Oh
good morning one morning I thought you
guys are sleeping now we are on a coffee
run today we're going to need a lot of
copying is there some awful weather up
yeah so flu yeah I haven't checked the
circuit yet because they can't have
access all right good surf website I
went straight to the coffee and then we
could look at the curb yeah morning
coffee for Mencia mmm that's not amazing
cappuccino
thank you I'm pedal peddler spork the
best coffee around thanks cheers boys
I'm not going to interrupt the meeting
let's have you ruin this guy's making
yeah he's such a businessman nowaday
absolute Instagram account blew up
oh yeah I can understand that we work I
look at the surf it's like Arctic sea
like windy hello chaos I'm going to read
the report yesterday said that they're
evacuating people from like yeah it's
like guys like 8-foot 10-foot probably I
could know but it's just like what I am
huge normal man yeah I was reading like
major warning like warmth and 30 years
testing and between conditions poor that
looks like a lot of paddling and a
little surfing that gets have
recommended follow mica yeah down here
in the description because when we get
like that cut up in the morning that
that one close to him well I shouldn't
sing that would be good for anyone if I
did something
well good thing we're going to jump in
the Range Rover and go down to a
rotating forum and check out some wheels
because I need new wheels from a whip
that's a perfect plan for today
bring me Brian here and why are you Lim
so special because they make cool stuff
yeah nice to meet you I'll meet you
Riley Mordor how's it going for a stop
by oh man we gon good you all right
we're in the neighborhood I figure it'd
be way smarter about this is got a place
you don't bring girls to because like me
here without a time limit problem we
have exactly right how would you do it
Friday traffic sign with us yeah exactly
especially with the Rain Man yeah just
driving back up there you know what I
got here
all I have take the opportunity to look
at absolutely everything because there's
so many different ways to make a rim
bike you know I don't even know how to
explain it but you know zebra stupid
won't be and then you can have a list
you can have a piece ran clock RAM and
so many different things and every time
I build a car I always try to figure out
what style I want be in the factory and
understanding how things work make the
way sort of go crazy up here yeah what
did this guy do this was from God Mike
when the electron is from f t he D
beaded a fire and slammed into the wall
his nickname is mad Mike so so this is
all this conceptual design so I mean he
does sometimes 7 to 10 designs a day
really we make less than 1% of them yeah
but after we come up with a 2d
conceptual design then it goes into our
engineering department where it all gets
designed like to proper engineering for
the car and then we test it here's where
you like look at the stuff down ha but
that's not out there oh yeah but your
first car was report right
not for a car like first sweet car first
three charges first as a MOSFET be 2000
it was dark purple and had flames on it
and there was a truck in the back though
it's of snow so we could hit rails but
it had a wooden handle our steering
wheel and it wouldn't go uphill because
there's a hole in the gas tank so but it
has plans I wanted it either way so to
you but I mean if it's if it's all about
getting it done as fast as possible we
got to choose something that's already
been done before yeah yeah that you can
existing design and then I can knock
them out quick yeah we get something on
the road yeah you hate sup million
thanks represent
I'm sure my girlfriend will not like you
tonight when I'm like this
so any wheels go pretty nice it's not
Valentine's Day no we're all good we did
go to melons and we rock here for a
couple days alright now thanks so much
oh you'll have like kick email tomorrow
morning thank you much be God those
wheels are every six really really
really excited yeah
are we doing now tell them bloom
go hide from the rain
I did not come to LA for this what's up
with the rain I'm very far good thing
we're in a warm car not as not a sports
car don't talk too soon so we see if the
pool in need of some service or not but
I have a feeling that we're screwed
so happy
whoa that River is overflowing you guys
see that eyes the river was like
unbelievably high hello my palm trees
look at that we are treating my morning
dog overload we are over full yeah stand
up so what do we do pretty sure yeah
that's that one helps
Riley you want to go get a pump and I
was like stay here and make sure that we
don't lose the house or anything yes my
wallet grabbed there's an American
Express okay grab that perfect we'll see
you guys in a couple months
thank you this is actually turning the
disasters over you or anything over
there
oh my god what do we do keep doing this
until we're displaying pumps right now
we were literally out there for the good
of and a half of course we don't have
proper shirts we're barefoot oh so now
we got to do it otherwise it's kind of
like coming in here Marley sound like
Neal West no that would be real sad
right yeah good luck see
what show so we got to keep the
pump away from the water
yeah when I go there's a disaster in
there but we got to we have 450 foot
hoses okay so I'm thinking hoses from
the water to around here connected to
these things and then out to the road I
like your idea
it's working I mean I'm not going to
make the water it's a lot more than
nothing oh you going swimming no no I'm
just checking that I think we're sort of
in control dude it looks good
that group effort you like running
straight to the store getting the pump
me Riley trying to be super amateur like
water remover thing here we still have a
trash can enough please here here
collecting water oh nice that's people
this is well we got water coming into
the house now yeah hot shower and then
please no more rain today it's pizza and
movie night never to start Pizza movie
night I think we should clean the lens
that's for later
oh we got it whoo what do we have here
we got a little bit of everything since
we had to work so hard all afternoon
it's movie night really we're just
giving in fresh travel would you order a
little bit of everything I was too tired
to think I was like anything that's
people nettle hot sauce we'll wait for
it wait for it's going to focus yeah
there it is number one ingredient for
tempers yeah it turns out the Raja of
drei the house is raising your energy
yeah that was our afternoon workout
great time to say good night
Committee later we will take in that we
completed over us from Casa overflooded
I pray to God it's not snowing waiting
tonight that would be really bad if
we're to get up and do that tonight
again yeah ciao ciao
yeah oh yeah
