good morning good morning
that's a lot of good energy it's still
nice did you get some sleep today
yeah I went about five and shot the beer
oh yeah that's that was crazy I woke up
and rising it's like dude I met under
instance mornings running around asking
for Lent
and I thought you were sleepwalking she
said oh no you wanted to shoot down by
the water all right
I love this guy he starts to come out
pretty well actually I'm in Syria that's
awesome
and I'm right now like look at this I'm
picking up new Red Bull house honestly
like they have a million it just keeps
on going and go under go under go under
go on the wall and that's one document
and I just thought yeah I guess that's
fun to show cuz everyone keeps asking
where do I get the Red Bull hat man the
answer is you can't buy and unless it's
sort of a fake ripoff but red will do
not sell house they only give them to
their athletes but I mean how do you
choose ah
you get one of everyone you do know
pretty much Wow
I told them I get two and then when
we're going to the red we'll play
streets in Austria we'll go by the head
office you go into this basement and
then everything they have is there and
then you just grab everything you can
around okay so no no but it's been a
fantastic morning it's been so nice to
like try to catch up a little bit and
like breathe you got your vlog online
yeah we got a vlog online and life is
good so now we're just waiting for Riley
to get back he's been working on some
working this morning so when he gets
back we're going to set a plan or
another whether it's kind of like yeah I
promise to go to the beach but the
weather is not good anymore kind of
wanna go surfing
yeah I didn't even know you have those
here
they're like art yeah on the wall so
weather cleared up event and we are
going to jump in the water then work out
our longboarding skills and try to push
warner into the biggest wave we can see
okay so let me guess I'm not getting a
leash not having a leash means that if
you fall you saw your boards can end up
on the beach and you're going to be
swimming question is this want to get a
leash
nobody Marley and Walker is hanging on
to my shirt come out want to come check
out the wave people we got down there
and they big probably not good serious
it is true he is trying to take over the
job yeah really now I'm like get off
water please we're get work on the kids
we should hop it now okay how do you
even put this on just like this that's
hidden even help ha ha good does how are
you round Rios and Paul oh no we did it
thanks like the Paul just like a chola
thank you yeah no my welcome it gets his
fault that you were stuck editing in
Canada yeah thank you so much I'm sorry
it's all your fault that you got the
player on and a helicopter sure dress so
yeah this wasn't you
you cannot it's on backwards you can't
go on like it is like it just like me
going to your level helpful at all
perfect hey that note should be pretend
really tight on your next over I'm
pretty good you know I'll put up doing
the loose already
I'm fully upright thanks for all your
help you and with how to put it on Oh
I'm gonna tag along with Riley instead
of waiting for Warner because I could
like take forever
there's so much sweetness out there but
there's so much people yeah but I saw it
like you were canceled by a lot of
people like you try to go for it and
they're there to do coming yeah there's
always not I want to be like that
you know rude rude that's cutting people
off I hate when people get mad at me
we somebody was three to get in the
water but I'm so bad at navigating
people
I'm better at jumping on the plane and
go where there's no people thank you for
that the coaching even though I was not
your best Oona
he's like stay with me stay with me I'm
like but then I lose all my life right
of like actually catching it myself you
know I went with him and of course I
caught the wave I came out finally Paul
showed me how great the Wi-Fi is I'm
going to like her and I think now about
ten minutes later it seems like it's
coming through and if we drove it let's
go buy water I'm thirty yeah we were
buying water on the way here and then we
forgotten that we're real thirsty yeah
jump with you yeah high threes okay that
makes me feel better
you get some free never bored and stuff
and like I just so rough with my stuff
like a brainy toss off if you need to
start like being stuck too gentle you
just like stop having fun I'm not gentle
with anything not even the red
yanari oh but uh where name
yeah I think we can see the energy
behind now we'll see you guys tomorrow
open up from Coliseum the Harper mu cos
overkill US headquarters Vegas money
yeah no job
