I'll be rollin we are rolling we got
sound and yeah everything everything is
good fantastic
I'm gonna go ahead and say that this is
my favorite Q&A ever because we are not
going to shoot 49 cameras today and
we're not going to try to kill herself
or kill Andre trying to edit
oh so it's going to be it's one of those
great days where we're actually like ah
breathing for a second feel so good
which is really good so I'm going to get
right into it and the first question is
actually pretty good
it's from cement how are you today you
I'm actually doing great I'm not going
to lie the last three weeks have been
probably the highest intensity weeks of
my life died the amount of work I have
been trying to do and the amount I slept
have just been kind of tough but you
know me I always try to you know push as
hard as I can with everything so it's
been challenging but I love a challenge
and I've learned a lot and hopefully you
guys have you know gotten some good
stuff to watch so today I'm feeling good
we needed a breather and just kind of
chill for a second because we are not
very good at that okay we'll jump into
question number two from sex the forty
twelve and this I mean it of course it's
the obvious question u n-- team overkill
has ondrea's past the first week and
when you asked everyone to apply you
were looking for a third person so I
guess what I really want to know is
there third persons it's Marcus left
that you're going to invite as well okay
so me and Marcus felt that all right we
needed a little bit of help to you know
figure out how to make time you know how
to find enough time so then we had all
the applications and I saw undress and
I'm like this guy I really really want
to work with him and then Marcus ended
up you know going to Norway so now it's
kind of like me and Andre us and we fit
well with Andre uh she's like stepping
up the vlog and it's even more so now
we're even more down on time than we
were before so I guess today when we
have some time to think and our brain
works we're going to try to figure out
what to do because let's just put it
this way do
we've been doing from last week I'm
dressed editing like he has me skiing
and filming and doing all the other
stuff it's just a matter of time before
what I was nice so we're going to try to
figure out how to because I love doing
high production stuff like I want to do
the best possible blogs you can but you
also need to make sure you don't die
doing it so yeah we don't have a set
plan but we are you know trying to
figure out what to do with it to make
the best possible content for you guys
and I guess you know the natural
follow-up question to that is has
ondrea's past the first few weeks or the
first week is he now officially a part
of team overkill and the honest truth to
that is that we haven't had a single
moment to talk about it we said let's go
on this trip and try to figure it out
and all I know is that I don't think I
can find a better editor I just got to
make sure that you know under edit maybe
you want maybe you want to leave like
now you're like this is crazy like I'll
die in a week but I promise you it's not
normally like this hopefully in the next
three days I'll show you more normal
living would be nice yeah so we we
haven't talked about it we I love what
he does so we're going to talk about it
figure it out and see you know it's also
a matter of andreas like how much can he
you know how much do you want to travel
how much can you work and all this so we
we have a lot of organizing to do but
it's nice to not be like on the top of a
mountain with Bushfield sending you to
do crazy stuff so that's kind of like on
that schedule the next couple days to
figure it out but I mean so far I love I
love you undress the stuff you do it's
like I was watching the Edit last night
I'm like I was getting goosebumps I'm
like oh but if your content so usually
no I like the helicopters would have
been way out of focus if I shot it yeah
maybe thank God for slow motion yeah
like that's not easy I'm super happy for
my side so we'll see if addressing
something completely lunatic and crazy
to hang out with I think we're both
crazy yeah I guess I guess that's the
thing to be part of all what we do you
got to be somewhat insane because normal
people
yeah like I what's up at five doing
emails and then at six I put on my time
lapses for three different cameras and
I'm excited which is not normal bit I'm
so competitive it's a I know you're the
same I'd really because we're so
obsessed with doing the best that we can
that you're like you find this energy
and motivation somewhere but since you
are talking about andreas I think it's
better that we switch places and I'm
going to act us the reporter interviewer
okay does that sound good no but okay
okay yeah like I actually like being
behind the camera more tell me is what
it feels like yeah this is it hold on we
are gonna we're gonna start with Linda
you're 12
question okay hundreds have you've been
enjoying the first couple days the team
overkill and will you continue I have
enjoy do them finally you can't say no
because I know yeah but I have it's been
crazy it's been the craziest days of my
life and I thought 2016 was really good
and 2017 is already better so Wow I
can't I can't wait for what's coming
action well hopefully we can get good at
planning so that yeah yeah that's
something we've said that we're going to
work on yeah we're getting there yeah
and then Maki boy 91911 says I feel like
we haven't introduced son Reyes yet and
we kind of talked about it we're like ah
it's better to let your edit speak for
themselves
yeah that'll agree and we didn't have
time all mostly the problem is when your
videographer disappears for five hours
in going down a cliff and if I'm walking
through the forest a and you don't get
the footage before 10 p.m.
yeah you don't have time to introduce
someone no that's true but here you are
in front of the camera I have all the
Norway's glory yeah bye
how about we run some some quick ones
yeah what's your full name
I'm Jeff hem or Hamad or summer yeah
it's so I just say undress
and way too complicated to say or some
are I'm going to start calling you all
so much
yeah curly so does the head
h/h I'm 21
how long have you been filming and
editing I've been filming for about six
years and editing offers and yeah yes
ma'am what's your dream destination
Hawaii would be pretty rad I think I
think that's a good answer yeah what's
the best Instagram account you follow I
have to say you know yeah yeah alright
if you can't say that probably Sam
colder I guess coolest thing you've ever
shot I have to say either the
chainsmokers or the chopper should I
look up there yeah nice it was epic best
feeling in the world two totally
different things
yeah hardest thing you've ever shot the
chopper for sure it's so hard to focus
good yeah they're like crazy and I mean
with events like this in a shopper and
if we steady on it was awful but yeah
also thinking if you get 10% of the
shots like that's 10% more than I love
the texture dream camera
red red epic I guess you look what about
the Phantom's like mega mega slow-mo
this handsome will be that big that I to
talk about it takes a lot of time to
down to transfer the footage to computer
computer so it will be awesome but I
don't think that time to do transom yeah
then you died for sure yeah for sure
who in the world would you most like to
have dinner with you Patrick Harris I
think my interesting yeah it seems so
funny what would you like to say to
everyone watching I hope you have been
enjoying the last five six edits we're
done I'm really stoked to be here and
honestly I feel a lot of a lot of
pressure as well because you guys I know
that you guys at least some of you guys
are expecting a lot for me and I guess
we're going to keep on pushing ourselves
and make awesome edits well I know this
I'm going to try to make you do the
worst fog you've ever done today so that
we can bring down people's expectations
oldest out editing in Windows Movie
Maker or something yeah I come down a
great two steps you know but it's it
it's awesome to have you with us and you
have been absolutely killing it so far
thank you could not yeah
don't kill yourself I'll try I had such
a good night's sleep last night yeah
looks good right I'm in heaven right now
yeah I woke up like oh yeah so nice
walleston
since we are talking about people that
in the vlog I think there's so many
questions about Warner yeah you see in
there somewhere
Warner we want to get your camera
whoo that's the thing I'm getting real
comfortable here behind the camera and I
am editor roll yeah we'll get you're
good at both roles like a natural
balance but it's nice to be behind a
camera because we can like yeah and you
know you can have a booger in your nose
normal can notice that's true
alright so I mean I've seen a lot a lot
of questions in regards to you on the
vlog okay and the first one is from
sorry about the texting and driving I
just want to throw that out there it'll
never happen again
my girlfriend's really mad at me too
um yeah I just I feel so bad for putting
that in people think if you just hated
me go people people are thinking that we
were competing about being team overkill
oh yeah and people saw that I was trying
to put him in a bad spot so I'm not I
thought it was funny
I'm so sorry no worries but so I said I
just had that on my chest and just had
to get it off yeah you know that slog
like don't do stuff you shouldn't do
good to show everything let's jump is
the first question with water hanging
out does that mean you accepted his team
overdrive application literally the
funnest application I've ever seen does
that mean he's the second filmer from
now on yes why I had a great opportunity
to do some filming the last two days um
that video was mostly a joke because you
and I have been friends for since quite
2009 yeah probably
um and I saw some hilarious applications
and some amazing ones and I was just so
motivated to do something fun um and
I've got to do a little bit of filming
but I this is not I'm no I'm not that
special I'm no Marcus and I'm no Andreas
so but you're a Warner yes but bottom
line is that you are not the second film
er that's true you are a but i have that
a little filming what happen okay I know
you've been killing it what is this
up snowmobiles and stuff yeah but since
we got that covered let's run a couple
quick ones because I think people wonder
who are you who am i who are you why why
are you here um that's a good question
I'm here because you asked me to join
and have a little fun we've been friends
for a long time and I don't know I'm in
this weird transition period of my life
when I used to be a professional skier
and now I'm not and just trying to
figure things out so it's super fun to
do this and I got a couple other jobs
going work for the dodge ski boot
booster strap TQ a couple little things
like they ask you some Instagram stuff
and um yeah I just trying to have a good
time and figure out my next passion and
you love having fun that's why I told
you I'm like I'm going to count it out
like how's your schedule anyway - anyway
you want to join us
oh yeah I was super psyched I haven't
seen you since February last year
remember Kitzbuhel oh yeah
so it was like it'd been way too long
and uh yeah whenever we hang out it's
always like a thousand percent which is
nice that is extremely true well yeah I
think that was good sex link is love you
bye group who's this American zhitomir
or like everything we're working on
getting better at introducing people
it's so hard though like if you know let
me forget and everything so that's one
of our goals like get better at that
so I'm gonna do a couple quick ones best
destination ever Bali I've never been
really want to go there um yeah best
Instagram account you follow woo Wow
hahaha the life of Riley comes from the
background mail bitch we're throwing it
out there he's special I like it okay so
I'm gonna switch around the first one
was best destination ever
you said bullies that we say you haven't
been best destination that you have been
that have been um Wow I love Sun Valley
Sun Valley Idaho I love just skiing
they're magical there was a buddy of
mine and we just read nasty arcs
everywhere dick that's my favorite
destination nice and last quick one who
would you most like to have dinner with
who Matt Damon yeah he's a boss well
those are the ones are the questions
that I have no more no more questions
for you today sweet so I'm going to jump
back here in the driver seat and finish
off the Q&A with a couple more one and
I'm real glad I called you to see what
life life is not about what you do it's
about who you do it with and when you're
with people like Warner and Bushfield
and just people that love life
lettuce better okay so let's get back to
a couple more random questions gay
to know how much does Andreas get paid
and at the moment we have said I cover
all expenses but after having seen what
he's done now that is not going to be
the case because I would never let
anyone work that hard for free so we
that's you know part of everything that
we need to figure out and discuss but
and nothing set yet but if everybody
wins in a team then that is a winning
formula one is winning and one's working
that's not a winning formula Leon and
then pro beer minecraft ten wants to
know do you feel keeping conflicted
Marcus and yes I keep in contacted
Marcus I have tried to not call him
every time I have a problem with Premier
and I can't edit or do something because
you know like that's he wanted a bit of
a more normal life so I'm going to try
to not like bring that on Top Spin so we
have spoken a bit mend it well to be
honest we've been so busy up here that I
barely had time to check my email so you
know maybe now when we have some more
downtime it's good to connect a bit more
again see how he's doing in Norway I
know it's like hanging off Ferraris and
like you know it looks like he's having
a pretty good time and I'm really happy
to see that and then look at eleven half
a follow-up question to the last one do
you think Marcus will ever be in the
vlog again and I probably because Marcus
is fun and we like fun people so I think
once you know he's like settled in and
like had a month to breathe then we'll
see if he you know what he's doing and
everything because we always need more
people you know for certain projects and
stuff so we'll see who knows maybe maybe
not either way I'll keep in contact and
you know like what the work he did will
never be forgotten like it was fantastic
everything he did so he hung in perfect
love yeah exactly he survived 300 vlogs
and that is a champion so thank you
Marcus for all the hard work and you're
welcome to come join us hang out
whenever you want and then on to
something completely different
Robert Olson ton wants to know when are
you coming to your home time to visit
your parents
and I know I've seen the question so
much over the last 90 days like how come
you never spend time with your parents
and like you know what's the deal and
basically we have been traveling so much
and our travel schedule has never
brought me up to Laura
where they live or them to me where I've
been closed so normally in a normal year
I see them a lot more but this year has
just been really strange in terms of
travel but I should really focus on
trying to figure out a trip to go see my
parents or try to see if they can come
see us because my parents are awesome my
parents are the best people in the world
and I think that when I was younger I
was a bit more wild and I was like
really focusing on trying to be cool but
the older I get the more I realized that
being a good person and being good to
everyone around you is way more
important and I think that comes 100%
from them and then we are moving on to a
couple douchebags questions its
douchebags planning on releasing some
new products like a camera bag clothing
or maybe even a golf bag or you know
some merch or something like that
and yes there is a whole bunch of stuff
that is being lined up to be released
with douche bags and you will probably
see it on the blog ones it will be
available but we are constantly working
hard with new products and that is
probably the work I love the most reduce
bags is to just think of things like you
know with the ski pack like I've been
using it every day and night trying to
beat it up as hard as I can and I figure
out oh it's like that thing could work
like you know like using stuff and
trying to figure out how to make them
better so new things coming and I'll let
you know when they do and I am very
excited about the things that are coming
follow up to that what about the 500k
giveaway douche bags you you're 100%
right I have not announced or done
anything with them because when we left
here things got kind of acting for me so
I haven't had the time to go through all
that but don't worry it's not forgotten
it will happen
I just need maybe one or two more days
to breathe and like wake up and not feel
like I'm in a nuclear war in my brain so
yeah coming not forgotten and here's a
pretty good one one that we've been
discussing
quite a bit it's from Giacomo he says he
would like to have longer vlogs I mean
over the course of 305 vlogs we have you
know done different lengths and usually
we don't try to hit a certain length you
shoot and then you end up you know with
whatever you end up with now we've kind
of I think that when I was in Monaco
they ended up being a bit too long so
that I want it to be tight and like be
exciting and I want people to want more
not like feel that it's a bit slow so
we've been trying to tie it in enough of
it but we're also trying to find the
balance of the length of everything so I
mean this one's going to be real long
but basically we want to make a kick-ass
vlog and I'd rather make it too short
and good done long and boring so I hope
that's okay with everyone but I promise
we're not making it short to make it
easy on ourselves it'd be way easier to
do a 20-minute vlog because you just
dumped the clips women edit the tighter
you do it the harder it is so we do it
to make a better vlog not to make it
easier and we don't want me wasting time
working exactly we want to make sure
that every side can you watch it you
think it's worth it well yeah always
good with feedback on what you think of
everything involved and we do read
everything people don't think we do it
but we do like this morning I woke up at
5:00 I have a shower and I was reading
comments in the shower in the morning to
try to optimize the time and then I'm
like okay like all right then I went out
start shooting so yeah full speed always
Justino wants to know what's the future
plans the next couple weeks Marbella or
what's going on okay so the plan right
now that we have is going to stay here
in LA until I don't even know what date
is today okay 15 today yeah so it's
Wednesday today and on Saturday we fly
back to Monaco and then I think the plan
will be to stay in Monaco for five days
and then I am going to the rebel play
streets in but Justine to go check that
out and work a bit with rebel and then
after that we have some exciting stuff I
haven't said anything about this but we
are going to join up with team Gallagher
and do the winter rally
is basically kind of like a winter
version of gumball we have the Batmobile
comment I'm probably going to drive the
Praga because the rolls is probably
gonna take it a week or two more so we
have a bunch of supercars meeting up in
Copenhagen driving all the way up to out
of each other we're going to spend two
days on a nice track and I'll make sure
to give everyone all the info where
we're stopping and all this but
basically a whole bunch of crazy friends
with crazy cars for a week on smell so
that's like right after play streets and
that is the only plan I have so far
after that it's looking at weather maps
and trying to do more powder skiing
because I have truly truly found the
love for skiing and like having fun in
the mountains like maybe never before so
I think you've probably seen that and I
think it has a lot to do with skiing
with Bushfield because skiing with Han
brings back so many memories that has
just been it's just like this is really
what I love to do snowmobiling into the
middle of nowhere and just like being in
nature not with your phone and like
staying connected it's truly been
awesome so I want to do a lot more of
that and then last question you what are
you going to do when you've done your
vlogs I don't know keep doing them I
guess now it's like I truly truly enjoy
making vlogs because one you create a
ton of memories that you'll always have
that you can look back on my memory is
terrible I can't remember anything but
now I have the blogs to look back at and
I love filming I love getting better at
filming and I love editing and getting
better at editing and I love the whole
process the only thing we got to figure
out is how to make it a little more
relaxed because it is non-stop from 5:00
in the morning of the 10:00 at night and
if you don't have a break in five
hundred days and or 300 days then that
is going to be a little tough but if we
can figure out maybe a Q&A a week and
then possibly a third member of the team
then then I think that we can I mean I
just wanna keep going I love vlog so
there are no real plans but I'm going to
do one every single day no matter how
sick I am is going to be one video
every single day for 365 days and after
that I'll probably just continue but if
I'm sick I might have a day off but
let's just put it that way and then
we'll see what happens I like to take
one day at a time and just try to make
the button mess of it
but now I kind of ran out of questions
and I think we have graded up way too
long QA again but I hope you guys
enjoyed everything you got to you know
talk to Andres a bit more you got to
talk to Warner a bit more hopefully I
answered a couple questions and we'll be
back with just more stuff trying to keep
doing everything as good as we can we
can't promise that we'll have four
helicopters every day for now on so
please don't call us boring if we're
being in a hole for a palm-tree but that
is it from today we are going to say
ciao and we will see you guys tomorrow
ciao ciao
