wait it's live are we lying yes in that
case I think it's time to welcome
everybody to today's live session now I
think sometimes it's good to do a live
because it's easy and it makes us upload
more so today's kind of a bonus blot and
well not vlog but it's a bonus upload
because I got so many questions
yesterday in regards to business
education school passion all this so
we're gonna bang away with a whole bunch
of questions and we have miss Jenny
behind the camera I'm trying to work in
with the camera doesn't look like it's
on a person's focus no well maybe it is
I don't know okay
hey guys does it focus or not like it's
focused but it's not 100% focus I don't
think you can be a constant focus
maybe my ice ice is it 100% focus let us
know in the comments focus or no I said
focus its focus okay I just times Larry
I he's that is the beauty of life that
you can ask a lot of questions and sorry
oh let's bang it wait with a whole bunch
of questions and I'm gonna try to get
through as many as we can and I hope you
guys think it's okay that we I mean now
we're on a Tuesday Thursday Sunday 4:00
p.m. schedule so this is just a bonus so
for those of you that comment that on my
Instagram picture saying that vlogs are
boring now all you do is talk we've been
riding an air balloon we've been slippin
slippin slidin down Sanders we have been
sore balling quads in the desert and
he's done a million things so this is
just this is bonus don't count this in
so if you don't like me talking you
shouldn't watch but for those of you who
want to see if I have any advice to
offer that I would have told myself when
I was 17 then I think you should say
watch so yummy you want to hit it off
which should I say the name of the
people who have asked or now I think
it's quicker if I don't yeah up to you
okay first question would be interesting
to know how your motivation for the vlog
is and how you're looking on it for the
future can you imagine the one goal was
to hit the 1 million mark I'm not late
but the schedule has been very off the
last month or so so the motivation would
be nice to hear about so the recent for
the Tuesday Thursday son just Sunday
schedule is because I've learned more
about YouTube and consistency is super
super key on YouTube and when we travel
like we do and we have bad internet or
we don't have internet then it's hard to
keep that but if we go with this
schedule it means that we can stay stay
ahead of everything so that means that
it's fun because basically if I have to
do a video where I'm like I really need
to work then it's not some fun to film
but now when I'm like ahead I'm like
maybe we should do vlog today so I think
with this schedule it's fun again so my
motivation with the vlog is just we want
to create fun stuff and we it needs to
be fun if it's not fun like we're not
gonna do it so hopefully that should
help and in terms of the million mark
the million mark has never been a goal
for me my goal is to check the abuse on
the videos and see how that's doing
because that to me is a better way of
judging how we are doing on with our
YouTube channel so I check the Komen I
read every comment I don't have the time
to answer to all of it but know that I'd
read everything and I check news but now
motivation is great we have some non
sitting in the couch vlog coming
tomorrow at 4 p.m. where we've ran
around more than ever so motivation is
good right now it's fun good
next question have you been a man of
action early on I think I've always had
a million ideas and I've always done a
million things and I mean one good
example I don't know if I've told you
guys this but I always wanted the cool
snowboard gear when I was a kid but we
couldn't afford the cool snowboard
clothing and stuff like that we're young
so I found a pair of ripped pants that I
bought like for two bucks and I took the
logos of their West Beach pants and my
mom sewed up a jacket that I
I drew out and I was probably 10 12
years old at this point so I drew a
jacket mom put that Westby patch in I'm
like the coolest things so I've always
like figured out a way to get what I
want to get even though we couldn't get
like the actual thing and then when it
came to skiing I was missing the rail
Sonora like the rails they slide on on
metal with your skis I'm like what is an
aura build rails and instead of like
being upset about it I went to the metal
factory bought a whole bunch of pipes a
welding machine and I taught myself how
to weld rails so I guess yes I've always
been pretty into making things happen in
one way or the other
yeah yeah I've always been crazy if
that's what you want to know yes okay if
you could get a university degree in
something what would it be probably in
graphical design because I keep doing
all these like pre designs for like
merch and stuff and I'm always like it's
so bad and I throw it all away and I get
really upset so I would have loved to be
better at design things okay but now I
just have to try my way and get better
as I go I'm in the you know you can go
to school even if you're old yeah but
now I'm in the school of life where I
learn things because I think it's the
more you do stuff the better you get so
and the only way for me to get better at
things is to kind of do home studies
like I've been watching a bunch of
YouTube tutorials I didn't make it new
zipper polar to paper they're sitting on
a bagger I can't show but yeah I I tried
and now when I have a little more time I
try to try to learn the things that I
wish that I knew how to do and the only
way to learn is to practice yes okay do
you let people into your life easily
what would you say I would say you used
to but not anymore I would say that I'm
super open to get to know people like we
met people in the maracas trip that we'd
never met before that I'm now a texting
with because if you feel that the person
you meet is
it was great then it's then I'm really
easy but when it comes to I guess you
become hesitant towards people if you
feel like they want something from you
and you don't have like a mutual
relationship so I think I'm more
cautious of like finding out why a
person wants to get to know me yeah I
think but yeah generally I like meeting
new people same and we did go on on a
phen trip to the Maldives last year with
20 of our viewers oh and I think that's
that's maybe not normal if you don't let
people in that easily but we like
meeting new people okay there's a few
long questions and a few short questions
what do you prefer
whatever you think so the reason we're
reading the questions here is because
when all the questions come in normally
they're so quick that I feel like we
miss all the all the important questions
so I hope it's okay even though it's a
live session that we're reading from the
Instagram questions together yeah how do
you manage to sustain your amazing
lifestyle I think I managed to sustain
what we're doing now because I am
constantly worried about like I'm such a
optimist in one way and a pessimist in
the other way I think I wake up every
morning feel like I need to do so many
things to not suck and I never think
that I do enough things so I always feel
like yeah I I just work harden and a lot
like the other day Jonnie was had been
sleeping all day so she was sick she
woke up at 4:00 and I woke up I can't
fall asleep I'm like should we grab a
coffee like start start our day early so
at 4:00 a.m. we started working and then
we worked until noon and then we were
watching TV and I was like god it's so
nice to have a regular Sunday and then I
realized oh wait we already worked eight
hours before noon on a Sunday so yeah
amazing lifestyle yeah if you want
something you got to work for it simple
is up yes
okay hi you I'm a student now what do
you advise me to do after graduating how
do you think I can find my thing to be
doing your life I think it's super hard
to advise someone on what they should do
in life I think it's a matter of looking
at what you like doing what you think
you are good at and where there is an
opportunity for work so I think you have
to weigh in all the factors but I think
number one is to start really thinking
about what do you enjoy because it's
like he's like okay you have these
things that you should be doing but it's
good I think it's the best thing is to
start with what you like doing and then
sort of question yourself like am I good
at all at this or I mean if you're four
foot tall and you want to be a height
jumper that might not be ideal so a
little bit of realism and but generally
if you don't like what you're doing you
or never gonna get good at so try to
find something you like and also don't
listen too much to other people yeah
do what you want to do never like if
you're it's a good example I was in
school in Malden and we were watching
the next games on TV and I was I want to
do that and then at this point no ski
racing in my friends lives you can't do
that like you're here you're serious or
like these guys are incredible and I'm
like I can do it so if I would have
listened to people around me I would
have never started freestyle skiing but
I was always pretty good at yeah go in
my own way and just not caring what
other people thought so of course it's
good to listen see if they have a valid
argument but I think it's important to
really go for what you wanted it yes
when did you know that you wanted to
start a company and how did the
beginning of the company go so first
company I started was like a clothing
like t-shirt and hoodie brand
didn't know anything about anything and
I put maybe ten thousand euro into it
and nothing worked whatsoever so it's a
terrible investment and I guess well I
learned something I didn't learn much
because I was so ignorant they didn't
know anything that I really truly sucked
and then the more things have done the
more I learn everything from production
to to the finances to production to
marketing and everything so I think I
knew early on that I wanted to do things
and then it all like now it's like I
look at a product then like push that
existence so now I like I won't start a
business to be like I can make a lot of
money there it always starts with an
idea of improving something when I think
of it a business yeah yeah what three
things would you like to change in the
future
if we're talking about my life that's
that's so hard that's a hard question
what do we want to change you know we
want to find a balance between working
on the computer and always delivering -
waking up on a Sunday and just waking up
and my god like today is my day off I'm
really yeah that's one thing I want to
change I want to be able to separate my
time off - when I feel like I should be
working which I'm terrible at maybe we
should have Saturday's off yeah we've
been saying that the word yeah I'm like
neur because yeah I'm just glowing so
yeah separate time work time from free
time I'd love to change that I want to
change our nutrition and training
because you feel like one things good
for you but then you travel so much and
you don't have enough time and you well
you prioritize wrong because I know that
when you stay active you feel really
good which we did yesterday yesterday's
vlog so check that out at 4 o'clock
that's why if I look tired today it's
because we had a very active day
yesterday and lastly I want to have a
kitten a dog that's what you want to
change for the future yeah it's hard
it's hard question how did you know that
Jana was the girl you wanted to marry
well not took a long time and I mean
there's I'm trying to think of the
reason well when I thought about my life
thought about yani thought about
everything and I realized that there
couldn't be anyone that could be a
better life partner than Yanni that's
when I'm like we need to order that ring
because no matter what happens I won't
find anything close to what I have not
because you love me yeah I love you too
but no one decide like love is one thing
but I think yeah really loving
respecting and yeah that's really
important as well yes we're getting deep
here and talking about marriage and kids
so stuff are you planning on traveling
with kids that's the one reason I see
they're really build a company and sell
it for billions cuz it looks like
traveling in a private jet with kids
looks really nice compared to a crying
puking kitten and the regular plane but
yeah what do you say honey
I say whenever that happens we get to
see them because you never know how the
kid will be yeah some kids are super
calm and super chill and some kids are
crazy yeah like I was when I was a kid
yeah so you're probably not gonna travel
I think I think both me and Yanni look
forward to a life that includes a little
less travel a little more grocery
shopping and you know the the boring
stuff but when you live like we've lived
for the past five years you start to
appreciate that more and more and the
more you grow up the more you start you
know you grow up little which is nice
but traveling sure not as much though
okay and a weird question how drunk were
you at midnight during New Year's Eve I
guess it was funny I was looking at that
video and I'm like even drunk I had one
glass of wine into glass of champagne
but because we had the light then it was
dark and just the feeling over there I
think everyone she's like ah yeah so if
you consider a glass of wine in two
glasses champagne really drunk then I
was really drunk but in reality no I was
not drunk even though I look drunk I
don't yeah I still haven't been drunk
since two and a half years I don't like
getting drunk no I'm done with that
weird that kills productivity the next
morning and also kills control I realize
you can have fun without alcohol I never
thought I'd say that
do you actually can yes okay this
question is actually very interesting
when do you feel you've achieved
everything with the vlog like this is it
I'm done or are you planning on vlogging
until you're like 50 and what motivates
you to keep on going I think it's so
basically the comments on the videos
changes almost everything like if I see
comments like God Lena I love this video
that is so cool to get to see that or
interesting what you thought about that
and if it's positive comments then it's
super fun and it's something I want to
keep continue doing but if people say
God now you're boring and you're better
before
bla bla bla then you know it's kind of
like yeah we're watching the the
document or the movie on Buuren board
and he was kind of like well if I'm not
winning then I might as well quit and I
think that's if you guys love what we do
we're gonna continue for a long time I
think but I think now we're on a
schedule where we can live a normal life
as well which makes me happy and it's
fun to vlog because when you're feeling
like it's constant then it's hard to get
better at what we do
if you don't get better than it's not
that fun yeah no that's fun so yeah work
it it's like such a big question because
it's so hard to answer Jim but for now
we're just gonna continue and we'll see
how the comments say if you guys think
we suck then I'll probably do something
else if you like it we'll continue okay
so most questions I see a lot of
comments about Marcus just mark this
question mark I don't understand why I
think it's because Marcus is coming on
the snow tour next week
okay so that I guess that's it's been a
lot of comment Marcus Marcus Marcus but
what's the question
just Marcus question mark Marcus
question mark or just Marcus yes so
Marcus is gonna join us for the snow
tour in Norway next week so then we're
gonna be able to see Marcus and you
reunite with him and catch up to what
he's been up to the last ten months so
make sure I promise there'll be a lot of
Marcus in we could have yeah if that was
there's no other question and now people
are y'all niggas should know I also saw
a comments I feel better I'm not sick
anymore but I'm still super tired and
also see comments I knew she was
pregnant no I am not pregnant and I will
let you know when and if I'm pregnant I
was just having a stomach flu
really really bad one but I was
collecting a lot of boyfriend points yes
you know nurse but I am not pregnant
no no pregnancy here no just a lot of
Christmas food yeah there was a couple
more people that got sick coming home
from Morocco so I think it was a flu
they were caught yeah but no pregnancy
no and then I've seen a lot about Lord
haunts when he's yes pregnant no I'm not
pregnant
oh ma you don't tell the girl she's
pregnant like that's if she's not
pregnant
that's not nuts no I don't care too much
though but you don't have to ask because
I'm not yeah but it's like a general
rule until someone is pregnant
you don't tell them no unless someone is
telling you that they're pregnant I mean
you've seen that on like friends and TV
shows like that and you're like oh oh
what are you having
I'm not pregnant yes I want to avoid
that one and about Hans when is he ready
Hofstra be ready for snow tour but I
have been traveling a little too much so
I haven't not been able to connect with
absolute so I'm trying to get a hold of
absolute to see how everything's going
yeah so now you know and now you've had
life for 19 minutes and 30 seconds do
you want another question or no I think
we still have a ton of questions left
yeah so what we're gonna do we're gonna
cut this light here because I think a
video on YouTube it's better to not go
over 20 because if I was watching myself
for more than 20 I get bored so we're
gonna pick up the rest of the questions
on a later date but for now we're gonna
end it because we need to pack up
heading up some bull through Marbella
tomorrow and we also need to do some
magic editing power on yesterday's vlog
in which we had a lot of fun doing so
check back tomorrow 4 p.m. we have now
started the year off right in the times
that we promised so now you actually
know when to go to youtube and check for
the videos yeah and I think that's all
we have today I hope you guys thought
that some of the answers were helpful in
some ways and if you thought me talking
was boring then check back tomorrow
let's talking
I don't like me talking either but
here's the long ending again
yeah so I do not see people do we Joe
ok well ciao but I don't know how to end
this this push end my first don't end
life it's a guide to cut No
it's a it's a cross and streaming
