well I think this sounds like it seems
like a perfect time to say good morning
good morning morning okay we figured we
needed a rest day today and when you're
hanging out with Bradley I guess this is
what a rest day looks fine well I think
hot springs is a good read stay right
yeah man like gracing a helicopter down
a river and most importantly we got to
get a dress out whoo and definitely
share to the vlog - yeah yeah this is
kind of huh this is it this is what it's
all about
I thought Ghana was all about staying
inside edit a lot of footage and sleeps
and just repeated I like the Rosalie
picture for the other day yeah clean
that's two people what yeah I was
pushing that so hard yeah no I was just
pushing myself so I wasn't sleeping to
be honest so but this is your new life
welcome to it yes thanks
you
oh I'm kind of like really enjoying not
breaking my body today yeah I can't tell
you how glad I have as well working out
man yeah yeah found it found it yeah be
back soon we are we're somewhere in
Canada at some hot spring I have no idea
exactly where we are far into the
wilderness and we're going to like I've
never been to a hot spring before my
knee actually I've ever been I don't
know I think we might have forgotten to
say that we are supposed to catch flight
to LA tonight I have a feeling we're
going to be late at the airport stay
over top of your leg
and you're just using the rope as a
guide both hands on the Rope kind of
open between your legs you're killing it
thanks buddy
whoa I have a problem in my brain like
climbing down there with the red is
obviously a terrible idea but it parsed
me up yeah I think you have to do it
yeah I was just time Bradley if you have
a Camry you're not willing to take
everywhere you have the wrong camera
that's true yeah maybe this is like not
the best plan now I think it's Canada
that brings it out of us like me and
Warner end up like in the wrong place
and this is nothing compared to the
cliff no this is way worse than the
katene place the only promise we're
supposed to leave for the airport in 30
minutes and we are bought a 30-minute
flight out from the car at the
helicopter right now we have to still
get back to the helicopter stuff so
what's happening right now
via these cracks in the rock these go
down like thousands of feet and the
river is running into the cracks and
it's getting super hot from the mantle
of the earth like the crust not the
cross but like the hot rock and then
it's turning to steam and pushing up and
then it turns into water again and it
comes out the cracks and then you
have husband turn up gonna kick kick Oh
huh it's like perfect
oh hey how about we just take a flight
tomorrow and said oh the first like
relaxing moments Bushfield I'm so glad
you're not here because then we'd be up
on that cliff like jumping are you my
king are you feeling right now
oh how is it like it's free oh
now it feels good again right nobody
does nothing ready oh all right do it
all right
Drazen extensive brain freeze right here
everything gets real real quick
I was worried like a moment
okay like we really got to go but so
nice in here I want to go if it's one
time we're not too stressed being laid
up kind of now just too good to be
stressed I wouldn't get much of a Miss
Mike well I'm glad we finally got to do
all these Batman yeah this worked out
great
I mean timing everything now he's got to
get you to the airport I am yeah and oh
yeah I almost forgot you had a play how
do we thanks guys you have great Pratt's
they're like all right hey like while we
bring up a second helicopter a cooler
another two right yeah so if you want to
see everybody or you have everybody's
information and the link in the
description below go check them out they
do some cool stuff they're good guys and
they help me out a lot so Skye thanks
thanks Bryce thanks guy yeah like if you
want to go five fun stuff like you know
to head up oh you're getting it under
the Canada you don't want me to leave no
Sandra okay that was a good buy right
Bentley company relieving them and
Bentley in Bradley and helicopters
I've always been to the airport
my dick is good and we are ready to fly
although host I guess look every time
thank you Mary
there was 20 minutes left of the flight
was departing and undressed was still
not through customs and we're like
luckily I had my credit cards in your
backpack somehow I could be stuck at
least there's like something Jahoda a
skirt and Warner went through customs
was a bullet that he got from Rory in
his back Rory dear oh yeah
Rory can't believe that was my carry-on
Oh what got arrested
I'm real Kuzco a real smart team here
today that I had an idea a theory that
the woman into secondary she applied for
all of you ha ha ha good one this you're
so mad
oh and we are in America before we am
sick fog we need to once again say thank
you to all the guys that's been showing
us with life sold out the last few days
so make sure to check all their info in
the description and tomorrow we figured
would run a Q&A so that we maybe not
film 15 camera so hit us up a question
and we will see you guys tomorrow and
the question is does Johnny have the
energy for a chow yeah did she did yeah
