yeah your voice racist way cooler than
all right
I know all your name drillers all right
buzz hey let's not end up going side of
the mountain today gonna end up even
deeper on the rock oh yeah no we haven't
flushed all right yes I know it's all my
boob left in this vinaigrette Rory we
used to keeping air together like many
moons the good old days yeah and
now we're here
but this here don't do some horses take
you out the teepee town man I'm so I'm
so I've seen photos without still snow
usual I'll see you in a little bit God
we're really getting off in such a
stressful start here for Andre outs I
grew up like getting lost in the middle
of nowhere shooting like 25 cakes of
being lost everything why awful MA looks
like well sure autumn I glad I'm not
there but that's all I wouldn't ended up
there it was no way we would or guys out
there I all but I loved it
I had fun out there it looked good that
cool I don't think I've ever been in
there
hey I can take you about some new stuff
oh yeah it's also the mastoid original
speaker so happened that one secret
don't you
we're going to sell that secret to
whoever wants an adventure worth like a
dollar
all right well let's jump in
I love your flood oh hello
I can see myself having a bit of fun
with this
Hodgins web skills Warner hey doggy in
here yeah Jack like looking at this
makes me kind of want to like move here
and get a sled in the truck yeah I
totally agree I could live here drive
that oh I'm so pumped I think you can do
a wheelie yeah you hit the gas all right
let's load her up
nice I am so pumped I haven't been on a
sled and I don't know when I was going
to flood and it's tunnels I've ever been
one of these bad boys so we're going to
take that all the way up to the top
where they have a teepee and then Yanni
is going to fly in with Bradley which is
going to be awesome I mean when
everything's strapped down I feel like I
know what I'm doing ready roll yeah good
life's all about like no doing a lot of
stuff that's where that you're good for
doing that we should put Warner on this
get out
singing struggle yeah definitely
oh yeah oh yeah he's in a bad spot there
all right
Oh God
driving em cowboy
I'll pipe i heli we made it up that was
much more difficult than I expected
haha you know at least I felt like a
sled you're killing it a sled Rider
going up here my boy and I my Elliot
well you came around the corner down
there sitting I just hung off the side
of your sled like you're in a sled race
I had made the corner when I was like
 yeah he's probably gonna go right
to the tepee look this is the famous TV
huh
it's instafamous yeah you guys just
stayed up here for yeah well we were up
here for six days I know why
oh how ever I want to come stay in here
too
that was a good little rest from the
Tiki but now I think it's time to shred
some powder down to the sweat and maybe
hopefully make it home somewhat early
but I don't think that's happening today
either why does that always happen when
you hang out with Bushkill Bushfield is
not good for our vlog schedule but we do
have a lot of fun
good thing I hate yo my controller
Oh
this place is on the top of my like I
love that really high up it's number one
yeah thanks for showing us like yeah a
million million things so what time is
it now six kill some light look at those
trees like that this is where we belong
now let's not get stuck on the way down
I promise I'll try okay T P we love you
officially we will see a real soon again
I want to see her tomorrow she's
beautiful
Monni loaded hey should we end the vlog
while we're at it yes we do not need
more footage we've had a long day
 a million thanks for tomatoes are
freakin mega crazy go you are crazy you
know that banks are coming up Oh Mike
good to spend the time Thanks your life
is really amazing
good unbelievable I need to do this more
often I'm going to come hang with that
said we're going to say good night
over and out from the most awesome place
in the world doing the most awesome
things in the world with the most
awesome people in the world fam what's
the word
ciao
