oh I guess we start the morning by
saying good morning hold on I always
forget to press the button I would say
we're going to stir in the morning
because now it's suddenly haven't they
open the coffee shop which is the
highlight of my morning I've been
waiting for like an hour and a half so
let's go see if we insert the day with
some good coffee I think my edits are
just better with coffee my brain morning
absolutely incredible morning what do
you guys think do you think it can be
too much time lapse it's like when I see
morning's like this I just want to shoot
time up let me know in the comments too
much or is it all right I mean look at
that
shouldn't I shoot that morning you get
it fell down I think we can manage like
that it's more fun if it's a challenge
there we go alright I'll see you later
thank you okay they're not for coffee
it's one color Briana cue for me and one
milk and now I'm going to go up and set
up a time-lapse because that is too cool
not to gotta be quiet John's probably
still sleeping
I'm still packing now yeah I realized I
was that in and I'm like oh you're the
person I know the clerk packing the
latest yeah I think um I'm up there
this is there be a world championship
and I'm doing it was at least be in the
World Cup fill your stuff in here so
that we can reorganize once you jump
like all the stuff you don't want don't
blame me I don't have a surskit you have
three big bastards of like 25 kilos each
that's going on the place yeah I don't
bring them with me to Canada smell but
they're so wrong out the door yesterday
everything okay
he's in the okay this is a lot
even for us
it was real nice to be home for a week
and not drive around back not that time
again even though we have a few extra
I can't believe we got all that checked
in not crazy right
like that must have been what like 900
kilos well now that we're here I say
that we just spend the Stockholm juice
Johnny everywhere yes what is going on
yeah welcome to Sweden you get a million
and then you're old like that used to be
me like with ski magazines yeah like a
decade ago I was famous before I met you
before you met me I was saying all right
should we see if we find some later I
think it's safe to say that we had a
pretty bad fight we were delayed the
person in front of us needed oxygen the
perfect now it's not yeah of course it's
still not a great flight and then the
person next to us had a nosebleed
and then we were delayed and yeah it was
just not one of those easy flips no lady
yeah I got to edit some video now
hopefully luggage will arrive yeah well
it was nice to be greeted by like 100 mm
yummy kisses in the school come on back
all right oh you got one
and there's another
whole dear we got them all not adjusting
a ski bag yeah so far 100% success rate
good we shouldn't get too excited yet
before we have the strike because that's
probably the most important one yak my
ski boot ran there and ski boots are
irreplaceable quite a bit of luggage
right yeah Norwegian okay we like you
all and we can account for 100% of our
bags Johnny did I just film the former
yes why on a seraph sweden crashing I
don't know are we allowed to post a
video now we don't say a name let's just
say a high-ranking politician
okay we're going to get a coffee yeah
that's what happens when you blog you
get famous people crashing in customs
look I'm going to show you my best
friend here
you this guy here
there we go
hated coffee but I let's try to find a
cab
you
yes
thank you are you looking at old
memories yes are you five young myself
it right oh god I work the chauffeur
already of course you did no yeah we
should buy today that we are at Yannick
mom's place yes so the first thing I did
was bring out the old photo album yeah I
haven't seen this and I don't know
forever did I wear I hope these photos
come out stylish from the beginning you
see the big Blazers pattern oh my god oh
it's nice not to be in a hotel right how
about we say goodnight to this little
camera thing here yeah my mom made
cheesecake oh that sounds way better
than roses Oh perfect
I think we need to not film so we can
focus on our scent on the cheesecake
because we have a long travel day
tomorrow
Oh God did you forget but it was a long
hike 15 hours no no I think I ignore
yeah probably 15 a bank over and then it
depends on if we're going up to Whistler
directly 14 hours 14 hours in total but
remember that's like four hours when you
have Warren earn around and we get to
meet andreas for the first time I'll be
hiding
I have only spoken on the phone with him
for like one hour yeah absolutely no
 I don't so bad not scary super fun
yeah hold on where do we have although
let's lay down and get light it's so
hard to shoot stuff at night when you
have
difficult lady repeating yes like I wake
up and I shoot in low light I had some
beautiful shots this morning all right
but you'll see that in the book so now
we are going to close this thing down
and and family time just read it off
super super good not all so much be more
wrong he did the opening more and money
yeah gonna go not go up come on
