oh good morning babe good morning how
are you today good I'm good too
we are making progress here on our
travel plan we have had a little bit of
coffee like a lot of coffee and then we
are about to book some tickets you want
to tell everybody where we're going and
when we're going tomorrow relieve Monaco
and we go to Stockholm and the day after
we leave Stockholm and go to Canada
Whistler hmm and then hold on - hold on
let me go sit down ready for it yes BAM
you know we're gonna go see up in
Whistler now Bradley Bradley Sahel is
the super red helicopter dude with the
super red Bulldog in front of the
helicopter
well good morning for me as well it
always makes me feel good when we set a
plan like when we're kind of just not
sure what to do and everything then it's
just feel strange
so yeah nothing like booking a couple
tickets in the morning and like start
your date feeling under control hmm so
what should we do with today together I
need to go to the basement but the
basement is such a not listen place to
be now long the problem trying to play
your shoelace oh okay
there we go I can grab this guy I'm like
the dumpster man but my thing
you know what no I'm totally pumped we
have a plan
he says like we've been here like uh
what are we doing like not knowing now
we have a ticket and water's coming -
and undress em
no but I'm excited yummy it's time to
get excited and time to bring out this
whitewater peace you tired today yummy
yummy tired of it tired of you may
probably hey if I was aiding me I won't
be tired of me I said what we can do it
you put her in put it on the floor
actually move it back farther like a
meter right not good
oh okay now I don't understand we took
this and three huge bags out of the
source room and it's still full how did
that work enough down here yeah thinking
about working out but now I'm not sure
and and then we have the auto really
finally that's over I heat cleaning up
in the downstairs is the worst panel in
the world so now I'm going to put that
camera outside for a little time left
while I go for a run and just clear my
mind because I was about to start
breaking stuff down there I hate
cleaning down there okay I hate it so
putting this guy out here wait where do
we put it maybe we go to Iran Oh perfect
then I will see you in a second
Oh to some power awning I don't Casey
runs and he seems to like have this
whole vlog thing figure it out so maybe
script for me
Oh
ah guys it's so painful around but at
the same time it's so nice
see you motivate and you get out feel
good I think that's the key thing in no
three cameras greater never seen case
you nice let use a heavy-ass
tripod to push the elevator to be smart
orange girls kind of exhausted from that
Roman I was trying to direct this for
wings for life world run my name is May
and then I was thinking around twenty
five minutes and that is an hour fifteen
let it pop down hand off well we got
something we're just going to find it
once we come around this bush here any
flare
here we have another fifteen minutes
right let me put this I think like right
here we're going to get more and more
thumb
very very high level of winning license
by my window it's my dry in the
morning like a warning can take whatever
was a light jar like oh yeah few seconds
and band on ain't enough time to like
use that no it was like so cool and then
I'm like shrimp photos and then it's
like all a true video like one minute we
got some of these well thank you for the
help of shooting really appreciate it
hey when it looks like this it's my
pleasure we need to pack fall I
shouldn't tell you doc you know what I
thought see what I said have that like
way later you look at his bra businesses
cool right the G yeah I'm trying to take
advantage of the last days without a
filmer cuz one-seventh up
see once I have a filmer I don't have to
do this so they're probably end up you
can still do it yeah but if you have
undress in scrubs will be a lot better
than me I'm filming maybe you can learn
yeah but then we need to read camera No
this little area it is pretty funny
there we go from being a two-man log to
a one-man long and then I decide to like
hey let's just double everything we can
use
and at least before I had Marcus to tell
me you being armed for a second
but I liked it I think it's fun no more
cool stuff you can do in the day the
better that day is oh wait maybe I
should push there we go okay okay bye
bye oh please be exported OS X to the
third export choose okay hurry hurry
hurry hurry hurry
do we think that works I just realized I
forgot to end the vlog and I was almost
asleep and I'm like no I got a power
through gotta finish up the law can't
just like let it run into nothing so
here goes
quick tired old or not or LR and ciao
and good night we're going up oh gosh
come on Joe
you
