what happened yeah of course you had to
bring the camera right I will can answer
the coffee machine when I drop
everything on the floor sounds like
something broke
nothing drill just coffee everywhere
yeah okay we should start with good
little things good money out that it's a
very epic one spilling especially when
I'm trying to convince you that this was
not I'm not clumsy so yeah there was
like the moments everything fell I'm
like no I'm like yeah it's kind of just
say I told you so
yeah I said and am i right from now on
I'm going to keep track things like that
see if it happens to me more than you
know sorry
so for it I'm worried I'm worried you're
right yes I'm always right all right
I'll be right back once I have a coffee
and like places chill again when I can
set a plan on how to convince you that
I'm not clumsy but I did not get off to
a good start
no okay see sit remember the mic on yeah
in that case I thought it was time for a
little Q&A here to start today but I
know there's been a million comments of
the last few days but I haven't really
had time to go through everything so I
picked a few that I figured we could go
through we'll start with some easy ones
you're not wondering how you find the
music in your blog's most of the music I
find is at epidemic sound I'll leave a
link in the descriptions you guys can
find it great platform where you can
find royalty free music for a small
monthly fee which is perfect for up
number two you need some color grading
classes for markets well the interesting
thing about that is that I use the exact
same base grade as me and Marcus have
used a lot real since we got the Sony I
would say about half the vlog for me and
Marcus's I did touch-ups on the grade so
we kind of just degrade together so
strange see all of a sudden think it's
terrible considering it was pretty much
done the exact same way before that
third question does anyone know what
happened with the
expanding of the team they were looking
for a third guy in one episode and you
haven't mentioned any of this did you go
in solanell or what's happening you know
what I haven't had time to comment on
everything that's been going on but to
answer that question I have talked to
underneath him which I thought you know
was an incredible filmer and editor and
he will join us in the next few days we
are still me and the mixes are still
trying to figure out where to go and
then once we know that we'll link up
with a drill so yeah Andreas will come
it's going to be good because then I can
learn more about editing but most of all
sleep a little more
alright and then we get into all the
Marcus questions because I've been
reading a lot of market questions and
well let's just jump into it does anyone
else find it weird that they don't even
mention markets like he never existed
Jonnie hasn't even mentioned the fact
that he left once on the blog okay here
is the reason that we haven't talked
much about it I have gotten up at 4:30
in the morning and work as hard as I
possibly can for the last week and the
first 500 questions is - Marcus of
course that's like not what you want to
hear what makes you motivated so I guess
I haven't talked about it to shine even
more light on it because I am where I am
and I have to do the best of what I have
so I kind of wanted to not encourage
more comments about that because that is
what it is I am here doing the vlog so
I'm just trying to make the best of it
so that's why I haven't brought it up
because I thought we had enough Marcus
questions either way that is the
explanation because I did not want to
put fuel on the fire but now that we are
about a week away I thought it was time
to you know bring it up a little bit and
then we have a question that I've seen a
lot of different versions of it
basically says don't know what exactly
the reasons were but doing stuff like
making Marcus go on economy while you
travel in business like it is in a
previous vlog maybe one of them trees
took markers around the world but doing
 like that it's not ok you could
have given them a prop
send up okay so for about two hundred
and ninety six or ninety four logs we
did together we traveled together in the
same class and the same everything I
even gave up a business seats myself to
move back sit next to market so if we on
one flight playing different buses I
flew from here to Canada
Marcus moved from Norway to Canada's
were a different tickets and that
business ticket was the most expensive
vistas tickets I have ever booked and it
divorce them for the fact that my back
was really bad and we were going to go
skiing for the seven days I would never
have booked it but I did and Marcus was
totally okay with being in a different
class on that flight so the ticket we
bought was based like that and then we
flew home from LA and it was a different
plot so I think overall I could have you
know let's marketing economy the whole
time but we chose or I chose to try to
make it a team and do everything
together
so if I do one thing that it's not
perfect I don't think I deserve the kind
of hates that I got for it oh look
you're complaining about carrying heavy
camera gear and how long the editing
takes something your friend used to do
all the time without complaining and now
the single mention of him since you left
what a pity move well when Marcus was
here we were two people and I don't know
if we ever looked in the camera or in
our travel bag I don't know if you've
seen my carry-on that in the bag that I
was carrying was the red the batteries
and all the heavy stuff so while we
traveled I have a lot but most
importantly we have two people carrying
it and I never ever told Marcus to go
run around and shoot Yanni with a bread
when she's taking the morning walk so
two completely different things but it
is more heavier to be one person and
then at the same time trying to set
everything up so that at least I can get
one comment out of 100 that is in regard
to the vlog and not just about Marcus
you ready for this one yummy yummy makes
your vlog I'm boring you and Marcus were
much better once I'm sorry you feel that
way because Yanni's my girlfriend and
she they I think she's being great that
puts up with me
camera rondall time and I do not think
that she is boring I mean she has a
hundred and fifty thousand followers on
YouTube and they don't seem to think
that she's boring either so I hope that
not everyone thinks so I don't and even
if he did think so it would be a problem
because she would seem to boil all the
time either way or I would kick quick
vlogging oh yeah so yeah from now on you
can fast-forward through all the parts
to the younger in there so bad good
thing Yanni doesn't feel bad when she
hears comments like that she she's a
strong girl I just thought I should
bring it up again I posted it yeah
automated now it's good to bring up a
few negative because those are the ones
I read when I look through when I see
people saying like god it's nice to see
how much effort you put into it and let
you don't just lay down and die when you
end up in a difficult situation
I read that but the negative ones are
the ones that get stuck but they also
motivate me so but yeah reading comments
has been less fun than it usually is
let's put it that way alright well let's
let's move on to more normal things they
know there's probably a million more
questions in regards to Marcus but we
stay context I think he's having a
kick-ass time being home in Norway live
in a normal life and doing his thing so
I'm sure that he'll be back here today
hi one of these days and you know we
should all just wish him the best of
luck and make sure to follow him on
Instagram if you want to see what he's
up to link in the description below
alright moving on to random different
things what website do you check weather
conditions and snow forecast I usually
check snow forecast calm and then I
check whatever resort and I usually
gives me a good indication and then if
one place seems good then I try to get
in contact with someone that sort of
lives in the area knows it really well
never easy though to find a good snow
report oh well then let's do one more
more negative I've read a few or quite a
bit a comment saying God now the blog is
so boring and I understand that one
weird monocle we're not climbing
mountains
we're not like surfing or jumping
outputs and doing crazy stuff but when
we travel for a month it's nice for us
to get home and relax and do normal
things so I completely agree that yeah a
bog is more exciting when you do crazy
stuff but you need timing well a few
dates like this to just you know relax a
little and especially this is a daily
log exactly I mean you get to see
everything we do and I try to I think we
do a lot of fun stuff
yeah but yeah I'm doing my best to be as
entertaining as I can but sometimes I
need to have normal days okay here's a
good one cuz I was actually thinking
about this yesterday do you think day 7s
has better qualities than the previous
likelihood and this is interesting like
when I shoot with Sony it has better
autofocus it has smaller and lighter
it's better in low light but of course
the picture I don't think it's nowhere
near what the light they used to have
it's when you drive it you can almost
get it to the like f1 when it's good
like you can get it there but when it's
bad light it's just kind of hopeless so
I was kind of thinking I'm like well it
can I do a like a conversion back again
but the light guys one major issue and
that is the autofocus is not as good and
it's a much heavier setup so if I were
to go film myself it'd be so much
tougher so then I was making anybody use
the same cameras Yanni's that like a
cube the problem with that is that you
can't change lenses so you can only have
a 35 millimeter and there's no way to
connect an external mic so that means
you get all that noise around so I have
to say that I'm not completely happy
with the sony but at the moment I don't
know if there is a better alternative
out there I hope it is because I always
want to make it good one alternative
would be the shoots to like a cue and
then have an external sound recorder but
then matching all the sound in editing
would be a pain in the ass so no
solution but at least now you know my
thoughts that I do see that you know
like is incredible I just hopefully we
can just spend more time in sunny places
because then the sony is actually pretty
good
hey you how long does it take to edit
the
now the market is not here okay two
o'clock now
I started at 5:30 and we are yeah we're
exported actually 1 12 11 10 9 8 7 6
well say that I spent roughly 10 hours
fed at the vlog because I shoot way too
much but with people complaining things
that I've suck I want to do everything I
can to make him not think that so then I
shoot more red than like you know now I
hadn't figured out how to give time
lessons with the red and I try to push
myself as much as a human we can but
that needs very little time for anything
else but if I didn't love every second
of it I would have quit a long time ago
but I truly love what I'm doing it's
just I need 48 hours in a day well
speaking of cameras anyone else notice
that there's no more 4k okay so here's
the deal with 4k we can shoot 4k with
the Sony like a full blog no problem but
if you want slo-mo it can only record
that in HD so if you want slow one the
vlog that means we need to shoot it with
the rent so I could have done a 4k blog
the last couple days because I have been
shootin a lot on the rest I usually
finish the edits around one so I play
them were to export a 4k file that would
take me at least two hours that would
make the export finished at 3:00 and
then here in Monaco the promises the
internet is slow so it would take two
hours upload so then the blood would be
late so I have chosen to export in HD so
that I can hopefully publish on time so
everything's there I'm just thinking of
you guys I want to publish on time so
you don't have to wait but if you think
that four or seven at night doesn't
matter let me know in the comments I can
export in 4k as well so let me know I
try to mix it up when I feel like I have
like something epic then I try to really
do it in 4k but normal run around stuff
I think you know sometimes it's smarter
anything and then we just follow that up
with one last question a positive one
that I love I don't care about the 4k or
1440p anymore I'm so impressed of your
motivation and well to produce amazing
blog for us you keep impressing me day
after day the lengths you go through
produce those vlogs are very molding and
to see you fall because you want a good
shot that's impressive
do you like
the comments we get me excited and
stoked and like making you want to learn
and get better and get quicker and try
to figure out how to get good at
storytelling while I figure out how to
edit and export and everything but it's
a lot to learn and it's you know that's
a big test to try to create blogs that
are epic in every single way but I am
trying my best so hopefully like it
hopefully you can endure a couple more
days for me and Yony hanging out here in
Monaco because after all it is a daily
vlog and this right now is our daily
life right yeah so now we're going to go
outside and enjoy the weather that I
should play it up which is really nice
so I'm going to try to not shoot too
much later today because I'm sure that's
going to be pretty long so you'll see in
a second and thanks for the support I
really do appreciate all the kind
comments I look you you look fantastic
so you told me it's not cool to wear it
around my neck like this but well my
friend Paul told me that I feel pretty
cool I feel like a quarry now you can
take as many photos as you want does
that I don't need to go through them
cool right what beautiful weather we got
going on it means you need hello hello I
saw the flare I just wanted to shoot
Claire John evoking
that's what we have blogger vlog in a
vlogger vlogging a photographer we are
just seeing camera today it is so nice
to just walk around sometimes I know
nobody's really good at like walking
around well telling us to like let's go
for a walk which is great
walking is what sinful people do
maybe that's why I don't walk the
hustling I don't have a car right here
oh yeah we don't have a car yet
like a camel car over there oh we have a
camel that's cool let's go look at that
camel car
I need looks cool mmm I like it I get
cool that it's unique I'm not a fan I
like the round big camel but the color
combo is cool looks goes under the fluo
yellow I always like let's go yellow or
greenish Yanni doesn't like it I get
cool or something unique yeah but it's
too too flashy
Nosa fluffy oh yeah so gold mine yeah
the sharp
you
how cool what we are you are we are you
know what's going on here
this is like a Mexican standoff but with
camera over fear it's funny that on our
hours off from vlogging
we're shooting small days well I just
killed it Brioni getting it the king
photographer now walk that way
you
go ahead I got it all this why don't
they won't pop Danny's turning Monaco
into a runway runway and you know it's
like oh my god that's some mad skills
you've got there Yanni benefit Agra feel
too hard you know what I'm gonna get on
the floor as well that's what real
photographers do I'm just lying on the
floor casually filming Jonnie Jonnie
okay I killed a game over shoot
photography blog thing
young I was meant to be working all day
and I ended up filming you guys alright
I'm going to go back to real work right
oh you're on that for you actually bin
or smoke we can try that again I was
going to do that but then the feisty
Cameron I forgot
hey Wow who's this girl
what happened here you look fantastic No
you have to try to look pretty
exactly hold on you turn this around
this is us going for the date night
concept yes which is really nice we're
going to start we're going selfie
camming and like but you know we're
going to have more date nights this year
I'm not used to selfie camming out let
we go much better yes we're going to go
for a date night 2 of a new hotel which
is one of the nice restaurants here so I
think since we're doing that we should
say good night don't you
yeah good night everyone yeah Bonnie a
live one we should just end it simple
with a we'll see you guys tomorrow and
God why should sort anything's nowadays
I don't know trying to get over front
row hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and
see you tomorrow again I told you that
already but yes bye techne bye bye we'll
see later ciao
