and we are back again we are in Monaco
and we're publishing on time with fun
new year right but before we get to
today a lot of things have happened
since we last saw you so let's just
start from the beginning and start where
we left you guys last time we went
surfing in tugga suit and had a great
time and we've been in Marrakesh looking
at where they make doors and all sorts
of cool things and we have been sucking
and we've hung out on the airport floor
knowing that we have to be back here
checking in in six six hours and we
still haven't gotten our bags from this
flight yay enjoy la for me please until
your lady
good job Morocco no thanks for this trip
so you can see in a couple days and now
it's finally time to try to get a little
sleep taxi for the airport arrives in
route four hours and this was kind of
the spin though supposed to go to an
airplane with us being on our way to LA
but if you check our instagrams you
might have seen that yani got really
sick and she was in the bathroom all
night before we're supposed to fight so
we're still here in Monaco we're sitting
here kind of hiding because it's really
windy and crappy weather so we needed to
get away from crashing waves and a lot
of wind but since it is crappy weather
and not much is going on I thought it'd
be a perfect time now with a new year to
talk a bit about life because we had a
lot of time to think when we're in
Monaco so here goes a vlog with what I
feel that I've learned over the last 20
years and what what goes on in my mind
at the moment so in Morocco we had a lot
of time to think we spent a lot of time
in cars and we got to meet a lot of
really smart successful inspiring people
and the one of them asked me a question
like but you know what what's the
long-term goal like what do you want it
what do you want to do in life what do
you want to do in five years and that
question kind of stuck to my head
because I didn't have a clear answer to
what do I want to do in five years and
my whole life I've been skiing and it's
been simple I had one goal and the only
goal in life was to ski and be the best
skier that I could be now I have a
million opportunities but I don't really
know what it is that I want to do in
life I think one of the problems is that
I'm so wired
since like I was a kid to perform
deliver do a million things and in all
this but if it's one thing I've learned
over the last 20 years is that the
result is not really it doesn't give me
much satisfaction it's like I win the X
Games and it's like man I don't get any
kick out of results I get kicked by
learning new things and getting better
at what I do and I think I need to start
realizing what it is that makes me happy
so maybe the result is not what I should
be focusing on but what new things that
could be learning if that makes sense
it's like if I go surfing I love that
because I'm constant
sucking but I'm learning it's like
you're enjoying something but at the
same time you're learning but if you're
just enjoying and then you also have the
aspect of like Zoar balling then it's
extreme enough where I like disconnect
everything so you have like two parts I
love crazy extreme stuff but it has to
be super extreme that makes me like ah
but I also love learning things so I got
to figure out how to plan and do stuff
where I learn and I don't just go to do
things that make sense mm-hmm for me
make sense yeah it's like I mean this
vlog is a lot about me talking a lot of
weird stuff but I'm just I think talking
to the camera makes me understand what I
appreciate so that's kind of like the
one thing I have realized when I was
writing I was writing down everything I
liked in life and I didn't like I think
learning it's like the number one thing
that makes me happy
excites you yeah it's like I learn
whatever random weird things and they
love working with my hands and you want
to throw me the bag I just want to show
you a good example like I'll do
something nice but if it's not extreme
it's like MA then when it comes to
learning and working with my hands like
okay this this is what I've been
traveling with for the last little trip
so I got really like into sipper pullers
and bags and I felt like it took really
a long time to get prototypes done on
factories so I'm like I need to learn
how to do these things at home so over
Christmas I was like I was learning how
to do super pullers so this is like a
shrinking plastic an old shoelace and
then I burnt them to make like a
connection Wow I thought it was only one
piece yeah so it's like I don't know and
then like look at this this was made on
the flight to Morocco I bought a
shoelace on the airport and I spent
three and a half hours looking at a
YouTube misdirection and trying to
figure out how to how to tie a paracord
only to realize that I saved the
instructions for kind of an ocular
paracord but I was really psyched when I
learnt it and then I made this little
guy I was trying to figure out how to
put some color on a luggage strap he's
nice as well I was doing this on the car
in Morocco and I got really fired up so
it's like I need to just start realizing
that these little weird things this
would be
a little metal part I bought it beat
Emma and then shrink plastic so like
I've realized that I love building doing
things with my hands I need to start
doing a lot more of that but I wanted to
show you two second it's windy and why
did that start raining but yeah I
thought this is like traveling around
with this sitting on an airplane I think
the lady next to me because I was doing
it tore it all apart redoing it like 20
times because I wanted to get it better
but I think that explains what I'm
trying to say pretty good just going
around stores finding things I can do
super polar some luggage tags but so
more building working with my hands and
like product development stuff so I
wrote I actually broke down a little
list I'm like I sat down I'm like
alright what do I want to do short term
that I think will make me a happier
person and I wrote it down and since I
have a memory like a goldfish I'm going
to look at my phone one the number one
thing that I've realized over the last
year I want to be in control of all the
projects in my life I want to feel that
I'm like working towards something I
want to do rather than like oh I'm
like a month late
I hate being too late on stuff and I
hate when I can't deliver what I said I
would
so being better at planning and staying
on top of my life dammit of course it
has to start raining well number two I
want to work out every single day I've
said that a million times but I it's
like how dumb can you brain be you feel
good when you work out so why don't you
work out but that is something I've done
it every day so far this year so
starting out right and number three I've
realized that I love doing laundry and
cleaning and then number four as I said
I want to design more things I want to
like go on YouTube and learn how to do
things that I can apply to the things I
want to do design more stuff basically
there's case running down the hill
challenges of vlogs when you're trying
to find a quiet place and you have a
rolling suitcase approaching anyway
number five I want to get better
planning so we have enough time to
develop the vlogs so that me and venire
have the time to sit down and think and
like figure stuff out it's like when we
have time we'll shoot more and then edit
more it would never have like ha what
should we do now what can we do so
that's one of the main things for this
year to really have the time to progress
figure out what we're gonna do and make
better vlogs and like getting pressed by
our own stuff and then of course
probably maybe the most important thing
is that I want to make sure that you
spend more time with Jionni
and just being the two of us being a
couple of relaxing and like not
overworking every single moment of the
year yeah it's your sense it's my fiance
and we need that more time together and
then if we move on to like the long-term
the big question what do you want to do
in life I don't really have answers but
I have things that I know that I want to
do and I'd say that the first one
probably the most important as well is
that I would want to find a way to live
a normal life Racing children holding a
home with Yanni and like probably travel
a bit less and have a dog you know like
clean the kitchen like I want to find a
more normal lifestyle at some point in
the future but I do love travelling too
it's like how do you mix those two but I
do know that I should start listening to
the fact that I love when I'm living a
normal life you have time when I have
time time is the key and everything and
then I've realized that I love designing
things like I said and I would want it
spend a lot more time designing things
rather than spending time on emails and
doing a lot of different things so I
need to figure out how to plan my time
so that I have more time to design
things even if it's furniture or houses
or Moroccan doors or zipper pullers or
things I just love creating and
designing so I want to spend more time
doing that and then I also realized that
as soon as there's a brand doing doesn't
matter what it is in what business
they're and I would love to start a
brand social media marketing consultancy
agency because I love like looking at a
brand and be like
but if you would do that in that man
that like that would be great so now I'm
just doing it for free to friends and
whoever I meet but but with the
knowledge that I have from being an
influencer building a brand and just
thinking thinking thinking I feel like I
have so much to offer a lot of brands
that it's one of my new business idea
ventures so that's something I want to
do more of and then when it comes to
vlogging I just want to feel that we
find a concept where we vlog and shoot
things that we want to do where we are
not like god it's raining we're at home
we said we would publish and it creates
a stress then you lose the joy of it
like like now even though it's raining
I like this vlog because I feel like I'm
saying something and I'm I'm not just
hopefully I can inspire someone what
we're saying we basically want to find a
concept where we I mean now Morocco is
perfect we did epic things for three
days in a row so we've filmed that and
then Yanni was doing nothing for two
days so I was able to do nothing with
her so figuring this out I think is the
key to keep enjoying what we do and I'm
already feeling the difference in just
openness and a lot yeah moppy moppy so I
know that a lot of people likes a lot of
action in the vlogs but I hope it's a
cave with a blog like this because I
know that if I could have met the 20
year old youn and told him kind of what
I'm starting to realize now at 35 the 20
year old youn what have really
appreciated this so hopefully I can
inspire a few people with the things
that I haven't really learned anything
but I'm understood that you know maybe
we're doing a lot of things that we
think we want to do instead of like
really thinking about what we wanted but
now I think it's time for a couple
questions from you guys because I love
questions that are not like when is Hans
2g showing up like I like the deeper
questions because then I get to think
see if I can add something so first
question when did you consider yourself
to a success
that is interesting because I think the
one thing that has driven me forward my
whole life is that I have never thought
of myself a success I've always been
worried like that whatever I was doing
that was working was gonna end real soon
so when I was able to buy the house with
Yanni in Spain the new one and then I'm
like I think my life seems to work out
so maybe I'm starting to feel that I'm a
success now although
no can't really answer because I don't
think it's all about finding the good
balance yeah
the success is happiness and if you're
able to buy cars that you're dreamed of
but you don't really care but you love
cleaning than what success success is
happiness question number two where do
you want to be based in the future and
raise your children
me and Yanni we've been talking about
this trying to figure out where we want
to live in the future and I would say
that we have two options Monaco or
Marbella and when I'm in Marbella I'm
like let's move here full-time and then
when I'm here I'm like oh no I want to
get a bigger apartment here some I love
both of them and we don't know but it'd
be one of those two question three how
can you start a business if you are
still a student and don't have much
money and you're afraid to lose the
Lilou you have I think the key with
starting any business is to first really
think about what you want to do and feel
like and analyze and then you have to
start on a mini scale I mean if you
don't have much money usually when you
start a business you suck so you got to
make sure that you are not jeopardizing
too much because that's with everything
in life the more you do it the better
you get so if you want to start a
business start making your own shoelaces
and creating a free web shop well if you
like it if you like it but I had to say
don't take too much risk in the first
ventures how much money do you invest
into douche bag I invested 4,600 euros
into starting douche bags so you can
spend much money into yeah I think they
can get big I mean I don't like I like
starting small taking whatever little
money I make and then building on top of
that so I don't like the risk and the
pressure with like if this does not work
I'm screwed both question what's your
biggest accomplishment in 2017 I would
have to say that I that's pretty easy
actually I got engaged my biggest
accomplishment was making a girl like
Yanni like me enough to say yes to my
proposal
simple simple as that when did you buy
your first supercar and what enable you
to do that
I bought my first supercar I think in
Gardo if that counts a supercar was in
2007 and well it was priced money and
ski sponsors that enabled me to do that
I took every single bit of euro I had
bought a yellow guy yarder so enough
what's according to you the essential
criteria for setting up a business plan
the way I look at any business is that I
look at what exists at the moment and
where I think there could be a hole in
the market usually whatever business
idea I get it's from realizing that
there's something that I'm missing in
that specific area
so with douchebags like was really
frustrated by the fact that there was no
good ski bags on the market so that I'm
like let's make the best ski bag in the
world and with that very business I do I
tend to start in that angle and not be
like all right everyone's make your
sunglasses let's make sunglasses if we
do it it needs to be with a tweak that's
different from what most people are
doing I tend to complicate things
because they have to be like really
fitting all the way but that's kind of
what I say is the most important
criteria for a new business and are you
doing any investment to maintain your
income when you don't ski anymore yeah I
mean so I have a stock portfolio but
that's on a very low risk investment
basis but then I would say most of the
investments I do of course then the
house in Marbella that was I bought the
house initially to make sure I didn't
have money to spend on cars so that was
like an investment and not being able to
spend it on stupid stuff and then I
guess when I invest in like you know
working with many having a filmer
working with Alexandre having a PA that
costs money and it is an investment kind
of in yourself to be able to use what
you're good at
use the time for for that and not try to
do everything yourself and then of
course douchebags like that that's where
I invest most of my energy and time I
think we go through yeah the thing is we
got like 400 good questions so my idea
is that we're gonna keep these ones here
and then we're gonna do another Q&A it
or p.m. tomorrow so that there because
there's so many good questions and I
think it's really interesting to answer
to them
so we'll do a bonus one tomorrow at 4
p.m. so check that out I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog it was good for us
since I've been a nurse I'm gonna get
back to nursing yani but now with the
new year being a new year we're gonna
make sure that the ending is correct in
every single language
so this is where Monaco we're gonna end
in French so we'll see you guys tomorrow
some say to polish Audrey
bleep er Vegard edema a cat fell on a
little Turkish - ha
ciao ciao ciao ciao got it what's the
French
