hello hello yes but you know what we
have to do first you have to say good
morning good morning
exactly huh yes I'm a hundred percent
ready to work out is it's super warm as
long as I don't have to fall on my butt
no okay let me grab my shoes and I'll be
right with you
where are my shoes no shoes huh that's
the only thing I don't have
cuz that's that I'm ready good right
you're not to wait for me
yeah admit that you expected to have to
like drag me out of the couch but I was
ready good I'm motivated you couldn't
find a bigger and high pot yeah maybe we
should get a small tripod for sometimes
I might like you want to do a Q&A and
stuff that's really big if it's really
good
yes totally worth it okay the mandatory
film in the mirror shot hi so what we
have shown we have a secret
from her house I don't think so
and here we are and here's the Sun and I
workout spot no we're doing better on
the trying to work out more often we did
it right I think we just need to be at
home from women ten seconds yeah we
almost thought it was good plan to go
too late tomorrow but then I had a
message that whistlers about to get so
it's maybe Whistler first and then LA
I'm in Japan today we're doing the
Athena if you want to know that we're
using you can check it out in
description you ready your workout start
workout
you
I gave us a star yeah if we completed it
with good form I think we did 7:33 whoo
that's why I love about these workouts
this one was seven minutes and 33
seconds but the last one winner and I
was like sore for two days
it's like the high intensity that I
think works oh but my butt hurts what
they called the bone
sounds cool thing on the bone and I'm
your ass that hurts it hurts good
initiative see this is how you get
motivation your team we're a good team
we're team team players
I have to car key Yanni's laughing at me
she says I'm a clumsy person I probably
disagree
it's so mean to call someone a clumsy
person hi
because I'm not a clumsy person oh no I
really don't like to be called clumsy
well you know you are no I'm not
seriously no follow the time you fall
just as much and like hit your knees on
the tables and I think so don't be mean
I'm not clumsy
I never said you're clumsy I'm not
clumsy either oh okay you slammed your
Nelson to me that's you know totally
lousy person
I'm not clumsy sometimes I try to be
efficient and fast I know what you're
okay big bucks
all right back to what we were gonna do
we were gonna sell or deliver the Lambo
I know how are you yes good nice you oh
nice to meet you yeah then I just come
out here and then you can follow me okay
super selling selling selling like your
dad said I took it as advice and then I
bought bought bought the opposite I
don't know Richard was by by by part of
the plan like you you only explained
this sell sell so far I think my my my
yeah I think so too
oh god what it have to be so dark in
here
oh great lights mamble the rolls you
have a life on the vine in the room
exactly
how does it feel last spin
like when you're just like chillin yeah
I will not miss it at all but when
you're hitting full gas then I might
miss it fingers crossed now no it's like
I own and I'm even thinking I got like
correct
no but I
I think I am where I am in life because
I'm never ever satisfied and I'm always
looking for the next thing so I think
that's why I don't feel too sad when I
sell things
all right last hundred meters
and then it's too cold to give me a
proper down shaft
no good thing we have a lot of video I
think we're just making a bigger deal
out of it than it actually is just being
a film camera like never in the past
have I ever been like oh that's dry but
this one was special this was the best
sports car I ever owned so you're gonna
miss it
No
got it
good job that is pretty tight that is
tight lupard alright thank you so much
what's the pleasure pleasure
good luck with the drive okay good luck
with the next one I will see you later
dear Lambo have fun be good to new
owners ciao ciao
no you be shocked if I cried yeah I'd be
highly shot me
No now that was perfect now we got
something productive done today that
feels really good except emails not to
but it's Friday so time oh yeah
I love Fridays it means no emails for 48
hours
yes yeah so that means I can catch up
woo no sleep for the wicked six book
baby Oh chuckles aww thank you
I cannot okay that's a little good job
yes
box race oh I got it okay looking great
no we're fine Oh receiver culture reboot
oh my god that was so much fun this is
the best yes is our guy always helping
us yes
all right we are out for one last
mission of the day the production
company Olson d√©lire is now going to
help moody with some pictures of his
store so we're gonna run production
company here today it's always for the
week and it's nice just to get out a
little it's good
miss ya look good cuz you're filming
have you been youtubing googling yeah I
have
I've been reading those comments by the
way uh yeah you know you know who I'm
pointing at we always read everything we
read everything yeah I think people that
watch our yeah watch it and comment I
don't think they see think that we see
everything no no we do we do some of you
are out there I guess you have a bit too
much time yeah we're just saying that we
are team production company right here
to be at your service
the team ever you need yeah maybe let's
eat first first and then maybe you can
help me out I need to take some pictures
yeah that's how I came up oh thanks yeah
of course
so you what are you looking at I'm
looking at the cupcakes I just ordered
them to tell I crap but I can't want to
go in and it's here Oh Sarah yes they're
waiting for you
that's like then cupcakes came on I can
come later it's the weekend was fine
which cupcakes should I get young
vanilla Oreo cupcake fill my hands
lifting this
I'm good at my vlogging tomorrow
tomorrow night I'm gonna wear a suit
we're going out for date nights now we
have date night oh very nice
yeah you want to come and film no we're
gonna come here and have a crap only I'm
gonna wear a suit and call it a day I'm
not gonna third wheel you guys okay I am
NOT gonna third wheel you
by the way I just want to clear
something up a lot of your comments
wanted to know if I was the new filmer I
am look I am NOT the new Killman uh I
was gonna be so disappointed I'm just
the friend of young who's helping out
with a pair of hands as best as I can
because as you can see because you're a
lot of people man I'm now you're gonna
give me a thousand gigabytes to go
through yeah exactly
okay now we're gonna stop filming oh you
can spin back to the house well RIS been
okay but I'm gonna make all of this fall
back no wait wait I have another one for
you yeah go like this and like hit the
ones not too hard
and once you do it we're out this is my
first time doing this oh how sick loves
to sing I hope I got that I got that oh
you got it yeah at least we got it on
one camera yes but as you can see all
right we go again so such a sick array
see crazy night crazy crazy weather out
there
but as you see it's dark it's late and I
think it's time for us to say good night
for today and if anything is caught on
this thing here it'll come right after
the chow
which I'm not gonna cup today actually
bet they cut it today sorry oh my god
behind you oh this guy got it yeah whoa
that's okay now we're in ended so I can
watch that instead we're gonna say good
night or of our utter mount and born to
me and we'll see you guys tomorrow
ciao Oh check out let's check this out
okay
you
