good morning guys
I think this is why I love having a vlog
get up in the morning pack up my little
gear set up here and then go down to the
beach and shoot beautiful things I've
realized that I think editing and
shooting stuff is really what I enjoy
with a blog I mean being in front of the
camera I guess you gotta kind of be that
if you have a vlog but I truly truly
enjoy shooting stuff I mean I've been
looking at these birds for like an hour
trying to predict which bird is going to
take off and land to try to get the shot
and I love it
so yeah this is how I start my morning
you have a beautiful day going on here
we have my little setup here shooting
long-lens always makes things more fun
and of course the morning coffee what is
life without a morning coffee so I hope
you guys will excuse couple more birds
than a daily vlog should contain but
when you're in Monaco well it's verts
we've got but I promise I'll continue
trying to shoot like this once we travel
the world because I really like getting
these shots that's what makes me excited
and then going home and editing and
that's what I enjoy there we go extra
battery you ready to go you ready to go
and potentially get in the car all right
you guys want to come along see if we
can find one of those find one of those
Rolls Royces
maybe I hate the car
no I don't think so yeah so I have to
throw my hand when I open the door
like wow thank you
this the door just called opening the
door yeah I need some more practice oh
wait wait wait wait wait quickly there
you go the cutter real quick there you
go
how's it going done
Jonnie Jonnie doesn't solve guys going
oh yeah Devon mm stay steady
oh you're not read riving anywhere is
the guy coming I don't know let's just
take it
thank the thought so young guys young
guy your hardware you goes with you okay
cool I love the doors like this
everybody ready
there's your even the button to close
the door Oh see that's what I'm talking
about
alright we have the key there we have
start stops where's the hip-hop hip-hop
let me try and set this up it really is
a huge car is it what I mean it's
different to drive this than anything
else it's so quiet feels like feels like
we're on a boat in a boat excuse playing
it's an honorable tour in abalone
involved I'm on a boat cut down the
window slightly and slowly Bob our head
in a menacing way my ass above your head
slowly not to be intimidating how does
it feel
are you impression pretty freakin great
to be honest really it's different to
drive this than anything else you have
this huge hood and it's just quiet and
smooth and I agree from the back yeah
well you haven't floored it yet no
that's that's why I wanted to take it
out I do something right here the first
impression yeah first impression great I
love it I agree
this is where that laferrari crash yeah
no luxury let's not do a lot for our
young people to bring out some power
look at how many dogs we hate you that's
right yeah
okay great you know I hate radars blue
police control it's good news very good
it means we're safe use their there
we're here alright we are about to enter
the highway which I guess is the you
know the real siding part yeah cuz I've
never been in one of these on a highway
you're more than a hundred let's go
Oh oh my god I feel like up in the Lambo
what just happened you and I don't know
but we were going way too quick
what was that terrible filming skills
right there all right like I would
probably drive this car faster than the
Lambo on a highway because it handles
the bad roads better I got to say I'm
impressed
like highly impressed and course you're
not impressing that awesome
what do you think Johnny Fox right right
I like it I like the food
that is great makes such a nice and
thoughtful noise get up burn it up like
even try
okay for driving long distance this is
girl choice eats the Lambo every day of
the week okay
I'm 100% on us I am mega impressed by
the highway capabilities of this car it
makes you want to do gumball and go like
mega Pam do you think this would drift
well well once it's in my name we'll
find out I don't think it's that nice
it'll drift but I'm high right I think
it I think it could drift quite well why
are you slowing down let me go alright
floor
your heart is in your throat how does
your back feel fantastic now I don't
have to put like dirty laundry in my
lumbar support every time I travel my
back feels terrible because I'm like
twisting to film this but a lot of the
life of a filter yeah to be the DJ today
and just play him up go for because
because you're buying a Rolls Royce
we're looking good we're looking good
no big no no no like I oh I'm filming my
hand turning up the volume zooms in the
whole time
okay well now you learned how to zoom it
out is that easier why does it always do
min when I film because you push the
lens
oh so are you no problem sorry thien's
viewers I'm still learning this whole
photography 20 minutes on the highway
and I have to say that I'm kind of blown
away by this car I thought I was buying
like a cool comfortable spacious car but
after having been on the highway there
isn't many sports cars that I'd rather
take than this one because it has this
crazy combination of space and speed and
controlling everything
there we go police yes we're being
stopped by the police I'm filming as
long as I can okay as ubicool keep he
like Superman or yeah whatever you could
just looked at his face and said okay
you guys go yeah that was good because I
do not have either paper or Drive a
choices with so it's good to be stopped
by the cops get your hearts going yeah
I'm gonna get this shot I can't get it I
can't get it you're kind of getting it
right and you can selling them I'm
Canadian so you're gonna sue them oh my
zoom it just once
but ready look at the camera
drop it okay so today you learned how to
zoom what are you going to learn
tomorrow
I don't like learns that I should film
my hand when I open the door
or turn up the volume yeah exactly
little things like that you have to get
used to it return right here no go
straight yeah
straighter right straight right Yeah
right I don't think straight would have
been such a good idea I really hate to
say it but I just I just fell in love
you named your car I I named my cars in
the past like how do you name your car
my first thought an idea was like head
like our Olga or some like that why I
don't know disguise from Britain Great
Britain you should call it George George
okay George
what was the McLaren uh Helena Helena
yeah we had a thing but we had a love
affair
I used to comfort her after those long
rides if you know what I mean are you
sure that I know how this song comes on
just as I said that
imagine how good the vlogs would be if
we could put any money from your I
didn't even know that you couldn't used
any film you wanted to and making music
a lot trickier oh yeah if you can do
anything it's so easy imagine if you
just like to scroll this alone I'm
dealing with the zoom again yeah that's
tough complicated and because my hand
keeps on like zooming in
okay now we're good you're good yep so
you and what do you feel what are you
thinking I'll let you know once we
pulled over all right beautiful
I'm Valerie Roy's owner okay it was just
like going on the highway I'm like oh my
god it's like you know it's like a cloud
like this and then when you hit the gas
yeah you look like you've said we didn't
go fast at all it's not at all no but
fantastic I love it Thank You pops and
you can bring your friends no we need
getting it yes 100% I know this is the
part that hurts right no it doesn't hurt
not after that drive it doesn't hurt you
are you sure yeah I feel fantastic
you just got to not look at statements
just go on just go on then you work
harder let me go again that's how I used
to do it seven years ago I didn't check
my account for a year and then it
stopped working
yeah like then I didn't make much money
but I was good at spending still sure
signature here here nice versus human
being a different men
my first role Troy signature yeah focus
up here like don't text when I'm signing
okay you ready hold your breath
yeah nice one nice so now you have a
role Troy you ready would've thought
high five you're a changed man now build
the same stupid how do you feel like
five minutes ago only for this is it
flame oh thank you so much we really
appreciate the help you thank you enjoy
George I said it's yours but you are Jo
just gonna get some ma cosmetic cosmetic
surgery here real soon yes he's going to
do a face dress plan
not he's on front I'll jump in here with
the missus I feel like we're going on a
date night and have our support
I love the Stars it might be cheesy but
I still love them it's like an
experience just good in the back here
right yeah like fantastic and on it and
I think once we remove the exhaust
system then it'll be good for sound too
yeah so much okay thank you we'll see
you soon
million thing now people cool Susa thank
you so much I feel asleep associated all
the help all right
I want to miss her already or him George
hi thank you see in a little George but
George is going to go get a check up
with the doctor to make sure he's
feeling all good before we take delivery
and then we're going to start sighs face
transplant plastic surgery
so happy no George Harlan surgery let's
go celebrate with some food yeah whoops
double are at the double okay thank you
that was great it may have to finish
that place congratulation here thank you
Bon Appetit maximal Commission Oh
ready we are ready what do you want to
do mr. Fillmore I'm going to spin you
want a spin oh yeah you will expand your
blogging skills spinning I'm going to
spin send away the first time ready
it happen to be really fast right yeah
okay lightning sorry and we are back
home and now we are just going to say
good night because I know this would be
the longest war we've ever made I'm
sorry about that but no he just loved
shooting so yes we'll be back with a
more normal length vlog tomorrow
hey go oh yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I'm super excited I love
the car and I am gonna thirty mailing to
start give me Georgia facelift or a nice
sorry Justine ballad yeah
but yeah let's just leave as that I will
come back tomorrow okay chat more see
you guys tomorrow hope you guys enjoyed
it and one in your bar it odd amount it
tchau tchau
