all right I guess it's time to say good
morning again in my name although it is
not really morning we thought we
deserved a bit more chill time today we
were chilling at home cleaning a bit and
now we are going to go and pick up the
Lambo because I need to do a couple
things on it before it is being
delivered nice and sunny kind of crappy
this morning
exactly it's really warm yeah that must
be one
yeah no Sun means no beautiful b-roll
morning shooting which is like the
favorite part of my day
oh he's not what do you think good what
about this guy normal
I kind of agree it's really nice but do
normal for you at me cuz I am not normal
I guess I should probably give you guys
an update with all the car talks I
should probably let you know that I
found two cars in Germany just kind of
looking over options right now but I
hope to hope the close to deal real soon
look who we're spotting
holiday party worth up yep
thank you have a cookie yeah tt no they
call you the surfer here like a Concord
I like Trina surfer yeah they feel from
far as all the surfers coming like a
surfer setting up here okay yeah exactly
yeah no server you're now on pepper
thank you Oh beautiful heart I did it
hello coffee I think it's time to go
show Yanni that beautiful red car and
push hurt by it
I was just telling moody that whenever
someone new is on the blog and they have
a cool car everyone wants to know what
they do yeah I you make women look good
I'm working fashion and then you make it
be oh that is why Yanni's firm to do
forgive this bag I am drinking because
you're a boring best bag I've seen today
what is the brand sorry have Yanni's
life is that we are drinking so much
eonni this is math new one yeah I love
it
you want to take it for a spin later of
course the window maker cool how did you
know that I know I'm into cars and stuff
so yeah II knew that this is called I
think this was a conspiracy among
YouTube oh I had one of these before
Matt you it's a GT - she - the widow
makes it is a sick card for Porsche on
the porch I say we we continue away from
the sports cars and go look at cars that
are but I like I think well me too I
love that car you ready honey
I'm seriously thinking that she should
buy it like it does not get better go
Yanni go
Yanni
how does it feel really good right yeah
jump in you
good
and then it's probably the best car you
can find apart
yeah why not we could see a Gina you can
park anywhere alright everyone's like if
I can find a Lambo
I want this set we found another great
bag shows we're gonna have a quick look
at it we always get sidetracked from the
detours whenever we do stuff it needs an
exhaust that is a must
and a rap and wheelset open though
pretty nice the gray a little more like
I mean not like on this car yeah I
actually like it do you wanna be a
filmer for a second sure you did such a
good job yesterday so Yun what do you
feel good turnin event
I love the starlight look at those stars
great feet for the black logo and then
the brown trim the sort of in addition
inspired by Sam yeah that's what I
thought I recognized so how do you feel
is it comfortable
is it more comfortable than your other
cars what do you think Johnny and when I
first started looking at role sense of
like our light but now when I have it I
love it teach it how do i film backwards
you turn your hump the new filmer of jo
videobook unqualified totally
unqualified no way we all I have to do
the bad luck to open an umbrella in a
party yes they'll do it we're happy to
you didn't know they were in there no
idea
nice oh I love the things women
appreciate so much all right
turn it off one so we can see if this
guy goes up or down
ooh I like that detail oh it is and I
think for ground spec color is a good
color
anyway already too many change the color
but it's just good to have so conclusion
is that we are going to test-drive it
tomorrow I was kind of like say I wanted
to take all right let's get it but then
I'm like no you buy a car you should
test drive I really think you should
just get it you think
okay boys okay like I'm tipping I'm like
like that okay no test-drive and then
we'll check but yeah we're looking good
yeah this looks good yes this really is
that way I can be the one could start
defining the camera tomorrow and the
okay no yeah we're not talking about
that we're not talking about how did you
guys get this down here hi Crispin
probably go get it off
Johnny you want to drive it out and well
it sure is two different cars with their
old which is different but I think with
a bit of camouflage treatment on the
rolls it should be good you're compacted
together Andrew yeah and then we took
the yes yeah
actually do you want to take the camera
I'm tilma from your car excellent do up
he's a nice guy
he's a very nice guy I think it's a
little crazy when you look at the video
or was it yeah but when you meet him
he's a sweetheart
hope he doesn't touch the rim yeah is
all right
yeah you and Skaar gets a lot of
attention
oh well last time we're going to hear
this sound
what do you think about the sound
amateur filming Awards
UHN
how was it the last time driving it I
mean even tomorrow as well it do
completely different things and both are
good
that's we said work harder and get it
all I'll do a proper goodbye once really
goodbye how are you saying goodbye to
your cars
do you feel sad no you cry no never
other rebellion was a bit sad difficult
years to build but that's that it's like
someone wants to buy myself a new I just
gave Yanni my official offer I'll go
half half on with her on this one well
you know the thing you and you can't let
girls hey well she can't rip in it
hahaha hahaha one of these days we're
going to take it out you're going to
drive it you look it looks like it's
made for you right
like see you soon thanks for hanging out
with us unemployed blogger blogger
people Joe
can you imagine the rolls with a bit of
customization it's so hard they're two
different cars oh and I miss it oh yes
the no I always love new experiences yes
I want to build another one of these so
I am going to miss the sound but having
space in the back seat like space in
general that is something I really look
over to that film at 40 hello gentlemen
I don't know if it's the right car
hahaha Oh who's the right one that's
what I submit on look at this - jeez
another hotel
in yourself
oh yeah but why could they not like
remove these edges they're just there to
break rim I could just mean maybe they
collaborate with a rim company I don't
know really I've never seen an ice core
and want to go without scratched room
really so high going up garage
the spiral is like heart attack style
shows if you can drive or not yeah you
can I feel hated no I'm not a garage gun
I'm a tried were not a garage you
managed yeah it's the last time we put
her into this garage depends on tomorrow
yeah it's really bumped it up yeah we'll
just come back up in the apartment again
oh I was playing on my computer editing
today's vlog when I realized we do not
have an ending for today's vlog no but
yeah we're going to end today's vlog
before we do I have a couple things one
I want to thank everyone for all the
feedback on the intro of today's vlog
it's really fun to see that kind of
feedback when you get up at 4:30 Isham
and do it but I really have to say that
I love shooting it so hopefully we have
some beautiful sunrise tomorrow through
the weekend
she's got two more birds yeah number two
I'd love to know what you guys think
about length on the blogs are they good
the way they are shorter or longer let
me know because I shoot enough to make
40 minute vlogs and we probably
shouldn't do that so it'd be great air
some feedback on length oh and number
three I realize looking at the footage
that it makes the rolls look mega lame
but I don't look at the rolls the way it
does look now I look at what I have up
in here and I promise you it does not
look anything it's going to look out of
this world so on yeah don't judge the
roll speed bone-stock when you compare
it to like a mega tuned Lambo so we can
just kind of skip the comments like now
keep the Lambo do they know those are
coming I know you guys so yeah they're
with me I promise you're going to like
what we have going you might think I'm
an idiot but it'll be entertaining wait
for it just wait for it it's going to be
good so with that said we are
and everything now we are and say boner
e or e VAR y adem√°s and we will see you
guys tomorrow
when we possibly buy a Rolls yeah yeah
