good morning guten morgen how are you
I'm good
we've had a riches or Sunday morning
like cleaning the place having lots of
coffee and not working out well
organizing everything trying to figure
out where to go nuts and when in one I
want to go skiing and a lot of powder
some checking like all the different
good weather destinations and preparing
Yannick for powder I like this
the normal P like powder yeah but yeah
that that's been our morning which has
been really nice because we haven't had
a good Sunday morning when did we have a
Sunday morning today together left a
month and a half ago his never and your
hair looks amazing so it's still okay
yeah oh that's a really good job that's
good to hear
so if you're happy I'm happy yeah what's
really today everything is closed it's
fun day it's nice weather it's maybe we
should just like before walk yeah what
up or maybe go and buy some food so we
can make something good for dinner
tonight
that sounds like a good plan as well
maybe you can show them what you cook
okay volunteers because well cook a meal
for us yes vegetarian this is all
garbage then I figured I was consider
here to go and take one but who's going
to fill up the problem let's take it all
no there's nothing I can do it okay
well why sniffing why do I always enjoy
making a challenge of the everything
advice almost well Oh a night weather
today
yeah and it just like you nice one is
the one day that we are tired of want to
have it could have brain today
I know perfect high five okay so there
we go and I grab her yeah
ah I don't think we can exit there again
oh now it's open okay now let's say
outside wall is still funny I know honey
I don't have any phones I lost gold mine
really I'm such a clumsy person you know
yeah when you see a car spotter you
should only see what the car spotter is
plotting the nice car
yeah everything that's special is nice
yes correct like me for sure yeah I saw
you I saw a person with the camera and
then I figure there must be something
nice then there they just need to lower
it a bit more that's the only thing but
it's a loud car yeah I've seen it before
that one is so loud though I hear it
every morning when it shows up so good
alarm clock well enjoy help you see you
more cool cars so you tell Joe Monaco
generate as good as it gets I would say
I think today we're going to try to be a
couple years couples can get like
morning chill couples walk cooking at
home and moving up yeah
hold on before we go shopping just a
little slice yeah but you know you got
to take things slowly like we're sure we
just buy that whole thing and I took
food tonight no sir that's funny we said
yesterday no more pizza yeah this ah
okay
absolutely okay that was part of happy
now you know I'll be happy once this
thing is in my belly give me two seconds
I'll be right back Thomas it's going to
be free to watch were you inspired by
the pizza so I went for nuts instead
or should I go for some kids you know
what I would take I need a camera strap
yes only you're going to get a camera
strap it's hard to walk around you
three-second rule I'll have an eight
time interval you know what I think
about when I walk past these boats good
summer we're going to hijack your dad's
boat and just level not formentera
nine days and then maybe saw three good
yeah so just make sure to book the boat
for that Richard that'd be great just
thank you it is but yeah like when you
start to feel that it's a bit warm in
the air and you see boats and then I saw
in your dad's into the story this
morning yeah
so yeah if you haven't followed Yanni's
dad is the story you kind of need to do
it cuz he he is a funny dude so link in
the description make him real happy with
us so we can go on the boat
mm-hmm
oh sure what my daddy set up oh yeah
what fix it so I love this nerve because
it's like real dark too even if you're
pale and weak solution drills hand so we
managed to get all the way with
organizing and cleaning but kitchen is
still my wardrobe because someone's
total the wardrobe space let's look at
this
I feel good inside when my place is
clean our place is clean
welcome to the first cooking with Alton
we are going to kick this show off with
a two course meal we have a shimmer
short and we also have a vegetable mix
with some beans in it so I'm going to
get to it and show you one of our
favorite dishes we're going to start by
turning on the oven and for the
vegetable mix I like to use two camps
because that makes the process quicker
and as you know I'm all about efficiency
we start out with half of zucchini
perfect
we're going to cut the onion and if
anyone has some opinion on how I cut
onion you're wrong because I have the
best way because I have a cooking show
and third up is a little bit of red
pepper oh yeah washing her all right
Elmer you're not supposed to talk it's a
serious cooking show now you can be
serious I'm not much for recipes I like
to just free seller things to put a
little bit of olive oil in in there and
then come the smart thing and the way I
do it is that instead of cutting it over
there and then spilling everything
around the whole kitchen I simply just
cut it here over the pan I choose I want
Oh long okay watch the broccoli before
and make sure your pants not so hot
really
and it creates less vision which is
always a bonus when you're cooking and
then of course the ever-important garlic
you feel the smell so now we are going
to start with the other vegetables so
please jump in here if there's more
space with a broccoli nothing better
than a bit of garlic smell and I almost
forgot we have a bit of mushroom always
should have but Annette I actually
started making this dish when I was a
vegetarian for 45 days about a year ago
then I wanted to find something that I
saw was good and healthy and I ended up
doing this like every day for 20 days
straight but the key ingredients for
this whole thing is this being mixed
it's a chili mixed bean mix which also
has a bit of juice in it so it's really
I think the beans really give a lot of
important texture and taste to a
vegetarian meal is a lot of different
beans for the great little salty stuff
so while that does that we are going to
dig into dish number two which is
chevre short a favor though both me and
Yanni
pre-made chicken which makes the whole
cooking process quicker then we're going
to dig into the chevre which is always
always a pain in the ass to cut because
it gets stuck on the knife but I think
with a little bit of water on the knife
it helps to not get as much look because
if you can keep them round your meal is
going to look much better and then we
have the beet roots it's pretty
interesting actually
I don't like beetroot and I don't like
chevre but the two combined it's
important to make the slices pre thing
here makes it much much better that and
then comes the round nice chevre slices
and before I put it into the oven
we have the magic ingredients of honey I
prefer quite a bit of honey I think that
just that makes it better we are ready
to put this thing in the oven every day
we should have prepared a slightly
better light for this cooking show but
this is what yep so by the time you have
set the table
your sugar shorts should be just about
getting ready so I say we check back in
there and see if we can complete this
meal mom still has a little bit to go
but while that heats up we are going to
put the finishing touches on something
very important the pine nuts on top of
the ship are short so I think the Chevy
short should be about done l oh okay
quickly Oh too quickly I'm sorry like
two minutes ago I was nothing wow wow
hi I'm such a terrible TV chef why don't
we have like the proper glove dad take
two so we're going to miss this left guy
here little burns but this one
perfective and then top it off perfect
and now we are almost ready to serve one
final detail to go there we go and run
up not enough space from the plate for
vegetables and fall them ah there we go
we're going to start with one so we have
a bit of space for the vegetables so I
can show you the final touch what makes
the vegetables even better a little bit
of parmesan and the final touch a little
bit of sesame seed on the top there we
go so I say that now when we have this
we can conclude the Olsson cooking show
and get back to filming normally when I
can actually talk to you yummy yes this
line it may be really terrible idea
yeah why did you want that well I was
supposed to be a cooking show and in the
cooking show you don't talk to the film
it was painful yeah super bacon
so whoever I've had so many comments
like hey you should hire a filmer that
is just a filmer not a character and you
know that doesn't talk and from an hour
of this I realized that is not an option
I didn't like the idea before but now
you really hate it you meet if I hire a
filmer it's going to be someone that we
want to hang out wouldn't talk to yeah
right yeah cool well we're going to say
that this tastes good because I know it
tastes good so we don't needed to try it
but you can find the recipe in the
description below if you want to try it
out I love it fantastic especially the
bean mix vegetarian super healthy and
extreme
good I agree and then this is just a
nice little extra yes so with that I say
we conclude today's video and put on
some good TV show and continue our
lovely couple stay here and just yeah
continue or something yes nothing out
yeah hang out exactly yeah and then
we'll be back tomorrow and then we're
going to try to figure out how to make
our lives may be slightly more eventful
than being a couple chillin on the couch
all night yeah but we all need that
sometimes that we do it's been a
wonderful day
I agree but we need a plan so we don't
have that for three more weeks for that
well see you guys tomorrow that we will
automatically Mel and I hope you liked
our cooking show okay ciao good night
chef
