hanno guten morgen morning hello miss
Jana you've been away from the Lord for
a long time yeah okay good it's been
busy let's have a coffee yes oh it is
safe to say that I feel the jetlag today
it is what time is it now like punished
so it's like 1 o'clock in the morning la
time oh yeah
I need like a triple coffee but it's
good that you're back get it you're back
really really good hold on I'm trying to
open the coffee and hold the camera at
the same time actually vol I do that
let's uh let's show and yannis got the
bag yesterday yeah are you curious yeah
happy 1 million thank you do you have
any idea what it is no I guess it's a
good Chi bag so you think I know what it
is
no wow no cool oh cool
all right thanks I know you wanted a
mini backpack I thought that was really
cool cute really approved hmm I like
this me too I'm going to wear it
tomorrow alright well now we're going to
put this down and come back tomorrow
team fired out out thank God I think I
did pretty good yeah so we're gonna have
a coffee and then try to get smart yes
please I've been influenced by Riley of
not putting coffee at home let's all we
start today take our bread new pans and
spill some culture whoa I think that now
that I've been away
a month we need to have meal time maybe
I got more than one bar you did I
already checked this is yeah I think
thing I'm becoming as popular as you I
think you becoming even more popular
okay concept name yummy biliary okay
let's put yours here and then we should
open them on mail time - Oh yummy no way
you have more yeah I think you have the
big one this looks like me yes we're
getting my black one - you're so curious
I know I love packages okay let's see
from Tomah Danielson we are about to
find up the people like may fine I think
so
do you like mealtime I know Mikaela
likes it yeah Oh Oh does not love new
socks
SuperDuper socks oh well Oh Thomas
Danielson you're today's hero nothing
better than new socks I love going to
H&M and just buying multiple socks but
these are way way cooler they have a
moose on them nice I was just like I was
so jealous of Riley cuz he gets a bunch
of free socks from Stan's nice old sock
drawer is all brand new socks nice but
now I'm like okay so I don't care if
people like mailtime I like a open nuts
reinventing this big guy caution
Go Go Pro no a big black box in the back
careful it's in the back whatever is
inside well I can feel that it's heavy
oh I really like melt I can look at this
it what's in here
you can never have too many go for
accessors yeah I mean now that I'm like
almost an actual sport athlete again we
do lots of filming then these are super
nice because I must the batteries for my
hero 5 step to Hero 5 but no batteries
thank you GoPro ah I like you nice nice
very very nice now I can have all Hero 5
instead of my old here for actually
let's do a giveaway really let's give
away my hero 4 because since I got new
stuff than I you think we should be nice
and give back hoo yah me on YouTube Oh
hmm hmm should we say that whoever
managed to write a comment that gets the
most likes on this post wins the GoPro 4
yeah okay is that a good thing I didn't
give one all right good luck see how
creative you can be yes I'm gonna try to
not like any comment or comments on
anything so that helps them get higher
up yeah so it's all up to you okay next
one okay this smell town started really
really see what this is charm mice Lake
men's underwear ah someone things you
need new underwear somewhere not
predicting that I'm gonna have back
problems that's fine well because when I
back problems I go to the chiropractor
okay I'll run around the time nice well
Jonnie approve yes I kind of maybe think
I know anything
oh oh oh you got the youtuber hundred
gay is it nice woo little late maybe
look happy because they know I have to
twist it like this no there you go what
happened because what don't know if you
won't have a thumbnail or something well
100,000 is a little late yeah well
Marcus this is for you just as much as
it is for me yeah I'm going to try to
keep continuing holding the torch credit
where credit is due
Yanni is my mail time over No
yeah she won't open I don't know should
I open yeah let's make a quickie well we
are going to make this a fast-forward
male opening things revealed by this by
naughty right Oh cute cool bar that's
right oh nice
this jacket is so cool how nice try it
on
oh my god it's not real fur for you we
wonder so Brian called Soros that's cool
all right
Bombur blue hood jacket yeah okay so I
hope you guys enjoyed our mail time and
we'll see you later on
hello
Doreen look who I was like that's the
big camera see you French TV all night
really for me oh but then we have triple
camera today then little black textured
jealous owner and you're full you Jodie
Sweetin youtuber
yeah like a book it's like a little bit
of everything well so Frankie Tahoe want
a no xuxa ponch should be pro fatigue
age evade the Los Angeles yeah so
Francis DTC no Chaudhary serve emoji a
pleasure look what a bit yes okay get
out I brought up the camera because I
know we were walking by that ah I think
that's one of the ones that are for sale
but I do think all of these are brand
new and I'm trying to stay away from
brand new that's the problem you live in
monarch when you walk by this every
morning see that white interior I want
white interior I alive
why does it have to be some day tomorrow
expensive what you think about the blue
there's a couple blue for sale really
well probably wrasse but anyway so
you're supporting yeah that matches
really nicely
right ok we'll come back to that later
we're going to have a couple's weekend
and not talked about cars all weekend I
was a dumb question what do you think
about blue
it's funny every time we kind of monoco
the first thing we do is go to spare and
eat i'll get your food look at this
/ - call dr. Oni grab them yeah
my Bedouins it could be yeah my good
we're putting we'll call it that yeah
fantastic and the way you get we found
out our union is followers everyone's
good it was good
so for those who doesn't know ox but he
doesn't have instagrams we can't link it
now he's a buddy of ours from Monaco I'm
not really into that Instagram stuff is
what we do we have business together
that we're working on yeah we played
together we eat together yeah this is
his wife I'm in time and y'all need to
taste a millionfold
yes in case anyone missed that yeah all
this is good
felonies you will end up with a
recommendation need a spare and Monaco
and Metropole
okay there's always our go-to place when
we go to my home thank you for this out
okay but now more crosses I'm not gonna
pudding yeah my kind of encoding the
Swedish screwed up okay I wanna eat
enough to tell tomorrow always up yet
like a hug they don't a fish it that we
don't hug enough on the blog only hold
it on the blog look you soon
super my let's get some grocery so
we can cook some food or not okay we're
done with the pizza yes I'm not even
like that's the only positive side with
Marcus to come to do something else that
less pizza and maximum no ice cream
Spanish omelette
milk
what is happening with the web bar
oh come on monocle has it's been a home
away from the rain it's time is it it is
that time I mean we are going through so
much change nowadays that I figured that
one thing that should change is my hair
so since I can never booked an
appointment I'm going to cut my own hair
come let's make the first cut okay so
how are short should I go like I know
this is the no super warm but lengthwise
I like it when it's pretty short
what I do a little preppy guy oh my God
look at you we put it right now hold on
to you the brush do we have a cold no I
never use that use it god this is so
overdue every time I've seen the log I'm
like oh no they grew so fat yeah it's
like it's been nice being on ski
vacation because then you have helmet on
yeah okay how much is to the first cup
right there is that good
I hate something now it now nervous now
do it you ready ready
like right there yeah yeah oh we're good
yes find a little more disorder oh look
at your hair so no aah oh my god he
looks like I don't know oh my god hello
no no change it quickly you know how to
do this
my mom used to cut my hair when we were
kids so I kind of watch what she was
doing yeah and then I've done it a you
know a few times myself it's been a long
time but I kind of like cutting here I
like to try to think I'm not
multi-talented yeah and we'll check back
in an hour to see if this works out it
or if I need to go to the hairdresser
tomorrow
okay I have full confidence good luck
okay I always feel like that everyone
that washes this that the hairdresser is
going to think of a complete idiot why
don't you get good description because
then you're going to make an appointment
and you get a plan you're going to wait
so then you don't notice the hairdresser
is good or not at least if it's bad now
I have no one to blame
so hard in the back I think this kind of
shows how impatient I am when I want a
haircut I want it now
I don't know oh wow
not bad right looks good good job nine
not bad right for being tough on myself
no I'm super impressed I'm still I'm
sure the back here because I get room no
it looks really good I got real tired my
shoulders and then I was like aha
can I be done already oh it looks pretty
good so I don't need to go to the
hairdresser tomorrow no you don't right
or do it no you don't ok leave a comment
below it but no actually we have another
comment to win the GoPro so don't mind I
was lucky in that case I say we should
end the vlog right now because I think
I'll need a couple extra hours to get
into editing mode but before we end it I
would like to say thank you because I've
been reading comments on yesterday's
vlog and I just want to say thank you to
everyone for being so positive and yeah
understanding with Marcos position so I
wanted to take a woman and say thank you
I really appreciate it and I'm sure to
mark this dose as well I'm sure I can
so with that said we're going to end the
vlog and we are going to clean the
apartment and we will check back
tomorrow again we will okay Wow
oh yeah yeah that's true almost forgot
yeah that's the jet lag talking I guess
I'm little tired and yeah tight in the
brain from flying across time zones so
aurevoir bode the other bomb and I
already have to say ciao check out
serious tomorrow
