are you ready for this I am ready I'm
always ready I can use the phone I guess
which start by saying good morning we're
still here at Amsterdam Airport and
today is not a normal good morning
because it's also a good bye good
morning it is because today it's the
last day the market is going to be a
part of team overkill unfortunately yeah
for some of you it's really sad I mean
for all of us
yeah but I mean I'll just leave the word
to you so you can explain what you're
thinking and yeah why this is the last
day between were killed
so as we told you guys in yesterday's
vlog I'm going home to Bergen mu is
going to meet tomorrow and but this time
it's not going to be a normal break it's
going to be a longer break and if or
when I'll ever be back we haven't
planned anything of that but I'm not
going to be part of the vlog anymore and
the reason for that is mostly the
I wanna be at home with my family and
friends more I love to travel and I love
everything we've done and I'm super
grateful for everything that's me and
you Vanessa song together but not all
the time has come for me to on the
things be more at home and maybe turn
the temple sound five percent so that's
kind of where I'm coming from
of course you know Athena the dog
himself he's been killing it lately by
zone you're gonna get some help
probably you have 3,000 people it won't
help you so luckily we have someone
lined up but it's also good that I've
been doing this for long enough now
where I can do it by myself
the hard part is that I don't have the
time to do all the other stuff I want to
do so you know me I want to do things
like 400% and for some reason I have an
energies that can last forever of going
110 percent like never slowing down yeah
so yeah we're going to try to figure
that out but I mean step one for me is
to go home beyond eat and hang out with
her yeah and I mean look yeah we've had
an you can do folks with Jani in there
yeah
greatly appreciated by the viewers as
well you know the biggest problem we
have is now that we don't have two
people to carry camera gear and use that
my carry on its mouth 30 kilos the
double computers and all the cameras and
everything he does yes it's sad it is
sad and it's weird in a way but I feel
that it's a change that was going to
have some some time anyway and I think
that the timing is right now and it's
hard for me to explain why and like the
actual reasons are like it's it's not a
secret and it's not like
you know the viewers they're almost
bought yeah I could figure it out nollie
even like it's jealousy with Jana me or
like whatever except the reasons we're
going to be in the comment section for
sure that's going to be common so it's a
financial dispute playa it's nothing
like we have not discussed money in this
matter whatsoever
so for me at all in Tenma it'd be nice
just to like let's focus comment wise on
something positive and not try to find
out the bigger reason behind it should
like three things any bigger reason and
we're still friends
we're probably going to meet up do stuff
whatever comes our way and then it's
normal I mean we travel every day every
singles like everywhere and there's no
planning and you know most of them it's
not normal to like be able to live like
that I have some serious brain damage
then I've been I've done it for 20 years
so for me it's like normal and I've
never seen anything else so it's like
it's a strange life I love it but I
totally respect that it's not for
everyone and yeah and also it's
important to think about my desire and
my wants to pursue my own dreams and do
my own project and live my life I mean
of course we're super good friends and
we've done a lot of cool stuff together
yeah it's a lot of Victorious but mainly
I wanna spend more time at home
yeah my family's from yeah I'm gonna do
some projects on my own and I don't have
any that is gonna be honest what did you
don't have any time either I guess no
program per second well displayed
that's working so much it's my fly
thanks Maria what's the case they say
it's ready for boarding
yeah coveting are we apart no that'd be
a good way to M sakes would forget to
record the edges okay now I think we're
good yeah and does that mean of what I
think is like the interesting thing for
me is that you do this for this long and
like you struggle and like you try to
grow a channel and then when you finally
are killing it then you feel like you
want to go that's like you know most
people would have said I and after a
hundred days you know we're like doing
okay but there's like I know like I'm
over it now like you know companies
actually want to work with us and like
channels doing well but that kind of
shows that it's not about you know money
or anything like that it's like it's not
at all
just the strangest life you can possibly
live I guess and then it's like I have
lots zero regrets of anything we're done
it's like it's not that I mean like I'm
going to push through these ten miles of
them but I have zero regrets force on
everything we're done
it's I feel that now is the time for me
to not and that's the decision I'm I'm
taking yeah such is life I've always
said you know we take you wanted to stop
by tolling like if you have other things
you want to do should do it same thing
goes for Marcus so you want to do other
things then you should do it I still
love doing the vlog and I'm gonna keep
doing it you know as much if not even
more I don't know if I like sergeant's
are up to become so like I'm seriously
excited to watch the vlog that's right
good a bit of making them like you get
so caught up it's music it's like
cutting it's like talking remembering
feels like it's like I never like I
never in my life
watched a final exported you know video
but never like that Adam I don't want it
well nighttime because I may
is that but now I'm super excited want
it and see how it progresses and title
yeah what we do well now I try and feel
the pressure I mean now I gotta like
work four times as hard to make you know
something that's equally good yeah and
also that gives me confidence and it's
easier to me from it easier for me is to
take the choice and I take him because
unis got so good as logging himself I
know you can it's like it's our baby and
it's like it's it's time for you to take
care of it don't you hold it's like
you're interested enough yep no you're
gonna we're gonna keep working harder
than ever because I love like I'm just
now feeling that I'm getting started
so yeah then again I something's wrong
up here that I like just yeah love
digging into it but I'm seeing that line
over there is about kid Anthony yeah so
we don't want you to miss my last light
on this one no so I'd say we should I
think you should end it
well in today's vlog here an underhanded
yeah I mean this will be I'll cut along
and then I'll be back tomorrow morning
for Monica but I say you end it and yeah
Mike's all yours okay and I would just
like to thank every single year of the
blog for the encouragement and the
comment for example on the Weibull of
Marcus video I read every single comment
it was like a couple thousand of them
and not a single one with magazine and I
would like to keep the comment section
that way to be positive to encourage and
12-8 you against a smaller calibre
holiday so yeah stay positive team no
problem and also if you want to check
out what I'm doing and be updated on my
life
Instagram link below and that's where
all the updates
Nanako one last remotion one last push
so yeah if you want to stay off that in
film o'clock and I think that's it so
now yeah now we should run because now
you're about to miss the play okay ciao
full speed
