good morning guys
morning a palm-tree morning what's going
on with the gardening thing told me
we're like we're trying to figure out
where they go back that was like the
initial plan to bring it up there but
then I just learned to see so if we go
stand over there to see how they cover
for the neighbor in terms of height it
actually covers quite a lot yeah we need
to be like to be lower but you can only
find more of those oh yeah like buy ten
of them and we have problems old
yeah like slam whole bunch of those
there they'd cover the neighbor real
nice should we dump that one in the hole
I think so it's already dug you know
what's a day without planting a palm
tree there any soon we're doing this
well it's because we're trying to figure
out whether we're going to flood it
Europe and a couple-hour in like four
hours it's like last minute even broad
so if we were to leave they'd like it
wouldn't be a friend unless we help dry
the plant this this is a normal morning
that's the funny part thank you sir just
right over there that'd be great okay
what a left to right side I'll go left
really yeah
Oh
go around
oh yeah the photo shoot yeah the model
without my connection
hey we got to do it we need a hold is
that you model think you need a hose
only for you enough for me this is a
normal this is not a German photo shoot
yeah no no Paul here not a crazy
motorcycles yeah well we can't hurt
alright so we just booked ticketed to
Europe and we're yet it even lead to the
airport in like half an hour so that
means that when you're coming back after
shooting we're going to be gone well
good evening we hold it I wasn't even
here for most your stay but yeah I mean
at least I got one night in yeah yeah
get up and on palm tree fix but then we
still gotta get that Japan trip yes and
when I guess reports of big storms I'm
sending in your way and then I'll just
meet you there we'll just we'll sit
around the world yeah perfect oh yeah
well then we should go pack up and not
leave you hold you good luck with palm
trees thanks bye apply a lot now lemme
it now I got a bunch of palm trees I got
to dig holes for so okay i'm taiking
yeah let's back up this turned out to be
a quick decision hello hi thank you that
was quick that was quick even for us
like your picket now we're later in the
taxi
pretty good the only thing that's not
good is is that i have an 11 hour
layover in amsterdam and you have like a
hundred kilos of stuff yeah but I think
that'll actually probably just stay
checked in okay so but I sold my car to
a guy in amber like in Netherlands so
maybe I can go and just sign the papers
there okay smart but that that's like
later planning once you have the airport
in check down here
Kewpie ripple things for you ready there
you go and say goodbye to the dog oh my
miss Q dog by dog no more hanging out
yeah we have passports and Carter Carter
all right you later dogs
okay bye dog ha all relate yeah play
weeks in an hour 15 oh ok I know over
these slides and Rob you should be there
are two hours in advance so running or
no running I like walking Wow okay nice
to meet you yeah of course yeah we had a
less than it should be on the block yeah
we you like want to be on the block
yes now you're on the floor thank you
come on my channel
of course yoshie-san she's on first leg
get a link in the description below
yeah oh wait yeah you too as well oh
good night cool we're always here to
promote problem well they said Marcus
was not allowed to take the ski bag
without pain so then I said well we can
either say the KLM is awesome to 800,000
people or we can say that they're not
flexible at all on key so we're waiting
to see whether KLM is awesome or not
flexible it's up to them yeah you know
it's just a couple people to watch it I
mean the lay down pool I think we should
have
considered an extra bag so then we'll
pay for it so then our review on KLM is
zero flexibility on luggage yes we know
I guess KLM didn't get off to a stellar
start on our review to say I guess
you're going to keep reviewing and in it
is funny that the most expensive flight
we've bought so far it's the first
flight they gave us problems with
luggage not good gain I'm not you know
you like Singapore who else should we
fly
WestJet all good and then Kailyn was the
first charges for weight so so far not
seller but what continue hopefully gets
better
I like reviewing things so well I forgot
to tell you like eonni does not know
that we're flying back she thinks we're
going to Hawaii tomorrow so I figured I
would fly and surprise her cuz I think
today she's going to reach 1 million
followers on Instagram with an equation
Congrats eonni so first of all I'm like
let's play home and then I remember
seeing this one bag at Gucci when we
floated Japan that I know she would love
yes don't want to see if they still have
that it was that one right yeah well we
can't blur OD we blew it yeah we have to
blur it like Keanu can see this before
she sees oh ok so yeah ok looks good
right no he said yeah and I'm so curious
she's going to hate not know where this
but she knows she's getting something
yeah now tomorrow she knows yes we can
grab that one that's efficiency but I
knew when I showed the Japan I'm like
that if it's just so much Johnny that
she has to have it and I'm kind of a
woman's purse connoisseur I'm very
important that was a good right one so
she approves of this I know she will how
curious are you right now Yanni watching
this
just don't don't worry by the time you
see this you'll see the bag in another
nine hours when I see you you know no
put just locking I figured I'll Marcus
knows where we're going what's here
you're 27
ah but she just I thought 78 sounded
real bad but now okay 104 and 79 - yeah
awkward - I've never heard of the
business at 78 but hey I'll go try we're
not on the same booking because mark is
going to Bergen and I'm going to monocle
a little why we're all like I guess we
can continue our Kayla what oh yeah klm
review let's see what they got yep face
278 a location a grid little camera yeah
meet you in the ball yeah okay I'll see
what I find
okay do that see it a bit all right
let's go explore see what we can find
not Embree walk upstairs in a plane
hello so 78
looking real nice
Oh
thank you so much
I need the matches wonderful place thank
you
all right then I want to film thank you
so much you guys heard about they kill
you for sure miss yeah yeah what we're
supposed to say good night I guess yeah
now suddenly as a stewardess up there
that I think KLM has the best customer
service I've ever seen on flights boats
on the way here and there they've been
just incredibly helpful and nice gala
yeah yeah we can Negus conclude the
review if slight little - on the
check-in bag but besides that I think
I'm killin it fantastically she was
great
super good a little bit old
entertainment system but food best
breakfast I've ever had on a plane but
enough about that we have a new date we
should right end this and start our new
day whatever date is the next block will
LA will jump back here in a little we'll
see you guys tomorrow and I'm sure
there's a few things I forgot but that
is actually today but yeah yeah I'm in a
little bit
look sure you see you guys tomorrow ja
ja ciao
