maude cool Miroku this is how we wake up
the dog okay 6:00 a.m. you should get up
6:00 a.m. no it's 12 midday
I know I've been up filming working and
let's go to control oh good job hanging
out with these guys giving them food and
you haven't been solarized tonight well
good morning son
yeah I got some I kept away the whole
day that's the way the rain of the day
but I'm not going to sleep anything more
wait because today I am ready to get
back into shape because as you know it's
hard for us to keep the workout going
when we travel like we do and in the
summer I was so good at doing Crossfit
with Henrik he tells me what to do and
it's easy so now that we have a day I'm
going to start working out and get back
into it because if I do that well it
means I can ski more so today we're
actually going to do a collaboration you
know we don't do collaborations but this
one I thought was perfect because it is
going to help me get back into shape
again as you've seen when we're monocle
we always work out yani she has all her
apps and we do her thing but I think a
lot of the apps you know I don't really
need a bikini body workout so today I'm
going to get started on my freeletics
program you guys can check out the link
to the app below and the reason that I
wanted to work with this one is because
all you need is 2 by 2 meters and a fold
and that it's like the phone's going to
be 100 you can do it anywhere and I
realized that is going to be the key for
me to be able to keep working out
because when I need a gym when we travel
from Japan de la like you don't want to
go and find a gym but if you can just
walk out here
play with willow and workout I think I
can actually do it the tough thing with
the nap is that you say you know they
ask you how fit are you and that kind of
chooses what exercise that you'll be
doing and I said that I was really fit
so hopefully this app will will agree
with that so far what I really like
about it is that it's really simple
because you'll know that math you can't
call me now I got a workout he wants to
talk about cars I got to call you back I
got a workout first recorded by of
course it's it what I'm saying is that I
think it's important important for a
workout app to be easy because when
you're working out you want you want to
understand what you're doing so
basically you download the app and then
you fill it in a couple things and then
it says start working out and it gives
you a workout kind of like Yanni does
that's simple like you don't have to
choose that's what I need I need to wake
up grab my phone say workout today and
then do whatever this thing tells me
like - personal trainer exactly when
you're home that's what I need so now
I'm going to I'm a little afraid to be
honest because I haven't worked out I've
been very active in skied nine hours a
day but I've worked out in a while so
it's going to be an interesting one wish
me all the best
why aren't you not working out somebody
has to do the filming part okay this one
all right so I'm going to get started
start work up
we're on 103 I realize anything that
asks with legs and stuff to do I'm good
anything ABS situps
I should not fill in the I'm fit
checkbox funny you work out for like
three minutes and you feel happier
already this is what I need even the
brakes
you have your seconds otherwise you know
30-second break thumbs up being 2 minute
breaks when you don't have discipline
I'm disciplining everything except
workouts nighttime I need help
well I'm going nice um well it's like
twelve minutes and you're dead
yeah but in a good way it was actually a
great start workout except for the
sit-up side really I feel like I could
do if it tells me to do 30 squats and 30
sit-ups I could do three hundred squats
at the same time but I did thirty
sit-ups so I got to work on that yeah
now I completed one so tomorrow I just
say hey I want to workout again it gives
me anyone so it's like heaven henrique
around so that's good and then on the
app you can also connect and check out
what everybody else did like compare
times and stuff I'll see a friend yeah
so I'm going to keep my time secret for
at least a week so I can get back into
speed and that'll put it public and you
can challenge me cool so it's good but
I'd say that was sexy the start of the
day I need it okay I got to stretch a
little and then I'll be right with you
and we'll go continue our day
what time is it it's testing the
pneumatic proton finally because as you
know we we've had this thing for a long
time but it was just the prototype
version so we have never got to fly the
actual version but now that we have it
we should go fly it
of course we do let's see if there's a
dividend full - yep - boom that's your
fire took your phone - ok you do know
there's still hope for me
there we go locked ok this is exciting
this brings back memories of when we
shocked the first movie the movie when
we climb mountains around LA for a few
days and that was a couple Sunday well
you have to be like really quick read
Evan
shoot what a great plan like always I'll
be allowed to say what happened after we
shot the other so of course all right so
when we shot the movie when they
released the Mavic we actually had two
drones one drone came in a completely
broken package the mail dude must have
just like stomped on it it's a good one
drone without a camera on it one drone
with a camera then we wanted to get a
drone on drone shot so we're flying
around like the last shot of the day
we're on the top of a mountain like way
off so we get our shots and like the
very last shot we fly like two
kilometres out and we're out there I'm
like okay Marcus find me tell me what
direction I'm heading because I can't
see anything and then you know like I
saw Marcus filming you my god stop
filming me like just come and help me
and then I got impatient so when he was
coming closer to me somehow we managed
to slam the drones together whereas the
broken drone that I was line
surround the top of a mountain seeing
that drone like falling way off so we
got the drone back and then I had to
hike down into the worst bushes of my
life to recover the drone pitch black
pitch black like I remember that we had
a hard time vlogging because we couldn't
really say anything because everything
so secretive with the launch of the new
drone you're 2 kilometres away in the
middle of nowhere and you managed to hit
each other really professionals but now
we have a brand new fully functioning
awesome drone
this will be interesting I think you've
all seen how much usually we suck when
we open up a new job this is the only
thing on the Maverick that I wish the
legs were higher so you could start off
like more uneven ground yeah I feel
really drone rusty hold on that's a good
spot
so I hope like that's the sound of like
stop having fun
who knew you could land drones on the
ground
I didn't you told me that you shouldn't
do that you shouldn't
could you can if you want to you have
more batteries nope really
okay well conclusion then of this first
light is that this one is way better
than the one we had like it's way
smoother it doesn't get that jittery and
of course we have to look in the
computer to see more details fantastical
I'd you as long as you don't want to
land in your hands this one over the
phantom any day but I like landing in
the hand done we should fly every day
now now I got excited to fly again
okay but it's cold what's full where my
hands are cold cold out
no it's California come on like maybe
not cold for a Norwegian but for the
rest of us okay get em car what you
always hike decided wrong we could like
we could we just slide from the car
because it's more fun to stand on a
ridge and like look at things that's
true I say we go straight through why
did you say straight down ah
no you have a better plan I'm mostly
worried about my new red cape no problem
isn't that what you say
Oh what did you do I dropped your phone
another boat in the water the phone is
fine yes damn it
like we're always optimistic and most
the time that works out really well and
sometimes it goes like yeah this goes
under that it won't like category the
question is are you going to turn back
of course I'm not going to turn back
perfect Oh sometimes I wish I was born
to be a smarter human being so I took
normal decisions but then again you guys
probably wouldn't be watching if we were
normal and absolutely boring but this is
not us trying to do something for the
vlog this is like us this is just us
being us being stupid I will ever take
full responsibility for this should be
okay right
yeah of course we have had some water
problems we don't employ that sound that
time so if we showed you guys all the
stupid stuff we actually do now imagine
if we choose not to show something then
just think about how stupid it probably
is we've had a couple of those hey
welcome home what's up hi the
snowboarder yeah how was it absolutely
unbelievable so where's the apologies to
the viewers but me skewing Japan I'm
sorry yeah I had fresh tracks I had to
get I was trying to compete with you
guys in Japan but it wasn't really the
same yeah I actually need help I need
one of you guys to drive me five minutes
away to my buddy's house to pick up my
old Harley that I sold to him that I'm
using for a photo shoot tomorrow
I say that's pretty cool it's loud I'm
telling you I can see the sons of
anarchy
but you go I am coming home with
delivery 2 times the 6th pizza one year
regular and then I got you one of my
favorites as well ok and then what kind
of friend would I be if I didn't bring
you the pros of
yes yo yo yo could make fun of our skin
any of you presented enunciation thank
you good right awesome
so now you have tuned for like the next
three days Thanks so I think since we're
going to just crush this and sleep some
more
I mean I got up early so you try not he
woke up at noon today that's fairly
normal isn't your all happen late knee
sweeper usually yeah yeah what's good
anything I went to bed like five so yeah
I mean I'm good yep Dave do you want to
end the booklet go oh what do we do
and say goodbye students you've got
goodbye to you guys
Jesus clips with a look at how sweet she
is I'm very hard ah look who's bar none
is flora
Swedish who's gonna we gotta show them
the blocking detainee who doesn't know
what just know anything oh good job
Cheers stop it buddy
