and what better way to start the new
year by saying good morning from the
highest-end in the Moroccan Sahara
Desert in yeah second up in ooh yeah
yeah so we started the day by some lion
king in the camp and Max's morning we
need the way people know a little bit of
Lion King you can't really beat us but
we had some time here in the watching
the sunrise and we got to talking and we
realized that Max is gonna get
officiated so max I'm here by like luck
and max into officiating a wedding who
better daughter absolute absolute honor
guys yeah so we've been productive and
spending the morning watching the
sunrise sunrise and sunset exact same -
I've never seen that so no Buddha said
yeah had to be done on the first day
2008 yeah yeah that's gonna start the
year right and that's not we want to
start it like get up early see new
things meet new people and have a lot of
fun because we're gonna have a lot of
fun this year
and I think today might be setting the
standard real high yeah you know that
when you're with Max Max and Mike we
gotta remember Max and might have like
you know mr. Mike's our like morning
Mike on the way from Albania yeah yeah
that's how they don't like twins they're
equally insane and they're the ones that
have the adventure factor in they're the
ones that is bringing us to all these
incredible places doing incredible stuff
we have a couple of lines that we
haven't actually told them about yeah
yeah just keep the next two or three
years free sure if you watch the video
you can see that it's probably a good
idea to go to one of these trips and we
are actually paying for this trip
but yeah so that's like the the morning
plan morning is now in the books first
morning of 2018 boys yeah we need to
head back down the mountain we have a
huge day plan for you guys it's good
that I started let me show you a very
key aspect of this trip a sound box you
you know how to explain it better so
this is the loudest battery power to
begin the world yeah throw real parties
anywhere the top of the sand in the
Sahara without any worries in fact you
know what yeah I think I think we could
use this right about now I was just
gonna say mine yeah that's where we wake
up in the morning and it's really
awesome
so this is then we start off 2018 and I
have a plan haven't told you yet buddy
from now on we're gonna rock video on
Tuesday Thursday Sunday four o'clock
Central European Time and if we miss the
four o'clock we missed the day I'm gonna
pay a thousand euro fine to charity so
this year we're gonna continue with
perfection in terms of timing so if we
def we suck you know I'll be happily
bail so so Tuesday Thursday Sunday 4:00
p.m. this here is going to be all about
consistency and adventures in incredible
places
so we're surprising yawn accelerating as
a millionth subscriber the team got off
ahead he's there to have a ton of
balloons the Million number in Colby
Lewis and a bunch of smaller water
balloons so we left the tank just walk
ahead of us and I pretend that I lost my
phone or we were locking and trying to
distract yawn but he's distracting
himself just go up this one oh I know I
know he's just ran all the way back
there to shoot this is gold this is
classic you're getting distracted and
it's ready now my just all this when you
see this I'm so sorry bro come on unit
we gotta go God work guys perfect to the
we're doing yoga in the universe taking
photos come on come on yard yes coming
Oh
Oh million subscribers bro yeah million
yes like what's the rush like that's why
Regina distracted gaga
that's why
but thank you guys for keep washing our
little silly videos I never could have
thought that we would get a million
subscribers watching what we do that's a
good way to start the year and a big
thank you to Yanni for putting up with
to the camera at all times
Oh what's the rush
I got over Mike what are they doing here
max said he lost his farm life but is
super susceptible you call you'd and
they were ready and you distracted
yourself a run so far away you were
shooting the guys watching that's not a
bad way to start the morning 1 million
it's congratulations to Benny as much as
me yeah it's a team job team effort are
you ready it is time to put this thing
to good use I think this is gonna be
crucial dab what would a visit to the
Sahara Desert and the sand dunes be
without going to the top of them Yanni
you want to go with me
those are solid now for example me
you're stuck here yeah to try more
little bit lift because to start to stay
back do me also to the stack okay II
understand no nothing
are you Cindy I am sandy in the brain
you send it I was trying to I was
sending it as hard as I could without
getting yelled at too much because this
is like snowmobiling in aura except
you're in sand dunes in the Sahara with
a quad and now we're arriving back to
camp and I can already see what's going
on here in the next little bit oh
there's orbs it's happened the sore
balls are going deep into the Sahara
yeah what what the local people said
that they've never ever seen one so
potentially the first sore balls in the
Sahara Desert
the only thing setting the limits the
South's ice of your cornice this is why
the adventurer factory is like an epic
group travel because you meet people
have so many people that works at Google
YouTube and you have so many interesting
discussion and you learn so much people
starting companies and I feel like the
dumb unsuccessful person so you get to
learn so much and then do this in
between so it's like an inspirational
crazy person trip
well that looks like this survived it
the question is which Hills next okay
well we're just going to do that peak
straightaway this one go for gold almost
there don't let it go this is quite a
bit higher than the other one
then push me good luck
okay intensity level very very high look
at okay if I could have used a little
more air - yeah
when you're going really fast it's gone
from like he was genuinely is scurry all
the Bloods got your eyes totally worth
it
okay there you go yeah you nervous yeah
who is my pop there oh yes yeah are you
ready for this
yeah
oh my head
yeah just a big headache yeah yeah you
jumped like 10 meters huh Philip you
jumped like 10 meters with a ball yeah
like you can see the tracks is that boy
boy at the same weight so and I could
feel like we're not touching the ground
anymore
how sick oh fuck this is like like 10
meters
yeah see where you took off and where
you landed here is the landing up there
10 meter job always once or balding in
this era make sure to have the same
weight on people how many times does the
t4i g-force and then ha
g-force and then slush you okay there
buddy
I've only talked then oh we got more
coming if everyone comes back from this
trip alive I'll be highly surprised
mission accomplished we are walking away
from the sore balls and the sand dunes
everyone everyone's body's intact
now we're gonna maybe finish off tonight
in a little more relaxed what kind of
way I hope so
so our nighttime activity is a nice
sunset right on the Drummond art we have
the big shake here in the front and the
princes over there how's the princess
doing up there beautiful it's a drama
dar camels have tube bombs so you just
sit in between them just so did you know
that camels only live in cold deserts
and drummers are in warm desert
interesting fact today the other one is
you can't have flags around camels as
they freak out you started freaking out
what happened maybe it was you they
freaked out about and they told you the
flag to get you away from the yeah I
couldn't I couldn't be there alright
let's see how fast you can go for the
camel market or how slow which sounds
like a better plan little better
relaxing on this trip as well it's cool
right
look at the moon moon gain strong
apparently you want us to go to the top
of the sand dune one more time just a
quick little deep door on the way to the
camp they built to slip and slide on top
of a sand dune the only thing I'm
wondering what happens at the bottom of
the slip and slide because San does not
slide who comes up with an idea like
that well by the way on the way back to
camp let's just slip the slide down on
this end it at nighttime this right here
is a terrible idea
this is the worst that Max's bad ideas
desert let go
what a Linda even though this is like
the worst idea these guys have ever
caught what you can't not not slide a
slip aside in the Sahara if there's one
you are going so fast oh my god
oh you wanna grab it and you were so
flat on it oh my god I am an expert in
the most random weird things not very
good at many others but that was
actually awesome I thought it'd be the
worst idea ever
it's probably the best idea we've ever
had
it's gonna be hot like the movie you
know with the spaghetti so yeah with the
like welcome gifts we got we got this
extendable
okay so we're gonna we watched half of
this movie over and a fan dude over
there but then the local power plant
like shut off so now we're gonna
continue with some marshmallows and
we're gonna try sleep really good
tonight so I think it's time to end the
vlog that we have done a million things
today yeah exactly
everyone ciao ciao ciao we'll see you
real soon so what I do
Oh
ciao Ciao Bella
