11:35 that means I just woke up I slept
for 14 hours last night what happened I
don't know it never happened I can get
up to like 5:30 and work that didn't
happen but now we we need coffee and
breakfast we do I try to figure out why
we're so tired the LA routine the Ellie
routine wake up take her out of the
truck go to peddler's fort how the best
coffee in LA see peddler's forecast with
us coffee and then six right over there
as best ypres you know so there's LA so
now it may be our brain can function and
we can figure out what the deal we're
discussing cars over over waiting for
that as an interesting topic we can get
back to later cars yeah we'll probably
be talking a lot about cars in likes a
couple vlogs
inspiration from the trucks yeah like
now and yeah okay so today or yesterday
whatever European time it is the Lambo
was confirmed sold so now no more Lambo
for me
so now I got to figure out what to get
and then I was looking at these things
and I'm like I want something with like
big tires so you know I've test-driven
the Rolls Royce great than ghost and the
FF and I'm trying to figure out if
there's anything else and well now I got
to make up my mind so inspirations on
the outside rolls with this song okay my
body yeah it's definitely couch tonight
maybe that is why I slept 14 hours I was
sleeping on the couch next to willow the
whole night maybe that time us being a
true team player yesterday I know the
markets was editing later than me so
since Dave's here he's still my room so
then I slept on the couch too Marcus
could have the bat yeah I'm such a nice
not boss but employer yeah thank you
yeah well I kind of I wanted to sleep
next to willow in the couch so it wasn't
that much of a sacrifice didn't forget
right we love blue yeah waking me up to
keep me happy
yeah Marley was me up licking me in the
face really yeah he woke me up snoring
in the middle of the night - he was
maybe walking around a bit okay now we
we got to figure out if we can oh go
look at some car stuff
teasing little dog you guys yes we have
car keys and we have a destination for
those of you like really tune cars you
probably have heard of our GDL a they
make all the cool Liberty walk and like
all the cool stuff so we're going to go
and just check out what they haven't you
know talked car welcome welcome to our
DB la I've seen that this guy these guys
have done a lot of cool stuff and then
your part can you see stuff like this
they're just really good at taking
exclusive cars and then doing the right
mods so they look super dope but not too
much
Oh a little bit of inspiration maybe you
don't find this in Europe and Europe
people keep certain cars like this stuff
this is why we came to look at stuff
like that we're talking crazy ideas here
yeah it's good good I was saying then we
came here that I wanted to come here
because you guys usually do the right
stuff yes so it's good to have someone
who knows these kind of cars yeah in
Europe there's no one there's really not
a lot of places things I shouldn't
Europe I see quite a bit where the
actually copying exactly what we've
created with it ends up in the same
exact wheels team colors I am so it's
kind of funny but it's flattering now
yeah totally um but yeah I think you
could get some pretty oh well you want
small wheels you let's just leave it at
we're looking at small wheels and big
wheels and then we'll leave the rest a
secret yeah figuring out different
options but yeah we're looking at you
know that's why I like that you did this
white instead of black and it's like the
same thing to list around millions like
you know just I think it's clueless blur
the voice and then also the mat here and
when you think what we call Jen animal
within and like the Zorlu so our lately
should I go for a carbon starlight for
the open early I kind of like it too
you're going to be able to drive at
night and turn them all the way bright
and your whole in place lit up no I yeah
so people from outside too clearly
Wow because you're filming yes it is
actually ideal for filming there any
other specs I should try to look at your
vengeance really the far light different
so now that is like comfort stuff you
know maybe adaptive cruise control stuff
like that I don't know if you want it
for like the longer rallies that is
throughout the break after you sir but
another natural really don't 14k 2016 17
the new Islam coming out the headline is
different yeah quick 1450 16 all the
same yeah a lot of fun idea so I haven't
decided yet on what car to get but I'm
like really like when I saw this one I'm
like good look from the other side
it's so sick looking
don't you think it approved by me
it is good yeah so maybe something on
the roof well I think we should turn
that off because we got to discuss some
secret but yeah thanks so much for
showing us everything bye yeah thank you
300 fun fun things good job with the car
yeah thank you thank you amazing thank
you
I yes I say yes we're come out with such
bad idea no this is not a bad idea for
one this is a good idea
things are really like I like perfectly
that a normal normal request to ask
about this thing you can't be looking
for it okay
but well basically we're trying to
figure out what's the best winter tire
option is and then we ended up holding
this tire cool thank you don't look you
nice you do it's been a pleasure on the
force and start again wherever we do
something we come home when it's dark
let's look in the car we got some good
stuff going on and I'm so glad we went
here but no exploring for to start
because we can never do things a little
bit and we end up like talking details
for hours and the 101 that we took airs
quotes we're going to try to figure out
how to get home maybe go through Malibu
yeah we'll figure it out we'll jump on
the car but I'm still pumped see one two
three four five helicopters like what
happened to make five Ally copter
steamier and covering a road closure oh
well I guess we'll find out on the new
book but while we wait we're going to be
stuck in traffic I don't want to be
doing that hungry zombie life
such a good choice say I'm actually eat
we really gotta figure out how to eat
healthier cuz it's so good
we're leaving California incident then
no more in and out normal just check-in
that I didn't put my credit card in
there like our game plan now includes
maybe Nicaragua Hawaii Canada or Monaco
tomorrow or like the next day or the
next to the neck so yeah we got to
figure it out because right now we have
zero plan except sodding home to kind of
up driving home and going on Photoshop
and building cars
oh hey like three evil talk dogs if they
had food the little guys who should we
feed them they're good thanks Dave
wouldn't be all wrong okay that's funny
that's good right yeah really good okay
so since I'm going to get to this and we
need to try to go to bed and not like
not sleep since we slept so much a word
that we're not going to sleep so we're
going to try to end today now to slow
down like this guy snore a bit we're
going to check back tomorrow again and
hopefully continue this little mission
and we still don't have a blog no we
still don't know what we're doing but
we'll keep you posted as soon as we know
anything
yeah but for now we're going to just
plan for the next couple weeks if we
should get in a car we might have
overdone the art ideas a little today
but you know so well we can probably
take a couple things from there yeah so
stay tuned there would be a lot of new
interesting cars stuff coming up really
interesting car smell
yeah so will it said we'll just see you
guys tomorrow good night today I hope
tomorrow will be a longer day that we
wake up before 11 so ciao and we'll see
you guys tomorrow ciao
