mark Uzo hello no no hello good morning
on your mind
you slept way too much you're gonna get
sick if you sleep this much of course
you left like more than three hours
oh yeah and I'm totally sick yeah I set
forth I think I'm in the danger zone
will be in six - but I realized that
it's Tokyo out there you know many
cameras or stirs in Tokyo let's go get
them yeah beds we can look at elsewhere
we're going to fly all night anyway
well hello Tokyo I'm excited today I've
slept like more than three hours for the
first time in a month okay but I'm going
to keep up with you I got to make sure
you don't sleep that much do you see
sound like you're way too much energy
well when you were sleeping else reading
comments okay and one guy comment but
there's a couple things we need to do we
need to show how the taxi doors open
okay that's the first thing we're going
to shows over there let's eat this
happen Oh
oh and it closes as well all right we
want to go to biggest camera store in
Japan Yodobashi Camera Shinjuku Shinjuku
yeah you know Shinjuku big camera store
Oh not enough to go bye-bye bye-bye
so the next thing we're going to show
it's what I think from reading up on
it's the biggest camera store in Tokyo
the only problem I heard when you go in
here
you should set an alarm so you remember
leaving okay let's send an alarm now
let's set one hour one hour one hour you
in front of your eyes you have
headphones here look at it headphones
headphones headphones headphones
headphones you can't hold a quiz 135
cells and money what's up 350 euros I
think what they did is they took every
single headphone that's on the internet
and then put it in a store and I don't
even need headphones but it's just so
fun to look up how many course is it
I have no idea but I wish I had some
Japanese I know that does not look like
a camera department looks like when you
start where do you have piece next door
mini oh maybe that's what it was they
said it seemed weird that is that what
we did oh I see lenses
ah oh thank you I saw you know I had one
of these right
you sure that one now like you were 50
meters away how many money another
clinic we serve the local driver are you
human balanced bill bill bill bill
basics here you see a lot of zeros 6
million certain okay can we reset the
one hour alarm since we having to take
this or that way reset and go black
Matthew Finland which of that this 1
this 1 million ten thousand euro yes
really
what do you mean Carissa Nelson girls
like baby
the host euros yeah but it seemed really
cheap I haven't looked at lenses like
this 300 to 800 is that's insane but
that's like comment this could fit in
the bag
how heavy are they it's look so so bad
yeah not so bad
very nice setup I've been watching the
TV show shooter
the sniper guy I kind of think we need a
long run it doesn't have to be that long
because I mean most of the time it's a
stupidest thing ever to have but for
some stuff it's incredible
oh you what was it
I really really miss rely on me
you follow me step out I miss Tempe
repairs every adaptors well I did you
sell them P I don't know stupid the 1835
which can announce that one we want you
take these yes yes super yeah we had to
get back to like small and normal lights
and stuff that we can use and the Sigma
1835 was the one we used in New York on
the first shots we really liked it so
now when we have a wider lamps we can
use the red more so pretty good
another them in the stores big no we had
to bang it straight on and I'm still
happy we finally got it
I think this for us it's the perfect one
it is and we've been debating since we
ever got since we got the red we should
have gotten here right away so now now
we have anymore
red stuff in a lot yeah a lot more
because it's much easier with this kind
of up but it was good like we actually
came here and got one thing that we
actually need it not just like that's
good for one nitrous nigger yeah it's
looking credits like the cheapest that's
the great thing with the Sigma or lenses
is that it's pretty much the cheapest
ones you can buy but they're fantastic
okay though
what good one hour your time's up okay
so we managed to go through a quarter of
a floor in one hour and it's six rows
left yes I'm not leaving
thank you so much thank you we kept
they've taken everything you can yep
carbon fiber Oh life oh my god
kind of like the feet are the other ones
better this is pretty freakin solid this
has to be like the lambo tripods why
does everything that's awesome in
license be so damn expensive that is
pretty small but at this point I am
getting really really sticker tripod I
didn't think it was possible but now
I've compared every single tripod and
every single feature of it and it's I'm
ready to go I'm ready as well like but I
just want to get it right once I don't
have to you know ever do it again but I
think I think this guy is the perfect
tripod for us thank you okay are you
coming today buying so much
I just ran upstairs for a quickie it's a
full floor of just bags camera bags and
then there's two or three more floors
with Brandon's name you have bags yeah
you can always find things you like that
you want more of are we sure we didn't
forget anything I could spend two days
here
four hours later in ho Tokyo but it's
still fun in there but yet successful
mission Japan Tokyo we got what we came
for
a multi carbon tripod
we're getting it I want to go to their
Shibuya crossing do we have time with
that yes of course now Shibuya crossing
yeah locate no wait we go to Tokyo
Station okay we have a three four
soldiers stationed in on it yeah okay
yeah Tokyo Station first Tokyo Station
awkward but i reaiiy should have woken
you up at 6:00 this morning because
there's so much to see and do in tokyo
like tripod
well that but then I mean I wish I wish
we had three days here yeah me too and
if I maybe have we've been around quite
a bit and if I were to rank big cities
like la New York Tokyo and everything I
think Tokyo is the coolest city at bento
so I'm gonna cool cars now we should
have stayed longer restaurants
everything I'm not a city type of guy
like everybody says they love New York I
I don't really like New York but I love
Tokyo
we can be efficient but let's turn out
this dress okay I'd like to enjoy our
last couple hours in Tokyo India
together yes you know we would like to
come up and pick up our bags
thank you very much okay thank you let's
grow back learn a trick or two every
time you pack up our bags we good
we got thick at night when we're winning
the toppling neatly when do we are
ticket recommending life haha
and I'll bro well he loves me love
oh thank you thank you I told you were
better to go this way second thing
though today yes I saw that you were
about to buy something office that was
on I got to find the name of the guy who
commented that was on its list to to you
in Tokyo okay so cut out like you like
the color it's cool to power and then
it's warm for chocolates from a wedding
with you I love it
not bad
optimized finally yeah I just realized
that since we're talking about you know
me like trying to figure out how to do
everything better with douchebags I am
we're supposed to tell you guys that we
are hiring a new person that's going to
be in charge of production which means
like all the contacts with factories
getting the right materials and all that
sort of stuff so if you check out the
link in the description you can find all
info about employment and I think it's
going to be a super fun job because we
have so many things going on and you
know me I have 9,000 it's basically so
that all the ideas I have can run into
production and we can create more fun
stuff for people to travel with yeah and
also if you don't meet the requirement
don't apply exactly we had 1500 emails
for team overkill so that took a little
while for us to go through so make sure
you read and that you have the
quotations you need yeah that way we can
optimize every one time so I remember
check that out yeah cool thing okay
yeah that's cool okay market oh thank
you nice aw I'm so happy good as gold we
watched a lot yes you want to be in the
right you cool today you're in the vlog
this is there oh thank you our pleasure
what went in ah my name is Cuba Shabbat
yes life is meat you got a nice cut yeah
I love meeting people yeah I think it's
so cool to meet people here in Japan
there's like houses all of the bars
what I do know I am trying to figure out
how to make my carry-on lighter because
in Asia they usually are better at
upholding the rule so I am right now
putting everything heavy I have in this
jacket and then this is like just my
camera then I'm going to hold in my hand
I've never seen the measure before my
very much that one's better than
expected damn it's like betting them
away my bag I was really hoping for than
the way it does not like to publish
stuff out of there no reason
this is subjective which means that this
is 11 this is okay
I found lungs sound allowance with
showers and good food follow me over you
I love that I love the guidance I will
show you the way and I will sure I won't
show you but I have good filibusters I'm
going to take a shower
I promise no no boxes today whoa
quickest shower and we've seen I don't
think I've ever taken a quick quicker
shower but that starting a trip what if
I shower just makes the trip so much
better but you chose the food over the
shallow daubert our any night Oh
Christine I'm I probably have a little
bit of time too so right how was it it
was horrible horrible yeah me too
showers good thank you
yeah today we're not in seats one we
checked on upgrade and it was 2,000
euros to upgrade per person from premium
economy so that didn't make much Sun
spending four grand in 12 hours and
sleep
I almost forgot that we should end the
vlog like we jumped on and put on the
time lap in life
oh wait which just ended so now we're
ending it we should say that this
probably has been the best power trip of
my life I can't think of like the amount
of snow that we got with just ink pen
marks who's got it first good powder
picture yes I did a picture now
some of you didn't either so yeah with
that said I am so hopeful tired to be
honest we have such a long day so we're
going to take the night flow sleeps and
then we'll probably pick up here in a
few hours I'm never going to go explore
la we have a couple funding plan there
so that should be good but I am too
tired for so want to walk Jason board
and policy motovlog we'll see you at
4:00 don't kow
