what uh-huh yeah free bus ride
yeah pervitin cool nicety chill I do
something good that's all so they're
stopping their thing tomorrow sending
dick you know so am i yeah good morning
by the way yes of course it sir with
good morning
look at this we have bags all packed up
because I woke up at 6:00 this morning
check the top comments and this upcoming
woods we need variety so then we decided
to just pack up and go towards Tokyo but
yeah we're all about moving around and
since yesterday was good at what as it
was you know it can't get better so no
any bright fool nice he approved nice
that's good let's get going so yeah
we're all about listening to you guys we
wake up in the morning get up come in
and then we go
thank you bye
Nagano you know what I think of when I
hear Nagano skiing the Olympics didn't
think this when I was a kid
Hermann Maier did the gnarliest crash
every Nagano there was this like
beginning of the downhill everyone's
coming in knowing it's real sketchy so
they're like slowing down he's like
going full speed and then like catches
like mega air flies over the fences like
tumbles down and powder Wow if we found
it we'll put it now Doran a unigram
zaebis Piacenza nemetrix resides Revati
transfer nabbit openness takunda I exist
Nagano station giving two definitions in
kuzmenok Umayyad Natasha nor lunardon
are Li and then he came back and won a
gold in a couple events later legend
he's a legend they referred me and I
think of when I hear Nagano its train
from the train station just like look at
this I speak back but we're just
presentations like would be a non hook
in that hook and I think we're pretty
good product testers considering that we
travel every three or four days around
the world okay fellas
here we see what the problem is that we
have some like f-stop back the best way
to do product development its few things
that you shouldn't do that's extra
triple difficult then you find out how
you can make things even better nice
like a travel agent oh yeah I always
thought it'd be like really complicated
to do public transport in Japan because
all the times in the past I've been here
I've always had someone picking me up
from a contest or a company or something
but that's to say it's quite simple even
for me so travel guide traveling to
Hakuba from tokyo is easy and mature
these photographers cool lately I'm
supposed to be the cloud yeah oh yeah
what one yes we're gonna keep number one
you whiche that's always a good thing
this is cheapest seat number wall get
one I was right Oh relax we made it I'll
make it so far now we just gotta figure
out where to stay in Tokyo
you
Oh
look sick looks super nice we're looking
at all the shots that Daniel shot like
around this morning we started out
watching stuff from Shamu need like big
gnarly crazy like repelling down stuff
and now we're looking at Revelstoke and
whistling all this because I think this
got me really excited so now we're
trying to like grab we're on a train to
Tokyo but where did we go neck I need a
couple days rest but then like I want to
do more of this more bigger and you guys
want variety so I would hug myself just
for you so exciting to get you back
about yeah and you were before this trip
you like now I'm pretty happy asking pal
yeah
and now like I'm gonna do this I want to
do more jumping knowing of those I need
skins we need snow bills and like hike
little areas like but it's so fun to
look through pictures we're looking
through like everything we shot the
whole weekend we actually have so many
photos that maybe we should edit a few
yells do them we're going to edit a like
really quickly just a bunch of photos
from last few days and then put them on
my website so you can check link in the
description so you can see them in high
rest instead of just up mini Instagram
yeah nevermind and then you can also
check out Daniels Instagram that is
below so make sure to give him a follow
if you want to see epic so we're going
to try to meet up with him a lot
throughout the winter because I need
some guidance I feel out of the game I'm
somewhere to go so I'm like absorbing it
information the third first we head to
Tokyo rest our bodies and then we figure
out on a little bit where'd is where the
song comes somewhere plants yeah
we made it to Tokyo now we're just going
to figure out where to stay and like we
have figured out that we have a plane
ticket to LA tomorrow yeah so flight
progress with malice let's explore Tokyo
in some way you know it's like I just
see a North transfer you got a perfect
luggage situation just walk around Tokyo
and try to find a hotel north exit this
is good codex well then we have all
their hotels calm find closest hotel
sorry we have technical problems we
don't have a hotel we don't have a
palace but in its 140 meters let me go
hold damn it I thought we were really
successful right off the box see we can
make traveling east as we feel possible
but a ski bag will always get tea-bagged
and not your best travel friend will be
walking around Tokyo let's let's pray
they have room by the way it's going to
be kind of shitty going back down again
and trying to find another one I'm going
to tell the lady yeah we booked room oh
yeah confirm yeah the reservation
wonderful room so white light and the
great chef present include a tofu even
got a view we have a view of Tokyo I
want a shower and then let's go check
out Tokyo for a bit
that has to be this one hello Zoe arrow
that way oh don't try the GPS what's up
with all the course today design for a
Lambo g-wagen Sunday what it is just a
regular day in Tokyo that's a good if it
is a regular day then that's good yeah
I wish you more more the crazy toon glam
balls that are different for what we see
in Europe bitches home it's so many of
it you won't see it's not a proper
response there did you find it it's upon
it but phone walk the supreme store okay
now my wig anak you wearing all this
cool free stuff then I knew they had a
store so we should probably check it out
now giving us a three percent chance
that we're allowed to film but we'll see
how we go well I guess this that's why
they're so height they you walk in as a
supreme store and you can't find a
single thing in there it was empty yeah
that's how you hide the brand that you
make sure that no one can buy your stuff
it was a pretty empty
it's like a supreme store without
supreme stuff like they had socks I
didn't want that much no one I can't
find it now I want it oh that's my gonna
sub you think that red black
I won't this maybe we should start
rocking have this is that I love Tokyo
we've never had the time when we've been
here been the past to like go check out
all everything hey you know me when I
start liking something it's like look at
those like it is ha ha yeah this is
Google but it's a little big and but hey
Lisa's cheap compared to yourself how
much did you say it was three hundred
fifty thousand money so that's what like
two thousand euro yeah unfortunately
then it's so cool huh good I like
overextend abit Marcus it's good for the
motivation gotten have so many cool
stores here though what the supreme OD
130 was out seriously off the only
nothing that would suit should a
thousand euros more than okay now fill
me no okay sorry
it broke it no somehow we managed to
walk out of there with everything
attacked we found GCS we found supreme
stuff but I don't know if I'm ready to
you know spend a thousand euros on a
black hoodie that doesn't feel that good
that shows how crazy it is when you
build a brand that we're even
considering spending a thousand euros on
this that I could buy for 30 euros at
hmm I mean all the power to you but I
resisted good job on problem but the
days not over jacket it's so crazy how
just this little thing can make you
excited well so I managed to stay away
from everything that had a supreme logo
on it thank God I still got blown away
it's like a normal t-shirt for a
thousand euros and I don't get it but I
feel want it I ended up getting some
more sneakers Daniel got some shoes as
well I got the pair of the army green
camouflage Timberline cool
yes you open up the floodgates first
you've been holding strong still I have
buddy wants me okay there okay okay good
job we saw the this little
hole-in-the-wall lobster roll
considering the line I think it's good
yeah me too who's not anymore people are
gonna talk afford meat for lobster roll
meal you ever they said they thought I
look like Justin Bieber oh I mean hope
nothing like the new like drugged out
Justin hope it's like the cool just old
one yeah did we get a Bieber discount no
I got food breath look at it
uproot this is a reason why this line is
really long
looks Lobster mega recommended jumping
hello website to go Tokyo Station okay
okay
thank you tonight whoo I guess we cannot
finish a shopping day if we don't show
anything what we got I always wanted to
pay rent truth and watch you Watchers
but they're like three different kinds
of what really okay yeah so two pairs of
shoes and they're not you see so we are
we have a semi in tax credit card I
couldn't guess afford one pair of the
limited edition so green peas are green
and some camo cool so they haven't
pretend it's 100% limited-edition
everything everywhere we can't really
off but now we gotta like you got to go
to these I gotta go I need to rush yeah
you're flying on Monterey so you out to
you later we'll see you guys tomorrow
where you are going to fly to LA at some
point through the day we got it like the
real quick to finish this tomorrow it
will be about six hours late because we
will be on a flight but we will see you
guys tomorrow hope you guys enjoy the
variety of us going everywhere ciao ciao
ciao
