good morning good morning we are a
couple one I think a couple one right
um Bologna and these need to shoot on it
yeah today like last couple like T days
of hot cannon I'm here with Ron King you
know it's really fun and mellow and then
I was talking to Daniel and we have
Tammy somewhere around 2 and today we're
going to go unlike try to do some cooler
stuff do I not join up with like you
know the best guys in the world and try
to keep up with them
see if you want to go jumping you should
go jumping with Sammy Sammy's been
you've been named here the ER two years
and Earl right two years in a row so
needless to say that means he's the best
here in the world world I got so much
I've been lying I've been like we used
to see so much together back in the day
and then we kind of like did different
things and then you keep track of what
he does and it's like the stuff you've
done lately it's like someone comes
close to that thank you yeah it's been a
good good good ride ladies definitely he
lives with me in aura one was up like
2007 and I was trying to get him like
you know make sure that he had a lot of
food but all he wanted was Pringles and
candy I remember that I was like really
try there like your parents like you
guys to care him I'm like I'm Troy but
he just won't candy yeah yeah definitely
now we're about you yeah yeah so if I
can do 20% on what he's going to do
today then I'm I mean this is like legs
could be really really really good up
like a decade ago you know but then it's
still fun to just meet up with all the
all the boys to ski with the guys that
are truly the best in the world and that
just brings back so many memories
like fan if you land out here to be just
warm up here do a quick little
flattening we figured we'd start the day
by building four little small mogul
kickers and do a flip and I think this
is the first backcountry kicker I built
in ten years so now I get to use my
shovel fill the jump and hopefully stick
it first try so I don't have to walk
back up because that would be tired
all right all right JP is for you
good job guys
Rachel killed it so much fun how do you
feel being up with them again I feel
like I should say thank you these guys
for let me come with them yeah you woo I
was awesome yeah
reminding me once again how awesome
skiing is quantitive does it get better
you all want to do more but our jump is
like getting real narrow because I like
last up almost like look at the track on
the take-off I felt real weird
next time we build a wider job yeah but
we have like three more jumps yeah I
kind of want to try that too I think the
days of jet ski and powder and doing
face shots is over this is you know you
don't ski as much but it's nice to like
one day POW ski one day build jumps yep
so you get like both so far oh yeah
plowed tomorrow okay but I kind of want
to maybe jump a little do this as well
yeah yeah it's so hard to explain like I
did this every day the whole winter for
ten years and then nothing for ten years
and then like being back doing it again
it's like this weird flashback feeling I
just remember all the good memories I
have like you're a kid I'm a total kid
I'm the youngest 35 year old on this
mountain 34
okay so I haven't been this tired in a
long time my legs are not functioning
anymore and I'm really exhausted and now
Sammy's like all right let's hit the
next so I'm like okay so I just had some
food and like water stuff I'm going to
see if I have I don't even know how to
ski down here like I literally can't
move my legs
let's try to make it down there I'm sure
you're gonna beat me down there Marcus
nice dry gloves
yeah like building jumps for like how
long have we been out here for five
hours you know I just go to school feels
like a long time yes and now putting on
fresh gloves we have water a couple
Snickers oh we're going to go see what's
what's not that wouldn't mind like
Netflix and pizza me neither
ho tired are you that was the worst call
of the day I am dripping right of flint
and I'm more than exhausted why is that
I had to crawl like like pretty much
walk on my knees and I like yeah and
then I just saw a bunch of animal tracks
couldn't hear anyone I felt really
lonely the workup of today now energy is
back so I think we're actually gonna
head back down where I hiked up because
there was some really really really nice
tree skiing there okay cool let me go
look at that because we still have to do
a jump and jump over a river to get out
of here do it yeah okay let's go and
then I saw two UN laughs inside
I think this is going to be fine
well at this point I'm still tired that
I can just like walk straight across the
water so no problems on okay I'm gonna
try to get to that rock and then take
life from there this is not command well
no again it's peace oh yeah never
surrender this key okay fine
or are you gonna walk of course I'm
going to walk well do it with no skis
them I'm going to end up on the rocks
I'm gonna try to get over just skip over
okay go go go ah there goes nothing
that's fun okay kids don't try this at
home
success bull STIs
all right I'm gonna do this in a weason
way here goes nothing
what do you mean no
you really are the president of peed no
problem even if that son wasn't a
problem no I mean you're here but how
wet are you
I mean my toes forbid West but who cares
that's some good ski boots right there
we have a dry room true that but it's
like about to get dark and I don't think
we're anywhere close to civilization yet
water yes thank you like today it's a
really good day
jump it jump get enough fun trip snow on
your face and then drinking water out of
a creek and being in the middle of
nowhere not seeing anyone for a whole
day yep Sammy come on Tommy I'm wet
let's see some crossing here how the
pros do it Marcus just fix up his skis
and walks across in the water of course
I did
it's the only logical thing to do in
Bradley
you got a run come on
good job you know everybody gets to see
what it actually takes to get the good
spots from the job sometimes just to
climb rivers and putt for hours yep is
getting dark
yes how far is the car you made it so
time I don't even know what time it is
five five five okay so we've got a solid
ten hours ten hours I hope so the water
from the creek it's okay yeah we were
drinking we were in survival mode very
great what's up what's up what's up good
day
oh thanks for bringing me along oh yeah
today's haven't you actually I think we
can end the vlog here because I know
we've had a really long day and we're
gonna have an even longer night we're
ending things here and now because it's
about to get dark and we'll check back
tomorrow and thanks to all the boys for
bringing me along and showing me they
really enjoy it up yeah it's 1999 ago
sarita sameer do you want to end the
vlog and the blog goon has officially
hungary ski up and you guys Twenties to
back off the wall pretty good here Jeff
and I'll see you guys tomorrow so right
perfect thank you
