good morning mr. photographer
good morning mr. Filner how are you I'm
good
I had we've had a really relaxing
morning because we needed it first we
did that drift day and then like edited
all night and then flew here and then
two straight eight-hour ski days so
today I mean there was only like 10 15
centimetres of fresh snow so we decided
today is a down day organize our lives
and like get our everything under
control
and sleep more than four hours yeah it
was really nice so yeah so good but I'm
testing the camera because I have some
falling inside the lens yesterday which
is really strange
yeah but now it it seems to be working
again yeah does anyone have experience
with fog inside the lens
what happened that comment below yeah
please like let us know if that's normal
or not as well um but as we have a bit
of a down day we figure that we can do a
little bit of a house tour a quick
little show where we say because I know
a lot of people like to know where we
stay
and we've already show that all here
who's the guy get ski resort I didn't
know it snowed some just been barely
into but she starts there almost covered
that's the main feature at this place
that you just walk straight out with
gondola which is really nice you don't
have to grab a cab and stuff like that
we have dining table which we haven't
used we have kitchen which we have not
really used I made coffee in the morning
but we should cook it's just hard to
find time for it we juiced this area
fougere morning Netflix right there
Netflix there yes I really like that
impede signing out peace oh yeah of
course
bedroom LaMarcus yes almost clean and
nuts yeah entrance was I guess a lunch
known
bathroom the market hello better drew
just quick for down here to bring it up
yes living how many people this is play
sleep
14 14 14 yes I think it's actually more
but it's best 14 I just keep finding
rooms yes
but that room is like maybe my favorite
room in the whole place long BEC you can
do laundry which is a luxury thing when
you're out traveling this much you have
a drug room which is really good with
your powder in there you know a lot of
wet stuff yeah this you guys do this oh
yes your teeny room PlayStation and cool
stuff yeah here you can throw on the
kids
yeah there's need a play history if you
came with some friends but I've never
run together we really played it why
cellar yeah and I think everyone can
guess how much time we spend in the wine
cellar
zero but it's my Sabbath and then the
author's they're more like ocean beds
occupied people bathrooms huge sleeping
room I love these kind of room like you
can get to sleep like ten people in one
room yeah because if you're here you're
here to ski if you bang all your friends
in here not bang your friends but like
you bring your friends to this place no
no bang another nothing
another bedroom yeah Andrew and he does
this en Ciel but it looks like like it's
a little covered you know when I was a
kid whenever we got snow shoveling was
like the favorite part of my winter that
was like the best thing I know so I'm
going to go ahead and show later the
other son there okay maybe my living
area
or kitchen it's like four more bedrooms
up here it to their to their yeah let me
get my bedroom which has a pretty good
view if you wake up in the morning and
you wonder should I go skiing today let
me just look out here I try to figure it
out
changing room the only thing missing on
this trip is Johnny like Nami why are
you in some key bar on like what sand
beaches come on really
powders better yes come here more oh
yeah
bathroom bathtub yeah that's where I
check my emails in the morning I mean it
it's a huge place which it's really nice
it's a bit of work here Lima for us but
we had some friends who will have this
house so they helped us out which is
really good so if you want information
about the house you can find it in the
description thank you thank you I'm
really glad we said that email did that
and then I figured let's do a quick
little go thro chat so gold rolls I mean
that's like what we film 90% of our day
without their because if you want to
stop and film everything then you lose
90 percent you're skiing and I've done
that for 15 years so I'd rather if you
wonder why we have so much go through or
not or not like slow-mo standing angles
it's because I love to ski and I spent
15 years waiting for filmers so now I'm
going to take advantage of the new
modern technology so the our GoPro set
up right now is that we have to go pro 5
and 1/4 and I mean I would say they
shoot the identical image right yeah the
5 dust I think it handles cold
temperatures better I feel like the
battery lasts a little longer on this
one this green super nice Savin on the
back but it doesn't really like it
doesn't change much you know it's nice
to have it's nice that it's waterproof
so you don't need an extra casing for it
so that this one has for sure better
sound so I have three mounds I have the
one on top here shooting forward we have
the one on the back shooting back and
then we use this guy lot there we go
so yeah selfie stick not easy at all to
ski woods it takes a quite quite a bit
of training to figure out how to
yeah ski and hold it at the same time
but this I just want this thing because
you can go skiing and you don't need to
wait for anyone you can get like all
those nice
they shot yeah look easier isn't it much
much easier
yeah just like I want do that too and
then it's like I can't
I almost kill someone yet answer those
bloody and then if we move on the
settings I know we've seen a lot of
questions on settings on the GoPro that
I have on my head we have the 4k 24
frames per second setting on the wide
setting is there anything else to say
about settings mmm
Pro tune on Pro tune on yeah so those
four things and that's really nice on
the selfie stick
we run usually around 100 sometimes
we're on these the same setting but a
lot of the time we shoot 1080 120 wide
and protune yeah so when this guy it's
pretty nice to have slow motion so you
can slow it down if you want and not in
editing so basically we use two
different cameras one up here and one
there and then yeah we're still learning
we're kind of GoPro amateur stuff we're
getting better for sure of getting much
much better so I think that's so if you
guys have any more questions in regards
to GoPros just let us know but I hope
that covered the main part and no we do
not get paid for Finglas no that's
always we'd never get paid right thing
yeah sorry that that's become our
standing joke but it is a little funny
that we have 600,000 views a day and we
promote all this stuff and maybe we'll
get like a free map who cares so where
that fun
we heard that fun and we do have 500 but
so today the mission was to rest her
body and sleep a lot do the things we
need to do like you know emails they
just keep coming even if the snow keeps
coming
yes it's Sam you know so now the reason
I seem extra happy is because I've done
some emails but I feel ha Lilla
relaxed so the plan today then we're
going to head down to a Hakuba the
village and check that out
okay look at market shoes very laughing
although you're good you're going to
give me the camera and I'm going to
watch you
 through there okay here we go oh
you're such it to a fish at all
I know ski don't know skis thank you
they're okay almost it's perfectly fine
I'm not even dressed it even got a hole
in it
ensure the house from here you never
showed it from outside okay so if you
just point the camera that way we get an
idea the house without that it's really
big from outside no overkill
we like overkill that we do and we like
Japanese Texas yeah how do you get the
wall you can't do a laugh
where the while
uncool yeah cash machine we're working
on our Japanese we're not so good we
were such amateurs we're super Tory even
like huh Koopa Center maybe it would
like this a Koopa Center we have no idea
what economy
I don't know fun yet texts are not cheap
in Japan I got those a bottle I love
Japan team Torres are complete for the
camera manic whatever yeah what do we do
I want to find a shovel I want to find
food
whoo yes okay this is promising see the
food and everything in Japan is quite
different bamboo coffee bar hello do you
have anything to recommend to eat the
full scope is probably our number one
color that comes with a over open cans
which is ciabatta bread yes it some food
we found fantastic super good good
English reception here so we can figure
out what we actually got yeah which is
really good
prefer Japanese was very limited thank
you so much justic okay thank you
what's next I don't know a walk around
check it out Christmas we're making you
know thank you so so we got a map cbs4
be that is like the best thing about
getting a big vlog that you can walk in
a random store in Japan and you have
people following the vlog so now we are
all set up and we know where to go
okay yeah but no right we check out this
stores like real quick broken and they
walk down and look at that
mountaineering - it
found it
I thought we both thought we were pretty
lost we've been walking forever but
they're supposed to be a really cool
outdoor store and we need to get geared
up when it comes to avalanche safety
I've seen a lot of comments but we've
talked more about it so we're going to
go on by more about it with troubles
yeah love a shovel shoveling food like a
spork we have a lot of different ones
like in it you and I need your help with
what I need a new backpack but I have a
problem every single one is so damn ugly
well we should get you a second one of
the one I have but since we don't have
that I agree that you kind of should
can't you find anything that looks maybe
they maybe some people think your stuff
is ugly well cause this is like maybe
camera top okay like this looks
actually let's see how much damage one
of them says 17,500 money it's fun to be
a pro skier and like reviewing things
cuz if I see something I think is great
I'm going to say so even though I own a
bad company I like this top pocket the
neverending struggle to kind of perfect
shovel like what are you need testing
you can test how much it woggels
how big the latest how good it is to hit
with your ski boots how small it gets
how many money nine thousand two hundred
six thousand three hundred you and it's
a very troubled oh there we go
and firefight overall how much 149,000
money good thing I don't know the
conversion rate I have no idea unless
it's a lot of money it we just thought
what we needed so we can't cut it
shorter
Thank You Larry good day what
yep I know you thank you yeah well
everyone from Japan Akhil okay so
yesterday I announced on my Instagram
that I was gonna sell the Lambo and well
either way a guy said oh you're gonna
buy land in Japan though because
everywhere I go I get so excited about
faces I didn't read that one I laughed
out loud myself so now I'm not going to
buy land here but I love it like
basically this whole winter I'm going to
keep an eye on weather forecast here and
then come for all the storms but now we
are all geared up I saw a lot of
comments on the fact that we didn't talk
anything about avalanche safety we're
ducking ropes and skiing off-piste and
all this stuff
and okay I'm going to give you my
thoughts on avalanche safety and
everything the reason I love Japan is
because pretty much all the skiing is in
the trees it's pretty tight trees Japan
has the climate that usually is good for
the snow layer so it's a fairly safe so
one of the main reason we come here is
because you can't ski pretty much
everything and you're usually way safer
than anywhere else in the world it's not
always true but there that it's better
here and the first two days we have zero
Avalanche equipment which I don't think
it's the best but I don't think it's a
huge deal when you ski just in the trees
like we did on just small areas and
something that I think a lot of people
forget is that just because you have a
shovel a transceiver and a probe it
doesn't mean that you're good like the
most important thing is always judging
where to ski and try to figure out
whether it's a fall or bad Bowl yeah
that's number one and then number two if
you have a transceiver and your buddies
in an avalanche and you bought this
fancy transceiver and you haven't
trained with it chances are it's not
going to help you at all if you're in an
avalanche and you panic you won't even
like it doesn't matter how much fancy
gear you have so the conclusion is make
sure to be smart where you ski and get
the gear but also make sure to train
yourself over here so today we're like
today we're preaching a lot real well
you know I think we should sometimes
it's good to talk a bit like not just
like woo okay coolest IQ in the world
enough geeking by keeping and making
sure that you know how your stuff works
this for people who don't know what this
is if someone gets buried you use sorry
that we have an explained use this to
find the person who is missing and then
once you've located it then you walk
around and like folk until you find your
friend and then you have a shovel to dig
em up okay so here is the backpack that
we found that we thought were the best
and here was here's this is like first
samples so this is like crap looking
compared to the final deal so I'm real
happy with what see the difference in
look yep you know like this yeah I'm
real lucky but while we set it all up
make sure we have battery and all that
and do everything I think we should end
the vlog because now when we're in Japan
we got upload at 1:00 a.m. at night so
means we got to edit everything before
we go to bed so that way it's better to
end early so that we can keep it go on
with all the time difference yeah so I'm
still haven't learnt any Japanese so
we'll just go with English we will see
you guys tomorrow
it was nice having a day off and rest
get all geared out now we're ready for
the rest of the winter and you guys have
seen where we live so link in the
description below to must say yes to
this place if you want to go check out
Japan which I highly recommend that you
should with the say no week that Japan
like there's no reason to ski anywhere
else with Japan and you have powder in
Japan it's the best so yeah check that
out and then also check out part of life
they were the ones who have sort of
helped set us up in Japan with our
last-minute trip links below so check
that out we're going to go to bed to
sleep try to figure out what to do
tomorrow I can't want to deal jump we'll
leave that for tomorrow but I want to
jump in like do flips okay see you guys
tomorrow
chop over now
