good morning good morning when you wake
up and you know how much snow we have
and then you see bluebirds and you know
that resort has been closed all day
yesterday because there's too much snow
then you order a taxi to be first to the
resource yeah we are there are shuttle
buses but they get there like little
later than I would like
so now we're going to go to Cortina
hello sir
all right good on any ice I've gotta go
to you in I wanna get 4,000 okay just
making sure we have enough cash I think
it's going to be another pretty good day
the Big Apple tell well I mean we see
big hotels before but this I'm cool yeah
all the strangeness just us being from
Europe there's so much strange stuff but
I love that how cool is that you can
come to Japan and just Steve or you can
just come and like look at all the
radness thank you I got dogs how are you
guys it's not even open yet you know I
haven't experienced as a ski racer and
that's curious or you get to the list
before it opens sorry but then you can
get a ticket maybe a coffee just feel
that you have things under control
oh oh she's locked
so this little baby left opens in 20
minutes
no way baby let's open it into the
horror big lift in an hour now so sorry
not chocolately Larry for jumping the
gun a little bit
no time like it's good to be early but
come on which you just left an hour more
if we should just go get a coffee stand
in line if you like you know like the
ski racer guys do it whether it's the
person line it's like the boss of the
place they cheated us you see me okay so
a couple people walking over here and
then I realize that everybody puts their
skis and boards in line because we're
not working okay so we're going to do
we're going to take this lift up first
and then we're just going to stand up
there wait for the topless I'm Carwin
yeah we are you know it's one of those
days where it's worth waiting okay but
now we go find the rest like you should
find some locals who know what strophic
up some some in Japan and the fact that
this place is closed yesterday make this
epic I was trying to find words but I
didn't find any
first thing we were early with our ski
Hector I paid off again
Herman the photographer look who we
found pictures hey yeah yeah when did we
ski together last time seven years ago
eight years ago way too long thank you
long but what I do know that if he's
here that means it's good here Jan is
definitely good yeah when you find the
best piece powder skiers in the world in
the lift line you know you've made some
good choices
pure chaos I know I kind of love it
because we're not on the back end of
everybody
we're like but you're pretty good hey
Dan around BC started success yeah I
warrant I just feel like it's 1997 again
that's a really good thing we can't wait
let's just do this
you
it's not late ya ready with a Swedish
monster I met yesterday
real horses hello I'm Marcus Rasmus
Rasmus and can't do get in
yeah meet you guys we figured that we
need some guides and then we met
yesterday it took me to a bunch of nice
plot this do it see what we find
Oh mark it and keep it up well I guess
you should just continue to do more that
suckster broke
what else tied up in there I say we go
back and try the backside
from the freshest you saw the pow pow
all ready go stand on that see what it
is yeah that's probably a good idea kind
of put myself in a dead end here so the
question is do we just like go hope for
the best
whoo-hoo that would have sucked really
bad to go with that this is not good
okay here goes nothing
that was pretty bad actually
I was just dragged with this like mini
avalanche for his really fun well I
don't have to be such adrenaline junkie
noting good way to end today a sunny pop
all day always six away we were in one
piece
Marcus is alive fairness I'm not buried
by an avalanche now we got to figure out
how to get back to a place
so if we talk about the resorts not that
we tried two different ones so guy get
Cogan I think it's called the place that
we're staying at and this is Cortina
Cortina has a bit more train that's open
maybe a little better tree skiing but
it's a much smaller area which means it
gets tracked out quicker
whereas the guy gay is like so big that
if you traverse a lot you can ski fresh
all day long so if I were to compare the
two I would probably take sue gaagaa
actually and not to forget with sue gaya
they had fresh waffles and Burger King
mid station we take the shuttle bus I
can't see any taxes so I give it a 50%
chance that will end up okay look at
this see Mel C never seen that on the
bus before home finally food Trump's
digging few good jumps everything but
when you get to Japan as for as hard as
Red John and Houdini
you can live without food okay coach
pizza
