every morning with a bit of dance a good
morning Molly and good nothing is better
than a bit of music to get you started
in the morning and once again no one is
on drugs it's called the Max and Mike
drug where everyone gets fired up by
energy and power so we are now at the
cusp of Sahara service I think it's
called so we spent the night at this
beautiful really cool place right on the
edge of the Sahara Desert and we got
here by driving I think eight or nine
hours yesterday and we got to see 13
hours in total there's a great road trip
I mean if you want to see places you got
to put down the time and travel and we
got to see some really cool places but
now it's time to go explore the Sahara
Desert cuz we're gonna stay in the
desert and celebrate New Year's Eve
tonight contrabands swordancer
what do you think about my shoes a bit
too small there's gonna be New Year's
Eve on the sand
and since we're going to the desert and
we're doing a gold theme New Year's Eve
party in the desert we are now fully
decked out and this is Richard by the
way if you didn't see Bella
so sahara desert here we go
undergoing Maui we have now entered the
Sahara and there's no more roads so we
are off-roading for how no for sixty
kilometers that's so I if there's some
shaking shots is because it's really
bumping here yeah my getting stuck in
sand haulage is limited like snow I know
what to do but I'm trying to learn here
what to doing in the desert
okay so listen to my flights are
officially off white one in doubt just
go flat out have nothing on this okay so
Betty it's usually given up editing
right now
then the blogs are late since that's why
we have now passed like a really bumpy
part now we have the Sahara Desert in
front of us
then it's really red I love places that
we haven't seen before and this is
unlike anything I've seen now I want to
put Yanni dumb because my back is oh
yeah it's probably gonna check out
tonight yeah
no more sweaty pants like this this is
incredible if you're a pee needy this is
fantastic I love being in places that's
really far away from everything else and
we still have like a good 45 minutes to
go on the sand dunes let's go let's go
you know again this way do you see what
I'm seeing
oh the big blasts get rolling so we have
arrived to our camp for the next two
nights in the middle of the desert with
all the sand dunes
welcome to our Bedouin village guys
wasn't there Artie in it we have four of
them oh yeah before four takes months to
get here from China I've never been in
one of these no boys proper like motion
sickness we have the highest sound in
the Moroccan Sahara just over here so
you're gonna send it Oh jump in this is
a serious health issue sandals and these
Oh see this is what happens when you go
out of your way and sit in the car for a
while and do things you normally don't
to surprise none of this none of this is
real house tour house tour of our camp
yeah but the tents always way cooler
than a building I think max and Mike are
really making sure that the name of
their company the adventure Factory is
living up to its name which I think it
who brings stuff to the desert
it's the next ride you and me yes please
well what's the name of the ball it's a
big ball if you have a big golf ball
kind of ball rolling down the sahara
desert sand dunes
Oh mourns their loss of items I okay
okay oh yeah my back is really coming
good after the car rides and that was
like ah I think it needed to be more
inflated okay
test one out of the book how are you
feeling bear which many looks lost we
make our cabs over there it looks like
we were like going down here for like
100 meters
that was the giant hill we went down
which isn't that giant Brad though first
time and what's the name of the balls I
can't remember the name of the balls but
first time they wanted them and it's a
violent roller coaster ride yeah I
wanted to get him in there yeah inflate
it more find a bigger hill
you guys are wearing boxers
you know what sand is good for no so
yeah anyway on the top of the sand dune
almost at the top now sunset not really
cooperating we're not ready character
seen jump Xander's men we're gonna
celebrate New Year's Eve in our little
tent village down below with fires and
and sweet nuts before no but I've seen
it done before and it I think we found a
new zorb Hill if you pick up speed the
whole way down I need a cup we're gonna
come back with more sore balls tomorrow
with some real Hills where we're there's
no cell phone coverage of any way so
when this comes online it's way off
schedule but yeah nothing doing the last
one I'm sorry when there's no internet
available for the next two hours around
you you can't do oh yeah next video sore
butt balding extreme max is gonna try
out this huh no
yeah I knew running deep in the Sahara
Desert I got some more coming oh wow
what a monkey no way I'm so good let's
do it again
this thing is a great playground if you
lived in the Sahara you'd be like the
shape your life oh yeah
it's only free New Year's Swedish media
right now but we're in this our tights
in an hour of the New Year here
new year
more fun to dance in the light I always
wanted to be a disco ball nine six five
four three two
our desert in a
I was telling Mandi maybe since the year
is over we should her and the vlog as
well yeah we're filming yeah yeah but
we're gonna save like New Year's
resolutions all that stuff for the next
one cuz we got to do a bit of thinking
but generally it's been a great year and
thank you guys for following and
enjoying hopefully enjoying our little
crazy life that we live
yep we are having fun we're maturing
we're trying to figure out what life is
all about and having fun and enjoying
life so with that said over now from the
Sahara Desert and the adventure
I can't check out the adventure
factories trips below we're not paid to
say that but Max is crazy so if you want
to go on a trip you should check it out
so moving out from Masada this hope
everyone had a good New Year
