guten morgen God morgen morning who are
you guys
I am love and Riley's mega truck you
just take whatever you need and then you
take a bit more you throw it in the
other laughs and you still could fit
twice as much so now we're all loaded up
we have all the snow gear in here but
first we need to make a pit stop on the
way to the snow and you'll see in the
little what that is but it's going to be
a pretty epic date I would say I agree
I'm gonna do something that I've never
done before
Oh with a Lambo
you'll smell the smell of rubber rubber
is good as long as you want to have the
rubber smell
well good morning this is what we are
going to play with we have a Huracan
we're going to ask Samuel justice if
more about it but I know that's a horse
liner kit shoe can break a lot of people
have I seen this car drifting around a
lambo dealership I know I have because
Richard Johnny's dad sent me the video
he's like look at this I'm like not
talking crazy and then he's like did you
see it was driving I'm like no I just
saw it really sick and then the hill I
looked a little more and then we saw
that it was girl good this was you my
girl yeah my girlfriend officially
thinks you're the coolest girl in the
world
wow that is a lot okay you know yeah
don't you think oh god yeah if you
haven't seen the video check out the
link in the description and you see what
I'm talking about
I hope we don't have any Lambos that we
are going to slider stuff so I'm gonna
start setting up this model course for
you so let's talk to this a little small
and you know and they will they knew it
was up to more speed and you know go on
and that's going to be tight for you -
it is the Huracan a little like fat-free
missed our window I thought you'd be
coming back yo you got to prove yourself
not so fun did we get in the other
Canyon
okay so I have known about Samuel for
probably 10 something years because he
was like I think well one of the only
drift drivers out of Sweden to really
make it in the state
so he's one of the absolute best drift
guys doing commercials and all this in
the world so I think I feel confident
going in although I have never been
sideways in anything like this till four
wheel drive or four rear this is the
rail arrived yeah no gets it from the
start yeah so it's the 580 - - yeah yeah
okay
there
that is the inspecting gear first hit
against the AG and aggressive figure
eight and keel so wrong to do it as far
but still also final or I'm running to
smell attire in a Lambo let's get some I
want to fly alright the slide it it will
follow us you begin getting tough and
pop out the rear
and the Hawaiian turn
me
fans regard Oh
hi that was kid
all you got second gear first ear nailed
on some circles so we are the easy
things link is busy with Easy's and
everyone will do it
none of it said car and there is
momentum is great 34 days exactly close
oh I was it
I am swaying and you're so focused that
it feels like you're gonna like I get
dizzy but no bad right do a good job
Samuel didn't seem terrified so wasn't
honest I like yeah like when you're
sitting sideways and you're seeing smoke
- you're like I feel like a drifter I've
never smoked before makes phone calls
hello Lambo I need to straighten my
four-wheel drive - a two-wheel drive
should I come with you Gords look okay
or do you want to go hiking oh yeah go
with really weird Riley King
Oh
that's a figure 8 right there for it
yeah how was this one Riley this one
will make you feel a lot better about
yourself really yeah I feel pretty good
about myself already
well now you can you know really get
some self-confidence nice
alright see in a sec enjoy
yeah buddy
Oh
Oh
all right I'm gonna go change tires yeah
give me a close-up whoo is it fun yeah
it's a great way to start the weekend in
it it feels real though so I know like
don't do that to the galoshes
joyeux back
just to smell the burnt rubber it's the
best know what I realize
what do you realize that we need to do
this way more often
Oh
yeah
wrong
robbers oh my god
we're just out here in the Lambo you
have a friend oh my god I can't stop can
I do one little more I'm used to this on
snow but not on asshole all right let's
go
you
I think I said one more time 40 times
I need to be able to go home to this car
also I will hire a helicopter lift the
salt okay keep going
good thing we have a super car at home
we just need tires NATO I'm I have lots
of followers on Instagram and I really
wanna learn how to drift
no yeah today thank you goes to noodle
Thank You needle yes now we're going to
do a little demonstration in couple
schools to find your Samuel in the Lambo
Athena and Beaver I'm not quite sure
what they're going to do but whatever
they're going to do
yawn Ian and Michaela you should learn
how to do
I wanna but yeah that was out of this
world thank you guys
ten million thanks and yeah make sure to
check out the video these guys have done
well put a few videos there yeah
safe to say we've been in good hands I
mean we'll play more it's all good yeah
please
oh my god a good day Mouse to make a
million million Thatcher it's good when
you finally get to go drift when you get
to do it with one of the best in the
world
it helps it does when he tells you how
to do this you're like okay okay do a
number number one animal style a lemons
or regular onions are good yes what's
the matter what thank you yeah
what better way to finish off
slaughtering tires on a Lambo than to go
down and out oh my God look at this no
what no um well now we got to figure out
whether we're going to mammoth or cow
now I'm like this for hours and dollars
eight eight right I think we should look
at actual places to stay and see if
there's emotions because good presidents
weekend to turn up the music of a disc
until the Sun rises
my hair hair what's going on
well we thought would like we have such
a great plan and then we went on our
phones to check hotel sarcoma and Airbnb
and there's not one single bed available
because it's precedent weekend and we
kind of I've never experienced zero
results you know like that before
how about we reassess and try to figure
you know again let's reassess and come
back yep
you know what that is failure this was
sounded I know but it's like a word of
going into rest our heads and reassess
okay Alex
we're back at least your mama has your
dogs I'm going on on the mondo to see
were purified okay we're having a slight
change of plans
okay here your servation has been booked
successfully departing LAX tomorrow at
9:00 a.m. to Tokyo Tokyo yeah I depend
on line and I checked all the weather
forecasts and there's like a monster
storm hitting the Hakuba area in Japan
perfect so I'm going to work on like
setting us up in Japan and you can edit
and you can just watch Supercross yes
6:30 so but I think we end the vlog here
today so we can practice our Japanese
for the ending tomorrow but before we do
that we should really say thank you to
Samuel and his wife Tina because they
are just the best for texting us asking
us if we want to shred their Lambo yes
links below I thought - and if you like
this video you can like it somewhere oh
yeah yeah and you subscribe as well and
you can comment and you can follow Riley
anywhere or you get 100 K team yes
Riley gets honor K it's gonna come to
Japan on Thursday Oh No okay yeah I'm
okay see you Japan she Joe go guys
Oh
