No
good morning
good morning this is the way to spark
the morning today we're having one of
those days where things don't work out
we usually have everything planned but
this morning I woke up early thing is
out life's great and then I realized
that there's no power emmaus meaning our
dear computer did not export the vlog
and we can't upload anything there I am
Mucha Marcos and then we went down here
to peddler's fork which has become like
your second home and we the only power
up what we found was like here inside
the entrance yeah I like a chop shop
right here and we're now halfway through
exporting yeah these always happens in
Calabasas what's up Riley like I don't
think you places electricity bills no no
that yeah yeah that's how we start our
morning trying to stay calm and positive
you know like I like three stories like
hello hello welcome yeah so yeah that's
today so I apologize to the valgus late
but sometimes to submit out of my hand
so we're going to just enjoy our office
here and hopefully this will be exported
soon so that we can move on with our day
videos much finally we are involved oh
well like four hours late sorry guy but
couldn't get it quicker nope
and Riley's here good morning good
morning runner what is going on here
I am looking at prices to Sapporo in
Japan
terrible tickets fastest ticket 15,000
euros
what what hey Donna me no but it's still
like 20 didn't think Japan was this far
for 25 hours so yeah we are still not
any wiser
no reports there we were saying no like
no there's no good smell but then I keep
seeing Instagram stuff of everyone that
it's epic so yeah first worm problem but
we have some fun stuff line up for
tomorrow so maybe not fly tomorrow that
without a mission complete everything we
needed to do is done yes we uploaded a
vlog and we got ourselves to plan we
actually have a plan who know we have a
really good flat we are get tomorrow
okay we're going to go smoke some tires
in the nice car we'll see you tomorrow
what kind of car it is you know and then
we're going to jump in the car drive to
Tahoe cool and Riley's coming going to
go yes yes we have a lot of fun stuff
planned in Taos so we'll drive to Tahoe
tomorrow night and then spend a couple
days there and wait out the weather
forecast and the rest of the world and
then maybe come back here on the fly to
Japan and then back here on them to
Canada yeah let's sort of the plan but a
which is overkill hub and then yeah
that's not our car over here yeah yeah
yeah it's going to be really good we've
we had spent a couple hours trying to
figure it all out
yeah so now I'm happy I hate not knowing
what to do I get this like great cloud
about me but no no it's just sunshine
good where's the flare like a frat house
this is evidence of me and Marcus
late-night eating that is evidence of a
lightning the sick pieces to the six the
best we should actually go there and see
if they can teach us how to make that
pizza yes please what'd you guys do last
night with your people do you think
every night you have been gone we've had
the same heat up rather feel like we're
really coming up we we vented you today
yeah we're going strong you know some
overkill yeah some days you're like God
was sure to be doing no we're like you
don't want it is
I know what it is son son I woke up
today and it was completely sunny and
when I wake up and it's raining I'm just
a lazy bastard that's grumpy
Riley realized that he needed the gear
snow gear okay so the problem is that I
have not went and bought a ski item in
20 years
me neither maybe I should buy jacket I
actually don't have a clothing sponsor
for the first time in 20 years like it's
awesome getting free stuff but
everything you can't do you want to do
like I haven't bought a jacket in 20
years so you want to buy you want to buy
a jacket mmm if I find something that I
like more than what I have
how much is it this is for $500 well I
think I'll stick to my oldest write me
up if you're a good company like hit me
up I'm officer snow pretty good skier
like if you want to skier that's a
good-looking satin look sick yeah that
one in another color looks super cool
riling cool on get it color I know
nothing of snowboard boots I couldn't
tell ya you have gloves
I have goggles I have everything besides
the snowboard setup and all this I'm
here sorry do you want do you want paste
on the lung Oh am I gonna get hated on
yeah hey what about comment on our first
day that Markus looked like a gaper
without a helmet
which my best option I mean I wear the
helmet that I designed so of course I
think that's the best helmet yeah you
need one too so this is us getting home
here give me the camera drops and the
lemon getting excited right now I got to
tell you I used to be so into
snowboarding since I was like a little
kid and then I got I broke my wrist had
surgery and I was over it well I'm
looking and I'm like oh if I get hurt
doing that I'm not gonna go to work no
you look so good let's do it but now I
got a second limb I'm ready you know
where the inside goggle strap solution
came from we're snowboarders who like
refused to have a helmet they had their
hat and goggles on and then they put on
the ugliest helmet they could find and
that kind of became a trump oh yeah this
is me right here
that's good me we're good to go back
back slip here we come back flip
Dollinger going on here such a nice set
but just feels wrong to buy ski stuff
what do you think I mean you're like the
style you're I think no because I think
the setup we have is super cool and it's
like we don't have to use money on that
stuff
yeah okay yeah okay think about let me
know what do you think of it I know it
looks huge now but when you're in the
air and you're skiing then everything
looks more sizes smaller so besides that
what is a comment below I feel like a
snowboarder your hardest snowboard no I
am a skier and I always be a skier
success look at this you didn't buy
anything often in my hand I'll surf the
best surf snowboard awesome shop cover
yes Salaam where's the logo Val surf
bouncer they do have a good selection
although we usually look at surfboards
and not snowboard stuff you got some
stuff on it yeah commitment yeah I like
it yeah passion is your scheme with a
pro at least you got to look pro right
so yeah so we're sort of things that's
so so so okay remember this little bag
here just terrible looking so we're
gonna go is this tour and see if we can
customize this okay you know I like the
customize things but Board of Directors
the douchebags can we please make a 100%
camera bag now please don't blow them
like a small one a big one
a backpack we can push it we got a truce
which one we want the moat yeah no but I
think we can now yeah let's go to the
store see we can find let's spin it
let's spin to the store red or blue mmm
red yeah yeah I always go with red what
do you think new super pullers cool we
just found this epic store they have
like a million different things so you
can customize back foot yes we started
with zipper pullers kind of really
excited and we have to keep function in
mind what kind of paint do you need for
fabric
we have that 156 brush on fabric team
over I just wanted like customized yeah
it probably will not end up being the
big most beautiful bag but it's just fun
yeah it's gonna be cool
perfect thanks oh my again now we have a
couple letters see if we can play with
those white and red and then gray good
we're just going to get a bunch of stuff
so we can play around that's the whole
ready I kind of want to put this on the
leather douchebags oh yeah
they said it yeah yeah good because you
know like when you want to do new super
pullers on bags you have to talk to the
factory and it takes forever but now we
can just fly stuff intact
this is officially douche bags new
prototype department perfect thanks a
lot sheet it now
let's customize me we spin back home
yep and we're back we are back home oh
yeah I'm pretty excited you know me I
love custom and I love us do things
yep I hate emails and I love like
working on my hands central polar hello
could end up really bad or it could be
cool yep
I think it's going to be really cool
either I have faith in our creativity
there yeah like I'm just getting started
like first you need a couple bags to
like figure out a height that was bad
that was good but now I'm like I just go
right around these bag and I'm playing
with that
look at this kit all three super cool
the units of 101 super kit this is our
500k giveaway is it yeah my 101 first
custom set but how do we give it away
okay this should be given someone who's
already getting a douche bag to tag me
in a douche bag photo and I'll take a
winner of the best photo of a douche bag
on Instagram okay so tag me in the photo
with with your in the douche bag and I'm
gonna pick the winner who gets this set
cool huh
but that means I have to make more sets
yes about God I really really because
whenever I design stuff is always in
Photoshop and it takes forever to like
go through the whole process but when
you can just go and buy stuff it's so
much more fun yeah like this is truly
what I really like to do I think this
one would like a little more black it's
gonna be really good yeah real happy but
you know me when I get started with
thing yes I do you sure your masterpiece
first of all I made a bracelet super
happy about the bracelet chipper pullers
like like ass and brand the song blood
respects we might have a recall on that
one what do you mean recall it's mine
it's limited edition
well yeah while automatic is in your
probably make every bag we have in the
towel
just because they really like it but
that said we will see you guys tomorrow
we have had a really fun day and we're
going to just continue this and then
continue vlogging and you know the stuff
we do yeah just open up from LA we'll
see you guys tomorrow ciao ciao
