ah
good morning good morning get ones like
I did I spill any coffee no we're just
reading got some coffee because when
you're staying at Riley's house you get
coffee in the morning you don't make
coffee at home nope and then we figured
mirror so we can show this new gimbal
yeah how does it feel it feels good I
like it
I think it looks awesome I just loved
everything that makes it look like a
true professional movie wha
how are you
very very good
oh hey I guess no anything
yeah I brought another like her yep no
oh please welcome you to me out really
evidence no so it's tough yeah look we
brought stupid stuff and it says the
tripod for example I'm using that up and
look at that that's so cool Paul
followed a Nico Rosberg around all year
pretty much right no yeah then shot all
the photos and then when Nico was the
world champion
okay you guys could because of the book
real quick yes nine day if I'm only
using one camera one lens and five years
that's so cool
I always try to find that photo when
you're in front of all the staff
photographer I do that yeah I want to
keep that well we can put it in now I
learned it from you
Jonna that borders disco party tell us
about the story please I've been
basically their team photographer but
and they're going to the World
Championship they're not allowed to
bring anybody else and because of the
FIFA World so I kind of sneak my way
with a normal ticket then I sneak my way
on this on the pitch which was I think
I'm the only one going on the pitch in
it so as ever still probably
worst decision ever to go with a 24
millimeter on earth it only won't land
right now one lens one camera yep and I
followed pretty much at full access
after they won so the lucky part again
standing on the right time at the right
point that my most favorite picture ever
ah thanks ray the top cosmic ray ray
yeah that's cool and it looked like
honestly it looked like it's pregnant
the only woman who looks fat before she
got pregnant we have to buy new epic
stuff break your bank account and then
you say that your camera looks like a
pregnant woman's me having insulin some
urine yes this is all your fault
so this is this is what you want to have
my god oh my god he'll be it a me later
buying that guarantee yeah here's
another thank you hear the sound you
hear the sound do this it's like you
take a vote everything took an
award-winning my wife why do you come
over here and do this to us like the
same wait I like that face one stuff oh
no surely bro yeah yeah this is mine why
that's the red of photography soda the
random photographer of course you had to
face one of the bag like but he only
shoots an m24 sometimes I do this that
one camera one man once you got me on
that one
see how long do I write it is just file
size that's dislike the show if you want
a penis enlargement obsession type a
budget nearest a Fletcher
okay I feel a flashback here in was it
the year and a half ago me and Riley
went to Sammy's I bought a Sony and at
Iceland because hey my buddy Paul is
coming by supplies drone and we're like
cool he comes by and we're in the
parking lot shootin art so many people
were so cool and he goes hold on he
pulls out two M's and he just gave him
to us and that night we were broke the
ruins broke and Here I am with a new
like camera that I thought was epic and
then you show up with this and I feel
like it's it's happening all over again
how that shit like this right here 25
going and what about this right here
60 each other than expensive penis
enlargement yeah yeah like a real Cylon
you do it I do it more on it oh my god
I've never heard anything like it yeah
Paul
you buy something you're like yes
winning and they're like fucking Thanks
there's your long line yeah Bellona
these time is raining so we cookies I
love it yeah I just feel like no
photographer ever flip said well I saw
or like when you have this much money
around liking you you know I'm really
clumsy I forgot the red yesterday in the
store now we have some play here
so here's my new trick you okay so you
learned a trick I'm everything but
reckless but you have to watch him as
well so look at the camera
my son my son
yes yeah you get a real smile
that's the only thing enough we learn
everything about numbers and all the
dumb shit this is what we should be
larger the real stuff keep working it
really Marcus is now going to be the
subject well I need a break I can
already smell a new into the post right
now on lock shoots we like him out a
little bit open it a little bit open
nose right lock a little bit some smart
smart yeah uh he's really here because
he wants to be the third guy on the team
is focused announce Madison yeah whoever
can apply that has a face one bonus it's
very good if you put liquid like water
into his face it kind of freezes it
because it is you only get the hell you
yeah let's go to spray and of course we
have to spray with water apparently to
make photo better to me
three two one go did you get it one more
time three to it once queuing or three
two one I'm sorry I actually let me that
describe this okay here we are
three two one oh honey I stopped to the
internal buildings
yes sorry yes you're one of my best
friends oh no one else baby stories like
that very rhythm you said yes you made
me with a whole
quite takes my stuff you get to do that
all the time that's my thing
open your eyes open eyes all right this
is a bad prank hey we got your inner
fortitude yeah oh yeah it's good photos
yeah we can okay thank you
we good - I want my job back
okay I can take your job though no
you're the model now you hear looking
every hair and it's all with that means
sane but when you're forced to shoot
girls that are kind of naked
you have to multitask and like put on
the lotion and stuff or yeah I'll be the
fertility of one guy yeah it's love you
saying look he's like he's a double
topics it's one of those in the second
of ice cubes for the nipple so that's
the two jobs on the system you pay him
yeah sure really a thousand years a day
that's like this one on the right foot
and he's all read the lotion I thank you
very good he's very good at math I
guarantee I can be better at the nipple
thing nowhere in my next life I'll marry
Paul I'm exhibition set of four cameras
next to each other and like now okay oh
no we shouldn't maybe Marcus spring but
first yes lunch at first we're going to
eat the Marcus Bell Bob energized for
more shooting
smile don't smile you know you're making
me laugh I'm supposed to make you laugh
we kind of we go we have petals fork
right here and then we have the sixth of
the pizza right over there yeah so we
don't like to venture off into like
unknown territory nope it was good right
very good
this is like now you can kind of see why
we are like we are because when you know
people who have strived for a perfection
their whole life and just done it in
photography then that transcends into
our decision-making should we see your
list Marcus yes we were discussing third
persons as like poll seems to be hard to
convince it's oh look yeah and the good
thing with Paul is that he's not afraid
to tell you like dude that was shitty
like what were you thinking
like you'll give it to us straight up
which is because yeah the German way we
are thinking what are you thinking about
ballast here yeah thank you undressed
Hamish bright the one I've seen the most
comment on people saying like this is
incredible the look is not the best the
best the best he's good at editing he's
good in After Effects he looks good he
has a good age 21 yeah perfect two sons
but doesn't matter okay like come on
please sleep get out what looks good out
of time it's only one I wanna watch
again the other five he's my favorite as
well so you gotta tell him on the first
day that there's a microphone he's gonna
say oh yes really do a microphone it
exists in our life any honey's on my
application for this job
can we not know we're doing it please
all right Paul so objectively now look
at this application video and see what
you think of this guy 20 years old from
Bergen in Norway
Daltry video good job
supper heaven true if I'd exact I came
to come here but there's potential you
think what do you need to cancel it's
horrible yeah but but you can you see
that it is it has nine view so first
application Billy has nine lives and now
we have a lot of 250,000 views so as a
resume there's one which is good and
another one which is not totally bad and
all of the rest is not what you're
looking for I guess ok so we have one
person that's good it should be already
here invite him to like you know just
hang out for a week and testing yeah
that would be cool should we so I'm
drill Sam you're more than invited to
spend the week with those two use your
chance really like your After Effects
skills and I hope you're going to find
some style to them or with them and
you're going to spend a week with these
two and Yony probably and they're going
to test you and they're going to face
like the only thing to me yes I
Instagram life yeah so nothing final but
under house if you're up for it we'd
love to find one of the tricks that
we're doing and I mean see first of all
you might hate us so you might not like
like I don't want to do that so it's
like a week trying out some testing yeah
for both of them living go to the
overkill life yes sir so yeah hit us up
and let's yeah we gotta figure out where
to go first I actually follow me on
Instagram so oh you're perfect yeah
I'm you guys can you be in Hawaii
tomorrow okay let's talk on Instagram
yeah
thank you for everyone with something
everyone thanks and yeah nothing is
final so no no deadline to fund anything
yeah but you got to be better than
Andrea just look at Andres video and
think that whatever you send then needs
to be better and you need to be cooler
so yeah
so I'm going to try to be you know till
now Red Bull
all the way in and so we're trying we're
testing so we are rendering on this
computer and after that we're going to
take the same thing the same project on
the brand new macbook 2016 with the
highest whatever you can put in there
and find out how much faster it's going
to be I create you God that you're brand
new fully expect my cookies Louis shit
otherwise you will officially have
become my most expensive friend x fork
this will do it okay let's try it okay
no wait a second hit export yep one two
three you know what is going to happen
if that thing's faster what's going to
happen we're going to go on Apple calm
and like max max max max order you want
to my Canon camera okay okay so if it is
if it is more than 33% faster we're
getting new ones you're going to say so
so 333 let's try off okay what is 33% of
of 332 yeah 221 are you there one two
three go no hurry computer this is
getting so oh this is actually getting
really this is oh my yeah come on please
no doubt you're in trouble turn I'll
take up to 25 we see it funny
yes and then we have their own perkiness
we triggered since we are testing we
could test the max a 13 inch old one as
well yeah I never thought the difference
would be this big
99% okay yeah 7 6 10 so you'll say 6 9
rosid 333 333 225 now there we have it
today some apple or rendering tests
yeah but with that said we've had so
much to talk about all day and I mean
Paul has already made fun of enough of
our here so I say today Paul you get the
end of one
yes a German either IVFs I mean either I
might suggest to them he think enough
before does Yonatan can I let her
lengthen for the PNR to Nellore to visit
to the country farm I cannot even who'll
open one kind of English nation slalom
stranglin fan of a frog Afyon can I
google Hockney same kind of garnish
munch my hands were speaking to - Sean
yet again Mia yummy in dim blocks eyes
are showing me that Agana cheers job I
hope it's a nice thing
