hey Walker
good morning Gordon Morga how's it going
you're like aa camera nerds
okay so first verdict is that this is
the crazy setup I've ever shot the hell
out of this world and since I do have a
website where I used to publish a bunch
of photos and I never do I'm gonna put
all these so you can check out the link
in the description and I'm gonna try to
get better and posting more photos nice
most of all taking a lot more it's just
so sick how is it on film that film wise
how's the slider what's your book so I
love it it's good yeah
love it excitement to start the day yes
and lots of dog photos yep and b-roll
and b-roll but it's just so funny you
think you can shoot anything it looks
cool yep look it you look good thank you
at saying a lot just kidding it's just
the autofocus like it's so nice um but
now we got to stop playing with this
because we are going to full screen
which is our YouTube network and we are
gonna work on some merchandise that's
exciting
since we're them too focused on working
on our camera gear our merchandise
progress has not been that fast but now
we're gonna get to it today yeah sorry
not gonna work really yeah they're gonna
jump off a train or something no what
are you gonna do I don't know what I'm
doing yet no uh I need to bring a lot of
pads that's a bad job description yeah
you guys get to go talk about
merchandise I'm gonna go get hurt yeah
you're gonna be cool we should switch
jobs for the blog I would love that
at all it's just out of this world did
they have the 51 - they didn't have it
oh no no oh it's what I get something in
my hat I can't get it out there you're
obsessed
like I would rob a bank in order to get
what I want
so this morning I was up real early
sending a lot of emails so that we can
find more things no we gotta go it's
like oh yeah bring the camera come on
okay yeah okay see you later foldable
model Marlon okay bye Marley you and we
gotta go
what's Riley's fault okay this is the
big big dog truck right yeah now he's
the older camera yeah we have the mirror
yeah we're just going to do a girl going
to meet you Tim overkill this is like
doing merchandise this is what we bring
we're like no we yeah we're just going
to meeting so we don't bring it actually
do you want to drive um yeah sure just
uh I want to feel I should have been
doing a lot of work when I was shooting
okay yeah yeah fine hey um can I Drive
your truck around yeah of course okay
thank you I'm not gonna be back to like
three or four in the morning probably so
if you guys can feed the dogs tonight
when you get back like six o'clock
whenever you get home whatever yeah just
feed them let them out to go pee and
stuff make sure they go to the bathroom
and stuff before bed and then you can
sleep with whatever one you want
okay you should me a text with the times
and info okay all right cuz we all know
my memory is not what it should luck in
dead be safe thank you
yeah this is what we need let's do some
production like look here it's like
place for the red here in the middle
we're all set perfecto let's go let's go
make some merch
but that was quick
it was well navigated thank you job well
done
carpool lanes love it let's have two
seconds of the log and just appreciate
this party come look at this
come look alright look at this but the
rear wheel is like inch more to the
right what do you mean an inch I don't
see an inch with your perfect parking I
realized that this lens was a mistake
what because it's so good that we want
it on this camera and on the photo
camera but we only have one so so maybe
we should should get the 51.2 as well
then we can switch off ah all right we
need to go tell Adam show us the money
show me the money I'm gonna go in there
and scream show me the money
yeah we said we wouldn't celebrate it
like a million it's like the start of
like celebrating a little okay now we
have to now we have to go thanks for
thank you that's cool
can we keep them oh yeah oh yeah nice
now we actually give these to everyone
at least 500 yeah the resale yeah
can be recycled every other week there's
new gosh yeah so that was mine bye thank
you
you have the balloon man we said we
wouldn't celebrate 500 we're not
celebrating we're walking around with
balloons so this is the 500 Kenneth K
celebration no this is we got balloon
celebration oh yeah that is my problem
in life that I am never satisfied with
anything but I think a million that's a
little cool you know we do appreciate
everyone giving us all the love yes we
do that's what like motivates us to walk
around like this
yep because every day we want to
surprise everyone and make everyone
happy
yeah so now we're going to go and check
out some clothing and stuff so we can
get this merch on the road real quick so
I don't have to go to Sarah and buy new
stuff every two weeks
so many factors to get I got the right
fit the material and all of it yes
because you know us we're annoyingly
much perfection it has to be good yeah
of course
we want just to merchandise it's like
hey let's make a buck and do some ugly
stuff no it needs to be good I mean
we're not really going to make
merchandise we're going to make cool
stuff where we want and then we might
make a bunch of extra that's nice yeah
how were you successful and I got three
noes into yeses power-washed
that was yes for me as well like I'm
getting this which was this it's the
same on like I'm buying it yeah I'm
gonna I like to research it's okay yes
that looks really good
yeah I'm getting like I'm buying it so
it's a large yes why does the mind out
wider than that are you shot if I'm what
it from what fat
yes yes yes green that's approved
tone-on-tone like pink printing yes it's
happening this goes under the research
budget and it's way better to buy
clothing the camera here no need for
explosion today no some good stuff some
less good stuff but when you do stuff
you got to start and build a knowledge
base and test so step one complete step
2 feed the dogs oh yeah come on that's
the second time in two months can't put
me charge you this kind of stuff my
brain can only handle so many things at
the same time that was one too many all
right I agree back to dog food in this
cabinet okay here is a lot of okay we
have willow third of a cup cup and a
half and more idli 3/4 of a cup cha-cha
Walker can I get the big bulb we're
gonna feed Walker first otherwise he's
gonna steal everyone else's food yeah
wait are you gonna be the popular guy
now delivering the food yes Walker sick
wait wait well get in my way
all right um Marley's Cup that guy do
you want food
come in come and get food what do you
mean no you don't need any more food but
Riley told us to feed you
where sit
Marley sit
he doesn't monastic no everybody's happy
we're the only ones that doesn't eat
yeah but it's such a waste of time
valuable Daylight Time when you can do
productive things I almost forgot these
congratulations
Riley well this way Riley can keep the
balloons here until he reaches 500 can
Instagram yes Walker you cannot eat the
blues follow the gay yeah I think we
should celebrate 500k by saying good
night okay because we got edit the bunch
of photos from this morning put on the
blog we gotta export the vol you import
the vlog and edit the vlog and then we
gotta figure out where to go yes
I spent the last 45 minutes looking at
storm systems around the world trying to
figure out where to go so Japan doesn't
look like if we were kind of thinking
about going to Japan tomorrow but it
doesn't look like Japan is getting much
snow hmm Canada it doesn't look that
much either
Velen Aspen I think they've gotten a lot
but it doesn't look like much mores
coming um and of course there's a lot of
snow in Mammoth in Tahoe but I don't
like mammoths and I don't know Tahoe
that well and I feel like you should
really know the places so I'm going to
continue hitting up everyone I know on
social media yeah that's them I was just
talking to Kim block actually oh cool
yeah cuz I saw Kim was in Japan and so
I'm like texting my Mike house to snow
out there and then I said I never
thought I would send my message to you
asking about the snow reported always
thought it'd be a car related question
but yeah that's about the story for now
we're gonna figure out where to go maybe
we'll jump on a flight to Hawaii and
wait for more you know snow somewhere
right Walker all right we'll check back
tomorrow maybe we know more about future
plans then yes
it's not Walker wants to play the jokes
god tchau
