there's no worry with that you know he's
a skier good now he's converted uh-huh
Rama herded I'm a hundred percent
converted no but we're doing some
product development and riding out of
snowboard so I figured I would do some
double-checking okay let's see hmm looks
good yeah I think it's it's really like
I guess we haven't showed too much about
this pad
Newsies today's comment by the way yeah
I've seen a million questions after I
wore this pack when I was Tommy skiing
and it's at the new douche bag and yes
it's one of the new products that are
coming out and we have just received
this sample a couple weeks ago prototype
prototype first sample which is crazy
because usually first samples are like
ooh like they look like a grocery
shopping bag so the fact that this is
first sample is pretty crazy so that is
I think what I love the most about
working with douche bags is that when
you work on a sample I get the sample I
go heli-skiing and use the bag for eight
hours a day and try to find every little
detail that I think could be better for
example okay so just one example imagine
you're up on the mountain and like BAM
there's an avalanche like you are so
stressed that you want to get your pack
out and like make sure your buddy
doesn't die so then I was thinking when
you're out in the snow and the cold and
everything like finding zippers can
sometime take take a few extra seconds
so I was just thinking like what if you
had orange or red zipper pullers on the
pocket where you have your shovel 3:55
you know like these little mini details
but that I think shows that a product
has really been analyzed and sort of
perfected like one of the things I
wanted like I wanted a ski pack that
looks you know less technical so if I
wanted to take this and fly to the
mountain with it I didn't want it to
look like super super hiking bag I want
to like look like something riding would
wear yeah would you wear it
I would absolutely wear but one thing
that is pretty cool is that you know a
waist strap you know you need it when
you ski your snowboard or do anything
but if you're walking around on an
airplane it looks like super outdoor
technical so then we made a solution
here that you can just remove that and
then you have the chest strap that you
can just put up like this so you can
kind of hide away a lot of it so it's
really fun I'll show you more of this
once we have a later sample not sure I
was supposed to show it what you're
really sharing sharing scary so what I'm
doing right here you might have seen a
lot of different things is that we are
working on the branding so logos and all
this this is a team effort we've done
this a lot of times for a lot of
different paths yeah cuz it's good I
mean Marcus and Riley they're stylish
people and I'm like Justin Bieber
wearing guys so it's good ask for their
opinion um yep so that's sort of what
we're starting out the morning with
trying to figure out logo sizes and then
combining all the different bags and the
second question of the day one is douche
bag gonna restock their their website
mmm and I know that we've been out of
stock and trust me like last year we
ordered so much we thought we'd have
gear for three years ahead and then oh
you guys bought too much stuff so we ran
out mega quickly so then we told the
factory you need to send us more real
quick and I guess they told the boat
driver with all the bags to go a little
too fast because this is what to happen
to the boat
and that is the actual boat where the
douche bags are on yes I'm a big of the
big boat on the big boat ya know this
wall yeah of course
so on the big one so they had to replace
the ship and then bring it back but we
should be restocked in about a month or
so perfect just so you know like where
you are trying but when a boat crashes
you can't really do much we'll let you
know once it's out but now you need to
stop filming so I can finish this okay
we can go on Sammy
yeah
and Oh sammich I mean when we're in
Europe we have no chance to look at
anything cool because they just have the
standard stuff so that's why when we
come to LA we have to come to Sammy's
and look at all the drabness cool stuff
feels like I got it from Home Depot so
they don't sell it did it I don't know
I thought they recalled everyone
carpenter yeah they read they fell out
of the sky I read that they recall all
the Rico doldrums and I'm out that I'm
selling you go did they have dollies and
stuff here is that up or down oh I think
even like a dolly because you're gonna
buy so much stuff this is like almost
sort of where it all started it did this
is where Riley brought me when I bought
my first manual lens and then that
turning to light guy and here we are
over throat some zonies and drones and
you can hear about the sony - i think we
need this case in cree Hetal Zoe Hart
Crane I know when I first had a video
blog back in 2007 we had a crane and a
dawn raid this is like 9,000 times
better than ours did you want to switch
jobs Markus
like imagine the shots of the dogs in
the morning with that when do we gotta
leave not good come on here and just
look at it come on give it a try I am
looking at it oh no you don't know any
meat come here come on
stop what you have scissors no no no no
now go down now let me take a photo you
just shoot shooting with it oh yeah I
just sometimes wish I could be born more
normal and how much is the 85 one to the
King so this happened what I'm just
checking out your bill isn't everything
this whole my whole idea with bills is
that you don't look at ok so the idea
was that we're gonna get a wider lens
for the red so we can use that they
didn't have the one we wanted so then we
tried on this 85 1.2 we're just like
magic in essence a magic in play it's
crazy like look how big that is
yeah hey hey yep awesome mommio thing
you made a mistake of trying it on this
yeah that I tried it on the Canon 5d
Mark for which Reilly opened my eye for
a little while ago and then I was like I
was missing to like SL to take photos
cuz my Instagram's not killing it right
now I'm buying it for Yanni's this is
not this is not for me
Jonnie this is for you so that you can
have many beautiful photos and then we
went upstairs and found a new tripod had
which is way smoother um and then inside
of this thing it's a slider hmm
so we get your dogs is like slice it
just let your bureau all day I just want
to be like of the Michael Bay ship the
type of style you need explosions and
naked chicks then you don't have either
of those that's your part yeah okay
let's do would you like one about myself
I didn't buy a single thing today
what is this No
Allen's case Oh No Oh pilot fly better
okay so that's overall super successful
accept the fact that never cheap to go
to a camera store seeing him wander like
this is not a good idea you know stop
wandering stay close coming we need a
leash on him hey I need gonna miss a
nice tract no you don't we may have at
home you can have it just let's go click
come on
it's called passion it's called passion
for everything and I wish you could turn
it off sometimes can you wander again
yeah yeah that's this airport like
proved I actually think No yeah cuz I
carry all the camera stuff and you're
walking around with an empty douche bag
yeah so we can fill up my douche bag so
I carry more stuff
yeah but then when you go on like
holidays and I'm stuck with all the
stuff oh yeah that's true
no more holidays you either buy this or
you have any holidays okay let's head
let's take this this is perfect you look
at it yeah son Hamill yeah a lot like
you have like yeah
stuff yeah this is perfect thumbs up and
then when you're on a holiday I'm
usually with him and then I'll have to
carry everything so you should
definitely get it yes
um approved that's great good like look
at this guy oh yeah this is a region of
space look did I mention I'm a bag nerd
yes you did
he's had Red Bulls all day no food like
how do you put it how do you actually
walk look at this one creature yeah we
are still waiting for the guy to pay
it's like we're ready to use they're
exactly the same what do you do
you're comparing identical bags that
lived again different pockets like this
this guy doesn't have a laptop potty on
the outside you get them with the laptop
v 17 inch laptop you are set my friend
no it's a camera bag so people will pay
expensive for to protect their expensive
gear well did they pay extra to like
have ugly bags - yes we have to believe
that God's to confirm whoa what happened
there and see good job guys but is it
yeah thank you so much for the help
we're gonna try to not come back - okay
thank you
I don't know you know what about the
fishing vest you know the fall box
wasn't that bright when we walked in yes
washing it like morning when we walked
in hey I think I kind of lost track of
time
yes yes yes yes I'd say varieties
operated
Italian
sorry to say it again this is the best
beeps on the world you get hungry for
like all the shopping surprised that
thing isn't melted thank you
we're not done yet though wait one more
surprise in store we go home
spin it golden spoon that's all you guys
I'm gonna diet that's all Riley I'm
gonna died as well come on it's on me
thank you I went to see you oh it's warm
oh yeah thank you thanks for the help
guys okay sorry
yeah just good stuff it's like late
Christmas look at this new tripod it's
like you know how girls look at Gucci
bags and we're like okay so we're going
to be the first daily vlog to use a
slider on that daily basis this is
YouTube logging in 2016 Reds and sliders
how excited come look oh come on come
look
that lens is insane the lens is crazy
but I'm really diggin the slider idea -
yeah of course
okay good job totally worth it
like you never viel loud voice night
good job yeah that was really cool
actually yeah like what a good idea
right yeah
super good onion that we are gonna say
ciao from LA and we'll see everybody
tomorrow ciao Cheers
stop it
