Oh
turn
to
well good morning good margon Marcus
what are you doing I'm heating up
breakfast we said with that breakfast if
we bought a lot of pizza so you know
Brent and I saw that we never said which
piece that was best the was it the
Italian what was the detail he knows
about hundred-person italian pepperoni
it's the best at sixth so yeah we're
gonna start the date hanging out dogs
heating pizza and then I need to go buy
something to wear because I brought
heavy ski lodge clothing so I have a lot
of underlayer ski goggles and like doing
some stuff yeah nothing else yeah so
that's like the one thing we need to do
make sure we can think of a million
other things to do play with the dogs
yeah
hey always play with the dogs you just
couldn't wait good you know we knew
there'd be a lot of brutes here you
wanted to see how much we were right
yeah it's like you cannot find a worse
place to dig but that writing has this
badass like brute chopper we're gonna
get that one right there that huge all
right your turn
empty that hole then you got teamwork
going on no deep doesn't have to be the
bigger the hole bigger the plans that is
see I put a lot of proud pride in
shoveling with all the jumps we made
over the years I consider myself a good
I'm better with a shovel than an axe a
pro Shoveler yeah but dirt can't be as
fun as snow know how many Range Rover
owners do you think is digging in the
mud themselves they're not there at Home
Depot buying people by you people but if
you don't do it yourself you don't learn
how to do it but like we're getting
pretty close to a small plant all right
we're gonna come back once I need this
hole is filled with something awesome
it's that time again yeah Riley was
asking me like don't you like my stuff
and Sarah like every two
where does it all go I don't know miles
it it's not in my bag I know that I
think a bit of Medicine marbella but I
do know that we did not plan for city
life so now I took Riley shoes he made
me dig a hole in the mud with mine well
it is nice that they're a little less
summery than the other ones we have
perfect kind of like those red means to
sound like such a boring all-black all
the time sure yeah it's just so easy
I like ambitious I love shopping with
you it's like it's not a minute yeah
yeah first prayer looked up
bam bam
oh yes okay so we are still limited with
luggage space so should not go wild can
I pick you out one t-shirt yes okay I
think it would look good on you
yes I'll rock that just because Yanni
loves Justin Bieber gold digger I am a
gold digger like we actually even dig
like how would this suit me the fact
that you're putting money in Bieber's
pocket it's frustrating my mom and don't
like yes
that's cool actually I won't that
success again now I can feel like a non
dirty human being oh wait no I need a
shaver and then once we have that we're
good to go
more plants huh I'm writing the Harper's
Garden staff and beavers apparently I
got it for you just for your Marcus now
we're gonna see if we find space here
for for big poem P and to promise we
have pipes underneath but it's alright
we totally know what we're doing
while we're doing this again we went to
go buy a shaver and toothpaste we ended
up getting ma more palm trees more
poultry at least this one's lighter than
last night's but I think it's taller it
is more bang for the buck and then yeah
we have this to home delivery say what
this far away is a Kenya palm tree just
to explain this is a hundred and eighty
bucks big one sixty bucks it's like the
Gucci of palm trees nice really pushing
rally here right direction in life
there goes should be gardeners we should
make t-shirts and have like a van that
says like Riley noon gardening yep but
to do it for other people not as fun as
doing it for yourself let's not buy any
more toothpaste today oh this is big
 pill will it fit in the hole yes
I'm saying yes
I'm trying not to lift my back in a
pizza even though I am staff that's
gonna be so nice yeah oh yeah we're good
hey if the hole isn't big enough come on
three two one oh my god it's a perfect
go a little this way that's $1 you think
it's a they won't matter in the long run
it's just fun in the beginning or is it
better if this big one drapes over the
fence that way so it's like but if when
you come in then you'd see the like the
is that better than having it shouldn't
this be around the tree oh yeah that's
true or am i stupid now you're totally
smart hold on wait yeah we got to put
that underneath Marcus I love that um I
mean I would help but you have my back
to the tour oh we can try to like put it
be smarter and the palm tree guys
perfect good job
then reserved yeah I guess this vlog has
today turned into a palm-tree and food
vlog like yesterday's mode no then we
travel then we reviewed Airlines yeah
that's true but that this is all we have
done today yep
so we can like Devine it ring that's the
excuse yep yeah should we end today here
J does not get any more exciting than
this nope we have regular I lost you
unless you like palm trees then it
definitely person yeah I say so
Walker do you want to say goodbye or do
you just want to you hey we will say
ciao from LA
Calabasas I never forgot to say ciao you
said cheers I was there II said I could
finish it okay ciao ciao ciao
