you ready for this I am ready for this I
think all right take to us flying I
don't want to go through security more
times without going anywhere so let's
hope that whatever gate this is it'll
take us where we want to go yep
we'll stay secret for a little longer
okay so today we're we're continuing our
review of WestJet they've been very
helpful they just didn't get the flight
off in the air yeah the lady yesterday
was she was great yeah yeah she did kill
it so uh so far while mixed review we're
looking at i'm just looking at winter
but i really like it up here in canada
because I feel like in Europe and
Scandinavia I used to be winter when I
was a kid it was all white and like you
have to shovel snow and now I feel like
that's gone yeah so that's why I just
sort of I just come on went to so I'm
going to leave the winter we're gonna
leave the winter at least for a couple
days okay we're gonna rest our bodies
for a couple days because I can feel
that I need that do a lot of stretching
and Rehab and then we're going to keep
an eye on the weather map and either fly
up to Whistler or back up into this area
so in your renewed seats what do you
think she's it does not look like the
picture that we bought justly no they
were like modern and nice and big and
that's true see I've never understood
why not put a big city just like instead
of like just walk in the middle see
right okay I'm you got seats any
suitcases should be first not awesome if
you have a coat or jacket feels like an
old place it's cream sauce your flight
attendants will be happy
yeah not water I thought this would be a
good first review because the pictures
look so nice really done if there is
anything we can do for you or you have
any question or concern please let us
know
we'll be very happy to go our flight
time will be two hours and
and the whole Los Angeles hello son
hello son I've seen the thumbs in flight
let's just say we didn't bring
sunglasses hello bah ok Westra
Plus porn
and if one review Thanks LAX buses look
at the seats
okay every airline that makes to take a
bus to Terminal
not good oh you found them I found the
skis
good then we have everything we have
everything so we can conclude our our
WestJet preview yep
what do you think um I think on the
positive sides fantastic staff in
Calgary we all lover
yes no I'm on the rest seats not awesome
have to take a bus not awesome cancelled
flight canceled oh yeah that's on the
minus side to and from the time we got
off the flight until we got the bags
probably an hour so would you recommend
this to any friend I would say you can
fly West jet if you need to but I
wouldn't recommend it no more flying
today though no now it's food because
you know what's close to the airport
let's goes to the airport pretty smart
in and um I read your guys's minds you
did he was one step ahead of us he was
we've done this before I know where we
go so I took that step out good job
Riley to Danko's now this is service oh
yes
Thank You Riley I wouldn't I wouldn't be
a good Californian if I didn't bring it
out there
Fortuna oh yes
look at those plants bland you guys
remember we were here I think no I don't
think we showed it no but yeah no we we
wanted we wanted to respect the old
owner yeah so basically welcome to Casa
new Reilly good or yes on you relic
castle Olson and Balor now yes we're
taking Oliver we are this is Casa
overkill no overkill what's up it's our
US headquarters yes on surfboards
so you basically both face the last time
we were here right literally yeah you
want to know the best part about all
this is that I now have a plant and palm
tree buddy we're playing at he's gotten
obsessed with it as well I want to see
what I've done
yeah yeah what's so far about what I've
done okay so there used to be crazy
vines over the vines yeah walk out here
Laci took them all off did all these for
now they're all gonna grow bigger but I
think I'm gonna take some of these out
and do more birds paradise in here yeah
I want to buy plants to put in here so I
have like it's like a it's the
housewarming gift but at the same time I
want my own plane yep I just want to go
to the plant place and buy them so the
you guys call these birds of paradise
see these are called strelitzia in Spain
yeah and then there's a lot of
difference to Alicia that's a prime
example Felice yeah yeah as you would
say oh yeah it's a prime example they
used to be like this big apartment are
you ready for this dog reveal dogs are
you alway beat this morning
hey dogs oh hey how's the overheal Oh
what was it dark green before Jenna
Moto's yeah okay here goes photos and
now it's like this good job Ronnie and
the pool and the gauge is gone yeah and
all the big stands yeah ah yeah the
fence insane difference this is so nice
Riley Thanks
Congrats thank you yeah that was my line
speed upgrade our US headquarters yeah
you know at least I could do see now it
doesn't feel like we're in a hurry to
get snow up there yeah it's like my
little plants are growing it I'm so
happy that someone else is loving plants
oh yeah no one loves plants
no one cares no the notes like you oh
you guys get too excited I miss these
dogs so this is Marley and Willow and
water and Walker
we've been we've been walking around the
house for the last hour and a half like
discussing palm tree ideas and I think
I'm almost as excited as if it was my
house it's so nice having someone who's
actually excited to like every one of my
friends so I'm like hey what do you
think about palm tree they're like wait
what home tree like why do I care what
are you talking about so uh what we
called the six to six the sixth has the
best pizza in the world I'm claiming
possibly the best food and food in the
world
so tonight claiming that is we are gonna
mind is the pizza though yeah but that's
why tonight we are gonna grab every
pizza on the menu so that we can test
them all out and then we have breakfast
for like a week yes yes yes it is the
absolute best in the world I'm always
getting hungry already again my dogs
we've got customers start here we just
went straight at it we're sitting around
we're like not just let's just go look
and I just think it's so funny that
Riley likes it this has potential yeah
this this is good what do you think of
this like do you find this interesting
at all or not as much as you do but like
I'm learning I'm I'm on the way to being
in a poem expert here's my small palm I
have a feeling we're gonna come back to
this place like every day for a week
well there's a lot more we're gonna go
to nice one in Malibu that's insane oh I
mean these are the ones I bought for the
by the pool and then they key with this
when you buy like a bunch is that you
check and see how many mini trunks you
have at the bottom this is nice he's got
to be at least double the price right
200 bucks where should we go to like see
the Kardashians anywhere around here
I saw Courtney yesterday in her black
mail ah really yeah coming in Kim live
right in there in Hidden Hills and then
almost of the I don't want I mean the
mom I think lives in there and then all
the other ones live in a gated community
just up at my house let's go there yeah
you think they want to be on the vlog
Kendall come on I think they have the
biggest vlog of all time yeah they do
is the u n-- jury this is the you entry
is it this is my welcome home gift to
the house this is the katakana team
overkill
yeah I'm just worried about digging the
hole for it oh we got Marcus that's true
what I mean we can have pizza and hang
out and I'll have Marcus ticket tonight
this pizza not you don't mess with pizza
but before Pizza night we got to get
this to the truck and into the truck
okay let's do it
which is a terrible plan I can do know
somewhere you we're gonna have some
issues smelly one two three CrossFit oh
my god okay so we're good but do we drag
it or should I
oh oh yeah I'm on film duty your turn go
go go go go go go go
here comes the poem this one since I
started shopping now like Riley starting
up from scratch
Oh DOM and the truck is there one two
I don't find really like that real
problem
mommy is again dragging the ground yep
this is perfect a quick trip to go look
at plants god Riley putting us to work
right as we like show off this game all
right think we're gonna be all right
perfect
good job guys no problem how's the
CrossFit skills Marcus hi team no
problem is out representing today as
well we are when you want a palm tree
you buy it and then you just figure out
a way to get it home oh no problem oh
this is like cheating oh no I was gonna
say it's so much more fun when you're
doing it and not paying for it but then
I you realize that you paid
like one on the downside one what other
people are into this kind of stuff we
get a feel for we need sunlight but look
at that prime example yeah that's the
best housewarming gift I've ever gotten
yeah good mm-hmm but I say for now we
consider this mission a success
or he's gonna continue we're gonna order
pizza we are the sixth the best pizza in
the world
yes coming in hot you know what the lady
asked me are you guys having a party
that's three of us oh my no I just think
you guys have the best pizza in the
world and I wanted to make sure that we
could try them all so we know which one
to use in the future so you really meant
it when you said every Pizza map we are
come over here right we just have a
quick look at yeah whoops whoa good that
was so hungry okay so mushrooms
pepperoni that's your favorite right
yeah yeah it tallies this look it
come on get in my face look at it this
is a reason to travel to LA just for the
pizza oh my god
all right this one god I got it actually
that's it let's make sure that we can
focus 100% on the pizza and end today's
vlog here okay where are you what end is
running yeah I'm good at ending vlogs
because it's English yeah
we're in America yep from LA over and
out Cheers
goodbye tell us a perfect ending
