hey guys hi hi thanks for coming it's
been amazing excellent it was great
having it
thank you about hey Carol it's a travel
day yeah but not like a normal travel
day because you don't start normal
travel day in the mountains for the
helicopter
you don't know enemy are and not every
travel day starts with you not knowing
where you're going to go I was about to
say what's the destination I figured we
fly to the car and then we have some
time to think in the car but I am going
to miss waking up in the morning walking
out and taking the heli to go skiing
every day that's like the goal to figure
out how to do that real soon again in
like three days I pour my body needs
four days rest okay
Oh
oh my god it's cold look at your knees
Marcus
yeah I've been good I'm Marcus needs my
needs aren't reefing forget about the
knees okay I'm gonna start up and heat
up the car okay perfect
but I am gonna miss having a helicopter
in my life every single day I am now
officially hook and bitten by the
heli-skiing drug I'm glad they have one
of these otherwise I'd be using my
credit card and that would be really
cold but I wish you would so much snow
that we had to use a shovel why cuz I
love snow haven't you noticed sorry for
the excitement it's fine it's just like
I think out over all the years of pro
skiing it becomes a job and you feel
pressure but when you let go of that you
feel like you're 17 and you just keep
because you love it that's how I feel
right now that's good but now I'm a kid
with more opportunities
I found one bag o'night anymore yeah oh
no okay
you
you
and we're back in bed yeah we're looking
for Internet
because we didn't have time to upload
the vlog before we left this morning so
now we are late which we don't like to
be but it's not because we're just lazy
no there's just physically no way to
upload a vlog when you're in the
helicopter yeah so now I think there's a
Starbucks here in Banff maybe we should
ask someone but then again I don't like
asking excuse me a Starbucks
there's two one in a safe way which is
the back side of that big brown building
oh and the other ones on the Main Street
literally like right there okay perfect
thank you thanks Oh Starbucks Starbucks
Park okay I'll drop you off here and
find parking okay see you see you side
welcome we up and running yep house
internet speed and checking out okay
well then I'm gonna look for tickets
okay cool because we need someone to go
we got lucky
is it good it is because sometimes you
know it can take five hours or like
eight and I did not want to sit that
Starbucks sprayed out Kamini oh that's
so good yeah it looks promising
or for my promising for the day girl who
wants four lucky
I like puck vlog is live tickets booked
life under control everything is good
for once we were 100% lucky and well
accepted it's gonna be cold in the car
but but I think we set a new record
booking a ticket what is it four hours
before the flight it's leaving in four
hours yeah that's pretty good even for
us
you
I'm sad leaving this car
I'm not what up it's slippery like a
like a snake on the road is it like a
snake yeah I was just saying they should
have a studded tyres here in Canada
these are not cutting it we did return
it a day early do we get any money back
oh did you do a weekly rate or daily
daily either then you should get back
here double check oh nice 300 bucks for
a week that's not that you haven't used
it much dose over the whole that's none
of that we're gonna need it here in few
days anyway the funding a lot of other
dogs are saying yep we have too much
stuff you and will tell no one we don't
have a coffee now it's easy that we
don't have a coffee in my hat Oh chicken
 I'm actually wondering if checking
us started we are in time for what's the
first time we're actually on time for
the airport is when we booked it on the
way maybe that's the key to success for
us is booking on the way to the airport
cuz then we're already on the way and
we'll be on time well unless we got a
flat tire frustrated yeah now it says
the are let's go to the collies insert
your credit card please remove your card
quit help please check it into yeah
down to our international dress okay
yeah thank you
um where are you guys staying ready go -
I need the address how much how much
delay this it expected to be um it's 20
minutes right now oh there you go thank
you for thank you a camera makes me
nervous I'm sorry
if you want to check out what we usually
do we should delete it so this was
yesterday morning that's amazing
you're fast yeah it's like I asked you
three times down yeah all the other
guests were all laughing they're like
you never turn my gotta like Jordie I
like going straighten him out Maddie
oh yes my necks a little sore today Lee
boom yeah it was like it was first runs
it was like oh good morning
that is awesome okay
all right thank you so nice to meet you
thank you okay bye
such a cool lady yeah she was really
nice and you showed on the vlog yeah
well you know like she was curious what
we're doing then you know why not take
the time and sure yeah so so far whis
WestJet is doing a good job
yes maybe we should start like reviewing
all the airlines that we fly tell us in
the comments should we review Airlines
and yes whatever we booked tickets we go
online and Google to check how the seats
look and all that yeah and it's kind of
hard to find information so let us know
in the comments if we should give you
guys a quick review of what we think of
different airlines and airports and
stuff like that yeah Berlin Airport yeah
we can right now say that don't go to
Berlin Airport that's the one we don't
like it you hate that one so far I'm
really like in Calgary Airport
No
yeah
okay I'm sorry you're going um to west
on West yet this is Air Canada oh okay
okay
wrong yet what we are lost
um 85 86 both of us failed miserably
really really really flights canceled
flights canceled so five people boarded
the plane came right back out and flight
canceled so WestJet your reviews not
going stellar so far no it's not so what
are we gonna do well I picked up the
computer because there's a huge line of
everyone trying to figure out what to do
so I'm just gonna go online and see if
there's anywhere else that we can get
tonight out of Calgary it's like a yeah
I think we're probably the least word
people right now the people standing in
line that actually has somewhere to go
yeah we were just gonna it would have
been nicer just to get on the flight
that's true but it's a bigger problem
for the rest of the guys don't us what
airport should I check first we gonna
Honolulu Honolulu yeah yeah yes
okay so Honolulu is not our original
plan but let's uh let's have a look and
we're gonna come right back to you once
we have somewhat of a plan how'd you go
I got customs forms cuz we to go back in
a can I did it again do we well in
Calgary you go through US Customs in
Calgary before you fly so now we need to
go back into Canada but first we got to
hang out here and wait to see what's
happening so that's a little him for you
since we are in you us now yeah but now
we're not going that way anymore nope
because you people are harming yeah
they're roughly that way in other
running this way through swarms like
they're gonna revoke you you don't have
to run I saw that someone commented that
it's not authentic you guys are always
positive you got to show the bad sides
look if you were positive like just be
positive yes this is real life Bunin
Marcus life we are more team no problem
than than team overkill
yeah welcome to Canada well thank you
thank you yeah I remember seeing that
sign like a week ago now we're coming
back in I we got the luggage like
delivering and picking up the luggage at
the same day in the same place well hey
WestJet
check box for delivering luggage from
Calgary to Calgary yo we're gonna have a
lot of Canadian stamps and our passports
for coming back here in like five days
like why do you travel to calculate
every single day what you get that's a
pot under popcorn popcorn and then like
crackers and cheese how nice might as
well since we are dead last I think it's
good that word that last since we don't
really need to get anywhere better than
all these guys get her King go first can
go first what was that again there's a
plane going flight going to Costa Rica
11:20 what time is it now 8:40 is it
same airliner different same era same
airline yeah alright mission one try to
get to Costa Rica
hello oh do you guys they're my friends
around my lips come yes worried I can
look in that last time
well you look energized for for such a
day what happened quite the day that's
yeah yeah what's water or option C we
were looking at a flight to Costa Rica
and we're thinking whether we should do
that but maybe that's better they go the
one to Costa Rica
tonight yeah there was one like 11
something instead of going it really
yeah yeah yeah I just hate going to
hotels how about this how about if it
works we go to Costa Rica
okay alright it's a deal if it works
we'll go to Costa Rica this is for a man
even for me prepare my put some lipstick
on Emma
yeah we always just put the good parts
in dude yeah good I love it I put it
okay now I'm good okay perfect
thank you action you got it on the whole
time and scene
good job thank you
okay set it off okay okay then there
just thank you
there is your hotel voucher gonna see
this yeah are you filming it no I never
know what you do you got a bit of a
straight face you know should be a poker
player so Hotel vote your taxi from the
airport and then back to the airport in
the morning and then you're doing and
everything's for two people okay
you're the star international I'm so
thank you so much for help have a gig
have a good night bye thank you so much
so so yeah now we go sleep yeah let's
let's end the vlog maybe that we will
okay right now we're ending the vlog
well the blog has ended yeah
by Mike
