fuck
enjoy
oh that is cool this light is out of
this world
Oh
there you are
oh you want to keep your GoPro don't
stick your head in the snow well now in
the wake
good morning Canada whoo I was a good
rag doll
I
almost like the valley bottoms the best
so so quite peaceful down here but I
have realized in the last four or five
days that we need to do this a lot more
so Marcus is now actually home looking
at whether we can change her tickets
just stay North America maybe go to
Whistler Revelstoke or anywhere cool
because now I'm like warmed up and I've
done a lot of fun patterns but I kind of
want to start hitting big stuff and
jumping you know the stuff I'm actually
good
God like really went away what do you
say I didn't understand that yeah
straight though that's what he said
right thoughts sound like that
can we do that again that was so sick I
was almost gonna say I love you for
taking us there but then I realized that
might sound weird those pillows were
just like ah what's that you like doing
it with pillows yeah hot chick or
pillows pillows every day this sone is
crazy like all of this
I truly forgot how awesome this was
powder skiing yeah yeah but I gotta say
nothing compares to this I can't think
of anything in the world that's better
than this
yeah but what would be better than just
heli skiing all day
hello hello under your life yeah how are
you feeling I'm feeling better actually
but I don't want to push it until I'm a
hundred percent
energized and ready to go yeah like me
thank you but I'm really reading
comments actually on today's video yeah
we got a lot of hate reacting light
color grading no I don't know what no
you're kidding no they hate black and
white but it's the blue skies yeah but
there's absolutely zero blue skies out
there and it's like the crappiest light
in the history of the world black and
white is better than crappy crappy light
I thought it was like the sickest video
we have ever made
yeah I loved it as well so well hate on
hey dumb shit now here goes black and
white haha okay we come back I don't
want that anymore
what are you laughing about this dress
up night is a custom party yeah this is
the only thing about an event for the
Teletubby and we are in I don't even
know what a Teletubby is is everyone
know what a Teletubby is what is the
telethon yeah you are a tool to me I
guess I am
that's where Canada so the Canadian huh
we're all everyone's looking real fancy
we have like Santa something fun day fun
dinner yeah I guess this is tradition
right on the last night rabbit I
remember wrap wait rabbit was that the
last one yeah I'd loved rabbit yeah I
had epic the pillow dropped the last
shot was it rabbit Oh pumpable little
flat light and it was up to me I'd
edited black and white Morris puppet in
the black and white I've got like in
three I'm comment saying like get your
shit together
yeah me too yeah like cool no from now
on the vlog will be 100% black and white
if you only want the chlorine tomorrow's
yeah we don't want to sell out nope you
see this we are going all stylish yeah
like every opportunity to have to wear a
woman's coat I'll take it
you stole my head
he's actually that's the to Atami on but
I do have the Canadian hot
I think the telly Tuffy had suits you
like I thought I was going full overkill
but he won't do me oh my god I loved it
don't worry no one's gonna see this
anyway okay okay
I'm gonna wear the Teletubby so the
challenge is I go once you go once and
then back and forth and whoever gets the
thing down to the bottom first wins okay
let's do it dammit
you're going okay I'm gonna go with that
style - that's gonna take you like until
tomorrow morning at that pace yeah
that's gonna take you three years okay
let's go three at a time we get one - OH
oh all right
this could be it where is it Oh
congratulations the official team
overkill hammer nail in wood champion
champion with that said good knife
goodbye we'll see you guys tomorrow
we're gonna try to figure out where
we're going tomorrow yes we don't know
yet we don't have a ticket but we're
going somewhere Joe Joe
