I said why
and good morning today we are saying
good morning from Marrakech
in Morocco where we started the day with
a bit of free morning
disco yes disco dance we're here with
Max or crazy friend as you can tell max
has a company called adventure Factory
and their we're here with them and we're
gonna explore Morocco for the next 6 or
7 days first activity a hot air balloon
party with the speakers so we're just
waiting for the last hot air balloon and
then we're gonna take off you're in the
morning light and life is Gucci oh yeah
you can catch that no one's on drugs
here yeah no hiss max
we got Richard
everybody ready
yes hey guys hold on to Ricard he is not
to kill right it's my first time in a
hot-air balloon
same for you Isaac yeah have fun all
right it's a bit of contrast from
cross-country skiing in Mora yeah just
two days ago yep that's how we like to
live light very fast a lot of different
cool things
Oh
No are you ready honey yeah oh my god
this is so insane so this is a trip with
adventure factory which is Max's company
so they do trips around the world with
all sorts of things and this is how we
start this trip just a little good
morning
it's crazy and we see the snow from the
Atlas I'm holding the camera like never
before this is the most peaceful way you
can ever spend a morning yeah that's
like 100 times better than how do you
copy right oh yeah like helicopters got
nothing on this that's like super lame B
type stuff so far since we woke up at 5
this is Ben no I was gonna say I can't I
can't think of a better morning that
I've been like ever had it's incredible
and then the other balloons they went
down like just went your way back yeah
but I think we kind of went a little
deep in the fog which means longer all
right
more exciting landing on the way - hold
on Benny okay no problem I'm holding
with my vid that's it hang on the next
like flying at this height perfect
what keep going yeah we were gonna go
midair disco but it was on quiet
than nice it's good 9:30 in the morning
good start to the day super awake you
now we're gonna jump into the cars and
after whatever's next on the adventure
schedule
oh yeah breakfast yeah that's Johnny's
most important part it's like they
designed the breakfast location for
Yanni and Yanni alone Danny are you
happy this is what we need we're
actually on interior design inspiration
trip so that's your future all those are
like take away the house and then build
attempt Wow gonna be a lot of Wow's and
yeses on this drove it do we have a
leaves Hank we're gonna skip Beach 2018
and focus on 90 good good deliciousness
and we have tea and orange juice
I feel fantastic I see a feed I was like
damn we're flying somewhere again now
totally worth it yeah so now we're gonna
go to the villa we're gonna pick up some
stuff and then we're gonna head to the
snow in the mountains Lucas why not and
this is our continued means to
transportation
towards the mountains enjoy the scenery
of Morocco
we are at caspo the taboo kal which is a
National Geographic like historic spot
and we are twelve thirteen hundred
meters up look at this like this is a
couple hours ago we were like in the
desert with palm trees and and air
balloons and here we are again of course
with max controlling the the schedule
you know it's full speed right Isaac
yeah yes me too
yes no but really cool spot we parked
the bus down there and then we walked up
twenty minutes with the donkeys are
bringing the bags up and Richard is uh
doing everything on insta story yeah but
now it's already gone yeah yeah don't
fall a Richard don't follow me
unfollow Richard below
I wanna see who's been diagnosed and who
can dance the highest and them there's
gonna be surprises to be won and some
special mentions um if I see some really
really funky moves
so apparently they thought the energy
was in a lawyer on our mountain hike so
they brought out the speaker and a
little mint hike dance party just a
bunch of normal people but see with a
lot of energy life is better is it
perfect
it's super we we're about to go to bed
as you can see we are not very full of
energy and then we're at least four
forgot to end the vlog so that's why I
have this pretty light here so we can
end the vlog in somebody don't famous if
you breathe this in but as you might
imagine we've had a pretty long but
extremely eventful day with air balloons
and I was about to recap the day but you
seem overdone it it's been an epic so
all we can do now is say goodnight and
get ready for more adventures here in
Morocco's so we'll be back in two days
with ball we're gonna go to the Sahara
long drive tomorrow so hopefully we'll
be online on time yeah we hope so we're
gonna try best we've got Moroccan SIM
cards and we are crushing it to get
things online but they heard Sahara it's
not the family yeah we got satellite
phones too now it's time to get some
well needed sleep yes
ciao guys toodles okay haven't said that
in so long I don't think so I forgot
about it
stop it ciao see ya again
ciao from like team really looking on
top of the world
but still a better bloggers mimouna
condors were are you you're great that
like the whole pod thing yeah we got a
trainer crew in the ask one more time
excuse me guys did you all see each
other at the same time ciao yes everyone
