good morning I guess a lot of ways to
say good morning and started a but I
don't think there's any better way than
doing it on top of a glacier getting
lift out there by a helicopter this
place is out of this world like it's
undescribable I honestly can't see how
any day could start any better than this
so now it's time to break out the paw
paw turns and just have some fun so you
can probably see I'm alone today I think
we broke Marcos yesterday so solo
mission for mr. Olsen today trying to
ski film and be Markus at the same time
you
the good thing out here is that as long
as you follow the tracks you'll come
down because no one else is out here
welcome to town
I was amazing beautiful day
heeellp does not get much better
that was fun
I like that one a lot
that's a good way to have lunch yeah
doesn't get much better than that
turn the wind off yeah perfect thank you
well I can't think of a much better way
to have lunch then up here a little bit
of hot soup and just three gained
temperature get ready for more but it is
chilly today I think it was minus 27
this morning so bit cold you're just
gonna keep skiing stay warm
there we go
and love the efficiency of this launch
this is unbelievable the only problem
with this is that it's really hard to go
back to normal ski yeah yeah yeah if
anyone likes skiing and resorts don't
come here
because this is next level
oh my lord
whoo I like your ear guide choices
getting around those yeah but this
year's unbelievable and it looks like
the best is yet to come
oh that is epic
good job guys stop fun good job yeah hot
tub eight hours and minus 23
whoo I am freezing to say the least
I can see Marcus up there hey Marcus he
missed out on a good day but I'm sure
that he is 1,000% warmer than I am at
this point I am frozen to the bone every
single battery I have to every camera is
completely dead and most plastic parts
and all cameras are broken stud who
cares cuz we had one amazing day and
life is just good boom well I don't know
how many runs we did but we probably did
like a good 15 runs then it was I'm
impressed by all the guys that come here
is he guys and girls
I mean I'm a pro skier that was hiring
those a lot of skin there like the
screen on the camera not working anymore
uh-huh oh you can't even walk come back
to feeling again if it hurts like you
know when they're so cold and then they
come back yeah hold on don't you feel
something weird
oh yeah want to better know we're gonna
go take a hot bath okay what are you
doing um I'm trying to figure out if I
should go snowboarding tomorrow
snowboarding well I've always said I
ordered a right powder on a snowboard
I've never really done that it's like I
mean I am dead beat from today my whole
body hurts cuz I mean I don't know how
many meters we skied but it was like
probably more meters that I've ever
skied my entire life in one day but then
I got this idea that I'd loved a
snowboard I don't know if it's really I
mean I've snowboarded one day in ten
years Wow
so I guess we're gonna have to wait and
see for tomorrow and the biggest problem
is when I surf I'm goofy but I think I
feel better snowboarding regular but
then is powder more like snowboarding or
like surfing we're gonna have to find
out tomorrow so heli boarding not know
which way to go
yes so hopefully they don't have board
boots that I can borrow because if they
do I am going out of my comfort zone
tomorrow way far out but that's what we
love yep but I am tired so - hey how are
you feeling better
mm-hmm luck really in 265 days have you
ever seen me not eating up my dinner No
so Marcus did not finish his dinner
means Marcus is really really really
sick he hasn't even asked me for a Red
Bull today nope
so time for us and sleep feel better
tomorrow and then we'll see if I'll be
on two planks or a board perfect so over
now from another incredible day and if
you want to know more about CMH I saw a
lot of comments uh link in the
description you can check it out read a
bunch about it yep because we can easily
say this is the best way to ski yes or
snowboard ciao ciao from Canada
