a day in the life of you and Alton right
yep 2016 there's gonna be a good year
good morning I think it's gonna be a
good day let me warm a nice and long
nothing to complain about
I love to eat I have found them love
again that I used to have when I was 18
and I don't think there's anything that
makes me feel better than skiing ten
years ago in order to make money skiing
you had to win event to be on TV to give
your sponsors exposure nowadays you can
build an exposure platform with social
media with Instagram YouTube I'm not
competing but yes I will probably call
myself a pro skier started out with
professional freestyle skiing where I
was the best in the world for a while
and then I went over to ski racing where
I skied World Cup for a few years
let's go speed it
this is where I grew up in Mora Sweden
we had enough money to go skiing but
nothing more we used to pick blueberries
to sell them to make you to make money
to go skiing and Here I am traveling the
world and being able to live in drive
Lambos so that kind of stuff and I don't
really know how I got there all I know
was that I've always wanted sort of
success it in me it didn't mean like
winning stuffs but I wanted if I it was
like picking blueberries I had to take
the most blueberries because then I knew
that I could sell them for the most and
I feel like if I do something I want to
do it extremely well
I met trolls who I later found douchebag
together with and it's pretty funny
because in Norway this it's too cold to
surf so if you meet someone out there
like hey how you doing and we started
talking and about somewhere along we
came up with the idea to start a ski bag
company it's actually a true story
having this company enables me to affect
how my travel is how my life works out
the last few months we've been
paddleboarding
we have been kayaking climbing mountains
with jumped off boats with rappel down
waterfalls ribbon on jet skis
right now I feel the best I've ever done
I feel like I can do a million things
and just do sports every day and just
have the energy that I've always wanted
to have you know what we always have to
travel every 48 hours because I always
travel any of the more you travel the
more you see
we have a surprise for you we have
Marcus what's up he's back I'm having to
 up the filmmaking part of a vlog is
just as important as telling stories
we're always trying to find a mix
between showing beautiful images and
telling your story overall we try to mix
things up and create a variety so we
hope you do too John how do you possibly
shoot your daily videos in 4k every day
how is this not just a huge pain in it
the way I tried to do my vlogs is that I
film whatever it is we're doing on that
specific day and of course I could try
to like call out friends to have
Farrar's around all the time to try to
make a really cool vlog but for me it's
more important that we do what we do and
not try to put on a super fake life just
seem super cool new record holder no I
used to be mr. party i would party a lot
out party hard and party everywhere we
went it was kind of like a big part of
my life like I would fly to Stockholm
just for a party I look at old pictures
to me thinking what the hell was I
thinking like why did I believe that
life would be better if I bought 100
bottles of champagne you've seen I'm
pretty extreme in life and I do
everything more than 110 percent if I
could go back in time 10 years and
change one thing it would probably be
all the stupid amounts of money I spent
on alcohol
enjoy this beautiful race which is
really exciting comes out everybody's
happy
the key to my happiness is to kind of
work and if I feel that up ahead of what
I need to do then I makes me feel good
and then I'm positive and happy are you
ready for it
am I ever ready for a tea day we do I
have become a person that chips person
that is like okay that seems like a lot
work not popular
since we are teen overkill we work the
opposite way we're like that seems like
a lot of work and a lot of problems a
lot of headaches let's do it something
four minutes until checking be late this
is all relative to our sweetness so
let's go on a drone mission
I guess money means freedom that is
maybe the main reason that motivates me
to work as hard as possible because I
think freedom is the most valuable thing
in life so that's what makes me get up
early in the morning and just try to do
everything I can to be the best that I
can
my grass grow
with all the things that I throw myself
into of course there's going to be a lot
of failures as long as I can say that I
have tried my best and done everything I
could in order to make that specific
project work then all I can do is laugh
about it I tried - didn't work
and we will see you guys tomorrow ciao
