good morning Riley Makayla here now hard
good morning Ravi and Makayla here we
are kicking the vlog off today with the
u n-- hand gesture edited last night
we're having a pizza party at u n--'s
house we didn't want to take a 50 euro
taxi from Monaco to our hotel so u n--
being the great guy that he is let us
take this I would say it's quite a bit
better than taking a taxi little slow no
there's only one way to find out there
you go
kidding this is the first and only dog
did ever be in this Lamborghini of
course she is the dog
the number-one rule of driving this car
I've heard is this and then this
Anguilla likes it
good lovin hey double camera that a
willow got the ride in the car just get
in here huh yeah how do we look most
importantly oh yeah you look great
you guys kind of look like the Swedish
couple I know let's a monocle I've heard
of them
no I don't know like she's a famous
vlogger and the other guy ran a
boyfriend yeah he kind of hangs around
what was that Yanni I said are you ready
for the hike of your life we are no I
forgot glasses me too the question is
are you ready for the whole of your life
I think I'm ending very marady okay
that's what let's walk this earth all
right
today's mission is to walk to the top of
Monaco on that cliff it's like a it's
like a two to three hour walk
it's called dick dousche in Ted du chien
that one looks like it goes by the water
more this one no that just like no it's
like walk in the road yeah so I saved
this one okay okay let's go
oh hello whale oh how are you doing how
the girls doing good we're good
yeah how are you doing Riley oh yeah
like I'm really breaking a sweat feels
good though
I like this hike very very good it's
nice to get out a bit and prepare myself
for Canada then you're still hanging in
there you're a tough little girl yeah
Riley slowing down a bit huh well yeah
workout gear to vacation better bathing
suit
hello Monaco and surroundings totally
worth the hike that's right oh yeah I
like a lot you like to hike I like to
hike I read in the comments yesterday
that I think it was in a region who
suggested that we should go hike
sometimes it's good to read comments I
always read comments so I know what you
guys think cuz if you think that we suck
then I guess we suck so if you think a
video is good make sure to like it if
you think it sucks make sure to dislike
it and comment and tell us what we
should get better at capturing yeah help
me out to analyze everything you know I
loved analyze everything in life
especially why girls have such high
tights
the biggest mystery in life yeah why
girls think high-waisted pants are sexy
yeah someone has the answer to that yeah
Mia Riley you really don't get that
is this it this is a different one than
I've been to whoa hello on top of Monaco
so pretty this is sick
good ball girl good dog girl lunch you
want food you want cheese do you want
coffee I'm gonna walk you want to go in
at watch Mike you want to go to bed
she's been at lambeau today she's been
she's exhausted yeah she's like mom and
dad were you do it it's enough well top
Deshea if you guys if anyone that
watches this ever come to Monaco take
the walk up here it's really cool
fantastic view it's cool to see huh have
we taken a nice photo from up here now i
didäôt some okay I'm gonna take a
photo as well wait you haven't asked me
what I would give that what you give
what do you want what do you like it to
100k I'll start vlogging tomorrow how
many like I said logging euro daily
vlogs for how long for the rest of this
trip is like two days do I seem like
that shitty of a boyfriend stop stop
it's red hold on just in case it's a
turning green yet no oh is this us nice
motion
monarch oh uh princess gazebo cool we
didn't forget anything
the battable ten thousand nine hundred
and eighty-one steps today really yeah
you have an actual step counter yes
91 92 93 94 95 96 that is a lot of steps
ten eleven thousand steps a broom broom
red red good job team
yes everybody's called everybody to get
sweaty and then cold
are you that cold yes come on baby
are you cold willow are you okay you're
okay she's ran a fur coat the question
is that I successfully managed to
schedule the video oh yeah 56 second ago
nice
maybe I am technical after all Yonex
laughing Michaela
oh you know what can this be
get skis what if it's a really big
tripod tripod you got two pairs I did
okay yeah I like nice what does it say
one Youth Olsen Olsen what your Spanish
name Juanito
like look how like stealthy and awesome
they are yeah super cool right you've
seen a lot of stuff it's like the Black
Stallion of skis yeah who is funny you
have a kid I don't know about but it's
my behen name how cool are they ready
for Canada yep see now worked out my
back is feeling good I have skis thank
you for helping out opening the package
I'll call you up next time we get
something yes you should live here with
Yanni for a week I would love it it'd be
like better than the dream vacation
that's like life goals opening package
every day Christmas every day mm-hmm
everybody ready ready ready is it the
end of today the end so tired after the
walk but most importantly Riley does not
have shoes on socks you're not gonna get
me today people for those who didn't we
always read comments we see everything
so Riley no shoes Makayla is gonna stop
stealing french fries but it was great
having you guys great hold on let me get
in the mix here I was saying um great
walk yes
but I think we're all tired so time to
say good night so Riley do you have any
more Swedish words uh visi I see more
gum hey no tack see you tomorrow ciao
ciao
