you
you
good morning good morning it's not like
6:00 a.m. we are at Malaga Airport and
first step
went really well we checked in our
luggage no problem so far now we are
gonna go through security with 20 kilos
a batteries so we're gonna come back and
see how that works out for us keep my
fingers crossed me go
I am surprised me feel great through
didn't even ask us a thing well that's a
good start to the morning which is nice
when it's this early I say my breakfast
I say coffee okay that's him
thank you now the light feels good again
thank you
looks like it's a bus I don't like buses
know when you have luggage like this cuz
then you got to walk up and down stairs
I'd say we spin to lissabon it's done we
do go for it hello the spin lady
I'm trying yeah it was a nice flight of
course we had to spin at the one time we
actually had a beautiful view under the
plane
the
but luckily we can always go back yes so
now we are gonna drink this one jump on
the next flight and make sure to edit
today's vlog mmm for once I actually
have the time to edit and not be
stressed because usually when I'm
editing I'm always like oh oh no
scheisse but I'm gonna try to actually
edit a few vlogs when Marcus is around
so I can ask him how to do things
because now there's things I want to do
but I don't know how to do it
technically yeah yeah 100% me too no I
don't know what else do we say I don't
know but let's go mm-hmm okay let's go
so now the question is do you think
we'll get our bags yes do you think they
are still in one piece I hope so I mean
we cook fried John on it you have a lot
of faith in bread drugs stickers I do
because if I would see one I want to
take it to Breezy with it wouldn't you
all right fingers crossed
come on bag let me see you one bag a
beautiful bag no got everything winning
and I'm gonna try to roll this that's
like perfect
I love my little blue bag it's almost as
good as a douche bag yeah okay all set
so Monica here we come
home sweet home hello Christmas
decorations still up you think you have
a books I never have boxes it's been
Christmas
oh I'm the key we use a key oh there oh
say more Oh My yes young it disgust wait
we thank you
you said there was more boxes inside
really yeah for you I don't know
probably not oh hello oh maybe I have
some too where you at I am charging my
computer so I can finish the book
I want to check the packages Christmas
gifts Christmas gifts Christmas gifts
okay because of me it's Johnny's fault
but I agree yummy yummy yummy yummy oh
my god I must be so nice this year yummy
yummy I see your name on some champagne
so I guess that's for me
yummy you I got some time and yeah no
way I must have been so nice this year
well I guess Merry Christmas enjoy
opening your gifts uh yes I gotta get to
work okay here have the time I went over
my gift
Oh God in my next life I want to be
yummy as well are they here should we go
down or are they coming up oh good okay
hello where are you
beautiful afternoon / night though hey
hello welcome
Thanks hey vino hey you have to like
like thank you
we're all oh yeah cue cue kill I use
them I'm the only how many online I tell
room that looks mighty closed we were
gonna like sit in the Sun on the beach
and have lunch
turns out Suns gone and restaurants
closed and we're in the soccer game okay
perfect thank you I'm past it
hello cheeseburger YUM you didn't get
anything
come on I see that smile this one is
bigger yes thank you thank you any joy
thank you oh oh yeah with the egg
I'm gonna have to take a break from this
camera and crush this burger so did you
get a dog yeah we got a dog
oh we're stealing your you're ours now
we're gonna do a promotion life of
Willow following the link description
below give it a lot of likes and longer
parents right oh yeah we can put her
parents in there fighting the Killa
internet we always get your godmother is
that you yeah I just figured so we were
like a big like Instagram promotion
channel oh yeah we're so bad we always
get hate them were bad at introducing
people this is willow and this is
Michaela we've met yeah and Riley my
camera Hey and everyone's Instagram
description is in the link link is in
the description below
yes but as you can hear I am slightly
retarded at this point because I slept
about two hours last night so we are
gonna call it a day and try to come back
with more energy tomorrow yes right way
though oh you get a goodnight kiss oh do
you want to go to mama
c-dawg sentiments babies don't like me
looking real Oh wave to the camera can
you see Charlie okay should we end today
yeah we are ending it that's what I said
oh sorry I know honey and Willow said
ciao yeah okay yeah yeah
