good morning good morning now that is a
good way to start a day our initial plan
was to work out with the ensign Henrik
but they were broken from yesterday so
we took matters into our own hands and
started the day up here which is perfect
because we said yesterday we're gonna
get healthier and why not start right
away
and then also relieve did it tomorrow
yes it's like the last chance to work
out up here and it's so nice to work out
up here I love it
but now with that's out of the way now
we can have a shower and then see what
else we do today yes I think that's good
cuz now my arm is actually kind of tired
holding the camera after working up
Keith you look pretty today
Thanks as always thanks we have the
rubbish
oh I'll be other rubbish man bye bye
house
is it a leaker hmm how do I do this up
oh there we go
ready seatbelt today we have tux eonni
so the mission right now is to go have
lunch with Magilla and yet Jen's cousin
yeah
are you gonna break the speed record you
don't have faith here we go
haha
what are you up to 78
my record is unbeatable yes but I think
we had a lot of luggage and three people
so weight is the key to success in high
speed golf car racing and also if you
want to go full speed it with a speed
bump but I don't a brake the car not
worth it
she's afraid I'm challenging my
SuperSpeed you grab that one
well he's grabbing that one maybe okay I
thought you're about to steal it
nope got a sauna yes I love their salads
I love the wraps the Indian wrap at all
Avia no are you still sad why doesn't
she like me
okay see you guys in a little by livia
damn it not this time either I had to
get up and run because I just got called
into a Skype meeting in 15 minutes so a
little quick lunch filled with energy
and ready to keep getting stuff done but
now I kind of wish out a faster car come
on alarm you green
Danka no alarm compatible alright see
you guys in half an hour
got to get to work it's kind of tough
sitting in meetings inside when you have
weather like this outside
super mega warm we're hanging our
laundry outside so it's like yeah you
see me I'm in in t-shirt mode so I feel
kind of sad leaving this but it also
feels good to go home to Monaco which is
going to be really nice say hello to the
Lambo but now I'm gonna go and help
Yanni take a few photos okay I guess I
am dumpster man again today there we go
dumpster truck key boom everything why
couldn't the weather be like this the
whole time we're on our way I like the
last couple days have been incredible
whereas the first couple days were not
this nice at all there we go now it's
time to shoot Yanni
this is almost like a replay from
yesterday yes are you ready to shoot yes
I'm ready to shoot me too where should
we go
this looks cool this could work right
right the two weirdoes in a Gulf car
just searching for like walls and Sun
flares and yes everything should we try
to do it I think so how's the flare
looking well this one doesn't give that
much flare but it's generally a
beautiful spot so I say we give it a try
that's gone perfect
nice right super nuts mission
accomplished
good job lo thanks thank you spin to
Casa is that gonna be a problem I don't
think you think we're okay this is full
gas
come on I really don't want to push
today oh no I think yeah I think we're
gonna be okay come on you can do it no
it sounds really weird we are down to 7
percent or 7 km/h this is full gas I've
never heard it felt like this no this
sounds terrible
oh nice alarm this thing has seen its
better days you're saying I don't have
magic fingers it's green you didn't get
my joke
welcome in for the last time this trip
I'm doing great job I'm gonna miss this
guy we should bring them tomorrow or
hurt him or her her her we should bring
her to Monaco I know she should but the
question is have you seen this oh wow
I started cleaning photo session number
two anze who we are a full-on production
house even though we're just producing
four vlogs and logs have you seen the
chimney
I know Yanni you clean that makes her
happy happy wife let's go whoa whoa look
yeah that would have been bad cuz look
at this hello look at this this is what
Yanni loves to do set up the camera and
then tell me to stand right there I
guess I'll just hang out here while
Liana is shooting after she asked me to
shoot is it my turn all right I'll be
right back
let me go get my guy over here Hey Oh
hold on here goes
three more
you
and those will be the last three photos
from our bay ah yeah we'll be back soon
again now we should try to probably get
our stuff organized I don't think I'm
gonna bring anything good for you
you were gonna bring a lot of batteries
and you carry on fairly what's going on
here you've been thinking for like four
hours
yeah like hey I started cleaning and
then it was so nice because I found so
many things and then I just kept
cleaning now I know where all my
t-shirts were yeah so oh I'm gonna stand
up me too
oh but look this bag is prepared demand
got its own special little IKEA bag
nothing because my strategy was that if
the bag is really ugly they probably
don't think that there's anything
valuable in there or we say that it's
fried Island they will take it easy with
it yeah but it's a good box it should be
okay good so yeah with that said today
was not very eventful because I took
some time off and just um yeah lived
normal life and cleaned which was really
nice that's needed sometimes but
tomorrow we'll be right back with a full
day starting at 5 a.m. when the taxi
arrives and ending somewhere in Monaco
I'm excited me too it's gonna be super
nice and now I feel like everything's
under control so it's good yes so with
that said we will see you guys tomorrow
buenas noches well if not you esta
ma√±ana ciao ciao from Marbella
yeah
