good morning guys today I wish it wasn't
like the day after Christmas because I
have this amazing drone sitting here and
it turns out that all the email says
sent out I got a reply from it says auto
reply we are on vacation so now I have
this beauty sitting here like look at
how sick that looks one two lenses two
controllers and a bunch of batteries and
stuff so I really really wish I
understood why it won't work but all I
can do now is kind of wait for someone
to give me a call or send an email so I
can ask them what to do about this
because I want to fly but since I can't
fly I'm going to try to organize my life
because we are flying to Monaco
well we should have flown today but we
don't have a ticket yet so I'm going to
try to find a ticket and then I'm going
to try to figure out how to fly with all
this do you guys have any solutions on
how to fly with all this like this is
just a little bit of camera gear that
and then we have the Sony stuff or
here's a little inspire box needless to
say not the easiest thing but such is
life when you want good equipment so
organizing day it is
I think it's very very very safe to say
that I have a problem so to be honest I
don't really know this is going to work
out and we're looking at like the
cheapest tickets you can find to Monica
which means not the best luggage deals
so I think I'm gonna leave it like this
and see what Yanni says I'm sure she'll
be really impressed by this display but
at least now you can kind of see what
the team overkill vlog setup looks like
and this is what we drag around the
world really smart well I figure we can
do a little close-up of thanks again we
have then spire the Mavic you can
clearly see the difference in size of
those 2 we have the 2 lenses inspired to
charger gimbal like red 2 remotes for
batteries for that inspire some random
thanks memory carts and stuff cables
readers for batteries for GoPros GoPro
mounts read reader two hard drives
inspire reader radios read charger three
Mavic batteries to so3 sony mavica
controller caps random things and then
we have this fire box like my brother
would say good luck without one you we
have a problem like a big problem like a
huge one
alarm on don't want anyone stealing my
stuff cuz now I'm gonna go pick up Yanni
how was the Hangout good we hung out all
day logging time with the sister yes and
the kiddos yes I have to where I want to
nice I have a slight issue that I'm
going to show you at home oh no
something happened mom no just life hmm
I feel like a taxi driver picking up
picking in welcome to Unison's official
Marbella taxi we offer peaceful rights
in a golf car around Marbella on the
left here we have the apartment where
famous ski against big mark lives with
his girlfriend mikela delay together
with their two kids Libya and vulva and
we're gonna now continue the tour and
see if we can find the seconds here that
lives in Monaco Omar Vega a crazy guy
who likes everything camouflage called
you not sir we're gonna see if we find
his house
and the weather today is
I'm a phone
so here we are entering the residence of
the skier and as you can see he has a
camouflage house
I wonder who inspired him to do such a
crazy thing me too
yeah I wonder people do think of us
having a camouflage house yes it's
different and you all know I like
different now I'm gonna show you my
problem Yanni oh my god that it's my
problem what do you think do you think
we have a chance at figuring this out
can I put in in your bag no I mean I can
help out but all this you can't break I
have to bring this I have to I can maybe
leave a GoPro I'm gonna figure this out
you just have to have faith like I can
put this like in my sock so that's kind
of my mission at least it's all
organized yeah we should have been
smarter and Marcus left and maybe given
him a couple things but we are not so
smart so then we run into problems but
then we solve problems so I'm gonna
start figuring this out at least I'm not
doing it like five minutes before I'm
leaving so it is in a way it is progress
Wow it's all gone a checker do you
appreciate it having all the camera gear
on the table yes I didn't clean the bed
as well
good job love so now at least it's like
maybe my keys over there so as long as I
check in the drone which I don't like to
do I think we're good and I'm gonna keep
organizing sounds good
or should we work out a little before I
feel like I kind of need it we're gonna
do a heavy workout tomorrow yeah but
just like a little moving a little okay
I think that would be good and it's like
really nice weather out yeah or maybe we
should start with getting a ticket I
assume we're not flying today no I'm
looking at
now should try to book that before we
work out yes house tomorrow lookin well
in two days is that looking better yes I
say we go for this guy okay male
attorneys the 27th to 7:00 in the
morning means leaving here at 5:00 go
for it
myoga knees two adults and colludes
luggage 23 kilo that's like my carry-on
quit that I brought my frickin ski boots
here too they need to come back to nice
because we're gonna go skiing is here a
Nevada Oh book man Olson young okay now
to their Oh
so since it stopped we should be able to
have like I'm the minute luggage look
for sales yeah no I think it's only the
SS no but we should have had some
benefits otherwise Star Alliance is
really sucking no insurance please hold
on hold on
congratulations yes successful booking
process nice
ah yeah the race
go go go
looks really heavy right yeah nobody
looks better in your back I'm feeling
like a miracle good like hold on good
what I was gonna say is that when you
can't work out you really feel it in
your overall energy and mood so now I
feel great we have life under control
motivation to get out there yes really
good good made me happy I think it is
that good for like 10 times now yeah we
say a hundred percent yeah no good
yeah well mostly that yeah and I show
myself in boxers way too often
who cares I like it Nene and I were
talking about it that we are gonna get
better at being two healthy human beings
in 2017 yeah so maybe we should have a
nice thing maybe we should have some New
Year's resolutions that we can all do
together with our forward yeah let's
let's talk more about that later but
yeah let's all prepare for a healthier
2017 because that is what makes you
happy yeah we push each other all
together 100% nice let's go down food
delivery you know what the best thing is
with Christmas no leftover it's not the
food during Christmas it's the leftovers
that you have left nice so um I say that
today we're gonna just enjoy this food
and end a couple hours early yes then
just have movie night together yes
please oh it smells amazing yeah I know
so buenos noches we'll see you guys
tomorrow and then quick cuz we wanna eat
yes
ciao orna
