and good morning good morning we just
got back from a nice little morning
breakfast with Johnny's family and we
figured we'd take a little bit of time
off the camera to respect the holidays a
bit more yeah but now we're back home
and we have a lot of preparations to do
it because we're hosting everyone up
here today I'm excited yeah it's gonna
be good
a real Christmas do you want to open up
the garage
oh yeah and for those of you who wonder
why we have to manually open the garage
it's because uh well it's old and I just
don't like to spend money no no we have
the new garage door sitting right here
yes it's your dad's old one because I
have not have the time but that's gonna
be nice so we don't have to like now do
this welcome to Christmas at Casa karma
Vinny smelly dog Merry Christmas
coming with all the food now Cepeda bowl
yeah Christmas lady
lots of Swedish things yes and yannis
nom for those of you that haven't met
her yeah we're all here you are such a
pretty Christmas hostess thank you
welcome welcome welcome the big mark
d√©lire clon hello growing strong one is
all back and one is all right sister oh
yeah Oh what again are you locked out
yeah can you say pretty please now let
you in lukayla calm down
hey Livia daddy big mark puke
really promoting the concept
hey little cutie now this is looking
pretty much fantastical mini sausage
potato pain score meatball load Brad
worst years the Kinect can have a
connect oh ho ho I would say it's the
best connect I've ever had in my entire
life and I made it in my face
cameo face
welcome Mary Merry Christmas full house
here today for once we use this big
house perfect the big families here
exactly
come on in and enjoy all the food I cook
I mean I didn't really cook it but I
supplied the kitchen
I heard you cook everything yeah let's
just keep it that way okay
one cup this is done is it finally that
time it's that time everybody enjoy and
all the people taking food I'm gonna go
take mine oh yeah didn't miss skiffins
boom come on I wanna hear that whoa hey
anybody else Oh lettuce a mask
bye-bye bag yummy so ah there you go yes
enjoy while the bags are cheap and
bought at mega China hopefully on II
will always babies gonna say yes and
Gucci honey good is next is it
Santa Claus time are you Santa Claus
mean eonni said we wouldn't buy a gift
to each other so I bought one for me
that is from me yeah I was I was like
really trying to make big hahahahahaha
fuel
yes of course anything coming through so
the reason wise and your email is
because shipping did not arrive in time
wow thanks Bob you like yes thanks um no
thanks
missus nice right super nice thanks love
so no custom special yes we said no
gifts
yeah but I like it hate it so now you're
gonna getting it to but not here here we
get it in a way no hints nope really
from Yummie Yummie from me honey honey
and Merry Christmas you from you should
I open yes so I received this yesterday
and I figured why not open it on
Christmas and you even wrapped it raisin
well yeah I figured it would fit nicely
with the others this underneath the tree
so I'm not a hundred percent sure of
what it is but it should be what I hope
it oh you don't know I should know you
never know until you open looks very
very promising
a bag a bag look at this oh the inspire
to a drone prayer ona doesn't know
slightly overkill drone double camera
the only problem is how we fly with it
but that is only for the future to show
how we can do it so now yeah it's a
double pilot things you have to learn
how to do it yeah oh okay yeah she threw
the plate uh you can be single we keep
the devil it's fun
nice I'm gonna try to assemble this it's
like being Christmas when you're a kid
mean you get toys even have fun thank
you thank you you yeah you gotta tell
him what happened there were two guys on
a motorbike here when I left home to go
up with a dog and they were following me
and I was like running real fast to get
rid of them and I went to the roundabout
and I went front of them and now I get
the text on Instagram that they were
sorry they were fun to you and follow-me
so we just wanna have pictures I forgive
you if you see this it's okay yeah we
thought it was someone scoping out the
house two or Rob you see where you lived
yeah but now we have ready-to-fly GPS
okay so watch out dad but I'm used to
having markers around for this stuff I'm
not technically I just take off a little
bit and then we do it tomorrow
follow the guys on the motorbike yeah
we're gonna follow them back okay I'm
gonna power her up do you think it's
gonna start yeah well it'll be highly
surprised if I manage to do this
I think nope she would go in and Google
a bit more mini what its brand new and I
think there's only three customer
inspired to sell okay so you can't
really go there and find anything
maybe email them no I'm sure there's
something simple I'm just not that good
with this kind of stuff this has to work
now come on drone fly
hmm I'm gonna go and try it some more
okay but hey at least I got the green
light it's us ready to fly yes that's
more than last time I tried let's go
inside this will continue
Jib faith yeah do you think your
boyfriend has been a technical boyfriend
I don't know really okay the moment of
truth will I have successfully started
this thing without Marcus it's spinning
the camera blinking that's good right
it's blinking hmm like it says if it's
blinking it's working now we have ready
to go GPS do you think it's gonna fly I
have no idea what do you think
I hope media three two one let's see if
it powers up nope should we give up in
it's s ready to go get this go then so
what what do we say I say that we're
gonna call it a night I'm just sad like
why can I not be a technical dude like
every time I fire up the app it gives me
something different at least the first
time around me and Marcus struggled
together I just wish it would tell me
the same thing so I knew where the
problem was
okay I say it's a mission for tomorrow
yeah but it's not gonna get any better
for tomorrow and I want to fly if you
can see anything now anyway no but I
just want it I want to go to bed knowing
it flew you will and I know this is the
most incredible drone ever in the
history of the world so that's why I'm
just like really really wanted to work
now yes but it's not so I say we should
say good night you don't want to be out
here feeling no on it's Christmas yeah I
want to be inside with my family okay
but either way it's been a great
Christmas yeah
Feliz Navidad and Merry Christmas
everyone
yeah I hope you guys had a great
Christmas I almost had a kick-ass
Christmas but now I'm gonna feel you
never wore the Hat
I've been wearing it the entire day well
I've been scratching my head the whole a
selfie so I can show them I don't know
if it's too dark there we have light now
we can say buenos noches together yes
and Feliz Navidad
and I'm gonna let go of the drone now
and just hug you sounds good we'll see
you guys tomorrow we'll be back we're
gonna get this thing to fly I've been
waiting for everyone good night guys
we'll see you tomorrow ciao
