good morning good morning you asked for
snow and you got snow factly
we are saying good morning from where I
used to like shovel snow the best thing
in the world was when there was a lot of
snow and I got this maybe we can shovel
snow today see the longer I stay up here
the more I realize that the small simple
things in life for the best things maybe
sometimes like flying across the world
to do something really rad it's not the
key to happiness
Oh a bit of snow a morning walk with the
k-9 unit is all we need good morning
100% amazing yeah Oh Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe
see this street light here is the light
that looked at the most in my life
because I used to be up in the bathroom
window that's covered and I would
constantly stare at this street light to
see if it kept snowing
and down there is the lake where we used
to go on our ice skating go ice skating
and I was so critical to Yanni like you
sure it like she was so into like a
white Christmas and I said maybe you
can't be guaranteed one of those if you
order is you get it sure got it
see this used to be the my favorite
thing growing up as a kid to clean off
the porch from snow and then shovel the
front yard and since we do have some
snow that is what we're gonna do the
only difficulty vlogging up here is that
we went in had a little lunch and now it
is just 2 p.m. and it's starting to get
dark
which makes logging really hard because
it's like a 3-hour vlog day but now we
are gonna like look how much you notice
it's like we're in Japan wait how do we
do this we have a super film err yes we
now have got some help to fix the snow
away yeah the traffic is a beautiful
problem yeah we were supposed to go to
Stockholm today but we figured there
would be too much traffic
what new snow because people don't like
to drive when it's a lot of snow and I
like the food when the snow shoveling
here we're happy to have you here
because we need your help otherwise we
can't get off the garden exactly no one
out I think I used to do this a lot when
I was a kid right yeah that's my
favorite thing I even as I remember
asked the big truck to bring snow onto
the yard yes we'd have a bigger pile and
then we jug snow cave yes and you also
had to help us with with a firewood to
get into the house that was the good
thing when we were kids it was always
you want something you work for it and
that way you learnt the mentality yeah
yes it was good at walking always liked
working but you you also wanted to have
some payment for it of course
but I say we put this guy down and then
we show the progress because it's really
hard to I want to do a good job when I
am snow shoveling
Wow look at this that is some proper
teamwork yeah k9 unit is ready yeah
now we're ready for next snowfall we
think they're coming down and we love it
that we do like look at this here see
it's important to make nice walls it's a
bit flat light but perfection and
showing is important
my little pyramid here and now
something's about to disappear not that
we've seen the Sun but lights going down
another k-9 unit he's gonna give up no
wonder they stay in shape but the dog
there's no shoveling and everything at
the hardcore attack canine unit but that
felt good felt like I was 10 years old
again and I haven't seen this much snow
here and in a long time Oh Johnny had to
do some blogging but we're gonna drag
her out for the the backyard later today
no I need to show her because I am
sweating
Doni do you see how nice we made it yeah
do you see the nice edges like the
perfection maybe you can join for the
night snowfall being a family vacation
as this is we're all gonna go and watch
a movie right now Susie Dunn is
apparently epic so another mission just
spending lots of family time everybody
and it is winter I am loving this at
such flashback every single time I see
snow and then when it gets a little warm
I was so worried as a kid that know it's
gonna get warm and milk and same thing
now
yeah but now we're gonna run into the
movies and you all know you can't film
at the cinema so instead we're gonna
jump back to yesterday when I went on a
bit of an adventure
so today's adventure is that I am gonna
join Johnny's mom and her sister and go
30 kilometers on cross-country skis I
have been on cross-country skis three
times in the last 15 years and this is
where they have said shave awesome shave
awesome so I'm a bit nervous I'm kind of
thinking that I'm being a little too
optimistic because normally people train
quite a bit for this but I like a
challenge
Johnny is and civilian clothing because
she is super sore from yesterday
yes hide it's alright okay hold soft
from mommy okay I was really happy
yesterday that I know how to put these
on so ready would be an exaggeration
Speedy Gonzales really love in the
downhill part of a cross-country skiing
so far we're doing good
and we're like a support team in place
so we're in ladder right the super race
how are you oh I gotta focus up I ever
race to continue all right race your
face on and we are checking in it with
only a couple of kilometers to go
passing more accretes Tatiana really
good but starting to feel that it's
pretty far what I haven't been able to
pick up the camera
because I've been really competitive
competing with everyone in the tracks so
far only two people the past me and I
think I'm gonna be hurting tomorrow
because so now I gotta put this thing on
and focus on for last little bit I'm
coming in coming in hot
oh oh I'm pretty tired because I got
really competitive so it wouldn't stop
to drink anything not since I saw you 15
kilometres to go Oh cuz they respond to
people on the track the two guys passed
me know that I said no one else but this
is the closest I've gotten to the VOSA
loop yes Maura it's our hometown it's
famous
it's famous for what setup with which is
90 kilometers this is like the shorter
version which is 30 yeah and it's funny
you're going through all these villages
that you've been like sitting on the TV
and like oh they're approaching as Lisa
like look and then you're coming in the
track and you feel like you're in the
race but I'm kind of glad that we
started with 30 and not 90 kilometers
you did well really well I'm actually
pretty impressed for myself but I'm so
happy about you you never thought this
would happen I never thought this but I
don't Amaro's condition oh okay awesome
oh great way to start the day
well done so a total time 30 kilometres
is two hours and two hours and five
minutes but then the first little bit I
was hanging out with the ladies and then
I just went for it after that but I am
having I'm gonna be struggling but I
love I love like good challenge that you
don't really know how much of a
challenge is gonna be but it was tough
in the end it was like can I please just
be there then then you're coming in and
you're seeing more accompany and you
feel like you're in the race you're
watching TV the guy that's been leading
the whole race they catch up to him and
then
the game over how would him in the game
over guy oh I need Butler possible that
you have gone all the way hmm I'm not
the best of ideas winter wonderland
continues look we just cleaned this
you're ready to shovel some snow yani
when it rains it pours but it is
beautiful
okay now we're carrying out the
Christmas table I'm trying to do my best
they all think I'm broke cake as I went
cross-country skiing yesterday making it
complicated no good job guys
now I have a mission now
oh look this
two hours isn't that fantastic
yes I love the snow I love this shovel
they've upgraded it since we were kids
but since I'm just gonna shovel more
snow I say we say good night and then
today's vlog okay
don't we think that's a good plan yes
and then we're gonna be back in two days
from Morocco no snow but lots of
adventures yes so I say we say goodnight
oh go not thrown muna okay and him la
maza Holly famiglia teed Oh Holly hit
the remote yes peanut do not gonna super
shovel well k9 unit is seeing that
unison still knows how to shovel snow
though he's living in Monaco and that is
good for a Father's heart thank you you
for making this garden so nice with all
the snow have a good New Year
