good morning good morning love did you
get your daily dose of the red I got my
daily morning dose of Tron again become
a better filmer mmm so every morning I
try to get up and shoot a bit cuz the
more you practice the better you get
yeah and I mean it's always nice to
start a vlog with some beautiful shots
to show how good the weather is it is so
I think it's gonna be another good day I
feel it I feel the positivity and this
will be out on Christmas
oh yeah so Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas guys from us here in Marbella
yes that is true I always forget that
it's the next day yeah so yeah this is
how we start well to date the day before
Christmas yeah but yeah we had it's a
good morning it is I think it's going
we're gonna continue with a good day
Bonjour Monsieur hello how was the
workout it's hard in my age it's hard
well you're looking way stronger than I
feel six-time mm yeah you have to oh hey
getting old you're not old
you are just rich in life experience
that's true but it's the only thing that
you might have the same power anymore
that's bad well you're you look stronger
than you have ever been thanks oh cool I
guess we continue where we started yeah
Oh see you later stop before the turn if
it doesn't open Joe
Open Sesame does that mean it's open I
don't know there we go
know that exposure is back what how's
your day going
you look pretty Thanks Jana did a makeup
video yes so now she's gonna walk around
looking all fancy today all fancy today
yes I say let's do Christmas stuff
because they're gonna watch it on
Christmas and we need it for Christmas
tomorrow so I think that sounds perfect
I want to do connect Nick I don't know
the English word me neither
and let's go let's go Duke Nick
Christmasy things after all we do have a
Christmas tree and you have presents
underneath I got so many hate so much
hate for this Christmas tree and you
love it no I don't love it of course I
want the big tree like a real tree but I
can't have it my sister is super
allergic and she's gonna be here
tomorrow so the plastic tree and we're
just gonna be here for a few days more
yeah pinkey plastic tree people did and
I got myself some gifts so I put them on
little tree
Merry Christmas yummy from yummy I have
a gift that's gonna go in there too for
me no for me oh I was like well you have
a special gift hmm okay let's eat
tomorrow I guess let me just have a car
head out in the Sun I want a coffee too
ever AA quick coffee
YUM you want one too I'll do one later
okay now let's go Chris MIDI copy shop
ID okay we're ready just gonna put my
shoes off right you look so pretty today
you should do more makeup videos more
often would you like me naturally I do
but now it looks real fancy hey yeah do
you know what we really have to do today
now we have the book our tickets to
monocle I know I had it almost figured
out and then you said you're too tired
to do it tonight
see our idea was actually to go with
Richard in his car to Monaco but then I
sort of helped Richard book a trip to
Bangkok so that kind of fell through by
my own actions
so now we still gotta get a ticket late
as always
how much do you enjoy the Sun
you
Oh
the time again the mega China time we're
not buying any axis no now this is
something him by atmega China you can
never have too much tape tape is always
needed for everything now we have three
nice colors is Livia getting spoiled
again yeah you know what that is the
crown in the bag what do you do with it
put it on and then you just walk around
looking beautiful let me guess if you
get a kid the kid and the kid is a girl
she's gonna have a lot of pink things
don't let the viewers get any ideas now
no no no but seriously she's gonna wear
this and this tomorrow really isn't it
super cute let me guess
she's getting it yes we have to find
Christmas apps that is not a Christmas
hat no that's like a stripper Christmas
cowboy hat
stop what it is I know Christmas hug ah
over there those Christmas stuff
or what about this yeah I think she has
phone already
she has no no it's like included doesn't
seem like they have it oh let's go make
connect hello Santa found it
if Sam matching the car now knocks
inside a golf cart it'd be this one yeah
want me to drive if you want to Santa's
driving I haven't had a Santa hat in
forever it's nice right yeah we love to
like out here oh oh my god I would be so
sad I would not be thrilled that would
have been a bad start to Christmas yes
see eonni always thinks I'm blind when I
Drive it's strange how I haven't crashed
yet on my own in 20 years
hey probably have your so you don't tell
me like look amazing should we stop and
shoot my outfit if you want to yeah
Santa is shooting an outfit yeah I look
pretty cool the golf car can always go
or cars should meet
you
you
like it nice mission accomplished and if
there was any pictures that turned out
here is three of them
we should show pictures when we shoot
picture yes Oh No look at your gasp oh
no
look at that how's my head now after I
wore it you're okay
I look terrible terrible you pull on
them do I hit lipstick now okay if cap
is looking awful we'll put Santa back on
its place you think we can
I don't know this is - you're always
just one oh here we go nameless baddest
ye golf cart is the most winning concept
in the history of the world
yes okay let's go cheers Ben yes okay
here we go we're here and I'm gonna
bring this good and the car key and best
of all I am prepared today is what
should I bring Livius gifts and or will
she sneak in the bags no you can bring
in but you know what I forgot the
fit-step ugh
we didn't forget I brought it so you can
eat it oh yeah I brought food good the
first time you're holding a baby this
small this small yes they're tiny I know
no it's all fragile little future ski
champion hey cutie looking good I like
you feelin scary with babies no you're a
good babysitter we're going out for
drinks now
bye okay no okay I'm ready to do it Nick
is it connec cooking time we need to go
with what it is in English
yeah but I got a flair here so it's okay
okay let me Google connect in English
butterscotch butterscotch Island
probably a Swedish version of it yes I
was thinking I do this by that one I do
the filming and you do the connect okay
and then I eat the cake you will be
hello Libya Libya not scary liver and
all
you
I'm a mama oh they're working out yes I
think it looks good no nothing burnt no
what's up I'm a pro you have good
teachers with you right this is the
first time I make you think do you think
they're done little soft Oh more people
they're not done but how does it taste
really good nice can we steal them no
we're having them tomorrow can make more
tomorrow
yes no really no oh yeah me too
really really really good good well
let's roll towards some home okay you
drive do you want to drive I can drive
okay whew you're so cold we really have
to learn that when we leave the house
it's summer and warm and when we go home
it's like really really cold
I know mmm golf car later when we're
warm if you have a problem always deal
with it later
always oh I hope I told you guys but
yeah someone might have heard I've
lately have had a lot of back problems
actually I haven't told many people but
figured I could tell you guys on the
vlog so right now I'm going to work on
my MacGyver skills to try to figure it
out because in Monaco I had those spike
bolts and they were epic unfortunately I
left them there so I'm gonna make this
really evil massage thing out of four
golf ball ball golf ball
perfecto I think this is gonna make my
back feel like a million bucks tomorrow
look what I made oh wow a back Punisher
I figured that since I'm gonna work on
this guy and you're gonna work on that
guy we should say goodnight for today
okay and we should say Merry Christmas
merry Christmas to everyone I hope you
guys enjoy our normal life yes we can
say normal life now we've been totally
normal making connecting like taping
things and yeah we'll be we'll be back
with extreme stuff in a few days but
it's nice to take a break and just chill
for a second yes so Merry Christmas hope
you had a great Christmas Eve we will
have ours tomorrow but yeah you
understand because the vlog is a day
late I hope they're having yeah for
those of you watching tomorrow yeah so
buenos noches and we will see you guys
tomorrow ciao
