good morning guys today I feel like it's
going to be one of those good days I
woke up early and received an email with
photos of the first prototype of a new
company that I'm starting so the day has
started well I'm a little late because I
need to go pick up Yanni
she took a morning walk to her sister
and we're going to go and try to fix her
computer so that's kind of the start of
today but I feel like it's going to be
one of those good things I like good
days good days are the best
come on car go faster faster faster
Porcia don't we have to run yes Raleigh
broom broom um no I'm okay
I gotta send some text messages I got
pictures of prototypes this morning so
it's a good morning a girlfriend with a
broken computer is less happy than a
girlfriend with a good computer correct
GM faith yes
let's hope it's not as long of a line as
it was in Nice we're here yesterday was
here you're gonna half hours oh if they
say it'd come in the morning well you
have me
exactly we can go Christmas gift
shopping yeah about that
yeah buying Christmas gifts to Yanni
it's not the easiest thing you can do
not for you either yeah but we kind of
have too many things yeah but isn't it
better to give each other stuff when you
want to instead of Christmas
yeah that's true I want a new computer
maybe me do what go look see what they
have
what time is it it looks empty
oh but still looks good
how's it going do you hope they can fix
it I still hope they can fix it
come on computer be nice the unnie yes
always be nice the yummy happy camper
I'm happy happy I mean him no not really
so what happened so I had to clean up my
computer but you have a working computer
yeah I think so
maybe for another week though so many
crashes again probably but it could have
been a lot worse
yeah if everything was just dead dead
then yeah so you're leaving with a
working computer so what I said like one
year of the information on my computer
is gone but last year but you have a lot
of stuff on your hard drive yeah so I
didn't need to buy a new computer that's
it so now it's back to Casa camo and
finish up today's vlog a bit of editing
I just wish I had more time to edit
because I want to get better now I'm
constantly in a time sleep but it's a
beautiful day it is
me too quick edit and then maybe for a
swim
no VI can swim sorry I might have to
give it a try
where are we do you remember do you
remember what the car looked like we're
in Johnny's mom's rental car so that's
why we don't give the car key I think
maybe more that way like this one maybe
open this one see I don't even remember
what car we came in and he's so I heard
something that all right there right
here right
I can drive okay is it the workout lady
should I come join um I'll come stretch
cuz my back will not allow me to go
crazy just yet stretching it is I'll be
right up
now it's harder to find a better workout
spot at this time of the year look at
the view from up here we have the
mountain and then see all the way and
then we're gonna have a beautiful sunset
over there we have a fallen palm tree
over there oh I got a fixed up no it's
too heavy
I mean how heavy can it be it's pretty
heavy
is it come on baby
what do a super heavy maybe I did it
when it was raining look at this this is
a very me see come on come honey Oh Oh
little pinkie toe big toe big toe Oh
fuff get bad luck I bring bad luck you
do what I wanted to say you know those
big feather palm trees in Bali yeah this
is one of those and so far no one's
really managed to grow them in Spain but
I bought like seven of them and Fleur
have survived yeah it's gonna be one of
those nice not that I think that I don't
want cares about my palm trees I just
want to say that cuz I care
how do you feel ah it's feeling better
and better I think maybe I'm ready for a
workout tomorrow good just hang in a bit
and stretching and stuff feels good good
are you still going in the pool yeah I
mean I've said that I am gonna go swim
when I'm here and I don't know if it's
gonna get any better weather-wise than
this no probably not whenever you're
done I will jump in the water okay I
think I'm done really sure you don't
want a couple more exercises yeah okay
I'm ready
YUM in the water oh absolutely
I don't have swimming glasses though but
I don't think I'm gonna be spending that
much time underwater so I don't think
it's a problem
neither okay ready I don't think you
understand my call it is I think it's
gonna be really really really really
cool yes but I've said that I'm gonna
jump in the water when I got here
killing time I don't have my goggles oh
you want to swim underwater hmm Jonah's
jump in first no feel with your toe I'm
in my robe already oh why are you gonna
do that to yourself I mean how much
colder can it be than last time
I loved why oh and I don't think I'm
gonna get any sympathy when you jump in
a pool where it's sunny and there's palm
trees no I think you see this I want one
of those temperature meters who just
jump in I think it's easier just jump in
quick oh why is it it's freezing cold
whoo good job huh huh can you talk yeah
barely
hmm okay I'm gonna see if I can make it
back there I'm back okay go go go
come on No look at that bud if you know
pretty good at swimming underwater but
it was like full panic mode oh nice try
no that was a terrible dry no I think
you did good
no I could not keep my head on my
shoulders
whoo I swam yes enough thinking about
that now
mission complete but doli ok temperature
meter tomorrow ok so we can say if it's
cold or not cuz I don't think anyone
believes me I'm getting super cold I
wouldn't believe me but it's like it's
colder than it was like it's like it's
called a swimming and ice mhm yeah
everyone's a little yeah but now I swam
good job you go and have a warm bath or
something yes thank you you're welcome
I don't have the key right
no no kidding
but you know what's kind of funny and
not funny at the same time now did I
manage to put myself in boxers in
yesterday's vlog again what when last
shot when you did the ending I was in
boxers and everyone saw the reflection
in the window again and they're looking
for it yeah I didn't see that when I
edited I am gonna wear glasses now I'm
gonna wear glasses when I edit Jolla oh
no you are very tanned down I played
golf today in the song did you win
no I come second you like it true hope
Contenta that means faith hope and cash
that I like yes me too
this was the winner today I'm giggling
gee you came second out of two out of
four okay now
to me snake Nick well we're actually
going down here to watch the slalom okay
ah my car for the package for you
oh really yeah really package for me our
frame for both Oh more crazy honest for
you yes she saved that one with the
Christmas tree
yeah yeah we should or maybe tonight
open them directly up and running the
whole family together watching miss the
big mark
hopefully crush it I said crush it Felix
do you doing Felix
but we have the whole family supporting
yeah but we got to hang out with Livia
such a cute girl
we have Nutella pizza how incredible
does it smell thank you so much thank yo
pizza thank you bye bye bye ciao ciao
let's go home
yeah I'm trying to organize pizzas and
food and cameras and saying goodbye and
hold them in your hand no this is
perfect
okay better fact them well you started
eating straight away I forgot to eat
again so when I saw food also go ah
looks good so we're gonna have a movie
pizza night on the floor yes which is
like the best thing you can do in the
entire world no luxury restaurant can
ever be a pizza night at home I agree
right yes so with that said I say we end
today and we'll see you guys tomorrow
filled with energy and I'm gonna try to
get even better at vlogging it's now I
have energy and I'm excited
good so join us noches hasta manana see
you guys tomorrow ciao
