good morning
good morning today we only have two good
mornings because we don't have a Marcus
here Marcus where are you I know I
wonder how this is gonna work just being
the two of us oh it's gonna work fine
yeah yeah cuz now Yanni's a vlog expert
after a vlog week so anything I have to
ask her in terms of Premiere Pro I can
just ask yummy which is nice it's always
interesting to get into vlogging
yourself after haven't had Marcus around
so you know it's it's a different
technique so it'll probably take a day
or two to get into Marcus will be back
on the 1st of January so then we're back
in normal vlogging but until then I'm
gonna try to do my best and see what I
can do with the vlog alone and try to
develop my skills in every sort of way
you're gonna do fine yeah I really enjoy
it like it's just I want more hours in a
day so I can have all the time I need to
get work done and at the same time
progress in vlogging filming and editing
but we are gonna do what we usually do
and just get to some emails and then
once we're done with that start the day
is it dying out yes but I'm going anyway
so it's fine are you guys gonna leave me
yeah
yep I have too much love to delete you
you got to stay yeah that's true come
that is more correct yeah well enjoy I'm
gonna work away and then I'll see you
guys in a little yeah good luck with
your computer again let's go by this
this lets find new computers later
instead why if it's not working I'm
gonna buy you jo-jo enjoy the massage in
the seats
now that is a car I could have as well
good job Richard so this means I am all
alone in the house I just had too many
things I needed to get done today so
then I figured that I needed to stay at
home and not run around and do things
that's one of those days but it's good
to have those days because then you feel
productive and you get a lot of stuff
done because I mean I have I need to
work out whether we're doing the
investment in lomé book on the lot um
there's so many things I can't even like
describe how many things that's on my
email that I need to figure out but it's
a lot of fun things so should be a good
day
hello your whole money is it for me yes
not for you it's like early Christmas
should be unbox it right away
yeah thank you
christmas came early i guess yeah are
you carrying it outside yeah let's go
outside and unbox it okay and son when
it's beautiful you should be outside yes
do you know what it it uh I have I see
that it says head so I guess ski yeah I
just hope it's what I think what do you
think it is these new awesome
specialties ah got it I love it when I
get a box Hey
normally it's all you think it is what I
think it is I don't know don't you think
ha ha the cool box look at the skis oh
wow oh my god I've been working with
head for almost 20 years
yeah and I've always wanted like a
really clean simple design I mean with
all matching the pool yeah it is on the
cool thing with these skis is that I
mean not only do they look mega kick ass
because I love it when the skis are you
know when you don't have a million huge
logos yeah and the reason they look like
this is because they have no top sheet
they wanted to make the lightest
possible for your ID ski so this right
here weighs nothing
these are going to Canada with me and
I'm gonna be like crushing powder with
us and not standing Marv Baio with the
pole are you excited to ski well powder
and this yes I want to keep him yeah
why aren't you coming to Canada oh maybe
later key stoppers finding what color
oh ho match Omachi matching the pool as
well quick look at me without a Red Bull
hat
see not before hello so this case are
they called core or yep yeah the
corporation t-shirt nice perfecto
are you ready for Canada I am a hundred
percent ready for Canada and I think
these geese they come out to like
certain core dealers in February and
then in all other deals dealers next
winter but I say okay for sure like hand
on the heart I think for sure these are
the best looking skis I've ever seen it
is very clean yeah
like like how a car would be designed
hmm and I think that's the most awesome
part but now yeah it feels a little warm
to look at skis but now I get I got
excited
okay me and Marcus in a lodge powder
skiing for a week really soon with
helicopters and stuff perfect nice now
we just got to find a ski shop in
Marbella
to mount them oh okay mmm
this racer racer lady ready dumpster
guys ready to do give ourself I close
okay I love the weather today it's
amazing
please stay like this weather do you
have a house key
it's a potable let me have everything
I'm still the record holder how can you
pick two five I think we were threes
we're really heavy
it's crazy it's so warm in the Sun and
then so cold in the shade
we should go to Sarah home later and buy
pillows we only have two pillows in our
bed we have more yeah we had a bunch but
then they all might be here now as
before Marcus yeah yeah
gosh
I don't know the difference
the ultimate color for a parking garage
it's better than rolls-royce phantom in
the parking garage
like nine thousand times better
all good feels weird to leave the car
without locking right this your sister's
area I think it's up should buy a new
Nespresso machine
oh it's working out I fixed it what did
you do magic fingers Yanni's really good
at fixing things sometimes yeah cuz I
saw a full cup this morning and I didn't
understand what happened does not feel
right no no that feels like the end I
feel like we're on the right floor but
the wrong section I see something over
there
now that I'm a regular vlogger I need a
gorilla pub and maybe a second canon
lens for the red here's Canon lenses ah
1635 yeah they have it look at that a
nice wide angle lens for the read her
paper gorilla
only the one we met before Oh Oh what
like it's too small ended yeah we need
the heavy-duty one all right let's check
that let's get the lens
thank you so much thank you all right I
think that's like the first time that I
go and try to buy something and they
have exactly what I want yeah yeah well
we need one of those top the stars
ah here's where you need let's go to
start it's no fake I agree this was
nicer yeah maybe we go somewhere else
I can guess that those are overpriced
here yes 100%
you know are you gonna shoot glares yeah
actually let's leave the car there
because we have a little bit of light
left and I want to see how the new lens
works okay so go if I run in and put
this on my red baby and I'll be right
back okay
looking good looks good right we still
have a little bit of light that I'm just
setting the exposure
that's a beautiful flare see you on the
red
tomah's gone we barely made that I know
but now now this is gonna be put to use
a lot more because now we have a 16 to
35 zoom lens I don't know if this is in
focus there we go that's better
it's not in focus yeah I was saying now
that we have this Canon L Series 1635
we're gonna put this to way more use
because now we are wide-angle zoom which
makes this way easier to use them with
the long lens and the fixed seam
allowances okay so now we have a usable
setup so more red but now the Sun is
gone and we got to test it at least hmm
I like so now we can go down and maybe
cook some food sounds good to me
perfecto and try to upload that um the
video today's video is late I'm sorry
about that but the 30-minute video took
like forever to export and then now it's
been bugging trying to get it up there
so sorry but on it being late yesterday
or today
whichever well yeah whatever today that
we're shooting tomorrow what we're
closing yes we almost forgot to end the
vlog today yes team fires that's great
okay so today you get to end the vlog
all by yourself buenas noches hasta
mañana hasta luego I don't know it's a
and I will see you tomorrow yeah today's
advice end vlog before you're dead tired
correct
okay good more good night
