there we go I figured that today it was
time to do a proper Q&A because I feel
like we are getting more and more
questions and it's harder and harder to
keep up with answering all of them I
mean now we're getting about a thousand
comments per day so today is going to be
me answering all of you guys's questions
so to start with I guess we should start
with the first obvious question why is
Markus leaving
and as you saw yesterday Marcus left for
Norway because he's travelling home to
see his girlfriend and his parents for
the holidays
so that is why me and Yanni are now
alone for a week until the 1st of
January when I will meet up with Marcus
again so Marcus is in no way gone but
he's taking some well-deserved time off
so great job so far Marcus just 250
vlogs that you've been killing now I'm
going to try to do my best to follow up
after you which is kind of a hard thing
moving on to question number 2 you why
does all your clothes seem so baggy they
should be bigger for you and I actually
picked this question to answer that
because I have a really long spine so
whenever I have like you know slightly
smaller jackets or t-shirts they all
feel really short on me so I always feel
more comfortable in a size up or two
because then they have the length that I
like so maybe that explains why it
sometimes looks like I have bigger stuff
then maybe I should next question is
from Fred tality and he says it's more
of a statement than a question he says
it's nice to see that people with money
not always goes to the most expensive
stores that they can buy normal things
like hmm and I agree like when I was
younger I was so obsessed with having
everything expensive like Fatih teacher
it had to be Philipp lying and like I
just had expensive things and then I
realized that you know it doesn't really
matter I like a normal H&M t-shirt
because it's just plain normal t-shirt
so I agree it's good to have a mix in
the things you do you can drive a Lambo
and then go to hmmm wait I think the
contrast is what makes you appreciate
things next question is from Daniel he
wonders if I would have a house in a ski
resort which one would it be and why
don't you have one now umm the reason I
don't have a house in a ski resort is
because I've lived the last 20 years in
the winter so when I had time off from
skiing it was nice to come to a place
that wasn't in the middle of the snow
because as soon as I everytime when I
was in the snow my head kept thinking
about skiing so it was nice to sort of
get away and relax a bit more and if I
pick one place tab a place in a ski
resort I would say probably Verbier I
like verb' a lot it's like we've been
there quite a bit and I just generally
like the old place and then David wants
to know have you guys ever had a normal
job work that McDonald's has Yanni been
a truck driver or has Marcus been a
phone salesman I can't say that I've had
many normal jobs I've had one summer job
like a lot of years ago when I was
working at a recycling Factory and my
job was to basically they took a whole
square filled with like they put down
the square with rocks and then when they
took up the square they just dumped
everything so a bunch of like you know
the square rocks that was like in the
middle of a pile of dirt and my job was
to pick up the stones that were still
intact and then placed them on a pallet
and then shipped them off to sell them
again so that was three weeks of picking
up stones and then after that I decided
that I wanted to be a pro skier and I
haven't picked stone since that I don't
know if Mark ball Marcus's I guess had a
normal job when it comes to filming and
being a filmer forever I guess that's
sort of a normal job and Yanni has
worked in London I guess in a normal job
when she worked at a nightclub a little
bit she worked at a clothing store and
she's also worked at her mom's shoe
store so I guess we've had a little bit
of normal jobs but the more we
live then the more we experience the
less normal our jobs become and then a
good comment from ml he says that I can
actually FaceTime with this phone if I
use an app called dual so thank Samuel
I'm going to try that because I miss
FaceTime but besides that I'm I'm
starting to get into the phone not
commenced yet but I want to get
convinced because I kind of like it but
I'll keep you posted on what I think of
this phone does take awesome photos and
then boss wants to know is Richard a
building designer a construction site
manager or a real estate agent or what
is he richest background is that he
started a painting company and then
worked with that and then started things
around that with like a window
restoration company construction and so
he built a lot of different businesses
in Sweden and now down here in Marbella
he buys up apartments and houses and
rebuilds them in order to sell so a bit
of everything but he's a good guy to
have around when you want to rebuild a
place like this because then you can ask
Richard how do I do with everything so
Richard I would say it's a bit of my
mentor if I would say that I have a
mentor he'd be the one and then we have
a question in regards to the editor job
that we put out abdullah wants to know
is there a time limit to apply for the
job and no we have not set a time limit
we have to take our time with this
because as marcus said we have had 970
people apply and I still see every day
that emails keep dropping in so no time
limit it's going to take time to go
through everything but I have seen a few
applicants that seem really really
really good at what they do so we'll
keep you guys posted no time limit but
it is good to send it in if you want to
apply I think in the end there's going
to be so many people applying that are
epic at what they do so I think in the
end it'll probably come down to the
person we think we can have the best
chemistry of it because the person that
comes along has to be able to become as
good of a friend the mark
now currently X so that will probably be
I think the deciding factor and then
Hendrick wants to know this is a
question we get probably the most common
question on the blog he wants to know
when you're not on camera
do you speak English Swedish or
Norwegian and the way Swedish and
Norwegian works is that they are so
close to each other that me and Yanni we
speak Swedish and Marcus speaks
Norwegian and we understand each other
perfectly so off camera we speak Swedish
and Norwegian and then on camera we
speak English
but then of course we have a lot of
American friends so it's a bit mix of
everything I mean when I'm on my
computer writing down notes and thoughts
and ideas half the time I will write him
in English and half in Swedish so I'm
like I haven't really decided which
language I like better it depends of
what I'm writing I guess so yeah a big
mix of everything but Swedish a
Norwegian off camera most of the time
and I'm yeah another question when it
comes to fashion setup wants to know he
says he likes the video but you for
God's sake why the white socks
and I agree like I'm really picky when
it comes to socks but that's the thing
when you have a daily vlog you're
filming 24/7 every single day and if you
have an Instagram you can like really
care about the photo and then go wear
whatever you want but you when you film
every single day you kind of stop caring
a little like you know in the beginning
I want and I have to be like I'm perfect
and like do I look good and now it's
like you know I look the way I look at
you know sometimes it's better sometimes
it's worse but I think if I were trying
to be perfect the whole time it'd be
less real I mean like this vlog to be
real so whenever I wear white ugly sucks
I'm sorry but this some some days you
you guys know like when you wake up some
days you just don't care and the only
difference is that we have a vlog so
half a million people see swimming don't
care
something that should work on the white
socks and then we have a question from
yo or not a question he is says he will
challenge me on a carbonara contest and
I will gladly accept the challenge
because I think my carbonara czar pretty
good so whenever we can get around to
that we're
to a carbonara challenge I actually
learned how to make a good car but I
think the best carbonara in the world is
at Viviano the way they make it and then
you ask for ten pieces of chilli and
that's where I got addicted to carbonara
and then I just try to copy what they
did but I still kind of loved her even
more and that Brian wants to know what
is the best skiing day of your life do
you remember one day that stands out
from all the other days and that that's
a tricky tricky question I'm trying to
think I remember one day in Snowbird up
in Alta we skied the deepest powder I've
ever skied so I think that one is
probably in there picking one is so hard
I mean of course the epic powder days we
have some spring days in Ora where we
jumped us the ravine and the big cliff
and I remember that just being
incredibly awesome
when I'm on the X Games that was great
put a different myself I can't really
pick one day but if I pick three days
it'd be winning the X Games one of the
days in the spring Anora
and that pave in snow berg he actually
also wonders do you enjoy powder or
groomed snow more when you're skiing I
like him like that's why I'm a free
rider like the fact that I'm able to do
all sorts of skiing I mean when the
powder is great it's hard to beat powder
but on the other hand like an early
morning in perfectly groomed snow and a
pair of skis that's it's like equally
epic it just depends on what is best for
the day but I I just like skiing it's
hard to pick one sort of skiing that's
better than the other and then marina
wants to know when did I move out of my
parents place I moved out when I was 16
to go to ski Academy in Malang in Sweden
and I can easily say that the first few
months I was eating pizza and noodles
because that's all I knew how to cook
back then so I moved up pretty early but
I think it was good to move out because
I had to learn a few things that I think
that I wouldn't have learned if I just
stayed at home then my mom would have
been too kind and taken care of me and
given me epic
food every day so now when I moved out I
had to learn a few more things and then
we have a you know it's a good question
but it's a hard answer we have a
question from Kelsey what is your top
what is your five favorite songs you
have on your phone and to be honest I am
so bad with music I have five no and ten
songs on my phone it's the beach no 20 I
have 10 a beachy songs that I download
it and then I have the ten you two songs
that comes with iTunes so I'm really bad
at music I just I'd like listening to it
but I never have anything so that is
something me and Yanni and Marcus have
said that we should work on having more
music around because it just puts you in
a good mood and then Alex wants to know
poke back in your vlog like you should
stay true to your own company and you
know what I think credibility is key in
marketing and everything and if I'm only
showing douchebags and just focusing on
that I think you lose a bit of
credibility so if I have an orange pup
pack because Yanni had that one Pulaski
or skiing in Japan if we have that I
don't mind showing it because I want to
show what we use I think it just makes
more sense generally generally marketing
I think people are too obsessed with
only only showing the one product they
want to market I think say a sunglass
sponsorship would be more valuable if
you had you know different models at
different times because it makes it more
credible so if you're you know marketing
person out there don't be too obsessed
with only showing one product I think
that diversity and the real way you use
it is more important than just showing
that one thing have you ever crashed
really badly and hurt yourself while
it's skiing Noah liking termed wall so
if you would have asked me this question
three years ago I would have said no
I've never
had a concussion never broken a bone
never tore a ligament two years ago I
three years ago I broke my knee a little
bit of a scar going on there um that was
sort of my first big injury and that was
the ACL that I blew but I blew it just
skiing giant slalom and I didn't even
crash it was just like Bob and I heard
the pop and that was game over
and then last winter I landed on my back
and fractured my back in three places
but I think besides that it's like those
are the only two major injuries I've had
which you know considering the fact that
I've done freestyle for 20 years it's
weird that I've never hurt myself more
but I've always tried to be smart with
what I do and always progress in a smart
pace so even if I felt like some other
guy was doing something crazy it never
made me stressed I always took my time
and did what I thought was right in
terms of risk and then Hwaseong
wants to know can we learn more about
the Olson workout routine with weights
with your body and what you do and I
figure out actually tomorrow we're going
to get into workouts a bit more because
I really need to get better at it if I
want to keep my back feeling good
because as long as I work out almost
every day I feel good but then when you
travel as much as you do or as we do
it's sometimes difficult to you know
have the discipline to do it so tomorrow
I'm gonna go through what I think is
important workout wise and what I think
works the best for me next question is
what studies have you guys done and I
actually didn't finish college in sweet
I guess college Judis so the the studies
I've done is the first nine years that
are mandatory in Sweden and then
everyone else does or everyone does
another three years and I quit after two
years and went skiing full-time so I
didn't finish school and I never got
that you know nice graduation party or
and all that but I decided that I
thought it was more important for me to
follow my heart and go skiing as
and now looking back everything that I
want to learn I've learned in the past I
mean now with the businesses I have I
have to understand you know how
everything works so I'd rather I think
it's better to learn learning by doing
instead of studying a bunch of stuff
that you will never use maybe not the
most politically correct opinion but I
think it's better I just know myself
like if I'm not interested I'm not going
to learn anything so I think it's better
in school focus on languages because
that is something you'll always have
used for as well as economics because
even if you're not going to be in the
financial sector
you always have to manage your own
economy so I would say those are two of
the most important things and then of
course everyone's different so you know
you just got to figure out what you want
to do in life and then try to do that as
well as you can and then indigo wants to
know do you have any advice for
up-and-coming vloggers I think the older
social media gets the more difficult it
becomes to create a big channel like
when Instagram came up if you were early
you could create a big channel because
their work wasn't that much competition
out there now I feel like there's still
time to grow big YouTube channels but
you know the web is there's more and
more good stuff out there so you have to
figure out you know what makes what you
do different from everyone else I mean
for me I have the ski background I had
the car stuff and we had the house in
Marbella and I mean basically we had a
very nice foundation to start a blog
that was different from most people and
then also the fact that we were not
afraid to do a two-person blog set up or
one is a filmer and then I'm in front of
the camera which is you know not your
traditional way of doing blogs but I
think coming from you know action sports
where you always have a filmer it was
just the natural way for me to do it but
generally any
I would say work hard figure out how to
get better at everything you do I mean I
don't think that camera quality is I
mean it's not even close to being the
most important thing I think figuring
out how to edit well how do you know
color I think color grading is important
but most of all what do you want to say
with your vlog I think that is something
we could be better at like we want to be
an inspirational Channel do we want to
show camera equipment travel and sort of
have a direction for what you're doing
but the one goal I have is to work hard
I mean we've done 252 vlogs in 252 days
with not a single day off so that I
think has been the key for us that we've
been we have just kept on pushing and
working hard I mean Casey Neistat said
himself just keep on uploading so I
think that is the key to keep pushing
keep trying to figure out how to do
better and also to pick up on trends
like if it is Christmas it's good to do
Christmas stuff if it's summer
you know barbecue is a trending subject
so trying to figure out what is trending
subjects on YouTube is super important
as well and then G king 22 wants to know
has Marcus always been into like us and
crazy cameras or what was he shooting on
before you guys started shooting when we
met Marcus was shooting on the sony fs7
hundred and the sony a7s
ace 7s I think so so he was not a like a
guy before that but of course I mean
every filmmaker likes to have good
equipment so I think maybe I've
increased his sort of nerdiness around
equipment a bit but he's always like
doing good stuff but now we're able to
do even higher quality with the
equipment that we get um here's a good
question Daniel wants to know which of
all your vlogs do you think is the most
epic and it's stuff like if I had to
pick one vlog that I think is better
than everyone else like if I had to send
a person of law
to show what we can do I did like the
vlog we didn't in Lombok ah I did like
the vlog we didn't Lombok the jungle
dream we can show it up here I like that
one because we had drone stuff we had
GoPros in the car we had rent footage
run around the jungle we have waterfalls
and I just thought the quality of that
one was really nice and then of course
there's so many other ones that I like a
lot like I think that's the best thing
about doing a blog that you can look
back and see what you did six months ago
and when I look at what we've done in
the last six months it's just crazy to
see everything that we've got to
experience as that hmm alright that was
a bit of random questions now I figure
there was time to move into cars because
I know a lot of people out there like
cars first question on the car side of
things from MDK supercars one will you
be at Monaco for the top marks this
spring and I don't know I I'm going to
try to be there because the Monaco top
marks is such a cool event you have all
that supercars running around Monaco so
it's not like a regular car show where
the cars are parked you all you see them
run around Monaco so I'm gonna try to be
at Monaco top marks and then Herman
wants to know what do you think of
people stealing your camera design and
especially putting it on the Ferrari FF
I mean I think when people copy what you
do it's the best form of flatter I mean
it's it's cool to be alone when you do
but if someone does something similar
then that means they probably liked what
you did so I mean I think it's cool it's
fun when people do it of course there is
there's a limit if you copy everything I
think maybe it's not that cool and it
could be more a bit more creative to
have your own touch to it but generally
I think it's pretty fun to see all the
people that like what we do
anthem wants to know why did you go for
a supercharger instead of a
or turbos on the Huracan I knew I wanted
to drive the car every single day and I
wanted to be able to start it up in the
winter and basically not worry about the
car I wanted the fastest car I could
have without loosing any of the stock
real ability so I asked that man I'm
like hey what's the fastest thing you
can build and still enable me to drive
it every single day and I worried about
it and they said that the supercharger
system will be the best for that
turbos yes they give you more power but
to be honest I don't need more power
than the Huracan house it will only make
the car less it will only make the car
you know work less like a standard car
so I want fast standard things so that's
why I picked the supercharger Magnus
wants to know what happened to the
Ferrari versus rolls-royce you were
looking at earlier on are you going to
buy one of them we are going to buy a
four-seater it's a matter of just a
matter of time right now I mean I still
love the Lambo but I don't want to have
a lot of cars so I think if I sell the
Lambo then I'll get a four-seater so if
anyone wants to buy the Lambo just hit
me up I will sell it even though I love
it and if you would buy it I can tell
you it's the sickest two-seater you can
have so yeah if I sell the Lambo I will
get probably an F F or if Yanni decides
a Rolls but I step one is to sell the
Lambo Simon wants to know what makes the
Praga more extreme or better than the
rebellion basically I mean they both
kind of look the same and they're both
extremely extreme cars but the prog is
based on a carbon-fiber monocoque and
it's built to be a race car from the
beginning it has a brace car gear books
and it's just it's built to be on the
racetrack worth the rebellion was built
more to do gumbel so it's like a really
cool car but once you take it on the
track it's not as fine-tuned or as Balan
and not optimized for that so I would
say that they're both sick cars but
driving the project was just insane I
saw a lot of people like oh that's not
the fastest car in the world bla bla bla
bla bla and when I think of a fast car I
don't think about you know zero to sixty
I think about what the car can do around
a track that is what I mean by the
fastest car and I don't think there is a
car out there that can beat the braga on
the track if it's well balanced it's
just insane it'd be interesting to see
if any car could match it I don't think
there is any cars out there that can do
it but I guess so I guess the only way
to do it is to get a Praga and then go
around tracks and challenge people and
see what kind of lap times we can work
out but generally I think it's the
fastest street car for a track I've ever
tried first and then oh nickel under 18
says 20k likes and the program will go
into production and yes
prog I if you're watching you said 20k
likes I think we're 25k likes so you
better put that into production and you
better let me know when I can buy one
because I I love that car I really
really honestly love the car and then
moving on to the last section of today's
Q&A it's in regards to cameras and vlogs
and everything around there and first
question is from Zurich he wants to know
what's up with the 1080p why no more 4k
and the reason we haven't done 4k and
last little bit is first we had bad
internet in Indonesia and then we have
been running around so much that
basically whenever we have cool stuff
that we shoot with a red it'll be 4k
vlogs but if we're just doing random
things like walking around the city and
all that it doesn't make sense to run
around with the red so it'll be say when
we go to Canada for heli skiing it'll
all be 4k as long as the Internet allows
it so it depends a bit on what we're
shooting because I think that it's all
about being smart with the time we put
into the vlogs and of course going 4k
will take a bit longer both in export
and upload so whenever we have epic
stuff will be 4k and
then 1084 the rest I hope that is fine
with you guys
boon mom says I don't get the point of
buying a 50k red camera when the a7 s is
absolutely adequate for YouTube
nobody needs 8k especially not on
YouTube and I totally get the point I
mean that's what any normal person would
say but yeah it's not needed why we
decided to do it is because like one we
don't need to upload an 8k that is
completely unnecessary but for the
future it's good to have that so it's
future proof but most of all we want to
do 4k blogs because we think that you
know that is the direction the in both
industries going overall and if you have
a Sony you can shoot 4k fine
but you can't shoot 4k slo-mo so the
only camera that we have or that is out
there unless you look at even more
craziest things and crazier things then
read like a shoot 4k slo-mo is the red
so if someone shoots a 4k video and has
slo-mo and haven't used to read they've
just sort of changed the format and we
want if we say it's a 4k video it's
supposed to be a 4k video not anything
else so the main reason for the read is
4k slo-mo and then of course there's so
many things that just makes the bread
feel incredible I mean I saw so many
comments yesterday on the intro like oh
my god that's amazing
and I mean that shot with the red so we
are still learning how to use the red in
a proper way but I think there's so many
reasons I mean one thing is as I said
when you want to grow a YouTube channel
you got to find things that makes you
unique so of course the red makes us
stand out so it has part marketing part
4k slo-mo part we love gear and yeah
it's just a mix of everything so yeah
you're right you don't need a 50 K bread
camera but I think that if all these
little things combined in a vlog helps
build a channel and then Arthur wants to
know why did you sell the like SL and
move over to the Sony I will admit the
Leica is incredible
like the skin tones out of the Leica is
insane they're amazing you can get to
pretty much the same result with the
sony and the red but you have to get
better at grading so this is a bit of a
challenge for us but I also like how
much better we've got my grading since
we got the Sony so if the Leica worked
as good in low-light as the Sony does we
would have the like a for sure but when
it gets kind of dark in the winter then
having the Sony really helps us so in an
ideal world would have both but then we
have to sort of limit the amount of gear
we travel bit so yes I love the Leica
but the Sony will give us pretty much
the same thing if we spend more time
grading it so I mean there's no perfect
camera out there and then orsome wants
to know why don't you upload videos at
noon anymore we started doing noon in
the beginning of this vlog because in
the summer it works really good
uploading at noon but when people come
back to work and go to school then more
people are able to watch it at 4 o'clock
Central European Time so that is why we
moved to 4 o'clock and we will price
they at 4 o'clock just because it sort
of works well as well when it comes to
time differences with the states and
stuff like that why do you still say
good morning even if it's not when
you're watching it yeah I guess that's
true I mean but for us this morning when
we start shooting so I guess that's why
we started with good morning and then
was it wants to know where did you get
the cello and buenos noches from like
where does the whole anything on the
blog come from and I guess in the
beginning I just say ciao and everyone
like even if I'm at a meeting I'll be
like alright shall there and so we
started saying that number like well
maybe we should say goodnight in the
language in the country that we're in so
then we just started and once you've
started something it's hard to change it
but if you have any ideas for better
ways than the blog please let me know
we're more than open to hear what you
guys think we should do better and more
I think we should learn more in the
language that we're speaking so it's not
just one word like yesterday I tried
increase it a bit this questions from
Nicholas it's like a continuation of the
red like what cameras and you guys use
for slow-motion stuff and like all the
beauty stuff we choose the red and then
we shoot the sony for all the talking
stuff and all the wall brain and stuff
and then we are actually starting to use
gopro more and more for mounting them in
the car on the surfboard time lapses and
things like that so those are the main
cameras that we use and then we have the
DJ Mavic drone and the DJI phantom 4 and
then we have new drones incoming so stay
tuned on that one when we are going more
overkill and then Aleta has a big
question what is the plan for the next
year the next five years the next 10
years and to be honest I don't plan that
much I just live my life everyday and
try to do the best that I can every
single day and I don't really have a
plan I guess why I'm working artists to
create a financial stability so that I'm
able to have the freedom to do what I do
and not worry about things I think I'll
always work 12 hours a day no matter if
I win a billion dollars because it's
like when I don't work I just feel weird
and awkward so I guess that yeah
financial stability is what I'm trying
to achieve and of course that can be a
lot of different things but I want to be
able to have a house and long book and I
want to be able to travel a lot and I
want to be able to fly business class
without worrying about the price when I
have that I'll be I'll be set I'll be
really happy
I don't need private jets just business
class that would be that your goal in
life to buy it business class ticket and
not worry about the price yeah a
continuation what's your big dream that
you haven't realized yet I'd like to
build a house from scratch by a lot to
sign a house and just do it all the way
from the beginning that's you know a big
dream of mine I think I've had a lot of
dreams in my life and I've accomplished
most of them but that would be something
I'd be yeah I'd love to do that and then
we are actually at the last question for
today from Brenda she says I think you
should let your audience help you choose
the fourth person in your group
editor that we're looking for I kind of
agree like whoever will come with us
will be part of the group so in case you
guys don't like the person that is not
going to be good for the vlog so we're
going to try to figure out how to best
choose the person I'm sure that we are
going to upload a couple things from the
people that we are narrowing down all
the searching for so I will try to keep
you guys posted and hopefully ask for
you guys as opinion so yeah with this
that's about it I have full meeting that
I need to jump into and I'm sure that
we've had more than enough questions
here so I hope you guys enjoyed it and I
will see you guys tomorrow hopefully
with Johnny around she's out running
around working so I will see you guys
tomorrow from oh yeah buenos noches
hasta manana hope I got that correct now
see you guys tomorrow ciao
