good morning Gordon Morgan the sun is
shining I know I was gonna say in a good
morning it is finally Marva is back to
Marbella weather blue skies and so yeah
cuz I don't know what to do in Marbella
when it's not sunny then it's it's too
cold in the golf car when it's not sunny
it is so no more 20 euro gas station
down jacket nope now this morning
stretching yes I will not lie my back
has been a little tired from that try
what's today's done you know we don't
have much of a plan I have a couple
things I want to do so maybe coffee and
then like something smoke then
McCallister I'm slowing the brain I
don't want to swim Oh is he cold yeah
that's cool like how cold do you think
that is I don't know it's it's like 10
maybe don't say 4 feels like - but I do
want a rope swing actually since I'm
leaving tomorrow
yeah after upswing before you go many of
the land in there in the two-degree
water
freakin cold I was thinking more to swim
underwater see if I could do it in this
temperature yeah should we why not let's
think about it for a bit longer
coffee and stuff first oh so you gotta
go down yes mission for today switch the
battery are you in it I have no idea
Richard's coming ok
party yeah did you downgrade really nice
this is a fast one did you switch in the
Mercedes for this there's been nothing
between good-natured what happened
someone someone gave him an offer and
you sold all the way so I rented my car
ah sort of it's okay
sweet ride bye honey
bye we're gonna go and check out one of
the houses that richard has built up so
we will see you in a second in this
sweet ride yes
well oooka-deesh
I can't even imagine it's the same house
that we looked at this summer
whoa whoa yeah what happened to you it
does not look like the same house that
we visited the summer we have some old
pictures of that right yep check this
out it had all these round arches and I
wouldn't have known it's the same house
this is the architect of the house who's
also playing with my house what do you
think I think I want to build build
stuff yeah I meet you so cool but how
you can change things yeah so it's gonna
be nice to see and they say five weeks
then we'll see how it looks finished if
anyone wants to buy it
so that was the summer or like three
months ago and holy wow it's different
now whoa yeah so richard has built this
project and we're gonna go check it out
can we just break in so where's the key
Richard in the car
in the boss player car wow look at this
come along please I love how this wall
light goes from inside to out yeah me
too
really nice you got the key yeah the key
okay that's the good thing when you are
gonna go look at a house whoops wrong
key welcome thank you
I've seen your Instagram stories I know
a little bit nah nice I need to do the
same in my house does have a pillar in
my kitchen that I can't remove and this
is from saying this will say yeah yeah
if you want to buy the house you'll find
all the info to spam Richard with emails
in the description it's quite delayed
because the Builder was really delayed
and then we have the weather here it's
terrible for like three weeks with like
massive rain so the garden is not done
but I hopefully it's gonna be done this
week yes the same gardeners means the
garden will be impeccable
down pool shower I like this one that's
cool
double sink last time we found out the
window I love the raw concrete research
so the house looked like this before
right yep it's like the best gardener in
my mail I got my car back oh yeah
oh nice upgrade you're a boss back the
boss player you don't realize how close
it is to the ocean it's just over there
ocean view should we maybe show what
this place looks like from the air of
course yeah yeah
here goes like a little scenery
nice alright yeah it's really cool
it's all about the special shots yeah
we're gonna start working like real
estate agent filmers I built and you can
we film and film I sell it perfect good
plan fine and we leave with too many
thoughts of inspiration of fixing yes as
always
oh and believe in style and yes we do
the boss pair is back spin home yep back
home checking out my my jungle yeah yeah
we planted this a year ago and it's nice
to see how it's now like grown yeah a
hammock here oh we never got to it this
is what the magic gardener can do you
know what I'm gonna do mm-hmm tell me
look at cracked iPhone yeah so I'm gonna
go ahead and try a new phone you away
exactly
cuz it has to like a camera oh I don't
you know usually I am an apple guy but
if there's a phone with a Leica camera
on it they've made me curious do you
think it's a dual SIM card or is it just
two different pockets hmm I think you
can have two that would be epic
yeah well for mister traveler you're
lost of course I am 100% lost let's see
if we connected there we go
oh it's um hey come on no you got to
start using whatsapp as love I can't
send I'd message
nope not FaceTime either nope
something's happening
that might may be better for my poor
back I agree I agree see I haven't been
that happy with the iPhone lately why
not just the way you like the new system
like how you start it up and then yeah I
liked it better before it's thinner
I wonder how battery life is it's just
important you know what else is
important this is not a paid commercial
aren't you sponsored no these kind of
things are probably my least favorite
thing in the world yes
let's come back later because this could
take a while I'm on a solo mission are
you yes no if I have to do it again cuz
you ain't serving a meeting so you gotta
use that he's always busy so I have to
do it again because that's not focused I
can help you with the focus come on
let's do it again
oh look at the baby how cute and another
baby all the babies we're having a baby
party yeah yeah she started screaming
when she saw me only nice girls and
action action no he's coming I can't
feel that we're done with the meeting
yes the babies look what the babies left
oh the babies left and I made the fire I
love the fire yeah I want to hang out
with the babies I like the babies you're
obviously having a meeting
yeah I had to do it yes I didn't
schedule I scheduled it a long time in
advance for once okay and now
Jana is filming her look tell me
everywhere
yes everybody keys yes everything
perfect
you got a new jacket you're green today
today we're rocking quality yeah good
and right now we are on a film
assignment for miss Yanni the letter
look calm we should do more of these
shoots when I don't have to be in front
of the camera but behind but behind so
production company Weller all some ready
for service
always Markus I forget I think someone
forgot to tell you that it's not that
warm out it's like look at Yanni dressed
pulley and I'm like freezing and I have
a down jacket
but Markus Valera is rocking shorts and
a t-shirt we're in Spain yeah but it's
so cold it's still Spain oh well let's
get this shoot on the road and go crush
it yes
feeling good yes next time I want to
shoot the red and not the camera okay
you can thank you if you want to see
what we filmed this corner yeah right
corner yeah I know
Yanni's channel check it out and also
she added all the video all the vlogs by
yourself today you're gonna edit your
first red stuff
oh nice exciting you guys are excited
I'm not good stay out awake all night
you have a pro teacher with you so let's
go home it's cold
welcome that should be good I think
we're going yoga again okay cuz this
time around I actually have back pain
that I know won't be epic
after some yoga have you seen that the
One Ring has started to break yeah that
works great okay I'm starting to like
this phone it's taking me a little bit
to like figure out like the Android
stuff but I have faith that this is
gonna be better than the iPhone I've not
been friends with the iPhone lately good
I have total faith but I need a little
bit more time before I'll give you guys
my final judgement okay
are you still hanging you don't think
it's enough hanging for today right okay
it's honestly with the background that I
have this is like magic
mm-hm like I was 20 minutes ago I was
like barely getting out of my seat you
do this and it like relaxes your spine
and it's an incredible did I mention I
love fires yes in every single blog for
the last week okay but you know
something
hmm I love fires okay you do I love them
as well like who doesn't everybody
applause fires I can smell something
good today
today we're okay so chili it is well I
bought this chili thing but it wasn't
what I expected that to me like normally
I like to have the chili fruits cut up
in there but I'm having better maybe
it's time to say goodbye to blood I
think you guys long mark name so yeah I
agree and I'm leaving tomorrow so this
is the final little chow for this year
for me yeah Wow
that means we'll have a lot of tired
shells coming out of this guy so we will
say buenos noches
hasta manana yeah I love that in the
comments all you did good job I hope is
correct
yeah and that it means like tomorrow
okay see you tomorrow hasta manana
ciao
