good morning ice good morning Marcus how
did you sleep all of the good morning
Marcus okay sorry good morning - how did
you sleep
I slept excellent I think I've been a
little tired from last couple days and
then waking up to our YouTube stats
today was a good morning it was we are
now at 1.4 million views in the last 48
hours thanks guys thank you which is a
new record for us which is awesome
because it's fun when you work hard and
then you see that it pays off
yep these little little numbers here's
where we follow everything yeah
analytics we follow all the stats on the
comments and we try to figure out how to
make good stuff and drink coffee I'm
gonna go have a Red Bull yes but before
um I was thinking about tomorrow I
should be around a Q&A tomorrow or the
next day uh yeah just um let's do a QA
if it's tomorrow the next day we'll see
because I think we haven't had one in a
long time nope so comments below let us
know what you want us to answer and if
you see a question that you like like it
so yes so lots of pushes yes easier for
us to go through mmm because we have 700
emails on applicants for the job to go
through no we have 971 emails to go
through oh right I counted yesterday so
anyone that simply videos uh if we are
looking through it but it will take a
few days to go through everything
guess it's 971 people applying for the
job cheers Cheers
I'm gonna get right to it again great
Sienna better yeah like up from the side
front has certain angles Wentworth
actually it's almost no frizzy that's
every car
goodbye car I feel so sad we've grown to
love each other now it's going away yeah
we're gonna figure out how we can go on
a second date real soon okay bye bye bye
car see you soon
stay raw be careful to it yeah treat her
nicely
ha
that's not nice way darlin so it should
be handling he's a real popular here in
the neighborhood
like that I am sad we've been discussing
they're sort of working out
okay they're crazy that's why this car
looks like that because it's a bunch of
crazy people that bill but they're
enough crazy enough to drive it - Krog
yeah but it's snowing there I heard so
okay I think maybe it's good to be smart
sometime you were saying what Ruthie
uh what was it yeah they're debating
whether they should put this into
production and I'm saying leave a
comment below and tell them to put it
into production because we need more of
that on the road so if we get a million
comments on this video but if we get
20,000 likes on this video will we put
in a production sure there we go
20,000 likes below we'll see these on
the road I'll be the first customer why
cuz they won't tell me that the only one
prototype no I'm saying go production
brag I go get my car okay we're gonna
miss you I'm really gonna miss her mmm
million thanks guys okay thank you very
much it's great to meet like-minded
crazy
drive safe don't do anything we wouldn't
do no drifting trailer okay
bye guys so I jumped in the golf car
last night it felt really strange it was
like wobbly stop and where's the power
where's the power maximum 42 I'm like
come on it was better on the road bump
so oh it's gone now you got to leave it
behind
or just buy it come on if I drank
alcohol I have a big whiskey right now
okay no but it looks like I don't get
eggs like separation anxiety but I have
it now but that means we got to get one
yeah whoa Marcus yes we have a problem
what's the problem we don't have any
more wood the question is should I cut
or should you cut we should not cut
together I should cut for safety reasons
okay I will I will film you from the
roof
Chipping now yeah okay then we can make
a fire can I do it shirtless of course
barefoot shirtless that's where it's at
good I'll go to the roof so this is our
new safety measures of filming what good
cutting do you think this is safe enough
I'm not sure you have to really like let
go of the ax to kill me up here oh yeah
I want to come down I'm okay
hold on you guys want to see what Marcus
is laughing at sure this is our new wood
chopping equipment okay I'm good walk
safety distance oh yeah you're hiding
behind the flowers by by the golf car
BAM yeah
let's go light that fire that's it no um
filmers were hurt during this filming no
idiots with helmets either you want to
load me up
Oh
done
Omo we're safe huh we're safe but I'm so
happy with my camera helmet I love it
I was at least the second Quaker yes I
love making fires
I'm never gonna put a heater in this
house because then you don't need to
make fires it's kind of cheating with
that no that is the only thing you
should buy it in mega China no axis no
our plan now is to make a fire make this
place real warm clean up all the mess I
did when I was wrapping the helmet make
it all nice for when he comes home
look at this nice and clean it's good
right
good jump yeah I thought it was about
time for us to like get this be warm
clean and nice and we've been so
occupied with everything else do we have
not had time no but now I'm gonna go
pick up Yanni in your new jacket rockin
my 20 year old gas station jacket love
it rocking it with stop I'll see you
yeah season oh yes please hello hello
carpet already's yeah it was just so
good last time even though all the
Italians watching the vlog system we did
a terrible job making a carbonara and
that it wasn't a car no matter what it
is it's good exactly
yeah it's a Swedish awesome yes version
of it okay should throw some more wood
on there oh really heat this thing up
one box of M&Ms thank you I don't know
why he bought a big one a big one a lot
the big one
please with the eggs mom sorry my god I
love the big one
thank you yes beat whoa yes you know me
this is my favorite chocolate we should
really start trying to work on how to be
better role models for nutrition I'm an
ER and then he said no I'm gonna make
dinner I'm gonna make dinner what are
you gonna make them you're always making
for dessert yeah but it's a good dinner
you don't even know you suit yourself
oh yeah I did look at this my epic
jacket has a hole in the pocket I'm
really this point of the quality this
what are you making honey we could
potentially delay the carbonara
something now what are y'all free honey
okay my dinner for this eggs bananas
raspberries blueberries
okay iMovie has potential I've got like
an egg smoothie no I'm saying some sort
of pancake and Greek yogurt pancake baby
what do you mean man you gotta tell us
so we know if we should cancel and a
pancakes okay we may have Nutella we can
do carbonara tomorrow we have kids are
oops oh okay yeah no I can even have
M&Ms okay yes pancakes it is thank you
young proud oh you know I was thinking
more like a vegetable
yeah well the pink which there's not a
pancakes
that was my fun so thank you for making
dinner I don't know if you wonder we won
but I mean it's all good one I almost
won yeah you're this one okay good did
you see
I citizen hope here now yeah did you did
she comment on it no nothing I did but
the camera wasn't all y'all is that
lying little eye now we're talking yes
you can make vegetarian dinner every day
you want this is Tom day dinner then we
need something sweet max bone was a good
choice
was it ah just the cold ice cream really
fits well with the pancake enough but
we're not gonna work to my or talk too
much about how the food tastes because
you can go to Yanni's blog and check
that out which corner oh yeah
left hand can't kick quits up their beer
yeah good job yeah I have to think real
hard
did you tell that I'm that I'm doing a
week vlog you can tell you that the
transfer hasn't come through for the
promotional cost yet okay so I'm doing a
vlog every day for a week
I started this Wednesday or Thursday so
yeah check it out you need more wood
yeah but then we have to go out it's
cold so I'm trying to go stuff around
maximize what web I like the finest
whole like chimneys super hot feel again
giant heater ahh
nice right super nice that's what
happens when you put a lot of wear this
you never know if you just gonna throw
it going
relax relax don't do it do the robot
dance the one no yeah we can do it no
more dancing today today the dance has
ended and we should end everything yes
so I say buenos noches and we'll see you
guys tomorrow we will with no more cars
no cars tomorrow we'll be back to like
normal logging yes
okay cha-cha-cha
