good morning good morning this is a good
morning this is an epic morning we just
showed up here at the Ascari racetrack
and realized this track is filled with
epic cars today yeah it's an open night
it's an open day and it's a lot of like
LMP and gt3 s and all sorts of craziness
so I thought we'd come here and be by
far the fastest car and now I see that
there is a ton of sick race cars I love
it I'm gonna chug this coffee and then
I'm gonna get on the road it's still a
little wet and cold so that's gonna make
life really scary for a bit but it looks
like it's sunny so it's gonna dry up
perfect so I think I'd say we just get
started and have fun it's time it's that
time look at all the cars there
gt3 Porsche cups lot of craziness and
then of course the program but now it's
time to see how this thing feels on the
track come on I'm gonna try to be dead
you
oh I'm sweating you're so focused in
there that it's energy draining but holy
mother or god I can't believe you drove
to Monaco in this car and now you're
going here and it's the Beast it's sick
it's still a bit wet out but yeah we're
we're getting there really robear
building confidence good I like oh yeah
like you forget that you drove on a road
to that track with this Clark because it
feels like any full-blown race car that
you get on the track which is like
unbelievable night when the car is just
sick
he gets a thumbs up did you book it I
did a book he put that like after of
course of course you booked a helicopter
what's a taste like without the
helicopter okay let's go let's go
hold on now we can fly okay now we're
ready let's go let's go look at the
track from the top I always wanted to
shoot her rent out of a helicopter and
now is your turn now is our chance no
more drones we're going airborne I have
a today's comment actually regarding the
rent when I am what is it what's
happened to the rent
did you sell it no nothing you haven't
using it no some days we use it more
some day so you said less and today
we're gonna use it yeah wherever it fits
to shoot the red we shoot the right
come on baby whatever you thank you
thank you now we go drive again no it's
all about lap times
was it laptop time yes but I'm still
shilling a bit no stop chilling and go
hard okay I'm gonna try to slowly
increase that's reference I drove the
the rental radicals with the slick tires
yeah the race cars I think it was 222 if
I can do that with this then I'm happy
okay because we're still not going crazy
yes of course we are no we're going
we're increasing smartly okay well yeah
we can we can start looking at times
let's entrust them yep
you
2:21 oh really yeah I traffic look like
that's with row times yet but it all
traffic on every love really that's nuts
insane
yeah 2:21 I'm there's so much more on
the car if it yeah I just need to grow
some balls and this is
don't roll set up like we could fine
tune this part track set up because we
have a bit of understeer in some slower
corners god it's so fun with all down
the cars on the track
overheat the rear tires of it though sad
to let go when there's a lot of fun
stuff around so I guess this is where we
say happy birthday to Marcus thank you
how do you feel you're ready for this I
feel super ready well let's jump in this
thing and see what you got and enjoy
don't forget to smile and breathe of
course yeah I'm gonna be scared
well happy birthday thank you oh are you
scared yes Oh are we done no I think we
are done we're gonna quit while we're
ahead
no but I could have like kept trip
driving a trip but we are a little tired
from the drive over here we are so we're
trying to be the smart guys and like not
go all the way until we're in the
sandpit yeah but to conclude today I
have to say that the car is incredible
like it's out of this world I mean now
we had a full street set up old tires
didn't even adjust ever anything for the
track we basically drove it it straight
onto the track and then went full speed
yeah and then I still went faster than I
did in the radicals so yeah like I just
want to try more but overall it was just
just that it's insane as I expected but
now I want to try with slicks and like
the epic setup so conclusion a really
good day an incredible car and it's just
as good as I thought it'd be and every
day on the sky racing yeah but now we're
yeah let's drive some more drive home
yes or maybe we could spin home yeah
let's spin home we'll see you guys at
Casa Como
what'd I miss yeah whoa we are home
again
oh dude Moo I'm really tired but I can't
believe that you can drive this from
Monaco to Marbella hit the track and
then come back and you're in a
full-blown race car yeah
and park it in your garage exactly she
won't open yeah I'll Drive its creator
okay
first a daily driver all you need is a
golf car and a race car yeah can I
can we just we can keep it here if you
want yes let's try it yeah perfect
hmm I'll give it a 9 out of 10 it
doesn't get a ton because it's not mine
and it doesn't have camera yet otherwise
well yeah yep yes yep it can't be
an LMP center wing and camo anything you
want name it just blow it to the end I
mean we're gonna make it for you all
right it's time to end today's vlog go
make some Photoshop sketches because I
need a race car cam a race car yeah no
ski box goes on that thank you for a fun
day it was awesome
Poconos noches we'll see you guys
tomorrow over now from like probably the
best three days in a long time Chuck
ciao
