we have two seeds we have two seeds
super nine so overnight we changed from
the center driving position and now we
have double the double is pretty tight
so you're a big guy but I think we can
we should try okay I think it's forcing
therefore Yanni but more suitably on it
but we're a team so we got to get in
there and drive okay say Barcelona and
today we're driving a thousand
kilometers
Tamar Bay off
you have an audience
oh yeah this is plenty of space no
problem right
oh this is comfy
this is how a team travels yes tight all
right let's do it
let's do it I don't know how much we'll
be able to talk later okay so it's like
thumbs up and like yeah Kasich um oh
here we go
Oh argh you drink that's the most
difficult part to remember
and 66 killem
Mincher
just to phobia this is nothing
if you feel vision
I don't think you can realize how much
of a race car this is until you're
actually in it No
no absurd
I saw them and I was like of course we
have some
I'm surprised it took us like 800
kilometres to get home over
yeah I mean if I was the police I pull
this over right away I feel like no
chances Thanks
it's whipper let go
no problem
so with this really
Oh
I love the song noise levels with Avicii
to drive really bad yes
yes
were you big in the car it's super nice
like I love it it's hard to describe
right yes it's also described
it's just wrong it's mega wrong if you
everyone mention one thing that like
 yeah yeah you're like yeah race
course yes yeah it's your turn eonni yes
are you ready I'm excited it's now I'm
gonna sleep you're gonna sleep in it yes
yeah it's not made for you can sleep in
this I will be impressed I will be I'm
gonna be able to sleep for 107 I think
so yes like for tired and I could lay
down like I can't feel the entire right
side of my body
you know the mark is never complained
it's like yeah that was that seat is not
meant for a 190 market nothing but for a
one but I vent dyani like food a road
trip means any makers yeah like food
we're not stopping okay I need red ball
in Jack's bed right in my oh we have a
problem we have a big problem
the other problem we have a problem no
Russell would read one would know I just
want my sugar for it's a burn or a
monster oh oh yeah I'd rather have a
beer Marcus you want you wanna know sure
yes oh cool I don't want to lose my job
okay that was a trick question
okay I think I've stopped on this gas
station before Oh yummy
here's worst up with the rebellion upon
an ice pack right I had my head in the
fridge I had your head in the fridge it
was so hot out that we stopped the like
I did this so you've done this before
well now we don't need to but yeah oh
it's like I remember the doors I hope
you enjoy yummy
thank you Marcus what I mean look I'm
super comfortable but can you like
stretch your legs one leg yeah because
that's the problem like no but when I
when I fly always sit with my knees on
the
seat in front of me this is like no
knowledge okay cool feels like home like
a plane like okay
cheers markets of all this but even on
stocks if it ever the family road trip
now we're all you guys okay there we are
in position nativity goodnight Bible
good enough drive safe it's gonna fall
asleep in two seconds
do you want an M&M
no oh yeah actually I do how's the
driver we're getting to know each other
better and better because yeah in the
beginning of our relationship you gotta
be gentle no less and less gentle it
feels like gumbo with all these lights
behind me or my oh it's gumbo and siren
I can't hear the siren but I see the
lights cool makes me wanna go fast if I
go too slow send me a text and tell me
have an M&M hello Jana
increasing Turbo Power need to get to my
they are quicker average speed of that
we're good
so slight little update here somehow we
lost the support car because they got
stuck in traffic and then took it
completely different road so we now have
like 500 kilometers to Marbella here and
we're all alone
which is fine besides the fact that it's
getting really cold we're freezing cold
- the fact that I can't feel my handsome
toes so we're gonna go in the gas
station and see if we can find something
to buy yeah I'm ready to like wear
anything Mito Chronicle cooler Parker no
I guess you have it over your head no
yeah then they look like robbers ones
coming with us for sure yeah but we
can't they have to I'm gonna see if they
up to 20 euros good oh let's go out this
is like you want to buy coffee like on
survival me - hey you have a new jacket
I am officially almost warm turtleneck
awesome like 20 euro down jacket huh
Jonnie got my sweater
we both have turtlenecks
and gloves for Yanni well now we go four
or five hundred kilometers north and
hopefully get some are may without
anymore bro
I think I'm shaking cuz it's look cool
let's go okay
work together we can hold hands yes
no problem got it
hello Gaza god oh oh oh how's your body
I mean it's seen its better days but I'm
willing to sacrifice that yeah for
awesomeness like this juicy good night
before we put this thing in the garage
yeah I think it's time to say good night
no we're gonna try to end cuz the end of
this video I didn't turn out the way we
thought it because we had been alone for
the last five hours yeah so cameraman
and everyone is gone but he's back
tomorrow hopefully they all show up here
in a little bit yeah but before we put
this away for today now after 1800
kilometers in this thing I am now
completely in love with it nice it is
not a car for someone who wants a
comfortable car or in a normal car but
if you like 100% pure driving experience
when you don't listen to music and all
you do is drive for 1,800 kilometers
this is the most fun car I have ever
driven
what was that I forgot no main power
switch okay so yeah
bottom line an incredible car but in two
days we're gonna put it to this at the
Ascari track war this thing belongs well
now we've tested it so it works for you
know the road where it doesn't belong
well I guess it belongs everywhere okay
but that is it from us today I hope you
guys enjoyed our coverage of our little
trip it's time to enjoy Marbella and
then go to us car in two days okay um
buenos noches we'll see you guys
tomorrow ciao Joe Chuck
