holy motherfucking spitballs hello
what is that this is our ride to my baya
de praga or 1r are you kidding me are
you kidding me
you gotta be kidding no I'm not kidding
this is what we do
holy Sh look at it so alright so let a
little bit of background um
Braga emailed me saying what it said
like hey do you want to come and test
the car I'm like of course I want to
test the car and then I'm like why don't
we do something more fun why don't we
take this car from Monaco to Marbella
which is like 1500 kilometers or
thousand miles and they're like cool but
are you sure you really want to do it
and I'm like yes the only way to get the
newer cars to spend time with her but
are you sure look I mean this is a bit
more extreme than anything of like what
looked like this small window you jump
in like I don't get excited of too many
cars I don't know if this goes under the
car or a space rocket category but it is
honorable UFO holy mother it is crazy
right so what you can do I say you can
have a centered driving position which
is placed now or you can do a double
seat configuration you can so that we
can all get comfy Wow but the good thing
is that we have a support car over there
do it oh yeah yeah otherwise this would
be tricky with three people and skis and
so scarce yeah
and slightly let me look at it have you
ever seen anything this extreme it's
insane
I hope the video doesn't justice gets
this is like let me see it is so
incredible and it's so think wow the
next three days for four days are gonna
be epic yes like Lambos are cool but
this is like next-level stuff
it is next-level oh my god I'm excited
sly defeating first yeah feels like I'm
really jumping into a Lamont's lmp1 car
oh hello this makes the rebellion seem
like a boss fairbell E&T
Oh like I'm so comfortable oh yeah oh
yeah cuz you're laying down it's this is
perfect for your back nice butt oh right
whoo I've never been in anything like
this and why not like jump in it and
then drive a thousand kilometres so you
have a gold card set up so only two
pedals so you never have to like move
your feet and everything so left foot
braking so it's basically like a giant
mega awesome go-kart how do you feel I
feel like I'm I am totally 100% mega
excited the boulders home for two days
let's go do this let's go see how the
prog ah r1r handles 1,001 1500
kilometres hey let's do it ignition up
oh yeah a no racecar it's doing it let's
see what they got
okay so this makes the Lambo seem like
four comfortable bus
this is exactly the talk the car that I
love although I am a little bit nervous
the race car is always a race car
it is so sick
like the down shifts it's like going
doing everything it's a full-blown race
car and you're on the road driving
around people look at your strangely I
love it so pick up your knee and then
let's go yeah let's take this thing for
a road trip
can I Drive it's my favorite color is it
yes you like it yes okay not you think
it's a good idea to take it 1,500
kilometres no why not it painful no I
mean it's beautiful why not try it out
my she's like an experienced LMP
uncomfortable long ride car am driver
yeah no problem
okay let's see if I remember everything
monster ignition
comfortable let's do it
holy shit this car is wild yes it makes
the Lambo seem like a bus
how's the car well it only has one major
problem what's the major problem it's
that I really want it oh yeah it's like
so sick and I still haven't like you
said what it's for like what you haven't
pushed it full speed no what how light
it is when you push the car like that no
but it's like that the experience in the
car is unlike anything I mean I thought
oh yeah I know how to describe a race
car I've driven radicals a lot
this makes radical seem like the bus
like a children's bus is it yeah so like
it goes so this is basically the fastest
car around the track you can have on the
street I think so
and that's sick I don't see a reason to
get out of this car all right
let's hope I don't like it as much in
the next like a couple hours otherwise
if you're gonna get broke bottom ice
this might they would have been cheaper
to take a private jet - should we go we
should and now it's getting cold -
slippery tyres really drive safe
disco driving
you
bringing out the race hood yeah I got a
little chilly in there so then I figured
why not be racing and warm okay and your
youth is Jesus and double socks and I
even have fireproof socks on okay it
taken this very serious well now like
where do you want to go to Stockholm or
Sweden or China yeah it's just like
every time you downshift coming into the
road tolls you like and then it's your
fire bind yeah like I was like first I
thought it was speed camera and then I'm
like no wait here did you get flashed by
the speed camera I think so we got
slashed twice really yes two out of two
well I probably we have a hundred
percent record on my speed camera
yeah I'm not sure but like I see flashes
everywhere and I don't know if it's the
car shooting fire or its fire is it I
want to see the fire you'll see it
tomorrow
how's it going fant√°stico okay here's
your tickets thank you
yeah when I just rub that a little on
the front whoops you want to rub Oh
oh good god let's do this let's go
and reblocking the whole phone
okay sorry
I want to see the fastest acceleration
you have done in your entire life per
second okay
mmm
me
and we're here
like 800 kilometers later Barcelona W
Hotel hello W the only time I come to
Barcelona and 2w is when I arrive in
strange cars I've been here twice three
times before we gumball or Kennedy but
this I've never come in a single seater
before okay the first time yeah
watching the vlog now but live in the
morning yeah live logging the preview
the period yes
I'm like Superman the quick change yes
good can't walk into the hotel looking
like that
no that only Larson Gumbel it's
currently 12 the sunset for like this
one sounds like a long time ago yeah
Danny we need you okay in there I have
the hiccups Oh maybe you can hear hey
there you go yeah well she gets it she
can't stop no I'm gonna keep on doing
this for like an hour so yeah then I say
we end today's vlog so you can hiccup
and peace about a camera okay yes I do I
hope you guys had a good day and more
about the car tomorrow a lot because
then we're driving to mobile but with
just first conclusion it fit it feels as
reliable as an Audi but like a bit more
extreme tiny bit more yeah we'll come
back it'll be a lot with this we're
going to drive to Marbella tomorrow
another thousand and something
kilometres so we got a long day and then
we're gonna head up to Ascari and let
this beast loose and that is where
Marcus birthday gift comes in Oh what an
Earth Day gift includes this and Marcus
in there but around a starry night so
everyone who wants to see me drive that
Palace car like below and also if you
liked the video you can you're gonna
drive it you're gonna drive it either
way yeah but like I won't like she was
like yeah like like if you liked the
video we'll see you guys tomorrow we had
an epic epic day when has no chance
yeah adios ciao
okay
