and good morning trouble Rock and Merry
Christmas today is Christmas Eve in
Sweden we're starting the day with some
cooked country skiing cross-country lady
ready ready
100% wish me luck I've done this once
see this is the best part about coming
home to Mora for Christmas is that we
are activity family so of course we
gotta start with course country skiing
I love how wintery it is just like we
were when we were kids team ready team
ready go go go
canine unit training
k9 ready k9 unity with extra boost super
power now we go for it maybe it'll be a
doll Tiger love you too you're rocking
the horn style arms only try to push
with the likes there you go
but you wanted a white Christmas you got
it white Christmas racer yani midway
point turning point I think you're doing
fantastic me I'm copying your mom never
seen any better new camera that's good
so she she's approved she's really
approved yes it's so nice though like in
the last 10 years
maybe 15 I'd want to say that I was not
mature enough to appreciate these kind
of things so I feel like I'm collecting
wiseness points realizing what's good
what makes you feel good our trout like
mini trout little creek here we used to
run around in the woods and get bitten
by mosquitoes but then we got these mini
trout's and it's wonderful so this is
like me this is where we grow up and
what we used to do very like kind of
active family head down head down
sufyani can survive the downhills
talk about an improvement curb success
or jury of the day
nice look at what a lady I have she can
rock the heels and she can crush the
mountains or the forests on
cross-country skis I'm claiming couple
goals
let's get Johnny looking winter
wonderland come in hot Johnny with the
extra power go naki go go go
honey honey honey what a girl you're
growing up in these kind of things you
appreciate a lady that can rock out a
pair of cross-country skis and just go
for gold in the downhills
you mrs. Christmasy music start talking
look how pretty
what I said look how pretty my
girlfriend looks Christmas balls good
Lumi I even have hairspray I feel like
I'm at a photo shoot I'm trying to look
sophisticated for Christmas good let's
go
now we're gonna head to Yanni's mom's
family up in Oaks Betty and eat just eat
more which is awesome considering I'm
really hungry after a cross-country ski
so yeah Curt scoop in Maura
but saturated trusted letting
Jake's a bitter suffering sleepless
nights and wandering before you make it
safely to the
don't say you're ridiculous you're not
evil colors don't wish for a difference
you're not one of those so we have now
been hanging out here we watched kolenka
and like all that traditional and sweet
you may have like a TV show that we've
been watching the same things as we're
like seven years old and now apparently
we're supposed to have a Christmas gift
game everyone buys a Christmas gift
and then you roll a dice and whoever
gets of one or six gets to pick
everybody picks and then you have a
certain amount of minutes for the timer
and then if you roll the dice and if you
have a six or one you can trade gifts
with someone and then when the timer
goes off whatever you have is what you
keep I think I understood it that way
before the training starts and then
hopefully you end up with one you want
so we're going we're gonna go try that I
only have a 50 millimeter lens it'll be
filmed a little weird so I don't have to
have a light in everybody's face but
we're having a great time spending time
with family and like maturing like doing
good stuff in life so we write back
after we've done the game
thank you nice I consider myself a
winner of the Christmas gift this can be
perfect in the g4 note or what I say I
love this blanket yes what did you get
good for you but it got oh the k-9 unit
naturally it takes the pan light who
wanted this really really badly
who would have thought the yani wanted a
headlamp the most dark and cold - 13
okay it's a little dark in here we're
gonna check back once we get tomorrow
but thank you yeah nice mom and sister
and family for inviting us for Christmas
and for showing us the awesome Christmas
game
and what would a Christmas vlog be
without a couple per Christmas gift me
and Yanni decided that we're not gonna
get each other anything because we like
to give our sell or give each other's
stuff at random times but we do have a
couple gifts for mom and dad yes are you
not curious come here sit down or sit
wherever you want to sit Merry Christmas
oh pardon the maybe not so exclusive
gift wrapping that's the Explorer pack
and I know that you guys are going to
Bob gotta enough to skis see he tore up
her ski pass yeah and then what you
should really check that you perfect you
should really check out the top pocket
though it's a great park at the the
puffle white yeah that's a great pocket
Wow what's in the pocket what's the
telephone I know your phone doesn't take
pictures it's a new iPhone for both you
what can we say surprise
full meet you for each other so now you
can do great like FaceTime and take
photos while you're skiing it's too much
you came true Oh fantastic what can we
say oh we needed you appreciate the time
we're so thankful grateful to be here we
didn't talk about Christmas gifts but I
thought that that you were coming home
for Christmas
is it's a gift enough yeah we're just
happy to be an iPhone yeah it's an
iPhone 7
can I handle it yes same same but better
camera and a bit larger so it's easier
to read
oh I don't understand why do you want to
me to look in the top pocket without
these guys driving me to the ski slope
every day I would not afford to buy an
iPhone so that's the least I can do
thank you very much and the only other
thing we can do is end the vlog and say
goodnight so that we can just watch a
Christmas movie and and relax but I
can't relax now yes and not only that I
don't have to charge it every second
hour remember this Christmas and also I
will remember are we sit at your mom's
place in Roxbury the kindness from
everyone yeah
have you already lost a lot every time
we come here it's a lesson in life that
more is not always better
now good is better yeah I'm maturing I'm
growing up I'm realizing that everything
they told me when I was a kid that I
didn't understand I'm starting to pick
up now I'm good I'm a slow learner but
I'm getting there
sorry I say I think we just say Merry
Christmas and good good not good not
good you know chatty boy you know Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas
Oh pop boatful chat the bangers go okay
so international thing the canine unit
has a new phone with this phone we can
do everything yes yes
no limits no no limits from Mora sweida
yes
iPhone
