good morning good morning the sun is
shining the Sun is always shining in
Monaco which is good cuz I didn't sleep
last night
me neither too many ideas and thoughts
in my head yeah me too but that's all
yesterday now it's a full speed full
speed ahead again as usual I'm worried
about this lifestyle actually it's only
a problem if you stop to me if you start
working hard so I miss you it's like
good motivation
if you overspend a little it motivates
you to work harder simply feel like
that's what Richard told me he's like
God I feel like I haven't spent any
money I don't feel motivated to work I
should probably go spend some money oh I
like that idea
sometimes you need a little kick in the
butt like oh like I want this like I
just bought this I have to work harder
okay yeah it's good I mean I don't see
you ever stop working so I think you I
think you are okay to get used to this
life that's life that's nice today yes
this is nice I know it's worrying that
it's normal so we have to like try to
pinch each other and remind each other
how good we actually have it yes like a
kick in the nuts yeah a hard kick yeah
cassino the best parking in central
monaco if you don't want to go into
tight parking garages nice Bonjour
oh yeah
go up to the plan the plan is meeting
first
okay I'm gonna recognize how are you
looking for well no well no it's just
striking at the head everything we this
is Kellan from rebellion and guerrilla
you guys know that I had a special car
called the rebellion but that was like
the fake version of the real rebellion
because rebellion is actually a lmp1
racing team and I didn't know about the
name rebellion before I created my
rebellion
so rebellion has LMP race team and some
of the sickest watches in the world yes
so we have spent like three hours
discussing life in general and to be
focused in the same fashion yeah
Racing you're more beautiful yeah for
sure watch it yeah oh oh yes yeah look
at this smallest smallest or micro chain
in the world in link with our passion
and yeah we're talking about car with
John I'm very glad about this journey
that we passed together
and yes there's a lots lots lots of
subjects that we are in topics that we
are very very very uh yeah yeah exciting
times to come but it's just funny like
there's so many things that we do that
are you know randomly connected like
first I found the car and we ended up
calling the race or the cars the same I
mean what are the chances of that and
then I ended up looking at the livery of
the race car design because I love them
and then now looking at like I had some
plans for this year's camo and ended up
looking at your like they have this like
watch pattern we can show picture
oh yeah so yeah they have this pattern
of the watch and I loved and I'm like
but I can't just put a random watch in
there so we're trying to figure out if
we can find good things to do in the
future
together yes yeah definitely definitely
oh yes I ended with it's Marcus birthday
tomorrow
that's actually what the meeting is for
yes I know your birthday exactly
no actually it's today when this video
is up oh yeah
happy birthday Morgan okay yeah so we're
we're working on Christmas gifts them
yeah this birthday dude if we watch yeah
we were joking yesterday they would get
Marcus Richard mil but I think that
would be uh no more
Richard Miller hello what scusi yes
everybody out at your Mills yeah exactly
no more exclusive you know me I like
unique things yeah so yeah we got our
because I gotta go and do it some physio
now you have this year now yeah we had
three hours just run away and we kind of
forgot the film because you're so
inspired yeah it was a super productive
meeting yeah I'm super fun always really
really happy to to to to see you today
so am I always work when you can talk
about things in love exactly
that's on timers nice yeah like three
hours like this yeah but yeah we got a
run let's spin homie yeah listen you
know it's one of those days it is one of
those days where you have like a couple
things and then all the things end up
being so fun and interesting that you
end up running late cuz you spend more
time than you plan on yes
but yeah we made it home after that was
such an inspiring funny I loved it cuz
meetings when you can talk about passion
and not like boring details those are
the good meetings mmm because if the
passion and everything is there all the
rest is easy
but now we're gonna walk over to my
physio see what he thinks of my back
hey good see let's go hey we're back if
you
new things every time I just want to
show look we have Mr see all the people
on the vlog they think I'm a total idiot
who doesn't doing that I just go to
random indoor doctors I don't do
anything but look here's the MRI and I
really lucked
and there we go he's hooked yeah like
last time good
what is it here that makes me the
Dale are you working out if you want to
zoom in this disk here it's not supposed
to be out like this all your ID is in
there here eight point four millimeters
out all your discs are more or less
dehydrated you have the low back of
someone who didn't love the jumping I
think I did a lot of jumping yeah but
it's like every time I take care of
myself and stretch and do a bit of core
exercises it all stays away but
sometimes when you travel too much you
forget and that it's my problem that I
have to be more disciplined okay well I
signed up coming back here and you guys
have to talked about that less ice cream
more training yeah remind me okay oh is
it that time again oh the boxer thing
okay some in boxers half the time of
this ball like every single video blog
he's like I'm here in my boxers one not
before we have the sponsorship you I've
told you Marcus is working on getting me
a sponsorship deal for proposers yeah
because I'm always in my boxers
complaining about pain
it's weird because you don't make it
without a laser on the back you're
living when tomorrow a midday and coming
back
25th okay you send me a message tell me
how it goes absolutely yeah we're gonna
do some really good stuff tomorrow from
my back you guys will have to wait for
tomorrow to find out what we're doing
but I can say that I I'm super excited
we're probably doing the worst thing you
could possibly do for your back tomorrow
like probably the worst actually you
know put probably the most fun you could
ever do yeah who can figure out what we
are doing
that makes Marcus think of it as like
the best Prakriti birthday gift ever and
my back is gonna get broken and it's
really really awesome what are you doing
tomorrow excited to really come
super super all right I'll talk to you
tomorrow
so oh I was meaning very good dog
yeah yeah but everything keeps running
longer today than I expect
yeah like that's what I said I'm sorry
what happened to today what they were
suppose I sang me a morning what what
more did is it they go yeah we were
supposed to swim yeah what we wanted to
go swimming
thank you how is it dark let's do it
tomorrow morning or do we want to go
night swimming
no yes sure what you want I'd save it no
I want to eat burritos three girls I
thought you'd say ice cream I mean we're
out of ice cream good you ain't know I
know something can we make dinner
together yeah but do we have good
you took my magic like vegetable mix yes
how many boyfriend points ten this max
nine that's pretty good yeah yeah - I'm
gonna go collect nine boyfriend points
okay job yeah boyfriend points incoming
mm-hmm pretty so nice hmm should I taste
it oh yeah you should
what sesame seeds some cashew nuts Wow a
little bit of Parmesan and feta cheese
on top so that I get goods now this was
amazing yeah but I realized I wasn't
hungry when I was cooking so I haven't
suggested we go out to eat together
again did you only make her well I made
more so we can are you hungry yet all of
my hungry but I want to do something
tonight what do you want to do I want to
go to Netflix and search for Christian
babe I was hoping for that and what
every movie comes up we're gonna watch
it let's watch Batman with the plane
crash oh yes yes yes
yummy I can watch them don't be ahead
Batman Yanni stuck to this Norwegian ah
it's stupid
Scott I'm so
like it's stupid okay so first things
first and vlog pack up as we're leaving
tomorrow
oh sure big day tomorrow you guys don't
like tomorrow we're gonna end the mug
yeah okay bani adama' oh hey Bob and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
big double big day tomorrow so check in
double beta and I'm gonna do a comm show
