good morning good morning
what'd he do I've been cleaning all
morning my Yanni it took went for a
morning walk and I know she likes to
have everything clean so I figured I'd
surprise her be a good good boyfriend
get win boyfriend points yes so I didn't
uh look here it's like let's not open
this one cuz it's camera gear good do
that Wow now when I have new shirts I
have to have space to have it all well
I'm impressed
I'm trying to organize my life yes um no
organized yeah I made this one yeah yeah
but always the key to make a girlfriend
happy is to surprise her
it and make nice things okay so
hopefully we'll succeed on that end and
more importantly have you had any ice
creams today of course no of course of
course not okay
we gotta stop with the ice cream Marcus
because now my look my back
hey I want to take a moment to thank
someone okay hold on okay let me get
here right and actually so last time I
had back pain a dear vlog reader sent me
these I don't remember the name yet so
I'm so sorry but I just want to say a
million thank you because I've been on
these balls for the last couple days hmm
I look at my back so if you sent them
leave a comment below and say yeah it's
me
please let me know yes I really really
appreciate it cuz what I do with them is
I put him down and then you put him like
basically I know I've gotten a million
questions on advice on how to fix my
back but I do know my body pretty well
I've been an athlete for 15 years and I
don't do that random thing I mean people
seem to think I'm an idiot I'm not an
idiot okay we have done MRIs we have
spoken to good people and the back panel
I have now is just connected through
muscles cramping up which is a lack of
me stretching and taking care of my body
I'm flying too much yeah so when that
happens you have Oh pressure points so
you put these and then roll on your
mostly your glutes
quads and a bit on the back and this is
magic it is yeah it is magic if you're
sore this is like golden I was on these
for two hours yesterday and it's really
like magic so a million thanks yes but
now let's wait for Jana to get home and
see if we started the day right
Jonnie yeah surprise what come great
first of all do you notice anything on
the floor thanks clean it smells ah good
job right yeah oh yeah people said we
didn't kiss on the bog oh you want to
keep mmm wait let's make out see we read
everything people like well first of all
okay people wonder why Yanni
doesn't eat with us yeah because he
never cooks from me she's a vegetarian
so yeah I I always go to the kitchen
before you guys because they only have a
small space yeah so if we should cook a
bit more that we can share yeah so we
have more in common meat so yeah but we
read everything and I saw that people
said that we didn't make it or you
didn't kiss we usually eat together but
not the same food exactly yeah
but yeah we've been cleaning everything
spotless out here he's been cleaning I'm
I don't take credit for bikini you
shouldn't hanging out yeah move manager
did I get boyfriend points yes yes yeah
house everyone son scores some stuff I
mean this doesn't look too bad
it's just that it hurts like in the knee
like inside you're getting old yeah you
go
- fine it's hard look good
no we're okay good the lack of time that
we now from in the future will hopefully
have more yep
they should be start coming in real soon
yeah they should
what is that look at this Johnny
Oh me no it's for Yoon oh what a nice
package hi and I'm Victor and I'm a big
fan of yours
here's the tea a Christmas gift for the
team overkill Merry Christmas
Victor oh nice Thank You Victor let's
see yeah of course
thanks for me what it was my name on the
box
ah my riddle oh man you you should have
waited
no yeah okay no waiting time this side
up what
oh yah you are part of team overkill
what is it oh my God look at this look
at that
I'm guessing Oh chocolate I mean I've
seen the box like it's snowing stuff Wow
and this
oh no don't show me is it a copy it's a
coffee mug coffee mug lens
I've seen you in New York my candy I got
candy too hope I get candy I got I love
this one we were looking at coffee mugs
yesterday that was way cooler
oh my candy who's it from Victor this is
my new official coffee mug thanks a lot
Victor you're a boss good job early
Christmas and the boss so nice oh oh I
got the big mug the big mug of candy
candy okay try it yes
for sucking try it oh he made it himself
no way looks like it Oh think yeah I
think oh oh this is nice yeah Thank You
Victor thanks Victor a million thanks
now we're gonna just munch it we're
trying to be healthy but now we're gonna
munch in on this so thanks a bunch
I appreciate it what are you doing I got
the super nice letter from Easter yo you
met him yeah photo of us together it
can't be that long ago cuz it's a new
shirt so now I'm gonna find him on
Instagram and say thank you oh not God's
nut he's got his Instagram tag on there
I'm telling him thanks a million and
check out tomorrow's vlog
and here we are alone without with help
Marcus because Marcus has a birthday in
two days and we have yet to figure out
what to give Marcus of course we can't
really film if we find something but
that's sort of the plan we're gonna go
and Chris Michele for Marcus but if we
don't find anything please leave a
comment below to help us out if you have
any ideas no that's not good this marks
me telecon yeah but there's enough
comments you guys are big of enough
following we're not see all of them so
maybe we'll get some tip but yeah we're
taking a little stroll here around
Monaco let me show you
we have white little trees everywhere I
just took some photos with Yanni in the
red sled and we have Christmas music uh
maybe Richard mil we can go buy a
birthday gift there you know he's gonna
edit this and I was getting high
expectations Marcus we're not getting
you a richard milk but yeah it's nice to
walk around we're really working on our
normal couple skills yeah you know going
to the shopping mall Struzan around yeah
it's nice so yeah we're gonna keep
walking see what we find
but don't forget to leave a comment and
help us out or I'm shaking
why not very stable no I'm just not
stable well well help us out if you have
ideas we need all the ideas that we can
come by
it looks like a pen pimp daddy today
yeah looking good with its car I stole
you a nice car
because you're freezing and now I'm
freezing but I will do anything for you
you can get have it I just want to feel
cool first okay and we're done we're not
down trying to shop we have a couple
ideas but it stopped yeah when I found
something yeah you know Yanni went to
shop for Markus ended up by stuff well I
guess it's a group thing but yeah it was
four months and we can walk can you walk
and hold it uh yeah but it's gonna be
shaky again I forgot to eat I don't know
how you can forget to eat if we find a
person to join the team that person will
be food responsible I look forward to
the day where our YouTube channel is so
good and big that I can buy Marcus a
Rolls Royce for his birthday
come let's continue the Monaco tour
right here actually like out here
they're gonna build an island and I
think that's what they're kind of
working on I think they said it like
four or five years really they're gonna
they're gonna expand Monaco out in the
ocean so my sunset so every time I see
one of these things I wonder if they're
getting started yeah pride just
preparing the bottom hmm random
yeah we should ask them and we can swim
out because that is not your regular
Monaco boat
we love Monaco by the way if we haven't
mentioned that
shotgun he's on the other side of
Montecarlo Bay and it's closed throat so
we're gonna go three in the car over
there
we should I walk no no no not go it's
okay now how are we gonna fit Marcus is
too tall no no not come come on no
problem right it's hard okay
no I Drive slowly okay no problem are
you hiding hiding I mean there's not too
much space to hide no it's no problem
lamb bone monocle plates you can usually
get away with it and see if we seem
Moody
very moody the Ferrari okay see you at
the restaurant
yes
it's like it's like my god like what
it's like spitting out flames I'm like
$20 an hour
darkus should be trying racing yes it's
raising let's race him I'm gonna try
number take you 180 horsepower versus
what is that okay let's do it
we can't oh gosh yeah come on oh my god
and if the police of Monaco view the
vlog the day after no jobs no handcuffs
you got it you got it you got it
no not in this car you like this out
it's like farting yes it smells like
fuel
oh god bless there's always police right
about here Oh what do you finish oh my
god the car in front of him is like you
 his pants right now
oh my god
very nice got a very nice crowd we go I
want to floor that car like on mountain
roads I want to take risks in it you
know what I want to drift it oh you
wanna Justin yeah I want everyone to
smell the fuel go go go
no frost go no Street go because you've
really got me lost like Nemo oh wait or
Yun come come come hey the Jeep park
there so I know all that was look every
time I'm in recess car really that's
what the valet will say but they say I
shouldn't you yeah so maybe we shouldn't
block the princess car all the people to
walk in okay when we're sure maybe like
here just wow it was screaming the whole
way like I want to do the car I want to
go mine Connie it's like the first time
that I have the windows down in the
tunnel I look or it's really loud it is
your ear like for five seconds after
your ears like yeah let's go eat that
was fun
I woke up now not hire anymore my god
you know I haven't felt that good in a
while
thank you thank you
bag come on where the bank okay
I'm on honey so look I'm not into this
kind of stuff I don't swing that way you
know what I mean yeah you look so pretty
I know let's see turns against oh
there's gonna be like 500,000 people
watching this okay below if you like
Moody's oh yeah the car let's say you
want to come with me yes yes yes Marcus
where you going alright with them yeah
you ready yes am i driving this course
is related are you serious kind of
friend would I be fighting told you to
sit here am i driving this let's drift
let's trick now I have to behave I have
today
yeah you do do you want the camera or me
oh yeah I can crank into it for the get
some reactions get moody's mutti mutti
reaction yeah it's nice and mellow right
yeah it's very easy to drive and then it
just comes to life in tunnels and when
you downshift
my god I miss this yeah we used to run
around Monaco in moody's McLaren we had
a Superleggera that was very similar to
this but this is one hell of an upgrade
yeah
the worst is a heat sealing month my ass
is oh yeah you don't like it how
beautiful is Monaco at night you weren't
expecting that were you it's like my gut
got sucked out of me what'd you say I
said let's wake up the whole
neighborhood
really yeah
oh yes no yes yes yes it was the rum oh
my god party time barking time live I'll
just lay low and stay in my house well I
still have to use the car that's all
human okay like is there a silent mode
so that the cops don't hear us going
into the parking grande battery yeah yes
perfect
you're coming out of battery we did what
a good way to end of the day by the way
yeah it was nice to get out yeah it's
really we're really working a little
normal thing I mean we'll never be
normal but like going out to restaurants
with friends and having fun working on
the normal huh yeah that's what life is
all about so now we had enough fun with
it so or info ha ha
all that well CC airs tomorrow bonne
nuit pony pony money I'm sorry yeah
higher yeah like hum that means good
night later autumn up shut
