good morning there we go good morning
today is not a regular vlog today is a
special vlog because we have realized
that this vlog could make all the future
vlogs different let's hope so
yeah we are expanding team overkill and
that is what this video is about yeah
this whole video is about finding a
third member for team overkill so if you
want to travel the world and do fun
stuff then you should pay close
attention what if we start with a bit of
background of the whole channel hmm cuz
I mean I initially felt that I wanted to
make video blogs and then I thought
about making like one vlog a week and
like mostly skiing and then I got in
contact with Markus and we did a vlog
and then we did like 250 more vlogs and
the whole project was a bit bigger than
we initially probably both of us had
thought yeah and the channel blew up
much quicker than we probably could ever
have expected so in the last like yeah
200 days we have barely had time to eat
because if we're not out doing things we
are on the computer working editing and
basically we feel that there's so much
more we can do with this channel if we
had more time yeah so that is why we are
looking for
I guess primarily an editor yeah to
thank that if we could free up more time
from you we can work more alike ideas I
need some stuff yeah concepts and so we
want to find like a Marcus 2.0 and I
guess yeah I guess it's an editor that
can also film um edit photos um and that
well basically think of Marcus and if
you feel like you're like Marcus you're
right for the job cuz then you can but
it's not a replacement of me I'm not
going anywhere no exactly no it's just a
2.0 so that we have time to figure out
like what can we do to make the channel
better how can we make better videos
yeah cuz I mean that's what drives us we
want to travel the world and shoot the
coolest stuff possible so we are gonna
put a lot of the description on what you
need
do in touch so you can check that out
but probably the most important thing
with the person that we're looking for I
still have a Marcus to please most of
all we're looking for someone that's fun
to hang out with
we need a new friend like we didn't know
each other six months ago and now we've
hung out 24/7 for eight months seven
months and however long 240 something
yeah and you're not tired of me no
that's good that's what we need we need
someone that's easy going fun someone
good to be around yeah and I mean of
course this job has a lot of special
requirements we even wrote down a few of
them yeah we have some of them cuz our
memories not that good so if you're a
good memory that will help you a lot so
what's the first requirement the first
requirement is you got to be able to
hike up mountains yeah and like climb
down when it's completely dark and
basically not be worried about this
hmm
and then second one you've got to be
able to jump off a boat going full-speed
like you did in the Monaco Grand Prix
yeah like me and Oscar two jumping off
the boat you got it just basically be a
fun person that doesn't care okay so
every Grand Prix you have to finish by
jumping off the shuttle boat the
grandiose Scot
you've got to be able to sleep in the
backseat of a car for eight hours that
is true because a lot of the time when
we travel we kind of set tight travel
plans and it's usually leads to like
asleep and like a time so yeah you got
to be able to just crash whenever you
can crash just like Marcus can do you're
gonna jump on the backseat and sleep yes
is it comfortable in there time will
tell all right well sleep well thanks
good night bye-bye
hello markers time to wake up
markers makuu's how was your nap no I'm
Hank it I think team overkill is trying
to kill itself team over um one thing we
realized in Bali that are in Lombok that
we need is for whoever comes in to be
able to jump good high cliff with good
style
coz when my back is broken
someone has to jump and Marcus he was
not happy with the style so you're
enough happy with the style either no I
thought we loved about it yeah but yeah
like that things like that will help I
mean it's not a requirement but it's
nice if you're a good driver so that I
can say hey here's the Lambo
can you please floor it for the camera
full through first second third wait
what so really tough requirements for
this job
oh yeah like sometimes when me and
Marcus are either tired or working and
stuff sometimes you got to like be able
to hang out with Yanni and like take
care of all her girlfriends
Oh
so yeah that's a tough one
oh yeah I have one special requirement
or more like a non requirement you
cannot be an ice cream attic because we
don't need another maximal and addict on
the team so healthy eating will help my
life is complete very important for me
that whoever comes along to know the
coffee thing no no okay if you drink
coffee that's a point but that was not
my point I think the reason why we get
along so well is because in the past I
hung out with a lot of people who after
a while kind of like started taking it
for granted that I would pay for the
most fancy things and do all the most
luxuries and all this and I can
instantly feel if a person's like oh
yeah we got you and he can pay for
things so being very humble and
down-to-earth about finances will help
blood-like more like we were flying to
Bali and I went to the check-in desk and
I'm like hey can we upgrade our flights
no like okay let me check for the price
Jonnie and Markus are next to me and
finally I like okay um it's a thousand
euro per upgrade and I'm like alright
let's do it and both Marcus and Yanni
was like no like what are you doing
you're like yeah let's have three yeah
we're like no come on and I think it's
do that it's the first two people ever
in this to the world to scream no I
guess the people at the check-in disc
must have wondered yeah what is wrong
with these people
yeah but that attitude like when you are
like that it makes me want to be
generous but if you try to make me
upgrade you you will be like flying
Ryanair for the rest of this program
yeah no actually you probably fired
right away so yeah well I think it's
important not to like try to take
advantage of the position you're in
yeah to like oh no I can get cool stuff
and do cool things like just be grateful
and happy that you can travel the world
and have fun like it's not about
business or economy or driving cool cars
or eating fancy restaurants it's it's
more than that like yeah and that's why
we get along so well
okay maybe we should get some of the
more serious stuff do we have any non
serious yeah I like I guess I mean this
job is so much about being a part of
who we are what we do and having fun and
then of course it's the technical things
but have we covered like the yeah so you
get the point we're looking for a buddy
not just a machine that can edit so if
we get down to the more technical things
like more specifics on what we mostly
need help with ninja in Premiere Pro
yeah you need to be as good on as fast
as Markus on editing you don't need to
be as fast cuz I don't think you can be
but you could challenge yeah if you can
edit faster than Marcus I will be highly
impressed so yeah requirement one
editing mega skills yeah yeah and
preferably also a bit of knowledge in
sound design and After Effects yeah I
think one thing we can do a little
better is sound but yeah again time is
not sufficient yeah so yeah sound is
good if you are experienced with that
After Effects with a bit of graphics
yeah not a mega requirement but yeah it
could help increase the quality and then
you got to be a champion in front of the
camera yeah we I mean like gotta be in
the vlog so yeah yeah you're gonna be a
third third member of the team and you
north
Yanni's yeah yeah yeah so then I mean I
love to grab the camera
Marcus grabs the camera yanli grabs the
camera so it'll be important that you're
you know good in front of the camera
of course you get better with time but
you can always tell right away if a
person likes the camera or not yeah
third and I think this is probably the
most important this you've got to be
hard-working it's 24/7 365 every single
day yeah and if we know if we don't edit
we book flights look at schedules look
at ideas concepts taking photos like
it's a full-time job yeah and if we do
take one day off it's double the work
the next day yeah so yeah you gotta like
I mean the fact that I think that's why
we get along so well that you know not
once in is it 240 how many days are we
at now in 243 days not once is Marcus
said can we skip a day so we need we
need a third person with that mentality
we probably we aren't looking for a
party animal
party animal would maybe last the pace
that we have for three days maybe so
yeah no party animals yeah I mean we're
mostly looking for an editor to help
take time off Marcus so we can plan more
things but of course being able to film
is of course much better than not being
able to fill but yeah even if you can't
film it's not a deal breaker but it
helps for sure the same thing with you
know photography if you're a good
photographer that helps a lot as well as
editing photos because if you can edit
photos it means that you kind of get
color grading and yeah the look and all
that so photography and everything else
will place in I would say and also now
that Marcus is aiming to be the next big
Instagram model we need more photos
thanks for the hundred and three or one
hundred and four K um I forgot one thing
unlike the general requirements a lot of
people when they have to get up at five
they're grumpy we need people that can
wake up with a smile every single day
and just be like it's five then I slept
two hours but hey let's do it yeah and I
think that's important yeah hard-working
yeah I'm positive
ever positive I mean you see us like
everyone thinks that we fight a lot that
we don't show it on camera but how do
you mean fight no but I think it would
be normal for someone that hangs out
every day to fight Ed Wood um I would
say one thing that I want to say is that
we truly encourage girls to apply for
this because it would probably be more
fun for yani to have a girlfriend to
hang out with instead of more boys
because we're always boisterous yeah so
if they're good there are good girls out
there that would that be sick yeah we're
open for both but of course we want you
girls to apply as well because I think
that would be great for the dynamic of
the group but in the end that's going to
come down to who will be the best for
the job yeah I know one thing that's a
huge plus if it's one thing we don't
like about making daily vlogs it's
coming up with thumbnails and titles
every day it's the struggle and we hate
it so if you're creative and you're
you're good with well I guess creativity
in general yeah thumbnails that kind of
stuff like that
that would be really sweet to get some
help on that yeah the way we work is
that everybody does a little bit of
everything like if I'm doing a ton of
emails Marcus might book a ticket if
we're going somewhere and if Marcus is
editing I'll book a ticket so getting
some help with organization it's good
yeah it's more like be a part of the
team than just hey I'm editor I add it
and that's my job it's like we we want
to friend someone we can hang out with
someone that can edit of course but be a
part of the team yeah I guess the whole
thing we are looking for an awesome new
friend that can edit yeah if you want to
like travel the world film monkeys in
the jungle jump off waterfalls right
Lambos jet skis jet skis hang out Monaco
cheer in the Formula One yeah just
randomly surfing if you surf that's a
plus so I hope that there's you know a
few a guy you guys out there that can
help us and I hope the rest of you on
there I think it's a good idea because I
think this can really bring up the
quality of this these vlogs oh yeah yeah
I almost forgot a couple things payment
I guess a lot of people applying is
gonna wonder how will this be paid and
we have discussed and we we will do the
same thing as we did with Marcus I hired
Marcus on the basis of I will pay
everything for you and that was the
initial deal then I realized that Marcus
were so valuable that that didn't make
any sense at all so then we worked out a
percentage of the total income of
everything we do with the channel so the
general idea is that you come along with
us and you'll have everything for free
everything paid so you basically travel
the world for free yeah yeah and also
what is good with doing what we do is
that if you do it well you do it in
front of half a million people so it's a
great stepping stone for anything you
want to do in the future a big
opportunity yeah yeah like curlew used
to fill me back in the day has a big
production companies with I don't know
how many red yeah Oscar he's shooting
international Lexus commercials killing
it yeah Marcus is like an international
Instagram model no no but I'm pretty
sure the Marcus could get any job you
wanted
actually no I don't think he'd get a job
anywhere he should probably seek to what
he does I mean if you if we feel that
you contribute with so much that you're
in value invaluable
of course we'll figure out a payment
away a payment yeah but we want to start
out with everything for free and it's a
pretty good deal it's like travel the
world no expenses you get to show your
work for half a million people every
single day yeah and if you do a good job
and bring value to the team you got to
be compensated for that of course but
like that's the deal yeah and that also
ties into the next thing that we almost
forgot we are looking for someone from
Europe because we can't fit another
person in the monocle apartment so when
we come to monocle whoever will be hired
will then fly back home for a few days
because when we travel it's easy to get
another hotel room and all this but most
days here in Monaco I mean some days
whoever will be hired is going to come
with us
because we have friends in Monaco but we
have to be able to easily fly the person
home yeah and it's not gonna be 100%
every single day like I'm gonna add it a
couple of vlogs here and there you're
gonna add it when I go home it's it's
not every single day that it's most of
the trips yeah and maybe Monaco and
Marbella we do a couple yeah and also I
mean of course there's there's
possibilities like hey if you have a
wedding or whatever like we're easy
flexible when it comes to that so you
don't need to be where if you start
asking for if you work for three days
and then ask for a week off you're
probably not the guy for the job but
Marcus worked for like 150 days and then
I'm like I might have a wedding like
that I might have no - I didn't go
through it though no you didn't yeah
where are you from yes
um how do you apply oh yeah so um
considering the fact that I'm guessing
that we were gonna get a million emails
I would kindly ask everyone that if you
don't meet these requirements it'd be
really good if you don't send us an
email because we are going to have
probably 500 emails to go through so if
you want to apply like make sure that
you fit the requirements exactly that
will help us a lot so in the link in the
description it's a link
to my blog where we're gonna list
everything that we need in order to sort
of look through our options so check out
the link in the description and then
make sure to follow those instructions
100% because that makes it easier for us
yeah it's simple it's yeah do the point
like I didn't do it when I applied but
don't like this you got it anyway don't
listen to me and listen to me yeah do
what what it said and then we will check
it out and we will get back to everyone
that we are interested in and no DMS no
DMS only through the link in the
description system I hope that's okay
it's just for us to try to manage our
time since time is what we're doing this
for yes so but that said we're excited
to see what comes in there's no stress
you can take a day or two in order to
look through everything and make sure
you get everything right so I'm so
excited with this guy or a girl like
yeah I I see myself in their position
like like I was get the call in February
you're in I'll pick you up a nice at the
airport in the Lambo oh yeah get to draw
it oh yeah here's the red camera yeah
super excited for the next step with the
channel yeah so now it's time to go and
make even better edits and make this
vlog even better we always want to do
better
yep but sometimes we have not enough
time and we kind of forget about how to
build concepts and ideas that's what
we're gonna change yes so now we made a
video that was way too long way too long
so I hope you guys enjoyed we'll be back
tomorrow with a full day normal vlog for
everyone that's not a filmer oh yeah
wait wait wait I almost forgot one thing
what if you have friends they're out
there yes that you think might be the
one make sure to LIKE share the video
comment and like and all this stuff
because we've realized that when you do
that that spreads the video yeah so
share it to everyone you know anyone who
want to join team or kill perfecto
so ciao you got to be able to say ciao
to so child from Monaco we'll see you
guys soon bye looking forward to it
you
