prove all doors in park if you're
wanting how's the back my back has seen
its better days but I have yet to get up
on this light so I'm not sure how it
feels okay how do you feel now
good good did you sleep like Jesus hello
Europe I guess flip-flop mode is over
don't forget anything
no today we're bringing the bag
yesterday we did not like that imagine
like grabbing for your bag now and it
isn't that panic attack panic attack
times 14 then I would walk out jump into
a spinning jet turbine engine I feel
actually better than I expect good we
have a tough decision to do senator or
and then we go to business not because
it's that way okay oh it's there free
food yes
yeah
don't let you go keep it down
thank you you think I can make it all
the way to Monaco with flippity floppity
yeah of course okay charleen chicks up I
know what you were thinking who's
thinking oh maybe you should approach
redbull and say look I have a business
idea for you you can develop my dragon
eye drops and also like powder like so
you can snake know that that sounds a
bit weird right
did you look like a coke addict no but
it's Randall Randall Alex you are Oh or
they have in the corner of my eye
how well-spotted was that very well we
just walked by and I saw the shade of
sugar-free now haven't had a sugar-free
since like Monaco whoever thinks that
Red Bulls pink for us to say this is
wrong yeah
even if red but we'll dumped me tomorrow
and they'll say the same thing and buy
the same drink let me leave let me take
that back if they do dumb now they have
no reason to baby
totally ignore that
hold on Vinnie
finito finito but I say we spend the
knees here as we've seen enough life
lately
we got it all we got it all not named
Oscar vemos are you gonna take mine of
course
two seconds let me first promote this
hookup suit we can so branded content on
the log okay sorry
then talk to uni yes your order another
um try if it's close by then yes um I
don't think it's far away I just have my
endo phone number
okay so taxi okay thank you
honored reliable I thank you so much I
have to say that besides the failure and
upgrading and forgetting the red on the
plane it was a pretty good trip it was
like I can't believe we I love you a lot
and I was the one that reminded you and
if I didn't
there would be no red we'd have a big
big big big big problem yes but luckily
very good team
package for us Yami hey young and Bill's
for you yeah I get the bells it is as
usual in Monaco you did it I did it
congratulations
Bali we have onion garlic and ginger
okay anymore so we need everything yeah
can I borrow your flip-flops by the way
of course little more if you want to
keep rocking the boat float
thank you you're rocking it thanks
Shambhala now let's go Donny do you want
to send us a list with like a hundred
different weird things yeah okay you
have a maximum of five things you can
send on a list to keep for buying pasta
ah find a good posture here what's good
posture well this is always a safe bet
cuz you wish I like that around you're
making something good with that yeah cuz
they're shaped in a way where you get to
saw stuck on the pasta that's important
I mean I like the fresh pasta like this
but it doesn't stick the sauce doesn't
stick carbonara
we're gonna go home and make the best
carbonara the world's ever seen yes
let's do it
so excited
there we go
flares come on I'm testing flares on the
Sony now pasta bolognese nope pasta
carbonara toss and no cus pasta
carbonara
we continue where we left off yesterday
with team retard being in full speed
getting the shot actually dog is really
fun when you're really tired yes hello I
found all your stuff made alright time
to make one kick-ass pasta carbonara
they brought up nice I think I think
it's gonna be really really really good
me to grab a bite and let everyone know
how this yeah
selfie bite yes yes I'm claiming winning
that was up good job
alright now let's eat Marcus I heard
some snoring from over there yeah that I
was like yes I was not the first one to
fall asleep I was Nabi all over that
chick Marcus is not our vedecci where is
it
come on you can do it where are we how
do you say good night I'll see you
tomorrow
oh right yes it was right I'm impressed
thank you but before we say goodnight we
have an announcement of the winner of
the Chandra and mercy what contest lucky
guy but I gotta grab my phone can you
old Jenny okay are you ready for it
yes the winner of the Chandra stay and
two nights on the Mersey is Oscar Bay
Mar yes alright I'll scare you're gonna
the best trip yeah yeah he's a lucky guy
the only thing that could happen is that
you get as tired as Marcus when you fly
back yes
but yeah but that said I think we should
call it a night because we should sleep
yes shitzu vulnera other MA a level up
I'm gonna go yeah
