good morning tea good morning hello
restaurants everyone that is not killing
it today
hold on we are so far from being team
killing it right now
I was not able to sit by the table and
have breakfast I had to lay down here
and yoni was kind enough to bring the
breakfast here limping over me now the
lens is flying up okay nice there we go
yeah so that's how we feel today that is
the breaking news of the morning from
the eight o'clock morning here so um
let's do this oh yeah let's do it yeah
let me film you putting that on Pease
don't share the experience with the
world I can't hire a new film or tonight
lay down on film
you have to keep it hurts like hell
that's why I don't play my is wrong you
were so strong in the sausage yeah but
uh ah you're gonna wake everyone up
think of something nice
do I lay on this side of the couch or on
that side stale stale ah okay
how's it goin Marcus not very well ever
positive seem not killing it
yes well we're gonna try to be right
back once we formulate the plan plan is
that we should fly to Dubai tonight but
now the people that are supposed to book
our tickets have not emailed us yeah so
either we find a monocle tonight or
Dubai we don't know yet and that is now
12 hours away but uh are we matching
today that we are matching flippity-flop
nice ah we're gonna go try to see if we
find a healer to heal me a healer I've
heard of this guy who's supposed to be a
magician and if I'm gonna sit on a
flight today that'd be really good at
he's a magician okay let's check it out
yeah this is gonna take a while
well at least we're both slow one for
all and all for one
yes the team teams very design
Marcus is such a team player that he saw
that me and Yanni crashed so he just
crashed his bike to like make sure that
we're a little bit all on the same page
yes
all evening center yeah he was not 100%
sure yeah assistants burger he was
doctors know that the pin was correct he
said they go there and then if we can
see it then ask local excuse me
Bali Healing Center Bali healing healing
center
hello hello 5-pack seekers healing in
there
Oh mixed okay thank you
let's go check it out hello hello
get out come on hello like chickens and
stuff
hello hello yeah I a big big problem in
patrol tomorrow today no no no possible
today are we we fly we leave Bali today
today no no no work today don't know
what we see okay thank you
can we go out there yes thank you what
we doing off what we do now I don't know
go to the local bar and get the whiskey
okay I mean I'm in for two no I don't
know now I don't have a solution I
thought you had an appointment no other
they said it's impossible to make an
appointment with this guy so yeah
mission failed hey I'm okay how are you
very well thank you
we are so far everything is great except
for the body but there's just a small
part of life yeah oh ah see if we can
find them a massage at least okay you
want a massage
no thank you we got the massage hmm yes
let's hope that that will cure
everything
yeah we know one thing it can't get any
worse and like I don't mind being like
broken cuz I can still work but when you
know you have a 24 hour flight ahead of
you even the ever pasta to mr. Olson
realizes that that is kind of shitty you
need a buck sure a sponsorship showing a
rupture in every single vlog I do hooked
me up yes
eunbong young Borg we're yeah yeah I'm
the boxer men yes unless the longest is
a broker so while you're having a
massage I'm editing the vlog yeah well
we got too much to a guy in massage yeah
night we saw that you wanted a massage
but says you don't I'm going
you
eleven needles you ah hey needles dude
I'm scared of them
you got eleven in you I don't want to
see it they're done I'm done I'm gonna
see see now it's the moment of truth
when you get out to see how it feels
okay but I have total faith that it's
better okay
thanks Ross come on
it's much much better yeah still no
jumping and running
oh but yeah I feel a lot better yeah
exactly many time
no but that's gonna help me to fly a lot
thank you so much I can highly recommend
to get a massage from two therapists
that was very very good
luxury yeah I've never tried that before
to be honest hey ready I am ready so
ready to go where no all right question
Monica I think so so far we're going to
Monaco unless we get an email on the way
to the airport
okay this for some reason the Dubai guys
like just didn't send us the ticket
really straight come on
but I mean come on are gone and Lambos
not that bad either
bye bye
thank you bye ready I'm ready
blind for 24 hours no it's 99 no 20 is
it yes like 20 hot yeah I'm ready
rocking the Shangri flip-flops of course
we do what happened to the people I I am
crazy
you updated okay yeah and I left my
board here in Bali that way I have to
come back
oh not nice so that means I flew all the
way here and didn't have to pay for
boards happy that I can walk around and
not be like completely destroyed so we
can still get an email to say that we
are going to Dubai but in like five
minutes
five minutes that window closes actually
we should mention um hundred K on
Instagram yes but now we have to find a
new place to skydive yes we do you're
not getting away
arms on know how to eat a hamburger take
away with one hand when you relate made
up of a block thank you very much come
on
expand on it what's going on just Kabir
I was kidding like mother what if they
text us now and tell us that we have
tickets from here the divider coolest
first and I open my own specialized is
the booking and the flight tickets I'm
just
so we are sitting back here we're
sitting on 54 and we just got confirmed
first-class tickets to divide like 20
minutes too late so we're sitting so fit
on the row lines used yep and evacuation
so now we're trying to get them to
rebook them from Singapore yeah but I'd
like my guess and prior to using this oh
yeah that's a problem they don't take
you that's okay not why should I email
as this will go down well there's
someone left in the plane yes I want to
stay I decided to stay
excuse me can you fly me to Miami please
thank you Marcus valor private airplane
yes
is it nice that's big enough yeah I like
to tear at 54g you have too many seats
in your private pilot should have less
but bigger
yes and I'm too tired so I'm to fund
another vlog so you have to stop filming
please excuse me this guy's filming me
it's so good okay so everybody left like
five minutes ago
you should go Marcus unless you want to
get on the return flight back to Bali
yes please
how nice would it be to fly alone like
this so nice
wait who is this
it is me Marcus Tarson Villa I was the
editing station going here in Singapore
it's really nice this is actually really
smart because I can transport myself and
work at the same time oh blogging
vlogging when you are really tired I
should probably sleep and not be in
front of the camera how many minutes
late and nine nine yes but I hope that
shows our commitment when you refuse to
get off the plane because you are trying
to upload yeah I think that's pretty
good
can't hold much more than that do we
know where we're going by the way others
Yanni hello Jana hello Yanni
only if you're really tired you can
understand me Marcus at this point um
yeah okay
okay thank you very much
I got your back I am above thank you so
much
can you take it this okay thank you
thank you so much guys
have a good day huh today we say thank
you to sing to Lufthansa for holding a
qat well they cut our bad back keep open
a create it yeah just for you us let's
say us okay but we've always said that
it's best to be on last on a flight
every day I can promise you robust
you
