Oh
how is the backseat I've been on my back
in the backseat because oh you're back
kind of hurts yeah but when I'm laying
down it's okay and I didn't want to be
left alone at the house and now we're
gonna hike
oh yeah but I think hiking and walking
is fine okay just sitting in a bumpy
road that's not ideal but now we're in
the jungle and it looks really cool yeah
I love it
we're gonna go find waterfalls oh yeah
we have the Mavic do we have the drone
with us right yeah and about like
perfect and red cameras and everything
Chris that's better now this is jungle
it is I want my garden to look like this
jungle a villa coastal yeah oh yeah
movie recommendation cars on this is
Tarson person the new one whoreson the
new one awesome movie I really like this
and the jungle book ah no I didn't like
that
I love that I didn't get past the intro
yeah I loved it though I mean I was
really hoping that I liked it because I
love jungle pitar have you guys seen
Tarson yeah yeah good guys seen the new
jungle book yeah
I love it I love them better be nice
yeah I told you I didn't get past that
intro like everything is in the journals
yang is like outside you know and it's
so cool cuz it's like it brings back
memories yeah from your morning so sure
well I should try to get past the intro
yes okay fly it back
I'm trying it okay funny out waterfalls
can be so intriguing I have one
Instagram thing I want to do I want to
stand by the waterfall and then shoot
the waterfall going up again like
reverse speed I saw one of those little
bit really cool any other place in the
world this would be a hundred tourists
right now there is zero
you
I think the girl yeah we are full
production team today how many cameras
do you think we have we have two drones
two Reds and like four or five other
camera nice how is that wonderful I mean
you saw what it looked like you know it
was like the fact you can come here and
there's not a million people it's just
sick yeah
really Gold best waterfall I've ever
seen in my life but now we're going to
go look at waterfall number two
hopefully it's even better I don't know
how it could be but I love the jump
but this data let's cut on yeah good boy
never seen this before you can see ah oh
oh choose that know what the clean
coming up very nice yes I move sometimes
I look at people come here to take this
cuttin yes sometimes the local people is
the for the week the fuel oh no it's
often the like the mattress yeah that is
so cool yeah I seen the cotton look at
up in the trees it's cotton tree that's
why we have to learn how to climb till
these wow what they're like palm goes up
there let's cotton tree this is crazy
Lisa said she wanted banana trees at
home I bring this at all
yeah we just do it chickens you need you
to chickens to Sweden repeats prime
example palm tree B yes banana tree
banana tree yes I'm so set so it's this
place is like bad for me
okay on the way back we take some photos
honest yeah not so belly yeah hungry yes
now go get the banana there's a monkey
behind you no they're pretty stiff Oh
keep doing it when it said right okay no
bananas to this that's like Mexican food
Oh Mexican candy yeah but does it hurt
for you as well
no it's good no problem no problem
yeah always when you can barefoot that
will be if we are hiring it the third
person to the team that'd be the first
test can you hike barefoot yeah and then
nice little bridge I like barefoot
it makes hiking feel more like well less
like normal tourists yep
kind of annoying that they put like
rocks in the stairs like what's the
point
it's like make regular stairs grips for
people without with truth how's it going
then yeah it's all right
is it hurt pretty big it's hurting right
yeah haha welcome to the barefoot crew
coffee all sorts of plants and stuff
that's coffee okay grab some young
cotton and coffee and bananas I like
this place yeah this is our type of
jungle Oh
they're really putting our barefoot crew
to test here they are moving these
little rods are not ideal
no only
oh look at
it's at that time happening oh don't
land on the stone all right totally
doable so now it's Markus turn to be the
stuntman of today so I can keep getting
better in my back again ready Marcus
you
you
the red master hello
I love it the commitment climbing down
and just like walk around and they're
ever in the river with a red hey like
you know when you're at a TV production
they're like oh no we can't do that with
the camera if you have a camera that
you're not willing to use in the way you
should use things it's just metal it's
metal yes I will climb the mountain with
this thing because we want to get the
shot but what is cool though it was way
cooler than jumping this small cliff
let's go home yeah I think we're running
a little late
yeah cuz we've been shooting too much
yeah oh baby monkey baby monkey hello
our monkey Oh mani market we need to
find B'Elanna well I think we should go
okay we keep seeing - bye bye monkeys by
bar monkeys yup we are in the jungle
have you ever seen a spider that Bank
like look on my hand as I run it closer
no gonna be insane
come on touch it you can touch it -
spider come on
it's my kill me is it deadly if crew
touch the web where's the buzz not
deadly oh that is by far the biggest
fighter I've ever seen nice that is ten
times bigger than any spiders
and we are back home again
the ball team had to while the rest of
the group stayed for dinner but we had
to go back home because we have to point
to terabyte of footage today yeah you
shoot so much beetle I just like
shooting so yeah we figure that we
should go home and edit this thing so I
hope you guys liked it we had a pretty
amazing time yeah at the waterfalls
because waterfalls are awesome super fun
super super fun but now it's time to get
to editing so we will see you guys
tomorrow we are off to Bali tomorrow
nice yeah change your location so uh
some firebot and good night from Lamacq
chop it sorry always they gotta do that
