good one good mornings starting the day
off with pizza
well chiropractor cuz turns out my back
Bush like as bad as backs cat yeah like
right now I almost can't walk no so
we're gonna see what we can do about
that I hope your magician shit I am
stopped got hair on the back oh there's
your car
the he listened yes I may be coming here
no back in yeah yeah no barking oh no
good know about really bad hey I can
barely put my socks on baby me but it's
not the same pain that I had when I
injured my back I've always had kind of
a sore lower back cuz I've jumped for so
many years yeah and this feels the same
but it's probably the worst I've had it
oh yeah I can see that very good feeling
you up hit up here yeah man oh my good
I thought we were done talking about the
back in the vlog when you can't walk we
have to talk about it maybe you're too
much sore pink yeah a little bit yeah
very bad feeling yes very bad okay good
luck Jim thank you I'm gonna go eat
pancakes
yeah that's bright better you want some
yeah in a bit
I want my back to be good first okay see
you soon see you soon
one yeah I heard you screaming what's
going on yeah
I've we're still friends but it did all
these special takes to the hands and
feet and I've been screaming like a
little pig
yeah I'm pretty messed up just okay safe
to say big problem yeah big you need to
rest
Gary a long time and problem Han so yeah
like we let go another day yeah I think
I need maybe sleep for four days yeah
so you need to stay happy man
I'm stay like this yes I'll bring you
food and water but we should you should
show Marcus when you do oh no this one
yeah oh I don't want to scream no it was
the there's a nerve in here yeah it
feels like you're shooting ten thousand
watts in your arm as soon as you push
it's good yeah so we walk around like
this today
yeah nice no problem yeah we go surfing
you working no problem
like we found a solution but we need to
try one time here with the Marcus oh
yeah okay bye-bye
you have to at least feel what I've been
I've been screaming up here cover
you have to try Marquez and maybe Shawn
that maybe we start with the foot with
the foot there oh yes I've been doing
this for half an hour I'm not no bad no
pain
yeah nice here no no no baby no what was
all the fuss about no like this okay
no no yeah nice good for you Marcus yeah
I'm happy that you're young and healthy
thank you so much yeah it feels much
much better if you won't have a pleasant
smooth it's not just like a mom papa
thank you very much you want
thank you so much thank you life's in
yeah but I wasn't sure whether I should
say thank you or punch him in the face
but I felt that I needed to do whatever
whatever he said I needed um I was
willing to put up for what's going on
but like lightning structure in the
house like in my head like we all jumped
oh my god wow that's the land loudest
but the other that's breezy holy Sh yeah
that was close yeah really good I looked
at you and I saw this like what's going
on here it's a red rebuilding time no
it's not
you could look like it we're gonna
change the mount on this cuz right now
you the mount we have it has the PL
lenses but we're gonna borrow some Canon
lenses from the boys so as you have a
Canon lenses book on this and I figured
that a long lens with the wind are the
rain and all Bernard gnarliness will be
really cool it's like a indoor chill day
when everything else fails film with the
rest
Oh
he's shooting handheld yeah I'm trying
oh you can't talk when you're shooting
this is a thousand and would you say a
thousand and seventy millimeter yes
handheld no working um it's difficult
no but the cool thing with these lenses
is that they have stabilizing so that
makes it way easier than the cine lenses
nice but it's cool to be able to test
lenses without buying them so that way
but I think we should maybe go with
photo lenses and stabilizing you know
what thumbs up for me thumbs up for that
yes I agree with you but yeah no it's
just fun when your back is broken you
can play with a red and a thousand
millimeter then it's really fun you got
to say that again we have been
discussing yesterday's vlog and the
level of production we did yes so I'm
currently editing yesterday's vlog and I
did a little counting and I saw that we
filmed five hundred and eighteen shots
yesterday and that is with the GoPro two
GoPros one Mavic one phantom one epic w
the red one red raven sony a7s - yes and
then the gh4 underwater
NGH for underwater so a slight little
nice eight camera vlog yeah and then the
hero Marcus puts that into a ten minute
vlog with 518 Clips I try my best I just
had to jump in and shoot that and say
that yeah and that we should all comment
below and say thank you Marcus for being
crazy follow me Instagram and say thank
you we are just doing vlogs so that we
can promote our Instagram yes it's the
secret banda vlog it's been revealed how
many followers do you have on Instagram
now um 85 or something Haidee fun I
gotta hit the hundred yeah what will you
do if you get a hundred by tomorrow um
jump out of a plane jump out of a plane
okay if Marcus gets a hundred K tomorrow
if Marcus gets a hundred K followers
tomorrow he will join me and skydive in
Dubai so please everybody link in the
description follow Marcus and we'll go
sky jumping
David oh that's a nice hustle thank ya
yeah
100k 100k Marcus let's go hey hello
Yannick
hi Marcus hello Lisa oh how was the spa
so nice I have a diet coke for you
oh nice yeah I know in sneakers
no no do you want to see what I work
with yes please for me okay
so I replace the actual pattern I'm
working on douche bags hold on let me
sit up here for to say it backs feeling
better let's take a moment here to talk
about the fact that we actually do work
because I see so many comments that is
this guy on vacation a hundred percent
of the time or just fifty or just fifty
and I'm like I want to inspire people
that if you work hard you can do good
stuff but if it comes off in a way where
we're just on holiday then we're not
doing much good on that end nope
but yeah well we I mean we do a lot of
work on here but to show an example of
what I've been working on today I can
show you this so this is not the
camouflage pattern but we are making a
couple camouflage versions so what I do
is that I put the camo pattern here to
try to figure out how big of a pattern
should it be to fit the bags so let's
say I do this so now with the layout the
patterns pretty big and then I try
different sizes so let's say I want to
try like a much smaller pattern and then
I see how it is when it's smaller so
that's what that has been on my agenda
today trying to ball first creating the
camo pattern and then try not what size
because the rolls come in a certain size
then you got to match the roll size what
the size wanted to turn out in the back
yeah so yeah that's been today's work
but we have some really exciting stuff
coming out so that's awesome but if you
have any tips on how I can inspire to
work hard without you know I want to we
work but it's hard to show on a vlog
because you work on the computer and
it's boring to watch
but yeah bottom line is I want to
inspire people to work because I
wouldn't sit here for in work hard we're
just trying out the new
what the full full control app so
basically Marcus can control the focus
from the phone which is a really cool
app good money in fact and closer this
night Joe
what do you think I like it not we can
be a two-man team can we we need to find
someone to stare in the blog so we both
can shoot so I can focus ill the
question is can you guess where you are
focus wise yep you're in focus you do
remember you have a blog right yeah we
haven't finished that have we I almost
forgot yeah I forgot us well so sorry oh
so happy that I got some work done and
not just surfing which was good
nice I mean we are on vacation the whole
time right yeah okay so we should
probably end the vlog yes oh no no no
before we end remember if we want to see
Marcus jump out of a plane which he
really doesn't want to do down here full
of Marcus 100k and he's gonna jump out
of a plane with us so please guys make
it our Christmas gift yes with that said
I think yeah sleepy sleepy hope to wake
up with good back so I don't have to get
that treatment again some fight you pop
wait there was something else some biome
pot some pie up I'm gonna learn a couple
more words later okay bye bye
