by
good morning oh now this is one way to
start the morning which I could do every
single day but now it's time to go an
adventure find more new cool places
which this trip is all about adventure
mode
well look at this
well hello this is nice enough for you
this is super nice oh oh you think I
think it's like probably like Bali was
50 years ago
it looks incredible yeah this is nice
that's the beauty when you go to places
you don't know much about like we had
never seen a photo this place or knew
anything then we have good friends who
told us where to go I think they did a
good job you know what I need to do
before we party wait no I need to find
it for a board shorts don't you have no
I have all the camera gear but I forgot
board shorts okay
dammit all right mission one board
shorts then board and party wait okay
good plan you slow down or not by short
wore my suit yeah okay how can one go to
the beach and not bring swim towards and
good question I know I can oh my feel
looking touch wrong yeah baby made
smaller 32 33 maybe or don't have 33
only 36 brother only 36 yeah nah smaller
you can pick this dish with it's gotta
work a twist gotta like this like this I
try in here at the knife aromatic to
make a smaller look at this yeah I need
more hamburger perfecto nice thank you
here I come right now we can have a good
day good job mister thank you
your car thank you much have a good day
happy good day bye bye oh look oh yeah
surfing and we have cows
see this is what's really cool about
this place that it's random all random
and it's not not Trista fide yes and the
same way I don't think I've ever been to
a place like Lombok were it's this
little tourist which is awesome so this
is how we shoot the vlog yeah two Reds
four ladies three cameras
what happened I served and he killed it
rainy rainstorm the lock yeah really
nice rainstorm I had to run inside to
try to shoot so there was trees and
tables in the way okay but I'd punch
shooting I sucked on a surfing so it
looked to miss out on anything that
looked a peck yeah
can I have my towel please okay let me
go get it two seconds Kutcher
voila oh thank you
thank you so much for the ride thank you
thank you
nothing bumpy right very bumpy rough but
a really nice adventure yeah I like
utilizes see I'd rather have a bumpy
road and lots of palm trees then a
highway and that's so traffic into new
places but now I'm gonna jump in board
shorts and go for a quick surf are you
yeah we've been so chill all day that I
figured that I should uh surf a little
the ADHD ski Kenny I may be a little no
you just got to take advantage of a
place like this and do everything you
can from morning tonight
you
nice job Yanni
do GPS are you not a deploying yeah
we're back from surfing but they hurt my
back a little - I should have shirt on
and say but I had too many cinemagraph
ah too many cinnamon rolls
no I had a little like tweak and now I
feel like a hundred-year-old man but
it's not the pain in the back that I
used to have that's not good
good tomorrow fingers crossed it's all
run out well for now I guess we can you
can still fly drone with a broken uh
back and today we're doing couples drone
session that's nice never taught me how
to do therapy um you just fly come on
your knee lifts
how do I go forward and turn the camera
is this up or forward forward
oh you're far away I'm up there okay
I know it's a bird popping it beautifies
yeah always fly until you're out of
battery and let it be for like five
minutes
yeah no yeah Johnny now you have to
catch in the hand yeah of course no
problem flight and I take it go down and
then back nice did you see my face I was
like impressive honey right high five
and like a million mosquito bites after
come drone session me yes I know
Yanni's first real drone session really
no it's like next couple lease on Tim
yeah yeah so Walt implies more Mavic and
just keeps having fun I say we enter
date yes
so some pay you play from some feiyu pop
from Lombok Lombok we'll see you guys
tomorrow
ciao ciao
