good morning
good morning today we figured it was
time to do a proper house tour because
we have been living here but we haven't
had the time to do a proper house tour
so today it's house tour time of this
tropical adventure Lombok villa so I say
I mean you have to start in a place like
this because you see the view we have
here it's just spectacular but I say to
start the house door we started out by
the garage where we come to the house so
here is the way you enter the house we
have I read I love architecture so it's
cool to see this house because you have
this beautiful carport and you have the
house over there so this is where we
keep all our boards we have some lovely
people helping us to drive us around and
we have our mopeds let's go check out
the mopeds love the moped the mopeds is
what makes this trip the best we have
board racks on the side and we have one
two three four five six mopeds so full
crew rolling around with the mopeds
which is awesome let's go check out the
main house palm trees or a lot of
flowers of course every good entrance
needs a proper big door cool palm trees
and like a nice entry so here you walk
into the house big door big doors are
big doors are important and then in here
we have sort of the main living area we
have the chill area we have Yanni over
there we have terrace there from Norway
so basically our whole crew here is some
people that we know from before we have
Tim holding the camera at this point
hello Tim hello and we're gonna see if
we find more people but basically yeah
computer workstation this here
is the chill area this is where we sleep
after we serve yesterday I fell asleep
there tinder and then Yami and Lisa
Tim's girlfriend who I'm sure is around
somewhere came and hugged us and we went
up and they fell asleep and then out
here we have this spectacular infinity
pool I mean every cool Villa needs an
infinity pool so my house I guess in my
bays and coupe because I don't have an
infinity pool so yeah I need an infinity
pool and then over there we have the
kitchen where we have breakfast together
let's go look let's go look at that for
a second
ah Lisa say hello always a big dining
area that's always important so here's
where we have breakfast and get smart
and try to figure out what to do on a
beautiful day like today then we have
the kitchen in here where we don't do
that much because they have such amazing
takeaway food so we usually end up don't
take away food then we have one bedroom
in here ah hello oh and another red
camera Red Raven never seen this up
close before
oh yeah we haven't introduced you do you
want to say hi telling who you are I am
Thomas and I'm part of the soda lime and
chunk bread the crew yeah the red crews
we're yeah we're on the red crew
Bonjour
Mesquite you guys have mosquito nets you
don't don't have on that we need to
upgrade yeah let's go check out upstairs
and see where we had a have up there
here's the stairs going up
of course cool steps going straight out
which is always really cool and we have
I think it's a bathroom I haven't been
in here it is there's a bathroom in here
and over here what's in there and that's
your bedroom but you can also access it
from the outside right yep oh nice try
to make us look more organized than we
are I guess you got the master suite Tim
yeah I feel like this is the nice really
good one can we open yeah of course
we'll just leave it like this but yeah
this is what I call a master bedroom you
100% amazing
you have the balcony view and the
spectacular is over those can the pool
and then we have our bedroom over there
love how you have plants up here on the
deck we have another bedroom in there
my bedroom your bedroom tip plants up
here on the roof and then we have our
bedroom
oh that now looks like very perceptible
oh we have these Yanni the mosquito nets
since we didn't realize that there were
mosquito nuts look at these I know why
didn't we take them down you said
there's mosquitoes no how are you
yawning today more energy yeah yeah
Yanni has not been sleeping for the last
four days because a jet lag yeah
hence the tired little lady but you been
surfing that too but I'm getting there
we need to give her a Red Bull not he
so to conclude the Ville I think we
should talk about view you we the villa
is situated on a hill which has this
beautiful view over all the palm trees
and I mean who doesn't like a palm tree
forest as a view we have the village to
the right which is really cool that you
jump on a moped and you're there in like
three minutes and then on the moped on
the way out you have chickens running on
the road you have cows and it's just
this really like well adventurous
feeling on the left over there you have
a lot of waves and trees and just nature
but it's cool you wake up in the morning
you walk out and you check the swell out
there which is really cool and then what
else do we have you sure everything yeah
I think we showed everything yeah
yeah I guess to conclude this Villa we
have if you want to check out more and
know how to rent it you can check out
everything in link in the description
below I can highly recommend going here
because I've been around the world quite
a bit and this is the most like jungle
adventure feeling place I've been yeah
which is awesome but yeah with that said
I'm gonna probably try to go look at
some land because I want to build a
house here so that's like the mission of
today look for more land and try to
figure out how to live like this buy
your land yeah buy land that's what we
want to do because I want to build a
villa here because it is simply
incredible so I hope everyone enjoyed
the house tour we didn't get to meet
everyone in the house but most people we
have Nina Lina's yeah leanness is not
here here is this Instagram tag but he's
at the hospital because he got a surfer
in the head so he's neck is hurting a
bit and then I think everyone else was
here right yeah we met everyone so yeah
Instagram tags for everyone so now
everyone knows who's here with us we
didn't know everyone before we ride so I
don't want to do the first thing it's
shut the camera up their face I want to
get to know them and say hi and be
polite that is why we haven't introduced
people not because we want to be in the
vlog 100% ourselves so yeah we always
try to be nice to new people we meet
them then after a while we say hi can we
do some filming so hence that's why we
haven't done it yet but now you've seen
where we live and outside for us to go
do more adventure did you show them the
aloe vera wild aloe vera so you do like
this and then you have cream in here and
then you put on your face
Wow mmm it's really good I do it every
night nice super good I know that I knew
that that was an aloe vera plant but I
don't know how to use it thank you for
get sunburned still like weird wrong
apparently really good for your skin
yeah so a bit of extra adventure advice
here at the end of today's vlog for me
on it yeah we're in the woods and you
want some beauty tips and it's all good
and then I mean I was gonna plan on
ending the vlog with a DAB but I read in
the comments that dabs are not cool
anymore so I guess I have to stop that
so we have to blame Markus time yeah
sorry
I like jabbing it's a little dab done
the vlog from here we'll see you guys
tomorrow some file you Bob Joe from no
book see you later Joe
