good morning good morning how are you
guys good we are great we are here at
our home away from home at Chandra we
love Chandra you do and especially the
breakfast well yes we just had a
kick-ass breakfast made for us and I
feel energized I know Yanni's tired
because she didn't sleep much yeah yeah
you gotta sleep have a jet lag you slept
too much on the plane yeah I guess yeah
I say wait welcome to my world where
sleep it's not something we get too much
up but yeah we are gonna have breakfast
I've been trying to find surf buddies on
Instagram mm-hmm
so depending on what we find I'm gonna
try to go surfing okay we've depending
on what everyone wants to do depending
on how big it is okay it's big you guys
should go if it's big
we're going on it yes we only do big
waves right yeah big barrels
everything else is boring right yes so
yeah I say conclude the breakfast fine
Instagram friends or you guys depending
on if it's big enough for you guys you
know and then let me know shred nice and
just live the body life first I'm going
to throw that pancake in my face and I'm
gonna have a coffee to finish the omelet
and my pineapple juice
the moment of truth well the boards be
in one piece or broken well this was
like old and banged up from before so I
actually almost brought this more for
protection for the other board but I
have a special relationship to this
board because it I've just had a lot of
good waves on it think we're good
it looks nice I mean it's not broken it
huh no goop this happy thumbs up
is it a drawn or unicorn cutie corn yeah
yeah unicorn right not the Pegasus into
uni can I see these new pens are great
no fin key just the plumbing system OOP
now I just realized I just have one
slight issue and that is leash
I was gonna ask you yeah I don't have a
leash I'm sure you can find a leash in
the ollie it's not like trying to find a
leash in Monaco Surf's Up Surf's Up are
you ready on it
are you energized no no and we have
uncle and Daniel French team Sweden in
the house pro surfer pro surfer team we
have red bull gear so any place in my
life red bull hats people expect you to
know what to do to do this red bull hat
no leash then people has to think that I
know what I'm doing
it's not huge but it's looking mega mega
fun you guys ready okay I'll wait out
there economy my
I feel alive of course I'm alive you
didn't die out there
no but the waves like I doubt it was
sitting out there it's like a split like
a bathtub out there it is so warm in the
water so super nice via the way it's
kind of like disappeared we're like no
waves but who cares it's sunny well but
it's so warm and feel sunny yeah you
guys gotta come surfing it's awesome
it's like it's like an energy bath out
there well she watch it watch it watch
it
I hate when you have sandy feet with
sandal Johnny come on you have to clean
the underside from here yeah because I
don't have sand in the car stealing all
the water come on okay perfecto I need
to live somewhere where I can surf every
day oh no wrong son sorry
today I was like in the water I was like
groove and then I sat down in the car
look welcome to our lives I wish I was
like in the back of a truck where they
could just drive in and then tilt it oh
do not crash with the camera no of
course not so it's team tired today I'm
super stop lying
John is the blind thank you yes your
account thank you oh thank you so much
to some of you but a little chilly today
some biobot really I am a hundred
percent ready nice uh are you joining
honey okay don't ever join unit Marcus
when they're going camera hunting we
were both dead half an hour ago and then
we found out that they have a sony a7s
here so we are going camera hunting okay
- hopefully finally complete the most
kick-ass look setup and wet what the
chances do you think that I'm saying 95%
95 98 a total with the lenses
yeah okay I'm supervising I can I dig my
brother yeah cuz you know me I'm not mr.
positive no not at all bye soon Yanni
every time Marcus get in on the driver's
side guide today later yes thank you
thanks big party what do you think
keeping fingers crossed oh they have it
they have the camera but we see that we
still need lenses and have it even the
lens
three Tate well now Oliver they get me
just get that one what about okay no no
we're gonna be smart we're staying with
just 1635 today and we get what we need
do you have a a gorilla porn did I give
me your Instagram account yeah I think
you extra discount anyone tired raise
their hands
you know you're dabbing do you know what
a dab is now do like the thing you did
again you're going to get so many
governments on this what is it
it's a DAB it's like it like it hip cool
thing that like the kids too I've heard
of it me either when do you do it when
you do so I don't know like Annie do
something cool okay I call this is gonna
be the top comment I call that we should
end the vlog now cuz when I was making
fun of Yanni and Marcus that they were
tired I'm hit you in the ass
yeah really badly like I can honestly
say I'm not been as tired as I had been
lost our for probably a year like I feel
like I'm struggling to survive just eat
this pizza yeah somebody so are you
