and good morning well but maybe not
morning but we are back we are now as
you can see we're in Bali I am sweating
like a polar bear in the desert me too
I'm like I had a white t-shirt on but it
turned out like wet so I changed but
yeah we are in Bali and for once we
figure that you guys had seen enough of
the window of an airplane shot so that
way we thought it was smarter to do a
bit of a travel Q&A here in Bali yep
does that sound like a good plan
I like the plan and since we're doing a
travel Q&A I have a little preview of
something that's coming out on Monday
that I wanted to take this opportunity
to show you because as you know we
released a camouflage douche bag couple
weeks ago and it sold out in 9 hours so
now I want to get people a bit more
heads up if you're interested in what I
have right here we have the brand new
all leather all black edition that is
coming out on Monday it is a limited
edition so it won't be available forever
but I want to just so you guys have the
chance to get it I wanted to show you
and let you know that on Monday it's
coming out there will be all the info on
douche bags Instagram so link in the
description below so you can follow them
and make sure you get it but I have to
say that we started douche bags five
years ago and I think when I receive
these bags it was the first bag where
I'm like yes yeah we are finally like
where I wanted the company to be when we
started it so yeah like we have that the
leather webbing we have the suede here
and basically I sort of looked at
insides of cars and everything so now
you know they're coming out there'll be
more pictures and everything but thumbs
up for me thumbs up for Marcus so if you
like a guy that has the style of ripped
jeans you know this guy's root for thee
yeah little metal logo so like
everything is all black less logos than
before which i think is really cool but
enough with that let's move on to the
million questions that I got it wouldn't
be I don't remember it being this hot in
Ambala
but I'm like
if you can see how much I'm sweating I'm
trying to go through all like I have 650
questions I think so I'm trying to get
to the start of Instagram come on
oh there we go okay we'll start right at
the beginning with people that were
really quick to answer questions I
should look into the lens yeah okay um
what are you favorite travel gadgets I
mean I don't have that many gadgets like
of course you always need the travel
like the electricity converter you need
your laptop and you need noise
cancelling headphones and travel but it
and travel buddies you need your buddies
traveling alone is so boring um what is
your favorite time of the year to travel
I mean we travel all year around and I
don't think I have a favorite time do
you have a favorite time Marcus all the
time all the time all the time it's my
favorite time Cindy wants to know what's
your favorite thing about traveling with
Yanni I think when you travel with Yanni
and she's with you at check-in you get
away from overweight luggage a lot more
often so Yanni it's just lucky at
finding the right people in like she's
just lucky
generally ah here's an interesting one
for I guess both of us
do you prefer travel vlogging or home
vlogging what do you say Marcus
I mean travel vlogging is home logging
because yeah I would say that I probably
prefer travel vlogging because it's more
new things so it's easier whereas when
we're home it's hard to know what you
guys want to see so we're always like
trying to figure out what to do when
we're traveling it's much easier I agree
it's so uh yeah how has it been
traveling with the red camera so far no
problem no problem like I was a bit
afraid
coming through check in with like ten
batteries I mean no we have six of these
and then the big camera and so far it's
been no problem whatsoever well and then
we can tag on we have had lots of
questions how is it to travel with
drones and I mean so far there hasn't
been one single issue ever in any
country you know so our from our
experience it's no problem whatsoever we
put it in the care
Rhian with everything there so yeah so
far so good
James wants to know if you could live in
one place forever for the rest of your
life where would that be one place for
the rest of my life and I couldn't
travel if I couldn't travel no I
I'd say Hawaii because I loved her
surfing but then I can't ski so it's
really difficult can't really answer
that I want to keep traveling we had to
move out because I was sweating like a
crazy person so we had to get out and
get some more fresh air but we will
continue do you have any tips to beat
jet lag and beating jet lag is far from
easy the only tips I have is try to sort
of plan you're sleeping on the flights
in order to match the time zone you're
going to like if I'm in the States for a
long time I would go to bed an hour
earlier every night like 405 nights
before I leave so pretty much like I get
up at 3 or 4 in the morning
on my last day so that way I'm almost
back to Europe time when I come back
that way okay so we have Ruben he wants
to know can you one name one thing that
is indispensable for you when traveling
Marcus what is the one thing you can't
live without when you're traveling the
red camera okay I will then I will
compliment you and say I can't live
without my computer passport computer
and credit card and then we have pumped
us has a good question where do you
collect all your airline miles who do
you have a frequent flyer card with and
we meet Yanni Marcus we all have our
cards with SAS and I think in total on
like all the points I have on different
cards I also have the Amex points I
think I have about a million points at
this time so we should really try to
book up we should do that Marcus we
should book more tickets via points yeah
I told you Sims April yeah but I'm not
modern I am not smart like that actually
tell about the toes about them travel
agencies
that's my question what do you think
about travel agencies and you never use
that okay so I was a little slow in the
whole you know internet era so when me
and Jana started dating those five years
ago for the first year and
for some like that I used to always book
everything through a travel agency in
Mora so I had you know these great
ladies that always help me out because I
wanted to have someone on the phone that
says yes you your ticket is booked
you're good to go on the flight because
I was always nervous booking online that
you know there would be a problem but
now I have adjusted and I booked
everything online usually okay we can
move into that we have a lot of
questions where do you booked your
tickets and we booked pretty much
everything on mundo it's a great search
site for all different airlines and that
is the site that I found so far that's
been the best okay there's um here's a
question from yellow Marcin 41 he wants
to know what's the what's your traveling
schedule for the next few weeks and okay
so I'm going to try to remember we are
now in Bali tomorrow we're going to
Lombok for six days which is really cool
because I've never been too long book um
then we're coming back to Bali for two
days so that we can sort of cut the trip
in half and then this morning we just
found out that we are going to Dubai
for four days on the way back Marcus
gave me a skydiving experience as a
birthday gift yeah and Marcus has a
birthday coming up and now we all have
the opportunity to go skydiving in Dubai
so we figured why not stop by there on
the way back to Europe the question is
mark is gonna do it who knows you got a
lots to vlog are you gonna do it I'm
gonna do it yeah hungry persona might
jump out of that plane I'm gonna try to
put the pulse meter on to see if I can
they calm yeah that's my that's my
challenge to myself how calm can I stay
while jumping out of a plane so yeah um
so Dubai back to Monaco for a day or two
and then we are driving a very very
special car from Monaco to Marbella and
then we have I think four days until
Christmas so we might stay in Marbella
or go ski for a quickie depending on the
weather that's key for a week for three
or four days depending on the weather
okay we're still trying to figure it out
I didn't know about that so then we have
Christmas me and Jana are gonna do
Christmas in Marbella and then probably
back to Monaco and then first the
January me and Marcus are flying to
Canada for a week of heli ski super
excited with that
yeah that should be pretty pretty epic
so that's about as far as we planned so
far aleksander wants to know have you
ever been to the North Pole or do you
want to go yes we want to go to the
North Pole
we have been course but yeah um bucket
list
yeah bucket list both me and Marcus we
both love Iceland
you know Nepal North Pole so yes we want
to go to the most remote places in the
world you want to need your toes I was
just about do I look that sweaty
let me get shorts cuz I'm I'm dying yeah
me too Oh dippin hold on oh oh this is a
good place for a Q&A okay
no I'm ready here's a good one uh Eddie
wants to know if you could plan a
gumball 3000 where would you take the
route it's difficult I have thought
about this quite a bit and I have to say
that it's cool to start up in
Scandinavia because the interest in
gumball is huge up in Sweden Norway and
then I really like going to the eastern
countries like Poland Estonia Czech
Republic cuz it's like if you come with
a Lambo to Vegas or Monaco
people are used to seeing Lambos
everywhere whereas where you go to more
unique places you don't see them as much
so it's like a bigger deal when it comes
there and then I don't know finishing up
in Monaco is always nice when you finish
at the Monaco Formula One Grand Prix
so probably start in Stockholm go down
the pole in that area and then finish in
Monaco but yeah I'd like to keep it in
Europe because when you go over to the
States there's too much logistics with
shipping um here's I like this one why
does the new carry-on bag from douche
bags only have two wheels and not four
so when developing this bag we looked a
lot about on this weather we should have
two or four wheels and since we travel
to a lot of places where you don't have
a completely flat surface when you get
off your flight two wheels
is just more suited for anyone that's
you know if you need to go to your hotel
in a ski resort and
there's some rocks on the snow if you
have these small four wheels there are
just not that good so I think douche
bags is a brand for people that travel a
bit further and that is why we chose
Jewett's so trust me I've thought about
that probably twenty five nights right
and sleep that's with everything I do
here's a pretty good one actually Lukey
boy wants to know how do you deal with
clothing issues since you can't wash
everything you own everywhere and
sometimes Marcus comes to me is like how
are you doing on laundry and I'm like
I'm pretty in desperate need of laundry
so yeah we try to do it in a way where
we find laundry along the way or we go
to Sarah and hmm and buy the bare
necessities so we can make it home
without smelling bad but yeah usually
you can find laundry where you go do you
want this one actually oh yeah we should
finish on this one
yeah oh no it's not a swan it's a
unicorn it's a unicorn it breaks we
have a unicorn this is much better than
where we started the QA here's a pretty
interesting one actually because I think
it's interesting sure no but the
question itself is interesting it okay
so Charlet wants to know are you guys
allowed to film on an airplane have they
ever asked you to turn the cameras off
and I mean I would say that 19 out of 20
airplanes it's a hundred percent fine
they don't ask anything and then you
have these certain like sometimes it's
like hey you cannot film out the window
you can't even take a picture when we
flew from Miami they said you cannot
take a picture out of the window because
it's regulated space outside I have
never heard that before I can totally
see if you're not allowed to have an
electronical device in the air but like
on the ground texting we weren't allowed
to take photos so I would say normally
it's fine but sometimes you have weird
times when they tell you you can't
hello Yanni do you want to come and join
the last part of our Q&A give me two
seconds some I'll try to find a good one
for you to join in on how much time do
you usually need to pass the security
check when landing in the USA and do you
like passing it
no I don't like fussing it because they
always scare me yeah I'm scared but it
all depends what person you get in you
call it
the security but yeah they do scare us
yeah but we haven't had any problem so
far now okay um second to last question
how would you rank the best top five
airlines that you've tried I could say
the five top airlines Norwegian SAS
Turkish Airlines Emirates okay Sansa
okay from my experience I'm gonna put
Singapore Airlines on number one yeah
yeah okay the business class in
Singapore Airlines is out of this world
I haven't tried it um I do really like
SAS yeah SAS new planes are incredible I
I'm gonna say I'm putting SAS on second
place third place I'm actually going to
put Turkish Airlines yeah we I haven't
flown with them before we went to the
Maldives but I have to say I was really
impressed we do I also really like
Norwegian they do a great job even
though there are cheaper tickets I think
flying from Scandinavia to the u.s.
flying in Premium Economy Norwegian is
by far the best yeah and then is that
four or five four well I'll let you know
if Emirates is up there as we're flying
with them back to Dubai yeah so with
that said we are almost done but before
we're done we have a little surprise for
you guys
because together with the guys here at
Chandra we have put together a little
giveaway and not a little giveaway
either this giveaway includes five
nights here at Chandra in a villa and
all the villas here are incredible but
it also includes two days and two nights
on mercy the boat that we went on on the
Komodo Island
and I have to say it's probably three
the best places I've been to
yeah probably the best place I've ever
been to so if you want to win this make
sure to check out the link in the
description we can honestly say that you
can't do a better vacation than that
yeah so check it out we will come back
strong tomorrow and I hope you guys
enjoyed the answers that we had but now
I'm gonna jump in the pool and cool off
and we will make sure to have an AC room
next time I start a Q&A yeah
so some pie you pop some pie you bought
some pipe you but like okay some pie do
pop jump pop jump I was waiting for them
