good morning guys today we are doing a
special video because we got to get on a
flight so we got to make sure that we
can export before we jump on so today
it's all about this everything about the
Lambo I feel like we've shown the car
but we haven't really gotten proper
sound clips and like I don't think we've
even shot with the drone so today we're
gonna go through the car and like show
you guys a lot more than we have in the
past day in the car which means that I
had to go drive it so it was a really
tough video to decide to do basic facts
it's a 2016 Huracan 6/10 or they called
he's been for 6/10 for there's so much
numbers I don't even know what they're
called
it's a Huracan and the reason I got this
car in the first place was because I
think it's the coolest looking sports
car that has the potential to tune it
really hard and of course it has
four-wheel drive which is important for
me when we go skiing so let's just go
through a couple details let's see sure
- then you come up with everything you
want to say yep so of course it's in
camouflage because I do everything in
camouflage it just makes if you do the
camouflage right it means that you can
highlight certain shapes of the car so I
prize spent you know hundreds on the
design itself and I think it came out
pretty good in the end I agree we can
start here by the wheels we actually
have stock wheels on this car I don't
think I've ever had stock wheels ever
but since they look this good I figured
it was just easier to keep them cuz
otherwise you've got to order custom
rims which I love to do with a TV one
but I didn't have the time to do it so
stock wheels and then the brake discs
are actually replaced the car comes with
carbon and ceramic from the factory but
when you drive a lot in the winter you
have a lot of temperature changes and
you have a lot of little rocks flying
around so we switch them to gyro disks
steel discs because that is just more
practical for how we use the car because
we use it 24/7 and drive over and on
anything um we still have summer tires
on we are getting winter tires here real
soon I hope because otherwise we'll be
in trouble once winter hits I hope so -
yeah that would be really good and then
if we move on to the weird part of the
car we have a 56 Nord Ski box which I
helped to decide
the start I think to most people the
whole idea of a ski box on a supercar is
just crazy and you shouldn't do that but
it all started kind of as a joke seven
eight years ago when we were joking
about like let's drive a Lambo on the
snow and then somehow that joke and it
turned into reality and now I can't
picture having a car like this without a
ski boats because now you can actually
use it a friend of mine actually started
at 56 Nord so I was involved quite a bit
with the development of the box so I
made sure that it could fit everyone
thinks that it only fits small skis but
it actually fits the biggest powder skis
that had half so we still have prototype
inside here but if you look at the front
it's cool how it opens like this where
is normal books is just go up mom yes oh
yeah just the prototype so finish is not
a hundred percent yet real boxes should
be out in a couple weeks I think but
yeah in here is where we fit all our
luggage when we go on long road trips
and skis and boots and everything I
think we're not the only ones that
thought of coming up here today it's
like the most busy way in Monaco right
now
so the one thing I get probably the most
emails about it's like hey I have a
Ferrari I want to put a ski box on it
how do I do it and the simple question
of that is that you find your local
tuning shop and have them look at the
car and try to figure it out because all
we do is always custom solutions this
one is mounted with a metal beam through
the engine attachments and then we have
the support going forward here and then
you're probably not going to believe me
when I say but the front of this box is
actually attached by a strap because on
the Huracan there's no place to put a
mount anywhere we think maybe we can fit
one here but this is the best solution
we could think of so strap in the front
through the box and then a nice foam
cushion on the front I mean the solution
works I've had it on all the Murcielago
and it simply works pretty well nice
even though it feels a bit sketchy to
have this in like 250 I love to see the
cars I have as low as possible of course
it's not ideal with speed bumps when
it's this low but you have a lifting kit
in the front so that means that you just
lift it up and you pass over the speed
bumps without a problem so I think this
it's always important to have your car
slammed to the ground and then of course
exhaust
as you can see this thing is so fast and
so loud it's like it almost scares me
and I don't get scared in cars I never
get to get in cars it's like you have to
focus in order to like hit the gas in
the right place by going downhill on a
small mountain road with this car and
you're not scared that means you can't
get the air but I'll trust you
yeah but it's like I had redbull cancer
it's more fun than scary
I don't know just give me a little shine
as I go it's like your face is getting
something that it is yeah but that is
exciting super exciting
we have a straight ad
and
I'm glad that I am not a teen espouse a
teen we've been going 300 here
it's like it does this to you like it's
like it sucks you're sold out
but I have I just want to smile it makes
me smile right now I'll call it the
smart machine it is a small machine it
is a small engineer so yeah
engine-wise we have the car stock has
610 horsepower but we have a
supercharger system 100% customized by
start by motorsport and it produces
between eight and nine hundred
horsepower we haven't really checked
because we check more on the
acceleration numbers and the
acceleration numbers is
a hundred to two hundred in 5.0 seconds
which is the same as the mayor on yeah
so we have this little fun plane we'll
be able to ski box that accelerates like
the mayor on like I've had the rebellion
you had the rs6
and I mean this is way faster I don't
know like it's just optimized in a crazy
way and the only car I can think of that
was about as fast was the can exact a
gear are on but this is like it is
hybrid car yeah it's hyper car hyper car
with the ski box
I think we should come up here more
often like every day every day from like
12 - to have a lunch break yeah their
car break designated at lambeau driver
yeah you have to be a hundred percent
focused just to hit the gears before you
over rev it because it just goes through
it's over
see
that's right it
I love this car oh my god
you
tonight it's fast and the consequences
are huge oh yeah you go off here you're
dead
it does scare me a bit but it is an
unbelievable car yeah I mean what do you
think Marcus I think it's fun it makes
me smile I hope it does and I love
driving more than being a passenger so I
hope you're sick more I'd be so scared
if you drove it like that here
I wouldn't like get out like tell me
like let me off now I trust you yeah but
I don't know if I trust myself ok ok
like do we have anything else inside me
inside yeah we haven't really shown
inside what do we have
okay well I mean inside it's very much
standard we have an all black interior
red stitching Alcantara out this guy
when it coming closer so to start the
car you flip that up and you have the
start so it feels like you're a jet
fighter pilot love it we have that this
is the reverse huge improvement over the
old Guyardo where you had the reverse
button here and generally like comparing
this to the guy I've had to guy our
dough's three Murcielago z-- and this is
like a whole other story like it is such
a much more refined car so is it
anything you don't like that I don't
like about the car yeah okay it drinks a
lot of gas of course it has limited
luggage space ski box ski box um
the seats aren't the most comfortable
they're really nice but for some reason
your back really hurts by them and it's
like not that they're hard or anything
it's just the shape of them you know but
I've had that on old Lambo so it's just
I guess Italians are built differently
oh yeah I know a couple things I don't
like having the blinker on the steering
wheel it's too modern for me I like it
old-school like flip the blinker up here
ah I have two more things the only two
more things I don't like about the car
oh yeah one here's the window switch but
here's the other window switch so that
means if you want to take both windows
down at the same time you got to do like
this
why not put them next to each other and
I will never be a fan of electronic hand
brakes like I want a stick like in
Sweden we grew up with a stick and we
like pull it and then we make like spins
on the snow donuts donuts but yeah I
mean besides that I think it's it's by
far the best sports car I've ever had
and if it had four seats it'd be the
best car in the world ever Lambo build a
four-seater like this build your version
of the Ferrari FF I will be your first
customer number one I'll buy two so I
think that's about it I feel like we've
showed most things mm-hmm right what do
you we have said here we should say hi
to Cepheid Lee's hello everyone what do
you think about the car this guy's
insane it's so loud that's the main
thing I see
it's just crazy crazy that when you
accelerate the process in a tunnel and I
genuinely always have to let go this
tingle to go play it is insanity
that's nice so step is actually probably
more experienced than we are like
filming cars so luckily came along and
helped us get a couple shots which was
really nice and you can find SEPs
channel below to check out more stuff
thanks up thank you guys an awesome day
and now Soltan is calling me mr.
Batmobile yeah sorry Sultan you'll have
to wait two seconds I'm shooting yeah
yep so with that said we're gonna end it
because we need to go pack up our
surfboards and head to the airport and
fly to Bali so I guess we'll see you
guys in Bali and for now over and out
I'll Jamaat
oh hey boy up Hey not born Eber blown up
play MIDI from Monaco so ciao
you
