you
good morning good morning you are one
strange human being you think yes I
think well my plan is that I know that
we're going to bali tomorrow and
whenever i get to a certification I
always feel like I'm out of shape so my
plan is to go paddle for a bit today and
tomorrow so the one I get to Bali
I have strong arms so I can catch weight
but yeah like I wish I had a proper
wetsuit even though I see there's a lot
of old lady swimming without wetsuits
yeah they must be a lot tougher than I
am but yeah I mean what better way to
start the day then a little paddle
around completely flat water and Monica
enjoy them you sit up Surf's Up
you nice oh nice
oh that's it going great working great
thanks hon rails are you the only one
with a wetsuit today yeah but it's nice
to have but now I feel refreshed and
awake I'm it's time to like get the day
started
yeah go on yep I can't believe we have
this 150 metres from the apartment I
ready I'm ready
what's the plan we're gonna go out and
do the yoga challenge yoga challenge
what's that I don't really know but I
think it involves difficult yoga poses
together is it like a couple yoga
challenge yeah
I gotta do posters together nice get
those banger Instagram shots Oh
Yoga chance for my youtube yeah but you
get Instagram shots as well she just
want to plug our YouTube channel YouTube
channel we're gonna is this video gonna
be online okay yeah so something show
hold on let me get it correct up here no
oh are you even trying
no I'm like oh yeah I'm trying are you
even trying yes up there in your heart
like I'm good at certain things in life
but I am really bad at certain things in
the number and corners okay left hand
your heart lay on the left side okay
let's do an action okay so yeah if you
want to check out Yanni's channel you
can check it out okay this is gonna do
okay
physical things yeah I guess I am better
with my body than migrate and robot yeah
back again out here on the jetty this
are like favorite spot filmin dude so
we're gonna do this now we're gonna cut
that camera and then we're gonna shoot
this whole thing on Yanni's vlog silk up
here on the side where you can't kick a
football or throw a ball up here is to
link the Yanni's channel in the video
we're shooting now yes yes good job
check out it can't kick a football can't
throw a ball that's not as clear okay
but fine you guys ready
we are alive still turns out Yanni had
like the World Championship the world's
most dangerous difficult yoga poses okay
let's see what let's see that last line
like we can show you one pose that we
were working on like see if we can get
it not again
okay you gotta have arms no because here
I am work now arch your back
oh nice oh we got it oh are you getting
out nice Oh better than my challenge
yeah practice makes perfect
nice job guys oh yeah we tried a bunch
of different once and Jani kicked me in
the head
last time we did the challenge I had to
eat cinnamon and now I get a kick in the
head yeah that's why he challenges are
fun cuz you get kicked in the hug fun
for you love challenges
hey be much you've not oh come on
that's the Monica way nice to meet you
guys ciao ciao
how's your parking skills um today they
were pretty good nice because the curve
was real low so that was nice
Monaco to find parking for let me turn
them to find parking in Monaco for
grocery shopping in the port not easy so
quick Monaco fact in Monaco this is the
only grocery store that's open on Sunday
yeah yeah
and usually when we don't have a car
we're lazy and we don't come here
because we don't want to look exactly no
we can go nuts
nice give a list well every time we go
shopping Yanni's like oh hey can you get
me some general that but what's that in
English they're made apple granade apple
i don't yeah no problem and then she's
like I'll send you a list and then I get
a full list of all these weird things so
we had she should go shopping
oh yeah next time be on a you're going
shopping look what I found
we've been so good the last few days all
right
but okay pick one or two or three make
it sitting there for emergence until
your venom ones ah don't tell me you're
not excited limited-edition is it Oh
many one you can I feel like I feel like
my life is under control for once
besides the fact that we don't have a
sony a7s 4 in the plane tomorrow and
like shaky like walking in the streets
of Monaco sucks
yeah this yeah for these kind of shots
we might use a Sony but yeah we're still
working on it does it fit
it doesn't quite fit - bats spin home
yeah you can we should probably start
the car first and then we can that do
you think we can spin with the red I
don't know just don't loose it okay the
thievius works it works it did work nice
I feel like this is way better that I
filming you carry the groceries yeah
yeah very stable I'm trying to be
do you like the Bears we don't have too
much flare action going on a little bit
though yeah there we go yeah Alex sorry
we're gonna stop now okay
hey Marcus nice to meet you Joe how you
doing yeah he's just like he's gonna get
real strong we decided that we need a
sony a7s and luckily we found our God
it's me tonight we're gonna have a look
I'm sure you didn't expect such a
message I have a sony a7s - oh I know
it's social mystery mystery you can go
300 is my way short
yeah that's fun it is summer for me for
no chance of it I come from Norway this
is your summer it's like 50 degrees
sometimes everybody swimming suit yeah
we keep he swam this morning yeah that's
beautiful you want to do in swimming you
know
yeah no no yeah I love penguins as well
but I'm not the penguin you know bark is
the cookie okay sorry
have a good day ladies thanks for being
in our vlog okay
back to this you're now called the
penguin a true film star okay let's not
escalate that anymore here yeah let's
get back to camera so Instagram post
yeah like I mean I put on an Instagram
post like we need a sony a7s for like
really low light and more wide-angle
stuff in planes and like you know like a
backup camera mmm good backup yeah it's
sick so yeah that we're gonna have a
look and see how it feels
yep see if we can match it with the red
nice yeah cuz we've been looking at all
this stuff online but when you look
online it's such a different thing then
it's very different but we do love the
signal as we shop yeah red with the
Sigma heart
yeah
yeah it's it's light and small and nice
I guess conclusion is we need one of
these but we need a wider lens pen zoom
that's your conclusion yeah we should
live in New York's we could go to be an
agent like we'd be so broke if you lived
in via any ornaments
yeah that would be a problem but I say
if we throw this in the computer look at
everything yeah and then try to get
spark a million thanks for Dory's
helping up to most people and he said oh
we're so long yeah and we got to talk
cameras for like an hour that's not what
are you doing I just remember that I
bought this light for a TV show like 10
years ago yeah yeah and I was seeing
comments that people thought the low
light didn't look so good so now I
figured I would try to improve the low
light okay look see how this we should
feel like since we felt this much in
here we should build like studio
lighting we are team overkill
maybe build our apartments do you like
nice I love it
for now this will have to do look thing
Oh get some flares you're using flares
fun nice air kill my god that's nice now
I can actually see what I'm doing
no like I would prefer to have it like
this little bubble so if I'm over here
now
how's the lighting situation let's see
perfect
is it good yes so whenever we film here
we just bang out the light cuz you won't
ever shut we need a light guy I want to
I'll be I'll watch it later but I think
with that said um I think we can end
today's vlog but now that I guess we
have like we can just keep on shooting
okay so what do you want to talk about
guys Chum Joe I want to okay so we want
to end we're all in do you want to talk
about something no sorry you guys watch
Johnny the yoga challenge yeah which
corner can kick with the left foot or
throw with the left on it's up here yes
and in description
and follow me nope I'm gonna have to
beat that out yeah bleep that out we
need you know they asked me the princess
pose doesn't help you now he on it it's
too late now I might work this way but
it's not working towards Marcus not even
the double princess pose okay um and
action
ah ah ah ah body
yeah Chuck yeah we're coming back into
burning here again why didn't you tell
me there's a big shadow on the wall like
the light guy really messed up we need
two lights we need two lights with you
yeah well there I let her have that
straight now we need to lunch we need to
I just needed to say that okay sorry for
the mistake in lighting yeah okay yeah
okay here is without the light we need
like testing testing we need a lot of
let's fill the studio
yep perfect okay last one tchau tchau
