good morning good morning we're starting
things off right with a flare there on
the table
oh nice how is mr. bellar oh I'm hurting
my body is hurting so is mine like
what's the problem what have you done I
don't know I worked out Vianney that's
part of it so what's your we did today
oh I think it's sunny out feel some cool
stuff I think we should have a coffee
and then set a game plan okay nice oh
sorry I was just I'm getting a flair off
the table Oh enough with the flares come
on sorry
you
what are you doing I'm cleaning
okay why because I feel like we've been
running around the planet for the last
many months weeks and now we have some
time to like live normal life yet we're
doing laundry from cleaning you know if
it's one thing that makes you any
happiness when things are clean and
usually we run in and out and I'm not
good at cleaning so now I'm cleaning yep
nice right honey
yes I'll make it everything perfecto all
right thumbs up for money thumbs up
what about from you Marcus bumps up for
me as well I want to see you clean the
floor yeah I couldn't this a bit here
yeah I'm almost actually almost done
nice should we have a mini coke just a
little break maybe you want a coke or a
red ball look oh okay
we get so many questions like white are
you not sponsored by Red Bull why you
have to buy red ball is this today's
comment yes this yeah why you can't buy
a Red Bull
yeah and I can send an email to Red Bull
and say hey send me rebel but I forget
because there's so many other things I
need to do so yeah I can handle order
but um relays it
I support Red Bull I'm gonna have a tiny
Coke later once I'm done empty inbox
clean floor life is under control don't
you I never feel like it is so now oh it
feels good yep okay now you gotta stop
distracting okay sorry I gotta be
productive yummy let's go
yummy come on women hurry up and what I
am ready
no you're not
no I always wonder what women do when
they take time you look great
are you not sweating in a jacket I'm
doing it for the airport no what do you
think about the new camera it's pretty
significant yeah yeah very anonymous
yeah that's right Racing we're very
lucky very lucky
what are you having you summer again
just a little cappuccino okay you have
hot chocolate hot chocolate
yeah we are young I'm gonna have a lemon
water yeah let moment sparkling water
the hot chocolate man un is a very
organized person who's more organized
you are yeah so here's an interesting
thing this morning
we realized that Yummie cannot sleep if
the dishes are not made or if there's
stuff everywhere I cannot like I
realized that I combed the board and she
cleans like it's like I'm more worried
about the floor than the mission
everything else more intelligent people
leave their room messy ha and less
intelligent people if it all organized
so we're like really tell ya because
more intelligent people are worried
about other things you know
there we go oh now we have sound again
finally okay just quick explanation we
we're up shooting and we ran out of
battery and we didn't have batteries
stupid so I'm in the mic yeah we have
this super kick-ass camera and then we
forget the battery for the mic yeah
hence the weird storytelling in the last
few minutes yeah now we're back now
we're back will speak I just wanted to
say that yeah I actually I have an idea
Marcus yeah tell us how is the workflow
with this thing I've seen a million
comments on Instagram it's so easy it's
like it's better than they're like
actually better than sony a7s anything
anyone's gonna believe you know but I
didn't believe it either until I tried
like I added on random no Buhner 15-inch
13 inches long nemours problemas no
problem
what are you doing Yanni I'm editing
photos and shopping I see you shopping
no no I'm doing a blog post and then I
find a similar clothes but I'm worried
show my shop my look here shop my look
where's your shop your look I don't have
a shop hold on show your knees yeah this
all right I'm saying about that yes
yummy fashion guru tell everyone that
it's cool I mean I think it's cool but
of course it's cold during the winter
but and now it's winter so I have
patched up my NIA what I mean it's not
winter here no I know
yeah but it's like my grandma telling me
oh you bought jeans with holes in them
it's cool it's stylish but now you have
proper jeans so people cannot complain
yeah that's complaining yeah
I smell food
yeah we have taco nights yeah I thought
it was about time to eat because I
realized that again we forgot to eat yep
I've had nothing to eat every single day
we forget well we've been so focused on
filming and then of course reading
comments on on the video and see we will
thank you know this so then we realize
that yeah we need food
yeah what do people think it seems like
people like it they think we're
completely crazy and then of course
which we are yeah
but yeah I mean of course it was day one
we always feel like we can do a lot
better but the light book took us two
hundred and twenty days to get we're
where we were so just give us a couple
days and well we're gonna get better
yep I think we're gonna have to go with
the taco not deluxe version because we
don't have everything we need for it
okay and then we we started watching a
designated survivor what do you think I
love it yeah love it I'm gonna call him
Jack Bauer he's Jack Bauer yeah he will
always be jack by the ultimate legend if
you haven't seen designated survivor
check it out yeah uncle I habla highly
recommended yeah but now go sit down
okay you're just distracting me I want
to eat okay sorry right there yeah but
tacos busy Anna
Oh talk about welcome bug boat special
we didn't have that much ingredients but
I think it's gonna be good nice kill
this lone survivor no more friends no
more friends and designated survivor
with that said Yanni do you want to do
your thing Yanni okay everyone Olaf wha
anima hey Bonnie
