good morning good morning today is a
special day today is a very special day
for us because we are going to introduce
our new vlog set up let's see it should
we do it yep we now have the red epic
w8k mega super duper camera camera
edition yeah of course I mean who would
we be if we didn't have a camo red
camera yeah
and now well I figured I just rounded I
feel like a TV salesman here you know
but yeah red epic w camera shoots 8k hey
K that's 4 K clocks 4 K times 2 so we're
just gonna downgrade the quality and
export in 4k then we will do a couple 8k
vlogs later but we got a it is a
learning process but just like Casey
said he wanted new challenges so do we
like shooting with this is way harder
than having like a little point and
shoot autofocus auto everything here
100% manual everything so you got to
become a better filmer in order to do
this yep and that is the challenge that
we love so on the camera we have the
like up soo McCrone C lens yeah we have
an 18 we have a hundred millimeter and
we have a twenty nine millimeter so
these are pretty much the best blend
well not not the most expensive lenses
but pretty much the best you can buy um
and now we blog on the iPhone yeah we
have the iPhone now so that we can
export this whole thing in 4k yeah how
do I feel feel mmm light like yeah we
have a mic set up so that we can get the
sound and everything on this and then
battery wise we did a lot of research to
try to figure out sort of the tightest
smallest setup so we have the core swx
we have six of these so they're going to
get us powered through the whole day I
feel like we don't need six but if we go
on a mountain it's good to have a lot of
power
so um little Mia overview but I say that
I jumped up this morning and playground
with it so I say we start the day four
in the morning and then run it through
and then we can connect tonight and see
what we thought of the whole process
yep I hope you guys like it
and remember this is day one just
imagine what we can do in day 400 yes so
yeah we're excited we want to learn you
want to get better we want to push the
boundaries and we're crazy let's go
let's go good morning good morning today
is a good morning it is you're the
filmer I know you know much fun I've had
with this this morning yeah I know but
now I'm gonna give it to you so you can
play with it yeah I'm done with a
thumbnail and titles and everything for
yesterday's long then it's time to roll
yes okay so that's what's today's plan
today's plan is that we're gonna we're
gonna film on their bread the whole day
nice but mission wise we're gonna jump
in a Lambo go to Khan and look over some
rap options see whether I should rap the
books or not I mean it's mostly an
excuse to jump in the car
nice got a love race brakes
jinyoung q of that weight too bad boy
how's your French Marcus come on he's an
artist when it comes to wrapping cars I
mean yeah he's wrapped in my suits car
and it's sick alright very great at what
he does
nice joy yeah my Monaco wrapping guy
again you got to figure out whether that
boats just go on the wreck or not so I
wanted to hear his opinion
enough friendship
I'm working on my crown shake I want to
learn so I take your virginity I get you
have to learn French no speak English
come on then I don't learn okay now
we're looking at different shades like
look at this shade I think we were just
planning on looking at putting some
camera on the books but then I saw this
gray shade and I'm like I like it as
always when I want to do something a
little bit then I get 10 more ideas
super alright
we can never we have what we need then I
need to figure out a design for this and
then we're good good to go more camel
nice I'm just gonna return this and then
we jump in the car and head back yeah
super ah you know what we need to do on
the Femina in openam Monsieur the non
police yet oh you need my name on your
car yeah yeah that I understand monkeys
Vidal yes it's your name sound French
you should meet his friends well oh well
oh yes should I email of it get accessor
ah nice court teams nice teamwork
how are you gonna get out I'm gonna have
to be real thin nice worked yeah so nice
to have a car in Monaco it does make a
difference to live in mark on have a car
because then you can just go to con look
at reps am I the only one who hates
coming yeah I just want some flowers
first look at this
come on that is why we got it right
I just love shooting cool stuff me too
can I shoot it yeah of course oh my god
hello I smell food my new session
Jonnie Jonnie sweet I like all of Yanni
yeah but most of all I like tiny little
coke so we can pretend the we're on an
airplane chicken and noodles quickest
best food there is
look this well no I was too hungry to
fry vegetables I thought about it and
I'm like no yeah we need now cuz are we
gonna work out yeah we have Johnny D's
Marcus I mean like you're 15 are you
doing it yes mmm Marcus James working I
think okay we can make an exception
today since we have a new camera that
he's a lot of to film today next work up
we're gonna put that thing on a tripod
and you're in okay next workout in Bali
something yeah yeah okay I gotta eat so
I can digest before we work out look at
the tiny cook I know Timothy what time
has he done it
reven I can't find shorts I think we
have to cancel cancel we cancelled
because I'm too tired take off my shoes
again be honest I'm really tired but
sometimes you got to do what you got to
do in order
order order to get the shape and today
you got to do the workout yeah hope so I
got something to tell you to make it
happy really um yeah I forgot my phone
in the car why would that make me happy
just then you're not the only one losing
stuff yeah
yaaayyy Marcus forgot his phone ok you
have batteries for that thing tripod do
you want to trap up yes of course if you
want a tripod you get a tripod we did
not get a rat to be comfortable and like
not go over kill and chill and if we
can't bring a tripod
we will bring what's going on what Elvis
storm brought in but that wasn't there
this morning like all the crap so much
crap
yeah there's a bit sketchy more surfing
because there's like wood floating
around oh yeah oh yeah that monocle come
on clean up like is this a deserted
beach that no one takes care of looks
like it yeah what do you see any bear
there of there on the pier here please
up there
I think here it's nice yeah we go to the
end here okay I'll go set up the tripod
okay
one more to go I mean it's so nice when
you're done but it's just painful when
you know you're more coming well notice
now you know that you're more than
halfway through it
she's just strong mentally mm-hmm hi
girl
I just nice when you're done like I know
I know you're right
yes let's do it seven minutes in your
life for a healthier tomorrow stay in
shape so that we can do more things
every day three two one done
nice job guys Thanks you didn't eat
enough spinning the beauty of having a
girlfriend with good discipline well and
I think Marc is gonna work out running
around he's like oh oh there yeah so he
worked out all three of us yeah yeah
good job good job so we're in friend's
shower
brenell conclude this video up there
okay you started today oh yeah we're
back on the iPhone we are back and we
have now used the red a full day for the
first time yes and I guess you should
answer what do you think I love it
it's like super exciting and challenging
super challenging no doubt cuz I mean
you have everything manual so uh that's
I mean we're gonna learn we're gonna get
better
what has cool part but I feel generally
it feels really good yeah and what did
we realize we realized that we do need
one smaller camera for certain
so we want to work we want to get an
sony a7s so that we can have super low
light ability really wide-angle stuff
because this camera has a bit of crop in
it so why not for liking the car yeah
this is too big to have in the car I
admit but yeah generally like it works
really well I think I just want to shoot
yeah I mean it's like I want your job I
want to be the film er now because it's
like everything you shoot it's just
really cool
yeah and that's you know we I mean a big
part of the reason we shoot this vlog is
because we love filming I mean just
getting up in the morning running to the
beach like oh look at those burger yep
so yeah we're excited I hope you guys
are as well hope you like the camo
edition so cool everything cam oh yeah
so with that said I think we should
probably end the vlog since we have a
bit of editing to do yes and then we're
going to try to export the whole thing
in 4k and do that pretty much every day
one we have internet that's cooperating
yep so um I hope you guys liked it we
had a ton of fun and we can't wait to
get better yeah always progressing every
single day so with that said over now
from one on a fridge bani adama' a jdoah
manu vogue okinawa cameras missing on
camera special christmas Jana yes
ciao ciao
