and good morning it is 5:20 in the
morning at NIEHS Airport and our whole
thing with traveling less yeah it's not
really working out that well but I'm
just waiting for Benny to hear arrive
here and then we figured we can do a
little behind the scenes of us picking
up the car because it's gonna be a
really long day so I think the plan
today is go more Warner style I've been
watching this vlogs and I just love the
simplicity and the randomness and just
having fun so follow us throughout the
day and hopefully bunny it's not
overslept but full-speed as usual in our
life oh let's stay singing you morning
morning vlog I was watching bornus vlog
last night then we should do it behind
the scenes yeah really random like
Warner does it just film the most random
things and not worry too much about it
I'm not a lawyer that this storytelling
exactly just random stuff throughout the
whole day
so first check-in check-in of course we
are on the first flight of the day
making the most I'll show you the
sketches Machinima merci beaucoup
welcome aboard of the amiright first
feels great right it's too tight to feel
like mr. baby would be good in our
flight and then BAM
oh yeah again it's really hard to be
Warner he would come up with something
he would drive everyone on the plane
yeah - me too - yeah
Warner would not do that that creates
extra and you have the sound for this
they're saying welcome to beauty get
some douchebags good we are still good
we might be reported in a few hours on
it but yeah no that's good yeah it's
great the confirmation because you're
jet-lagged in you're wide awake at 4:00
a.m. so yeah we are now in Munich at the
airport and heading towards Kempton
there pronounce that correctly perfect
gives adulto but we're gonna look at fun
things all day
and we have arrived look at this and
this one I've seen this quite a bit one
the good old well here really quickly
because I'm getting all sorts of bad
ideas from Ed in here before they just
have so much fun stuff here we're
supposed to go look at the certain
specific thing but we're taking a little
detour I'm like a little nervous when
you look at the car for the first time
no not in here sticking out I'm so happy
to have an rs6 again to say guy was sad
like said for two years is the thing the
last one burned to the ground so all we
have to do now is the last little of
final tweaks with couple though ghost
cars flying in with a couple logos and
as always when you're dealing with a car
it's little last-minute things it's not
their fault at all it's a hundred
percent of me being flying around the
world sucking I don't know how to build
a car if it's not super last-minute and
and no sleep it's so funny like the
amount of sketches are done with the
split because I love the blacked-out
look you bet also love white and then
Mike I want to find something a new
different so first thing we're gonna
notice that we tried a couple different
versions but now I'm playing more in
Photoshop so of course I need to do
final tweaks of this so we're gonna
change these lines a bit most people
won't see a difference but then we are
gonna film this thing but we are tight
on time there's no doubt so we need to
finish everything we can because for us
becomes final tweaks BAM out
then welcome to my lord how are you I'm
good
just checking all your gear I am playing
fat one yeah I feel that it's good I
like the fact that I can see what I'm
shooting but it also makes you realize
my case and I still has sunglasses yeah
because I keep looking at them and
everyone it's gonna be like that that's
weird
Yanis basically on and changing last
minute stuff but it's got to be good I
love working under hard time pressure we
have what roughly three and a four hours
more of Sun outside and we're we're
tweaking the last little parts but this
these are the parts that make the
difference
ah it's giving you the rights it's now
three o'clock I've been on my hands and
knees together with monsieur ortega and
then fuck it but can you say hi - no you
didn't say it's been too busy yeah it's
so glad fucker he's like the one person
if he tells me no am i okay we spent
some time talking about this car a lot
mm-hmm but it's actually pretty sick
it's actually sicker than I thought I
had high expectations and now I'm just
looking at the white side I got to go
check out the black side sick if you get
boiler once how you just switch and go
to the other and if you see if you
wonder where the ski box one it was we
ordered the roof track but the one we
ordered that's lower didn't come so
we're gonna put the ski box on here a
couple weeks one that gets there because
you want everything to be perfect and
the car looks great with or without so
if you love ski boxes it'll come if you
hate it enjoy it now we stopped taking
photos and no stop photos dude this is
some serious behind-the-scenes stuff how
to get a smooth dolly shot
Wow
so this is where the remover there this
one out the door door and it's car
revealing time there's a lot of things
to get ideas about here mm-hmm
you see that you see what they can do
there grows legal LMS for the backseat
so guys sorry next to no Roma no more
time vlog can start for today thanks for
watching we'll see you soon
that we will
nice meeting you yeah thank you for
everything
yeah things also
you know how I'm the familiar race is
always cool yeah now I can't just do
that now you can do it at home this is
really needed don't forget that thank
you guys
alright let's start our afternoon
activity of 700 plus whatever detour
through Austria start by turning left on
the next intersection we jumped up to
like a little bit in the future so we
can focus on navigating any music at the
same be right back
good morning Benjamin the plan was that
we're gonna drive to innsbruck grab some
food there but then first Benjamin Benny
fell asleep then Oscar fell asleep and
then I didn't wanna wake them up so I
kept driving for cabarrus we're almost
in Milan oh yeah come on we have this
car what do you expect that we're still
another first what time is it I have no
idea of the time so you still also for
that same time 58 is it 10 15 even have
we time to put them in the toaster -
it's gonna hurt my soul because let me
know the time you gained by being
efficient on the road it's nice with the
toaster oven order grab something cold
next to the cashier you know the drill
peanuts in like a sandwich today
Benny always insists on sleeping with
this computer in his lap but on every
bum the computer would hit the menu
button first those pretty sweet does
that music is really nice and then it
was just a screen going between
different menu options the poor guy up
man if Benny's not sore in his neck
tomorrow morning I don't know you've
been head baggy like you're at a
Metallica concert Cheers
or be okay now how are you yes no I feel
better I feel better again
Benny's broken I fell asleep here in
like four minutes so if there's no
filming in the next little bit you know
what I go parrot
no you watch me okay now turn off the
light
yeah baka took over I was pushing for a
really long time but then I was just too
tired I woke up like seven times
I've been driving limo mode all the way
but it's not that was limo boat I
thought you were trying to break the new
speed record from Milan to Monaco
hopping truth he or she does not have a
name Phoenix right Oscar
yeah Phoenix it's been rising from the
ashes actually an even better plan is to
just say good night because we are super
time that I hope this random kind of
behind the scenes or date it was okay
what time is it by the way yeah limo
mode my ass good night for Phoenix and
Monaco
