good morning good morning today we are
we're not starting with a beer all today
because you've seen the ocean
and it's looking the same today it's
beautiful out and we are just packing up
because we're and even to Sweden for
Christmas holidays you look like a
maniac with a knife I am a maniac
yeah but before we go Jordan our friend
Lucas Avalon the artist thing dropped
off this Christmas gift last night I'm
pretty sure it's a surfboard but I'm
also pretty sure that it's not a regular
design because you know we like the cool
departments they have like a surfboard
chillin on the wall yeah this might be
more of a Marbella art item because I'm
pretty sure this is I was gonna say too
nice to surf wow oh wow that makes me
want to surf this thing no art so yes
like the the camel that I usually use in
the bottom and then he works a lot with
stencils well I want to serve this thing
thanks you're done Jordan you're the
best let me show you we actually got how
sake that is super nice like these two
together as art lo aha so look you he
works with stencils so it's like one
white stencil gray light gray darker
gray gray black the work that goes into
it is insane thank you you find out
you're a nun merci beaucoup
you find this website below so check
that out I expected it to be nice but
this was actually even nicer yeah what a
great start to the morning yeah and I
start packing yeah we're leaving in 54
minutes and I haven't started packing
yet we're going to Sweden from there
down to Morocco and then up here so I
should price or packing yes but it's a
beautiful morning we're happy
it's good we've had such a great stay
here so all this good now we got to pack
up so switch that camera and we'll
switch right back in a sec look at that
what time is it zero to hero in 51
minutes yeah not bad and I even have
time to shave and shower yeah
that's how you pack in your pro
team always tight in an elevator every
single time because it's sunny up
that's all
and we are in Sweden that was not the
original plan when I was vlogging
because we were doing some b-roll to the
airport and then everything went to
from there do you want to explain what
happened in the last hour and a half no
and you suck but we still fight and
we're supposed to take off in 15 minutes
it's okay we're not stressed
this one carries throwing batteries I'm
not allowed to check idioms now
apparently we should chicken all our
luggage instead of having it with us
that's kind of the point of a carry-on
that you carry it on we are still here
25 minutes later we're almost at the
gate at the door complain
so we are now finding on the plane it's
been I think three hours since we
arrived here so it's been a fantastic
morning and then I'm like finally shoot
some nice Bureau but they look at the
window like we are not meant to be on
this flight but such is life sometimes
first it was an hour-and-a-half line to
check in because nothing worked
then we were had to overweight in the
lot in the bags then aired the flight
was delayed
then we almost had to check in our
luggage and then on top of that check in
like all my camera here that's not
happening so there was a lot of like
naam positive things being set on the
cameras I felt like we like to be
positive on this law so we're just gonna
stick to the fact that we had a bad
flight so that's why we're here so now
we're gonna see if we get some luggage
I'd be highly surprised considering
today's performance yes now I can grab
this guy and then we're gonna maybe find
some coffee and head into town first
good thing of traveling today you're
happy oh the coffee lady now now I do
agree but I forgot to buy ELISA Villa no
you have a coffee bag set up now this is
always do this and I have a blog
very important for a traveler not
sponsor what school there we go real gun
don't go to Rajasthan area I was gonna
say I have to figure out a light
solution so I'm sorry for the lighting
situation but it's kind of like really
dark and it's like 3 p.m. okay you know
eyes that look if I want to film eonni
yeah in all seriousness it is a little
tougher to vlog with bags and lights you
want to know something good no it's the
first elevator that we go in in a while
that we're not crammed may have lots of
space we're gonna go see honey sister
Michaela yes and there yeah
the plan is that we're gonna go see them
I'm so Pam yeah this lights gonna make
us look awesome maybe we should do this
black and white yeah so we're gonna go
see your sister and everyone nope no
response it's pretty clean and nice at
our place - thank you gentlemen and a
gentle man or how do you say yeah but if
it's only one multi-ball gentlemen's no
but if it's one if it's several it's
gentlemen no gentlemen gentlemen
gentlemen a good tip for her on that
vlogs if you're using a light it makes
things much easier to grade yeah without
lights grading is horrible
that's why my kitchen cooking show
looked terrible now we're gonna put this
away and wait for everyone to come I'm
not hungry at all I just had a serrano
sandwich showing the juice anis
that's all I've had today that's the
coffee
yeah like seven hours ago but I got so
much stuff done at the air on the plane
so oh yeah
that doesn't count it's not food but
it's still been a good day I had a
proactive like oh yeah yeah I'm just
gonna eat the house
it's like purse where she told me she
uses regular glue
you know cause smells Kista so not
eating glue no all right I say it's been
back when we have some kids and we are
struggling with the vlogging today like
I came up and then it was like the
flickering light the super dreamy
flickering light than the apartment so
that's why I didn't film much and it's
as dark everywhere that it's real
difficult so today it's a rough block
it's like more like a real vlog not
really like not nicely filmed whatsoever
cell phone light in the back of a cab
with a bag in Yanni's lab yeah
sake home do you know what we are about
to experience it's very typical for
today yes since today vlogging not so
successful this is the most flickering
elevator in all of the planet is it so
it's a fitting for today's walk it's
like it's almost home deliveries without
Oh secret stuff that was that right
there that I cannot show congratulations
for your engagement Thanks good very
very good hold on I have a splendid I
have the best idea I've had all day and
then now we're just gonna end today's
vlog because nothing has gone right the
entire day of filming traveling lights
flickering and stuff like that so
positive yeah we're still positive but
please excuse today's quality bit of a
row of log better than nothing and then
hopefully tomorrow we can wake up and
like be me a bit more like you at
filming yeah maybe it's good for you
guys who say that we're normal people we
have normal days and their shitty
sometimes yeah today was not in that big
day yes I had to cut out so many things
to make yani actually seem like the nice
girl that she is cuz today when
everything came against me you didn't
like it
no but such is life sometimes and then
you just gotta keep on smiling no we're
gonna get snacks for barbells and
Netflix so we'll see you guys
today's one works tomorrow morning we're
driving two more out to my parents so
you guys are gonna be able to spend
Christmas with us yay okay ciao ciao
ciao hey don't feel stuck they do it or
not
