all right welcome to take 2 on this
livestream QA that now turned into a one
take on the camera that we're going to
post up I know who is possible so uh
yeah we didn't really work out the way
we had planned so we are taking a backup
solution yes we have no idea why things
didn't work but such as technology
sometimes yeah
so I say that we can dig into the first
question I don't know if anyone heard
but the first question that I picked up
was that what are you guys going to do
for next month and a half and I thought
that was pretty relevant since we are
sometimes bad at updating where we're
going yep so the end of the year what
are we going to do the last part of this
year well to make a long story short
Monday night we flied to Bali yeah two
days in Bali five days in Lombok two
days in Bali back to Monaco for a few
days and then we are probably driving a
very uncomfortable extremely fast car
tomorrow a up are we yeah I'm not
confirmed yet but probably ah ah that
brings us close to Christmas so either
we will stay Mar Bay until Christmas or
we'll take a quick ski trip depending on
the snow and then we spend we spend
Christmas in ammonia and you go to
Norway to Bergen to Bergen yeah and then
we are trying to figure out what we do
for New Year's yeah I'm gonna figure it
out good no we'll see about that
something either Monaco or Miami air or
Marbella or yes I am
and then first of January me and Marcus
are heading to Canada just to a heli ski
for alright yeah and I'm not going next
year maybe Yanni was a little scared in
Japan now skiing off-piste powder so you
got to get some practicing yeah so yeah
those are kind of the trips that we have
a finalized them that are happening so
do we have any more questions
I say we alternate questions so I can
talk Marcus gets a question then I get a
question than Yanni have you sailed
before and what or do you want to learn
to say um I have sailed a lot I used to
compete in sailing in up
and my parents are Swedish champions in
trumpets Therese I don't know the
English class work but yeah my mom and
dad won the Swedish championships
together um back in 80 some time so yeah
we've saved a lot but I'd love to sail
more I'm big boats I want like a hundred
meter sail them and I haven't sailed at
all just for one week I'm more of a what
do you call more boat
Bowie MD same motorboat yeah yeah we
already your kind of girl I'm more like
a young we always had motor boats in
those things yeah Marcus um yeah
actually uh my uncle is actually like
Norwegian champion in sailing oh really
yeah I would say the lot myself but I
like it yeah yeah I want to say across
the Atlantic that's for yeah
this yeah sail across the Atlantic yeah
um I have another for you shoot yeah and
where do you store all the footage ah
you wanna answer that they're not
bringing up another question and we
don't store any footage I mean we store
that final exported version of the law
and all raw material is trashed
yeah yeah that's these are the trip yeah
we look sad it's finished
yeah like making a puzzle it's like yeah
sure all the pieces doesn't matter just
the final feature
yeah but um right now we're all looking
at things don't you have a question no
what you doing when I was talking I
thought we agreed that whoever was
talking the other two with them I yeah
you're fine one yes I'm pissed off
because nothing seems to be working are
you going to do a meet-up in Sweden um
sometime maybe
bayaud sometimes we just want to make a
good meet-up so we tend to press phone
things until we have epic ideas but yeah
there will be meetups and what happened
to Jay why so Jay Jay why was skiing on
today
an aura for 11 years and unfortunately
we were not able to continue as we had a
hard time finding financing no event I
loved doing it but with social media and
everything changing around the world it
was hard to justify the cost of an event
compared to what brands would get out of
working with social media so that's why
it was difficult but it was an amazing
11 years and I had the best time but
it's now running a vlog doing an event
at the same time would kill me yeah nice
and what's your workout routine how
often are you training and when are you
stretching you answered that Mel fund
another one okay I tried to work out I
tried to go for morning walks every
morning but I would say maybe five six
days a week and then I want to do a
workout three to four times a week like
a full body workout
yeah and stretching and not that awesome
then MoMA not criminal yeah what about
you Marcus how's your workout regime
strong no um I only trained land
henrique forces me to Train yeah
when Henry disliked Marcus shape that I
can't beat this so we are gonna train
more yeah that is something we need to
do in order to stay in shape and have
the energy yeah I can't have one other
yeah you'll never see your parents
what's going on with them yeah no I've
seen that question a lot um we have
breathe like normally yes even a lot
more than we have since we started the
blog but now we've been just on uh sort
of an a bad travel schedule so that
means I haven't seen them but we my
parents are fantastic and we tried to
meet each other as much as possible but
traveling around like crazy people it is
a bit difficult but yeah we are going to
try to be better at scheduling time with
my parents yeah we were planning to go
there for Christmas yeah and then they
were planning to come to my bed
Christmas but then they realized that
they wanted snow for Christmas
yeah so they went to Ora I don't know
yeah I think they went to Ora I'm just
gonna refocus the camera if it's uh it's
in focus is just we move around a bit
yeah perfect yeah it was just like I
hear um yeah yeah so now you know with
hair gel geez okay so this beautiful
hair here up here yeah mine as well hair
is forged by not washing my hair I never
ever wash my hair ever ever
no never would check like one's doing
even water yeah I washed my hair with
shampoo when I cut my hair yeah because
if you don't wash your hair it sort of
it becomes different so I mean you have
never ever once complained now about me
not being fresh maybe I seem like a
really disgusting dude no I think it's
like a technique people do it yes like
if you don't use shampoo or conditioner
for a while your hair doesn't need it
yeah but I shower like six hours a day
so I cleanse it like a lot but yeah the
best hair always comes from a
certification because that you have all
that salt going in and it just makes the
hair perfect no Jo can ever replace that
you can use salt butter spray yeah but
it's not the same
yeah not the same but now I got to find
a question to ask you guys if you like
you're finding SQL me something yummy
can you start uploading in 1440p huh or
maybe that's for you I don't even know
what 1440p it's like 10 a day like a bit
better but why not do 2k or 4k or six k
r8 k NK maybe yeah what why should I oh
it's not known enough not the quality
good enough yeah no we will not do 1440p
will probably 4 K before we do 1440 oh I
know okay I have to make a video so if
you guys I want to do a challenge yeah
yeah that probably includes me liking it
yes so I don't know anybody
you guys can't comment either below here
or on my Instagram or something or my
blog different kind of challenges mark
is wise to come and still running on the
live feed people are crazy but isn't the
life heat dead
it is that ok alright I hope so
everybody um Lucas
Sancho wants to know why did you serve
login and who inspired you
we started vlogging or I started logging
in like 2007 and basically the idea to
me was born when we were in Norway
shooting this big jump and we had
everything set up and we were ready to
jump and then we saw this like all the
clouds come in clouds came in a train
for three weeks we had to rebuild a jump
and then shoot it so getting one jump
made took a bit over a month and then I
thought we make these ski movies but no
one ever sees what goes into making them
so I wanted to make vlogs to show what
it took to get all the shots Peter in
the ski movies and then sort of he did
that for a couple of years but it was
all ski focused and then last year we
did a lot of ski vlogs as well and when
I was watching those last winter I was
like we need to start vlogging again
because it's so fun to have the memories
that's where Marcus came into the
picture and that's why we are now doing
a video every single day to make a long
story short I don't find any good
questions
no when will you start skiing we might
ski now after Bali depending on how the
snow situation is but we are for sure
going on the 1st of January yeah yeah
Canada because we're I'm being a bit
more picky nowadays with skiing I'd
rather wait a bit might go to really
good places whereas for the last 20
years I've skied every single day no
matter how bad it's been so now being
older and doing YouTube videos it's nice
to have the freedom to spend more time
with yummy yeah but I can ski - yeah but
you don't want to ski when it's dark and
cold and icy but I want to go to
yes that we're gonna do is it open um I
know they have some snow nice hmm that's
close to more behalf for you guys who
don't know I got a question um how far
along is the bucket this going so we've
been working on the bucket list for you
you've been working on this might as
well yeah it's coming on the website
soon we're just gonna make the fun list
yeah and like we have the design and
like all that yeah so yeah it's coming
up on the website soon and once we have
it up I think it's easier to complement
it more and like make more adjustments
find more things I keep coming up with
so many things I want to do and that my
killer do that and then I realized that
a lot of those things are things that
scares the living crap um I have a
question what I mean Thomas Bruns mom
has a question have you already figured
out what car you're going to buy the FF
or the rolls um I've been have been too
busy traveling and doing all this stuff
so I haven't really thought about it
much
I love the Huracan and we'll have that
until someone buys that and then
probably get the FF yeah I actually have
a follow-up question and I've seen that
a lot a lot of people ask me why do you
look at the FF and not the GT for loo so
the GT for Llosa is the newer version of
the FF basically because we drive the
cars so much that it's better to buy
something that it's a couple of years
old because they are thirdly similar car
wise you know same engine and all this
so I'd rather get a slightly older car
so that I feel that I can drive it a lot
without being too worried about losing
the value so in my eyes the cars are
very similar and I'd rather get one that
I can drive more yeah smart for once
I've done the opposite in the past try
that I got one as well and who's your
skiing idol I've never really had a
skiing Idol I've had like people that I
think are insane um there's a couple
people on the list Kelly Slater Sarah
Feist is 11 time world champion and he's
now 44 in competing at the highest level
so I'm
I live I am retired yes am i that boring
yah yah ah Shaun White is an incredible
athlete being that good in snowboarding
and skateboarding and really pushing
stuff to a whole new level
Travis Rice probably the craziest
snowboarder ever and then of course
there's a ton of great skier but I don't
want to name one of them because I'd
like the name 15 if I would name one of
them so yeah no real idol so I and
Hendrick Henriksen Idol and Young is
that so it's like more people that I
know it's more people that I look up to
the way they look at their lives and the
way they treat other people so I'd
rather look up to a person that I think
is always friendly and nice rather than
a person that's always waiting yeah what
about you get people like to look after
I don't I don't I think I'm sorry I mean
I feel like my family I have like my
family like my mom dad sister my
brothers Oh many of my brothers I look
down mr. younger no I'm kidding
no I think it's better to look up to
good people yeah Gio an idol oh thanks
so it's pretty boring got to have an eye
though yeah I wish I had me Casey's kind
of they're gonna kick you out yes you
know what he's going through and you
know how impressive this yeah that's it
now I just quit yeah that's crazy crazy
yeah
good friend please no comment you prefer
sorry guys
why is that I'm so fired ah ah do you
prefer summer or snow summer summer
what oh no what do you have a perfect
winter day it's better than the summer
but most winter days are not as awesome
there's more good summer days yeah so
I've gotten a bit peaky and spoiled over
all the years of skiing yeah you're a
summer girl
but I love to ski as well
I give it's a blue sky yeah more so like
that's amazing that's a good one from
alias Leah sonic if you had to start
your career all over again from square
one and you're not allowed to follow the
same path as before what would you have
been doing today hmm
that is hard I mean I wish I would have
been a surfer because I love to surf but
I don't think a kid from moron Sweden
why not it's very likely to become a pro
surfer yeah but is he likely to become a
pro freestyle skier while skiing we have
fiber swords around where I grew up so
yeah but still yeah but zero going for
it yeah but I still grew up skiing yeah
okay all right I would probably be a
hockey player I was playing a lot of
hockey when I was here or sailing I'd be
a hockey player
I'd be like Henrik Lundqvist in New York
Rangers well badass remember I went the
way I did even though that's really cool
do we have any more a couple more to
round it up and can't find any would you
try snowboarding yeah snowboard I've
been snowboarding now for like two or
three years because I was skiing when I
was younger and then one Christmas my
dad gave me a snowboard he was like kind
of starts snowboarding I was like oh my
god yeah so I did that for three years
I'm not I started skiing again then I
kiss no board but I'm just a lot better
in ski so I usually stick to skis I've
never seen you snowboard we should all
go snowboard yeah how's your snow words
I would break my face so hard and we are
going snowboarding AHA boom have you
tried it
yeah like once when I was like yeah I
haven't done in the past
we're gonna see if Marcus can do a back
football snowboard I can't I have a
really interesting questionnaire from
Matt Watson who is the current high
speed champion in the golf cart and at
what speed I am the champion I was to
jump in you with a champion first yeah
yeah and then I beat you
yeah and they're like 52 and then you
got like 54 of them 56 or 58 oh yeah it
was a big I did not really not I don't
care didn't we yeah I was angry yeah
yeah meaning I'm the high speed record
holder and like yeah 55 plus 55 Plus um
give us two seconds
we are gonna let's do three more yeah
since everything didn't really work out
we were throwing a bit off that's why
were a little off today yeah bomb I have
I found that last question what is that
all right okay so we can you find
anything quick um no we can't wait it's
like a one take we can't land
you can't cut no we're not gonna cut
ready to brother Hans going to show up
yeah Hans where are you my brother is
always he's probably the funniest person
I know uh you guys can find a link to
his Instagram in the descriptions we go
check up give him a follow because he
huh yeah Hans like yeah he's tough load
a lot and he was he is funny so if you
guys fallen then maybe you can start
uploading yeah yeah I'll be fine
yes and then I'm going to end with it's
two questions but they're both asking
the same thing what happened to the red
camera once the red coming and that's it
for today ciao
no wait hold on we don't have a red here
but we can give you a little little hint
on what we have going on or a big hit
what I'm gonna muse
can you guys see what this is yeah no
what is it
for anyone that knows what a sim Ekron
see a cine lens is you can probably
guess that we have something good going
behind this camera so you'll find out
real soon yep
but for now this is all we have but yeah
quality about to go insane and Mark is
gonna be like Hulk Hogan because this
lens is like it's heavier than Leica
thanks for supporting me huh thank you
it's super heavy so yeah little tease
but with that I say we end today's
miserable failure
we failed a lot today yeah unlike we
coming back to do this live stream I
failed in 29 different ways taking the
car out of the ground yeah okay so good
night and thank you for watching and
bagua bunnery Jack yeah Adam ah then
what when one atom ah Adam ah okay
