are you ready Marcus yeah for the ride
of your life
good morning today is a special video
because today I'm in Miami but this
video was partly shot in Marbella so
hence the cost fit and everything in the
background so I'm today I'm at a photo
shoot where I'm not allowed to film what
I'm doing so that is why we were kind of
thinking what could we do today that
would be entertaining and my first idea
was let's make a video about Marcos
why is Marcos here boys Marcos body ye
see good and why do we get on so well
yep
and I think the best way to start that
video is by showing parts of the clip
the Marcos sent to me to get the job
from the start do we have to we have to
show it so the whole thing got started
with me putting out a blog post saying
hey I want to start vlogging again and I
need a filmer so shoot me a video and
tell me why you're the right man for the
job and then let's watch it let's watch
what Marcus said to convince me hey dude
my name is Marcus I'm 24 years old from
Bergen in Norway and I truly believe I'm
the right guy to make the new Jon Olsson
video blogs and I think that the market
value of the Jon Olsson video blogs is
much greater than you think because
making this too kind of a personal raw
kind of daily thing will attract a huge
audience in the long term so I really
think it's it's an amazing idea I'm
hard-working I'm social I'm easy to get
around I love to travel
I've been working with cars for a long
time I love to ski and yeah I truly
think that that Adam I'm the right guy
for the job
yeah I guess that's pretty much it and
if you have any questions or anything
just hit me up my email and I'll get
back to you and I hope to hear from you
soon have a nice weekend bye there you
go so you shot the video and you were
sure that you're gonna have to drop
yeah I told you I like the title of the
II Men was like I'm your feeling or
something yep yeah I kinda remember that
actually got something in teeth really
you didn't tell me until now I didn't
see it yeah I told you I was too guy
right yeah and then I think that I'm
like well I gotta like meet up with a
few of the guys that you know I thought
was interesting and then I was fine to
Oslo and you're um you're like oh I'll
come down to meet you yeah and so I met
Marcus for the first time at Oslo
Airport and when I met him he had
already shot like up the window stuff
and as we're walking to the train he was
shooting shooting shooting so like we
didn't really plan on shooting a vlog
but just the fact that you took
initiative and like did stuff like nice
I don't have to like think like yeah
happens yeah that's nice so that was
like probably one of the biggest things
and then also that you color graded your
stuff yeah like most of the stuff that
came in were completely neutral and I I
like things that are perfected and
graded color yeah yeah yeah so that was
a big part of it and then we hung out
for what 12 hours nothing better than a
good old room service see this is
vegetarian yeah so then yeah then we
shot a vlog for a day um I flew to
Stockholm
you flew back and then I think I said
pretty much right away like let's do
this no you didn't he said like yeah it
feels nice but like okay a lot of guys
and stuff and so I was running a
production company in Bergen and I was
kind of like not taking on jobs because
of like not committing to anything cuz I
don't know you could call and be like
hey let's start tomorrow and then it
you couldn't skipper eight weeks so it's
like eight weeks of waiting like we
texted a bit like that's my niece and
stuff yeah cuz I didn't know like at
that point I'd broken my back so I
didn't know when I could ski again and
back then to me vlogging with skiing so
I'm like finally I think I'm like okay
I'm good to go like I'm like got it I
hope this Marcus guys still wants it
yeah so then I I think I texted you like
hey like you want a shirt still I'm like
yeah when we start yeah and then we flew
to Norway and we started shooting first
day was skiing yeah and then we showed a
video and then we're like what do we do
second day yeah then we went
oh yeah we did burritos were like oh
let's make a video yeah it was fun what
was the food and thought food and
thoughts yeah second video I got a lot
of you sexually yeah but in the
beginning it was doing really bad yeah I
know yeah so then we started shooting
and the best thing I think about you is
they you came in with the YouTube
knowledge like I was watching ski stuff
and that's like all like you make ski
vlogs and you're like no you got to
check out this like Casey nice that guy
and like yep then brown and fun to do in
like all these youtubers and I was very
uneducated because I it was like I was
living in a hole last 10 years so then
we started looking at that and I'm like
wow that's like pretty cool but every
day that seems like a lot of work yeah
and that's 218 18 days ago when we from
this yeah probably like to 21 or
something Lisa so yeah like that was
like the the whole start of everything
so we basically met each other for 12
hours and then we started making vlogs a
lot of people think we're brothers
friends like since we're child so yeah
yeah we just started and then I think
the reason that it works so well is that
I want to do everything really good but
I think you were almost even a step
higher than me like we're the same like
we want to do community good stuff wait
I want it like I want to list the five
things that I think are the best with
you let's see if I can come up with any
bad things number one uh you are
incredibly fast at editing yeah uh
number two you seem to be able to
maintain focus like forever like you
should have said a couple at least a
couple days in two hundred days like no
I'm tired like let's get today never
ever no of course not number three just
easy like not complicated like you know
that cuz a lot of people think like oh
you guys could argue a lot behind the
camera and all this stuff but I think
we're both fairly uncomplicated yeah and
you eat anything so food sanitation ah
sleep wherever and ya know but another
thing that I truly appreciate is that
you know even though I live in Monaco
and drive a Lambo Marcus has never ever
once like oh hey like I can get a nice
dinner or like whatever he will always
tell me to save money it's like hey
Marcus you want to
- no boy neat it's like not oh we got
bread at home and I'm like that's cool
like a lot of people you know get used
to nice things so that's something I
value a lot and then number five you
make freakin damn good video blogs nice
oh and six you taught me I had a fly
drone well I like the fact that you have
no respect and no fear for this drone
should I fly yeah of course
my third flight let's fly over the fjord
yep I'm sure you think it's a good idea
and taught me to not be afraid yeah and
go hard with the drill ah um we can go
seven five always positive always like
enjoying everything and sometimes when
I'm like you know - obsessed with
whatever he's like just relax like look
at your life like have fun yeah that's
good - like get it a little slap like a
reminder of your life sometimes yeah and
then negative things I don't know if I
can think of you're tall so you're
uncomfortable in the Lambo this is Mark
his first time in a Lambo and he's like
kind of a normal guy so the hole in the
roof I told mark is that all right we
might try this thing - Marbella and he's
like yeah cool and let he jumped in like
seriously he oh yeah like good things
he's a very good driver so I can just
like here's a Lambo like go ahead do
whatever you want
trying to think if there's anything else
can't even eat too much ice cream oh
yeah negative an ice cream monster my
life is complete that goes on the
negative side picture Oh
number three he doesn't drink coffee you
don't have a coffee buddy in the morning
really serious negative stuff sorry
about that
no but I think maybe that's what works
like I feel like a lot of people wonder
like how does it work when you're in
monocle and you have you and yon eat
soup in the bed Marcus on the couch like
isn't that like good morning how are you
guys
tire iron but no I think since we're all
sort of we all love to edit photos video
equipment and we're easy like it works
out they were old friends exactly like I
think I think if you would have a thumb
ER every day they weren't friends with
it wouldn't work like that would be a
problem
yeah a big problem I'm trying to think
what else like then you're good with
technical things so you can help me out
with whatever doesn't work for me
because I'm not technical like logging
into Skype and stuff on 10 whatever at
business ideas or product developments
or whatever your house are my house
Marcus brain is very analytical so his
inputs super valuable ah think that's
enough I think we should have a look at
some of the highlights that we've had
over the past two hundred and twenty
days where Marcus has been extra funny
hello Marcus time to wake up
markers we are in Oslo all right
how was your nap
no I'm good but you had a good backseat
to chillin
yes I think team overkill is trying to
kill itself team over do you think you
have magic fingers because this is what
I always happens to me this never
happens to me you can't carry skis you
can't start up a drone just let me
 fly exhaustion hour you're
almost halfway
this business we're great so Marisol
thank you thank you for her fingers pick
pursue precisely so far Marisol you're
doing a bad job get your together
Mex against what is wrong with you and
then do a backward this is not standing
well oh man
this feels so sketchy no it's not
sketchy we have a small we don't have a
strong once that oh crap
yeah then it's sketchy Oh since we are
talking about Marcus and like how does
things worked if you pay for everything
or la ba ba ba ba ba so the way we work
is that we have the channel and we have
a percentage of sort of everything we
make or everything that we could make
that we are saying no so yeah if
the channel does well we both do well
and I think that's the key to a good
business partnership yeah
slash friendship yes so yeah like yeah
so I pay for everything that we do and
then we have a percentage cut on you
have a bigger share yeah yeah so I sort
of yeah take the first expense and then
hopefully we both will I think it's a
fair and good deal John yeah no I think
it's it's good now I just want to do fun
things things that we can say that yes
this is cool
yeah sorry talking about funds things
ask Aria was fun yes I was like it was a
good day driving a racecar
I'm always petrified going in the
passenger seat
very scary oh yes yes do we have
anything else well I guess future plans
we have no plans
we're like aiming for world domination
making the best vlogs we possibly can
and we don't really have a long-term
plan and I think that as long as the
channel is doing well we'll continue
doing the locks
yeah if another one day plan yeah yeah
one day plan that's how we work um but
yeah for one year our goal is to make a
vlog every day and then after year we
are probably gonna keep doing what we do
but let's say that I go to Miami like I
am now and I'm not allowed to film from
7:00 in the morning until 7:00 at night
then we might take a day off now but
there aren't that many days like that in
a year so it shouldn't be a big
difference whatsoever but yeah I think I
mean if you guys have any questions just
hit him up in the comments and we'll try
to yeah I'll try to answer some comments
actually yeah and we think I think that
we should have Marcus more in front of
the camera because I like to film more I
like to build as well so yeah let's uh
it's a good balance let's just aim for
many more days to come and many more fun
adventures world domination
we are not synced enough to like and let
me do that yeah yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow and hope you enjoyed our little
different vlog today yep I enjoyed it
it's fun yeah me too
so uh chop no weren't we're in the
state's now remember and good night good
night have a great night guys
he's out I'm in Norway oh yeah
