good morning here from Miami good
morning
we did not plan to make a video today
because we had a pre-recorded video but
then we saw the Casey Neistat quit
vlogging it's not clickbait I really am
ending the blog and 90% of all my
comments are in regards to that so I
wanted to make a little video and say
what I think about what it's what
Casey's doing and why I think he's doing
the right thing I first heard about
Casey when I started working with Marcus
I really didn't know what daily vlogs
were and then Marcus showed me Casey's
voice on my daddy's cool he's making
like a interesting edit of a day where
you're doing nothing I was so used to
you know skiing in the blogs and trying
to do epic stuff to make it look cool so
when I saw that on my wow that is really
awesome and that I think is what started
our channel well took it from just ski
blogs to where we are today the reason I
think Casey did the absolute right
choice is because I've done similar
things in my life where you have a
perfectly working structure and you know
it feels like your life is set and then
you have an idea and ambition and it's
something you want to do and it's not
what you're doing so a good example for
me where I did something that is similar
to what Casey's doing now is that I was
one of the best freestyle skiers in the
world I won the X Games I won the US
Open and I you know making a lot of
money sponsorship wise we were winning a
lot of price purses and everything was
really good except I didn't feel
motivated by what I was doing and then
somewhere along the those lines I
started thinking like what if I start
ski racing and then about a year later I
found myself fully committed to ski
racing and I had quit freestyle skiing
because I wanted to achieve new goals of
course it was a bit scary in the
beginning to leave something that was
working and go towards something that
was completely unknown but I never
really care because sometimes it's more
fun to fight for something and try
something new than to succeed with
something that you have already
succeeded with I will miss his vlogs Vil
that's the only downside of him making
this decision because I love to one case
his channel if I feel like are
creativeness is down or motivation
whatever
maybe it's just nice to go on Casey and
then you just see like every single day
whatever he does he has the time to be
smart about getting the right angle and
like doing things right so we will miss
the vlog but I also know that if Casey
doesn't vlog every day the level of
stuff he can put out in the future would
just be on a whole other level so yeah
we miss out on the daily vlog but I
think pisode wise it's just going to be
amazing to see what he is going to be
able to put out I mean I've always said
that if I win a World Cup in ski racing
I'm gonna quit right there and then
because if I can achieve my goal and
stop when I'm at my peak that would be
the ultimate like I got there okay I'm
done kind of what Casey's doing here
he's like I just won the World
Championship in vlogging I'm done it's
that mentality that got him to where he
yesterday you know like it's impossible
to try to round it all up but there's so
many parts of his vlog that I just love
I love the curated Ness around
everything he does the amount of angles
he'll put up just to exit one room is
unbelievable
6:50 or in the morning the amount of
creative angles and solutions and
building things that he has is so cool
and then that's it
and then you have the way he breaks his
camera here this camera broke and
dropped the camera again totally broken
oh wow it's definitely broken and I just
dropped this camera and it landed on my
laptop and shattered the screen totally
broken Casey you got it now when you're
not vlogging daily Casey you should get
a more killer setup and try to go for
Kate with whatever you're doing because
you said it was impossible and that's
what got us motivated to look into it if
you're not John Olsen just ignore this
next part John how do you possibly shoot
your daily videos in 4k every day how is
this not just a huge pain in the ass so
now that you have time you can do it but
then you can't break the cameras the way
he just sends up the drone in the middle
of New York City flying where you're
absolutely not supposed to fly
how is he not in jail for where he flies
the drone Casey if you have any answers
to that I'll be happy to get some tips
on how to navigate through regulations
on where to fly drones like how does
this guy have
he must have 48 hours in a day that is
the only solution to how Casey is able
to do what he does because there's no
doubt that he deserves all of the credit
and appreciation that his channel has
gone I just passed 1 million subscribers
1 millionth subscriber YouTube video 2
million Wow
3 million 3 million subscribers to 4
million that I got to 5 million I mean
we got to 5 million so yeah I guess in
in the end it's all about being
committed and then being smart and then
trying to stay on top of things
throughout the whole day like you can
sit at night and say I'm going to be
creative tomorrow but then when you
shouldn't talk the whole day you got to
have that mindset with you throughout
every single shot it's so easy just to
grab that simple shot ok that's fine and
that's something that sort of me and
Marcus sometimes struggle with that
we'll shoot what we're doing but then
we're like wait let's slow down our day
and make sure that we have the time to
do things right so that's something that
we're working on to not stress as much
so we can be creative and like do cool
stuff because we want to make an epic
epic movie every single day but
sometimes I'm just dressing too much so
with that said I wish Casey all the best
for the future I can't wait to see what
he's going to put out and I'm going to
keep an eye on his channel and I'm sure
everyone else will do the same because I
think everyone wants to see what he can
do now when he has more time - no
pressure Casey but with this set I've
seen so many case he comments like hey
he came here for Casey and I like the
channel and I'm like you came here for
Casey then we better step it up and try
to do even better work so with that said
we are going to go and continue our
secret mission I hope you guys enjoyed
it and all the best of Casey in the
future I can't wait to see what he's
coming up with but for now over and out
from Mar Bay up and I'll see
yes my bed no no we're in Miami Dipper
thank you yeah over and out from Miami
we will see you guys in two days
real time so ciao ciao from my hand
Bobby why don't you see my bail
