you
come on guys Oh what those were well
doesn't sue oh good morning good morning
I think we got inspired by Henrik
yesterday I'm on the watch is called
chimney
yeah getting the good deal yep I'm gonna
come down two seconds what good morning
yeah well good morning I've been I have
so inspired yesterday oh my god alarm
5:30 get to work
yeah so what are we doing today yachts
private planes like we don't have any of
that plan today just no good old regular
day working working out that's not what
I sign up for in April you're getting to
spoil yeah sorry yeah you should have
seen us like two years ago we we
struggled quite a lot yeah good morning
some like ice slopes we had an old
Guyardo
oh yeah so boring know that let's try to
forget about yesterday yeah or maybe use
the motivation from it I think that'd be
a good thing so yeah we're gonna do that
and then we have four or five videos to
do six actually six yes just a lot a lot
of work but we have energy and
motivation and yannis comes in an hour
so let's keep on one more set and then
we're good to go for more work and
getting done hustling for come on Oh
Scott I was the work going it's going
really really good okay we're good okay
work harder work yes you got you're just
pretending come on stop the dummy
stop pretending is yeah what is he doing
I don't know else to sleep for that nice
book Richard come on uh he was waiting
for Instagram uh yeah hello Yanni
Richard Webster Blaine I was dreaming I
was owning a plane and I was like a
billionaire yeah I want to fly more me
too
let's fly more I think the 5:30 I'm like
hello you I am surprised for you and
surprised me
whoa I gave Richard a white face people
art and then I had the you since I stole
it and I forgot you back thanks and now
super thanks oh yeah a special camel
that's good nothing is good if we are
going and then we do that sounds like a
plan
yeah we just have a two-hour meeting
with rebuilding this place now we've
been talking about it forever now it's
time to start slamming walls like nah we
gotta get let me say yes here's a
counter and luckily and Richard here as
well so he's got a bit more experienced
construction wise than I do
yep I think he's leaving that where you
see the live yeah when are we gonna get
a ride in the car maybe later today yeah
maybe we'll try to shoot some photos on
that now try it go have to go to the gym
and pick up Philip and million thanks
for the help no problem a lot of details
everything for you you it's okay when
you need to construct the car I have all
the knowledge in the world yeah I'm
really serious about rebuilding my both
car nice like go nuts on a golf car and
I'm like I don't even know what to do
with do it I'm gonna do it
total car gonna make it for me so tell
me what your ideas because I'm curious
because I looked at the golf car mark
what do you do with it wide body and do
a lot of things low rate wide body
straight pipes well when you have the
idea let me move your engine yeah miss
you have the same golf cart as I have so
if you do it that's gonna like cut a
hole in my bank account to go easy on it
okay will you see you soon Joe we come
by after shooting okay great
charge up you what did you do I have a
sweat stain on my belly why me - why
what wait oh god we were just sitting up
here where we were working on one of the
walks that we're gonna do in the States
I don't think it's gonna be really funny
yo uh that's done architects done emails
done Yanni's here life is Gucci yeah
life would be better with 48 hours in a
day but we're doing pretty good now this
year
it's November in Marbella this is what I
signed up for son and private jets yeah
my foot is sleeping yes cause mine
we're both sweating on the belly and the
food is sleeping yeah like that was a
long ball take my wife sure sure I
grabbed the tripod yeah thanks we got
the long lens pick up the trash we have
everything
we're headed to have a photo shoot it's
like the perfect production house work
all day
shoot all afternoon and take the trash
out yep let's do it
feels almost a bit sad that I was
actually thinking I'd get on the back
some so you wouldn't have to be the
trash man okay so I can drive yeah
nice run run run you know we have like
20% battery who did not charge the golf
car no we don't have battery then we
have a major issue um okay let's solve
this off-camera solved it solved it I'm
gonna go with yani do two errands and
then we're gonna try to figure out how
to continue shooting yeah who's gonna
have the camera um you grab the camera
see what's going on here
yep I'll be right back you need your
passport maybe I do that sometimes it's
hard to organize everything
we'll see it a little but
why
mark is the model in the jungle and ol
scar the photographer on the ground The
Magicians the production house in full
swing yes good job build it every single
day
Michael good jump BAM nice to have a
photo wall on your house right that's
what happens when you don't charge the
batteries of a car yeah who who who did
that I don't know I think it's you
I think whatever happens not me it's not
me I got a game here a face in the Sun a
bit more that there we go
details portrait half buddy lady half
body steady half buddy full buddy I
think this is actually turning out
pretty cool Instagram husband nail
I'm as long in white what blog wife here
I think it seems easier to be a vlog
wife and a blog husband do ya because
all you have to do it as a vlog
wife is be happy like smile to the
camera
where's I have to like do something yeah
I have to perform Yanni only has to do
the princess pose you gotta come out
dated yesterday on the shoot there you
go
did you yeah I'm so proud of you but I
was a princess yesterday
I'm proud princess castle nice I feel
pretty happy with these pictures again
you know how usually I'm just skeptical
yep always because I want to perform
geikie Korea's ready we're really
following what we said yesterday about
work like six times as hard it's been
sick five thirty non-stop God if not a
vlog was enough it's like a vlog and
then five commercials come on let's go
you know I read some comments about
yesterday's video yeah I saw that too I
think I think we have a problem
there's no dick in there there's no T no
it's a shadow I don't know like we
actually asked Jessica like a circuit
ring and she's like we have a super
yacht we have a blade and it also fog
and all you guys focus on this that's
not even there we always have four
minutes of light
it's how we work so no you don't even
have to stress but I'm gonna miss all
this this whole photo crew yep
we should you you guys want to come on
team overkill travel take photo
he's a make the photo great in game
stronger yeah we do but not we shoot and
then have yesican organise us make sure
we're not mess up hard yeah this is a
rock I don't know is it a rut the syrup
I don't know you want to wrap up yes you
guys are a prissy rat no it's a rats
what happens when you have photo crazy
people that looks like it we got it
Bauer keep shooting yeah but I need to
pack up my gear yes what's for dinner
tonight
ruff burger it's a run raps hi or incan
what I wasn't I
let's put I tie this let's go home or
your time gosh honey seemed fine or is
it ramen we're not in Thailand maybe so
uh do you uh know that something where's
next no you're not ending the vlog oh
she's trying to vlog it yeah oh sure
no just get the camera out of her face
yeah let's get it in your face like I
mean Big Brother house you're in Big
Brother house okay you stood I was
wondering that was I dropped all the
matches my megamat shit yeah I just
heard something like holds that because
that caught on fire I wasn't sure
whether I was gonna I wanted to like
make more fire it's so nice because like
this house doesn't really have any it
doesn't have any heating so you kind of
have to use the fireplace
yeah which is awesome super cozy five
places makes house nicer should we end
the whole like I feel like we are not
going to do anything work with me who's
gonna end it haha
yeah me and the block oh you're just
yeah
yeah we better look hot naked okay I
have a robe and a face mask on okay so
it's time to end the vlog ciao from our
baya see you tomorrow chop
