you
good morning guys team work here what's
up if only I had got so much work with
now that crazy camel bag went off so
insane yeah
so in 12 hour 24 hours we sold out in
here a couple left I think there's what
20 left in the states is it yeah Chris
really really fun having a great morning
but yeah we got so inspired that we have
so many new plans now yeah now we got to
make new more a new musicians yep so
that's sort of what we've been working
on this morning and now I'm going to
jump in the car and drive down at the
airport I'm just off just fly to
Stockholm for meeting by on a Friday
morning so yeah I should probably do
that late as usual
so yeah I will grab the camera okay and
then I'll be back in a little you're
good to go
do you want to drive I got to do some
phone meetings racer Yanni yep and we
got the cup of noodles for morning
breakfast great right breakfast of
champions
yep
I'm gonna park here ball down babe
Thanks I'm gonna miss you well good luck
on the photo shoot and all of us me and
the viewers will see you on Friday
so I'm gonna spin back home to Marcus
all right
see you soon come on guys oh why didn't
no one answer their phones I had to walk
up no one opened the gate for me I
called Oscar and Marcus damn you lazy
bastards thought we were discussing here
that if I was a viewer and we constantly
heard us talking about work and we're
doing this we're doing that and I know
I've seen like a million comments like
what does this guy do actually do for a
living and like do we actually work hmm
so uh since we're here working with
douchebags I wanted to talk about sort
of where we started the company where we
are today and sort of how I made that
you know a big part of my life and being
able to do that means that we can be
free to do vlogs and travel the world
and we're still building a company so I
want to start from the beginning because
I am a skier at heart and we started a
company because I didn't think there was
any good ski bags so a little quicker I
made a mini demonstration Center yeah so
for ten years I traveled the world with
ski bags like this we're trip not too
close so we show what brand it is I
don't want to trash talk I love brands
so basically when we traveled you always
have these huge bags and when you
carried your skis if you had ski stoer
maximum length the bag would stay stiff
but if you had shorter skis they became
like a banana so I wanted to figure out
how to have a better ski bag that would
say stiff and small when you don't use
it so after a couple years of testing
and fixing we designed this douche bags
first-ever product the douche bag the
ski bag it's called the douche bag it's
called the douche bag so quick
demonstration to what makes it good is
that you're all it together so when
you're not skiing it doesn't take up
your whole story then you want to go
skiing can you do that let me see how my
TV shop um display skills are you open
it up I just set up her skis here with
no bindings then put them in so they are
nice and flat and then that's the beauty
but bag then you roll it up so that you
have the bag perfectly adjusted for the
length of your skis cuz then your bag is
always stiff and you never have the
banana ring up tight in the back so this
means that it works just as well for a
ski racer as it does for snowboarder did
you do that then tighten these and you
have an extremely light 100% stiff back
which makes Airport and like navigating
through a small hotel rooms way quicker
so that was like the start of the
company that's what got people stoked on
it then we ended up doing bigger bags
and backpacks and all this but the one
problem was always the add more bags
needed hands so then we created this
hook up system the warm the worm that we
like to do so that way I can just roll
around like this and you can tell attach
multiple bags we started with a ski bag
went into bags and now we have like 20
new secret stuff over there prototypes
so first bag was sold online five years
ago in Citra first of January right so
five years ago we started we I think we
made 500 ski bags we thought they were
super kick-ass but looking back the
quality of the material wasn't where it
is now so it's been fun to like I
started with trolls we met surfing in
Norway and we started it as a two-man
team and then the team has grown and we
are now how many full-time and please
alright I got to ask Jessica for all
that like numbers and stuff yeah with
like hiring three or four more and with
with the success of the camo bag we just
have to order a camel person alone
so yeah that's just a short little run
through um I love products and I love to
have an idea in my head and I figure out
what can we do to make it better so my
main part is to like
for the vision of the company like what
direction are we going are we going full
like hiking sports style or are we going
like mega high-fashion and I'm trying to
find like where I think we have the
biggest potential and also what I like
and then I love to work with product the
science I do a lot of product briefs and
I'm not a master of Photoshop but I do a
lot of the designs for the red bull bag
with the camel pattern making sure the
camel bowls are in the sights that I
want to know this stuff
um so super fun so it's like a hobby
turned into a job but in terms of like
getting rich I don't take any money out
of douche bags every profit that we make
is being put back into the company to
help it grow and then eventually
hopefully one day someone's gonna say
hey I want to buy your company then
you're gonna say yes Richard told me to
so always someone you can sell no we
don't want to sell now because we're
having too much fun but yeah in the
future baby that's like one part of that
we do and then of course we have the
vlog and everything but then I think we
can talk about more stuff later let's
swim come back in a little and then we
can talk about a couple other things we
do yeah but I love this like it's truly
my hobby and if your hobby is your work
it's usually good life goals commitment
level extreme I think that's that's
typical June like he's crazy to shoot
but as soon as he got his ideas he yeah
he gets it going yeah his idea is
swimming yeah in the cold water in the
cold pool something's wrong with him
yeah yeah having this in between emails
it's the best you could ever do
hello there
you teach me that habits Bonjour the
door that's what happens when you bring
two Norwegians in a golf car yeah we our
team girls are photo crazy film team
grows stronger by the day
yeah every single day I like so now we
shoot yeah and you have home key and
golf key yes then I say we're good I
don't know where my sunglasses one on
the car Oh
perfect okay then we are good let's go
then let's go find locations and make
some magic first location dun dun
efficiency this is like the best
production vehicle ever yep we thought
we get the shot no big bro you have mr.
Previn
okay next one
we're back in the epic stairs yeah I
love we got stairs we got the Sun on
lockdown and we're actually not too late
for once I say you go grab a bag my turn
to shoot and you turn to be in front of
the camera is it yeah okay fine long
lens vlogging long less vlogging and I
am dressed in a ski suit the flares
though you're gonna love this shot it's
all about the flares like your face is
like filled with flares you know what
it's all about it's all about a small
tight crew that can move fast and get a
lot of different things into seconds
yeah and close-ups with the long lens
I'll agree as soon as I'm out of the ski
jacket they're going skiing you know
where you got to get to the shop we
missed yesterday by the palm trees okay
no skiing in Marbella just photos just
flares I'm guessing you're dealing with
now yep okay we're good to go team
production ten minutes it's ready to
roll let's go
reduce power the turtle is on are we
gonna make it we're not going 14 km/h
and I don't know if we're going to make
it 12 11 10 9 hold the steering wheel
actually place the car here and then
we'll take the other car off the sunset
yeah yeah we're in come on Oscar are you
can do it come on go go go go go go
snow the Sun is setting
I'm guessing we have four minutes up
there cuttin it close
left a man right I'm gonna park right
there at the white gravel right here
Park young-sun suigetsu Drive it's gone
oh my how about you grab the long list
and then we'll jump on this
you
you
the Sun is setting the Sun has that
brusse I made it on time got cool shots
I hope you guys can forgive us for Shawn
pictures yeah you're the photographer
today yeah like and not the model I
would kill can we hire models for the
next shoot so I don't have to be model
at all looks like it was shot more than
meet city I did like shooting please
move out obviously do that that's my
next profession is it photographer well
yeah I mean I probably won't get paid I
think you're good it wouldn't be any
Lambo driving but I'd love it let's go
home home first cuz we have another
meeting going on in like seven minutes
yeah did you see what the Gardiners does
this morning what come show me oh
they're like eight you want the
watermark oh thank you
nice great surprise by the way I think a
lot of people wonder how do you afford
to drive a Lambo we only see you chillin
and swinging in the pool and jumping
cliffs
so we're call that today's question yeah
cuz I feel like people always I see in
the comments like wait who's this guy
how can you to bake him a Lambo so I
don't like to talk about money but his
were 24/7 with you guys I would say the
reason that I can drive a Lambo is
because I was a pro skier for 15 years
with sponsorship money and I was pretty
good at working with the sponsors so
that is probably where most of my income
has come from and then of course with
douche bags that is probably my sort of
best business thing I've done because in
the pace that we're growing hopefully
that can become a company that's worth a
lot of money yes that's kind of my
strategy that we do YouTube now cuz that
is a first of all we love filming so
that way we have a reason to film
everything it also gives us a bit of
income so that I can focus on growing
douchebags so one day when we can sell
it you know I get a become you can
retire yeah oh well I could I'm never
gonna retire I say I always say I'm
gonna retire soon and relax but you're
not gonna do it I know you know as soon
as I have an empty inbox in the email
I'm like what do we start now what is it
you just started another company and
then you started another in March as
well yeah so what my brain tells me
can be sweet if I could just wake up
nothing to do but that's not who I am so
I hope that gives a little clarity and
sort of everything that we did not buy a
lamb before you two money no not at all
no and since we say no to pretty much
all collaborations because we want to do
good stuff that we could be making a
hell of a lot more on YouTube but we
like to do things we like yes good team
yeah I like this team i me too but now I
should I should check where it's yes so
that we can design some merch yes and
that is also regarding the team we are
making merch we are making merge so
we're gonna work on the designs and
that's coming soon oh we have something
yani inspired for March oh that's some
interesting tip Hinton so with that said
I think that we're gonna run that
meeting for quite a while so I say we
end the vlog here now without Johnny
well you she's not here yeah she would
be here Joe say yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow
hope you enjoyed today we did yes over
now from my rail chuck
