and good morning money from Monaco we're
trying to stand here and do an intro but
the Sun is really strong in our eyes
yeah so it's like really really bright
but it's nice that the Sun came out
house had some doubts this morning but
it's nice to be back in Monaco even
though there was no Canada trip it was a
quick trim to Amsterdam but then I got
to hang out with Yanni and we have a
little surprise
I jumped behind the camera okay cuz
Yanni has a ring on her finger but I
don't have a ring and in Sweden we have
engaged my rings
exactamente so I'm gonna let you percent
my ring this is the box and it's another
box inside the box and then we have the
ring a Cartier ring will you marry me of
course that was my love good
I wasn't even nervous we're gonna put it
on
and it fits perfectly oh yeah so yeah
in Sweden we have engagement rings and
now I have one on it was really hard to
find one because I wanted something a
little different but not too crazy and
then I'd like the screws on this cocky
Emma that's the only one I saw before so
that's why we thought it was a great
idea so now we are officially engaged
engaged feels good and what else is good
is that we're in Monaco and we were
gonna have like a couple steak do things
like normal couple do like fix
apartments and organize organize just
live the normal life for a second we
like that as well but now my eyes yeah
we're gonna go inside and join us today
is it happening
the paintings that's been sitting on the
bench is now going up on the wall
because today we are handy couple how's
your handy skills they're usually pretty
good but this I've never tried never you
know how to do it
Vickers I know how to put stickers my
dad was called tape awesome cuz he loved
to put tape on everything and I am no
different
no problem this is gonna be like charm
and our living rooms gonna be epic and
then we know how to do everything in the
new house that looks mighty nice 1,000%
perfect because it's all ready to push
through the wall so you can't change
trying to vlog while being a couple
trying to put up a straight painting
equals two focused human beings but I
think we succeeded yeah we did we're
doing everything for you guys we are all
right step to these lovely ones
someone was asking where this one was
from I saw that in the comments the
moustache lady
it's from death say knee you this Enya
yeah
initiating phase two this wall
look at that two paintings on the wall
and zero fights for anything for that uh
what's happening
Christmas Yanni is in action Oh perfect
so nice
no have been sexually pretty Dolly's
sick do you want to roll down that guy
wow so cool see how nice it's actually
it's nicer in reality than then on the
good old camera yeah sighs oh it's
terrible it is much better really I
don't know it's not like giving us love
look what a homely couple we are yeah
I'm not gonna think as I will destroy
the song but this is nice
I'm happy we're just saying like we were
walking around let me grab this guy up
here
what an awful Hornet here here today I'm
having but it's fun like we're saying
yesterday we're walking around in Monaco
just having lunch spending time around
people looking at shops do normal stuff
and we said it's nice to do a little bit
of normal things as well not just travel
and do crazy stuff so we can appreciate
this as well no we have a couple more
things today but this was step one
complete so next up on our normal day
here in Monaco is going to do something
that I haven't done in like ten years
you haven't when was the last time you
did this probably 10-15 years ago yeah
we're trying to take it all in and like
really do you know the Christmas stuff
Christmas holiday normal stuff yeah
although
Sun and palm trees are not normal for
Christmas come join us see what we do
that we haven't done in ten years
because I'm coming
no he's terrible at texting and Fuhrman
same time moody master up oh you ready
for this
I suck at ice-skating oh yeah he just
revealed so he just revealed what we're
gonna do
let's go look at the monocle it was
secret oh no we were getting after we
agree yeah I was gonna try not to look
that right hey look at this
Donnie has your ice skating skills
professional Wayne Gretzky repair oh my
gosh
I hope they're short they're supposed to
be real tight
it's called ski schematic you're
supposed to close them like deadly tight
so you don't can't so you can't feel
your feet I'm trying to remember last
time I wore pair of these aim for it now
look at this look at the team looking
mighty good right
your Swedish see that did you see that
little skirt
easy easy there tiger
how can you be so good come on
good
it's so fun so hard though I can't
remember how hard it was
it's hard to remember
I feel real real wobbly but it's fun
team Monaco Christmas a little bit of
Sun flare yeah your view from the ice
rink and the Tivoli and out of control
friends okay team mandatory like all the
Keisuke ice skating high five all the
kids were looking at us like those guys
are amazing especially you and Yin was
like going backwards looking hot
oh we should have been doing this on ice
yeah oh that was a good fresh pair
you're gonna keep continuing the whole
take Cindy honey home fixing now
so we're continuing with home fixing we
are because we're gonna make this place
even nicer because we are working on
maturing in life and to say this is so
nice
see we're even using the light so we
don't have to turn on the light so you
can keep the feeling of this here it's
what I something I bought today the
phantom speaker is it called phantom or
Debian it is the brand and Fanta mr.
speaker and apparently this is supposed
to be the best like wireless speaker you
can get it's like a so no system times
like 50 that's what Benny told me I
trust Benny Benny knows his uh things
that's like a big camera a futuristic
does this look nice yeah I know you like
that copper rose gold it is heavy
usually heavy things are good things
what is the sound coming from
what like it says it's alive so if this
works it means this is the simplest
easiest thing to use ever because I can
never get things to work okay I think I
figured it out and if I did I'll be
surprised because I never figure
anything out that is the honest truth
nothing ever works when I try it but I
think I got it
they're gonna think it's a cinnamon here
we have music on YouTube in the phone
we can bring this lorry train
a little bit of KY go on some phantom
action nice this is the first like
electronic speaker thing that I bought
plugged and it's working yeah high-five
alien no phantom
so yeah that's uh you know we have now
we have paintings we have sound the only
thing we're missing now is belying the
food in the belly and I have invented a
new upgraded burrito
so let's go cook burritos hey Tess hey
chef hey you people today we're gonna do
a quick little super fantastic dinner
ittle bit of quickest best dinner you've
ever made
definitely chicken we have some
mushrooms red pepper onion garlic always
good a little bit of green pepper left a
little bit of broccoli feta cheese
Gruyere cheese sesame seeds began to
decay and black pepper and herb Provence
very important pine nuts pine nuts with
love so cheesy
yeah and then we have little taco boats
and let this rap and most importantly be
ESS mule chef time Yanni like three
minutes to put in the cinnamon yeah this
is the best with the sir dish it is so
quick and it is quite a blur I love the
pre-made chicken yeah it is absolutely
amazing and I'm sorry if you follow this
YouTube channel to see cool cars and
extreme stuff but today we are just
living normal life and this dish is
actually worth sharing you put it on
with the skin and everything with the
skin end because look at this when
you're pushing it shoots it and spreads
it nicely
pepper
always clean during cooking
that's when you have the good color
that's what I like to have the sesame
oil and then I also add the finest time
I love tiny pine nuts are so fun
destinated then we have here Porter moi
they're poor Yanni and what I like to do
with the feta very important you crush
it because that way you don't have the
big chunks now you give it a little bass
with feta a little bit of cheese at the
bottom vegetable mix coming in hot to
apologize for the prettiness of this one
Yanni and I mean I would want to say
that we started cooking seven minutes
ago yeah they're not more feta cheese
sesame season then finish off a little
bit Wow if one up press it
voila voila voila we have our food we
have the Phantom Rock canal
we have Johnny's nice lights hey things
still hanging on the wall so I'd say a
pretty successful day yeah
but now I am starving like a crazy
person so we're just gonna say good
night and ciao and we'll see you real
soon again guys I hope it's okay with a
little bit of cooking we do live a
normal life from time to time and I
really wanted to share this amazing dish
so put the recipe in the description Wow
Chow canarios from team cooking only
living couple
