what do you always get the cool bags I'm
so jealous
good morning by the way good morning
yeah I saw that some people saw that in
the car
that is a Red Bull athlete edition so
only forever athletes which is fun to
have to send your special yeah so not
for sale you don't have to ask yeah yeah
fun companies like Red Bull what it be
things with us a few fans yes
so new bag new plan new city we are from
our beta for five days for douchebags
meetings yep and that's the plan but I
gotta run and get some stuff out of the
car before we go okay oh okay yeah I'll
fix all them thanks with us okay yes
I miss it better okay see beaucoup house
hello
perfect thank you so much thank you
every single time not every single time
this we're always late but every time we
have time yes
what are you having mr. ah no sandwich
I'll be the jalapenos
hello breakfast yeah I haven't had
anything yet I wish they could change
then the best juice they have is sex me
up it's like whenever I'm here with
Johnny she's like any order I don't want
to go to the guys to say can I have a 6
p.m. yeah I can see that so yeah let's
kill this thing and get going and get
going yeah but we have so much time nice
50k views on the channel congratulations
50k or 50 million 50 double K 50 double
K with the double v Amelia nice that's
nice that's coming along
let's celebrate know what do we know and
we don't celebrate when you want to
celebrate 1 billion I like a hundred mil
that could be like a mini celebration
and then a million subs ok and then a
billion views
yeah that'd be a big celebration now
that's nice it is right trick the mill
good number
yeah let's go for tea tomorrow course
let's see do we have 23 a 43 B okay nice
sitting together for once
Ali I don't understand anything you're
working on your French you're gonna move
to Monaco now so am I sure
yeah I mean if we get kids we can't have
Marcus leave beyond the county no
there's burning one that wanted to call
them are gonna kiss we are not getting
kids yeah yeah yeah
maybe like six months
I'm too much traveling
transferring folk over here yeah say
over here
Paul I got 1600 helium for you so then
it sit down let's go for walks you can
find a camera store no what do you mean
camera store yep we fail where the
cameras yesterday ok if you want to look
Gilad a7s2 now one bubble close enough
no a 7 I Sarah know the secret find a
bird no cameras today we're gonna keep
on trying I don't like to order on our
lives I like to try yes food and jail
well let's see if they have a loan
I like lay overs that was actually our
really really really nice lounge yeah
most as good as Zagreb soccer oh it's
our ahem
shouts I grow split split always split
yes oh yeah that was a nice lunch really
ice but it's hard to vlog in there
because everyone's so silent and it's
like you say anything like weird oh my
god
do you remember what no no how many days
so we've been on airports by the way
feel like we travel 24/7 yes as we
started since we started vlogging we're
probably what been on airports 30 days
through 210 probably it's quite a few
we're trying to minimize it because I
know that looking at the window of a
plane every day is not that exciting so
we're looking at our schedule trying to
do smarter planning takes a minute like
even though you're doing nothing when
you're flying it still takes a ton of
energy from you yeah so yeah we're
trying to grow up and be smart and set a
schedule where we get to see million
things but
travel quite as much as beer and I'm
saying this now flying to Malaga today
and then flying over to Miami for two
days on Friday
Miami's work for two days yeah that I
have to go and then back to Monaco five
days and then Indonesia yes
so yeah little it's hard it's like we
have the opportunity to travel so much
and it's really hard to say no to it
because I want to see all these places
and do all these things and then you
have to juggle
I need like someone needs to have like
supersonic planes we can just like go
fast it's get to places but then there
would be any there wouldn't be any time
for me to be rural out the window like
my high life yeah
shooting hero but I wasn't that fun to
shoot b roll in the grey and we had this
window that made everything really flat
not yeah
brussels airline you need to start
washing your window fingers crossed for
a high-contrast window on this plane yes
high contrast let's go now that is 100%
grey like let's just get b-roll and spin
to wherever we find Sun okay no we
missed it we said we wouldn't film until
we got Sun but damn it it's like almost
sunny yes I yes some of them but now we
are in Malacca and I am finally gonna
get to see Yanni again nice this is
awesome yep so I see if I go pick up the
bags and then look for Yanni
oh she's picking us up I think so yes
nice maybe Richard
oh hey Jana Marcus how are you good how
are you I'm good good good unless this
hello hello long time no see
yes nice to be back in my beer nice to
have your duck you work on the front yep
home sweet home
nice it's too dark young yeah no
everything's our home sweet home
yeah well one of the 9,000 homes we
haven't like a year
feels good to be back here I want to
make a fire yeah but we need to cut the
wood tomorrow okay I'm in but see how a
Norwegian Viking you're cutting wood so
yeah yeah what else what else is up do
you want to say ciao eonni ja nope yeah
come on hey what uh Wayne us noches I'm
back
we got ya for two days and since she's
back and I am a senior in a week I say
we say good night a little bit shorter
vlog today but that's what happens
sometimes
yeah I don't know if it is shorter you
guys yeah who knows who knows tomorrow
yes it is the length it is but right now
young in Trump's blog good so where does
not just from like as noches adios
