good morning
it is now 6 a.m. and I'm not sure to
hold the camera straight there we go
some 6 a.m. and today we thought we
would shoot every over on the hour of
the whole day so I am starting right now
as you can see I woke up like 10 seconds
ago and I'm pretty tired so I'm gonna
come back at 7
after 8 and a little bath so yeah let's
check out what a full day usually looks
like for us
so this is a debauch and I've had a
pretty good email stint I've had two
hours of dealing emails that I have to
do and then I am finally had the time to
sit down with the thing about starting a
new company for the last little well the
last few months and today we went for it
so it was a good morning and I love
Saturdays because then there's you know
no one else is awake so then you can
work in without getting interrupted but
yeah that's eight o'clock coffee email
studying new companies and basically
just trying to get done was that a
life sign from over there yes it is now
nine o'clock and I've been trying to be
silent filming myself so I wouldn't wake
you up trying to show everyone a little
bit what we do in the morning I see yeah
I do emails I'm productive yeah I have a
today's question here at 9 o'clock okay
good morning by the way good for take oh
ok if I was a viewer I would wonder why
does not Marcus not have sheets when
he's sleeping on the couch I thought we
went down and got those the other week
no we just thought about it no I
remember holding sheets in my hat but
then I always fall asleep before you
fall asleep so then we should probably
arrange that yeah we're leaving tomorrow
so whatever when you have a problem just
deal with it later
Oh jump to wake up
good lord monocle good move again yes ah
that's enough
oh yeah oh no oh yeah yes mom I'm gonna
make some breakfast you want that thing
orange juice in baguette Oh breakfast
taser and also a bit of chocolate look
at the esic you can do so now we're
shooting now you make me breakfast I
mean yeah you usually make breakfast
that's true now we'll just pretend this
is everyday mega mercy we should do
every hour on the hour
more often if I get breakfast enough yep
oh hello there yes there's a lot of
hello going on the roaring
so far in three minutes I've seen and
and so at 40 and 50 and and so yes crazy
I'm sure they'll come back it is time
for a movie premiere this is that time
again yes
hit me up see this is the best time of
the day is it yeah because I go to bed
early you stay up and then when I wake
up then you have movie premiere yes
so I'm like the viewers right now it
enjoyed merci beaucoup serious movie
premiered on yes do you think I like it
it's different but now it's time for me
to get dressed for me get out of this
apartment dip but very very nice yes
just astonishing the vlog in then
uploading something true that yeah we
got it done we yes we go
yes
yeah we're spicing it up here going out
for lunch that's nice yeah it's nice to
come out of it
make sure you complete super fell the
mission complete super failed I want to
go play with the Sony happy so I know
they had it before
hey 7s2 yeah so next up Sarah yeah we
need more stuff to wear what are you
looking for I am looking for t-shirts
inspired Thanks
I think it looks like one of your
Instagram pictures it does right are you
gonna get it of course
perfect let me have any by the gangster
code again he's through coat yeah well
father gank oh okay yeah happy well the
ball or gangsta code I want to fight
sweaters I found three t-shirts classic
they're not winning still something
still I know cold mother for like a
couple more days you know what I realize
we have a nun through the ski box yet we
have to do that yes we do
all right thank you
fun fact of today it's the team overkill
it's overkill they only have one
computer charger that is taped up and
three computers how did that happen
you lost yours yeah but where's the
third one
no one knows no we're gonna do ah now
we're going to do some work
once this thing powers up and then we
should probably get a charger yes
Oh
what what are you doing I am done
working and now I am obsessing over
lenses for the 25th full day in a row
but since April yeah and we have the our
friend who works at like knows
everything there is to know and I asked
him about this lens that I found on Mike
this is such a sick glance I loved it
he's like yeah but it's really hard to
get ahold of like you have to have
connections I like to have connections
like yeah I do
like ok cool Mike how much is it yeah
then between 20 and 60 grand per labs
and we need like three then I said oh
probably most hey ok so if we talk
glances we should probably bring up the
little teaser we put out on Instagram I
don't think so let's wait a couple more
days
yeah but I was just gonna say that we
put out a teaspoon we're gonna say
anything more about it
yep yes nice I say we continue with this
and then we could check back in an hour
see you in and I'll I had plans dinner
plans to Mauer you're gonna like it
do you get chicken wings alright thank
you so much bye bye
pizza party yes and Jordans here yeah
hello back in the vlog exactly yeah nice
to see again your nan thing ya know can
you we need to paint some stuff we need
to paint more okay can we pay camera
lenses and stuff - yeah I mean I think
they'd be too expensive to take the
reason right now you why it's cool cuz
no one else does it
yep
whose fault is this
Oh yours no it's 100% your fault because
before you arrived there was no Nutella
pizza and ice cream and that kind of
stuff
before April before April boy and now
you're a Nutella lover no I'm an addict
I'm gonna go to sleep I'm gonna add it
all I'll see if I'm awake for the next
hour depends if no knows I'll see you
guys tomorrow okay
I'm sure Marcus will have a couple more
hours to say hi yeah I want to see him
good again hello you're supposed to edit
that night I am anything I'm looking at
fans as well yeah and I can't sleep
because I'm laughing it is just oh here
he goes come on George if you try for
like 15 times
oh this is just acting this is the best
entertainment you could possibly at our
gorilla sleep at our compilation of
phase
1:17 speed editing oh it is time to say
good night
ciao I've let you comment
