Marcus come look at this what is it
it is a Liberty walk Aventador that is
pretty loud that it's waking us up whoa
nice
no that's that's a good alarm clock
right yeah we should probably say good
morning good morning good morning for
Monaco and
I woke up I'm like I gotta go out and
check it
nice now that's that's one way to wake
up yeah how did they manage to make it
so loud that was the loudest car I've
seen in Monaco in a while yeah I would
say they removed the catalytic
converters and then put an IP IP II
exhaust on it
okay that would be my professional
opinion super mega loud I love it we are
not as loud with our humble Huracan yeah
so quiet now email alright
oh yeah ready I'm super ready first
morning in a long time where we actually
got to like breathe and not stress
somewhere it's life
now it's time we're gonna go clean the
car because when I Drive a car we don't
we just drive and then it ends up be
messy summer is hanging on it is it's
better to have full winter or cold
summer so when you think of building in
Monaco I think a couple things are
important of course the department
everything but the fact you can stop
right outside the building and the
garage right here yeah
very important yeah plus we where'd you
park your cars from you're Michael we
just public parks them here in the
public garage so far it's been good to
me all the way good huh
the car is really dirty it is I almost
forgot to put the lifting system now
when you cruise around and you have it
lifted you look like such a cool view
the other lifting system on your car you
have to take it down before you park the
car okay otherwise just looks ugly
can you see that there but since the 3e
like dot dot dot and then you see the
fuel meter up there yeah
dead dead dead
absolutely thought oh crap that's what
always happens when I Drive Paul you
know well lucky let's do it
yeah washing cars just like Washington
your soul I was cleaning this morning
and when we left last time I was like
next time I kind of Monaco I'm gonna
keep it clean and nice the whole time
and not just clean when I leave it makes
you feel good
what's the white stuff you spray it on
the tires you leave it and then they
come out shining it nice oh really nice
cool easy way to clean it yeah how
excited are you about the carbon fiber
you have a Horicon getting a confident
that's where it's at no but I've tried a
lot of different ones and this
best thing about this is that it sounds
good on startup but not like crazy and
then we hit the gas it just goes well
and it's carbon fiber
what are you doing now well we didn't
have time to order read tyre letters so
we ordered white and this Braden red but
it didn't hold up for that long so
you're taking it off well just on the
ones that it came off on but now I
started this impossible mission to get
the glue off the white but it's like you
know when you start something in you you
have to finish you have to finish yeah
but you really don't want to finish what
do you think though red or white pretty
cool right with the two different so you
look here on my passenger-side it's not
that bad it's worse than the private -
come on oh we got chocolates here's the
can holder enough
I think we're done I think it looks good
spot glass some gas look at this hole
before you get it yes that was nice now
I feel much better and then you know
hold the camera because those dudes were
really excited and they wanted me to hit
the gas okay
God it feels it really it's like
cleaning your soul clean car clean house
clean and bones
please sir
Helder my man he's my car guy and he's
good at like fixing ski boxes and stuff
like that
Bonjour Monsieur missing pieces in the
found solution
vodka girl alone Missy c.difficile Park
Ski in the body clasp over the metallic
Constitution always bouncing we survive
see Bonilla Monaco were sure sure and
now I have found Canaria Marbella
airframe Miami airfare he see so issue
miss your dialect read it
you're always saying about me so you
like to go fast okay Messi you include
okay to jump or what okay ciao goodbye
Joe no it's the only word I know Joe not
even friend yeah I know sorry no but
it's good like elder speaks about as
much English as I speak French so he
wants to practice English I want to
practice my French ah every other time
we switch I can't be cool so I didn't
understand anything okay excellent
bottom line we order we're gonna send
the winter tires here he's gonna mount
them we have an incoming wing for this
thing chewy you
we need a wing it's a Lambo we always
need a wing in a sports car and three
he's gonna justice uh the ski box the
front mounting so we can go faster nice
so exciting news clean car and a plan so
this this days actually shaping up
really good but he said the car is not
very loud you and what have you done
that's not good no that's like totally
and still no you're gonna make some
sound
I think is out there I hope so
perfectamente yes books I'm gonna get
some groceries so we can cook some food
look at the store with all the people oh
 he just I have a request to you let
me guess burritos I thought you'd say
yeah we're going to bring it up always
when we you should do that it's a
tradition every time we come to Monaco
always bring them okay done thank you
about who are gonna fit it by your feet
okay fine so if you jump in I lift in
this and you put it there Oh yep perfect
oh you said people who do this or stupid
on the what Park with a lift up yeah so
Tom stupid looks like it but it's okay
it's like front end like as soon as a
car parts here nowhere to see it okay
then it's not as bad if you sit ahead of
it yeah do you think if I have two speed
bumps with 50 meters in between them I
want to lift it for the speed bump
oh look at that and what we yeah what's
up
all right Marcus good luck I can try
five now burrito time ah voila how's the
tape solution working it's still holdin
up that mean yeah that's a comment like
why would you have a broken laundry
machine and drive a Lambo why would you
need this if it's working well it works
okay so a bit of water comes out here
then it comes out here then this tape
here is here so that it drips down here
instead of like going along the edge and
then going down okay so it's a very
complicated sophisticated system this
idea yeah BAM else who needs a new
laundry machine no one I mean everybody
rather buy more tires for the car ah
looking nice alright I'll watch the
piane challenge mmm surfing jaws yep
search hacia and cooking food yes it
looks amazing yeah burritos that's the
beauty of being at home that you can
cook or should I know you can cook and
do laundry like all the things you guys
but I think we think is lame and boring
because think it's awesome every
everything you kidding you don't have
the possibility to do that often in life
is always a good thing I just turn this
on and then I can just prepare this and
I will put some percentage for you in a
second I'm excited cool that's I'm
excited so I'm really hungry I'm ready
oh come on whoa
yeah yeah messed up a little when they
cared it you got a try let me excited
tell me tell me I like it okay I want to
do better I have a suggestion
yeah why don't you make more yeah yeah
but first beat these and watch some
surfing okay nice but how are they
amazing come on I'm dying sorry sorry
rescue me two more fresh coming in hot
so then um baby Adam ah eh oh eh grab a
mint not on
de mogi lay super burrito tortilla I
just understood burrito today are so I'm
just gonna say ciao ciao see us tomorrow
