good morning
are you feeling today is the first day
since we started volume that I'm not
feeling great I woke up with a fever
this morning so we had to reschedule
because the plan was to wake up this
morning and go to Milan and hit the
kicker with the World Cup voice yes but
I don't think
nope so we decided that we are going to
drive to Monaco is that because it's
real stormy and bad up there and it's
going to get even worse so we should
right get out of here before the winter
comes on the ground plan is to go to
Monaco get those winter tires and then
we are ready for the winter nice so
let's drag towards Monaco let's do it
the other actually
you want to drive you're tired well yeah
not feeling great
well okay then I think it seems like it
perfectly I put a down jacket here since
a bit more well yeah and I put my
laundry over there so you have a back
support as well you guys a note
enjoy thank you so what happens when I'm
sick yes yeah be sick more often first
time driving a Lambo besides no around a
glacier yes so if I fall asleep don't go
past 300 295 okay he's turn left into
France and salsa for him yeah shut up
okay so before you turn yeah first
things first sport better exhaust manual
now you can go okay those are two
essential things to do before you start
driving
actually I have a today's question okay
we get asked a lot when we burn off if
we make sure the engine is warm and we
always make sure this guy here is up to
temp yes we do so we never hit the gas
without a warm engine I like how
responsible you are you have a mean come
on that's good
in Austrian alpha which you should be
responsible you should always be
responsible
just
nice precision there on the curb yeah so
now you know it's a real tool so I hope
you know what you got to do we got to
see
how Markus feels about hitting the gas
or second first
and that is like 60% done I love they're
responsible driving this guy's got going
on but it's smart when you get in a fast
car like even if I drop a lot of fast
cars if I get enough fry or anything
just smooth it out smooth and then you
slowly increase yeah so mark is building
up here
increasing my confidence so that when I
fall asleep he's gonna go
watch for the rims always job well done
thank you
I feel 100 thousand percent secure and
calm yeah yeah nice I'm a Baptist nerds
I know it's better with our lumber
support but it is superfast yeah you
think yeah I like it a lot as well
I'm a filmer today yes nice shooting buy
some chocolate yes and Red Bull and I
think I have to fill out some time you
can hold that well I can't I can try to
make myself useful
I'm trying to make myself useful
Ben C not
look like mega premium it does know a
cap no it's nice I love it
but the bad part is since it doesn't
have a cap on the handles it doesn't
work you can't put the cap here and like
lock it up mmm that's a trick yeah
that's nice special solution but I feel
better which is nice yeah it was hard to
relax we're usually never smart with
their energy no we just like yes let's
do that and that that and it's nice to
be a passenger it is it's so relaxing
you're now the official driver I'm ha ha
ha lenses is love in the passenger seat
should be roll whoa you're did you walk
in that I mean I'm I'm walking it's
driving it got him yeah he almost run
over
why doesn't Italian like sugar-free Red
Bull food and now we'll take this now
and then we'll stop for a food later
yeah good job
we got supplies good for me yeah now we
can continue
yep
now I want to see you accelerate the a
pot of this thing scarce feels much
faster when you're in the person does it
yeah I think it stopped is it yes you're
not in control when you're okay so you
want to be scared yeah it's loud from
outside it is and let's this is the
coolest part like feeler you're in an
f-16 you open it press and it starts and
it's go-time
fold through first second third wait
what yeah I messed up the shot there's
no way for me to only camera laughs
right oh my god no look oh please my
everywhere I gotta see if I got the shot
for my god but make me do that
it's way cool in the passenger seat it
is yeah
what do you think of the chances of the
police up there pulling us over and 100%
no papers yeah and driver's license
people of the car yes he's gonna get him
here's insurance or have more papers ah
maybe it's in the bag douche bag
everything okay yes sir thank you oh you
try to flip the bag in yeah come on ah
we have to empty some stuff out of the
bag there we go
yes oh we gotta organize ourselves a
little bit we were looking for iphone
cables like 24 hours yesterday I'm too
in the car
garbage lumber sports really awesome it
is right but if you keep it you the
punish got your slugger give your ass
Trey the police car yeah I mean I take
yours and you take this yeah perfect I
have blue light so I can go fast nice
you wanted to try the police cover this
I just want it light what do you say I
say like yeah yeah I prayed I think it'd
be awesome to have a police car
should we go full speed full speed full
speed
yeah urs ski ski area ski yeah your name
John Olsen right you know what so you
are yeah super teacher
ikuo modeski teacher nice yeah we came
from stupid on you
yeah we went skiing yesterday now to
Monaco super thank you so much
joke the best police in the world in
Italy giving them some crackles yeah for
being nice
I love this mom
Oh
conservatives onto existing tools Monica
please go straight home
food dime this was the most relaxing
drive I've had in a long time yeah
it was one of the most fun drives I've
had in a long time so yeah you win you
guys get along well yes we're best
buddies I'm best buddies without to
grill here we go yes can't think on an
empty stomach
can I Drive a little of course that's
cool yeah thank you no problem I can
feel for once it was not quite a Jew
ride it was 600 kilometers yeah
I think it's my turn now okay you can
have some fun thank you
follow the road for two kilometers
please make a u-turn in 300 meters to
your destination home sweet home
yes how nice is it to be home it's
fantastic then we can figure out our
life situation before we leave let's
leave all the random stuff and do that
tomorrow and what I mean random stuff
all my boxers and everything that's
unpacked we could fit it when you have a
problem just deal with it later this was
a nice rest day that for me it was I was
like in the front seat during emails and
like chillin woke up feeling sick came
here feeling good and I would have to
say it was one of the funnest day I've
had as well so you can I smiling a lot
nice teamwork
I'm gonna go park the car as an optin
member and I'll be right back up
oh let me guess
pray on it once open room good driving
we can share it's okay I'm gonna get
healthy now but I say we end today for
here um and make sure I get some sleep
so I'm not sick tomorrow hmm um it's
been a long day it's been a long day but
no it's good good to get a couple
unplanned days here in Monaco and try to
figure out how to set smarter schedules
actually we can do a second today's
question I've seen a lot of questions on
why do you travel to so many places
later for two days and the whole reason
for this is that we get opportunities
and we say yes to everything and then we
end up travelling too much and we get a
chaos schedule and then today my new
system died and I had a fever so that's
sort of our plan now but now that the
weather went bad and I got a fever we're
going to come here
regroup and make a plan that's gonna
last us longer than two more weeks
before we die yep my manager I spoke my
manager days like how you guys doing
like are you dying because I didn't
replies well something like a week so
yeah we're gonna get organized
yes but as you hear I'm pretty tired so
um okay well how about that not to
tell you sorry boy bla ito
