good morning good morning as you can see
we're in winter wonderland yes and we're
here we have a full Red Bull crew here
today we are shooting part of a
documentary of free streams history so
that's going to be awesome because I've
been a part of the sport forever so
we're going to jump in the car head up
to the gondola and then go check out the
mountain
it starts yeah this is a modern level
Amex no scraping ready to roll yes our
path this divining well I mean you get
the compass II yeah I don't need some
interviews of the car yeah enjoy the
confidence enjoy the back problems
plus it vowed yeah but it's more fun
with winter tires then you go faster
you're more correct yeah it's slippery
right I'm like a soap and about thumb so
let's do it tomorrow let's go skiing we
use this later yeah
we are team today same skis you have a
camo jacket I'm Cameron pants and I'm
gonna let purple pants purple jacket
yeah you got skis
I got skis check if they're different
settings on them yeah we're all good to
go let's do it everything is awesome
except I already see the storm rolling
in so we should hurry up and get up
there
Oh cuz we got a cuz when you're skiing
up on three I think it's 3,500 meters at
the top or 400 when bad weather comes in
you can't even see where you are yeah
let's go check it out out there
and we're back on skis look at that that
was worth the long travel date yesterday
what it was
now that is contrast at its finest
waking up at Croatia yeah and then
skiing the next day beautiful I love it
eat up on a sunny glacier Targa feet
that's true so I'm gonna jump straight
in and distance here I think you should
go off the biggest one no not at all
like the life you want Marcus to kill
himself this letter to kill himself
oh you're okay your Norwegian they just
go and everything's good
okay I've fun I will
well the most fun events should be the
most important events not its I mean now
it's tough because if you focus a full
year on a movie segment that means your
exposure throughout the year is gonna be
a lot less on social media at all
hello you have a vlog as well yeah we do
a vlog like we've been we've been
discussing the history and future of
freeskiing and it's been really
interesting so yeah we're gonna of
course show you guys when this comes
online so you guys see the full piece
every now you're stuck in the chair yeah
now I'm like frozen
like an ice piece yeah it's gonna break
let's start moving I say we have we get
out of this chair and then we just head
down yep son
yeah we got jumping we got interview
somewhere Kimber let's do the redbull
hero show we just
I think they're closing yeah you know we
skied for as long as the weather allowed
us bank 10 interviews and now we're like
the last people live leaving the park
I say head towards the bottom because I
have goal me to myself it was a super
fun day but let's talk about that Slater
let's go let's talk where it's warm
yes in the Lambo
back here we are still here I want to
join the side reaction only winter tires
we can have fast sideways action
it's just please yeah we I think we
arrived just in time
arriving tomorrow I don't think we would
have arrived Oh Chrissy how fast like
what four one yeah it was blue skies
this morning yeah and I would say in a
couple hours
he's gone he has got to do some weather
research and figure out what to do so
wait let's should we spin back down yep
let's spin to the hotel hello from the
hotel room okay I'm a quest for you and
how many different separate files do you
think we have from today I have no idea
369 nice so that is why we are still at
the hotel and not in the car driving
towards me lon yes cuz we have to edit
look and sleep a little Ted sleep yeah
hopefully more than like four hours that
was like our game plan to stay here
tonight and then drive down to Milan and
try out the big air down there tomorrow
because the weather has rolled in and
things are not gonna work out up here
nope so now you gotta end the vlog yeah
I'm gonna head in like this first show
the hotel room okay this is 24 hours
okay and off of that let's end the video
blog wait
today's question first okay I thought
we've been slacking on today's question
okay it's stupid come on today's
question how do you get into all the
airport lounges everywhere and I say I'm
with you and you have any diamond card
with star lights well we both have I
have a diamond you have a gold and that
gets us into all airline lounges when we
fly star lines yes and if a sir yeah if
we fly anything else then we usually fly
business and then you get n either way
yeah so today's question but now let's
hear your German and we'll say goodnight
and see everyone tomorrow auf
wiedersehen
good enough good enough so this Morgan
want this Morgan
ciao
