we did it again yeah we got to stop
meeting up like this look it I'm
something in the morning in the lobby
I'm third in lobby yeah but yeah it is
time jump on some more fun
apply time you wake up alive oh okay
yeah yeah next time we're gonna come
from more than 24 hours yeah
thank you so much to meet you thank you
I go well on a scale of 1 to 10 what do
you think about them lounging split
airport the one in istanbul was bigger
and nicer but hey it was a free coffee
free coffee and free hot chocolate yes I
think we are last as usual 3 ec b d3
something I'm in business I'm in economy
I wants it along to go thank you
receipt for the guy next on my seat once
a sweat from a corner business
giving away a business ticket yeah we're
a team I want to hang out yeah I mean to
hear some friends is more important
quote of the day yeah you want to switch
to business my friends here and I'm
right there if you won't have a super
this you'll see yeah okay super thank
you perfecto
ladies and gentlemen I've just landed
this really here once please keep your
supermom
and do not open the overhead
compartments until the silver time has
been switched off wave
let's say goodbye and thank your profile
so how is this gonna go it's gonna go
well no problem
feels good to be back with the Lambo
every day but the Lambo is good it is
although we do have summer tires on it
yeah we are
as usual we are not prepared and we're
yeah we have a major issue well last
year when we're there it was just the
weather was so nice and like sunny okay
summer ish so don't like summer tires
for summer I didn't have time to think
so it's just like okay no problem
this is actually a problem yeah like I
don't see a problem in a lot of things
but summer tires on a Lambo on snow is
not a good idea
let's come back after you're done yeah
I'll be done in a sec all set we're all
good everything's in there we got full
skia call notes keys because they I
gotta go and pick those up in San Anton
yeah but first innsbruck earth is Brooke
it still sounds good it does let's do it
yeah let's do this
my legs oh but the view though that
sighs the view is really except there's
snow on low elevation that's not good so
what are we doing
step one is that we're gonna finish the
vlog and step two is that we're gonna
get a sticker for the windshield yes so
that we can drive a nostril I think we
have company yeah do you think we have
any problems no I think we're good so we
were standing out our target Marcus and
I saw someone come up and like I'm just
gonna finish talking into the camera and
then I'll just say hi
I'm like hey I do it earlier thought I
thought of someone wanted to look at the
car it was the police yeah it's not the
police have our licenses and our papers
I'm checking yes but I don't think we've
done anything wrong and they're over
there yeah yeah we're just waiting yep
but for once we weren't going fast or
anything so nope and you have papers I
have papers
yeah passport licenses everything yeah
yeah that's nice so we're here to upload
the vlog no to edit the vlog yeah that
was the point yeah upload no edit the
vlog and then yes pour it in the car and
then upload an is broke yeah but first
I'm gonna go well maybe I should get my
papers back but then I'm gonna go buy a
sticker because in Austria you need a
sticker on the Wil windshield that is so
stupid yeah if you don't know it's hard
and then you get a big fine you gotta
like stop at the gas station and buy
like a sticker
instead of like buying like it yeah but
to use the roads
exactly yes and that is only in Austria
and Switzerland they're like why don't
you have winter tires I'm like ah we
have them in Austria they're waiting for
us
why would they stop this such an
anonymous car yeah takes too much time
with the police that they are
questioning whether my monocle papers
are real
Monica's papers look like cartoon papers
yes I told them won't be inside any
problems no we got everything back and
we have a sticker and now we can get to
the vlog yeah
they found us on YouTube and then showed
the old video with the snow on it's the
same car No
ah famous car why are we always in a
situation that we have to grade and
finish the vlog in a car too then upload
it on a different gas station then go to
st. Anton a pickup skis and then drive
to Dubai you're bad at planning that's
the reason no that's the answer no we
just like doing a lot of stuff we're
just living it's just doing no problem
you won't see the block yeah I want to
see the vote yeah moving from here enjoy
like ooh notch oh that was right book
luck enough I hope that was right we
should do some more practice before we
get into new languages awesome now we
were all fogged I wonder if people think
we're doing it there it's what okay cool
so let's do some changes dating night
Drive and then we should get to in
spoken time to upload perfect
fantastical let's go no there we go
that's the good thing about having a
Lambo you can save some time I need
hmm that's cool
vlog is online in three minutes three
minutes then we got to do thumbnail
title yeah let's get smart real quick
okay I hate this part of all and you
have the car on to get the power for the
computer yeah we almost made it damn
police stopping us for no reason if it
wasn't for that police to pull this over
and like took our license for like 20
minutes we would have been online on
time
now we're 16 minutes late damn it but
now we're good that's online yep
now it's time to go to to what like that
dog sign downtown yeah let's do it
thread one a half-hour of one way to
pick up skis and I come back
we have snowed yeah
I'm driving real aggressively right now
let's start the hunt for skis yeah we
need we had everything with us except
skis and then they were supposed to be
shipped to Stu bike but then there is
miscommunication so that's why we're
insane end up pick it up
Oh making a long day longer Fallon yeah
I think you have boots too
oh nice Merry Christmas Marcus thank you
thank you successful mission
oh it's hard you got a love summer tires
hey that's a snow air so we gonna put
the big bags now this isn't working
not yet you gotta unpack your bag well I
have my boxers are all spread a lot is
gonna have to right in between us yeah
we don't have any choice yeah throw it
in like deep no problem Dustin see
problems in a lot of things just put the
helmet on and then oh nice
let's go yeah no problem like I
literally don't have space for the
helmet
we have grip beautiful olive Creek yeah
we have a helmet we just full speed a
house
wah-wah
well hello hotel Alma host and we are in
the mountains we are in the mountains
and it's cold and it's called it as snow
and if we would have arrived one or two
days ago we would not have arrived no
because we have summer tires we have to
keep an eye on the weather in the next
couple days if we want to be able to
lead this place but that's the problem
for later now we made it and I just
looked at the watch and we started
vlogging 15 hours ago this morning 15
yeah okay
so I think you deserve a good night No
auf wiedersehen guten nacht don't uh
Abbey's Morgan let's German yeah winter
ball Austria Germany okay those same
thing yeah well you speak German in
Austria lovely doesn't alpha leader said
I will see you tomorrow we're going up
on the glacier
I am winter get started ciao
