good morning and blue yeah good morning
look at that speed boat speed boat
Margot I love speedboats yeah and we
have beautiful weather we look at the
forecast and we're a little unsure but
now we have weather we have a boat and
we have a cool thing have RC yeah we
observe group Adi yeah good I met
whenever we're lacking energy we'll just
do like this let's see the good day for
a drone go I have fun Adventure mode on
you
Oh
we made it I'm not quite sure where but
no me neither but that was one way to
start the morals one of the benefits of
that yes photo filtration I did enough
can see again place the next three years
this yet me too me too well now we are
gonna go and sip line Wow
and I think you're gonna take your film
crew and adding them to get hit some
ATVs and code box and stuff cool all
about finding the most amount of things
to do in a day see you later brother and
Joe Joyce I'll save it later I ask you
sir I haven't done any sip lining since
Costa Rica like 12 years ago mmm so I'm
excited anything about ground is pumped
yeah I don't really know what to expect
but I guess we'll find out in a couple
of all guys after night they've that
Goodman do we have to have the helmet
good that we are not afraid of heights I
mean I don't like Heights because when I
ski and I do flips you're not looking
down what did you say your Norwegian
like Norwegians are not afraid of
anything
they just okay let's go you're first
yeah I'm ready
first wire is our longest highest and
the fastest wire it is around 700 meter
long somewhere in the middle you will be
driving hundred meters above the ground
and you can gain speed from 60 to 70
maybe 75 kilometers let's go over 80
maybe yeah you have big backpack so you
maybe can reach 8 yeah nice marker I'm
ready
what have you done Marcus um me or the
drone well you two as a team yeah the
drone had a little miscommunication I
think wait it looks like you landed it
somewhere that's not here it actually
landed itself in a tree is it far away
um up there somewhere up there that's
the wrong direction ya know so I'm gonna
go get it
can I see the map yeah we can find on
the map yeah let's go team no problem
so expedition finding drone yes well not
perfect let's go no problem
let's go you first I love when you land
in trees cuz that means when I do it
next time it's okay yes it's like
treasure hunting with a map yeah I think
it's like over like Oh on the other side
yeah it's like no problem I just hate
feeling when we think you guys think
that we're crazy we are crazy treasure
hunting it's up there right this is nice
little Sunday hike or Monday we're
closing in what depends on if it's a
giant cliff up there or what the drains
like because we got to go left soon the
view though tip number one if you want
to practice tree landing don't do it on
the top of it
I did not dress with this was it did you
know we're two thirds of the way that
from the trail no problem this part yeah
we are careful no weeds and mountain
goats
that's steep Yulin no problem
oh why I love fish stop laughing
ah oh ah if the display was not working
that would have been difficult to 500
those sticky trees you see oh there it
is
I heard it I heard the fan oh my god oh
no problem
it's a lie wait what when you're walking
it doesn't look like it even oh no we
have one yeah I want propeller broken
this is where it crashed no that's where
you landed it yeah I know perfect thanks
for the height guys good job thank you
very good okay Oh
found it sorry for the wait guys yeah
it's just sitting there in a tree
so Marcus did what he said like landed
in control II just wanted more adventure
like you wanted to climb Mountain no
more climbing today so how you do it
sorry but it was awesome then our eyes
apply only for you a solid more lines
the cats girls like that
got it
and I said I was nervous when you guys
like breath
you
you
that was nice super nice yes and you
added a bit of extra adventure to the
whole thing as well
no more landing and drilling like up
there no I'm sorry about that oh my legs
are they hurting they're tired that was
not a small height this is is it
familiar it looks old I don't know
anything about it so you will have to be
my guide yeah you haven't seen Game of
Thrones nope
I'm trying to figure out where the
scenes were shot this were a Khaleesi
like went crazy and like took over stuff
fighting me before with this on okay we
get inspired by like hitting Yanni and I
you want to hit everyone got your little
grill badass can't see anything no I
don't know this is like it looked like
the guy in movies to kill people
normally happy tree
we can't fight with this left ladder has
to be climbed it's got our name on it
it says unit Marcus I think we
officially found the highest spot that
you can stand off
Lucan
it's alive she came back yeah give me a
high five
thank you so conclusion is we need to
travel with three drones so if one goes
oh we still have a backup one yes okay I
go first
I love letters on a castle and no Sun
sets today No
so it's Sunday morning though no running
no running but I might say that it's a
good time to end today's vlog because
we're on another early flight tomorrow
morning we are because we were not smart
enough to hook a longer stay here no I
wish we would stay longer yeah super
nice so yeah we are on a five like a.m.
wake-up call to go to Munich and pick up
the lab Baltimore and that is gonna be
interesting because we have summer times
yeah right now Marcus is like doing
something when checking Instagram on his
phone or whatever you're doing no are
you doing no I have a hard time focusing
talking to the camera but look it on
your phone okay Oh either way we will
see you guys tomorrow
luck you're not sure is that I say yeah
ah so you're going yeah I said buy a
book book and good night is like you're
not sure or like you're not booked
booked a notch like you're not Oh like a
notch eat chop
