good morning good morning we need to
stop waking up at 4:00 yeah if you don't
wake up early you don't get to go places
so yeah another day trying to break the
world record and seeing a lot of places
in a month we are off the split let's
get a word or the I say we spin to the
airport so he can relax on the cap this
is what 5:25 in the morning and we got
our way and checked in yeah we're
checked in everything's good we are now
on coffee hunt waiting yeah morning yeah
Sam seems like a morning person to me
yeah I love sunrise look as soon as I
get my coffee I'm also good Thank You
coffee life well milk always mail
account yes always regular coffee with
milk warm or cold man cold milk because
I can't drink warm coffee ball Jonnie
can drink like steaming hot coffee but I
can't drink hot stuff so I gotta have a
lot of milk yeah otherwise it's too hot
then you gotta wait an hour before you
can drink it but it's Sam go anything No
so we forgot it you know what we did
would it be left behind
my favorite lads I don't believe it I
think it's somewhere underneath all of
Yanni's 29000 jackets and outfits at
least it's not a possible no I just
thought he had it and like and then it
was really early
he was like where's the lamp I'm like
wait what that you know it's in the bag
yeah
this is like what's it called photo
grandmother frenzy we had time lap going
on there Hugh here SL their lights too
good not food photos video this is the
real like vlogger life with that's
what's fun with Sam around because he's
obsessed with gear and and like filming
a photo and everything
yeah have no talk all day every day 4 K
frame rates resolutions Pro res
everything I love it
sorry y'all I'm sorry you couldn't be
here for today it's gonna be all about
gear seven minutes on but it's closest
in seven minutes
no that's always what happens that we're
early and I mean I got six minutes to
find out where the gotcha gate is a one
to a twenty three nine minutes is it
yeah and we have seven yeah and I need a
Red Bull that's a problem got some lens
flare we get it yeah that's more
important than the fight but now we're
leaving London it banks out like epic
weather what are you doing yeah Red Bull
and a sneaker space thank you
I love him yeah he can totally be on the
team right mentality like the gate a
nice Red Bull like what it's one person
still there he runs to get a Red Bull
that's the grass board without me Sam we
do a gig sad come
your lay that's what it somewhere
boarding all passengers final call
oh there eh you need anything else while
I'm at it we got time
nailed it they go okay just all of this
but you don't understand and like yeah
area I'm on a sucker for symmetry okay
question have you ever sat down and
business without a verses ticket no and
hope for the best
i sat down waiting for the toilet once
like because it was there and I waited
the bathroom and they will rule out now
on to a real quick they were like scuse
me sir you're not sitting here that's
right that was my one learn your
business experience I had a body you're
used to that
have you done no I'm Way too scared no
gun but a buddy moving yes sorry I ready
for be rolling yes
what I got window I got a beer all Sam
Sam's - all right I'm ready
hook me up let's do it
roll the b-roll
ladies and gentlemen welcome to server
where the local time has just gone 12
o'clock in the afternoon please remain
seated with your seat belts fastened to
the fasten seat belt sign has been
switched off is that they has been our
pleasure taking care of you and we look
forward to welcome you back on another
British Airways flight very soon thank
you and a very good afternoon it is the
only restaurant the ham yes but we made
it to Krisha step one complete can we
have one the berry muffin and two
chocolate got to stay sharp right Oh get
in my face and that's Rance McDonald
would say Oh Oh see we do to me Marcus
before you came along there was no ice
cream and no like cookies and a boring
life no it was not boring but it was
less sweet but I'm getting back in a
workout mode now a big ko on the muffin
that was nice how was it compared to
yesterday mmm equal is good it was
pretty good what are you guys having
hey you guys business class whoa what
are you 40 yeah when I'm at the from in
the business boys I'm 19 from 20 ha ha
good man hey fellas run together let's
just spend a split then and we made it
and we are in Croatia and it's not rainy
sunny it's sunny and warm actually Alma
sunny but when warm yes yeah nice are
you excited Sam I'm so excited is my
favorite country in the world travel to
in the world I never been here in the
summer Moscow Moscow welcome to it's
always like a Russian vodka company
perhaps comics I need to get on that
douchebag hookup yeah I feel it
come on like a douchebag without having
a douche bag oh so good we have ski gear
with us oh yeah
new apps of all no skis but ski gear
you
and you know fun fact of today this is
country number 12 in 18 days foot that's
impressive not even bad I'm impressed
we are not slowing down but now we get a
run because there's some cool sunset
going on and we want to get a photo
run goddess shoot off of it sunsets damn
I like broke beginner get better Sam
come on yeah don't come for the one with
pool Nepal look at this yes I'm yes
there you go dark
good thing we're on like Italy we got
down here what 45 second heels yeah and
now it's gone but like we got it oh well
done those jokes I made those see yeah
that was good
we literally left the luggage in the
lobby and ran I've been around new
Envisat yeah
the only time we are now is that we are
not here for more than like 48 hours
when I saw that I'm like oh no wait I
want to stay much longer
Jeremy it used to gamble this hotel was
very graham friendly Wow thank you I'm
so hungry
we realized running down for the sunset
that we forgot to eat today
so now let's eat yeah I agree not a good
time to film its eat Brooke we're gonna
crush this burger we're right back we
almost forgot to end the vlog yeah we
were sitting at alright so we'll do that
Matt and a we'll meet here and then
might wait wait we haven't finished the
talk here so I say we we ended it feels
weird not that yummy right here end it
with us good thing she'll be back soon
but yeah we had a long day flying and
then yeah
long day Trent what about tomorrow
tomorrow we're just gonna do a million
things so that's what we can finish go
to bed em wake up rested so we will see
you guys tomorrow
and I have not had time to learn my
creation me neither end part yes we'll
come back with that tomorrow
yes so have a good night or good date
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
chop
