good morning on it morning we ready for
a workout
yes yeah always are you ready on yeah we
are dressed for success as we've told
you we're trying to get back in a like
sandy shape mode so instead of doing
emails we're gonna go a box yes yayan
gonna punch me in the face yes she loves
boxing so she's really excited I haven't
been a boxing forever yep so that's why
we're gonna start a name with some
physical activity because without
physical activity your brains not smart
London's friendliest strip punch in the
face gym Yanni can finally get her
aggressions out I feel a bit out of
place
just
you
oh it's like a brain workout trying to
remember the combination of the much but
it's such epic training and it's
different I love that it's different if
we're like 15 minutes in and I'm like
I'm headed to this framework nothing
food
religion
Oh
it's such challenge in your head to try
to get it right that's the workouts go
get off guys well no going downstairs
right I don't think you can do how come
you think that I still told you anything
more than the pouring rain
to explain I won't go down the frames
out there to go through oh it's offline
we were born Christmas mind incompatible
different side so we had to me
you're done guys good job now you know
how it is when someone bigger than you
messes with you
it's mix and mix CrossFit seem like a
yoga class London friendly of gym yeah
but it was still toughest if anything
I've ever tried I was about to pass out
in the end and you need to start work I
see we spin back come back fresh and
hopefully with enough power up here to
talk yeah and we're back we go her back
how do you feel I feel great it's
probably I would say the best workup
I've had in a long time but I can't move
my arms I was trying to do an email and
I'm like shaking well and now yani wants
to take pictures and I'm hoping that you
feel inspired to take pictures because I
literally think I'd have a problem
holding the camera so I have told two
cameras and well I meant maybe I can do
like this Jonnie when you want a photo
like I'm literally dead in my arms not
joking at all so sorry guys for the
crooked angle but this ledge here is
perfect for right now
Nik next time you're joining no yeah
like I feel awesome besides the fact
that my arms are used for yep
oh are you seeing that boy yeah I figure
that you deserve
I don't know white like I should have my
comfy lay back this is nice now my body
is feeling good except the arm sir
editing photo in Lightroom was difficult
that's hard to be smooth
I saw your Instagram picture yeah the
orange tree yeah I kind of disappointed
you tied me as a monkey I hoped you'd
see that Marcus the well if I needed to
tag your one sit or one place in the
picture
the monkey was now about to comment like
well I have to be the monkey why can't
you be the monkey I need to extreme
ultimatum to dead people in a vlog yeah
I think if we are gonna do boxing
workouts and have vlogs we need to be in
better shape so we can still perform in
front of the camera
welcome to the market yeah
how do you pronounce it poro poro mark
ora ora for rock it's a thousand years
old balancing are both years old as long
as that food I'm real yeah this place is
going to be robbed
you
he said yeah we got a push room like you
should have been in the boxing today
tonight not how is it I mean it asked
them to tell I in the middle so what do
you think it's good yes you're gonna
have to go try the other one within
anywhere because your review tomorrow of
all the donuts and advice yep you got a
terminal it really about me oh but II
see you need yeah we today yes I bought
not so far yeah
you know I used to have a girlfriend
that competed in ping pong you do I
start a training ping pong because I
didn't want to get beat by her teacher
yeah but I was still beaten
yeah we like the quiet places it was so
loud out there it was hard to focus on
the ping-pong game yeah you accept each
other yeah actually I say let us not
compete for once yes I'd agree
let's just play ping pong have some fun
I'm pretty kill it no complications
today we don't need to be my arms are
lagging
you got no challenges yeah but I decided
that playing but I'm winning is they
were losing it's no fun so now first 21
all right battle of the champions again
do it soon I was plenty says yeah
your serve much 1:29 oh okay
let me point come back it's already off
the people sitting around it was good
good with little challenge now Marcus
thank you yes 12 month mark is the most
casual pink blog player ever
hey when I get you angry I'm look status
20 2015
are these conditions mark as you can't
beat Yanni I don't trust him we're happy
with a ping-pong session on it now but
do you hate the u n-- scurvy yeah as
much as I do yeah what I mean ping-pong
you gotta like spin the ball
no it's cheating no I it's Gianna her my
team yes no I see I'm probably the worst
ping-pong player to play with because I
just like what it's been real hard
yeah and either destroy the game and
when or I just missed the table yeah but
yeah I had a great time me too it's
funny cuz I won and I they go in one and
they I did both yeah hey let let me
illustrate Marcos ping pong play no it
wasn't that bad in the pocket like a
cash it wasn't a fun I was a warm-up
yeah you got more like into it as soon
as you gotta start counting points when
we did your life
Eleni it's so funny to see yarny that
angry yes
I got a cap what forget about bye guys
let's do the outro yeah I guess well
maybe come into it okay we're back at
the hotel
hey you guys are waking up early
tomorrow yeah we've ok so we were just
discussing like should we end the vlog
now or later and then we have a mega
early flight tomorrow never discussing
like how do we say goodbye should we say
now yeah I for a while like I'm not
going to crash actually buy on me but we
are gonna see you in Marbella yeah but
first we are gonna fly to split two days
and then pick up the Lambo go skiing
instead no Munich we can't have the
Lambo drive just to buy ski and then fly
from Milan tomorrow
that's like the rough outline of the
plan but with that said I say that we
say good night because we're I gonna go
to sleep right away mm-hmm and we'll see
you guys from the airport at like 5:00
a.m. tomorrow morning yes good night
have a cup of tea tonight zoom Yanni so
you want as a joke huh and by for me
cha-cha-cha
