good morning we are up and running we
have a we have Sam here
one body meats I am Sam Evans we're here
together we're gonna just explore London
and we were saying the whole mission of
this trip is just add fun and enjoy
London I like fun
pretty simple mission really also like
Sun fun and Sun go well and Suns
relevance yeah and while we're at it
check out am I in the right no no encore
never you have Sam's channel up here so
go check that out yeah and then yeah
we're gonna just have fun throughout the
next few days if do it so I say we go
pick up Yanni at the hotel and then we
are gonna go start having fun the whole
team's United yes yeah our first
activity for the day is to go on the
water
your phone I need to take a picture of
what Oh
isn't that big band oh can I borrow yeah
look at this a speedboat yeah I love
boats and I'm good
we all love boats it's nice to do
something different for once and not go
shopping into all the tourists that's
the whole point of this trip to go and
do things that you like maybe normally
don't do in London like going in with
speed but yeah I mean pepper down the
water it's a good day
Abby sugar we should introduce rollin oh
yeah he's helping us out ah thanks
commando stop well do my best
yeah he's making stuff happen so are you
doing a killer job well yeah first
question was like do we want the music
no probably not
now I always watch the music the James
Blunt
oh yeah then we need the James plumb
James Bond music yeah let's do it
Yanni's hair she when we're in the car
we never listen to music when she gets
in a car it's for this
that was really fun oh yeah I forgot how
it is to be on a small nimble fast boat
if I can turn like a crazy thing yeah
enough with big boat yeah we realized we
have a new thing for the bucket list we
need to be on a boat that can go faster
than a hundred knots and film it from a
Robinson helicopter yes so if we need
help is there anyone out there with the
mega Nortec super speedboat
let us know we want to go a hundred
knots on water thank you thank you thank
you
she's really not it was really fun
actually yeah like looking at just the
boat you know it's like not the first
thing you come to think of in London no
but I can firm the heart recommend to
take the tour they had the James Bond
music and then like villain coming in
hostile and then bomb bomb and it turns
quickly oh yeah I've done it super super
fun yes I'm cold
me for you guys cool yeah it's a little
chilly going on to the next one yeah
that was a million times better than
your idea of going secondhand shopping
Marcus I still want to go so I get him
something well the thing is that when
he's picking us up he's gonna play he's
gonna come to okay she's so fun
okay so just come I guess what we've got
an hour before lunch it makes sense yeah
okay perfect
so cool cab fare yeah
Jonnie style caps yep no camouflage here
no flower flowers now we're hungry
yeah lungs time there we go I think it's
a super fast elevator
getting ready for the other man we've
been on a boat so we're pretty cold
you're gonna standards of elevators here
the promise once you leave a heater yep
I get older BAM dude straight up here
yep
that's fast not like the Monica weather
there but stuffs like half into the Sun
should I watch Nana's camera your camera
won't be cameras oh my ears these after
you sir thank you
nice yeah our kind of restaurant words
thank you nice my hip yeah relaxing you
find anything yeah I find a lot of
things but good yeah 1000 pound Kobe
beef 1 kilo it's really catching my eye
ah it's 48 hours in advance so we
couldn't go to bed damn it no I say we
go for a mix of everything always ask
the staff on good restaurants because
they'll know what the goodies are
we should have just stayed and have more
dessert and for like an hour now but I
can honestly say that was the best lunch
I think I've ever had sushi some buy in
London Yummie has been here before inch
designer approved that's good this time
yeah yeah yeah better anything let's go
to the next one
recommend that 100% how do you get a
dress when it's cool
maybe every single time what's the
problem well the problem was that we
left all the shoes in my baya so now
this is all we have and now we're
walking around in the rain what you said
we wouldn't do yes every single time but
I'm surprised they both of them look
really nice though both you and me are
good at destroying things especially
shoes what you said you like small cars
you remember the Fiat 500 we looked at
yeah figured we found a small small car
so we can rent it yes
Jonnie can get an experience to see how
it is to feel feel how a small car field
she's gonna probably buy one it's like
it's like us test driving a Ferrari no
I'm just driving this you know we're
doing a lot of test driving I love it
though yeah covet and and then just
underneath your left arm there is a
little dial on the city feel it and yeah
up and then just shove it backwards and
then the moon yeah yeah what do you
think Spacey nice well it in the back
it's amazing no one amazing and so if
you already felt it
I'd like to be close to the wheel yeah
you want to roll it back I wish we had a
wide-angle lens cause it's like it's
just so what this is it perfect no is
all you need and little bit more myself
see now this is a true driving
experience
listen compress the Lambo I was compared
to the roll yeah it's different I like
it in a weird way it's like it's
different of a drive as we could we were
driving Rolls Royces and Ferraris two
days ago
okay change yeah but this is personality
its she called Mildred Mildred Mildred I
love you already
Johnny you should be driving on E yeah
but I'm just scared to drive on this
side of the road yeah I'm not gonna lie
that's a little confusing is for me as
well
I've been working on my clutch foot the
whole time I forgot how to use a clutch
yeah you can do with the on in
everything same same only on the other
side I can totally see you owning on me
yeah
you look great in it okay yeah I think
you look cooler this than the level
we're losing blood guys yeah it's
getting dark real quick I think it's
time to go indoor for the day no I don't
want to dry left
youngmee daughter yeah I guess like a
dress Morris fun to drive a stick we
finally have life yeah yeah so we can
feel we realize the winter has hit and
it gets dark early which makes blogging
more difficult so we meet team unit
Marcus to same birth no you have a team
come on she's never on the buying new
gear team no that's true so we decided
that we need to go buy a sony a7s 2 for
low light stuff tomorrow yes if you are
a team overkill and this is not over
clearly no it's like like guys kick ass
but low light Sony's just better that's
true so that's part of Michigan for
tomorrow
I don't like Sony sorry well I'm like
your low light capabilities okay that
said I think yeah we will end today here
because we have had a long day and it
was a lot of fun things yeah yeah it's
not great it's nice to be in London and
not just go shopping on the normal
Street you always look at 24/7 24/7 so
with that said
working is hard sometimes hidden so to
take a night to everybody
yeah good night any hi will see you guys
tomorrow tomorrow Yanni's gonna punch me
in the face
alright so since you've left yeah we'll
see you here tomorrow
