hey guys I think we are live okay first
things first on this live session let's
try to keep the comments to like a
minimum so the less you comment and like
know hello and hey and stuff they can
actually read the comments so the less
you comment the better it is because
then we can read it do you want to read
some comments well I told everyone
saying hi I know what time is it for
them 8 p.m. it is 8 p.m. and we are here
in Monaco and we figured that we would
do a little live session because I was
flying around Europe and I was sleeping
on average only 3 hours per night and I
wanted to spend a little time with Yanni
and a little time to sleep and breathe
and chill so then I decided to push the
vlog for tomorrow so that we can also to
give Benny a bit of rest because if
we're rested we're excited and then it's
fun and then we do better vlogs so like
I guess the whole point of a live
session is to talk to you guys and read
the comments but there's still a million
comments so second reminder just comment
like a little bit and that way it makes
it much easier especially I know we
should have like a smaller YouTube
channel that'd be easier do you want to
find a comment someone said when are you
coming to Canada well as explained in
earlier vlogs
we got sick and couldn't make it to cam
while we got sick so we missed our
flight so we couldn't go to Canada so
right now we don't have a trip planned
I'd love to go though
let's see here see if we have some when
will we see Riley next Jerry
yeah generate at the latest and then I
might have yeah generate for sure maybe
twice in January depending on what
happens mm-hmm yeah I don't know like
Riley are you watching this do you want
to come into the snow door and ride a
convertible G through Norway grille
great sales pitch right someone asked
when is the wedding
yeah like Yanni's gonna fuck you on a on
her buddy the TV gives us light and it
just turned into sleep mode wedding
early spur early summer late spring we
still haven't that's the thing we travel
so much into so many things that we are
pretty bad at like taking time off to
like yeah spend time together and chill
and yeah do things like we've done here
we've been we've been hanging out here
in Monaco just me and Yanni women cook
I've been crushing the food lately but
you'll have to see tomorrow's vlog to
know what my I'm gonna say my best dish
ever the Johnny's asked for it three
days in a row and I want it tomorrow - I
already look forward to tomorrow's
dinner I've been like a really homely
boyfriend lately yeah did you show them
we're sure we show them tomorrow
yeah that's on the vlog like where you
can sneak peek nothing big alright let's
find some questions here's another one
was where will you celebrate New Year's
we are going to Morocco with max you
know max the crazy max the craziest
person we know he's organized a trip to
Morocco that includes hot-air balloons
everything yeah like hiking yeah Desert
snow everything yeah we we've been too
busy to kind of like look into the
actual details but we're going to
Morocco for New Year's which is gonna be
awesome
lots of fun people I saw another common
Yanni what is your take on the G old and
current status I mean I don't
really
the finished result yet but I'm a bit
sad that I didn't see it in real life
with the roof but I think it's gonna
look incredible
well develop that answer a bit more like
do you think I'm a total idiot asshole
for cutting it off or I mean it's your
car you decide yeah but like what's your
take like all my Cod you see like idiot
again and no maybe first because I think
really it's alive like wheels like um I
was thinking maybe it was smarter to do
it in the summer because then you can
actually drive it without freezing your
ass off yeah but it's gonna be warm here
in like a couple weeks yeah but I mean
it's gonna look special and you like
special you like special to Yanni likes
but maybe we're like Fiat 500 no roof
special but okay you don't think I'm a
total idiot no it's your car you do
whatever you want when are you going to
Sweden in two days
yeah Thursday we're flying up to Sweden
to spend Christmas cuz or my family
lives in Mora in Sweden in donna.donna
and your family or your mother's side my
grandma grew up in Darwin are like 20
minutes from your house yeah so we're
gonna spend Christmas with my family and
yannis mom in dolana in Sweden so we're
gonna hang out unfortunately we don't
have haunts well haunts the G or haunts
the actual brother haunts there no I
should come I know haunts come on here
I'm we're finally making it to Sweden
for Christmas which is like a first and
for you probably like five years
Oh more yeah since we've been together
we haven't been to Sweden which is six
years yeah but I know my mom's food is
just so incredible that it's worth just
going for the food yeah I'm super
excited for Christmas I haven't had a
single lissabon yet and that's the first
thing I'm gonna buy when I come Sweden
yeah I want to make well I want to make
like no cinnamon rolls oh no tried oh
that's the best what else loves loose
abullah all my Swedes
yeah we saw lots of people loving the
scible oh yeah and for you English
people it's like saffron buns saffron
buns but if you come in like twisting
but if you combined a cinnamon roll with
a saffron bun that's when you get super
epic ah I might have to cook that now
that I'm like a homely but we do it in
Sweden friend yeah of course of course
because then I can get help for my mom
no I don't like the raisins in it no no
Rach I think that's the way that's where
you need the cinnamon roll style ah and
then connect as well
anyways let's try to see if we can make
the comments go sing in Swedish loose
abullah Swedish ah
Lombok why haven't you talked about
Lombok in a long time because I've been
too busy traveling and doing a lot of
too many things but I we're trying to we
were supposed to go to Lombok in
November yeah we were too tired yeah we
travel too much so we're trying to cut
down on traveling we are sitting there
looking at our schedule this morning and
we're trying to be realistic because
when you look at a schedule you see like
Dubai Bali Japan and all this but we
don't see oh but we don't see is the
actual traveling involved with it
because no matter how fun it is it does
like kind of break your body down with
jetlag and everything so we're trying to
be more realistic we like spending time
here that's super nice like just doing
totally normal things like super normal
and what normal is you can check out in
tomorrow's vlog I saw one comment about
women I will post my Q&A and I will
force him to film it tomorrow morning so
it will be live tomorrow yeah so then
y'all have two videos tomorrow yeah so
follow me guys okay yeah sure and
actually don't follow like can you it'd
be great if a few people could
unsubscribe because we said we'd do
something big on a million and for some
reason sub said going up quicker than
expected so so I'm gonna probably ask a
few people that subscribe so we don't
hit a million until we
I'd loved it a million on the 18th of
January so I might need some help on
that I think will be the first youtubers
to ask people to unsubscribe but once
again when it comes to subscribers I see
a log a lot of comments like you should
have more subs in all this and as long
as we have views and people like what we
do that's the important part
like subs they don't you know they don't
help anything financially and I don't
have a personal ego like I need a
million like I'm happy if you guys are
liking the videos we do that's a lot
more important and that's actually true
how long I want to be engaged yeah
what's your when were you joking about
it and then I didn't really think about
it so yes all of a sudden it happened
I'm not a thinker no Yanni's not the
kind of girl that like thinks too much
and like ah I don't think at least no
but I thought about it for probably a
year and a half was when I first started
looking at rigs but I always knew that
when we're engaged I want to get married
within a year yeah that is a must for us
yes what is the ring that you're wearing
we're married guys no check out
tomorrow's vlog no we're not married
that would not weren't married yet but
in Sweden we have engagement rings yes
we do and what it is you can check out
tomorrow what's your goals for 2018
travel less that's my goal I have more
time to enjoy the things we do and a new
goal I came up with today do more things
when you're actually in now like in the
now and not in front of a screen or
yeah we're we're pretty good at doing a
million amazing things but really bad at
like appreciating it because I I always
think that whatever I'm doing now will
affect what happens later but I focused
too much and what happens later instead
of enjoying what happens now so that's a
mutual goal yeah
live in the moment I should get a tattoo
live in the moment on my arm remind
myself if I'm so bad at thinking about
it I saw a comment when is the only
getting a car and the only car I
actually liked and would have is the
golf cart the Gori I go kite maybe
there's something on the way there I
like electric cars and I like small cars
yeah you like cute cars cute small
that's easy to park if you just want to
like go somewhere quickly park it then
it's the best car even though you can't
go on the highway but whatever so you're
saying a convertible G is the best
because you have off-road tires so you
can just hit the curb you don't have to
ever that's better for you no that's
just saying it's easy yeah that is
something I'm truly gonna enjoy like the
entrance of the parking garage they're
so narrow so when you have big rims like
on the rolls so the rs6 it's like a
nightmare driving in now I can just hit
every curb and not be worried about the
rims yeah that's nice really excited
about that you can't really do that with
a golf cart no I would be scared about
the rims
no it's getting and taking care of the
rims yeah is there a 1 million
subscriber special yes like please don't
subscribe quickly yeah we went through
that we have ideas but we need some time
it's been a lot of kids question and
then there was a question please buy an
rs6 again
oh you're distracted what is it what if
I gave you a tease that an Audi is
currently being Specht for winter
delivery letting the cat out of the bag
here yeah talking about kids that was
like kids so you were like oh the car oh
yeah what about kids what do you think
about kids
we want to get married first and or at
least I want sorry about the TV turning
off for the light I want to get married
first and then I want kids but everyone
on my Instagram feed is pregnant right
now it feels like Congrats guys
a lot of my friends but funny story is
that Yanni never talked about kids like
you know her sister got two kids now and
she wasn't you could tell that you know
it was like oh it's nice but it's later
and then like in the last 4 months 3
months it's switched and I'm good I
don't want kids now now you know
everyone is gonna say like oh you bring
that don't bring no it's gonna be like 9
months
okay but I'm not pregnant and we're
gonna wait until after the wedding so
wedding wedding yeah so that's why we
need a wedding real quick just I am
totally ready to be a stay-at-home dad
because I've traveled the world for 20
years and it'd be incredible
I think I think a baby would be the only
thing that could help me live in the now
and they said a boy or a girl
Yanni has a plan for this I'm gonna get
pregnant have twins a boy and a girl
BAM done sounds good to me and I only
have to be pregnant once and I know you
can never say what you want but I think
if you think about it enough it will
happen it does happen for you but yeah
two kids but who knows maybe we can't
get kids but that's like a later issue
yeah where's Benny
Benny's at home yeah I'm trying not to
call or text Benny I'm trying to make
Benny enjoy some time with his parents
and friends and like away from the vlog
so that he doesn't get sick of us
what are you guys do for New Year's we
told you oh maybe you didn't see from
the American merchandise
I should have new samples come to Sweden
so hopefully the production company have
managed to do something that I approve
of and as soon as we have that we will
let you guys know and when is the gia
ready the GES very should we're hoping
the G is ready until the 18th of January
for the snow tour in Oslo so if you're
in Oslo on the 18th and you were gonna
come see a Batmobile and a convertible G
then you know we'll post more on that
later
when are you going skiing that depends a
little on the weather but we're gonna go
ski with my parents in Sweden and then
that's not normal skiing right can you
probably both yeah mostly cross-country
because I want a cross-country ski with
my parents because when I was a kid I
couldn't understand why anyone would do
that because it's just boring now that
I'm all grown up I understand why my
parents wanted to do it I've thought
about it oh and then at least I'm going
to st. Moritz
so Mohit and hopefully I am a Jew that
would be nice to ski in the farm and oh
sorry I don't know it could be my
brother or the car brother Sanskar
Monday's waterless Allison intersperse
he had come into the stove you say my
brother's fans girl no when are you
moving to your new house
I'm sure the more bailouts they mean
yeah you talk I read comments we're
gonna do some changes in the house like
the floors and repainted it already but
we're not gonna live there full-time but
I don't know when we're gonna we're
gonna live there and like change those
things along the way yeah like as you
know I have like 1 gazillion idea so we
want to like we have so many ideas we
want to do but we're also sorry but
we're also trying to not do we want to
have enough time to like like tonight we
cooked home we're chilling we're we're
enjoying the simple things so we're
trying to work on that but I am looking
forward to seeing the house and then I
saw when are you getting a new flat in
Monaco and we've been looking at a lot
of them but we found one that we really
wanted and it was big it was perfect
perfect location perfect view but then
the couple before us they took it fast
yeah it wasn't meant to be no no but
then every other apartment we're looking
at it's not as good so it's not worth
moving because then I prefer this
apartment yeah we love this one but it
wouldn't it be nice to have a slightly
bigger version but it's fine when it's
only you and me yeah and when it's I'll
sorry try it again also with us being
here now in the winter
there's not people sitting out there
with a camera so that makes a big
difference so as long as you stay away
from this place isn't in August then and
then it's a beautiful place
do you know slap them no I met Slaton a
couple times first time I was riding in
my yellow Lamborghini and slut that's
like thumbs up I was like really excited
so a German phrase German is reka
inefficient Deutsch that Arbour nicht
feel good what you're always speaking a
bit of German yeah but not very good I
can only say scheisse I could just read
comments I mean yeah Yanni is great at
doing through thing two things at once
like if I am on my computer I cannot I
don't know anything that's going on
anywhere else but you can actually do
two things at the same time and then I
actually I've seen so many marques
comments and I was actually I was
talking to Marcus the other day and he
might actually join this no tour in
Norway so fine you know maybe we can
find a plane to throw Marcus at the
plane sky I want to join
yeah but I'm hoping we won't find a
plane for me if you do no but that would
be super fun if if that all comes
together yeah so that way we have Benny
Marr well Marcus would be filming and
photography for the snow tour so I hope
it wasn't confirmed but I think it
should hopefully work out
yeah super-fun finally thank you
favorite vacation I would probably say
the the one that I'm thinking about
first is no Bali when we went to the
island outside Komodo Komodo
that's my probably the best trip I've
ever had I agree completely
Komodo in in Indonesia that is the
nicest place you can possibly go to so
cool and so different from everything
else yeah
I've seen quite a few comments how do
you invest your money like I so we have
a stock portfolio that we don't manage
ourselves but we get help and that's
really boring I prefer to put money into
real estate or personal projects and
investment like that because I think
that is way more fun and can also bring
a much bigger return a stock portfolio
will probably give you hopefully a safe
low present but if you don't I think if
you put it into personal projects the
chances of you know tenfold return or I
wouldn't say big but they're there but
now I see that we just passed the 20
minute mark so really yeah
so I think it's time for us to call it a
night and maybe watch a bit more dynasty
if you haven't seen dynasty you should
check out that TV series we just watched
was it called how can I forget
Riverdale Riverdale I asked on my
Instagram for TV serie tips tips Swedish
when I'm tired
anyways and a lot of people said
Riverdale and we just watched all the
episodes there is and now we started
dynasty three tips guys so yeah we are
gonna keep enjoying this one no put them
in the comments instead yeah but either
way thanks for watching
hope it's you know of course these are
not high quality videos but at least
they hope that you enjoy them and now
I'm about to make a really lonely ending
to a live session I just have so many
things I want to say but we're just
gonna say good night and we'll see it
tomorrow at 4 p.m. CET we'll check out
the ring guy and like couple other
things what this is yeah I think it's
just you it wasn't me have us yet
anyways thank you guys for watching we
hope you enjoyed our little get-together
here on a Wednesday night Thursday what
day is it Wednesday Wednesday when no
it's Tuesday okay life it's almost
Christmas gotta live for social media
you have no idea what day it is because
they're all the same yeah okay see you
guys soon
ciao ciao
see you tomorrow Turtles guys
