good morning good morning I am so sore
from the workout yesterday already
entered barely get out of bed but as you
can see we have a bit of a mess going on
here a big mess because we are packing
we are off to London this afternoon yes
we had a last-minute offer from British
Airways asking do you guys want to come
to London and do cool things and of
course and then go to split the new cool
things we're like yeah of course
so yeah we are packing up here because
first we're going to London then split
and then find a Munich to pick up the
Lambo and go ski yes so we're trying to
pack for Lana split that's he and then
Marbella and then find Tamar Bay out for
meetings so I don't know we're gonna bag
wise like and everything is gonna have
to fit in the Lambo yes we yeah we're
gonna we're gonna have to do some
organizing and come back to you once we
have a plan because I don't know how to
fit all the ski gear in backpacks that
are Lambo friendly hmm yeah we have a
bit of organizing to do it's the
organizing challenge but yeah we I mean
we'd like to travel on new cool thanks
who are we to say no things like that
yep so are you ready on it Pizza so
Rachel trying and that is like
me Markus just spent an hour going
through all the ski gear and like
figuring that out so we have one huge
bag with key gear out there yeah but I
feel like we're nearing completion and
you're 55 minutes to go until the Texan
comes it's like five vacations in one
with limited space in the middle and the
left chaos yeah chaos on it certain
ready are you ready good you and left
yes okay let's go No would you have this
Yali
but you're by not mine either close back
and I checked
why we are not getting cold air from AC
yeah it's because it's winter and
there's only the heat option that's for
now it's it yeah so it's it possible to
get cold air it doesn't make much sense
when it's summer
everything the worm yeah
the worm is better with three thank you
so much thank you there we go Hollis yes
I realized last time I was in London it
was to go skiing it was it yeah it was a
bigger event okay ah yeah so yeah I was
in London to ski but then the time
before that it was pretty early yeah so
I've never been to London and done
longer ish thanks one day when you
travel enough you're gonna learn to
what happened we ran because we thought
we're late there's a lot of people okay
so it's a plenty of time let's relax or
yeah there we can sit now we can board
on here - we didn't tell them that Yanni
was about to board the Brussels fight as
well Yann is excited yeah she's just
ready to move
Thank You 20a next each other more ABC
we're finally seeing it together finally
who's gonna have the window seat window
seat has the B row
middle C and Yunus the bureau master so
exactly you have the oh look at the lens
flare oh oh hold on me want to take
photo it's more fun to take photos than
to sit on the plane Yanni wants to sit
on the plane let's all take pictures I
don't have memory card he only stole it
I did not steal it
well you did my card he only stole it
yes it was mine it's just I stole it
from you and you stole it for me back
follow you and on Instagram to see this
amazing picture I'm gonna work on my
Instagram hello
is it to your ol time yes I'll write it
for it I'm ready I'm always ready for
people
you
Oh
you
ah
ladies gentlemen welcome to levity
throat terminal fine if you've enjoyed
this short burger that's this evening we
wish you a safe bet got it means I can
get dressed or non summer weather Yanni
always picks up the luggage why lot of
why's why honey why yeah but do you like
it yeah okay I feel bad when she does it
when I was me too but somebody has to
feel sure let us get cut lemons
maybe she want to do it she like walks
over there to pick it up instead of
waiting for it okay okay fine by me
we're in relaxed mode remember I had a
nice nap on the flight yeah I did not
but I ate cookies yeah Marcus woke up
hey you want a cookie it's banana
vanilla chocolate well chuckling yes
okay let's go there John
thank you
oh I don't
so
it's too dark for this camera on yeah
stupid good thing we're thinking about
upgrade just follow me guys over here
follow you yes travel leader now always
um with me I'm with you okay
I follow you blindly every year do you
want to go um yes hair okay this is my
room
enjoy guys bar we I don't know
oh wait what what are you doing if it's
one up and one down
that's stupid oh look at this mini bar
bye bye bye bye it's too dark to feeling
we have a problem yeah yeah that's why
we need the sony a7s - - it's one up and
one down
why that's so stupid it's stupid right
stupid hello back up there - did we know
our Savior yeah thank you
yes cleared up I'm not hungry at all
nope your time with me neither
but you need it tomorrow we honey yeah
okay involve you take your time
photographing this wonderful burger I
say that we end the vlog for today we've
had a long awesome date started with a
bunch of work got that done packed up
got our stuff organized to go skiing and
travel around and went to London and now
we're gonna have a cheeseburger so uh
yeah today we can just say good night
everybody hey I'm gonna try that English
me neither we will see you guys tomorrow
yeah
