good morning ice morning good morning
summer has not realized that it's over
no lovers children sleeping with an open
door the whole night because our a/c
doesn't work
yeah and it's too hot yeah it's full
full summer out there but we like summer
it's not bad when you are in Monaco I'm
just about to call them the sales man
that we met the other day to see if we
can actually since we're in Monaco I
think we should maybe try to jump in a
car rather than just look at it in a
short mmm so my goal for today is to try
to test the car test the car exactly
yeah so I'm going to check here see if
we can do that
hello we already wanted Marcus we just
want to see how fast the Ferrari and an
ulcer ready yep are we ready to go try
the cars first we got a walk and Marco I
guess we walk everywhere Yanni likes
it's maybe not for for viewers no I say
we spend this time over to where we're
going and we are after 30 minutes of
walking on the other side of Monaco yes
the biggest
in the world know the smallest no well
yeah I'm almost smallest yeah but now
we're here and we're gonna go look at
cars maybe drive a car
yep and most importantly see what the
missus things with everything I'm the
boss we've got the driver how to test
drive a car in Monaco go have a look at
a couple I'll try not to get excited
which is gonna be hard
yeah nice
this is where we should have done the
horse plot car-spotting challenge there
is a secret door yeah but that would
have been a good place here look to this
just for you to bribe yeah yeah just get
a feel for the size
we do need an exhaust this fits
perfectly
oh it's so nice let's face it this is
actually my first time driving the whole
roads
yes yeah is it have been in them a lot
but I don't think I'm cool the action is
something I go beyond so you can feel ok
see cannot press this you can move here
listen just
I love through but I don't like that
it's only two doors the two doors
sporty-er yeah but I know you always get
angry when you have to jump out jump off
like gonna happen that's four doors but
look at the roofs bell yeah but you can
have that with four doors oh this is so
different from what you had this like
fixes back problems instead of the Lambo
making them the Alice's so you told me
you have to become ordered so now it's
an opportunity to become older yeah I'm
holder and more relaxed for sure you get
more relaxed in the store yeah 100%
unbelievably comfortable it's the most
comfortable car very silent shoes what
do you think on it I would get you can't
stop the engine in the morning without
waking up all the neighbors yeah that we
haven't been able to do in the past
no it's something different driving
you're stunned but you know the engine
is very powerful
yeah I've seen numbers on how much power
it has and and honesty it could be a
very good advertising for rolls-royce if
somebody like you drive a car like this
yeah
you
you
you
it's so soft it's like driving on clouds
it is and we're driving it's hard to
find a better place to test driver roles
that's true or any car yes hope you
default there let's fly the drone yeah
yeah from the front seat or in the
passenger seat for Royce and that way we
can see what this thing looks like yep
listen
you
just follow the smart yeah so no
probably beep it's okay what do you
think on it I like you approve good
why do you think you okay you would have
four dogs yeah let's check out the ghost
it's pretty much the same car put four
to four doors yep two guards are cooler
I think so this is basically the same
car only four door
and a bit more boxy in the design okay
I'll let you have a look at it I prefer
the ffs I'll keep sugar okay how's the
back seat converter no storeroom here no
Stan I'm Himmel what do you think is it
the same it's very similar this man
feels over biased
yeah it's an older model I love both to
be honest yeah I mean of course we like
them but like oh there we go so nice
here you can edit back here I think
looking at this make it more difficult
because Yanni has a point the four doors
makes the car wait nice and use more
practical no headed when everyone is
going out for the backseat see your vote
goes towards this yes so new to me the
whole luxury car smooth like speed bumps
or what did you guys find
we come around to this side wait look
how tiny this it's X lon
our golf cart yeah every time he sees
the car like this look so cute I think
it's cool to finally some sound
but it been making it hard
yes yes yes I'm going so back and forth
meet you just your face when it started
up you like
what do you think party pooper
well I see that's the difference between
sitting on the internet and thinking
about things and seeing them in real
life hearing feeling and everything yeah
I will admit this got me more excited
than I expected
what did you say on it it is is it just
a normal car yeah I think it's like I
see the sports car but it's a cool car
but I still think the mini white boys
boy yeah I got excited when you started
it we have a fund um mom in June yeah we
realized that whenever something's
difficult to decide it's a fun down
moment and Marcus is funding between the
roles in the family
oh yeah what's the Ferrari and so am i
yeah you're fun dumbing as well I wasn't
it yeah don't only way they're less fun
love it
yes
now this is totally different yeah I
mean it's not a car but it's a hundred
percent different yes it's stiff and
fast and sporty and hard and is there a
lift kit on this or do you
same speed bump is like totally
different right you've been manual how
do we switch over to manual so you press
on Auto
the smile on your face I was fully on
Team rolls-royce 20 minutes ago yes but
this was before yeah now I really really
don't know
so you're scoring high on the fandom
scale yeah but it's a yeah it's two
different things you're in my opinion
yeah you have time to have a rolls-royce
so you are on Team 4ff and I think so
work harder and have both
four-seater is not supposed to be able
to do that but this does and it can be
yours your like this the most yes so too
much things in your head yeah I like to
think about things but I'm smiling more
now we are all right we got to do we got
to go work out to clear our heads yeah a
lot more than I thought I was ready for
a rolls-royce but now I don't know now I
just have a look when you drive off here
and see our neck from the outside yeah
black wheels black windows
skee box straight pipes straight box
to complete the whole thing I love the
rolls but I smiled more 1ff got started
up believe it that sleep on it please
let me know what you guys think and yeah
put it in the comments help us out
yep but yeah it was it's like you forget
how incredible it is that you are able
to test drive something like this like I
never thought that I ever would do that
when I was a kid yeah so that's the
conclusion soak it in the edge and
conclusion is some confused it's already
dark yeah yeah a regular workout spot
there is there in pitch black in like
six minutes yeah so we call this nice
underneath something place hi Randi
Marcus yes camera or your body
let's fifty-fifty with hey I'm a human
tripod right
I'm fondling you still fun coming
between filming or working out I feel
like I'm like this this is my fun down
right now so this is that fair let's
workout that's where I can stop messing
around
Oh
Oh done god I gotta get in better shape
retired yeah Yanni is killing me no
push-ups was the only thing I was better
at yeah yeah yeah well the abscess
I feel good getting back into shape but
it's frustrating when you fill this sort
of shape but now it's time to say
however that
no oh ah do ma you'll ever go from job
