I'm ready okay ready yes all right well
good morning then good morning from
beautiful Monaco we are having a
kick-ass morning here and today we
thought we make a bit of a special video
because over the last two hundred and
two days we have gotten like probably a
million question about gear drones and
everything so we wanted to make one
video and talk about all the gear we
have and explain what we like and what
we have learned in our vlog life so I
say we we start with drums drones are
fun you look like you're trying to sell
me something on TV shop this is our TV
shop setup and want a new found such a
perfect place so here it is the TV show
of our video log yep so drunk we have
the Phantom 4 and the Mavic book from DJ
and I know that there's so many
questions in regards to which one's
better which ones you'll be getting so
basically here's the difference in
traveling so this is an incredible drone
to travel with and it's epic for us
there are a couple of things that I
think the phantom does better one we fly
a lot on boats windy conditions and
crazy stuff and when this thing is
incoming it is easy to grab in your
hands so landing this when it's windy
for sure better then trying to grab this
like this since you have the propellers
coming like this you go like that and
you chop your fingers off yeah so hand
landings phantom wins hands down yeah
and it's also a bit more stable in the
wind compared to the manage that is true
so hand landings stable in the wind
smaller and image quality same same yeah
like we can't tell the difference so
unless you land
on moving boats and windy conditions get
this actually when speaking of drones I
want to hear I want you to tell the
story on the Mavic when you're flying in
a storm and yes even validus I was
filming you know surfing and all the
only guy surfing and I was flying this
guy's a little knobby and he was winded
and the boat started to leave and I had
34 sun-god realize like we're talking
super windy like storm yes yeah storm
and both leaving and yeah I was flying
home I was trying to land it but it was
so unstable it was like I was going full
speed in Sports one and it's unstable -
it's going like this so basically I
crash-landed the Mavi on the boat I aim
for the boat which is like seven meters
long and I just rammed it crash landed
straight into the boat yeah like just
into a wall like this the surfboards and
yes surfboards are like some bad sin
like yeah I love the attitude
yeah I actually went backwards to
protect the camera ah smart right smart
yeah
so tip of the day avoid boats and storms
and yeah or just go for in crash-landed
just trash pack yep still alive it's
durable I love it okay so cameras we are
now shooting on the like SL and here we
have the Leica Q on the Fayette akimbo
let me fire this up here
so this is a setup that we have started
to use more because relays in Monaco for
example we're constantly walking around
and we realized that when we shoot on
this you know either me or Marcus are
kind of like walking behind like it's
just awkward to shoot us as a crew but
when you have a gimble in your stable we
can just walk like this let's do a
comparison okay I'm reckon I'm wrecking
so I walk this way
and back
so for this type of stuff
yeah we've started to use gimble's more
and more because they are good for
certain things when you're walking
around I mean Marcus are talking it
becomes an easier natural way of
vlogging without having kind of shakes
yep so yeah we like Gimbels so basically
two main cameras thank you usually used
on the gimbal and the SL with all the
lenses we have so maybe move over to
lenses before we do lenses we forgot
about this guy stabilizer for the like
SL glide cam mm yes yeah so shooting
with this creates sick images but you
can't really walk around Monaco holding
this the whole time so we love the thing
but it's very rare that we have the
opportunity to use it yeah we mostly use
it for skiing actually skiing and when
we are shooting yani together
yeah like when we were on a film crew
like if we want to do like if we were to
go out and choose something really sick
this would be used
I love no shakes but this is just it
kills our workbook yeah it is it's too
big in too much of a hassle yeah at
least for our two-man crew yeah we also
have the Leica MP I guess since we got
the cue we haven't used this much no so
this is mostly really cool shoot photos
with Markus is in love with his camera
yeah like really he doesn't care what
cameras look like but he does love this
yes I do and it shoots good video as
well yeah it's cool we use it sometimes
before like behind the scenes stuff and
when we need a third camera for our
daily blog yes and then yeah lenses so
over the course of us starting to vlog
we have tried a lot of different
solutions the lens we have on now is a
24 to 9 to 24 to 90 it's autofocus and
it's zoom lens these lenses are manual
focus and these are better lenses these
three here primes primes
so no zoom manual focus kind of opinion
as to deal with but they shoot better
pictures but then
have the aspect when you should have
blog like do we want the best possible
picture or do we want to get a lot of
shots like let's show this soon here as
an example if Marcus didn't have soon he
would have to take this lens you know
open take off put on and we have kind of
come to realize that primes that you
can't zoom with slows us down so we use
these less and less even though we love
the look of them maybe we should show
let's show what these different lenses
look like so you get an idea why you
would want to use this yeah we now have
the 35
do you like the 35 I love the 35 me too
this gets a more blurry background for
those who can't see the difference and
to use the manual lenses you have to do
a lot of practice like Marcus has gotten
really good at it but it's not something
you switched overnight now totally
doable focus wise but it takes practice
51 point 1 yeah
really hard to focus I'm moving around a
little here just you have some moving
thank you
it's like birds in the background are
just like dots and then we go back to
the 24 to 90 so we see the difference
I'm guessing looking quite different
yeah for birds
yeah I mean on some some occasions you
don't want to learn background because
you want to show them you know
everything around you at least you can
see the difference I mean the primes are
more Pro looking and we like crazy Pro
cinema looks we also want to avoid to
show where you are what you're doing
that's true so yeah it's all about
finding the balance let's talk about
sound we have come to realize sound is a
difficult thing when you're vlogging
because you're constantly throwing your
bat your camera in and out of the bag
it's windy you want the sound from
behind you want the sound from them
front so in the past we have used the
rode mics and the like ASL sound
adaptors you have to use this adapter to
get the sound on the SL and now we're
using actually the internal mic with the
fuss on top so you can we had to make a
get a solution on the boat but the
a little dead cat a mohawk the Mohawk is
great when it's windy it prevents things
from being killed by the wind it's
really good actually yeah it works
fantastically then I think you guys saw
that I bought this it's an external
screen that we used or use on the like
SLE we haven't had the proper time to
set it up everything the good thing with
this is that you have a bigger screen so
makes it easier to focus as you see
everything better and you can also tilt
it down so if your camera is below you
you can look down yeah whereas on the
internal screen you can't see anything
if you should know a low angle a lot of
questions in regards to water housing
where we use underwater
you probably shouldn't throw a like SL
in a universal plastic pack but this has
worked really well for us so far yeah
you don't want to go and get crushed in
waves with this but for shooting in the
pool and like playing around in water it
works really when diving and stuff yeah
like snorkeling yeah
Universal works for all DSLR cameras and
it's just fun depth good quality
underwater and we use it with a eleven
to twenty three lens eleven to twenty
three this is the widest lens we have
it's the easiest to shoot with because
everything is usually in focus but it's
boring it's more boring that's the thing
that we have realized that throughout
the last two hundred and two days we
have had faces like we'll have a face
when we will just shoot the epic little
primes then we'll have a face with the
24 we're in a 24 to 90 face right now
yeah for sure and we've been for like
two weeks maybe yeah and then we had a
face with pretty much only this yeah
that was a nice face yeah it was good
let's move to this does anyone know what
this is I don't I think you're the only
one it's a video recording device this
is what enables us to put a camera of a
cable in here to the like to the
computer so we could shoot the live
stream on the Leica yeah so if you want
to yeah do live streams you can get one
of these guys what else do we have
oh wait you forgot the 9280 and that's
your favorite lens this is my favorite
the mega long lens it just it's just
cool actually let's shoot a little with
a couple different lenses and in slo-mo
and we'll show you what it looks like
what's the vlog without a b-roll
I know one thing that we kind of haven't
talked about okay why have we chosen the
like a queue and the like SL do you
wanna if you answer to the SL I can
answer to the queue and the SL is the
colors that's my main thing for for the
like slow motion and colors it's good
it's a good camera yeah we think it's
the best DSLR camera that you can have
at the moment yeah even though it isn't
the DSLR but it's the same size yeah
well mirrorless well there's two
negative things about it I would say one
is the note 3 if you want to use a
shotgun mic you have to use this adapter
that's stupid
that is unnecessary to if you compare
this to a Sony in low-light the Sony
will kill this any the other week
third thing when you shoot in 4k it's a
heavy file format from like to edit in
4k in the computer and then this guy
it's super light it takes incredible
photos shoots really nice video and yeah
for being a small camera it's it's just
incredible yes this downside is you only
have 24 30 and 60 frames per second we
would have wanted maybe you know 4k
option or 24 for a couple more film
features but generally it's it's an
incredible camera if I were to buy one
camera and just have one for photo and
film it would actually be the like a
cute and young he loves it too
Yanni loves it as well like anyone who
tries this falls in love with it one
thing we haven't talked about is slow
motion and regular speed on this on that
like SL we shoot 24 frames per second
for all the stuff when we're talking and
then all the slow-mo is usually shot in
120 which is like really slow motion
this camera only has 30 or 60 so we
shoot at all in 60 and then we speed it
up or slow it down so we combine the two
you're not supposed to but I think it
works pretty well and then we have these
two guys GoPros GoPro session and they
hero4 black the hero4 black better
camera this one's slightly smaller I
think in the end if you surfing or doing
stuff like that you can't really tell
the difference
Noby mix it up a bit and no one seems to
see the difference they think they can
but they can't yeah you probably could
compare some wise but yeah both are good
cameras but we try to avoid using it as
much as possible because we want to
shoot the best possible picture so if we
jump in the pool I'd rather put this on
the cell then you know just put a
plastic case on this now that's true but
it is difficult to put the SL in this
and then get that on the front of a
surfboard and so when we do need to use
them they're great for what they are but
we try to use them try to use good
cameras as much as we can then settings
wise settings we get a lot of questions
we shoot 120 in HD
yeah that's where yeah we should 120
frames so we shoot slow-mo everything so
if we want to bring it into slo-mo we
can but we can also play in regular
speed with self yes that's one thing I
love about this camera you can shoot 120
which is slow-motion like the Leica you
can still have sound on it when we shoot
slow motion on the Leica
we don't have sound like editing GoPro
footage is the worst footage to edit 4k
from this compared to red 6k wrong yeah
it's like it's like comparing a bus to a
Ferrari
this is a bus to edit and that red is a
Ferrari and Ferrari so fast
prayers are fasting I mean a Lambo I'm a
Lambo guess we should start a level so
yeah I hope we sort of went through
everything we have and that we managed
to squeeze all the questions in a one
vlog and if we missed anything just feel
free to comment and we'll make sure to
reply to all the technical questions yep
I hope we got everything in there well
yeah bottom line is like we want and
like have the same quality as Michael
Bay when he shoots transformers but we
also want to make sure that we keep that
we keep content the way it should be
because I know you guys hate when we
shoot beautiful things that are boring
we want to produce the best vlogs on the
internet and it's by no means easy we
try our best every single day and I hope
you guys like it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow that way well I hope you guys
enjoy this I think it's better to do one
vlog with everything in it
than to just spread everything out and
show a normal day when we just go to the
grocery store yes so yeah enjoy this and
we'll come back with a full big day vlog
tomorrow ciao up on me okay sorry one
ball no chop-chop
