good morning good morning good morning
today's a good day we're a team and
we're going to go and do a bunch of
stuff we are going to get like new SIM
cards through credit cards insurances
and most importantly we're going to go
look at cars so we're gonna see what
Yana thinks Rolls Royces Ferraris and
all that sort of stuff so I think it's
going to be a good day it's sunny and
warm and nice and monaco so nothing to
complain about
watch out I'm insured
well banishment yep Oh what's this
mission to shake
let's go away Chantry yeah yeah gosh we
have cards life is back to in control
nice for the next day or so before I
lose it again why does there always have
to be a moped like trying to rep maximum
whenever we're talking she knows us
she knows sometimes I don't think hours
it could take it could take a little
while so and it doesn't work we'll go
check that out then we'll see you at
home all right mm-my soon I've heard you
said cars what cars yeah I mean we don't
really have a plan because we haven't
really thought about a new car but then
since we started talking for Sears and
we're Monica we figured it's smart for
us to just go in there look like see how
different options feel yep so I think
the two things we're gonna check our
bowls and Ferraris perfo you just go see
what they how they feel you know yeah
numbers and things are one thing but I
mean we fill up our peel off that we
don't want to deal like get rid of them
so nope this is kind of like just
researched it but I do have my guard car
with me what's your limit
never hit the limit on it yes and it's
pretty high is it far
not like 200 yards okay
yards I don't know what yards all yards
it's like a meter large Americans
understand and the yard is like a mirror
it's it very close okay
so 200 meters then 200 meters okay
perfect
we're here yeah but it's enormous
that's what we want right like the F F
is a big car but this is like insanity
and it has a rolls flow go yeah let me
jump in ah cupholders yes point over
Huracan that does not have cup holders
jet how does it feel you know what it
feels great
simple answer yeah we got a sunroof yeah
but there would be a ski box up there if
we happen whatever we get is gonna get a
ski box and cover up doesn't this have
an umbrella there's something out here
in case it's raining yep which is
actually genius it is what stud FF as
well yeah okay so I'm gonna say I love
this car
like I don't get excited for a lot of
things sports cars no except for the
Huracan but this this has my attention
yeah I was actually rooting for the FS
but I think I'm kind of leaning over
division see this is Yogi's fault she's
like I love Rolls Royces just she does
not care about car nope and the doors
yeah it's like this is of course better
and more fun to drive I have had a lot
of sports cars so yeah okay
so it isn't a special but then again I
never had a Ferrari either so a lot of
Lambos but we got to do a back seat test
yep Kabul Red Bull Red Bull sized
you like it plenty of room of course I
like it it has a back seat it's mega
mega cool it's so big it is huge its
enormous yeah so rave is some vaccine
approved and then I love the door so
they come out this way
it's called suicide doors I think yes it
is right because you can open it and
jump out I mean there's plenty of space
yeah but I remember trying to sleep here
on gumball' and it was panorama sunroof
once again see books yeah but you can
maybe see like in the side yeah it it's
nice with the full panoramic roof it is
right I told you it was nice that's
actually kind of small it's not huge but
on the other hand we're usually never 4
people so that's true but then you look
at this that's huge
the challenge is to put a ski box on
these cars but I have a couple ideas on
this one cuz you have them mounted on
the side maybe instead of like screws
yeah put on the Nissan GTR we took a
drill and made holes in the roof and I
wouldn't do this one let's go yes you do
yeah we're very put the ski box on but
on this one I wouldn't do that but I I
have some good ideas I think if I wanted
like a full-blood anilinium roof could I
you could change the glass on the minion
the best would be yeah to have an
iminium coke yes and then maybe and then
when you're finished you I wouldn't ask
for your time unless reversers FF FF I
know how Drive so yes I don't need to
drive good that would be yes
thank you thank you have a good day yeah
appreciate you put up with our strange
requests on ski boxes on successful
mission number three yeah but we got a
little more into details than I had
initially planned yeah like getting to
the point where we're checking cost for
replacing rails for the touch ski books
but first we got a run back home and
figure out what we are doing tomorrow so
actually let's spin back home spin back
home back home we are back home we are
about to go to the beach though and
actually work out we have a workout team
leader here yeah because we have been my
back's been bad we've been traveling too
much and physical activity yeah lazy
well I know not lazy but physical
activity has been suffering yeah so it
is like a body bikini challenge oh I
don't think in my way anything with the
body is gonna make us tired so break
from thinking about cars we've been
telling Jani all about what we saw today
and that we are probably gonna test
drive it tomorrow yeah we'll see we'll
see how I quite decided yet
now let's get on with our lives and not
get
cup like au n-- thing like deciding
camel weird yeah that's right get
monkeys you're joining right yes you was
you're joining our orca to have to yes
well okay it's good for us okay then we
have first one coach okay let's go
oh those first one sucked
how long did it rest for one minute what
and then how many times are we ended
this hey guys
oh those first muggle jumps crap crap
really like I was like doing trying to
do everything in my legs were cramping
son how else is good can I sit back it
was good but I can feel that we have
been back injured and like slacking
that's liking Quitman psyching yet ever
you made it yep well not we're back on
track
yeah let's do it tomorrow as well Oh
Wednesday but I'm worried about my body
tomorrow like it's gonna hurt I know my
body well enough to know when
something's gonna be painful as it may
be if we do that test drive tomorrow we
might have to postpone it to like the
day after Chet what the Sun setting here
on beautiful monocle yep Suns gone yeah
the sun's gone this is our day yes
beautiful day so I say we say boner II
Adam ah blah blah and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
