good morning how are you guys saw you're
fired you're believing for so long yeah
I think we just realized we slept 11
hours
I wish we were so relaxed yesterday when
we weren't filming so I think we needed
some sleep
me too like a lot mmm agree Marcus you
look dead I want to see more me too
let's just leave today yeah let's take
another day off okay no we're getting a
dress to get right back but yeah that
was awesome
and we are back with energy finally yeah
we have pretty much left 10 over 12 11
hours last night and 11 hours the night
before and that was really really really
nice yes so now the team Overkill's back
in full speed and today's mission is to
go and check out what cool boats you can
find a monocle on a regular Sunday yeah
Sunday mission so let's go check out
what Monica has to offer super yacht
Weis
actually let's let's start with that
boat out there whoa that's big
we need the long lance for this yeah
we're bringing out the full arsenal
today because we are energized let's cut
to the long lengths BAM how does it look
through the long lens so huge it's a
sick boat on a normal October is it
October overlooked all right September
all right we are almost at the yacht
spotting bird so yeah all right we're
almost at the Harbor which is Monaco's
yacht spotting spot number one much
easier the cars starting to run around
Jason she had a funny thing is the huge
boat over there I thought that was maybe
that one but now I see that we have a
serious boat to go check out let's get
to these here first yeah well we hope we
have one giant that's usually not here
so that's cool and then you have like a
million insane ones they look small but
they're actually very sane they're
insane yeah like here's a good example
like that looks like a little guy right
yeah looks like Richards yeah Richards
is 65
that's a 92 so proportions in Monaco
just messes with your brain and you
think small boats are small when they're
in reality mega first both approved what
else do you see I see the Mangusta 130
Mangusta has always been one of my
favorites because they're like a giant
speed boat for just giant oh yeah um
yeah let's see from how cool is that we
should really try to get like a billion
views a day and buy one of those yeah
right
so yell your friends like if we all come
together watch and like and comment and
share and everything then we'll get them
adjust the 130 and then we'll just
invite all the viewers to come hang out
yeah exactly you know just a small
little thing to achieve God look at it
it's so sick so the one next to it I
don't see a marker on it then I'm not as
good on yachts as am on cars but I would
guess it's a Palmer Johnson correct me
if I'm wrong so those two what would you
pick definitely great gray for sure it's
just it's so cool and so sporty I love
it yeah
and they're big and then you have bigger
next to it and then figure again and
bigger and bigger no then you have
another my gusta wonder we live in
Monaco and we're usually pretty bad at
actually taking the time to go around
and look at these things
but today it's different it's like a
perfect day today we're energized we
have all our gear set up we have a live
stream coming in a couple hours
yeah man must problemas in life yep
we're looking at boats we should
probably move on from this beer because
there's like a hundred more these laying
around I have an idea let's pick a one
two three out of everything we see okay
so far I'm saying Greg I isn't the lead
actually you know fun fact of today I
used to compete in sailing did you in
this whole boats yeah yeah like similar
to that but like more old-school oh and
I was the district champion in Sweden
you were yeah and my parents were
Swedish champions insanely cool so I'm
used to be a good sailor
we should sail more yeah mega mega cool
all dark tons of carbon fibre now you
shouldn't forget about the sailboats and
tall definitely out there yeah so far
it's on my top three because it's
different it's gonna be hard not to make
this video 29,000 minutes long long lens
now you can see the black and the white
one and all the boats extra but from a
different angle
both oh really no that's building its
the new Yacht Club and I thought it's
funny I've been here for 11 almost 12
years and this did not exist whatsoever
so this is the Yacht Club of Monaco
it's cool rocking about yachts and
Monica we should probably share the
Yacht Club which looks like a boat yeah
it's really cool to design I love it
see you again the speed looking mega
boat that's what I like I show you this
my gusta 92 is one of the few boats in
Monaco that I've been out on you have I
don't know if it's this exact one but
I've been out on the Medusa 92 friend of
mine asked me you want to take a ride in
a boat I'm like yeah expected wait for a
boat and then stuff the board that's go
like this would have been like the most
kick-ass thing that I ever saw when I
was a kid this is you have a steering
wheel like when we had boats when were a
kid it was you control the engine to see
her
yeah with steering good hundred we had
25 horsepower at mode and then you look
at the fenders that are like two meters
big and giant yep actually reach out
this from a different angles will show
it from that angle so you guys can see
how large this actually is just from the
back it doesn't get it full justice it's
like a parking lot in the back yeah I
don't even know if you can call it a
boat anymore
I mean yachts sorry yeah but it's more
like a floating how huge thing one house
should we go this way uh well here's
like ten more of those but smaller but
this right
what's going on today was one it's
something with a black and gray looking
boats yachts that is just insane yeah
there's another Mangusta all right here
comes one of my top three for sure
the Wally like look at this stealth
gnarly insane looking vote like that's a
you moat yes a hundred percent I mean
number one not the biggest but the
coolest and the coolest thing is that
it's good friend our zones this brand
yeah so we should tell them we need to
go on this boat
yeah like tomorrow yes for a morning
Wally us good combo please and here we
go my gusto number six is it for today
so we have to 108 192 and to 130 and
also a fun fact about this boat
tell me you've got a Vespa it has a
Vespa
alright so on the end of this yard tour
we're breaking out the big guns
oh my god take a stuff to a whole new
level
yep I mixed those other big boats seem
really small like look at this hello
mega yachts is that the true definition
of a mega yacht mate so what about the
one in the middle and then we have hyper
mega yacht I don't even know how to film
this to get a proper let's go up there
oh maybe if we go out here yeah it's
like a giant ferry this is big even
Monaco standards port mega mega mega
yacht like seriously how many views on
YouTube do you have to collect to get
none I think maybe we we need to find a
new line of business to get that yeah I
think we should just aim for or make a
PewDiePie PewDiePie could bite us
cutie-pie I challenge you to buy that
yacht we should do this more often just
go look at boats yeah let's check out
the long lens a little on this guy
ha
I think this guy deserves a bit of
b-roll as well
pure insanity I look at this you have
three of them
and the old-school one the middle is
actually the longest yeah and they have
owner and royal romance and will that
guys winning yeah
or girl guy girl whoever you are winning
in terms of big Yeltsin monocle so I
think with with these mega super deep
yachts we will finish off the yacht tour
for today yep
because now we have a live stream to go
home to and I'm actually kind of nervous
because 45 minutes live is 45 minutes
live yeah so yeah we'll see you home I
hope you guys enjoyed seeing I feel when
we're Monica we should show you the
special things and not just that we cook
pasta so now we showed you the boats yep
oh and by the way there's two more ports
in Monaco but we don't have enough time
to cover those today
another day though another and another
life another day but yes I enjoyed this
today it was great to make a vlog
because we won did thinks we normally
don't do we spent on three hours looking
at boats so what three favorites to have
okay hold on let's I can't walk and
think at the same time one won third
place third place the gray Palmer
Johnson I'm gonna guess it is yeah
number two the Wally white Wally yeah
and I'm gonna give okay I'm Roman oh I'm
gonna go with OMA yeah because it's
bigger and it's off-white
yeah yeah so yeah top three in Monaco in
today but now it's time to go home again
so we'll see you back at the house or
the apartment lobster is done yeah we
totally forgot to vlog it we have plans
online all right we're getting ready for
the live stream and all this and then we
realize that BAM like it was right there
you have no time to follow up but yeah
we
set a 45 minute livestream super fun to
be honest so if you missed it yesterday
you can find the link up here no ah up
here yes they may be that way you can
check out what we talked about in the
last stream it was fun cuz it's like you
can't edit out things I think it was
super fun yeah I mean went well as well
hope everyone liked it as well because
that way it's perfect is if we have one
day with a live stream a week then it
means that we can work on doing better
blocks yep because we have energy and we
can want to kill things yes but I think
with that said I think we probably shot
like 40 minutes of good stuff in the
harbour and which I have to add it up
most of it so with that said I say we
end today's vlog here and come back
tomorrow
yep we have a more adventurous yeah so
bani adama' a whole day were up chop
chop
