and then livestream it's starting
so it's different for everyone else than
us yeah I on the channel yes they find
ok oh hi saw hello
that guys are hi guys ah hello
how many are we it says Sarah watching
wait where do you see this whoa oh yeah
everyone's in hi hi everyone hi this is
fun whoa whoa what's going on how do you
even get you can stop it by do like this
stop scrolling I mean the first time we
do this so we don't have to do it we
don't know anything
whoa okay let's pick out some names the
figures are this I can stick some hello
hello should I pick one how do I stop
you just so wrong no sushi amateurs
what do you think Oh Lindholm from sweet
and high yennefer loom but wait before
we continue how do you stop it again you
just like if it doesn't work them it's
like a fine technique just like it
doesn't work for you either they always
think I'm like the untalented on
technical guy and because nothing ever
works for me so we're one minute in and
we have 646 watching oh wow let's get
some comments questions and stuff yeah
everybody's going we have to say hi to
them no we can read come someone okay
okay so we shut this thing down because
no that is way too much cuz I can't see
anything there we have a go to Instagram
and ethical asked question sister played
us you can stop the comments okay I
reflected talent ignore that one
okay they're coming in literally I would
say 15 comments a second no it's 548 a
minute
okay so maybe I exaggerated Norman's
let's stop in and get a question let's
get this Apple logo is blown out yes we
know because we are live streaming from
the leica through a little device that
we haven't figure out how to do and it's
difficult to get exposure at okay
where's your next trouble we don't know
well do you know no I don't know um we
don't know either we're trying what
ain't gonna stop skiing again that's
kind of abs your question man yeah okay
so skiing and we're we're travel next
and all this is like all combined in
this one cluster problem that we have up
we were supposed to fly to Austria je
and then I couldn't pick up the Lambo in
Austria and Munich today so we had to
plan for tomorrow then we had an
opportunity come up on Thursday that we
got decisions on tomorrow
so basically we're waiting for unfold
to figure out how and where to travel
yeah but yeah the goal is to go to shoe
buy tall and ski in the next few days we
don't know if we're going the next
couple days or if we do a couple things
before we go so skiing soon and we would
love to know where we're traveling to
but it's not EC flannels all this
trouble yeah
how hot this is in Monaco right now
we're sweaty all of us I think yeah yeah
because our a/c broke when you're right
so not ideal and outside it's like a
fight yeah look in the Sun it's like
mega mega warm and then in the shade
it's colder but in the Sun you're
sweating in a t-shirt and shorts so full
summer so we have about 2k and Commons a
minute
Wow yeah so we're going to try together
in Spanish oh there's no bonus stuff
look hon yeah it means a bag that's all
I know from the supermarket thank you
what is the surprise you talked about
okay so we applied roughly 45 minutes on
this livestream and after roughly 30
minutes we're going to move into a
subject where we are we have some plans
but we need you guys as help so we're
going to get through like figuring out
how to livestream talk about all the
random things and then the last 15
minutes we are going to get into that so
hope that sort of answered the question
yeah should you be like in charge of
comments yeah I think so or how about
you start being in charge of comments
and then you can I go yeah then you go
so that way we get to pick different
comments it's a lot of comments yeah I
don't even like you do you just you got
to randomly stop yeah okay since we
stopped I might pick the longest one
that stopped
it's from under house for Alexander he
if you want in the future to sell Donna
Monaco does Marcus need to become a
resident a Monaco as you and Yaya are I
interesting well I guess we kind of plan
three days ahead we haven't really
planned on that part no but I think it'd
be great yeah that is yeah yeah cuz that
way we should get you an apartment here
because as of now our current setup is
that we are right now sitting in Marcus
bed me and Yanni we're sleeping right
over there in the real man and we're
kind of like a full working team so not
that much privacy here in Monaco but on
the other hand we're just working 24/7
anyway so yeah we should we haven't
talked about if you want to know yeah
yeah of course yeah yeah
it's doing who doesn't want to live in
the Sun yeah okay guys thanks for my
friend Alex I'm not hey she's watching
nice oh fast I see our Huracan well okay
so when we got the Huracan I had the
numbers a 100 kilometers an hour to 200
kilometers an hour 5.3 that was
apparently incorrect and it has been
tested and it does 100 to 200 and 5.0 so
it is as fastest cars get same as the
Veyron apparently does so we're gonna
have to try to find a Veyron and try to
see if numbers add up
maybe the Veyron is slower than its
supposed to be okay yeah an interesting
and come to that where is the Lambo okay
so I saw more comments in regards to
that me drop in the Lambo Munich I saw
people asking like oh it's not your
Lambo you just had it for like a PR
stunt but no yeah well yeah it's my
Lambo
we dropped it in Munich so that we
because our next goal was to go skiing
with it so that way we could drop it in
Munich fly to Stockholm fly to Monaco
and then fly to Munich and pick it up
and go ski and then we also had to
borrow or give away the ski box for a
nother photo shoot so it's like a
combined that's the most difficult thing
in our lives right now trying to figure
out how to make things work like travel
tickets like logistics yeah
that's not easy we're trying to because
we're flying to one place the car is one
place that we're going somewhere Yummy's
going somewhere else and then we're
going here more kisses here going over
there so yeah we have been talking about
hiring a person to help us well plan our
logistics because if it takes a lot of
time trying to figure out all these
different tickets yeah see if we come
some more comments
you're very good look at Marcus from
Alma thanks Alma love from Turkey and
Turkey
one was from Cala are you going to go to
Ric's prints in this winter
Rick's present is a tiny ski area on the
very north of Sweden that opens up in
the spring because it's dark throughout
the whole winter and in the spring you
can do midnight skiing up there so yes I
think we should go to risk rent Sandusky
because it's awesome you want to go
midnight ski yeah yeah okay we're going
to Rick's friends on this break nice
yeah it's really cool up there I used to
travel so much time up there yeah but
it's easy you fight a Narvik or care not
take a train okay cool easy are you
still getting the rolls-royce with a
skee-ball yes I saw that one because
yesterday I was like because we realized
when we bought the Lambo
I bought it to something like I want a
kick-ass car and then it was me and
yummy and then we started the bog and
now it's me Yanni Marcus and a lot of
film gear a lot of India yeah so we kind
of quickly realized that it'd be smart
for us to start looking towards
something with four seats and okay so I
can say that we have debated building a
new r6 DTM the Ferrari FF or a
rolls-royce I still love the Nissan GTR
as well
but I guess those are like the the top
candidates yeah
Samiha Marcus we're looking at these no
BTEC Ferraris and like how awesome they
sound yeah and yannis like yep sounds
cool but it looks normal yeah so that we
think they're all tries that's cool the
old car but I would like to have this
small Italian car I would like I don't
know I've been you a terrier yeah yeah
no this is so cool the old small all
right so that's perfect ever in Monaco
yeah but for us if you look at all these
cars
I mean I don't care too much no I know
you don't care just Anacortes can thank
me from A to B but if you have to pick
we have to pick like I have to buy
something with four seats so have to
pick yeah but kind of an old Rolls Royce
see we look through these Rolls Royces
yesterday we looked at the ghost the
brave and then the Phantom and as soon
as the older phantom like that really
like big crazy looking ones Yummie was
like yes no but it's cool it's like
special yeah cool super boss I don't
have a month black g-wagen
that's four-seat true but it's like to
normal too good for what we do so we
have to be a bit more special yeah I
wouldn't mind a Rolls Royce the ski box
on it so we are debating back and forth
but we might actually like yeah we're
trying to figure out when to switch if
switching I already had offers come in
on the Huracan but I feel like we need
to use it for a bit longer yeah so
enough car questions now yeah you want
to pick question yeah uh it's close to
fast
stop how do you stop with Marcos you
just yeah you push it and slide then you
can structure
what about families no that was another
car question think about things a big
nickel oh no I know here's the thing
Johnny she does not care whatsoever when
we started dating I had a Lambo and I
said let's go from Monaco Doster in the
Lambo I thought I was like the super
mega cool guy
and she couldn't care less which is cool
I like that in a girl that she
appreciates cool things but like does
not get impressed yes let him tell us
and watching by the way oh wow that's
cool hey guys hey eleven thousand people
will you move to LA I don't know maybe
in the future yeah it's like we've been
saying la is so great but the traffic
really kills a lot of it so if you move
to LA you gotta be sure to have all your
friends in one place otherwise you'd be
driving all right Marcus feeling that
he's beard reading the question about
the beard oh you should read that so
many questions were prepared yeah we
shave it
no of course not come on can I see a
picture without the beard
no you don't know you don't that's
really I think Marcus your shame just so
we see how yeah comment below if you
think Marcus shake or you have a good
I'm gonna ice cream whoever wins Marcus
is going to do it but we should do like
we do a game and you can lose those
hands to shave it all or we just let
these guys decide okay because I think a
lot of people would think it's real
funny to shave Marcus no come on let's
talk about something else which language
do you use when you're not doing it all
doesn't we have this question like a
million times but we speak Swedish and
he speaks Norwegian and it's kind of the
same yeah but then sometimes when we are
with friends here they're not they're
French or via firm around the world so
then we speak English to each other yeah
and like so that's I guess that's why
it's natural for us to speak English
yeah because when we're with other
people we speak English to each
so that everyone understands each other
yeah so it's not like just on the vlog
that we speak English to each other
oh I'm gonna update it for you so yes
yes yes shame yeah you can see that oh
it's hard with the comments I saw a
comment that I mean usually I don't
don't like to talk about money like I
don't like to talk about it but I think
it's relevant with a youtube channel to
talking there was a question how does
YouTube work for you financially now
compared to when you started and I guess
we can kind of I guess for now after 196
days at a point where we like almost
paid off the camera game we bought so in
no way are we getting rich enough to buy
crazy course with YouTube but it's
starting to get to a point where we have
enough viewers that it's actually
sustainable financially because I mean
the amount it costs to travel as much as
we do if we didn't get the views it'd be
hard for us to continue now but now we
have sort of come to a point where yeah
it's starting to become not a good
business but a business that holds an
own so that we can continue doing what
we do yeah I think that's yeah and as
you know we are not the kind of
youtubers that does a million
collaborations and holds a different
shampoo everyday and milks every
opportunity we get we are very picky
with what companies we collaborate with
because we think that it needs to be a
hundred percent credible and we need to
really stand behind the idea and the
product and everything so that means
that we say no to most possible incomes
but I think in the long run it's better
to do a good channel with credible
everything yeah instead of yes I guess
that's that's one of the reason I think
you have become so successful with what
you know because compared to a lot of
other people in your business you are
selective always so I think that's yeah
it's important I'm very tough on it I
mean I own douchebags so I should
probably well
most companies would say that the more
Instagram to YouTube to do the better I
think when it's relevant well there's
something new and something going on and
it's great to promote things it's better
to be smart and that's something I wish
a lot of companies would realize that
credible good stuff is better than a lot
of stuff so if you are a marketing
manager on company out there less is
more yeah
anyone wanna buy twenty Instagram posts
from you no thank you no but I would
like an ice cream oh yeah since you have
one see before I got to know Marcus I
did not eat ice cream and all the bad
stuff and now we are addicted to ice
cream yeah you had like five ice creams
yesterday they're just so small it's not
stop blaming the meat the Snickers is a
really good ice cream if you like that
sort of stuff
chronic basement product placement no
not paid for yeah we paid for it we
didn't get paid to say it but yeah I
can't recommend the Snickers Twix and
bounty ice creams they're small and
they're really good yeah
yeah I don't think that comments are
updating no oh there's too many coming
in why did you need a stunt up okay so I
was talking about a stump though because
when we talked about a stunt double me
Marcus have been the while seven
countries in seven days we miscalculated
and when you're traveling that much it's
hard to have the energy to do all the
emails all the meetings and then be good
in front of the camera so it's like I
wish I had a stunt double that I can put
in the vlog when I need to dress like
now when I'm gonna go and get something
to drink how can I have water in that
bottle can I have a coke yes of course
thank you hey we need to figure out this
comment section err it's not if you
press more comments below
okay go yeah but it's still stuck them
like yummy or so pretty
oh um yours is updating you know look at
this or maybe I can but this one goes
too fast
yeah this is too slow that's too fast ah
yeah there you go
yeah do some comments
we're too smart to sleep when you guys
are in Monaco yeah on the couch and when
did you meet Marcus when did we need
June February February what city are you
born in I'm born in Stockholm and I'm
born in Bergen and he's born in there no
ma I guess are you born in moving up yes
yes
in Sweden okay a question
gombauld 2017 will there be a gamble
there will be a gamble
we haven't figured out if we're yeah
danke
welcome yeah what's up with the gumball
situation um hello what do you guys
think I'm totally in how did on it
before are you really done it no yeah
we're trying to figure out if if it's a
good year to do it
yeah what kind of car we would have so
I'm gonna be strapped on the roof from
that and just give up whatever car we
got yeah well awesome now it's not in
the plans because we're we're trying to
experience new things since this me and
I did the gumball for six seven years
now you did three four three three and a
half so yeah we were keeping it open we
might we haven't decided yes or no but
we're not booked okay just stop it on
that
and then scroll up and then you stop an
enemy so much
can I have Pepsi please oh your
discussion how's your back
oh yeah I feel like I complained about
my back in this lawn for three months
and then all of a sudden BAM it was good
that I never talked about it
which is I guess how it is with injuries
that you you can't do anything in life
when you're injured and then once it
gets good you totally forget about it so
it's like you should appreciate what
you're healthy which I've been pretty
bad at but yeah
after seeing Yanis in Stockholm he gave
me a few things over than three days he
got better than it did in past three
months then I went surfing and that was
helping as well so I would say my back
is 100% good but finally I haven't I
haven't tried jumping off cliffs yet but
for like normal living and surfing it's
100% which I'm so excited about because
that means I can actually work out and
do fun things and that makes vlogging
easier it means if your nitrogen sport
athlete and you're not that funny if
you're funny you can just be fine so are
you excited for Christmas and where are
you staying Christmas I'm going home for
Christmas
so insulated yes of course
yep and I'm also excited I love
Christmas but we always spend Christmas
in marbella what and we don't know I
think we're going to spend Christmas in
my bed
here too but the fact that Marcus is
going home he sells bloody Christmas
editing videos alright yeah so I have to
get real quick real fast on how to edit
yeah because I'm not like you guys
should see this guy edit it is unreal
how fast the edits the vlogs like I mean
from the time he imports a full day of
footage like you know a few Giga / how
many gigs are like a big day 100 100 K
one day in the Maldives was a hundred
game everyday mind we had that like two
different drones in the air two
different GoPros on different boards we
had three sessions so it was basically
like 12 folders of different media
sources for the blog and then organizing
everything going through and editing
every single day then how long like a
super chaos day like that
what does that take you from start to
finish from start till I show you a
rough cut which is basically 95% done on
a good day two hours oh really yeah
but but then when we have a regular
Monaco day it's like 27 minutes like the
speedy does it I'm like I wish I could
do that yeah so yeah if Marcus wasn't
that fast he'd be dead by now he
wouldn't have Schlesser I don't have any
choice I have to be fast yeah yeah and
I'm learning new stuff every single day
so making my own shortcuts and premiere
and stuff so yeah it's my tact I saw a
question actually Phantom 4 or maverick
Pro hmm if we can get more like
either/or questions that we found
everything yeah either/or is good yeah
you go sir
I like the Maverick the most but in
windy conditions the Phantom 4 is
slightly better
I think that the Phantom has two
advantages one is windy conditions and
two since we fly drones up boats that
are moving it's windy defendant 4 is way
easier to grab in your hands when you
land and take off yeah that I think it's
tough since we only take off from our
hands that's the biggest downside of the
mattock that it's way trickier to catch
like this but on the all other fronts
I'd say that I prefer thematic yeah here
are some more either/or okay like Oh red
like a red what's the latest
um I don't say it like that okay so the
whole light red setup to summarize for
people that are not super into cameras a
red camera would be the same camera that
Michael Bay shoots transformers on which
is awesome it's an 8k camera yeah so
it's basically 4k twice yeah so it's
just insane yeah and then we have the
light guy which is the one Bashir Eon
now which is more of a regular photo
camera that has awesome video quality
and we've been debating back and forth
well I guess since we started vlogging
business brilliant because we've always
shot the ski movies back in the day on
stuff like red so I'm always like I want
to get to that mega production value
that they have so now we're going back
and forth over trying to figure out like
could maybe to like us be a good set up
one with a long lens on one on the
gimbal or good a red set up for like
slo-mo a cool stuff and then a sony a7s
for running around shooting night stuff
and all this well I guess conclusion is
we talked about it every single day at
least an hour a day and we don't know
what to do yet no but we're hoping to
make a decision this week so we can get
it like out of the way either view it or
not or not it may cause of you tomorrow
actually yeah
next question twigs or Snickers Snickers
you mean ice cream or chocolate I think
Bob Twiggs ice cream Snickers chocolate
ah okay I think they're equally good um
both thanks no I have the empty so I
stopped like targeting food right now
Lightroom or Photoshop Lightroom like
Photoshop what yeah I'm converted Spain
or Monaco wait wait first Lightroom for
colors in a picture Photoshop for things
you want to fix yes a book yeah we like
both okay but I always use like it's not
a time Photoshop but I like my drone so
much better yeah Spain or Monaco that
acts a boat Spain are you like to pay
more we have a rope swing
yeah I'm gonna say come on I'm going to
say Monaco because in Spain we have a
house in a house requires a lot of work
to keep may be maintained you have water
pumps that break you have gardening
problems and all this stuff so when I'm
in Spain I have a lot of things to deal
with with the house when you're Monaco
you open the door and life is easy so of
course he's gonna say Spain because she
doesn't have to deal with the broken
palm tree or no but I said both okay
and you know that yeah no you just like
the rope swing you're just too
responsible
I like rope swings now both places are
fantastic yeah but it's good to be able
to the different to being able to go
back and forth is really nice
mm-hmm yeah some more yeah I guess this
is for you
Marcus or yummy can I say both cuz
without Marcus I can't sleep
oh yes you picked him first yeah what's
like a life without you would talk in a
life without you anymore
say not about it not that was an unfair
question like we have a good team going
yeah
Pepsi or Cola Cola I hate peddle on
snapchat or Instagram if we ever promote
Pepsi on this channel it means that we
are broke and we have no other option
and getting paid a lot oh yeah then
we'll have two rolls-royce's hahaha
snapchat or Instagram Instagram for me
Instagram
I've seen some pictures I've seen some
comments about our snapchats we all have
some are you see your snapchat open
nope
oh right the only like profile I have
that is like private just for Francis we
do have a snapshot but we never use it
no it's been a month or two sometimes
yeah but I like incest stories better
even though I don't use it that much
either because you can find people on
Instagram on snapchat and such a it's a
good app to start with but it's so
stupid how hard it is to find people so
yeah I'm an Instagram fan compared to
snapchat meets it okay less on this one
taco or pizza taco taco okay um maybe
it's time for an announcement we can do
a couple more questions were them it has
been half an hour yeah I feel like we
just got started you can read one con so
next live straight looking at me what
you'll get a call you are squad goals
Thanks yeah we are a true squad yeah
click I don't know if there's any people
three people that live together as
closely as we do like wake up in the
morning we're voting at oak sleep in the
same room who travel together and do
everything that's how I like it
yeah we're were school squad squad goals
okay so before we start getting into our
announcement thingy I want to I want to
pick a couple questions yeah I got a
question on Instagram impossible to get
a question in on YouTube my question is
have you visited Canada if so where how
did you like it
we've been to Canada yeah I Rama was it
yeah no and it was super cold like - 39
Celsius for ski race it was beautiful
but I couldn't be outside no it was
unbelievably cold yeah let's call him
like foreign region standards now it was
that we did a ski race and we had to put
like this fat cream on her face and then
we had to tape our face and you went up
for basically two runs but for me I've
been a Canada like probably 25 times so
pretty much all around Canada like the
East Coast and up in British Columbia
walk I've been a lot of places in Canada
I love Canada Canada is awesome
yeah England's are just great in general
yeah like our innate Canadian friends we
met in the alleys exactly it's too many
questions it's like freezing up the
computer okay I want to find a couple
more okay I think we need to extend the
love stream yeah
what is the next fan meetup oh no we
have never had one because s with
everything we do if we do it we want to
do like overkill and 110 percent and
then we barely had time to eat in the
last hundred days so as soon as we get
better at vlogging and more efficient
we're going to figure it out we will
have fat meetups I promise that we pop
we just want to know what yeah okay and
you know me how often do shoot for your
blog every day I blog
two times a day two to three times today
so this is my photographer or Marco
Marcus yeah I shot yesterday and Marcus
today before that yeah all right one
final question out of the like a normal
questions
why didn't you celebrate three hundred
thousand followers
uh that's a question for you well
there's no it's brush yeah not for me
you're good night Joe I did if I would
tell you oh she's all right you would
say no well we didn't get the
congratulations text already know I got
hunger can't get it I didn't celebrate
that either
I should probably I I told you how good
your tell me everyday
okay ya know so we it's like everything
we do we want to do with three thousand
percent and if we have three hundred K
and there's someone with fifty million
we're obviously losing and sucking super
bad to maybe a half a million will do a
little so you're basically saying that
you're you don't want to celebrate being
second well we're not even second we're
not even in my division contest I'm not
saying for a second be like you don't
want to celebrate until and also I
remember Casey saying in one of his
videos that he did a million and then
when he did two million that's basically
like doing the one thing two times and
three million was like three times like
100 million was so much bigger for us
down 200 hundred million no one was so
much bigger than 210 300 K like that
it's just one thing you do and you do it
over again like it's yeah it's like a
hundred K and million ten billion hunger
me I love where you're aiming
um but yeah I know we we don't really
look at how many subscribers we have
because there's so many youtubers with
so many subscribers we basically just
we look at the analytics a lot to try to
understand what you guys like and when
we look at it we always sort of we look
at how many people are watching our
videos so we think the amount of views
we have in a day is so much more
important than how many subscribers we
have because I think a lot of people are
just like oh there's this big because
they have this video subscribers but
then if you go on it's a social lake
social bed of calm yeah social blade you
can actually like check all youtubers
and see how many views they actually
have which is pretty interesting because
you can look at someone with a million
subscribers but they gained them over
you know ten years and then they might
only have 50,000 they're active so it's
we try to focus on how many people are
watching what we do because I think
that's more relevant than how many has
press the subscribe button in the last
10 years so we are celebrating with ice
cream when we have a high amount of use
videos yeah so it's been a lot of ice
cream in the last day we we set a new
record like the analytics tells us how
many views we've had on the channel in
the last 48 hours and we set a new
record the other day at eight hundred
and twenty thousand yeah youths in the
last 48 hours so that was a lot of ice
cream that day yeah but no I think it's
time for the announcement we have 10
minutes left
what's that like moped or something oh
sorry
alright well they pretty loud as well
but yeah I mean we don't have like a
mega announcement but over the last 20
years I've had such clear goals in my
life like it was like first it was
winning like the Junior Championships in
ski racing in Sweden and then I went to
freestyle and it was like I want to win
the X Games and then I went into ski
racing and I wanted to go to the
Olympics so I love having these clear
goals and challenges and things that we
want to do so we were sort of been
talking about the YouTube channel that
we go and do all these amazing things
but I feel sometimes I'm missing that
challenge and that like goal a definite
goal a goal layer with what we do so
then we decided that we think it would
be awesome for us to have a huge bucket
list of things to do
yeah so that is sort of our idea that
instead of just doing random things we
want to put together a list and we want
your help to try to figure out what
should be on that list so I think if we
start this part by asking you guys
suggestions yeah tell us what should be
on the bucket list like do you have any
examples to write what do you think
Johnny Orion bucket list because it's
kind of a combined bucket list of all
three of us yeah at once one of us does
it
that's like counting for all of us okay
so some as a teeny one yeah you pick one
I pick on Marcus pace one it'd be like
we can do it together as well bad drive
an f1 car for example if you are now
stance wiggle Oh happier than I am so I
can start right my first thing on a
bucket list would be to drive and that's
one call yes I have not done it but I'd
want to drive one I don't know
-
you didn't talk about this I didn't
prepare know what you shouldn't prepare
you don't know what I have a million I
want to go I want to figure out how to
get myself into a jet fighter I would
want to jump a hundred foot cliff and
like well find someone burn again you
want to do bungee jumping
ah I want to but like I am not scared of
skydiving I've done it twice I would
love to do it again oh I know I want to
describe I mean overdue by alone or like
tongue them with someone I mean I want
to do it alone but I don't have the
license for you can get the license for
skydive that's yeah see that's a perfect
thing to put in there get your skydiving
license yes yeah but then I also want to
put in more normal things like I would
love to learn how to redo a bathroom I
self like we did while we painted it it
was like doesn't count not like put the
tiles and like ah so it can be
everything from my go to the moon to
like learning how to figure out smaller
things so yeah we're we want to combine
a huge list fine put put it on my
website so you guys can see the full
list we can see what sort of be checked
off and we can also bring in a lot of
ideas from you guys oh yeah we want
suggestions and by the way I just want
to say it's not on my bucket list to
shave so stomach it's not it's not a
dream what about this I want to I'm
thinking about like I wanna fly sea
plane cuz that's all yeah you're not
sleeping yeah
and then the Maldives Marcus we're not
talking about sea plane I want to learn
how to start on a short part I love that
idea
yes cuz that means I'm sorry waiting
like 10 years no quick I found another
one that I came up with in Italy I wanna
ride barefoot behind a boat like you
know water skiing but barefoot ah oh
yeah me too
because such a challenge like either you
get up well you're fine unless you like
really suck
okay and then you're gonna have water
like on the inside of your eyes I want
to do that as well yeah okay I don't
want to do that so we want to find all
these random things so if we if we say
travel to Indo to go surfing I would
love the like let's say surfing as an
example if our goal is that I want to
get better like I want to be in a true
100% legit barrel then if we go we have
like go with things instead of going in
oh it's so beautiful and nice like I
like challenges so that's why we kind of
thought of the bucket list and also one
example could be to climb the
Kilimanjaro yeah that would be training
we would have to go there and like the
glamour toys or bodies all this so the
height would be three four days maybe
that's it
yeah it's like a week in total but like
you got to do base camps and yeah I
would do that and that's a challenge and
it's a goal and it's like you can
prepare for it and stuff yeah but if you
have to Kilimanjaro then I let's start
with Kilimanjaro
yeah I'm looking here on some comments
uh let's see very yummy I like me well I
think okay so we saw a lot of comments
like announcement livestream oh you just
gonna propose biani
let me assure you it if or when I would
propose to Yanni it would not be in a
couch on a live stream really it would
it would be you know you know me I'm
competitive
well yeah it would have to be something
very creative so yeah that's like oh
that's holding me back trying to figure
out a plan that's good haha yeah but
yeah get married like that could be on
the bucket list get a dog could be a
little uh gasps oh yeah yeah you're the
barefoot man so barefoot behind a boat
no problem oh I know what I wanted to
tell I want to go
I want to come to Norway to the mountain
I don't know what it's called
you know the thanks dude yoga the
pumping at welderup yeah the one that
sticks out yeah that's wipe the lip
that's big yeah yeah but here's another
here's another great one do a Burnout
with a Volvo 740 I think it's great like
I want to mix that up yeah I make some
things that your burn out with that
Volvo a camel y'all should be on the
list
yeah yeah of course I want one but
that's like that's more trying to figure
out how to get the finances to do it
rather than like committing to doing
diving in a cage with sharks I've done
that no never again diving without the
gate that's so no we're walking I'm
Elise yeah no have you seen the shark in
the cage don't screw the ceiling right
Rosie playing I want to get this Nick
diving with the sharks really yeah yeah
we talked to Ronnie they went out like
super far out in the ocean uh in Hawaii
with this old lady who was like we're
not old
there was a lady doctor shark whisperer
okay yeah don't down everything's blue
ton of sharks Oh like LM scare the
living I wanted it but yeah so then you
want to get that's on the list diving
with sharks without a cage yes let's see
what else we have here get a sponsorship
by maxi bond yeah we see the North Pole
done yeah that one yeah for sure that's
on there
okay I got so many questions on my sore
Emma okay do a couple because I can't
like read and talk at the same time but
like my computer is told with no live
stream stay on the channel yes yes you
can re-watch it as many times as you
like oh forget it over again Marcus
wouldn't you love your editing skills by
the way um just by editing for many
years like ten years maybe hey I don't
know and their act is like it's not a
secret it's not like hey here's some
settings just put them on and it's fine
like it's practice and it's hard work
and I get faster and better every single
day it's like everything in life people
always want to find the shortcuts the
things but they're usually there are no
shortcuts people ask us like how did
your YouTube channel blow up like
quickly Markus has worked in the film
industry for years I did my first vlog
in 2007 and I've been on camera since 99
so I've learned sort of on my side
Markus s on his side and then we did the
vlog every single day for 198 days and
practice makes perfect
there's no shortcuts you just got to
work really hard and get better at
things yeah I want to find more
suggestions on the bucket list we've
been live in for 45 minutes on you
doesn't want to stop I'm gonna get
either here's a good one surf the wave
in Nassar Nizar is the crazy crazy wave
in portugal that just went off a couple
days ago yeah you're gonna have to do
that for yourself I'm not joining that
no but it's like I have done tow-in
surfing in the past on big waves but
once you go over a certain point riding
the wave it's not the problem the
promise when something goes wrong it
goes really really wrong and you have to
be good underwater but yeah I have
thought about jaws that's our in like a
couple other places so I have to figure
out what to put in the bucket list on
that
I'm just having some time play hockey
with you for sure yeah well basically
we're going to look through all of these
comments and try to figure out what
would be the best on a live stream yeah
not on the like a bucket list and we're
we're gonna yeah we're gonna put it on
my website and together we can create
the best one then we can put like 100
suggestions and then we can kind of vote
on different ones and together we can
figure out a good time a lot life goal
plan yeah because yeah I mean I think I
want I want end today's live stream blog
your about syslog make they want to see
it blocks or yesterday if you look at
mine yeah it's gonna be neither like two
hours yeah yeah so check out the link in
the description once it's online but if
that shows that we like filming that on
our one day off in 198 days I was out
filming Yanni
no sorry I don't want to ask you am i I
want I wish I have the glidecam in my
bum so I didn't get the smooth shots but
I think you turn out good yeah
now that we enjoy it I think that's the
bottom line with the whole thing yeah so
the question now is did we enjoy the
live stream are we gonna do more yes
I love it what do you guys think yeah I
love this yeah as well I think the main
thing is did they like everyone watching
like I yeah um tell us how we did what
we should do more over less of her yeah
anything and first we thought 45 minutes
would be super long yeah and kind of a
problem but now I feel like I could go
another 45
yeah me too if the a/c was working
because now I'm like yeah
don't you feel saying yeah it's really
warm in here yeah so I say that we shut
this live stream down and then we will
come back we're going to check dates and
when we travel and everything and we'll
come back with more live streams so I
think it's way more fun to talk like
this than like filming a Q&A and then
editing it
this way yeah this was like a gift
comment straight away and it's super fun
yeah so the conclusion is we enjoyed it
so we are going to do one week maybe as
we said or we got a check if these kids
like okay I don't like it then it's like
cut yeah yeah so I hope you guys like it
because that means that it'll give us if
we do one a week it gives us the energy
to like plan things it like sit down for
a day figure out where to travel next
and figure out like okay so this part of
the way we shoot the vlog is good but
let's add more this like today when we
shot the vlog that's coming up tomorrow
we were like super pumped we have a
setup
I had one camera but the gimbal mark is
that the big camera with the long lens
and roll like energized yeah so I think
if we do a livestream a week that means
that we can crush the other six weeks 60
yeah you're so tired now
yeah I'm tired because we've been
resting yeah but yeah it's 48 minutes so
let's end it now
yeah and then we click it and then we'll
come back we have so many more things
you want to talk about yeah but we'll do
it next week so chocolate monocle ha ha
you know I have to end in here yeah I'm
still right
