good morning good morning let's go we're
ready for Christopher okay it was the
first time today in a month that I wake
woke up later than 5:30 oh it's cool for
nice because summer is there oh yeah I'm
the doorman yeah yeah Johnny is super
sick she's home with a fever
so I'm gonna run up put and that's what
what the agent is for exactly pretty the
painkiller yeah somewhere off of this
and I'll be right back okay you like a
proper crew today Howard I was so
looking for the breakfast to the Janos
on our veggie cleanse a bunch of shows
the meeting breakfast I woke up and
walked 20 minutes to get Yanni her
breakfast and then I had to go grab my
breakfast on the go yeah
you
arrived we have a right to our first
meeting of the day but instead of us
showing a meeting that we're not allowed
to show we figured we were discussing
yesterday that we have spent the last
seven days in six different countries so
we figured to be funny to do a little
summary over the last seven days to show
how insane our travel schedule in life
has been in the last seven days yep
there goes seven days in a few minutes
day one woke up in the Maldives jumped
on a surfboard try to look like a pro on
the wave but fell on my face left the
boat and went to the airport jumped on a
flight to Europe day 2 in Marbella and
celebrated 5 years with yong-dae 3 flew
from our Bay of Zurich got delivery of
my new Huracan and drove to Italy
day four woke up in Italy's shop photos
of the Huracan jumped in heli and flew
to the top of the mountains
watch Jack put ten grand on red on the
realist
yes day number five woke up in Italy
packed up the Lambo and drove to Austria
tried to upload a video along the
Italian highways arrived to Austria day
number six recorded a TV commercial with
head in Austria got sprayed in the face
with snow spray looked really funny
drove to Munich day number seven woke up
in Munich flew to Berlin flew to
Stockholm did a presentation on stage
did a second presentation at YouTube
stressful life Wow a lot of people say
like God are you guys gonna live in such
holidays and yes we are but I thought it
was funny you should show how intense
it's been yeah lack of sleep is the
hardest thing for us yes but now we
slept like that means so much this
morning the house yeah super energized
how was the meeting mini was great we
had a great meeting cuz yeah we we
previously introduced christoforous
Yanni's manager agent he's now also our
manager agent yes yes you're trying to
get smart with the whole new YouTube
life hmm
yeah do a lot of fun things it's just
been good meetings yeah yes
there's jumping again I say we go see
how Yanni's feeling he was dying
hello you need a card I got like these
elevators better than Austria they have
the smallest elevators yeah but these
are like figuring stuff in the video I
know when I was filming a flickering the
whole time and when you weren't here no
it was just me I get real happy here and
you actually flake or - yeah it figures
a lot not just me um I'm gonna go check
on Yanni and I'll come over in a sec
okay I just want to make sure that she's
alive right going hello I decided that I
would come in here instead because yeah
he's like actually dying
hey she she's like 40 degrees fever and
as sick as you can get oh not good I
figure we let's not bring the camera in
there be real mean to her no that would
not be too nice of us nope
you know what I realized ya tell me that
I think the snow spray actually bleached
my hair did it yeah you see that it's
different
nope so I'm gonna put the hat on please
Jer yeah everything with a shot right
yeah we me and Marcus in the pocket
should we put the camera now so we can
both be on camera uh yeah let's make a
tripod here we go cuz I feel like this
is like a unit Marcus talk okay let's
put the camera this if I focus um so my
idea was that we are going to talk a
little bit about this YouTube channel
mmm because we started the YouTube
channel without a plan and we were like
oh let's make some vlogs and then we did
one long we did another and that was 194
days ago and we didn't really have a
plan and we're sealed on top of that no
we do not applied like it's not like we
have a contract how long we're gonna do
this for but what we didn't realize this
the last three weeks is that we love
everything we do but we're also getting
really close to a limit where you're
gonna die and you're going to die and
I'm going to be terrible in front of the
camera
so we've been trying to figure out how
can we keep you on the blog and keep
progressing the content and find the
energy to do what we want to do as good
as possible
yeah so we have an idea we are going to
try this week to take one day and do a
live Q&A a live stream a live stream are
you doing a on YouTube yeah not that I
have any idea that works but luckily we
have Marcus who's good with technical
stuff so that way we have one day where
we have 45 minutes were you guys get
like actual raw real time uncut so maybe
ungraded as well like in red kidney gray
live streams I don't think so yeah so
maybe not a choice on that one cuz that
way we get to like you they can ask us
anything yeah you're on camera I'm on
camera
maybe Yanni's just maybe I have guests
we can have guests yeah so that way you
can ask as many questions do whatever
you ask whatever you want and you can
hang out with us live stream yeah like
when you chew for five minutes live yeah
so what what they should we um calendar
we fly to Monaco on Friday right or
Sunday or Friday let's try it on sunday
sunday okay should we say Sunday at 4
p.m. this coming Sunday 4 p.m. European
time yeah you can hang out with us
yeah 4 o'clock Sunday night let's do a
hangout 45 minutes you guys can ask us
anything you want you can discuss
embarrassing things things you haven't
learned about us yeah um so that was
kind of my idea that if we would if you
guys like that then we could do that
once a week and you learn a lot more
about us and see the uncut real version
yeah and we would have one day to kind
of regroup schedule and ha figure out
how to make it better on sleep and sleep
so I'd say we uh today was the first day
that I woke up later
six the month and a half or something
like that yeah I think it's just a good
plan to make this channel live with the
quality we want to do for and also
connect more with the viewers yeah we
can ask your questions and you can ask
like what's your favorite color for
example yeah
or would you rather would you rather
that's funny yeah anything you want to
know like how fast actually we need to
correct one thing the Lambo does not do
a hundred to two hundred and five point
three I was totally wrong the official
number is actually 5.0 is it yes
Stockman call me they're like why did
you change 5.3 when it's 5.0 is it yeah
so it's the same time as the mera that's
what it should be from hundreds of it
three in five era I just had to correct
that because we ever okay cool but I
think with that said I will see you all
tomorrow it's normal but especially some
day 4:00 p.m. and I'm gonna go be a good
boyfriend take care of Yanni and I'm
gonna pour red blue Madison steep all
right wait how many give it up one
hundred and ninety five hundred and
ninety-five water from done together and
we want to make them better
yep we look at them we were like we need
to be better every single day yeah we
get bombed planes with helicopters yeah
but yeah well that's a an assignment
well have to show me squad yeah
so we see the poor must not do cookies
until
hey Joey pusher for you hello
oh there you go
