all right thank you dear goes right g500
4x4 convertible no no good morning but
not good morning from Canada as we have
planned we are currently in Amsterdam to
do some serious modification on the G I
know you've seen the thumbnail so you
get an idea we won't say much more but
we are here we're just trying to wait
for our pickup here pickup and the
brother really appreciate it you're not
the best thing with absolute motors no
is that when you get to borrow a car
from them
it has wires in case you run into bushes
you have extra lights and I saw a shovel
in the back great minds think alike
let's go explore haulin
shouldn't show where we are secret
project but we made it Benny the racer
driver killed it it's kind of hard to
selfie vlog when it's dark out so you
need to light but we have finally made
it here it took us forever we were stuck
in traffic for god knows how many hours
so it's dark out now and we have some
work to do some serious work and we're
gonna go in and talk about it see what
the absolute people think yeah but
that's life we just keep traveling when
we failed with travels we travel some
more that's empty so a little bit of a
back story when we first thought about
what car to get we were like but we
can't fit a G in the garage like we can
get a G oh my gosh my gosh it's like two
meters yeah so so that was from but then
then we figured that I don't know how we
got the brilliant idea let's just make
your convertible cut the whole roof off
no I thought it's like photo up to two
guys in Saudi driving this super super
old G Wagon if I find it here it is and
I'm like so winning and I'm like no you
can't do that you can take a 4x4 is ma
yes you can but then again I always like
doing things that you really shouldn't
do that you you know normally people
don't do and those guys are always
following him those ideas yeah exactly
so that was like that was the reason we
got this because we figured we cut cut
it and then it will fit in the garage we
could use it and it'll be awesome but
then we ran a bit short on time and we
figure maybe we'll just do that later
but that we were like no let's just get
it done and when we missed the flight I
called Kenan I'm like have you cut it
yet it's like no oh we're thinking about
it tomorrow that is why we're here now
so super last-minute random coincidences
but of course I want to be here when we
put a medal sought to achieve because
when I when I got this I'm like oh like
it's not like a true big project because
it's not rebuilt enough yeah so that's
kind of the plan today we're gonna take
a metal saw and cut the roof off of G
4x4 brand new
like already
push guys push step one almost complete
we're gonna just move it out in the
middle and if you're wondering why we're
not driving it it's because there
the engine is getting some love as well
so we can get that bench paper of eight
hundred if you have a convertible you
need to have the speed yes let's just
imagine a much lighter it's gonna be
once it does matter how much lighter and
faster lighter faster never just any I'm
I'm looking at it imagine you get a
convertible the g-class 4x4 drop pad
bye-bye okay roof rack for a G Wagen for
sale if any wants to buy it
stripping wait for the drag racer carbon
part on the roof for sale is it that
time when we say goodbye it's that time
when everybody here is looking a little
nervous me including but we see the
smile yeah a smiler that only comes from
different ideas so one final look I
remember what it was like the G with her
I see the blades already who's gonna do
the first spa have you ever used one of
those yeah but it's been a long time
Jack something like that a jam can't we
good to go yes I know let's go alright
thank you dear goes right g500 4x4
convertible
I'm like a heartbeat of like 600
dude g-wagen metal zero what I gained a
little bit of extra millimeter because
this thing's a little wobbly
now I count it next pillar is yours long
can yeah okay it's a group effort
what a crazy idea
you're not finished I'm deaf huh wait
easier to like great things than to
build things
is it it's going to get a lot lighter
and faster okay Chiru for sale I think
we should just leave it like this
okay now we got to kill these last parts
I'm sure I'm feeling it
oh yeah totally who feels excited about
Benny huh give it a kick
just the plate herbs it's okay
this thing with like disassembling it
course pretty easy ticket no this is it
what's the touch that's okay nothing
we're clearly not ninja material
let's look at this thing three two one
da Chen bin now yo what's up
I've always wanted a very special car
you should really have a low seat like
this it makes difference I can already
feel that I love this 800 horsepower
like going though I'm looking back
trying to like recognize the feeling of
a car this is before the transformation
but it doesn't feel like anything else
of course it's empty now but thank you
for encouraging me to do stupid things
they say life is all about smiling and
I've smiled a lot today so I think we
shouldn't see them now okay so then the
plan is here where of course we're gonna
get seats so we sit a little higher and
then the windscreen is gonna be lowered
to about here because the original idea
to do this came from the sizes of Monaco
parking garages where we couldn't park
at g500 yeah so right around here we can
then move Lea into the parking garages
to still have a g500 and the good thing
is by doing this we're saving 60 euros
in valet parking every day we're in
Monaco oh no real from here I'm so dizzy
from all the sparks of my eyes and the
vacuum feel that you feel how good it
feels already I think you know you
sometimes you know there's only
something on a car you don't like but
here I think once we like cut off and
straighten like
everything it is such an insane
combination of like a rolls-royce
Drophead and a G 4x4 we're gonna add a
couple rolls-royce
but I don't know I I'm kind of I feel
have we filmed a lot should we end the
vlog here yeah there's nothing more
exciting than this I say we're gonna end
the vlog here because we're gonna just
drive back to Amsterdam jump on a plane
in like a few hours to Monaco to be 96
in the morning yeah of course the five
six so hopefully make this play but I
hope you guys enjoyed being a part of
this first part of the journey towards a
beach cruiser G 4x4 and yes it's okay
you can think that we're stupid
but it's alright because we're having
fun and we're smiling and before we end
we have to say one thing
thank you thank you again they're
probably gonna go home and like dude
like these guys are idiots but that's
okay
thank you absolutely you guys are the
best for helped them out in every
possible way every time so we'll see you
real soon ciao adios and goodbye from
Lourdes Hans 2.00 town Charu
we don't need you anymore
