good morning young good morning we are
just going to pack up the car and we're
on our way to the head factory where
we're going to do a commercial shoot
today and I think it's going to be a fun
one it's not every day that you're going
to feel like you're the least successful
person is room you know what we said in
New York when we bought our nice easy
shoes been ready for love two days
straight
let's wake the tile up um yeah I was
just thinking
sorry Oulton sorry I'm sorry
right wrong more likely than we're first
so morning we're in the right spot are
you an actor I'll all of a sudden no no
I'm just
well I'm acting like the person who is
here first class the script then I come
fake how does it feel to be first that's
strange
you're not running yeah like can you
guys wait for 10 minutes we're like yeah
yeah I don't know how to do it but yeah
so yeah we we had to get a shot of us
being first this is the meeting room
everyone else is like late or in the
wrong place
go good team we're excited everything's
prepped all the scenes are fine and our
plan is we're going to be quite we're
going to work my fast lots of shape yeah
any preference on you in the throat
right let's just let's go with that then
we'll just take some other shirts I
think you know I'm always looking at the
cameras when I get to commercial
better have that 8k every W helium
sensor yeah so this is what we've been
looking at shooting a daily vlog with or
something trying to tell Marcus between
two months so I'm rotating of Arts and I
know that's perfect yeah he like
monitors well we have a big monitor we
have the camera is steady it every day
you I like he loves monitors everything
we're greasing him alive but at the same
time we're trying to survive will we do
wait to see that Lance Marcus the what
would you do believe you've been
googling yeah good three airports there
what are you guys doing how are showing
the daily blog for you too
yeah without a focus puller it would be
Oh taking over yeah he was gonna shoot
the commercial today not looking if we
could shoot this every day all day it
would stop turning let me show oh the
size of the camera it's kind of last
move on all right I'm running this back
I just have to check it out hey do we
need to go we have such a female session
Oh like to shoot number two and yes for
us are really nice back okay oh yes
perhaps a million hyper insane videos
you can check I see you check them out
OOP up here nope there yeah here nope
there yes check out yes four videos up
there in the corners yeah he's a lunatic
but I was seen you read about six years
ago yeah
six years ago what school you're Marcus
came along and Big Bang don't stop it
now we're 16 when we goes Daffy
sprinkles smokeless radials the holy
Moses for the oats yeah no double folks
DL she should be filming after the video
I get six months becomes a demon
yourself guy yes zombie that it's odd
that we're just shooting a scene I was
so hungry because we didn't have time
for breakfast and the whole scene was us
which meat sold in front of us and we
shot three like 40 minutes like retake a
bike I just want to eat them yeah and
you couldn't hit it no yeah let's really
focus on here
I'm all good make him cold
looks like a hard faceplant yeah yep
this smells like it should be really
good for the skin yeah
I want to spray your call
you look oh I look like I've been in a
snowstorm
Oh too funny
don't wear your Jesus in the snow you
know whatever it was stupid shower maybe
yeah
yeah I don't there was no instruction on
the bottle how to get it off your face
try rubbing it off is it coming off try
yeah leave it more yeah they're all set
yeah it's not coming off
no it's not why do I am let me see and
it's coming off
what's here's issues here is area he's
white oh she shiny everything off no
still white yeah I need a proper shower
it's off enough yep but now we gotta go
to Munich
yes so we'll see you later yeah goodbye
where you see the average dubai and he's
promised to push me so I'm not holding
back I had to see you and shred some
skis yeah me too
okay bye weak yes we'll see you guys
later bye thank you
Oh but okay see you bye soon take a
picture of course
sure yes they're Hilton little perfect
we found it
ah looks cool how are we gonna fly like
this
yes exactly how are we gonna fly with
that yes so you have your bag and I have
three small bags so we can fill a little
in here yeah but that's problem but it's
know you told me yesterday it's no
problem no won't figure it out but I say
it to come from tomorrow okay I think
now we should say our vision include the
mouth good enough house Munich blue -
yes designer supertalk Hilton Hotel and
then we ran out of German yes so we'll
see you guys tomorrow
flying fine morning so new adventures
yep good night good night
