good morning from Urbana Barney morning
or night or whatever this I feel my
brains just doesn't know where it is
nope but yeah we're back at home yeah
home home slash home yes
Oh in my BAE up the gym is still here
yeah everything's still here we still
have to fly tomorrow morning but we're
having a workout tonight really yeah
really
no of course not hired for that mean but
we have an idea for today's video and
that is the fact that me and this lovely
lady Oh as now we have now spent five
years together
yesterday yeah yeah five years in one
day yeah so we figure that we would sit
down a bit and talk about that how it's
been two been together and how you keep
a relationship alive for five years when
you travel like two crazy people all the
secrets revealed channels video blog so
I say we have we put that camera on the
tripod now we sit down and then we talk
about memories and you know if you have
any questions Marcus and I have a lot
we'll just break it down like a QA yeah
it's like a QA cheap memory slash tips
and tricks yeah bit of everything that
stood hey ready yeah we're always ready
okay welcome to the QA except it's not a
Q&A it's more like memory lane slash
tips and tricks and then also Marcus
will ask us questions yeah it's me don't
know yet yeah okay we already did a Q&A
yeah Thank You Seetoh here yes - up
there - it's in time yes
yeah check that out if you haven't seen
it it's more in-depth Q&A on our
relationship
well I have an idea on how to start this
whole thing off because I think that a
lot of people ask us how do you make
your relationship work when you travel
as much as you do
and both of you are working hard and you
are constantly on social media like will
that affect your relationship do you
want to like elaborate first I think
it's good that we both work with social
media that makes it easier because we
have each other
and we know how much work we need to put
on our computers and all we need to do
okay and that we're flexible and we're
able to travel together because we are
all our work is based on computers so
means that we can travel everywhere
together so if one person was stuck on a
normal job that couldn't travel we
wouldn't see each other much at all so I
think the fact that we do work together
in the same sort of way makes it work
really well that's one part the second
part is that we have zero jealousy yeah
we just don't work with jealousy and IP
bless ask you like how do you do that
and it's like you trust the person
you're dating and if you can't trust
them then don't date them and then a
third thing I think is really important
is that you're pushing each other
motivating and it's like that you're
your team yeah whatever you do help each
other out all right support each other
yeah if you can bring your girlfriend to
a surf trip with a surf maniac like I
mean the water I'm like I said one hour
max and I've been out for five four or
five hours and you're thinking like even
Yanni has to be a bit annoyed by now and
you come in and she's like hey how was
it and then I realized like that's the
best part about Yanni the fact that
she's such a cool girl that you can
bring around a trip with all the boys
and she won't be it's politically
incorrect to see say the girly girl
you're a girly girl but you're like easy
like a guy most girls are not as easy as
young it's a fact
so how has social media influenced your
relationship I don't think it's
influenced that at all no maybe let me
spend more time on our computer yeah but
I mean it's no way social media has
influenced our lives a lot changed
everything because it enables us to work
with what we do which means that we
don't need to be at a certain place yes
your work so in a way it hasn't changed
anything for us but in a way it's
changed everything
Thanks social media yeah but it's not
done anything negative to our
relationship we're so used to having a
camera around 24/7 how did you celebrate
your fifth year anniversary
on Turkish Airlines with a nice dinner
and that we fell asleep well first I
jumped in the water and served for four
hours yeah and then we took a boat ride
and spent another seven hours at an
airport and then we flew on a plane
today we're celebrating yes by watching
a movie and just for me it feels like we
celebrate almost every day yeah we're
good yeah we're good couple what's your
favorite trip together the best trip
I've ever done together I would probably
say Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii that was really
nice
yeah like we've done so many trips
together but it's hard for some reason
this one trip keeps popping up it might
not have been the best trip but it was
you me and Oscar at a Europa Cup in
marybelle yeah and we have these photos
of me in a race suit and you end this
all white suit yeah looking super pretty
yeah that was a nice fit in no way the
best trip but I have strong memories of
it yeah that was like God look at this
amazingly pretty girl and she's up
skiing when I'm racing it's like and
then yeah we have a million Hawaii it
was really sick and I remember when we
were in the US and you were skiing woke
up super early went to buy bagels and I
went skiing and then went back watching
movies it's hard to pick a few Komodo
Islands of course yeah that was
fantastic
Maldives wait I'm gonna try to pick one
and I don't think Hawaii I don't know
why I just remember it as like the best
trip ever
but also they como two islands get aside
let's just say we have a lot of great
dress describe each other with three
words stubborn
what easy determined and motivated
that's four okay motivated kind driven
the best boyfriend oh okay this is an
interesting one okay who takes the most
selfies like with people and stuff like
who gets recognized the most it used to
be Johnny for sure no no I used to be
you yeah and then you and I me and now
it's like the same yeah so yeah but
probably not for you
yeah so if you see me next time come up
to me like whenever you see us you come
to me and did he take the photo I feel
really good that you want to take a
photo with me but now it's more us
together I think it's changed a lot with
YouTube after that it's a lot more but
it's really fun so don't be afraid we're
not dangerous at all just come take a
selfie all right Siri so yummy okay
yone yeah focus five years all right I'm
gonna start since I'm I'm too tired to
love the next five years done are you
laughing at Marcus or of course and then
you know when you can't laugh or you
love it wasn't that funny on it no I
know yeah fire okay five years our next
five years
how will they look and I would probably
say my plan in my head is to like get a
kid in maybe like two years happy you
said two years for like a couple years
now so yeah what I think like yeah two
years and then you know getting a kid in
two years means like getting pregnant in
a year okay can you switch your beers
we'll see I don't know it's like you
just go with the phone I agree
we're not stressing in any way as you
might see we are able to travel the
world and have so much fun so then when
the day comes and we want a kid and
settle down we'll get a kitten still
down but for now we are just living
living life one day at a time and I
think it's nice to travel and do
everything you want and then get a
family yeah when you feel like no I want
to settle down and get a house and and I
just do whatever I'm told so it for me
it's easy I guess in the next five years
will probably have hopefully have a kid
and a dog and a dog
and we hopefully have figure out where
we want to live and traveled a bit less
the I say our sort of whole life
strategy is just to go along with it and
whatever happens happens and yeah when
things when you feel like it you do it
exactly but I really want a dog but then
I can't travel so I really have to
travel everywhere now in the next two or
three years so you can get a dog and a
kid and for me like I'm 34 and I pretty
much travelled constantly since I was 17
yeah I say in five years we have a kid
no dog hopefully I do you never know if
you can have kids no but if we can't do
we have any other things Marcus nope
that was it yeah I think so it's good to
finish off with a future plan yeah
except it was so vague I feel like we
didn't keep him we said if we want to
find the place where we want to live
travelers have kids some family have a
dog
isn't that a good five year park yeah
all right well with that we are gonna
end today's vlog because tomorrow
morning at 5 a.m. we are find as Erick
you are I'm not coming sorry guys you
know what no we don't have space because
we are picking up a Lambo oh that is way
faster than other Lambos so excited stay
tuned for tomorrow so we'll see you guys
tomorrow I hope you enjoyed a little
relationship dog oh yeah the keys to
success is just to be easy and have fun
and not be jealous
enjoy life we'll see you tomorrow ciao
