good morning good morning the Sun is
rising sun's rising we have feet on the
ground we have a nice piano playing and
we're at the Turkish airline Turkish
Airlines now in Istanbul Istanbul yeah
so we have moved a bit since long but
what we're going to do to today is that
we are going to jump back to yesterday's
morning and then run you through all the
way to where we are right now yes and
then we will come back right after that
yeah so check out yesterday today good
morning morning how are you I'm great
except it's our last day and we're
sitting here watching surf that looks
potentially really good yeah but it's so
hard to know if it's good or not we're
not good enough to know if it's good or
not but it looks fantastic oh so I'm
just waiting for everyone to get ready
we're gonna go crush it yeah you're
always the first one ready yeah I'm so
excited we've been waiting here for an
hour waiting it for to get better and
it's been like this internal stress but
I can't even talk to it like what you're
losing so many waves yeah but I have a
beautiful hat yeah
yonas is always ready good Jonas have a
same hat salute Evan yeah
the Hat solutions just keep it way nicer
black duct tape mine's pretty ugly but
we're not here to look good we're here
to catch waves both actually have fun
enjoy the Sun well don't get sunburned
nope god I can't believe it's the last
serve better make it count over man
season
that was nice
the board is coming yeah I'm not gonna
say finally leaving the vote cuz it's
been amazing it's time to leave though
yeah we have to leave the boat because
we're fine
yes and I'm exhausted you're not surfing
so long and then packed up all our stuff
you sound exhausted yeah I have a cold
it's like if you have a cold you don't
go working out for 4 hours a day but you
do well surfing you don't think of it
it's working out no see how we're gonna
jump on that boat try to get all our
boards and gear and head over to the
airport Retta organize everything
everybody already over here or should we
just say ready honey
yeah I'm ready let's go new to last
words on the vlog Matt what do you want
to say most in most races adventure ever
never had it
thank you so much to you markers to yawn
yawn yet everyone else to the other
marker see ya thank you for the
backflips yes good job
good bye Marcus goodbye I'll see you
both oh yes yeah
bye David we're good so long Marcus so
bye Marcus buy our egg see you shoes yes
maybe the airport yeah because I'm just
saying like everyone has like a final
word to say in for the vlog Ross thanks
for all the footage so a shout out for
all the info
360 video link in the description yeah
we appreciate it
yeah and even awesome Ross thanks it
makes Marcus survive well that makes us
having a drone in the air the whole time
yeah we've had a drone in the air the
whole time it just kind of means come in
here for wasting so no we missed all the
good works I just want to stay here yeah
we all want to so you see the sting good
good thanks it was nice having you it's
nice to be here
yeah thumbs up for my lips I think we
have everyone yeah yep thank you
thank you so much forever goodbye thank
you have a good day
therefore time
yeah yes yes yeah thank you
you got triple mega super duper whopper
we're all hungry yeah let's eat last
time five high five
you guys shall enjoy safe flights fine
so update me on what's happening so we
went through the first security check
realized they're flying at four and a
half hours and we can't check in yet so
we're kind of like I'm awesome out here
yeah we're all kind of on the same
program we have a bench that's just
gonna get foggy on his board yada
what's the username in pass again
now we need to stop double Marcus I'm
tired yeah tilt I'm done yeah we're foot
plus twice in 90s and the rest was
barefoot I love it
me too my kind of trip I was about to
say vacation but it wasn't a vacation no
it was a trip it was a trip to surfing
it's like you're working out five seats
out today and then you're hanging out
and then you got it worked and shot it
feels like I need a vacation from our
vacations but it wasn't a vacation no
it's what we do it's undefined
whether it's vacation or work but it's
what we do and it's fun yeah anybody's
video we leave tired yesterday so I
don't have to call that vacation or work
that's our life but thank you
I'm not allowed to hold my own ticket
me neither loose with its travel guide
Yanni you know I get tired and lose all
this - the guy is going to order I'm
heavy I wonder if people watching this
vlog realize that we're tired I like
thinking everything's really funny it is
nice on it okay let's go
well see you guys soon guys what come to
like okay bye Gus and joy
hello play
Oh
thank you you're a great trick hey it's
not over yet
it ain't over until it's over all right
I say we go to sleep I need to sleep
me too and then we will just wake up in
Istanbul please yeah let's finish simple
which way and we're back in this the
Bulaga after a quick really nice flight
yeah I think all of us fall asleep
before the food and woke up when they
said you have to get up circus for
landing Jeff which was well needed I'm
so rested and like happy because I have
energy yes so that was good so I I guess
that means that it's time to end the
today's vlog but I think before we do it
we really have to highlight the best
part about this trip and that was not
the waves not the Sun not the sand and
forgeries put the people we got to be
like we met a lot of people that I am
sure will stay in contact with and do
more calm yeah so it was so cool to hang
out with some of you guys definitely
became a small family yeah yeah
everyone became so tight annually on a
boat then it was really fantastic yes
but even though the boat was nice it is
nice with civilization we're here to
confer occasion Airlines lounge and it
feels like super luxury living but yeah
they have this sick shower facilities
and everything yeah so that's let's just
end it and say thank you to all you guys
that came along and we will keep you
guys posted with more future trips yeah
and if you have any suggestions on trips
you wanna yeah dude chirps wish you go
yeah and hang out just comment below
yeah that was super fun like one of the
best trips I've done in a long time
mostly thanks to all the awesome guys
there oh yeah you're awesome too Marcus
thanks oh yeah that's unded by cha-cha
you tomorrow
