good morning guys
how are you nice career entity breakfast
I see the breakfast like disappearing
quickly i see french toast are we out of
the surf yet oh we are out of me oh yeah
it was so good back to Canada back to
Canada yeah I'm taking over Marcus role
here I think he added it late so I'm
just like oh yeah no I've been flying
drone it was really windy and I thought
it would crash and die oh yeah yeah but
I got the shot I did what you would have
done
nice good job thank you job you do you
want french toast
yes oh I'm so hungry you want it right
yeah I did like house is it very good my
new mom yes well I'm really hungry
having up work and being real crazy nice
we have such a good crew everyone loves
photography editing business surreal
kind of almost decided to start a new
company uh this morning and yesterday
hmm interesting
so not just surfing and like walking up
beaches and playing football in the sand
and we're doing a lot of things but
since since we can't like reveal our
business secrets you can't told us yeah
that would be tough but we can reveal
that beer mentally to see the water
sugar
Jonah's come on save some for me
let me sugar fat Marcus let's see yeah
let's see the pet and then we'll come
back to it rainy today but true I think
today is a good day everything's good I
don't know why I just feel it
it's served time it's looking money is
it it's like when we come showed up I
was like what
you can't break hell it's really windy
it's raining a bit but I have an idea
what if I should go put on this and then
we should long lens photos from here
okay cuz with the drone I don't think
it's great you know it's ready look at
that it's raining and stuff as well so
windy gnarly but good
who cares about Sun then you have waves
yeah are you doing shorting today yeah
it was a bomb set they came in a second
ago like you save me the trip for sure
like so I would have been like oh oh
let's go tried to be good surfers and
like crush it it's way easier to make a
ski movie cuz I'm good at that everybody
dragon handed get barrel it's a photo no
one knows came out it's the best
raincoat I've ever seen do you want to
join me in the rain yeah let's do it
yeah yeah take photos yeah yeah high
five
although your we've been out for hours
and yeah yeah so we kind of have to
going to eat but not always one to me no
Astro trooper he's staying out is it
he's gotta kill a fish on the refill I
mean you like it refuses to get out of
the water yeah and I feel at home though
with a rain it's like Birkin yes it's
like the worst drug you can possibly
ever try the worst defense yeah you get
one that you think you're going to get
another one like two minutes later
Medical by an hour
what are you doing a boat when it's
raining yeah we figured that so we went
out and surf this morning and then we
have all pin on the computers for a
couple hours because it's raining it's
windy and yeah you can probably see
that's not an epic day no so we're just
chilling really hard and now we made a
group decision that we're going to go
back anchor up and then head into the
island oh he's like craving chocolate
coca-cola and things yeah me too it's so
strange I yeah I guess we haven't talked
about when you're on a boat and you
can't go to a store you realize like
you're like okay maybe I am a little
sugar I think that so it's been a good
detox but I think it's nice to go on the
islands surface dropped up a bit and
it's it's like luxury to go to the
grocery store and buy tweaks yeah do you
have a raincoat yeah
okay okay 15 he's a professional
raincoat maker yeah I was like my name
is sticking my health reform
hahahahahaha experience the victory code
he look like a talent of it I don't like
a cartoon yeah fashion I can do the off
shoulder now
the new trend is gonna be duct tape
around your waist this Jeff nice I just
felt when I had like out of addresses
you always put the belt if I go boom it
looks so cool EOC alright let's go let's
go buy chocolate yes yes
yeah we didn't capsize I love this don't
you yeah of course this is a better
memory than another sunny day on the
books yeah everyone in the boat was like
God is such a bad plan and we're like so
it's a good memory more waves more rain
more difficult yeah a whole bunch of
fashionable people upon the night yes
now we are gonna Rob this place of sweet
chocolate and everything good we can
find absolutely we're gonna take this
trip for nothing for mannequin 15 here
okay move on in I see tweaks sneakers oh
yeah gonna be a good vlog tomorrow
because mark it's gotta be high on sugar
all night long yeah I think everyone's
in yes if I burn nine thousand calories
this morning I didn't eat that
yes
oh we got three more back as windy no
it's the first time I've ever been to a
tropical island with yells with Yanni
without her asking me to take a single
photo like ever in five years
you're crazy
sorry you're crazy it's so yeah
hahahahahaha Carla time ribbon yeah
we're alive
let's make sure to move off from the
correct order to not dip it I feel like
I'm alone here every water all the water
was spread from this side
yep and we took one for the team
good job guys thank you thank you
he has to put it
he gets the body one more time you just
want to go with us yeah you're we're on
the good side of the boat
oh good job summer middle middle middle
yeah sister mr. burrows it should be a
big bonus because total free high so log
free as well Anna yeah I would say that
with all these beautiful flowers and
this incredible food and this incredible
team who will end today's vlog and
tomorrow it's our last morning of the
boat yeah
let's all talk about it we'll see you
tomorrow bye bye yeah
ciao sama can you say bye to the rug I
can't hear you
