anyone's everything yes absolutely yeah
we're good Alex good hell people ya know
any surfing but all of us we're surfing
I'm not surfing good let's hope for no
current cuz there's no people let's get
changed and jump in the water yeah yeah
down is surfing any surfing jumping
jumping water yep
you're already ready there's only one
guy out there yeah but it's still
nothing and better yesterday also it's
good okay I'm gonna change real quick
neon shark for drone shots are you know
surfing more fees nope
so no booking mark buddies sorry haha
want the bean
I'm your body alright everybody ready
everybody ready
alright we will see you from the GoPro
I'm from the air from the air yes
save your shoulders I will ciao
don't let the current take you Yanni
there we go
Oh
you
so freaking good was it yeah a lot of
people we could we jumped on this boat
six minutes ago
got on t-shirt now we're going to jump
up this boat and go to the Four Seasons
and enjoy some ground I'm excited
me too yeah I felt so bad for Yanni when
I was in the water I was supposed to be
in the lava but I drew I could not make
myself get out of the water and then
when you have fly other guys that are
the same and six drones in the air
filming you yeah
hello paradise yeah so this horse Four
Seasons Maldives and other Four Seasons
Resort yes
Yanni I'm at your service for picture I
can't think of a better poster activity
you just a fantastic trips tariffs and
lots of waves away well welcome to all
of you like you guys have been having a
great time with them all these already
and I see some people China so you let
me know when you're ready out right here
waiting for you thank you God looking
like this like hard I know I I was
always saying like boats are better than
resorts but that was before I saw this
place now now I don't know this was like
a five-minute speed boat ride from where
we're surfing
look at these palm trees prime example
of a 10-point palm tree is this yeah
why it's like it has it us it isn't even
straight it's not but that's what gives
a character okay so 10 points to the
palm trees seven-point palm trees okay
what we're here to do now is that mean
Yanni are gonna do some quality couples
time we're gonna go and spy it out now
this looks like a lunch place
look at that
you
how about you grow the French fries
again okay
oh here's a hose thank you you want a
taco yes please I mean markets are grown
all in my food we don't even sit
together kind of not planned we ever
planned nope Rio oh thanks let's eat
yeah it looks amazing
yes
the most photographed unicorn in the
history yeah but it is so cool and I
love the infinity pool yeah we're gonna
go get a massage
nice I'm gonna probably fall asleep in
three seconds oh yeah I need one I guess
come on let's go
I've heard that I say too often the
thing for the faster the coolest or the
nicest but it's not good I just get
excited about stuff but this is honestly
pretty insane all right yeah I grab the
camera and we'll see you in a sec we're
gonna go and do couples things yeah
enjoy
ciao hi so you take a boat to the spot
yes you take a boat to the spa which is
a small little donee boat which is the
wooden boat right there oh cool
yep look at this place doesn't get any
nicer the spa boat all right hello oh
look at this boat so excited to have
this bomb what do you prefer this or
pedaling and boogie-boarding hold on let
me just show you the view from here
so nice
thank you honey that was the best idea
ever okay which way should we go explore
I think that way that way yeah I think
this is only beloved no I think that's
the beach okay yeah well we'll check it
out come well hello
yeah I think you should maybe try this
next time
all right I had to find this little
corner here where there was no wind
because our battery on the big camera
dies we're on the little camera yeah but
now we have surfed in the morning ran
around the island and seen this
beautiful resort betting it's the nicest
resort I've ever seen yeah I want to
come by and most of all the staff is the
nicest staff I've ever met and the
massage was amazing yeah I wanted to
keep sleeping
but went outside before the Sun sets we
are gonna say goodbye and we will come
back tomorrow but I figure that it'd be
a good thing that we will do a little QA
so why don't you hit us up with a bunch
of Maldives questions our crew who's
there how it's been everything you want
to know yeah so do that and we'll see
you guys tomorrow good night
ciao ciao
