if every night I think so dude every
night yeah you never know when you're
live I think so I see Cummins but here
we are
we had a slight bit of change of plans
and we're actually doing it this way now
Benny's holding the camera yeah we I'm
not shaking and I'm looking at the
counter Coleman's and I can't talk
I see the Cummins now yeah perfect but
to make a long story short me and Benny
flew from Monaco to Stockholm got
dressed this gig I got real excited and
then a couple laters hours later we were
taking turns on the bathroom puking
 and doing everything we don't
want to do mmm
yeah if it was a quick flow food
poisoning or whatever it is it was so we
were like really sucking yesterday and
since we were feeling that way we
couldn't get on the flight so first
we're like is there a different way to
get to Canada and the cheapest shittiest
flight we could find was 6000 euros that
person yeah per person no together but
now we're talking really really bad
flights if we were to book the same
flights that we had booked same like it
was business and good layover
it would have been six and a half
thousand per person ah
so we're with that being what it was and
we would come there late have less days
there we decided that that was not a
good plan luckily we realized that they
were we're in Holland by the way so yeah
it's hard to summarize it so we're like
okay what do we do now like did we fly
down the mom I go again over to my Raya
or what do we do so we ended up
realizing that absolute motors they were
going to do some serious mods on Mons
today so we grabbed yeah I missed on
yeah Lord haunts is feeling good mm-hmm
but so since they were doing that we got
a last-minute ticket down here today so
yesterday we didn't we weren't able to
do anything
no so now we are here at absolute motors
we're giving you guys a quick update
because today there's some major things
happening on this car like that is weird
next one oh I almost fell down can you
open can you not come out no and there
is nothing inside nothing everything's
cleaned out what is little to happen
this guy what is this it's like the
first death of moths we're going live
here see we're doing progress normally I
hide everything we do and then we show
you when it's finished but I know you
guys like to know what's going on and
here we have a metal bar that's what's
going on here right now
ah it's
so at the moment we're just waiting for
some Thai food and then we're gonna get
to work and we're gonna do some really
fun things so really not normal things
probably the least normal thing we've
ever done with a car yeah totally
what it is you're gonna have to see at
4:00 p.m. on Sunday that's when we're
releasing a works video so it won't be
like the final product but you'll get
the idea of everything I'm sure there's
a lot of speculations already going on
in comments not yet not yet have you no
but that's good yeah well you're not
going to say anything like racing cars
so in order for a car to be good it
needs to be light so if that is a hint
we're trying to shred some weight people
are asking when do we take the car home
we are gonna take the car on the 18th
18th of January for snow tour in Oslo so
if you're in Oslo and you want to see
what this looks like when we are done
with it
mmm-hmm like actually now we're actually
doing what we planned on doing from the
very start when we bought the car but
then we haven't we couldn't quite figure
out the travel schedule so we didn't
really know when to do stuff mm-hmm
and now we're like it's correct like
let's do it a couple weeks ago we
decided that we it was a good time to do
it now but the plans have been in place
for a long time so that the Lord haunts
you saw that was like the back-up plan
exact with the shorter time and then
yeah what else do we have I mean it
feels so good like these wheels like
these wheels are the ones they have on
the 6x6 yes punching punching I think
you go dude right touching song yeah I'm
like that oh we understand you man
they're there they're kind of a pain in
the ass to get ahold of but I think that
Mercedes should have put these wheels
directly on exactly like it is an
off-road car and the normal standard
rims they look like street racing rims
mm-hmm so this is like
my favorite part of the car and then of
course you have the monster suspension
but you see most everything do we have
some questions yeah I'm trying to read
at the same time it's kind of hard yeah
exactly people are talking about Japan
or Canada or first thing I did was I
checked all the tickets to Canada mm-hmm
next thing I did was check all the
tickets to Japan yeah I was supposed to
check weather forecasts in Japan and
there's some snow coming but it wasn't
like an epic time so I think it's better
to have keep an eye on Japan and then
just fly out whenever the like the mega
dump is coming like last year like last
year exactly we sat in LA we waited we
looked at Canada we look at the jury
looked at Japan and then Japan came in
with a storm and then we flew there and
got sick powder so it was very important
it's like we flew from Monaco to
Stockholm to fly to Canada and then we
couldn't fly so the whole ticket we
bought was just gone gone that's so sad
but that is exciting we found a good
backup solution yeah doing nothing
sitting being bombed it's it's whenever
things don't go according to plan I
think it's very important to just figure
out what else can we do
how can we turn something bad into
something positive exactly now being
able to be here it's a very positive
thing very positive last time we see it
as it is yeah it is oh people are asking
about 1 million subscribers it's coming
soon kind of yeah well let's call
Sunday's video a bit of a pre
celebration mm-hmm like that that would
have liked that
we were kind of planning on doing this
for that but we don't sell a Blake we
like our subscribers if thirty eight
hundred or two hundred or a million it
doesn't really matter except because we
want to make good videos and have fun
with it and if we wanted to do more
subscribers and things like this we
would probably think in a different
and try to find something that does well
in YouTube everyday instead of going
like going surfing we love going storm
surfing and like having fun being
adventurer but if I would have figured
out how to borrow a extreme Ferrari
monocle that would have done way better
and got us more views and everything but
we I'm just sick of trying like I want
to live my life and do the videos and
hopefully I want the people that watch
to like it for what it is what we're
trying to do exactly so that makes sense
yeah totally and later you can next look
at the video like few years in memory
exactly
anymore other comp Weston's about seen
it seen so many different like question
not about the cars with everything like
merch they want to update about the
merchandise two months ago if we wanted
to release just something but this is no
demarcate away from this key stuff but i
am such a perfectionist that everything
we've done so far i've sent back because
i want to make sure that when we do get
it it should be good mmm
we are looking I've said that a bunch of
times but now I think we're actually
looking good to get a pretty soon yeah
do we know do we have any like idea
about any date or no I don't have said
two weeks for like six months but it
looks like two weeks it's better to wait
and have something perfect yeah
oh so many more yeah some people are
like talking about maybe some camera
updates because there's a jh5 yes there
is agh 5s I mean we don't know if it's
totally true murmurs on a GH 5s that
seems to have the specs of a superhuman
incredible mega super duper machine so
you're really hoping that that is true
and that it's gonna come out really soon
because then we'll probably get five of
them it seems to be like the mood like
shoot what was it 4k hundred and twenty
frames per second yes let's love that
and the reason we're not uploading in 4k
is because if we shoot slow-mo with
anything but the red it shoots it in
1080 and just and it also adds a lot of
export time and upload time
when we are a place of bad internet and
our poor computers are frying up then
it's difficult so it doesn't make sense
yeah we want to do it but it's also not
just safe for cane the title there
should be a difference in quality
exactly I think that's very important
yeah some people aren't just like a
coating in focus than actually 4k yeah
if you want anywhere the where the red
is it's oh yeah it's the GH five is so
good and so stable that we can sit in
the car and shoot the GH five with a
little in red yeah if you do the same
thing with the red it would be like this
so basically to get the quality out of
the red you need a full gimbal setup and
and it takes much longer to set up so
then like Casey always have said what is
a content over quality yeah yeah it's uh
I don't know exactly what he said but
it's a exactly it is that's cameras the
one you capture the most things with
exactly the GH five is the best quality
camera that we can have that we can
capture everything with it and it's not
50 grand so if it's pouring rain and I'm
most standing on a dock filming we can
still use it
mm-hmm one quick question is it as loud
or is it louder now can it told me that
since we were here it's two and a half
times louder two and a half but we
cannot start it no but here you can you
see the downpipe yeah mucho mucho Grande
but if it's 2.5 times it's gonna be
extremely loud and it has to be over 800
horsepower well I'm making rebuild it
because we said 800 so when we get that
bench paper it needs to be 800 story
anything more I'm curious when they
don't in the comments when I'm in front
of the camera there's a lot of things
happening yeah
no I'm stopping them people are talking
about the gumbo 2018 I think is it the
long way
yeah Gumbel 2018 is it London Tokyo I
think so London to Tokyo and but they
ship the car yeah you fly with the plane
and and we I'm considering it but I we
haven't done any booking or anything
like that it also depends like since I
work with the Vegas if Gumbel works with
a different online gambling company then
I can't go so it depends a bit on their
partner structure as well but I think
London to Tokyo would be pretty cool
yeah we are doing snow tour I don't know
if you guys remember last year we had
the Batmobile we had the Prague a bunch
of other sick cars team colleague was
there and we went from Copenhagen up to
our door and did a bunch of ice rate ice
track driving now this year we are
starting I think on the 18th maybe I'm
not allowed to say that
like sorry Soltani from we're going to
Norway doing a store tour and I guess so
somewhere sometimes yeah yeah and I
think that's gonna be really awesome
exactly is there anything yes how long
the video ice Oh 12 13 minutes now oh
the food I think has arrived okay I see
everyone like is gone everyone is gone
okay let's do two more questions
mmm-hmm oh it's going so fast stop
commenting please so we can have some
that never works like that but oh yeah
yeah no people are talking about
douchebags and update about if there's
something new coming oh by the way there
is there's a giveaway yes yeah go make
sure to check out my Instagram because
we're giving away my whole black camo
set up four or five different bags yeah
and I put my Instagram link in the
description and you can win the whole
set just in time for Christmas and since
the black camo is a limited edition I
know we have a little bit left because
we made a bit more than the white camo
but it's not gonna last forever so if
you want one make sure to get
last question last question I want to
pick the best one we have a lot of yeah
if you if you look I talked so since we
have a lot of work to do with this thing
and we're really hungry of course we
like get up got up really early in we've
done a million things thing we haven't
really had food so I'm really like I
kind of want to go get that tie the
question is one last question hmm
people want to have a quick like recap
of this whole things like well quick
okay we'll end with a quick recap which
is the car squared and then we have
changed the wheels to the six by six
wheels and I can tell you that these
wheels are the most expensive wheels
I've ever bought in my life
but I think they are something that
needs to be on the car and then there
you see them like we've stripped a
couple of things we have the carbon
fiber snorkels where is it super
good-looking carbon fibers and surf on
the and surf on the roof mhm yeah this
like if you had things you don't break
the lights love these things here that's
the detail that makes the difference
winch on the front yeah and then I mean
now it's kind of stripped off but it's
underneath here they're a lot of things
that are being changed I am NOT an
engine expert in any way so I couldn't
tell you exactly whatever they but
turbos everything's being rebuilt but
that's why we were missing a couple
points that's why we can't start it up
mm-hmm
but the person that waits for something
good know that was saying only works in
Swedish yeah let's get food there's not
and everybody say ciao to the this
version of George not George Hans Lord
Hans
load everybody say goodbye and make sure
to check out Sunday's video at 4 p.m. if
you want to see what happened here in
the next 24 hours
bye so we'll see you thanks for stopping
by I hope this tour the sort of live
thing was better I think it's easier
that way I don't stare at the screen
forever that's it we're gonna sit from
Holland we love Hollen because their
owns crazier that's what we love so now
we're gonna go be crazy for the whole
night ciao ciao
let's check see you on Sunday 4 p.m.
