a seaplane I love sea planes you're just
obsessed with seepage
good morning by the way good morning we
woke up the sun's in it which is awesome
so now we are just getting Marcus boogie
board ready for the waves nice yes we
read comments and come and said mark
this has to go surfing
to go surfing we're gonna try this and
maybe a bit a long boarding and today
it's not that big so we're just going to
go out there party alone and have fun
and just take group waves yeah that is
loving like our only strategy have fun
we're trying to avoid the crowd as good
as we can yeah but it's a bit windy it
makes things a little more difficult
Marcus and Yanni looking more danger
surfing surfing surfing are you stepped
it up
Am I
I ventured I'm yes yes we're gonna go
check out this one Island local Island
see we'll do fine on that island
yeah I need to get some hours of sleep
so so you're not gonna come with us
no really fine is it that tiring to get
crushed on a beach
yeah well in that case get some sleep
enjoy and we'll go see what we find
whatever we find you can see on this
camera later yeah
again just watched a lot all right see
you soon
enjoy the rest don't drop the camera you
can trust me yeah we're gonna miss you
Marcus so what are we supposed to try to
find on this island
strawberry daiquiris Oh chocolate
mojitos night coke sparkling water and
she went up chocolate um thanks is there
blood ups I engines Flo's lamb
doesn't look very touristy which is
perfect so or right now on this island
we don't know where we're going we do
know that we want some supplies oh is
that a store yes to the store but it's
cool to walk around and just see oh
really yeah yeah considering what they
have here they should have died coke
don't get all of it no no no of course
not and time that should get through
Marcus at least 48 hours cuz I don't
think mark is used to editing while
surfing and being stranded on beaches
ya know so I think he needs extra rebel
see this is for friends are for good
yonas of team Norway buying the rest of
the Red Bull how you liking the Lika
it's just gonna make my back bank
account go a little low that's okay it's
so fun to shoot that right off on it
just makes it so much more rewarding
well hello look at Hawk Halen go to grab
a rock wall since the Sun is about to
set
I say we entity here which has been an
awesome day we've gotten to serve a
bunch where you have hung out on an
island been completely lost yeah and I
got with little pretty girls yeah they
were super cute or so nice so without a
great day we did hope you guys enjoyed
our little cover ship of the mountains
yeah we will look back with more and as
usual if you have recommendations of
things we should show let us know yeah
see you tomorrow ciao
whoa
