good morning how are you
I think everybody is good but it's
raining out so we're doing a bit of a
like movie premiere like pre watching
walks we watched Johnny's two vlogs and
now we're going to want yesterday's
clothes from here and it's like movie
time yeah like we always have an
afternoon
yeah hit button to play and then we want
to look we'll come back with a TV I want
to see one more you know the one from
yesterday yeah I didn't see that you
watch movie yes it's just watch movie
with the whole day yeah but I haven't
even seen the one from the web day
before because yes he had a rough time
I've seen the rough cut but that the
title cuts good come so our knit our
hundred us is really so it takes like
five hours upload a video
well-done particle is a car like a good
way to start the morning for videos one
more kill it with the edits pockets
Thanks well it's nice music it's nothing
in the water so much I have time to
watch it so what are we going to do
today they need to know for a second see
if the weather
a little I don't think we're surfing
today no I don't think it comes through
in the camera how windy it actually is
like we're like you saw that broken
table who's just crazy going on with a
whip so we're gonna see what happens
with the weather and like see what else
we can do in the Maldives on a windy
on-and-off rainy day this is this by the
only way the place on the boat that we
can film outside where it's not mega
windy maybe at these two hours but it's
even 200 to go excuse me no one under
cool whatever it was like
yeah of course it's never good okay
thank you now being doubly in an hour
just getting the boat doing yeah we're
the tribe for an hour to get a boat for
two hours but it's real windy and no one
wants to have a boat the boat is here
finally yeah when are we going to board
it yeah we get on the roof yeah
just junk on
no but the good thing is when you're on
a boat and the weather's bad you can't
serve
it's good to go tonight
welcome thank you we are now at Paradise
Island and we have an official guest
card yeah so we're gonna we're gonna go
see what this island has and where I see
white sand beach and palm palm trees I
think maybe I was here eight years ago
but my memory is just not good oh yeah
yeah let's just go charge of that group
and let's go explore get me I can beat
your guy Oh
white beach and turquoise water and you
know I like that villa some pillar yeah
and photos on it yes yeah it's about to
be photo frenzy here we got a snorkel
yeah I'm looking at those two and one
thing we got to do before we leave is
snorkel yeah I'm in we got to figure out
how to get somewhere here I'm in I'm
totally me but I want deep I wanted like
I can go so kind of an interesting fact
I think we read on Google that one of
those villas is about 3,000 euros per
night per night per week per night I
guess per night everybody say we're
paying two grand for a week on a boat
that's why a boat in the Maldives is
winning winning well except when it's
windy
do you impose on it no that's the pose
see I have a rule I do not shoot
Instagram posters like or like the from
behind like this
well my camera does not snap those why
not because it's like this every time
it's like the definition of of like
doing what everyone else does a nice
photo is like different and like cool
okay
and I hate Instagram poses that one is
more okay happening it like this one
like oh this one yeah it's like but
although when I do the poses okay okay
let's see a demonstration of that in
illegal Instagram poses okay here's
number one the night you got it yeah um
and then I hit this one oh I'd like to
double the double is worse arching your
back and even triple worse it's two
girls doing the Instagram post together
Marcus how you feel about the backflip
scared hold on let me get closer here
what's the trick well the trick is to
jump really high and then do a backflip
this is not standing well o Nanak sign
in my face another one
I am bringing an umbrella
you don't need this Marcus of course not
No
maybe so much lung why do we like this
am i come on P wave awesome looking
weather
we gotta find some money pay the guy who
else is on it
but I would say that the ride over there
were more scary yeah I think the way it
was so taller like I just wait
again to be on the video blog first yeah
let's do that
oh you guys tomorrow we only come back
with the blonde rainstorm yeah
ciao guys tomorrow pray for good weather
