where's the Dolphins go I don't know
they got camera shy yeah it's a nice
place to wake up though yeah so we're
having breakfast and it's just like 50
dolphins chillin next to the boat and
then you have like this paradise beach
and it's I'm gonna say that the Maldives
is my favorite place on earth yeah epic
surfing mega like tropical stuff and
dolphins and everything but I think that
yeah we need more trips like this I
agree and then cool I think the best
part is not the waves it's not the palm
trees it's not the dolphins it's meeting
a whole group of new people that you've
never seen before and ever I was just
awesome so if you missed out on this
trip there's more coming yeah sure like
sorry oh no gotta be up there like
that's what we're having breakfast
looking at is that cool or what
I don't know why the elephant's are so
cool they're just so we saw that there's
the most common question what yesterday
was like you got to introduce everybody
we've had so many that it's been hard to
introduce everybody but now we're going
to walk around say hi to everyone who's
on the boat ask them what the name is
where they're from that's over there
because he's like camera guy my name is
Eric and I am a youtuber and I live in
New York City back then short and sweet
that's the start and we have Sebastian
Hey
I'm Sebastian from Germany and I'm an
upcoming youtuber and check my insta 18
sons nice perfect yeah we'll put like
all all instagrams and everything in the
description cool let's go on and say hi
to the rest to start a team Norway team
Norway gentleman from Norway our friend
yes hi I'm Hannah Canada Toronto hi I'm
Danny I'm Sweden you got it
David Ronald Stanford Connecticut
oh and ladies come-come
in Texas not the guna I'm machi I'm from
Sweden South Australia
yeah there's accent Rossi Montana the
chef where are you from
- - we'll come back with whoever's
missing but let's figure out if you
should go surfing it looks iike you are
red today today I'm me and orange yellow
yellow
the key to get surf shots is to have
recognizable stuff right choice do you
want to try the Omni bar yeah cuz if you
want to try that again switch yeah
now we can try both let's do it cuz it's
a great board yeah
oh the question is how I get back for
the bolt so I ended up on a deserted
island the triangle oh cool
don't forget me hitching a ride with a
jetski look at him
what a nut guy yeah once your board or
your leash snaps it's like nowhere to
get out but I think I have a sea urchin
in my foot I need to go I want in your
boot like one of those pointy spike
balls oh crap cuz I was like trying to
walk across the reef Oh not happening
but how was the session it was windy
messy some great stuff in there and then
a lot of punishment when I lost the
board oh it's lunch time
we need like one of those coin machines
they put like coins in and then when you
run out of coins you have to go in
because once we go out like how long did
you stay out yeah I mean we couldn't get
back there was no box where are we gonna
stay out a few hours then I got to walk
on the beach and I enough to pay for the
island miss it either and I got a jet
ski right back yeah I felt like a pro
like going up back in the light up there
yeah like yeah it's being John John
Florence Achille except they're at not
amateurs so while he's having fun we're
back here working on it as you're
talking as usual I guess we're having
fun - yeah no I mean a blow I need to do
a vlog on this computer because I'm
uploading applause on this computer and
my internet is not good enough just
uploading Internet life everyone is so
stoked I love it
but what's not to be stoked about not
this chicken picks up when you lose your
board dear you feel like you're alone on
an island one more way to put just one
more way the most set blind on this trip
where do the weights go I don't know
surf gods don't us don't you on a boat
the like hang out
so I see people surfing and you're
chilling you what's going on
I'm just tired well let me show you here
why I'm tired pull that leash ne see
here like these two leashes used to be
the same size and now like I was under
the water this thing attached to my foot
and I'm like I'm not coming up like ah
so I'm grabbing this because the board
is floating on the top of the water it's
like you're climbing the leash to try to
get to the surface and with the pot like
I think we bought leashes they weren't
really meant for the power we've had in
the waves but I just thought I feel real
badass when you stretch Elysian break
galician the first time you break a
leash no I've done it before but I've
never really compared like how much you
stretch it but I think it's time to end
the video blog since the yeah it's
nothing as well yes I say we say ciao
and then we show some surroundings so
this incredible place yeah before we get
some rest and ready to like good score
I want to go diving as well meet you I
can't surf this much I'm gonna die
though yeah ciao ciao ciao ciao
