ha see ha good morning good morning
how's it looking it is looking massive
well massive converting yesterday we're
just arriving to the break we anchored
up on the other side of the island
and we're supposed to go for morning
surf but I overslept but apparently
there was a lot of guys in the water and
now it's just looking money good like
money yes it like scary so we're gonna
we're gonna jump in the water see maybe
we can get a wave on film
yeah or if we need to stop the open up
but it's looking unreal yeah cool it's
crazy-looking huh quick attack this is
what we came for
yeah little this wave is so shallow you
have the reef on the inside the
questions are here a drone it or boogie
board a drone it sure we need the
footage
I'm scared it's looking super super nice
though reshef this way last night just
like real last life and it was second
not just bracing Lauren
yeah so that policy though well I have
the best way of my life so it's pretty
damn good
did you yeah nice Jeff oh my god ah good
job and that like what four hours I
don't know to be honest
oh it's insane out there isn't it it's
so good
nice it's the best wave I've ever
written and it's so fast oh that feels
good
I'm so tired I should have gone in like
two hours ago but just couldn't thank
you thank you
how many hands do you lose boss I lost
my hat on the first surf and then you
found it yeah yeah I'd be half a tee
yeah
and I lost it on the second serve so now
I'm going to try to make a better
solution because I it's getting bigger
and bigger and bigger by the minute
maybe hats is not priority number one
that was small this morning no it's not
small that's Paul's coming in like we
were out there and then it was just like
these cleanup set you're like oh thanks
it that's the best wave I've ever served
that's so cool yeah everybody says oh
you and you're so tired you need to
sleep your eyes are really red they're
actually pretty much always right
because I damaged my eyes too much with
Sun so that's why I'm trying to wear a
hat mmm and wearing a hat when you're
surfing you know it's great but what
you're getting destroyed then your hats
like you're on your neck like it's not
that epic
gripped us yes he looks so good now if
this happens like that should stay on
but if it like comes on board it'll
still hang on like that you creative
like I have to fight every single second
to not get out there but you never want
to stop like I can't stop you're the
last one out on the last one as well
like an hour after all the other guys
yeah I saw everyone leave I'm like I
used another one and then an hour pass
by and I'm like I'm all alone it's not
as fun anymore and I couldn't like move
but I don't know what it is with surfing
but it's just the feeling when you get
the wave and today yeah I honestly are
the best way of my life I'm like my knee
up boy oh this just go so fast and
gnarly and yet it's my love it I love
maybe a little rest and then we go hit
it okay well if someone's like about to
jump in the water now I'm gonna go too
but yeah I like cuz it's supposed to get
really big in the next two days yeah I'm
not scary yeah I mean I just don't have
the board's with me for that no but it's
like some of the stuff that comes in now
is almost double overhead so it's it's
already big but I'm just so psyched I'm
not scared
nice but yeah let's let's see what
everyone's doing and hope that no one's
going out for a little bit good film on
filming so we just got to this other
remote island and I figured out what
just play around with the drone event
cuz Marcus has done all the drone flying
yeah but it's kind of windy it's super
windy so let's see how the Mavic handles
the wind but we got to check this out
from the sky yeah
you
I
how's it going well I tried this
shoulder mount in the morning and it
turns out that's not ideal for surfing
or he just didn't really set it up
correctly so now we're going old school
and that is go put on the front yeah
conserve things like surfing's like the
hardest long so you can do it because
it's so tricky to get the shots because
you're out there for three hours and you
get a wave every twenty minutes
yeah so unless you have 94,000 Grove
drones yeah I would like to have ninety
five thousand roads everything's okay as
long as the GoPro stays on
Oh
around here it's real thick I can't see
me but it scare your shit what's up boys
are you alive I need
it's pitch black we're gonna die ten
times out there I know it looked scary
as soon as you saw the light in a boat
we're like oh we're good for safe but
we're fine we were out there it was
pitch black and his huge slip came
crushing and they felt like it was like
mega big yeah we were alive relying and
I think I hope you shot that one I I
took one for the team you may look out
there and then imagine yeah at least
like 15-foot faces coming in from God it
was the worst lady ever but still a good
idea yeah cause we had fun it look at me
I'm excited
not so good bye yeah well goodbye we'll
see you tomorrow it's supposed to get
even bigger yeah okay I got to prepare
for tomorrow other map
