good morning good morning
hari slept like 12 hours I don't I'm
gonna waiting for eight and a half hours
have you yeah
first I woke up at 12:30 and then I
googled lenses for four hours then I got
up and then I went surfing for three
hours yeah and now we're having french
toast but true Canadian maple syrup
they're crazy do you want to put the
camera down for a second have a fresh
toast yes and then we'll come back in a
sec I just had to film you first Marcus
thank you good morning very nice give up
yourself in the mirror you should have
some of this yes hello hello how are you
feeling I'm feeling good you're good
again yes I have never seen Marcus as
tired as I saw him this morning like we
went out and surfed and I got back on my
kiss anyone see Marcus no no so I
knocked on the door and like nothing my
seal cake your salt you were so tired
last night I've never seen him tired at
night no knocking knocking knocking
knocking and now you're finally awake
yes finally so we had a nice little
morning surf from 6:00 to 9:00 and then
we moved on to this new like paradise
spot yes what 100% paradise with every
place we see is paradise yeah but this
this is better like the key you see in
the beach over there
yeah yeah but ADIZ yo um so I have an
idea how about we send the drone up
shoot all this so you guys can see where
we're at and then we'll come back later
and give a little boat tour so you can
see where we're staying on the boat yes
I mean I figured if we are in a boat we
should show where we're staying perfect
idea
and then also in the comments if there's
anything else you want to see or know
about our trip and everything in general
just let us know yes if you left the
drone I might go for a little sir I'm
trying real hard not to answer
no not yani without tuna four hours this
morning oh nice now I'm gonna look for a
bit my shoulders are dead so I go drove
you go sir okay what first I rest
but that flag drone is always a good
plan let us show you guys where we are
this is well worth the trip
you
there wasn't that many waves and but I
lost my hat again again
how many hats to have well I lost it
this morning found it and lost it again
no I have more I need to figure out a
better solution yeah that one was like
it she's so nice it's in the water it's
turquoise I saw the drone I'm like come
on waves come on which also come on legs
come on you and then when the drone left
I got these sick barrel yeah got super
nice but I'm from surfing this morning
and now I'm exhausted
yeah that's how long yes like twenty
three thousand calories subscribe what I
need her is going to be the the main the
main - this is a mystery I liked all
right we're eating curry every day yes
this airs are we'll start the boat tour
a little bit this here is our lunch
table and this here is our crew hey crew
what do we have Sweden Norway Denmark
Germany Canada u.s.
a forgotten night I've got the
shakuhachi the chaff and toxic courage
yeah yeah I love curry but at this point
I'm almost too tired all this fork so
we're gonna eat then I come back with
more boat tour later yeah and both tour
continues we are now on the front of the
boat I guess you guys have seen the boat
from the drone so you kind of know what
it looks like so we're gonna just run
you through the boats you know what it
looks like from the inside yep
so yeah out here is the place up haven't
been yet because that's now there's a
chilling area chilling around and then
in here we have a captain Oh
and I guess this is like the editing
studio we have Eric over there editing
anything and uploading yeah because we
have a cell phone tower right there spur
we're good
we thank don't you show the SIM cards I
don't know where they are
okay well I bought a hundred and fifty
gigabytes worth of SIM cards mmm we
should be good it ended up your both 10
SIM cards yeah yeah well cuz I do not
want to run out of internet that was
important
yeah so yeah here it's like I guess the
only thing that goes on here is anything
right it's uploading
I'm totally it's very slowly but it's
happening yeah Hama keep it there we
have the bar we have beer lemonade water
we have a book here it's all based on
honesty that we have to like write down
what we get so I hope you're doing that
Marcus let me show you our middle room
oh no hang on it no do you like your
room yeah we have a/c nice it's really
cool in it yeah it's so nice yeah so but
we did I push the wrong buttons last
night so I that was up struggling
transitive but now it's golden nice in
here so we should keep it cold bathroom
bathroom not it's a little bit of a mess
and no mess in your stuff now I'm trying
to stay better I'm working on a constant
shooting any missile or then we have
visit six cabins down here son
and I think it's too dark to fill yeah
but it's seven Kevin's I love the wood
style like modern boats are cool
this is like more I just like the
feeling there's meter room here another
room yeah
and then here is the lunch food area yep
banana this praise for a bit back here
this is where we board these two boats
that take us to the surf break we're one
break over there one over there I see
the butter so whenever we want to go we
get one of these boats to take us to the
breaks and I'm trying to tell the guys
not thank me because because I'm gonna
die within three days making surfing
this much and then upstairs cuz you all
know me I cannot do things a little no
and I guess this is kind of like where
we hang out the most if you aint turn
around here maybe help the wind a little
um so yeah basically up here we have the
view of the surf breaks which is really
cool we have all the boards so this is
like where we hang out and like try to
plan and figure out our day where we
should serve from what we should do
yes so it's all like group decisions
yeah we're uh we're like a combined guy
team yeah and then you have like the
really nice say Instagram area the
Instagram area wipe them clean and I
think that's it it's a little windy that
makes it tricky the big deck up here is
really killer when you want to check out
you can just see okay there's ten guys
in that way
so let's go there yeah but that's really
shallow like really gnarly okay but yeah
that's what makes boat trips so good
that you're flexible you can just move
around I like go let's go check out
there oh that's a lot of people let's go
to the next one yeah and you're yeah
it's wonderful we are gonna probably
take one of these dinghies and go to the
beach and check out the islands nice and
try to do some non surfing infinities
because my shoulders are like spaghetti
yeah and if that's uh we don't have much
of a plan for the days no we're just
like oh let's go ahead a cat that we
have two plans one surf to take
Instagram photos no one surf to enjoy
life and like on number six Instagram
okay fine or was that like a recent
apply your Instagram no you weren't this
link below if you want to follow it no
it was more like you want to surf in
here and you're gonna want to take
history on photos follow you on as well
okay I'm wrong
but it's slippery
whoa the sand makes so slippery you need
help gummy yes okay
okay we're ready
you can get it going on it it's all
about the shop dude ever I will never be
able to get up now you have to see how
athletic you are now feed on the
shoulder and climb that thing but I'm
dirty doesn't matter it's fine do you
want the Instagram shot or not I do she
wouldn't know what now get up okay then
how do I get down
what is it that's a later problem
try not to laugh are you gonna sit on it
there you got it done
you get crushing complete yummy take the
photo
haha now get down I need you
I think it's closed hey the question is
do you think their matzo ball I would be
the happiest man on earth
I need sugar I need like Oh Snickers sir
I think yeah someone's gonna open it
yeah I got the feeling that someone's
walking around here's the lady shop lady
what do you think man what is okay max
about oh yes I know everything
yes oh that was my first reaction as
well
Oreos like laughing at a great recognize
to this ask the color of a Snickers I
don't think it is a snicker coolest shop
ever that our guy the pickup is there is
that impeccable timing take that thing
out to the boat and go sir
look at that it's a great bang
yeah just got there and crush it but now
we got to run to the boat cuz the boat
guys here spotless here yep thanks
thanks for opening my eyes to see more
than water
I like this island a lot
Oh
hey guys search for it is that time
again it's like my arms can't move but
it looks - I'm gonna go and catch one
wave are you sure you gotta start but
it's not that often that we're in the
Maldives and it's like sunset in the
waves like it just yeah the boat is
leaving we're going around the island
okay
yes sir five minutes oh yeah we'll see
you tomorrow bye mala mine
