I think my suckiness is contagious what
do you mean same things we were just
about alright we have things under
control
oh no we don't we have microphone on our
lens down at Richards Daniel's forgot a
couple things at the pharmacy so we're
going to start the day by getting those
things packing up going the airport
picking up surfboards and then flying
across the world yes yay success we have
necessities like sunblock in my kind of
stuff and then like the first-aid kit
you never know what happens when you get
to read yep and like if you have slim
feet yep case you get blisters nice so
yeah we're almost
and we leave in two hours less than two
hours I have not started packing yet me
neither
we have to go to Richard get the mic and
then go to another pharmacy because they
didn't know what the only search for yes
door and Donald control as usual hey
should we say that I forgot it or was it
a group it's a group effort thank you
thank you
yeah let's put that thing on okay hey
don't bye bye see you soon I hope
yeah we didn't get enough time down you
know it was like in and out fix things
and then out I'm gonna miss you so much
I hate goodbyes yeah but not yet see you
soon
Susan see you in 10 days before ciaochao
ciaochao ciaochao upon his earth save
you I'm gonna keep them safe okay good
good bye bye
did you get it yeah perfect did you get
it no luck for me okay not for me let's
go yeah that's about time so pick up if
you want our Ian the problem is that we
don't know if we're coming back here or
if we're going straight to Austria from
the airport we land in Malaga and
Austria is like winter stuff yeah that
makes things more tricky but I think we
are gonna go for we're coming back here
yes please and then we'll just figure it
out so we have to get back in yeah but
let's just put the camera somewhere and
then try to figure out what to bring to
the Maldives
looking dude that was like a full-on
workout session but now my goal is to be
so organized that I can't lose anything
yes look at this bag like here lens neck
pillow extra boxers socks neck massager
lens lens power bar power bar head sense
you know sunglasses passports everything
up here I'm gonna try not to loose
anything on this trip and the problem we
have with the surfboard is that we have
to one board bags so I'm gonna try to
find every random thing I can and duct
tape protection to it because there's no
good sir packs and actually I gotta take
a shower before we go yep we'll see
outside once the cars here nice
the car is here yeah
but Yanni made me a sandwich best
girlfriend Oh ever we need to go pick up
the surfboards so let's just get there
real quick yes
got oh we got it took em like 40 minutes
to type in the prices of these doesn't
fit now we're good
perfect no problem let's go except later
run to the ATM we get someone so sweaty
again yeah but now we gotta go okay
you never know if you have to push push
the button or anything
by name
how to protect the surfboard 101 with
you know them well you take everything
you have and then you just kind of just
wrap it around it that's the problem
with surf effects that they have zero
protection and you're protecting
something that is so fragile ah so 101
is bring duct tape and everything every
soft material you have know that gotta
be safe at some times with me it's less
on safe
well I think that one if your right to a
surf destination and your boards broken
it's really shitty yes oh yeah did you
have good hopes on this solution I mean
it's not bad actually
yeah but I would have loved to do this
yesterday with some time and
yeah this area perfect okay they should
be fairly protected we have a lot of
stuff yeah that can assist us a lot on
the problem number two and that's hoping
that they allow a full load I get of
course they do
I like the positivity the triple train
with the double bar bag
nice job guys like a boss have no yes
yeah you've got the other one in case
you want to go to air to 6/5 mother I'm
gonna come on - and that's for the baby
thank you thank you smart June well if
one of them arrives and the other
doesn't that time well that means the
someone stole it but now I feel pretty
good nice pretty happy here with my duct
tape job good let's go uncheck it in
there over there I guess
my mind bye-bye bye-bye boogie board if
you want to be first or last year's I
don't know I think maybe we have good
seats here so I'm not aiming for dead
last
but I still want to get on pretty late
what about you
I don't care Uli you decide when you
tell me you want to get on will get on
okay young man
what when you want to get on I think
first I think that ship sail by shape
actually that's boring okay cause they
have food on a hangover let's go first
thank you
I don't care about the food I just wanna
be seen hush I only care about the food
I get sittin in the bathroom so when we
booked the ticket we were so last-minute
that the economy was almost this is
expensive as business so a book business
and if I book business and there's a
small seat I'll be really Bob planes
looking real small so crap is that a
swear word not have to bleep it up now
now crying is a finger crap crap week we
uncensor stop swearing
I never spec I can only focus on one
thing right now
hello we're we're looking good we were
debating if there are small seats are
big seats in this system
see now I'm real happy I mean
this will do
Paul is a good one there chocolate
business wise Melbourne will come here
for Destruction lights quicksort rates
our aircraft back number TK 1 300 more
to Istanbul
Oh
legend command their children let's give
us about fasten on spontaneous maternal
passengers who need special assistance
our conservative support thank you for
back with Turkish Airlines a member of
survived
he forgot their caps go back home she
forgot she forgot something
yes of course you can you can always go
back yeah no problem but we do it all
the time planet foster hat forgot
something on it you lost it yeah let's
admit it she refuses to admit she forgot
it
forgot it because I asked you guys know
it's quarter to midnight I think so we
kind of need to end today's vlog we do
but I don't know how to say goodbye and
Turkey ah okay give me two seconds
Willie goola goola goola goola goola
good of it we will see you guys on the
plane tomorrow on the way to the
Maldives and if for some reason a blog
is late it's because we don't have
internet so make sure to check my
Instagram link below mine is also linked
below
yeah they're all down there okay follow
all of us if they're late and check it
out in that way we can't read off the
human your best to do it every single
day on time but yeah there's nothing on
this around we really don't have
internet yes like nothing and that means
she's swimming towards internet to get a
Instagram up Gilligan ah
