yeah this is perfect here than I have
all that good morning good morning
there are we with plans to the house yes
we are we've been being late with
rebuilding the cells but now I felt too
sorry for Fernando so today we went
through everything and we are now just
going to get the budget and then it's
like demolition time like that whole
walls going to be gone that's in your
chillin area that walls gone this stairs
is gone a lot of changes everything is
gone new windows new terrorists like
everything so yeah that's how we spent
their morning I'm trying to as usual I
try to learn what costs what like how is
a fixed window compared to a sliding
window because if I can understand I can
help myself to save money so that's why
I really like it but I feel like we're
finally in a in the ending face and now
I'm going to jump into a Skype meeting
with douchebags to develop bags so we
can sell bags so I can build houses cool
that's the plan
you're the messiest person I've ever met
you well I couldn't agree more
the reason we're going to the bank is
for me to pick up a new credit card
because yesterday I realized I lost my
visa yes like I was really in a
bombed-out movie yet mood yesterday
because I just can't remember where I
put things I need a beeper on everything
yeah so now let's put them in the same
place every time like I want to cry like
I just hate about him and now we're
gonna get a card and it's gonna be good
again
junga you new park I get the card yeah
but did you get your card I got my card
nice Oh a card it yeah but I'm still
like what can you do to like stop
sucking that bad
every morning awake it's like that movie
50 first date every morning I wake up
like I am naughty well okay let's go
home and make a system of how to
organize your stuff essentials well
finally some success
yes seneschal here's today's travel tip
from unit Marcus you travel with one of
these that way you don't need 15
converters in different you know country
with that s different air like there's a
little smart yeah that way one converter
and a whole bunch of outputs yeah
because we have a lot of charger cameras
batteries computers phones no no phone
but no no phone for you but I think it's
a chill time oh there's the car
yes yeah I need yeah you probably
noticed that I had a stressful morning
so I want to go jump in the pool and
enjoy Marbella for a little yeah the
last day before we leave
yeah yeah yeah one not one a we care me
too
I do not want to leave at all where's
you I think he's in the pool swimming
again always what do you think about
this speedos I mean they're okay just
okay
you and your speedos are okay what's
that your speedos are okay rather good
Jonnie was just saying she liked them
planning off any organ likes videos
except the people of spinner
serve underwater you like to me yeah I
really missed that it's like meditation
cuz when I work too much I get sometimes
it feels like my brains about to melt
and then you swim and it's just so nice
cools down relaxes yeah yeah I'm on lap
five now the player to go
we're done helots 20 laps cool well 2010
yeah and don't get it
yeah 10 Rancho Ron trips
yep oh so work out though today done and
now my head feels neutralized nice
unhappy nice I ready to do more working
take any things but I figured I would
wait for you to like go shoot her cool
flower or something like that before I
jump out and show my pale ass the
speedos okay I'll just cover it yeah I
mean when you are swimming it's nicer
speedos but I agree it's not that cool
but I am gonna catch your wave with
speed oh nice excited to see Oh house
that was exactly what I needed but now
we should probably maybe start packing
up a little organize our camera gear how
about we do that yep like all the GoPro
mounts like everything yep yes good plan
organized or getting stuff organized
makes me really happy
me too not that I ever have stuff
organized so strange that I'm happy
we're totally sob I got a chair we have
all the year let's do this you know we
got one instruction pack really light
it's not a lot of space and I'm like
okay our camera Gary is just gonna cover
what we can fit luggage was yep
that's why we just laid it all out to
try to figure out what we need to bring
yeah this one the long lens you love
that one I love it and then of course
two drones so that we can just fly
together yeah and a lot of batteries for
thematic nuts they're essential super
good we have the tripod we have the like
a queue you're filming with like SL we
have the
that one's going to be good that a
gimbal stabilizer yep we're a little
short on GoPro mount where you realize
hmm the one the one that clips into this
so that we need to write down that we
need to get and you have to your screen
as well yeah I realized that with me
running around being stressed that's
something I need to dial in before I go
nuts on it but I'm still missing I feel
like there's part somewhere but I
thought it just like I just need a pair
of shorts the camera here that's all
well I need but yeah I say that we get
dressed and then we go and use this
equipment and film for yani yes I think
that sounds like a perfect plan but I'm
ready honey she's almost ready now we're
ready but yeah at least now you kind of
see what we travel around the world with
yep which is growing by the minute
this looks like the perfect fun night
yeah let's grab a thumbnail are you guys
ready yep yeah I'm dying I've been
waiting for like forever okey yes god I
always have to wait for you guys we're
gonna go shoot Yanni look at what she's
wearing and I'm pretend how warm she is
well you're warm Yanni yes but how
happened it's fine yeah yeah how happy
are you with your job that me and Marcus
are like yes let's go out then test that
lens super happy I just wanted to hear
that
you
the question is are you looking for cars
or locations we're looking for locations
we're waiting for this black hole wall
here that yeah we got to be creative
when you shoot it has to be perfect
my main camera operator yes all right so
that's your biggest dream yeah you don't
want to be second camera operator of
course not I am second camera operator
you're so sad we're gonna go to
Richard's I'll wait for light for half
an hour
Wow Shore okay we have bigger a bigger
cameras Oh
just if you wonder I'm main camera
operator and nightmarket second camera
and ask us main camera operator I'm
gonna work on the tripod dumb nice what
do you think Donnie I think you guys are
the best
we'll see ass with everything in life
the more you do it the better you get
and if we go out and do this it means
that we're gonna get better at some sort
of filming it can help the ball yes 100%
and that's what we partly and then
partly because you cut my head off ITIF
I don't know and because it makes you
happy
oh you got it you might you know what
makes me happy now making me happy
no no to eat to go eat yeah that makes
me happy as well
I say we say boy when is not cheese or
notches not chess no chance come on
nachos eat some nachos and goodbye
where's notches Adam ah Joe Joe
