good morning on a morning how are you
good
I'm waiting as always he's always late
isn't it you think what do you mean
where you going
we're going to silly see also for lunch
cool we're gonna go for a walk yeah nice
morning what a beach walk yes yeah but I
wouldn't say morning this morning for
you maybe
at least pretend it's morning it's good
morning I'm not late I just bring a
leaking horrible smelling trash bag
you hate trust don't you see you on eat
like I'm not I'm kidding you're fine
you're not gonna come nope nope I'm
gonna edit oh my god let's go okay
alright you yeah you don't want to throw
the trash away alright we'll see in an
hour see you now no more smelly house
good let's see Jonnie house the parallel
parking game one Ford in your you're
golden I'd say that is really good
so what are we doing now well first we
got to decide I'm a Red Bull Hatter am i
rocking my new hairstyle rock your new
hairstyle should I
I feel naked without ever bring it then
no I want to be like a normal boyfriend
that doesn't never blend so yeah now
we're gonna walk 20 minutes to this
great restaurant cafe yep and just have
a beautiful little touristy moment yeah
hey bro it's nice to walk but when you
have to walk to get places I don't like
it I'd like to walk to walk nice when
you come and you're in juice all right
here I mean they're ready o ordered us
our favorite I'm gonna grab some of that
right away ball chairs through a lunch
oh I was chasing with the camera hmm
what a good plan oh yeah now it's a good
plan but I won I was sweating in the Sun
it was not a good fun after five minutes
you like why did you walk I was like
it's nice the weather is so nice yeah
and now you're hungry yeah I was just
really hungry I was hangry
I wanted my food Bible how healthy do I
log oh you're on the wrong way and use
your clothes just film this way that's
easier yeah so a side ball is my new
obsession since I went to Hawaii and
watch the pipeline masters the only
thing I had was disciples yeah so now I
love it yes and you get fruit it's
healthy it's great
but yeah now I'm finished ready to get
on with our day yeah are you finished
are you happy I'm super happy I love
this place
they're famous for cupcakes but no more
cupcakes we're going on a beach vacation
oh shit I forgot we got to throw away
the moxa pond at home okay let's go
uh-huh oh I am so up we're getting a
ride I'm so full
me too okay so we have this app all of
our Monaco
the Monaco crew so it counts your steps
every day so we have this competition
every week who walks the most steps and
I hate it because it means I can't take
the elevator the hotel's no F take the
stairs yeah you want a white girl is
10,000 steps a day and once I'm on I got
18,000 steps yes
that's too many No and so today we're
only have eight thousand seven hundred
so I have to go for another walk I guess
now all yes no more walking golf cart
thank you bye bye
um I want to drive okay but I say maybe
we spin up to Marcus to work work up
there okay life looks tough for Marcus
today it is tough honest well how's this
one doing it's doing good it's the only
one we have
yeah I think so the other ones have like
flown away for the winter
yeah and died and stuff you have a shirt
on
no I was such in a cleaning mode like
look at this here this is me being on a
cleaning mode I feel so good when I get
to go like home and do laundry and like
normal things but now I got jealous of
you so I think I'm gonna just jump into
yeah I might even have to break out the
speedos and work on my underwater
swimming yes all whoo speedo ba was it a
good one yeah it was a good one I yelled
how's the camera do it is it okay all
right since we are going to places where
you can die diving practice starts now
not now initiate diving practice come on
how was it nice good I feel like shape
jeah
good nice if the water is like perfect
temperature nice and I realized how much
I loved being underwater it's like
therapy it is I love it cuz you got to
stay calm and relaxed and if you stress
you're not a good swimmer
that's kid actually I have a challenge
for you yeah a challenge for me how
surprised am i let's see if you can do
four laps
one two three four back involved or
considering you swam to like a boss and
I've been swimming a bit it should be
easy-peasy
I never say no to a challenge
got it nice job
if that wasn't on camera wouldn't it
done it pretty tiring cuz it's like when
you turn around that's where you lose
your energy because it's energy
consuming yeah
well our next mission it's the drive 45
minutes to a surf shop and try to find
boards because we need boards for the
Maldives and I don't have any boards
here okay so I'm guessing they have
fence all right a couple more laps and
then we should get going yeah get those
surf boards nice let's go trade cars
sure it's funny I had to put my hats to
one size smaller
did you yeah why cuz it'll consume the
air so much hair they are gone that is
gone now so don't do Richard dr. Richard
ain't get a new car it's electric
electric no gas mileage really fast
it's a carful woman it's red I don't
drive woman cars I Drive fast cars man's
of course richard has one of these in
the garage as well yeah but his white
okay well I was in a man I was gonna
make this camouflage but I'll have
another time okay okay hey boys we just
bought a car you I'm tired
buy a new bike cool cool bike
that is really cool now let's see the
stop man so they have to go with me
Cesar let's go
I wouldn't be a kid again just you argue
no when I was a kid I didn't have like
on a bike in her weird bmxs back then
yeah because you say all the time you
say all these words you're like a kid I
have no idea what you're doing
I've seen and heard you stop swearing
Marcus
yes stops me you're stupid where do you
want this bad boy just the front
your shoes are notching the icon
yeah yeah right lady shoes stop swearing
Richard what are you doing that I have
been to the shop and bought some locker
for the bike and to have something to
drink yeah think really getting them
into the whole bike thing hundred
percent or nothing hello yeah that's
where I got 100% from yeah and I saw the
bike in the shop frame mid-price it's
crazy you know I really love no not for
the bike just look right way hola thank
you I've seen the price on the boat so
really now we're gonna go buy surfboards
it should be around here somewhere
barking all right now let's hope that
they have some sort of boards that I
want I called the nest and they said
yeah we have a lot of surfboards but
this is not exactly a surf paradise
deceits I don't know if I want to go to
the Maldives with one board one Maury
Monday I feel this one belongs board to
that but these are smaller than the ones
that brought on trips before so what can
we find that's one for Marcus and one
for my girl that are not on cause each
one the expensive no it's 120 I just
want to see you paddle for the biggest
thing you can find from 11:00 in the
morning lieutenant Mike and no lunch
break no super let me see on Saturday
thank you
Surya we got to pick everything up on
the way to the airport but now we know
that they have board so we're all set
we're all good yes except we're going
home without boards let's make a spin
and see where we end up we are little
back with a gold car back with young at
the golf car and hopefully my 15-inch
laptop that hopefully not doesn't have a
cracked screen anymore yeah but that
will of discuss later because we got to
go shoot some yani pigs message Amazon
cool that is always a part of our day
y'all sat down and ready uh yep let's go
see when you're fighting against the
light you got to be fast fast like
lightning
I am GPS
I have also GPS we've never flown these
two together before there there now
brothers
don't you want to drive now I'm good
let's open up up
boys and their toys but when you play
around here should maybe say bye to the
video what you don't want to hang out
with us when we pleasure oh no I feel
like not hanging out with you guys no
are they yeah but it's so fun
my boy bye-bye okay so with that we will
just say buenas noches no chance no
chance no chance see you guys tomorrow
ciao
