hello good morning how are you I'm good
I'm a bit tired yeah please what time is
it it's like 12 No 11:55 should eat what
no no I thought it was like maybe 9
he has been 5500 I never slept that long
okay so in that case I have been a bit
of a hurry because I had so many things
I wanted to do what step 1 we have to
book our tickets to the Maldives yeah
yeah would you it's up to you but
instead of us like putting a time-lapse
here I say we jump right back to New
York where we did a queue and I Riley
because I everyone wanted and they'll
thinks about Riley and trust me I found
out about 49,000 things I didn't know
about him so check it out and say hi to
rice
so hello from the past we realized that
we haven't done the Q&A with Riley so we
are going to do little interview Q&A
style here are you ready for it I'm
ready
we're going to start with the most
common question what is the brand of
your attractive
brand of my jacket is double RL it's
Ralph Lauren's vintage clothing line
what is the biggest movies you've been
in Batman Captain America Iron Man Point
Break I never heard of any of those so
just does her a couple yeah I honestly
didn't know that Riley is Captain
America on the motorbike until the
coming days a picture picture yeah I
just don't talk about it too much
did you already Captain America yeah
yeah we're motorcycle stuff I'm gonna
call in Captain American from now on
yeah me too um okay so you work as a
stuntman as your job how did you get
into that job my dad's done stunts since
like the mid 70s so when I was seven
years old I did my first movie and he's
happy working with it so I was a kid and
started high school started doing it and
haven't looked back well I'm going to
follow that up with have you ever gotten
injured doing it what's your worst
injury my injuries are usually when I'm
doing stupid shit with my friends you
know like jumping off cliffs
doing fun stuff usually not at work but
at work it's like you know torn muscles
sprained ankles stitches stuff like that
knock on wood there's no wood but no
broken bones working it's always just
annoying concussions or like things like
that that's just suck what's your
favorite sort of stump thing jumping off
buildings or like some fire yeah that's
fun but it's kind of boring I'm not
boring but guys weren't not as epic like
driving crazy cars is always best
driving really expensive cars and having
to do really crazy shit with them and
not mess them up like drifting as though
yeah like on a street this wide with
cars and people and you can't rush them
yeah that's the most fun and scariest
have you ever crashed a car while doing
it no no not on purpose I've had to do
it on purpose
girl I'd never never crash it Baxter how
did you and you meet um well I knew of
you not because of skiing I don't know
anything about skiing I knew of him
because of his RA and the rebellion and
then my girlfriend mckaela we were in
Sweden she got in touch with Yanni about
shooting much he's a photographer shot
Yanni for her blog and I was just there
so us three were hanging out shooting in
Sweden and then I was like oh your
EWTN's girlfriend and then we got to
talking and then you emailed me about
doing gumball in LA we're in LA you
stayed at my house yeah yeah and
and yeah that's pretty much out wait
wait wait when was that two or two years
ago two years ago yeah what's the worst
stunt you have ever done Point Break was
pretty I um I could have died pretty
much a couple times that movie but
riding dirt bikes in Austria down hills
that were this steep with trees every
two feet and uncontrollably going down
hills and almost dying that was a pretty
scary one and then flipping over a Range
Rover on that movie on a mountain road
that was probably as wide as this
sidewalk click like a thousand foot
cliff
so flip the car and then you couldn't
tumble too far because you go down a
cliff and die but you still want to do
it big enough to looked cool so that's
sucked but I'd say with that we let
Marcus rest us arms and we thank Riley
for this very formal interview and now
we know more about stunts yeah and you
should post more what you do so I know
what you're doing so everyone knows what
you're done we're gonna push me whatever
pictures we find we'll post now you know
put them on here and that's how you guys
can see
you
you
and now back to the present again how
cool was that like seriously seriously
Riley you need to be a better friend and
tell us what you're doing yes like I
love all the Marvel movies and then see
you being Captain America Captain
America that's so sick
like right Nick come on come on Riley
and now we are just about to finish up
sort of this whole thing before before
we're gonna go outside because we are
booking tickets to the Maldives for a
surf trip I'm so excited we had five
more people sign up so now Yanni is
booked as well which is awesome thanks
guys
yep book and okay looking into my past I
want to make sure I do it right yeah you
hereby confirm everything and next with
you be requesting president I think
that's a confirmation so that means once
again we have been better at booking a
ticket not 24 hours before yes even
though this actually cut it short on
such a long flight good for us
so we leave in three days four days
somebody got yeah all right well let me
go get changed and then we'll head
outside ready I'm always ready did you
forget something no I'm not good at I've
lost everything there's nothing more to
forget okay so don't do the whole can
train
yeah let's spin down to Henrik that was
quick I know it was good
I like spinning I think we have
everybody likes nothing this kind of
spinning but like that they have
spinning cameras minute
oh that's good good enjoy it would be
great to perform yeah you're gonna do it
this is no waste what we're gonna slowly
you don't need to kill yourself it's
just sweat break a sweat
alright one minute of each of these
stations one minute rest and then we go
on for life probably final hundred like
forever
let's go
I feeling there big guy Oh tell the
counter on you I mean you can't even
tell that I worked out I feel real fresh
thank you thank you guys you killed it
thank you for see you tomorrow pushing
us yeah a little past the limit but as
usual I can't sleep tonight I don't know
then we'll go double speed tomorrow
you'll see you sleep very nice because
he's gonna be so tired yeah bye
hahaha I think I'm more tired of this
workout from the last time when he
killed me really good yeah you looked
pretty frustrated that no one belongs
it's hard to talk like yeah I am too I
am NOT since I hurt myself I haven't
done a proper workout but I if we're
gonna have any chance of survival in the
Maldives and waves better get to it
that's so let's jump in the pool yeah do
you want to feel my bunch of b-roll
might get nice stuff or spin around spin
take this camera yes hello flash proof
right there no do we care no it looks it
sounds like I'm dying oh it's so nice in
the fall when it's colder in the water
alright I'll be right around opening the
door okay
so what's up now now we are going to go
to the barbershop
it's barber club you nut barber shop
yeah I keep saying barber shop because
of that movie yeah you're right thanks
for reminding me yeah they're about to
get a haircut here in 20 minutes until
then we're going to enjoy they have the
best peanut butter like protein smoothie
both is good after working out I haven't
tried it before
hi it's fantastic and then Yanni's going
to come meet us and we're we're gonna
relax if that's nice I know I like your
lexing I know we're not very good at it
thank you Cheers
there's let's see if you agree that this
is the best one
purging powder and peanut butter lots of
I don't care it's approved it's so good
it could be whatever it is you drop my
snitch nice to meet you tell god I'm
really been looking forward to getting a
haircut it's been way too long
now I just need to get a job I think it
was perfect a new better version of
myself
yes what do you think yummy I love it I
think I should do this more often
cool cool then we gotta go and take some
shots of Yanni
before the sunset let's go on this
alright yeah come on baby life is going
quickly
the question is risky Kinsler door door
door door door door see we're shooting
outfits timing is key that's true and
the Sun is setting we are a little late
that's no surprise you oh trying to kill
me
did you see how about two different LexA
bones I only saw the big ones and they
suck China I hate I threw mine away on
the 360 round ones 360 round ones ah
okay so maybe you tried like a normal
one a big one yeah but a normal big one
yeah well
almost pretty okay because I hate the
sandwich part so it makes the other part
better
the saddest part is the good part
no and then I bought these round like
really cool looking ones maximum yeah
cool maximum 360 whoa I want to try
alright well see what you think it's
really not good we are at reduced power
at 17 km/h 16 come on car I think we
might have to shoot with the line
instead of against it now I think we're
a little late for against they like kind
of stuff line
yeah but it with the light can be really
beautiful oh yeah the dog is angry what
you think I think that this one lens is
winning yes yeah what that way I think
we have to have it because I am dead on
battery okay god this thing sucks a lot
of battery life out of it
it does but look it we can't look what
are you gonna show me no but we have a
really cool photo let's end the vlog and
then put in the majors okay yeah buenas
noches
where is noches from Earth funny huh bye
bye
yeah Marcus I can't say yes buenas
noches perfect photo chop
you
you
