and today we are saying good morning
from sunray mo where we are Italy
exactly about half an hour from Monaco
and we figure we're gonna try to squeeze
one little surf and again because if
there is surf you should always serve
here and yeah McKenzie who instance
we're just now arriving and it looks
like there is some big sized waves
coming in again today should be better
today I think and today we're not
surfing level 2 Beach but I wish I could
wake up like this every morning wake up
Drive half an hour and go surfing some
waves coming in yeah
we change waste no time that's kind of
what I'm thinking
20,000 times that initiative
yeah
and if there's the sinners know the Sun
and the fact that it's not dark out does
help it said breakfast and then we go
I'm so fast they just have to wait
always like it doesn't matter how many
times you serve every time you're
walking down to see the waves it's like
that excitement first play the little
butterfly especially here because you
have to jump in from these rocks but
that is pretty nice looking what
happened
I can leash broke and then this got
washed up on shore gopher gone no way
stop Ellen act okay where's like I had
like the most epic barrel spitting like
double yourself type wedding stuff and
then we lost to go to look for that yeah
we look for the GoPro now I can look you
should go get a board no no no Kurt
Benny's gonna get aboard I should look
for GoPro you know I'm the boss I decide
Benny's gonna go get aboard
he was just gonna film a couple minutes
and then this happened
No
you know GoPro today but that is life
sometimes how okay I'm gonna have to
walk back
I'm usually not bummed and I can see the
positive and everything I'm really
bummed like I really really want to
serve even though I went straight to my
face in the first couple waves it was so
fun but now I guess I will have to watch
film and just suck it up and maybe bring
a second board for the next session but
it hurts in here I had such a good
morning you know like good morning when
you have the energy that you want to
have and like you're excited
you know what no you are the hardest
charging never stop any surfer person
I've ever seen your turn now the only
reason I'm ok with that is because I saw
you I'd like the paddle with no power
yeah
thank you take the board now ok I will
no I'd like to fight in a row I couldn't
do more no I one of them but I got a few
you really criticized ok I've never been
so bummed about having a broken board
yeah normally it's like ah that's cool
the film but I was like god it's like so
long it's frustrating when you're
attending this every need we need to
work out more so we have more energy so
we can go on on stuff with this
that was some super skills MOOC to get
out of the water
like I was so not psyched to walk pulled
away from over there just but what a
good way to start a day that feeling
when the leash goes oh yeah so if you
find the goat hoop please send us a
message when you have sir go surfing
exactly always like get a bit of like
salt water in your brain in the morning
that'll kickstart things and then you
can kill it for the rest of the day as I
say we head back to Monaco and continue
their life you know we are going to
Ghana you are I don't know I feel sad
leaving you babe every time I have to
leave you Ani I feel really sad even
though I'm gonna go heli-skiing I just
want to stay and like but sometimes you
just have to go someplace and do some
scheme should we go you're gonna be
excited when you're right I am but just
a leading part I need to clean that lens
hey guys all our gear is wet and dirty
since we went filming in there aim this
thing look like a white cat no it's fine
no it's okay but if you're wondering why
my skis are really short it's because
the package with the skis got lost in
the males we're trying to find season
hello
currently we have no skis tell them what
you're doing you're gonna
Oh snow lady I'm switched spork now see
I think I see you're gonna take the
helical you know if I'm gonna be in a
helicopter all week I figured I should
warm up and that gave me like an extra
gave me like an extra 12 minutes with
you it's all about efficiency all right
thanks we're gonna shed right now I
wanna yeah let's put this away so rod
show twenty-five thousand kisses bye bye
I lost freshman the Frenchman is lost
look I lost years he's so lost you scary
I was like who is talking by itself on
this side and then it was just a weird
Swedish guy how are you I'm good I
didn't know you were here I was like I
took the shortcut I'm good no way you
came by I only have the shortcut key bag
so that's why I figured I could use it
that's a good excuse
and now every stitch you can find a
quick turnaround like surf Hulu pac-man
go here on my Fender chicken shaken
let's go we don't like this machine no
it's cheaper to fly a helicopter them to
bring two bags thank you no thank you
No
there yes unlimited everything for me
and my friends yes let's have everything
that it's gonna have everything on the
menu
we used to please feel free to order
there's many people come in with it
first
yes it's the best card I have working
yeah I'm really happy better than the
Amex with Centurion they gave that back
right what's the point of that
like Gary Gary Center we pay 8000 euros
to have a black metal card and you get
like zero benefits I mean it's it's it's
cool but it's you still don't get fruit
juices and Freesat no now I don't use
now I care more about the free sandwich
then a black card
you know it's not that important when I
was younger I just I think it's really
important like give me now you can buy
drinks healthy drinks I'll even look did
you see that validation time no infinite
discord
pure boom I love it it's a first two for
you two for me
juices and yes cheers to Kannada
yes nothing left whatsoever that you
never join the Jews in Monaco then I
would not eat anything else but now it
is time to jump up into the sky and
Lana's token so we'll see you on switch
doors stay open through customs oh this
way time for like it's all in seven
hours
oh no it's eight hours eight yeah yeah I
mean eight yeah Athens in the next
flight so we have to leave in six hours
who booked those tickets David I did and
it's missing we're really being super
successful in this whole like let's try
to chill in life to not travel and do so
many things
when you flew from Hong Kong like a few
days ago was it it wasn't that long yeah
I think it's pretty recently rid have to
check on Instagram oh is that Christmas
coming we did early Christmas in our
love yeah thanks
so we don't let a box opening when we
get up yeah yeah
yeah you can push you will excuse for
binding okay yeah so the package that
was supposed to be sent to Monaco it
didn't arrive so I've been struggling
all day trying to find skis so we found
skis but didn't have time to mountain it
couldn't find bindings so I found a pair
that we're gonna be on sale for four on
a trip so then we figured bring
everything and solve the problem later
whoa
if you only knew how much I've been like
or let's say Alexandra even more
she's been crushing goggles we're really
doing early Christmas here it was that
so these are from unique a goggle brand
that I actually started a bunch of years
ago then I had too many things to do sad
to sell my shirts but I still claimed
they have the best goggles on the market
because what else would I say if I
designed them myself when I was with the
ski team I wasn't able to use them
because of other partners now I can use
them in this is a bit of a surprise cuz
I've had a clothing sponsor for like
twenty years so now when I don't I was
like what can I do so I send an email to
a couple companies like hey do you want
to give me and Benny some stuff to use
in Canada and Coler where was really
quick to respond give us stuff so I was
really not oh that's I was thinking that
was a bit you that's exactly me no
Christmas Thank You Santa
also I think this could be mean well you
know how much less snow I'm gonna get in
my boxers I really like it yeah stoke
factor ha ha ha give me that camera try
one on what's up hello kannada not a bad
thing to get some fresh stuff the day
before or couple hours before your
flight you go heli boarding for the
first time
I have another brilliant idea
you should just send the horn ah we
don't have anything else to show no ok
so we had a very very long day studying
with some surf in Italy and then back to
Monaco and then fine from when I go to
Paris Paris to Stockholm and now it's
time to sleep and we're gonna spin on
this a little bit because we only have
one little bit it's ok we're good
friends yeah no problem we share a mouth
mount on the GoPro because thanks for
watching and thanks again for liking the
last video we had a lot of likes and a
lot of comments and thank you guys we
loved it thank you thinking you're
becoming youtubers yeah nice subscribe
while you're at it no I actually don't
like we don't know we don't know it
because we promised big things in a
million and they don't do it see you
guys after tomorrow yeah we will be in a
chopper in the next vlog I don't have
your goggles everywhere where's the
slope
