good morning good morning can anyone
guess what I'm gonna do with these to
eat the speaker need the speaker no okay
so here is the external screen that I
use in the summer I used to speaker to
put it up higher now the speaker's
completely stock like it's speaker so
I'm gonna try this but I don't want to
ruin the leather does anyone have an
idea of what actually happened no I
don't want to ruin the table either
never we can't have a speaker hold on
hear that sound oh here we go
okay so rule number one don't leave a
leather speaker on a table for three
months no great morning though Moore
again how late was your flight so late
and I fell asleep in the cab and woke up
in light Estepona no it was crazy I
always do like fucked up shit what's
what's your team not killing it I lose
my phone and you wake up in Estepona so
I think we should probably put the
camera down come back in a little one so
we have edited the log yeah epic good to
have you back I missed you
it's nice to be back high-five for being
back now you're in my bail so now you're
on chill mode you know yeah that's
enough work for today let's do something
fun I'm always up for fun we have a rope
swing you know it wouldn't be fair to
cuss a comma or anyone if we didn't came
back here and then jump in the pool yes
it's good to be back Marcus jump jump
jump jump no wait we gotta need some
energy back come on my back my back is
better but jump but we gotta get them up
there come on
one two jump have used to cure that
these ones are okay now yeah if she
bring the rope swing is not completely
run on a swan okay three two one
we're back at overkill mode oh nice oh
it's fun right
Oh yummy it's your turn always I'm gonna
get maybe tomorrow okay
maybe tomorrow because I don't want to
get my hair wet okay going to a party
tonight so yes yeah we're a little on at
the time to play around we just had to
cuz today Richard is turning 35 35 um so
we got to go and get some gift yeah but
we're not getting gifts until you do
there oh sorry Marcus okay
I love this house how was your vacation
this vacation or the one in Bergen well
the one in Bergen it was good it was
cold it was like five degrees really so
this is better yes some this is my
actual vacation let's swim
well no let's swim later let's go pick
up some gifts for Richard okay thank you
Swan you did great as usual Hey
god I've missed a gold car look at it I
mean how can you not love it
I don't think there's any car in the
world that makes people as happy as the
red little golf car but you know what
people said they said I can't wait for
you guys to be back in my Bayon I'm like
ran out of battery and shit people are
mean that's not nice they want to see us
fail yes alright so now we're gonna go
and try to find a gift for richer but
finding a gift for Richard who is a man
who has everything is far from easy yeah
so let's see what you can do
when we had two ideas one idea was that
we knew Richard wanted a bike turns out
that bike was sold out so we're gonna
see if we find a bike
number two is I'm like let's get those
boats noise cancelling headphones it
turns out he bought noise cancelling
headphones two days ago
luckily he bought the wrong one so
that's like our back-up plan and then
it's it's like walking around trying to
figure out what does Richard not happy
yeah and I want to give him sunglasses
and sunglasses
yes so yeah we're gonna try to do our
best because Richard is such a generous
guy but you know letting us be on the
boat and everything so I want to like do
it good yeah you know give it back it's
hard it's all about paying it forward
exactly like it's everything in a
relationship is a give-and-take yeah I
give what you take yep but it is
difficult when you have a 60-foot yacht
you probably bought everything else you
wanted it's yeah what do you think
that is Richard approved I think these
are perfect for Richard now because I
think he said his lenses were all
scratched up and I think these are
they're perfect Richard glasses yes
they're like discreet but still classic
let's get them are we killing it today
we are yeah sometimes you don't have
your successes sometimes we do yeah
great he's riding around town we came
here with a budget of like 500 but I
wouldn't I wouldn't feel good giving
Richard something that I didn't really
want
I'm going to ride the bike at least
other than Mirage and then figure out
how to do okay you drive out see you
notes on yeah
oh I can meet my gold bar
yeah this hill I do not want to ride
how does it feel it's such a great
workout to ride a bike even how does the
bike feel I feel sick I want to get one
cool so if you do test fitting approved
in for research exactly you can't give
someone something that you didn't want
yourself that's true but that's a good
advice for gifts I think well at least
if you know that you're very much like
the person getting the gift oh oh it's
too steep for me it's been like 10 years
since our bikes we did planted like
right at home no but then I figure that
was easier than just put it on and I I
need to get a workout yeah that's just
super nice yeah look good is it the
right one ah it's the most overkill one
they had in the whole source I hope so
yeah well this has carbon fiber frame
lockable suspension in the front and
it's the last bike that's like yeah okay
it's the best bike yani good yeah hey I
heard kind of money wanted this is the
same but just four times better nice
and I wrote a cycle so now I know I love
biking you know we got to wrap this and
then change or shower and change and yep
shit isn't this about the coolest bike
you've ever seen yeah look carbon-fiber
black feel out light it is what is this
this is just that we didn't steal it
purchase you're out there
you
look at ah
happy birthday Richard happy birthday
probably the nicest wrapping someone's
ever done and you have your gift Marcus
well get Jani admit a little that it
turned out better than you thought yeah
your boyfriend sometimes has a lot of
stupid ideas but he makes things work
approved now trying to figure out how to
put it on here we go let's go come on
he's just gonna unwrap it and then ride
it home
Oh
a very happy birthday to you it FIFA
live in Africa I live it
hey baby oh no what you been figure that
we have to end the boss with opening
this uh football that we're guessing
that it
my theory was well I should buy the bike
that I would want so this is carbon
fibre and it was the best model they
have really good and that concludes a
good day if I can only be this soul when
I'm 50 then I will be high 35 I mean
thanks a million
- - not just we'll see you guys tomorrow
you know you know this doesn't qualify
is normal right
how's it hangin Marcus it's going good
I'll see you trouble with balloons
what's the party without stealing if you
believe that's true
