are we leaving good morning first Yanni
oh sorry good morning light yes we we
came in so late last night that we ended
up staying the night at Richards places
really which was really nice yes but now
we're gonna take all our gear and look
at how much stuff we'd have collected
over the travel day weeks
what happened so now we're gonna take
the small drone and the big bags and
head up to Casa como and see if the
house is still alive yay I'm excited
me too maybe fly a little bit with this
yeah are you gonna try it yeah alright
yeah let's head on up I'm excited me too
starting the day on time yeah I feel
like every morning I say that today my
goal is to be on time and bla bla bla
bla bla and every day is chaos but today
I have I actually have total faith that
it's gonna be a good day
me too yeah we're in Spain really
managed double yeah two idiots I want to
claim that this glass door here is my
fault
hmm what thanks to you I'm gonna claim
that the glass door here is my fault
I swear we're laying in the pool and I'm
I told rich I'm like wouldn't it be cool
to have a glass door to the garage is
that I hate you now you made me spend
money on them yeah well I love you again
but but then you do this with the pool
and it makes me want to do the same
thing so it's like a give-and-take
relationship
ever home hey castle em all I
grabbed the camera I take the back okay
Oh home sweet home I know it's so nice
we've been traveling for so long it's
nice to just come home yes
sar lovely house to our lovely garden
the grass is looking real nice the grass
is green your house it's like yeah come
here we go look it we put more reason
honey yeah yeah we put another Chiclets
out there to cover more oh nice yeah
look at this garden I told you I was a
perfectionist does this qualifies
perfect the garden I would say sorry
guys were focused but it's really hard
it's looking real nice yes we even
bought the same grass cutter a lawn
mower that they have on golf courses you
get it perfect story it's perfect it
almost looks fake I say we go for a
little swim in the pool yes does it look
like the house is alive it's perfect
look what it looks like you're like my
thing you can practice with a drone here
yeah we're gonna fly drones look and
this is still alive a very special
banana for you no no it's the one that
looks like a some feather the enormity
only find in Indonesia but I had them
imported to put it here oh did normal
human being
oh Jesus Richard you need to get Jesus
yeah get me some please alright thanks
for the ride we're gonna go and install
ourselves later see you soon stop
oh it's warm in here feels good to be
back though right
oh oh nice and open and for all the new
viewers this is Cossack amo and here is
our rings that we hang in from the roof
where there's a gym that's our dinner
table and here's the view from the
balcony or from the terrace oh how
lovely
am I allowed to say 100% love hundred
and I say switch the shorts carry bags
upstairs and then do something boot
swollen coming hmm are you jumping in
the pool straight away of course you've
been at home for like there's a second
whoo was it called ah what's it called
not but I just realized my back feels
really good I'm good double triple happy
today
Oh your exercises what's that you should
do your exercises I am going to do that
later but first someone a chill with you
soin but I'm good I said that today was
gonna be under control we have blog
online pull a swan in the pool yeah life
is good hopefully I don't loosen
anything today no you're fine jump in
one more time all right and then we go
watch a movie yes
I just love them water feeling a water
up my nose
and I think we need a tan if we're gonna
be a media vlog every day with it in
shorts
that's time tomorrow but first we watch
a movie Chile yes it's a food shopping
time yes I've realized I am a terrible
sale selfie cam guy are you yeah so
shaky actually you want to try a second
film yeah but I think we need to put the
key thing in the car yeah so you got to
jump up cuts I mean do you hold that
that's it yeah I don't know where this
was to go you're gonna this seat maybe
whatever singing I think I thought I was
the main switch underneath yeah isn't it
no the only switch I've seen is the one
over there
oh no there's the second one there tow
run here we go
I'm good whoa sorry
you need one of those in Monaco there we
go got money I got money hold on let me
just put everything away I hate having
shorts with no pockets
all right medic at all I here we come
yay
and it fits where no other car fits yeah
one of the best parts about a golf car
we need to get one in Monaco I know
I hope you're happy Marcus when you
arrive with Moxie bond in the home you
have it all we do we have maximum for
Marcus not Ben we have everything you
need and it was really quick so let's go
home and do some more working out
instead of spending yeah really do see
how good sounds good actually let's try
the spin us wall okay ah you got to go
way quicker the other way you're gonna I
don't know we'll see I think you did I
love the spin the spins just cool yeah
um we are off to the Maldives on a surf
trip the surf trip we announced so we
have nine of you viewers who are gonna
come with me and Marcus and just go
shred the Maldives Wow but we just had
two cancellations that there's still two
open bookings for we are gonna fly out
of Europe on the 8th land in the
melodies on the 9th so if there's still
people that want to go check out the
link in the description and yeah maybe
you will join us we're gonna fly drones
and surf and just have an awesome time
well I join um I don't know are you
gonna join it depends if two more people
booked I will go with you
okay that's a good one so booked Siana
can come with us yeah perfect and then
we have the big final announcement
because together with Leo Vegas we were
trying to figure out like what kind of
really crazy cool contest could we do on
the vlog I mean you can do small
giveaways like the phone card holders we
gave away and they're like no let's go
big let's do something really cool so we
are going to give away is it itching on
your feet yeah oh all right so all right
for the shake I'm almost done so focus
up real quick yeah um so we are gonna
give away 10,000 euros yeah you can
either put on red or black in the
roulette but let's not stop there you're
also gonna get picked up by me in the
Lambo at nice Airport and be driven to
the Italian Alps in the Lambo that's
pretty good competition yeah I mean I've
heard of some good competitions but
first of all getting 10,000 euros is
really cool second having I mean when I
would place 10,000 euros
red or black that wood I'm going to be
there watching that someone had replied
justice nervous and then of course I
mean who doesn't like a Lambo Lambo
whites we are about finished with it so
expect not a stall clamp of course that
would be boring um so yeah if you want
to enter that contest check out the
details in the description and we will
see who's going to have an awesome time
and see if they have the balls to put it
all on back
well you don't have a choice you have to
you have to go all right or black so
with that said I think that it's time to
end today's vlog I'm gonna go downstairs
and start editing because Marcus flight
is gonna be delayed he gets in at 2:00
a.m. so I'm gonna start editing so that
he can just sleep in the morning and you
know be a nice friend yesterday my day
ended up being in control yeah first
time in a long time
it's my bail life you know I know okay
so cool when it's not yes we will see
you guys later
oh yeah boy that's not chessick I almost
forgot ciao
