good morning
well good morning I guess it isn't
really morning anymore because we are I
ran a little late with everything last
night filming until midnight and then I
forgot what time we're flying so we were
a bit late to the airport be honest like
what are you doing and I'm like what do
you mean like we're plenty of time like
no we're flying in two hours so my date
it's chaos but natural no but now we're
here at our London so now every life is
Gucci named us rhythm us and we have
Yana or favorite driver Yana helped us
turn Gumbel to exit the city in the
quickest possible way so we're in good
hands hey super a million thanks Yosh
not you're it tuck in they go on all
right should we go fly yes I told you we
would be on time yeah everything is
always okay do you think we're gonna be
successful with all our luggage oh we
have a lot you feel good about last
night bill excited yeah you're so happy
yesterday it was nice to see you Horace
I like a happy girl nah my hungry are
hangry getting angry then we go II ready
to pack typically good to you
dokkan him again yes Saxony like
they all good nice he likes us yeah
really like this a fast track for a fast
lady hmm
when I told you guys did I like to
analyze things and I gotta say that the
lights on the new Volvo's are not bad
I think that Audi's still the best when
it comes to lights but then I think
Volvo is doing a terrific job actually
and I I know I've told you guys that I
analyzed a lot of things and car lights
is one of those and it's cool to see
that Volvo has really stepped up with a
new cars it's good to see Sweden out
there representing oh there we go
finally a moment to sit down and relax I
think you guys have probably noticed
that I've had a pretty hectic few days
here in Stockholm because I sort of
planned for this visit just like I
always planned for the visits but then I
kind of forgot that I have a YouTube
channel now and I gotta edit videos so
it's been tough trying to find the time
to edit them but I've tried my best to
sort of take time away from sleeping and
edit instead Oh goofy muffin thank you
honey
um but it's been super fun editing I
just wish there was more hours in a day
like this morning I got up at 4:00
because I knew I had a lot of stuff to
edit but then it was still wasn't enough
time because I thought the flight left
the three but it left before and I had a
couple meetings so that's why
yesterday's vlog was late so I'm real
sorry but I didn't get up at 4:00 and
yeah and I went to bed at 12:30 and / I
fell asleep at 2:30 because I couldn't
sleep so I slept two hour they have
roughly two hours to really try to get
this video online for you guys so full
dedication even though I've failed but
now we're going to jump on a flight
behind us here to my leg up and go down
and celebrate your dad I think it might
have
in to be in there it's gonna burn sure
um yeah we're gonna celebrate Yanni's
dad Richard who is turning 50 35 I would
say so we're gonna do that so we will
jump on this flight and I'm really
looking forward to a few days in khao
sok mo and not have 9,000 meetings so
then i can film and have the time to
edit because I love editing I just need
a bit more time like 48 hours in a day
would be great
oh we made it tomorrow yeah yes where's
our bags 41 that was quick
I had a good nap I can hear you store
really that's a good sign it happened
again I keep on sucking and sucking and
sucking that is the Find My iPhone app
because I walked out of the plane
realized I forgot the iPhone in the seat
park talking in front of me so I asked
these third ground staff they walked on
board and say there is no iPhone there
and of course there's not because they
stole it so my fault in the beginning
but she did the air people working in
airports that are that is honest Yanni's
dad did the same thing with this ipad
called up like you know six minutes
after you leave the plane oh no sorry
sir fourteen F there's no iPhone iPhone
or iPad or anything so I just get tired
of myself for sucking this bad and I get
sad with people that are dishonest and
steal things cuz we left it for five
minutes in a seat pocket apparently
there's nothing left there all right
well that's realized the loss move on
with her life and not let material
things destroy our life I still going to
the boys
all right well Dodd is such as life it's
not the first thing I forget but it's I
know I've been talking to you guys about
forgetting things and I hate forgetting
things how are you how are you this is
not ideal here for my editing station
trying to get things online losing
phones is time-consuming
member
thank you thank you hey Bonjour hello
made it to Marbella finally and the
famous Ricardo famous yes you're famous
everyone was missing you in the vlogs
Thanks
and maxy maxy born hey you don't wanna
hang with us
hey you it all come give me attention
i'm philip how are you Oh max you're
you're growing so I think that we've had
a date that was long enough we lost the
UM telephone and Yanni was really angry
I see that I'm gonna go back there
tomorrow n-no it's all my fault I am
clumsy and I forget even though they're
not about to see us
true but such is life and when life goes
against you you work with it and go
positive karma is a bitch true that but
with that said I say we end it from here
and come back tomorrow with full
strength and I said that if I'm late
tomorrow at the upload I would do the
next vlog naked so uh so let's hope I'm
not late turn off the internet all right
good luck
no wait how do you say good night in
Spanish where I got you buenas noches
