good morning guys today I'm starting the
day off for right it's now 8 to 39 and I
have edited a full vlog I have set
emails I've had breakfast with Yanni
and we've had a nice lovely morning I
mean it's been a long morning for me but
today I have one goal and that goal is
to have my day under control and
schedule it with some sort of realistic
plan so I'm going to start my day with
session with your nuts and I'm going to
show you guys how extremely manly my
exercises are and leave Johnny here at
the hotel room good morning good morning
how are you I'm great how are you I'm
good I just explained to everyone that
you're gonna show me some really manly
cool exercises yeah there we go that's
much much better light I've realized
that in different countries different
life so you have these flickering from
the lights you have a different shutter
speed in say the USS Sweden which makes
it real tricky when you don't have
Marcus knows these things learn everyday
but yeah I'm ready to show you guys what
I got if you take your shirt off it's
easier to see what your spine is doing
so hope that's okay
also using these tassels
you
all right add this it looks like you're
just doing nothing but it's muscles that
are so tiny and then you never use yeah
like even if I majored now I would still
recommend everyone to try this because
it's such a good thing to learn how to
control your spine because it doesn't
matter if you can do it 200 kilo
deadlift
if you can't like tilt your spinal
control it sucks in the beginning
because you do you feel like you saw but
then you have your nuts who knows who
helps me because I have a goal I want to
drop a hundred foot cliffs that's funny
I got a jerk jumping cliffs and now I
mean I want to jump more then I gotta
get stronger
so another session and I am feeling
better and I think I hope you guys like
this little bit educational training
because I think a lot of people they go
to the gym they lift heavy and they're
not really training their body to do
things do you guys wanna we're gonna
sort of ideas and what we're working on
is coming from you can check out IDO
portal that's the right pronunciation
yeah this manager yeah so if you check
out this video up here you can kind of
see that if that is a teacher then it's
it's crazy what you can do so we all
like to learn how to work with our body
in functional ways rather than just
building the beach muscles moving better
exactly so with that said I'm going to
move on and see what Yanni is doing and
continue my date that's actually under
control today feeling good good so yeah
thank you thank you we'll see you soon
again and on my tree aspyn yeah I'm
gonna keep working on this and see if I
get better my cool
yo oh gods I'm now see Bonjour us
like that Bonjour for sure
well go with God sella bien huh nice
nice oui but I like being in soccer man
haven't seen Oscar forever
Oscar used to travel with me when I did
blogs and shoot all the photos and he's
like the best photographer ever so so I
was kind of like Marcus but not Marcus
photo mark three years ago we have photo
Marcus three years ago yeah fish faster
let me try it I mean I have the know
it's fast I mean I have the kicks work
try this
hold on let me shift focus there
so manual focus lens and manual
skateboard I used to be pretty good at
skateboarding back in the day I used to
do like Harrison Bertram's so I used to
be good but then I ran out of time Oh
fun to get on a board for a little your
first are you freak with this just put
your foot down Oh have you done this
before
ah skate party but not much
not many longboarding I've never tried
that but I like the portability airports
and Monaco I should get a skateboard you
should but the promise if you get an
electric skateboard
you're a KC copycat but it's like such a
good thing so comment below is it okay
for me to get on the like your
skateboard because I want one what's the
problem with the old-school way I like
speed and electricity but I say we go I
have a meeting and crush some things
just that I instead of me crushing
myself on this that's good I'm ready no
no no Bobby's like you hold the can
the camera to go in so be a cool shot
okay so you hold that exactly
okay boy I hit the wall or not open Oh
such a terrible idea
oh it was a good idea but very badly
remember to change the focus Oscar cute
King guy yeah I guess your auto focus
guy let's see if we find a place to sit
we've been shut down I'll get so much
hate in the comments from the focus I
don't no idea what I'm doing well just
shows how skillful Diane with the manual
focus oh yeah we we fantastic um so with
us finding a table we are gonna take a
break from logging and focus on what we
should focus on and we are done with
while actually we're done with the first
part of the meeting and we have to
discuss some problems we have with
douchebag as a company because we are
selling out way quicker than we could
ever expect so thanks to her yeah yes ha
killing it so I guess it's a good team
so I guess it's a good problem to have
to sell out way quicker than you expect
I think so now we're gonna go find Yanni
and say hi and then we're gonna go to a
meeting and then continue our meeting
because we need to figure out how to
make more products so we can not sell
out in two seconds we're not having much
success with seeing Yanni because we
can't get in through this gate so we
can't get to her and she's having a
photo shoot so she's not answering
shall I say we skip Yanni and go
straight to our next meeting you want to
try this you want to try this pin Oscar
it's been it's bad the new thing
now we're back at the hotel finally I
love you guys we almost made it all we
are having brunch here at the Miss Clara
hotel they said that it's only
Saturday's right yeah no yeah
only Saturday and they have the best
brunch in Stockholm Korean barbeque
chicken wings if you're ever in
Stockholm on a Saturday go to mascara
have the Korean barbeque chicken wings
they are one of the best and sweet
potato fries with truffle mayonnaise
we have it all me and Oscar actually
took a bike back one of those rental
bikes that you rent and I was scared to
death riding a bike in a city because I
wouldn't ridden a bike in like forever
it's so sad we didn't get any proper
shots of it I get one Instagram story
yeah you know I thought about filming it
but then I thought about riding a bike
with a camera in my hand and that just
seemed like a bad plan we're gonna eat
these chicken wings now and then as soon
as we eaten we'll be right back because
I got to focus on one thing at a time
so I just realized I kind of have a
problem alright don't know I might have
a problem we're going to this social
media awards gala tonight and I'm
supposed to wear my suit the problem is
my students traveled around the world in
this bag and I just realized that I
should probably have gotten it anti
wrinkled like yesterday you think I'm
fine
no I think I think I have a problem I
was thinking about fixing this yesterday
and then I realized well then I don't
know how far is the gallows like an hour
no no no it's like two hours Oh perfect
then you're good
alright so I need to find a solution for
this what do you think I think you're
gonna be great do you think so yeah can
you help me I think you can do this by
yourself well it's the only solution I
have because I was stupid enough not to
do it yesterday
hmm I was kind of hoping for a magical
solution to come out of thin air are you
Tom to fill it with water or yeah yeah
okay yes but I am a little what are
these - that's like Steam right and
that's water
probably as little temperature as
possible right I think so the wise man
once said that every day that you learn
something is a good day
wow you replace the camera here we can
maybe check back in a little I think you
might have to stand there for a long
time
see you sit there we go there we go
done uh beautiful how bad huh really
we've been hiring it out on the board
and like killing it so now we are ready
to go to a gala and I have a suit that's
not wrinkly anymore so a little bit of
handyman skills you can and a
girlfriend's head yeah a little help but
that was like it was so like it was a
little wobbly whoo huh see that's what
made it hard but we're gonna go so we'll
go check out this social media gala I
don't know if we're a little overdressed
or if we're just normal I think we're we
dress or whatever we live in Monaco this
is Howie
Oh Ascot you're looking fantastic as
well thanks I realized the vlogging at
night is pretty hard with the light
never now I got a failure anonymous oh
yeah anybody follows oh boy
filming that's it
I want to be a filmer today really yeah
you want us to film you know
you gotta put your past behind you look
at bad things happen and you can't do
anything about rights don't when the
world turns it back on you
what a lady
okay back up my winning girl winning
blogger of the Earth's rhythm does
amazing
thanks everyone opponent so if you
haven't checked everyone check out the
link in description blog blog name them
too tired and see all those things link
in the description for like a million
great pictures every single day but now
I gotta go I gotta edit in four hours so
I gotta go get some sleep I'm so proud
of my
my lady so with that said we'll say good
night from Hayden I almost forgot we got
his sake good enough
touch your mind we'll get up this eonni
