good morning today we're going to start
the day with a photo shoot and I have
exactly 49 minutes before I have to be
on a Red Bull meeting so I'm trying to
find the place that I'm going to but I'm
not having much success so far and it's
kind of typical Stockholm for me that
I'm trying to find things and constantly
late but I'm doing everything I can to
not be late and I guess as long as
you're trying your best right then you
can't do anything more you know there we
go Bonjour photo studio I should
probably get to makeup since I have
about 46 minutes
all right so I think we are about ready
to start shooting so I'm going to put
this camera away and we're gonna get
good looking
my
oh so done with the first thing for
today so now it's time to get a cab move
on and go to a red mole meeting so full
speed ahead but I know Red Bull has lots
of Red Bull so I think we should be all
good and meeting number two for the day
at Red Bull
okay yeah maybe help me Oh that'd be a
vivid of Red Bull
so keep it secure breakfast and team
meeting we're gonna do a lot of killing
ideas today but first I charge the
battery on the camera boo just finished
up a great two-hour meeting here with
Red Bull and I was going to film but
then I was charging my camera and we got
so involved in all discussions and so
many ideas that we were not filming
which I guess is good because lots of
secrets so I'm gonna go ahead and jump
on or the next meeting and I feel like I
should be in stock kanpai a little more
so I have a little more time in between
everything oh I think it's safe to say
that today did not work out kind of like
expect in today's vlog to work out I had
a lot of plans and ideas and then I kind
of just ran out of time and nothing
worked out so I thought I would take
this opportunity to talk about something
that I've been thinking about talking
about for a while but sort of haven't
really gotten to it um but I figured
that today's a good day for it so I want
to talk about the fact that I about half
a year ago did a ADHD investigation and
apparently I was a highly ADHD qualified
person so I thought it'd be a good thing
to talk about it and sort of say what I
think about the whole thing how I look
at it the good things that can come out
of it and the bad things and sort of
just share my thoughts on how it is to
live with ADHD I'm sure a lot of you
have already guessed
that that could be the case previously
so I think that we'll take the time to
talk a bit and I figured we can start
with the bad things with ADHD
I haven't felt a whole lot of negative
things but the one thing that made me
look into getting an investigation in
regards to this was because I had a
really hard time sleeping like and go to
bed and my head just like kept spinning
and it wouldn't shut up and I couldn't
sleep
basically so then I was talking a friend
of mine whose son had just gotten
diagnosed with ADHD and he's like you
know what I know you pretty well and I'm
pretty sure that you have ADHD and I
know I've seen comments on the vlog that
you must have ADHD so I guess this is
not a huge surprise to anyone but I
thought it'd be good to just talked
about the things that I see that are
positive and negative because I know
that there's a lot of people that are I
guess ashamed in a way to talk about it
where I don't really care whatsoever I
think it's fun to share my thoughts and
ideas but yeah sleeping was number one
because I think that I have this
hyperspeed working mode I can start at
5:00 a.m. and work like a crazy person
until lunch and then after lunch I just
want to go to sleep I just want to go
and do nothing just mine it's like I I
take all the energy that you're supposed
to spread over a day and do it 110
percent until lunch so then your your
brain and body is just dead after lunch
and I I kind of hated the fact that I
didn't want to go out and do things in
the afternoon and I think when I was
younger and I was just skiing the whole
day I was so excited about skiing that I
didn't really think about the fact that
I had this problem then when I got older
there was more work stuff more normal
living and then it became more apparent
to me that you shouldn't have to be this
tired in the afternoon so you have sleep
and energy and in the afternoon or this
sort of two main things a third thing
that I would say is a bit of an issue is
sort of social life like if I when I was
younger all I wanted to do was talk
about myself because I had all these
ideas in my head I wanted to talk about
what I had done like and I was really
bad at sort of listening
asking other people how they were how
they felt what they were doing and I
think when I was younger I I wasn't good
at interacting in a way where you're
liked because I think in order to be a
well-liked person you gotta be a good
friend and listen as much as you talk so
over the years I've sort of learned to
to say stop to myself in about seven if
I'm having dinner I'm saying no to
myself in about 70 to 80% of the things
I'm thinking about that I want to say
and then instead I'm telling myself like
you you don't need to say that you
should be a better person and ask what
the other people are on the table are
doing how their life is working and
everything so socially it's it's
something I've learned to sort of live
with I've learnt that it's it's better
to be a good friend and talk to everyone
else and not just talk about yourself
um and then I guess sort of I don't know
if that goes on the positive or negative
side but whenever I do things I get
obsessed with it it's like whatever I'm
doing at that specific moment that is
all that matters some good examples that
I started bowling and a couple days
after I started I found myself spending
eight hours a day in the bowling alley
alone and travelling with two bowling
balls bowling shoes when I went on ski
trips so I get I get hyper obsessed with
things like when I wanted to get a red
camera I would spend hours and hours and
hours and hours reading everything there
was to read about it and I guess for the
people around you that can get a bit
exhausting at times when you're just
that obsessed with things so I'm trying
to that is something that I haven't
really learned how to master yet because
it's just when I get into something it's
all the way and I can't do it halfway so
I would say those are sort of the sides
that I feel that are negative but I
think there's a lot more positive
science that I'd much rather talk about
so I'd say we switch to the positive
since then so the positives the reason
that I sort of got the idea to talk
about this today is that I went and saw
my doctor today
about everything how thanks for feeling
and everything and he was we were
talking about the fact that a lot of
young kids sort of have this issue but a
lot of them they don't want to go and
sort of get it you know examined or
checked out because they feel like it's
an embarrassing thing so I wanted to
sort of make this video and talk about
the fact that sure there are negative
things that comes along with it but I
would say for me it has brought me a lot
more good things than bad things so I
wanted to encourage young people to you
know like look at me like I don't care
I'm talking in a camera on YouTube and I
am sort of proud to say that I have ADHD
because thanks to ADHD I have problem I
would say that because they have ADHD I
have had six or seven Lambos because
whenever I did things I did him a
hundred and ten percent
and I did him as well as I could and it
worked really hard and that generated
success on a lot of different fields and
that enabled me to live the life I do
now and do things I only dreamed about
when I was a kid so as much as sort of
it can be a negative thing to be
obsessed with things that is probably
what has gotten me to where I am today
that everything I've done in life I've
become obsessed with and I have if I
want to if I wanted to ski I need to
learn everything there was to know about
skiing I needed to know everything about
how to build the best jump in the world
how snow worked how to drive a snowcat
and I wanted to know everything so if
you turn it around and use these sort of
unique things about a person that has
ADHD you can really do good things for
that I mean I know that there's a
million different versions of ADHD and
not everyone is alike but for me it has
it has worked to my advantage they say
that people with ADHD are very impulsive
but if you're impulsive it also means
that you're creative and I think for me
sure maybe I was a bit impulsive when I
was skiing I'd look at a jump and be
like I got hit that I got into the
biggest trick I possibly can but I
managed to sort of
that under control and still sort of
find a judgment of danger in combination
with being impulsive so then I was able
to do a lot of crazy things but still
staying without injuries but on the
creative side of things as soon as
someone mentions an idea of some sort my
head just goes in it's like a turbo
kicks in and it's just it starts
spinning and I think about all these
ideas that I have on how to tweak ideas
how to work with a company how to do
marketing how to rebuild a car whatever
it is I love analyzing and thinking and
being creative with that so that is one
thing that I sort yeah I learned I mean
I'm still learning a lot about it
because I didn't sort of find out that I
had ADHD I I guess I kind of joked about
it for a long time that I probably have
every letter combination there is
because I'm not really like most people
so in in general I just feel like if you
have ADHD you got to kind of try to
learn to live with it and take the
things that might be bad for you and
figure out how to sort of take those
sides away and keep the positives I mean
I don't want to be come less obsessed
with how to make a great vlog how to
create a great company how to you know
do the perfect film the perfect editing
and all these things I love that but on
the other hand I want to make sure that
I'm a good friend and that I listen when
people talk so I'm sort of I'm
suppressing some parts of it and letting
other parts just go nuts of course
Jonnie might not appreciate all the red
talk and I know you guys are like can
you please stop talking about all these
things so hopefully this can get a
little bit of an explanation to why I
have a hard time like keeping things
away from you guys because I am so
obsessed with everything I do that I
want to talk about it 24/7 and I can't
stop so I've been if it was up to me I
would have talked about red cameras 90%
of the time in the vlog because that is
sort of my latest obsession or like a
lenses I could go on and on and on about
it
but I'm trying to
come a little more normal in that sense
I can think about it they maybe not talk
about all it talk about it all the time
and I guess one thing I forgot to
mention on the super negative side is
that I think you guys have seen that I
have forgotten pretty much everything
you can forget in the last two weeks I
forgot my passport on the fly my credit
cards and the taxi my telephone on the
flight and I've been kind of a huge mess
because since I realized that I had ADHD
I asked the doctor I'm like so what do I
do with this I know that I have it so
what and he said well I mean you can
sort of know it and you can work on it
you can also try there's different
medications so for me the most important
thing was to figure out how to sleep
better so I said well if there's
admitted medicine that will help me sort
of get through the day in a better way
so that I can sleep better I would love
to try it
so for lust six months I have had
medicine which just for me worked great
that had more energy in the afternoon
which has made vlogging way easier I
don't think I could have done a vlog
without the medicine because it's given
me energy throughout the day it's helped
me to not like misplace things and sort
of keep things more under control and
and be more relaxed and more calm I
guess I'm coming up with different
things all the time now but another
negative thing is that I sometimes have
such a hard time to focus on something
if there's a lot of things going on like
on restaurants the same thing goes with
if I have so many emails I don't even
know where to start so I think work wise
it can be really negative that if I get
behind it's almost like you're paralyzed
you don't know where to start so having
had this medicine it's really helped me
to sort of look in my inbox and say
alright I have a lot of me emails I
start with the first one and then work
my way through worse before I was like
oh my god and I would sort of panic and
freak out so that I think has really
helped me and also the medicine health
has helped me not be tired in the
afternoon which means that I will stay
more active throughout the whole day
which makes me sleep better once I go to
bed so
generally I would say that the medicine
has helped me a lot and it's been
interesting to sort of try both first I
have medicine for six months and then I
ran out when I was in the states so it
was interesting to sort of feel the
difference and the fact that I instantly
got more tired in the afternoon and
started losing things sort of showed me
that all right so for me medicine works
pretty well I know I for a fact that
medicine doesn't work for everyone so
then you got to kind of work on the
aspects that you can't change without
the medicine instead of doing what I do
so it's the solution is different for
everyone but I wanted to sort of share
my experience with with living like this
and I hope you guys don't mind a vlog
about a full vlog of me just talking the
whole time but I thought it was a good
thing to bring up as I think it can
inspire a lot of young people to not be
ashamed of it and also maybe try to yeah
understand what's going on and how you
can actually change things and use it to
your advantage so with that said I think
it's time to call it a night because as
I said I haven't had medicine which I'm
getting tomorrow so I'm looking forward
to having a bit more energy in the
afternoons so I'm going to call this a
day and I hope you guys enjoyed some
sincere thoughts here from Stockholm in
Sweden so we'll end it in Swedish as
usual since we're in Sweden so the
hormone they helped us nior oops kappa
Mattila deep talker so harshly more Neil
thank you talk got to get the Cure
brothers at the posh mum Hey
