so there we go finally a morning that I
feel that life is under control my
camera's charged everything's 100% under
control I have no secrets no
presentations to be nervous for just the
day in Stockholm that I have to wait for
Jana to get here in the afternoon so
while I'm waiting I decided that I was
going to do something that I've been
sort of thinking about for a while
because there are a couple things in
life that I hate more than anything the
one thing I hate the most is standing in
line number two is shaving I hate
shaving so the first thing I'm going to
do today is to go and try a laser hair
removal on my face I know it sounds
pretty drastic but I know that yani will
not kiss me if I'm not cleanly shaved
and I hate to shave so I figured why not
I like to try new things so that is what
we're gonna go and try now and see how
much paint I can resist because I know
that stuff's pretty painful
oh no that was some seriously crappy
weather and of course I'm walking around
with a camera and I don't have a jacket
now we're up here and I am trying to
figure out where to go well let's try
the stairs kind of nervous I heard this
supposed to be pretty painful I just
like trying new things that no one else
seems to do found it not sure how much
we're gonna film in here but we'll see
that's good if I'm holding this I got to
focus on this instead of seeing if it's
painful
oh yeah that I can kill that it's not
too bad actually
mMmmm happy thoughts
hmm it's like totally fine most of the
time and then you have that little
pinching I'm sure that if you were here
Marcus you'd be laughing your ass off
when that hurts you okay yep
I'm actually not in too bad oh okay
we're done
yeah yes that wasn't so bad
actually it wasn't bad at all I expected
it to be a lot more painful than that
let's see what I do for you Yanni doing
everything actually is probably just as
much for me because I think new things
are fun and I just wanted to try and I
hate shaving so it's probably not the
best area that it works the best up but
I'm gonna try it see what happens so I'm
gonna get the cream off my face and
we'll see you guys out there thank you
bye bye
whoo I kind of expected that to be a lot
more painful but that was actually
totally fine now it'll be interesting to
see if that makes me shave less because
that would make me very happy
shaving just sucks now I just got to
figure out a way how to not have to
stand in line which i think is more
difficult unless you win a billion
dollars and you get a private jet hmm
looks like it's raining real bad so I'm
going to just spin home and we'll see if
they'll tell and we're back at the hotel
I thought I'd just lay down and chill
watch a movie but I gots like an ax
phone meeting and now I'm late for
another meeting because I'm going to go
meet up with Johnny's agent to look
through a couple IDs that we have some
just trying to figure out if my uber is
here and if it is I should probably head
down so let's go check out who Yanni's
manager is
don't fun back to make an action no
black duck yay
so this right here is my new look this
how I walk around 24/7 with a computer
because I'm always uploading and yeah I
found the right address tricky thing
with this is you gotta go-what
comma you have to be like a circus art
is in order to make this work
oh wait a handful of alan sure
hey bro 15 hey hey oh there we go
hi everybody meet Yanni's manager hello
everybody
with cube agency hold on let me put the
computer way it's so hard to film and do
everything at the same time I got
already got sponsors you know I love it
now there's empty and it's time for me
to go and get my back checked no see you
doing it great demands ahead as always
yes yes yes all right
see you tomorrow so full chaos says you
sure I just there's just not enough time
in the day there's so many things you
want to do and not enough time so now
I'm going to jump in a new burr go see
yonas who's great with back so I'm gonna
go and see how I can get better it's
going slow still but we all agreed that
we're not going to talk about backs
anymore so but it's okay to go see him
for a second
okay hello-o make making YouTube videos
making YouTube videos okay every day
just have fun fun to film alright thank
you thank you boy look what happens
thank you alright giving up report long
slog it and yone us a little shout out
here because they're the best in
stockholm how are ya great how are you
so you own us is my main man here in
stockholm to fix my back and i'm curious
to see what you have to say yeah let's a
look at it
and we are outside then as usual
yonas is the master of finding out
what's wrong with me so now we have a
game plan instead of sort of just
waiting for things to get good yeah so
we we have two more sessions booked
tomorrow on the next day to try to get
some movement in my spine because I have
a surf trip in 10 days so yeah we're
going Maldives
yeah so we are going to the Maldives so
I need to be good
yeah so if I can't go it's all on him ya
know but it's gonna be great so I'm
gonna grab another river and go see
Yanni for the first time in two weeks
but feeling good always feeling good
when I leave you cool
yeah we'll spin back to Yanni huh I'm
back mmm-hmm-hmm I missed this one so
much me too
more than like ever no but now we're
back and as usual um I come in she's
working on the computer I have to edit
now we're going to dinner and we're late
to see your show yeah we have to go yeah
we gotta go we're gonna go have dinner
they can join us right yeah yeah you can
join us for a quickie I mean not that
quickie but like you know quick oh oh
I have the best friends or what yes
hello Meera hi chef look at this oh my
god there you go now that looks 1,000%
on qui habla welcome to Sweden yeah this
is this is a great day you're coming
home we're getting great food we're
gonna eat for a bit so we'll check back
in a little I just had to bring out the
cam
to look at this delicious seafood blades
and we're we're having bubbly for the
first time since I stopped drinking a
year and half ago I'm having alcohol
free champagne it's actually really good
and fantastic seafood and ladies
Cheers now we're gonna put the camera
down but look at that okay so we are
about to end today's vlog but before we
do I just saw a post on Casey nice
that's YouTube channel just came up the
reason you can shoot 4k is because red
has a special file that makes it just as
easy to edit that's anything else so
it's not about 4k or 4k it's about red
making the best 4k file so you can but
we're not doing it yet we will and it's
coming slightly more expensive camera
and more to carry around but with that
said I'm gonna sleep on this because I
was in case you guys that's vlog is real
happy so I'm gonna end today with a bit
of a non-alcoholic champagne oh my gosh
this restaurant we're celebrating my
first pair of the case a nice s log whoo
yeah and also we're back together again
yeah my gallery I guess that's something
to celebrate but since we're Sweden so
comfy also therapist France Casa del
possible ticked on the audience blog oh
yeah this is simonia thinking school
school is really crushing on here ah I
don't wanna
