are we last are we laughs as usual gonna
be what you are
okay why are we last in me why to
go to fit you cuz I only have one hand I
just came good morning or good night or
what should I say yeah yeah well I guess
hello good new day yes so yeah we're
gonna just as we finish the vlog a
second ago so we can edit and upload
yesterday's vlog we're starting today's
today yeah now before we got this week
yeah we should price leap considering I
make no sense whatsoever when I'm
talking yeah it's too confusing with the
whole like they change vlogging travel
time zone thing yeah and we're not
sitting together as well no I don't
think we are let's maybe we can I don't
think it matters because I think both of
us are gonna sleep pretty well yeah can
you see how tired I am you're probably
gonna have a quick trip in the vlog to
year oh yeah we're gonna have like a
hello and goodbye and goodbye and hello
yeah
I'm Cory yep for you
all right we're just gonna see you guys
tomorrow they're gonna sleep down ladies
and gentlemen welcome to our garden boil
a pot for the local time is time to mate
day remain seated
keep your seatbelt fastened please
remember all your math books personal
belongings we need to find a way Jenny I
look forward to seeing you soon on board
again and good morning again from Europe
I'm tired
me too you sleep well I did sleep really
well actually not scared I love this any
tip if your farm from Scandinavia to the
US Norwegian premium economy these seats
were 500 euros across the Atlantic which
is the best deal you can have yeah and
that helps not sponsors that's of course
not but every sponsored that's the
sponsors you can yeah no that's just
pure information because it is fantastic
yeah just one last time I was booked
underneath the seat level see every
I have my phone I have my passport I'm
like driving crawled on the floor to
make sure I have everything okay perfect
okay if we have everything yeah every
we're good yeah
we even have this just stolen room
I stole a drone a video fly maverick
thank you should you get your guitar you
know that's a big thing to forget my
last one excuse me excuse me can you see
me through this line you okay Oh a lot
of times I don't understand the lines
with everything you gotta understand it
in like a minute we got a breakdown in
my escalator and that is the lie the
people is like whoa what are you doing
in this it doesn't move you walk me
Marcus always discuss airports and how
much more they can be optimized by
efficiency efficiency whoever designs
most airports we're not thinking about
making things smart and transfer
international it should be me see you in
that yeah let me get that camera are you
sure you're coming in this way I'm gonna
pick up my luggage of that since I see
you sir
we have an announcement for all
passengers please do not leave any
luggage unattended
so we ended up having a bit of a
technical difficulty because Marcus was
just going to go out and get his bags
then it turns out he was flying from a
different terminal so I ended up having
to finish well yesterday's vlog and
didn't really make it on time so I'm
about to jump on a flight here to
Stockholm and as usual I'm late my hate
being late with stuff but I'm going to
get that vlog on line vlog on line as
soon as I land but yeah mark is going to
go to Bergen for 3 days have a little
vacation I'm going to go to Stockholm
and then we are going to meet up in
Marbella so yeah a little chaotic here I
would say I've been trying to edit it
the whole video trying to get on this
flight and then I ran out of battery and
you know the typical sort of travel
vlogging life but now it's me and my
camera and me editing so I'm pretty
excited I'm looking forward to seeing
how my editing skills have developed
checking out what Marcus does I'm going
to jump on this plane and I will see you
guys in Stockholm and hopefully video
will be online and life will be good and
I'll be on time and not behind like I
always have
just landed in Stockholm and as usual we
are killing it when it comes to having a
great workstation I'm going to show you
what my current workstation at Arlanda
Airport looks like at the moment right
here we see my computer getting some
power so we can export we have the
luggage belt right here the only problem
I have right now is that I really need
to go to the bathroom but it still has
30 minutes of export and I don't think I
should leave the computer there so I
guess I'll just have to hold out but I'm
excited to start filming and doing vlogs
for the next few days by myself because
I really enjoy it but I think it was
kind of a bad plan to start on a day
like today when everything is chaos and
nothing has batteries but what is life
without a few challenges
we'll talk then talk so slight change of
plans
internet speed at Arlanda was too slow
so I jumped in a cab and managed to get
the video online in the cab before the
battery died so now I'm going to try to
get my bags out of the street trying to
handle two bags and a camera and check
into my hotel
so finally video online and I can
actually rest for three minutes
dear seminar yes the raw state no matter
what Austin so calm tell em the lesson
there is an have an own thing
yanira home about me at like a choke a
famine or Berbick affair during living
here beneath the school
oh yes Rob hearthrob sofa he certain
tyke
Oh sex that's me now this is what I call
a nice hotel room better than our
last-minute bookings in New York
everything's in I hope you guys won't
forgive today's volume being a bit off
jet-lagged
without Marcus Marcus going to a
terminal we didn't think he was going to
me run around with cameras battery on
the computer dying and then camera dying
and internet working but now I am here
and I finally get to lay down on a bed
and rest which is going to be awesome so
we're in Stockholm and I'm looking for
the Yanni arriving tomorrow but now I'm
going to actually take a shower because
I haven't had one and wait you are and I
am Alive again sorry I was planning on
sort of finishing the ball yesterday and
then I realized that I fell asleep at
7:00 woke up at 10:00 p.m.
one factor bad and then woke up at 5:00
so now I edited today's vlog and I just
needed a minute one final shot of saying
good ball I guess good morning
I like motrin since we're in Sweden so
I'm going to start today's vlog after I
shoot this but before we quit I got to
show you this
I developed the ultimate selfie camera
look at that I added an additional
screen to my like meaning I can see
myself so that on Markus is gone it's
easier for me to see what I'm shooting
and see myself on the camera so it's
pretty perfect and then I can switch
this around still haven't quite figured
out how to really kill this but so now I
have this huge screen since I'm half
whine I can just look at that and make
sure that I get whatever I need in focus
so with that said we are gonna see you
guys tomorrow well today soon so
tomorrow so soon so make the talk
