good morning good morning Marcus how are
you I'm good it's go time I feel ready
little nervous
it was pretty complex whole thing I was
supposed to do so my brains been
mentally preparing yeah I love the
challenge of learning anything for me
being on stage doing a full presentation
I remembering what to say
one order what to bring up everything
it's something I don't know how to do
and I love a new challenge yes so I'm
excited like I'm pumped now we got to
focus up get a cap go over there it's
7:30 in the morning and we are ready
thank you
you should have seen me like seven eight
years ago before presentations I
couldn't eat I was so nervous I wanted
to throw up Here I am just excited nice
see that work that's what practice and
overcoming fear does mojo uh welcome are
you see again
exactly yeah man Titan yeah now you know
what's planning a wearing a suit because
they say you look successful with the
suit and my girlfriend likes me in a
suit so like this is the big gauge video
and you we have two different file
formats here
John's video awesome too small
I got Marcus the biggest one that was
thank you personally I prefer the small
ones Cheers
Jerris and now it's it's a waiting game
I mean nice I don't even know when we're
supposed to be on like three hours but
we're here we're ready yes but it's cool
like I mean I've organized the events in
Sweden before so I've been the organizer
of not quite as big as this but almost
so now being here is just sort of the
guest speaker feels real mellow I'm not
responsible for all these guys no it's
not my head on the line nope and I know
I'm gonna kill it so we're all good
birthday now we do a little bit of
rehearsals and then it's game on game on
you can just hover the controller and
make that thing just do these crazy
circles getting those really
professional
so do you feel ready I feel great
actually I'm like real pumped I'm
nervous
but I feel super confident and I'm
excited I feel like I've grown as a
person actually in the last two days
because it's such a challenge with all
the things have to remember and I think
thanks to the video blog and me talking
to the camera every single day I'm
getting better at presentations but for
me if it's a big thing it's really cool
if you can be on stage be confident and
talk to a lot of people it's cool like
driving a racecar is cool but this is
almost gives me a bigger Russian
adrenaline kick so that's it I feel good
that you're ready yeah and me and Max
are gonna be front row every cheering my
failure is generating ass yeah people
are starting to come in
yep and I have four red balls so Mike
let's do it how do you think Yoon is
gonna perform today I mean absolutely
now there is gonna kill us
he he nailed in rehearsals and even if
there are people if he hasn't done watch
on stage before he loads the product so
much how can you not but he loves us so
much that I'm just talking about you I
was I was just up there talking encasing
i stuff cooking buddy design it was
really cool he said I like what you're
doing in YouTube yes I think he actually
watched what we did oh cool god but it's
cool and you're gonna kill it then we're
gonna kill her I'm excite is we're gonna
be the best spectators in the world the
support team just so much screaming like
fully embrace immaculate booting and
hollering yeah you know every
nothing surprises or mazes
Oh
like two by two friends to come up and
share their experience using the Matic
pro in the real world and also put it
through the paces here on the stage I'd
like to invite up John Olsen and I just
see if you did you manage we haven't
even tested the last couple weeks later
Jim please welcome pro skier and you too
beautiful enter John Olsen
hi can you believe that the stuff winter
shot all fits in this bag to me that is
just the future is here now we've all
moved all the way to the fact that I can
go up a mountain go ski put the drilling
in my pocket go to the top put in add
race mode and shoot the same thing as I
used to that I had to rent the
helicopter for the only transmission
system for each mile range supervision
sensors
and fly
this guy did a six out we're gonna do
okay yeah we're proud of you
we gotta move on the stage more often
from here on ever I like it it gives you
such a kick like and it's nice to do
things that gives me a kick without like
trying to risk my life you know so I'd
love to do more things if you have a
company you want me to do presentations
pick me up any practice yeah great dear
man thank you for inviting me
superb you know this is not gonna end
well Kate no you know I'm more worried
about my battery that I am John I gotta
get that thing always back to my office
how far is it forty five blocks 4302
range the range like 46 block okay see
he's not going very back
I couldn't find the botanist first
you're good
Jews but I can't get help boys in the
middle of traffic
on
god they were fast that was a whole
different story than the one I tried
did you kill my battery no I tried not
to okay but I'm happy that we finally
got to meet KC I know good to meet you
man
I know people watching has been talking
about you all haven't seen in the
comments nice to see you
I'm real hi wish you're doing something
more fun than standing in traffic right
now but I don't have to come later later
yeah we said if I could pick one person
have lunch with it would be Casey so we
didn't have lunch when we shared
chocolate-covered strawberries but calm
accounts counties food is pretty
romantic that's nice it's great and I
got to try the boo sabor
it's probably for me which I need to do
but you check it in you don't care at
all check I've carried on the London
before yeah
it really just depends on where you are
what country you're in
come on enjoy I'll connect later I'm not
very good at video games so it might be
a problem it's hard stretch it the new
your seat you don't crush bye guys enjoy
New York City bye
you almost died it was so fast that road
was not smooth either not what is it
that that product is sick that's awesome
I do what we need to get one somehow our
New York trip is now complete
yes we have done what we came to do we
went to a late to get the video and we
now officially met KC which all you guys
want to see so now we can hopefully do
more fun things in the future yeah but
we got to do a couple more things in
here yes have to do to me you got a
cool I'm from a double-sized saving
Ottawa partner Marco hi are you
connecting thank you very much
we are connected yeah we haven't
introduced you either like co-hosting we
should have done that way over there we
had so much fun okay let's talk about
yeah yeah you need to get in value
I am just seeing one yeah she is like I
would say I'm Way more experienced
youtuber I'm making way more successful
since 2006 but that's a really long time
yeah I didn't I did 2007 but then I had
a break so it doesn't really count that
was cool we had a great time Monday I
was a little afraid of the stage but I
think it were now you got all your guys
props nearly killed us
yeah I think we did a good job and we it
was good that we are coming from such
different backgrounds usually doing the
least crazy like drone shot skiing and
and I'm like I'm gonna go to the
trampoline park this is gonna be fun I'm
gonna go get coffee watch me drone while
drinking an iced latte but that's the
beauty of it
I can shoot everything cool well we're
gonna head to the hotel room and we'll
see you later
oh girl I'll hug your audience too yeah
hey huggy ha happy yes
all right let's see you later okay so
let's pack our up and get home t
around hopefully that we will all right
so it's time for us as you can see
places empty were the last ones out and
we had a great time talking about drones
just yeah we didn't want to leave but
now we got to go back to the tail pack
of our stuff and get on a flight tonight
but before that I'd like to say thank
you to my speech coach Sean and friend
but you should also check out his
youtube channel which corner this corner
yes that corner
he shoots some amazing things and he's
the one that travels more than anyone so
I'd say that as a thank you let's all
just subscribe to mattress Channel yeah
and you know you have the pressure Mack
yeah I've just started but I am planning
on doing more a couple of week and I'm
hopefully building up to be like this
guy someday we said that if he doesn't
post one video a week he has to shave
his eyebrows so if he gets say 10k Paul
okay let's get McFadden come on oh okay
and I've just started so I'm less than a
hundred so these are the internet this
is Isis grassroots 10k he has to Shia
shave his eyebrows every time he doesn't
post in a week because he travels to the
coolest places on earth just the coolest
things so he needs to post videos yeah
I'll get them done I'm pretty fun a deal
of these slopes but yeah it's a deal
okay guys
close that uh found one more cable I
think we're all set we're almost good to
go
yeah birthday as usual why does that
always happen maybe because we're moving
every three minutes okay here we go
just gonna start to go oh now we're back
online again we are we shot so much all
day with two cameras that we ran out of
battery on everything leaving New York
City but now we are about to jump on
that plane where last as usual our plane
is two hours delayed so our long day
that started early became even longer
yes so we're going to jump on that plane
go to Europe and we will check back as
soon as we land back there again but
overall I am very happy with this trip
it I had the best time today during the
presentation and overall I loved itself
good job now it's just time to sleep and
enjoy the flight and just rest yeah so
see you guys in Europe see tomorrow
