so this is the new DJI Mavic we have
been able to test it for last couple
weeks and we need to show you guys what
the future of drones look like you fold
the arms out
propellers stay on the whole time so it
means that set-up time is what four
seconds and then you have the dome here
protecting the gimbal in the front so
that's the drone this is the remote you
flip the antennas out these two arms
come out you take your phone and you
connect it in like that and that is your
remote and you're ready to go you are
ready to go I mean for us that shoots
drones as much as we can
being able to set them up quickly for
them not to take any space that is key
so instead of talking about it we're
gonna head up go for a hike and show you
guys what kind of footage this thing can
deliver let's go let's go do it
so how does it feel it's sick like you
know when you have a small drone you're
my first concern was like how does a
small drone handle flies like is sit on
stable and this is weird
it flies pretty much identical to a
phantom maybe a little quicker overall I
did not expect the thing that small to
be that good but I mean we don't need to
tell you you can watch the footage and
you can see the size and then you can
just judge for yourself yes you see
Marcus walking up the path flying it
while he's walking that's how easy it is
to handle like lookout light the
batteries are turn that off and so this
has pretty much the same flight time as
the Phantom as well yeah enough to where
you lose focus before he needs new
battery and so yeah it's just crazy that
you can carry this around in a small bag
like this but with that said we've got a
little bit of our hike loop left to go
and the higher you go the more beautiful
gets and the lower the Sun gets yes so
let's yeah let's just keep on going yeah
Oh
No
so we have now made it to the top of
this mountain with this drone or should
I maybe say drones if I told you that
there would be two DJ Avex in here what
you guys believe me that is the size of
this drone one and two and the
controllers add two controllers so this
means for me Marcus that we can now
always bring two drones instead of one
and since Marcus is better than me
applying he always flies and he gets
better and I get to stand there and he's
having all the fun but those days are
over because now we can bring this and
bring two drones
that's insane we can even bring a third
drone for Yanni let's just enjoy the
sunset fly drones
you
