good morning good morning we're having a
panic morning we broke our mic adapter
so that's why it's all noisy if we have
a lot of things we got to do today
before we go to the rehearsal so first
up you got to go to B&H and pick up a
new mic so you guys can hear what we're
saying yes a little subway today no we
don't have time with that that would
take us too long yeah
are you stressed out today yeah we're
late work we're late for a meeting but
now we have sound we got the very last
sound adapter in all of New York and I
love the like of but the fact that you
need a sound an effort the brains every
single time okay
it's the worst Planum is your little
chest so you should actually have 20 of
these laying around the worst part about
the thing is that this little piece is
$190
so that I can attach my microphone now
we can plug it in and have sound again
gogoat oh there we go
we're good yeah all right let's get
let's get to that meeting 3:15
one thing I hate is being
you're late 24 hours a day you not for
me good ID now down here a good day true
you ah Russia Chara meeting that Adams
yeah Mario sorry you're so late they
didn't know their number to call and
who's this I know that we're bad at
explaining what we do in meetings we're
here with fullscreen to meet the New
York office so that they can sort of
help us with ideas on things yes
so they're going to be quick and we're
going to see these guys from the outside
right see we're not going to film
meeting no not what's on the outside
yeah yeah yeah sorry I'm a bit slow my
brain with all this dressing it's okay
okay and I know you guys got some fresh
shoes yeah we we got sucked into the
whole sneaker yeah what you gonna like
them it's like game over yeah we're
actually going today as well oh my gosh
we'll have fun thank you okay so uh
thank you
you have everything hope so I want to
get like I love these sneakers but we
need to get like similar cheaper
versions because I I don't want to run
around these in the rain but I'd love
these again it's a flight club he likes
of it is I want that place it's going on
it's the best best place I've been in
New York that was a serious meeting
no no I'm you and I'm you thank you I've
been to a lot of meetings but I I felt
like entourage you know when they walk
in and it's like this is this is this is
the
I really wish we had a tree that size my
yeah also worked in like 12 people hello
hello I've never felt so important but
now let's go get some sneakers yeah
cheap ones blood gum this is a dangerous
place yeah we made it to play the cool
thing about flight club the story's
completed like there's no sign and if
you like sneakers you should really go
here unfortunately we're not allowed to
film in there so we're going to go
inside and pick up a couple non
expensive shoes that are similar so we
can have when it rains out and we're
we're in the snow yeah does that sound
like a good plan
so we'll see them although funny yeah
I'm gonna give Marcus a pair two as a
bonus because it's just kicking ass
every day we'll see what we come out
yeah
and we got some nuance
we had to get these less expensive one
yeah real cheap Marcus bonus thank you
yes thank you don't you guys think
Marcus deserves a bonus I do please
right yes in the comment sections I get
to get more shoes well you know if
someone does a good job they you should
just give them random gifts and say that
you like what they're doing these are
Marcus I like what you're doing
thank you but now we should we're gonna
go quick meeting on the red store to
check a couple things and then we are
gonna go to the rehearsal which scares
me I'm get I'm starting to get nervous
I've always loved being in the center of
attention when I ski but I've always
hated being onstage
hmm but I like getting better at things
I have to overcome my stage fear yeah
because apparently it's like it's really
big stage Oh exciting I'm sure you think
it's exciting I think it's super exotic
you know what I'm really really loving
this time in New York filming that I'm
just having fun like last time I felt
like we were trying to figure out what
to do now we're just like whatever let's
go there and also traveling in New York
is easier than in LA cuz you can do a
lot of stuff in the same day yeah it's
like I noticed when we did vlogs in LA
it's like all right I'm gonna go have
lunch
that'll take five hours it's really hard
to vlog whereas here you get ten things
in an hour
oh look at that thing let's go bro
we're having uh oh yeah oh no oh yeah a
gyro gyro thank you not a cargo not a
gimbal and now that I go Alex Scott
what's going on we're having a great
great beautiful day in New York is
nothing look at that boy oh my god what
is that
Ollie I might set a dream there like
four to five tanks don't you New York
indeed I try there's so good that we all
need to get them after this
it's knowing you and he's going to lose
the bike there or something I haven't
ridden the bike in a long time
maybe Pike is the way to go get it up
here once it sits on your shoulder
you'll be issuing when you're bringing
it out here to see Marcus Shea good
stable nose has a shoulder workout
tonight but it doesn't I see that his
first reaction was not you're crazy he
was like now it's like realistic you see
absolute dream cool it is right that's
what I love about crazy people that when
we show them crazy ideas they think it's
great probably the best idea you've ever
had be honest the only thing is people
might get a little freaked out but whose
milk would you like getting on a plane I
don't think they'll do this but if you
get if you put a nice little little
smiley face emoji yeah yeah be like this
book I saw would look at that
straightaway they'd smile and then
they're confused and then that is such a
great idea you have the big thing there
big emoji well I'd say that we have
gotten a lot of good information and
it's time to move on to rehearsal I was
just explaining to them that I'm nervous
you're used to being on the stage and
I'm scared of stages so we're going to
join tomorrow max yeah yeah hopefully do
you want to take my spot on C on the
stage okay I'm just wearing I'm real
nervous just put on a Swedish accent Max
is ready we just saw the start of the
show me give your script and I am dying
in there I don't have a script I just
freestyle and just be ways
well alright now we have great info
let's get to business and do what I'm
scared to
we've just spent an hour in traffic and
it's windy let's go inside
sorry for being late it's fine I thought
hey we thought well man marques nice
more inches you're DeMarcus nice to meet
you I started a coulis ribbon ever yeah
so you're gonna have to count we're
cutting here and then we'll see what we
can come back with from inside yeah
then you can you do like the end a I'm
too tired yeah and the little bug wait
so that was we got here what five hours
ago
knows yet a little over five so Young
has been in fairness killing it
rehearsing a lot for the secret launch
tomorrow and this might be a little bit
of a giveaway in the background self
don't focus too much other
tomorrow's gonna be a very exciting day
it was sick like it was a little bit
more required for me than I expected but
on the other hand I love a challenge
yeah but my brain so fried and I know
the Marcus has a lot of work to do if
we're gonna go home get some sleep
he's just actually sleeping behind I'm
gonna go and get food for Marcus Red
Bull whatever he needs support I'm like
the supporting actor get him like ready
and then we're gonna come back here and
killed it tomorrow but yeah that's been
a sick afternoon night good job
yeah but it didn't make me less nervous
see you guys tomorrow we're ready to
kill it tomorrow good right
