wait
toward City
and today we are say good morning from
like a stormy unrecognisable Monaco with
giant wave like looking I don't know if
you can see but it's kind of gnarly out
here but that's what we like I'm sure
there's a lot of rain on the lens and
maybe not perfect sound but today since
there's Wade we had planned to go
surfing
Benny is in Contra to get some boards if
this is not commitment for morning the
euro and now we have a monster set
coming in that it was really good that I
ran why do I love this so much like big
waves and crazy
see this whole platform here this is
pretty heavy it's a dog they usually
floats out there that's been washed on
shore and that was 10 meters that way a
second ago but now I'm gonna go and
communicate with Benny maybe dry up my
camera gear and then we're gonna see
what we can do today but one thing's for
sure it won't be a regular sunny Monaco
blog it was also you know how much of a
storm it is no you know the floating
dock that's out in the middle of the
ocean that is washed up I was standing
on that and a wave came and pushed that
10 meters right behind me do 40 by the
way I was so excited that was the best
morning b-roll I shot like just being in
the rain shooting having fun for now I'm
gonna probably well I had my morning
shower so I want to grab a coffee or
I'll be right back with a plan
maybe surfing so bad plan but yeah but
then again we like bad plans oh boy is
it the storm searcher that's come in
although you were gonna come in this
wetsuit yeah and my boy is in the car
but first morning and now important how
crazy is it out there I've never seen
anything make a beat like it's getting
worse by the minute she's gone
Wow yeah so we're we're gonna debate and
like figure out what to do what like we
want to surf but we don't want to die so
we'll do some recon and we'll be right
back in a second sunglass song because
we're going surfing that we will step
oneness to go to nice and get a wetsuit
so that we don't free step like that's
where I was we're gonna what hitting no
oh this one
I think this is the biggest up speed
monocle oh you'd certainly there's a
dude out there no way Yahweh what a
champion yeah right there no one the
goal of this one oh no he said he got
crushed punch up the looks this is such
a bad way
keep 34 yes
nice surf shop I should have found that
like 10 years ago so I don't have to
surf and shitty stuff here perfect
that's a parking sign right yeah that's
a parking on surf days sign pawn shop
it's very key Oh
how's this your mind which ones you I
know do you have one in the car yeah
okay good we get it for three hundred
three two four three
I know you call it's it's early as good
as one yeah yeah I would go directly for
this one it's it's it's for free I know
I named it so cool I fell in there was
that that we will tell China
now we just need some like surfable wave
energy when it looks big from here let's
go back into the car quick Monsieur the
surf guide mr. Klein how are you man
good how are you yeah very good thank
you it looks big nice big but it's an F
I love left these two boys they like
right to goodness there I'm gonna
my pants
we saw the way from up top we're like
that does not look like French Riviera
that looks like Hawaii outer reef
second take
one here but as long as you can catch
away right it get that feeling hang out
with your friends and have a good time
that's all that matters out there there
will be a couple other factors involved
what do you guys think I'm game I have a
blog like if I get injured or die it's
calling times if I have a good wave it's
fun exactly
okay so we've been looking here for 45
minutes and there's a few guys surfing
and we saw maybe three people spent on
the board and we're game to like take a
serious
and do something we shouldn't do what
just go out there but it's looking like
really really bad this is gonna hit us
really good here and I say we were gonna
go check out level tow like where we
looked this morning and said it was a
bad plan this is a terrible plan but
that's a bad plan
so we're gonna go with the bad plan then
move
one final check before
lovato the break of Montecarlo Bay
there's no people that's usually a bad
sign
see I've kind of realized the surfing
here in in the Riviera and Monaco it's
not so much about the wave it's more
about like searching and like oh is it
good there no it's bad but it's not as
bad as over there but now I'm gonna just
check Montecarlo Bay that's a little
close to the shore No
right here
but this looks really good compared to
pin fraud what do we say throw on the
wetsuit and the tact level at the beach
should we tell Yanni they were going
surfing maybe no no that's not idea then
she would be worried
Yanni does not want to know screw it
let's go put on a wetsuit
we have arrived where we started the day
but with one wetsuit more and we have
arrived Luton jingly 50 metres from
where started the day I am hereby
deciding that we're just gonna take the
boards out with the wetsuit all not even
books what it's like and like give us
the chance to like realize that we
shouldn't go out because if we're in the
wetsuit then we look at the waves we're
still gonna go wow I've never had a lot
of these so now you can this one is like
super comfy I'm ready ready 100% I'm
glad we changed before we really looked
at it like we walked through this tunnel
and it was not less looking it is
employed in the water I think we should
look let's have a quick look on vision
is life
we're gonna need it nice this is not one
of the best ideas we've had
Oh
like look out dork that is out there can
you see something we can't shoot slow
many more no we just have the long lens
on the beach so you can see how dark it
is up there is the four hundred million
euro apartment
guys
the ocean is winning everyone is now
heading towards the beach I could have
recorded a full cuca the the day session
here so top job maybe see you tomorrow
Thanks yeah we just had like a quick
semi change here and I look this poncho
it's so winning yeah but I'm just gonna
go upstairs look here you've got like
the GoPro pocket it's really quick and
easy you know me like impatient like
okay let's go up and see what Yanni
thinks of it and it's been raining and
it's been windy and it's discordantly
but it has bowels the dark get a bit
kind of dark all day but we did a good
push and surf probably two hours yeah
yeah I don't know at least not a really
long time enough to like be really tired
yeah but I'm just so happy that but
you're also committed of this unique way
of living do you like my poncho I'm
having a tremendously hard time vlogging
at this point because I've had like two
bars today no me either just had a
milkshake two bars and two red bulls how
about we call a pizza boutique get the
party started
and then we'll pick up once brain works
again he's that would take we should
really not don't like I can't think I'm
so hungry
it's three slices but I give the guy a
big tip because he was running in the
rain though so happy that he came let's
do this we're gonna eat and then we're
gonna finish the vlogs cuz I have a
couple things that I thought about
saying yeah yeah Pizza gone
that's my Liz back I like forgot to eat
all day and I was just so occupied
looking at waves crashing but now pizzas
in the bed Laye life is good I'm happy
and I love when we have a day like today
I'll
honestly love it but the reason why I
wanted to end after the vlog was better
after I really thought I was smart now I
was gonna say after the pizza was
because one I saw in the comments that
we didn't show that we jumped in the
water but today we jumped in the water
for like three hours so they're made up
for the other hours yeah so I saw that I
see the comments we always see the
comments and number two I can't believe
how many likes we got on the last video
we have I think 24,000 mm-hmm
yeah seven eight nine mmm at this time
so it does make a huge difference if you
guys remember to hit that like button
like I think it's really good for the
YouTube algorithm because we're not very
good at clique baiting and playing by
the YouTube rules and other things but
we really appreciate like here and there
made me really happy this morning so I
just wanted to say thank you and we'll
be back real soon with more action we
have one day here
travelling Stockholm and then the next
vlog after that will be da helicopter in
Canada ya know that was my third thing
there was a guy said he'd unsubscribe if
you kept seeing Turtles no really I'll
subscribe then no we don't want that
Turtles is hereby forbidden in the Jo VB
it's chowder I'm gonna rest advanced
tools
