Marcus we have a problem what's the
problem I don't think we can be friends
anymore why not because I just read the
comments and apparently let me walk
around with a t-shirt back and forth
actually I looked through the video blog
like after I saw the comment trying to
find where you were in backwards I can
find it I saw it did you yeah I look
like a freaking idiot you didn't tell me
you must have happened somewhere yeah ok
but next time if I wear something back
words only tell me yeah but I couldn't
see it
so you're just equally as stupid as I am
wish I bet you are the one with a
t-shirt backward we need like screenings
of video boys like make sure we don't do
shoot stupid like that
I am screening it for you yeah I screwed
the - I didn't see it either look there
you go today I'm a bit confused why
because today we have said that we're
gonna do something that nothing neither
Amir Marquez have done before we are
going to take the subway in New York
City so we're not the love to take the
cab
no are you good I agree you know I went
to school in a city that didn't have a
red light so for me to get a subway it
just feels like a confusing spider net
yeah I mean I don't even know where do I
start like where do I find a subway
station I know where Subway's put the
great sandwiches well we're going to go
to Brooklyn ah - say hi to Riley cuz
he's out there
we figured why not start right there
coupon all right it's a whole bunch of
lines it take the l-train
he's helping us different I don't see an
L train which will just go with that
blue one that goes to Brooklyn like
we're not trying to look like it is I
honestly have no idea which way we going
which way
well we're going on a blue line I know
that but you just wait
yeah thing comes yeah but the blue one
do you know which direction that blue
ones go yeah broken okay so we need a C
train yes Mattel Riley we're on the C
train haha got the Blue Jays compete we
are on the blue subway to Brooklyn
we're going to take the C train right
so what are we doing now
take another train from where does that
go
see this is my first experience with the
freaking subway and it says
see shits difficult yes I know I agree
with it it is difficult don't read
center connect no it's right
I don't know where to go let's go out
and see the Sun and get some fresh air
well I don't want to go to Canal Street
that's where we live last time yeah but
this here tells me there is no transfers
from here
they told us it shouldn't be transfers I
said from the beginning that I am a
total rookie and I'm bad at this you
said you're an expert I am but what the
train you're supposed to take doesn't
leave from your station what can you do
you have to take the next one yeah and
then you got off at the wrong place you
can stay twelve of us we could do
transfers to a and C on this station
come on you Freedom Tower let's do that
okay
I think Riley has left Brookes keep
Orion right
this is not Brooklyn but
all right so max just boy and I told him
I'm Malik are you at JFK can you check
my passport they wouldn't release it but
then I said what if we do FaceTime maybe
that will release it them but then we
were on the subway for like 40 minutes
trying to get to where wherever where
didn't go wherever we didn't go hello
so I take my hat off you know son born
August 1782
all right thank you so much let's see it
max oh that is the best news all day all
like forever
alright thanks so much like we literally
try to get towards for crack 40 minutes
took the wrong trains three times we're
going to look at a building sir should
we walk around see if we can look at it
yes
yeah I haven't seen this place I was
here seven eight years ago and it was
completely different all of it I've seen
a lot of documentaries because we were
here when it was 15 years ago since this
happened so we saw the documentaries and
everything and then being here just
looking at all this is pretty surreal
but I'm pretty glad we ended up taking
the wrong train because even though this
is just a very sort of sad place in a
way it's still amazing to see what New
York is done with the with everything
that happened the question even if the
line work that
try to figure out how long the line is -
it would be cool but I'm going to put a
break up 20 minutes one that I don't
want to again
we ended up in line yeah we're gonna
we're gonna track thank you
how did that work out I did not think
this was happening I thought they'd be
like a three-hour line yeah but I'm
really excited I went up to the top of
empire state like seven eight years ago
hmm and I thought it was so cool to see
the city from the top cool so today you
guys should check out our blog post
we're going to post a bunch of pictures
you guys can see all the pictures were
taken so link in the description to my
blog they used to be all I did back in
the day yeah so bunch of photos they're
cool it's so fun to shoot photos here
it's very cool and we skip blind yes
somehow marcasite magic I have no
comment I don't know how that happened
Thank You Marcus no problem sir yes
thank you do we have it for ourselves
yeah perfect thank you have a good day
thank you wow this is so cool
that's right Ivan happened only this
it's the year it's like how it's
changing
look here now the up
alright that suppose elevator I've ever
been welcome to one world observatory
for 100
this is way cooler than I thought it
would be under present work look I
always sell thing cop you're bad at
subway
see that down there on that pier that's
a football field where I mean eonni
works out it's so cool to see everything
from up here
so cool we've seen the city from the
ground from an airplane when we left
from a ferry gonna land there now from
the top about the building yeah and
every experience gives a different
perspective yes I think I like this one
the bus me too let's go to the subway I
agree but once again I find these yellow
lines and everything is closed on the
lines that we think we're supposed to
take now I don't know how to get out of
here
me neither like it just take a or C and
then it says no a or C good morning
we're down here I mean there's there's
no other things going let's go through
to Williams me
how do we know where to get off now
we look at that
that's the restaurant
so we made it with subway by the way
with people as to you or yesterday so
Instagram tag here so you guys can find
Sultan because everybody yeah we're bad
at like introducing people on the road
let's go our gumball buddy we're going
to get better please yes
I think we are having a lot of success
today like look at this
insert making this douchebag a hundred
percent camera back yes an ND filter for
the drone Megan Lee chef finally about
time for us to do it but this like once
we customize this it's gonna be super
kick-ass
considering that will take us three
hours to get on with a subway catch
we'll take the road subway four times
we're gonna get an uber are they gonna
cheat on the subway challenge no we had
a we had a great experience on the
subway but I just think it's far too
that we we grab a coot an uber today
okay we can ride the subway more
tomorrow
okay so we'll spin home from here yes no
that is what I call a jackpot how sick
did that turn out so this is the
douchebag hugger thirty you see here you
have the pockets are still okay here on
the side pocket pocket and then you have
the divider top pocket oh yes perfectly
laptop and it's fits a hundred and ten
percent so since I found this you'll
find it this link in the description
below for the bag and also for the
divider for those of you who wants a
good looking camera bag that works well
I'm super excited we found this me too
but I'm also excited about this the
screen tomorrow you'll see exactly what
this means some crazy people again and I
also saw a comment that people wanted to
see what we actually bought yesterday GC
/ 1 / 2 / 3 + par 4 which is Marcus yes
and I never got the whole sneaker thing
before but when I tried these on they
are the most comfortable shoes I've ever
had and they are like their sporty but
they're kind of dressed fashionably in a
way yeah so yeah this will be gotten
that we got a bunch of stuff whatever
I'll be wearing the next few days we all
screw up there as well so we're kind of
going crazy on the shopping stuff - we
are we need to slow down like get their
pace tumbling but on the other hand in
our defense we haven't shopped at all in
like the last 150 days because we
haven't had time that's true
so yeah with that said we need to
to end today's vlog here because I need
to doesn't work and prepare for my
speech we have rehearsals tomorrow yeah
just the word rehearsal makes me nervous
it's exciting and we need to work on a
little video thing so we'll see you guys
tomorrow
we've had a kick-ass they love the
subway and the world trade the one one
more long world one world tower so good
night good night
