sake resort weights I'm good thank you
this is what I wake up to every morning
Marcus eggs knickers are twigs ice cream
yeah good morning
yeah by the way good morning we have
started the day in like a kick-ass mode
like we woke up and just went for it
because we have energy again which is
awesome so the first thing we did was
that we booked a hotel tonight in New
York so we have a business fear we're
getting good like booking in advance
yeah um then we upgraded our tickets to
New York so I think we're gonna fly in a
bigger seat which is going to be awesome
yes number three is that we booked a new
ticket to Europe flying straight to
Stockholm instead of tomorrow go okay so
we have two tickets to Europe yeah but
one of them is in a bigger sheet going
straight to Stockholm yes and then I
signed up for what a sign up for me I
signed up for a bunch of different
frequent flyer programs so now I'm miles
and more Chris flyer with Singapore sky
Emirates United and that's it so now now
I can collect points we're trying to
optimize our travel so with that said I
think we should maybe start packing once
you're done with the ice cream and we
have a lot of to back we have a lot
of gear new bags and a lot of new stuff
but still I can only find two t-shirts
and one pair of boxers yeah problem so
we have to go shop in New York in and I
have no socks put I have ice cream you
have ice cream okay but enough computer
God like a whole plan was to go to the
airport to chill but now I'm looking at
that little M I mean God why are you
holy sleep I honestly thought we'd be
like way ahead of schedule like going to
the airport eating lunch and everything
I think that's it I think so too
to divert airport yeah maybe breakfast
perfect I love a big car that way we
have plenty of space perfect so we will
be there 12:26 yeah and we fly what a -
oh it leaves 140 p.m. so we should be
good cool cool
there we go
on new york we're on time for once
how many bags to him well this bag is
filled with backs because we got a bunch
of new bag that's your bags in the back
yes and my suit which I brought to New
York because I was going to Fashion Week
but that was way too warm to use the
suit there is a chance for us to get
seated together yeah we'll check on
board perfect thank you so much I like
it that there is no separate baggage
tags
that's smart thank you do you have the
number of your baggage tag on the ticket
instead
wakeboarder like that secure it to check
done I love all there's no problem
traveling it for the drone in your pack
and we have like three drones and nine
batteries so secret founder lounge
Virgin America the lock breakfast bites
let's go
Toolbar come on Gemma does it say that
he's Knights the best thing Marcus goes
in this entire world is air mountain
airline lounges hello do you upgrade
your first pops yeah okay so just
include the lounge pain okay so when you
upgrade
I'm virgin you don't you have to beg for
the lounge yeah we can get more food if
we take those 30 bucks in my food yes
yeah this looks better yeah
see a spicy sesame chicken
better than a burger hunger see I'm
not a I'm not a Burger King guy no more
available in and out yeah
and max burger and spill up but Yanni
really enjoys healthy food I really
enjoy everything that's not healthy me
too
this is really our name no but in the US
I say John because it is easier to say
easier than John
normally it'd be you for you and it's
usually difficult up restaurants
Swedish so today I'm JA I'm glad to hear
that
thank you so much
sighs I understand someone prefer to
call me you and instead of John so my
name is not John
this is unusual Horace we not being the
last one on but it looks comfortable
like you're not waiting in line and
stuff true but if you have a big seat
you might as well get on there but small
see you might as well wait that term
yeah that's true have a big see hope you
find your seat there everything closed
so it's like cozy yes makes it hard to
film it nice seeds totally worth it on
the first row yeah window of it back of
the bus the other so Marcus is how Talia
Marcus 190 190
so Marcus vice when it's small he's like
yes and I'm like oh nice
see this here is motivation to work hard
because you can travel what seats like
this then life is good life is great so
work harder and have a big seat that's
true motivation of the day ya know like
seriously like this motivates me at work
good to meet you
that was a nice nap it was a lot better
yeah like a five-hour nap that's good I
needed it good
I've been getting up see I've been
getting up at 6:00 okay well not
uploading but doing the thumbnail and
title in the morning so we're working in
shifts yes - oh I see
thumps up good
do we have a roommate um there's a huge
question mark on everything no no no
hold on
what I'm doing for yet what's that did
you forget my cellphone
now we have it yes is everyone this
clumsy as we are when it comes to
forgetting things I don't think so I
think we are exceptionally fat yes and
goes bad not good when has that ever
happened that the first three bags are
our bags another me like yes let's go
that is so much winning it's
unbelievable
I do think I have room here I hope I
don't have that you book didn't you oh
the other thing is yeah that's a problem
stop looking at me - take it are you
stressing out
I usually don't stress too much but
passport task board is one thing that
you can't really like just figure out at
least I got mine yeah the earth yes so
that's good for me sorry we love with
like we can't do anything no at least
I'm going to learn how to get your
passport in New York it's funny you
don't seem too worried at all which I
like why should I be worried we are team
no problem it like there is literally no
problem hello this is Yoon I need to
Passport yes you just call someone yeah
you just call someone so I'll be a part
of you how easy is it when a new
passport in New York City it's very easy
is that
yeah of course today's come on we're
good you gotta think of it this way how
many people loses their passports every
single day a lot of people so is it easy
to get yes thank you
like we're messy own cool like messes
like start describe us we are seriously
the biggest mess in the world what
happened to us we used to be like pretty
like on top of things we used to be in
control and then we lost it completely
out of this world
just up first of all
fingers crossed
cross your fingers come on cross your
fingers that this room is bigger than
the last one if it's smaller it will
suck AHA this is like monster compared
that other one but it's really hard
ah nice you gotta cook it back
no luck no passport is officially gone
and with that you're going to end to
this video blog because we should stop
stressing take a couple deep breaths and
then we'll figure out how to get home
from the states tomorrow yes bye bye
over and out from a little bit sad
