my coffee yeah thanks how are you
feeling it today tired I'm broken in
half
me too I'm broken in half and I wake up
to comments saying that were such lazy
bastards for not making a proper law
yesterday if you would a bit if you
would have had a GoPro out of my head
yesterday I don't think you would have
said those evil pigs feel real sad
because we almost destroyed ourselves
now wake up I mean like you had a 15%
chance of dying yesterday it was a great
day but it was a really really shitty
day in terms of other things so some
days you have good luck and other days
you have bad luck and yes today was one
of those bad days
yesterday was a great productive day but
it was a tough day and we are not lazy
so let's drink coffee and like move on
with our day but I needed to say that
cuz I pissed when I thought up actually
this this might actually help you a bit
this here is me on top of a freaking
mountain at 9 p.m. because we got stuck
in about what I'm sorry here's three
photos it kind of shows a little bit of
the suckiness I'm not wait the
commitment but I haven't seen Marcus
left that hard in like a month I still
think it's about it was hard to be lazy
what can you do ah oh why don't do that
what did you do I just like I wanted to
shove it down I miss my just like oh
nail go on and like ah I was just about
to say I saw Marcus take out the camera
I was just about to say I'm so excited
that I can stomp on boxes of my back
heels okay I keep being mean to my body
so we're trying to be helpful here and
help Riley pack up his stuff since he is
leaving tonight and he's got to move all
this stuff out cuz he's moving when he's
coming back
yeah does that accurate accurate ok
let's do something then step one take a
bunch of red stuff to the red store for
Riley step to go to Santa Monica
step three go to Venice um - yeah full
day ahead of us
filming the whole day
your palate Ebola I just want to stop it
said I think you have a very much
difficulties to talk and drive same time
yes if you would ask Yanni what you
think of my skills to do two things at
the same time you started a sentence and
you haven't even finished it yet yeah
and I already forgot what I was saying
what was I saying yeah if you were
saying you never mind this is the red
star okay I'm gonna just Park here for
two seconds run in and just drop off the
things okay give me maybe you stay in
the car and I just run in with okay just
like run run run I'll run run run run
okay there's that one
hello how did he go I got a coffee and I
was talking to a really nice lady about
a bunch of fun things yeah you used your
time
no she had to go through everything so
it wasn't really my time um let's see
Santa Monica yep let me just check with
max max the crazy person the Irish crazy
guy see what he is saying
hello hello a crazy crazy person Shanna
Shanna
we are just done here in Hollywood just
checking if we should meet up in Santa
Monica or Venice or wherever or Venice
yeah yes should we should we type Venice
in the GPS hub start heading that way
how about you're in charge of schedule
and we come along we just need to be in
a meeting at 2:00 in Marina del Rey oh
this is too perfect okay okay that's it
ciao we got company
what's wrong that is Beach baby we're
doing it we are now surrounded by more
crazy people
what's your the game I've seen on stats
from the Marva vlogs that you're
appreciated and this is Mike which is
like what's happening it's like Max 2 is
a crazy woman crazy G Albanian Albanian
a stunt double better eyebrows better
beer ha ha ha so this is great yes the
contrition why I'm giving you two wadies
some of their energy yeah
we are in Venice we're gonna grab a
quick lunch before you go to a meeting
and then we're gonna come back here and
I'm like I just found a new t-shirt as
well
we get your nipple - where's it is la
Riley might as well don't worry max
it stylish sorry but we should really
get something to eat otherwise we're
gonna be late like we're always all
right let's just go here there yeah
these are the a cool place though yeah
it's not the kind of place you want to
stress that Foofa we got to be a little
quick huh this looks perfect
you know
I was about to grab Dominion I'm like
yeah nice knuckles already have a poor
 auric taco merci beaucoup thank
you so much now we just have like we
have to be at a meeting in like 18
minutes and did you guess us that it's
18 minutes to get there we just could
just bring this well eat in the car
bottom line you got to throw this in and
then go real quick okay
granny why don't you air now sorry
apologies
I just got lemon everywhere they're so
much loves basketball
cheers boys sure you have to cheers
mature and I have the chances you're
frankly I get that picking up as your
just cancel the meeting am i Angeles eat
snow shoes check if we can change the
meeting time Justin that'd be better
actually
do you like for now and just get an
answer
yeah that's better for us actually
perfect so now we have time yes cover up
two hours I'm gonna enjoy this
oh wait wait one hour and we have Joe's
fantastic cheers to that
cheers the hall we can chill best texts
all day do you forget something maybe
some
he has never not forgot to send all of
those are yours so like you check to
make sure his head
you're still here so we move the meeting
two hours and we are almost going to be
late either way but the plan is go to
the meeting
come back here enjoy the beach yes this
is the familiar place
yeah you guys might not recognize this
place we were here for a meeting a
couple days ago but now we are actually
here for kind of a big meeting for us
because we are here to sign a contract
probably the biggest contract we've
signed since we start with YouTube yeah
because it is time for us to sign with a
big international YouTube management
company yes so that we can work on that
getting better at YouTube and figuring
out what other cool things you can do
yeah so hopefully we get this contract
time oh what's hot brothers no problem
here you go oh yeah you do I need to
sign anything no you're good good I'm
good my sign in my life I think you said
your life away before - yeah unless you
want to be parent or legal guardian to
me no thank you partner that would be me
right that's you so you just need to
sign the top line and data at the bottom
sometimes we have our clients on in
blood but yeah I think that's my own I
almost have some blood from this morning
that I donate for a signature yeah cool
also it is awesome
let's talk for pond yeah now we should
put camera down and make grand master
plans for universe
takeover that is good especially would
give meaning yeah basically we need to
start wearing sunglasses at all time up
 matter on my desk no we had a
fantastic meeting said you know me I
love to learn things and I feel like
I've learned more now in one hour then I
have in the last hundred and fifty days
and have loved learning things yeah just
call me the professor yes
I mean Marcus knows a lot of things
about a lot of stuff I know basically
everything but I don't knows a lot more
Morgan says a lot oh yeah yeah okay are
you gonna bring your bag or yeah
I forget my sunglasses in my bag and I'm
just waiting until the day I forget
marches thanks so much I really
appreciate it thank you so much yeah
seriously it was awesome
let me know if you need anything else
before you leave town and planets
changed its usual because our LA
schedule is never on time so if we were
to go to Venice now we wouldn't be able
to be back on time when Riley leaves for
the airport so so we're gonna get in the
car drive home to see you Riley before
he goes if we make it with all the
traffic Riley's leaving today I know
then I tell them yet um think so so
Riley is flying to New York today and
we're flying tomorrow we have see kids
for one yes but once again we failed to
book anything before 24 hours before
departure but we're not complaining nope
today life is good ah come on move it
yeah let's spin and see if we end up on
the drone or home okay
there you go
aha but you you know what fantastical I
think we just end the video blog here I
think that sounds like a great plan and
focus 110 percent on this pizza yes just
running out of light so see you tomorrow
see you guys tomorrow bye ciao
