good morning good morning how are you
I'm doing great today because today we
are finally gonna get going and shoot
the stuff that we actually came to the
States to shoot yes
so we wanted to jump in here in the
morning and say that instead of us just
shooting the whole day saying we can't
show or shooting we put together a
highlight reel from the Indo trip that
we went on a couple weeks ago and we
figured that it's much better that we
show you guys all that cool stuff
instead of yeah making a vlog where you
can't really shoot anything yeah and I
think those shots are pretty epic so I
hope you guys enjoy that for today and
then we will be back on full-speed
normal mode tomorrow when we're able to
actually show what we're doing yes I
think that's a good plan so enjoy all
the epicness that Marcus put together
from Komodo and Indo and we will see you
guys tomorrow so good morning and good
night
good morning and good night and I'm
looking forward to tomorrow being back
on normal schedule again without secrets
and like difficulty of vlogging yes bye
bye ciao
