let's go inside come on Marley come on
that's class site he's lazy well I think
he's a little lazy and he knows that
we're leaving so he doesn't want to go
inside
good morning by the way how are you good
morning I'm good how was the iPhone
files to edit oh my god I'm never doing
an iPhone vlog again I know you told me
but let's tell the viewers the red files
are easier on the computer than the
iPhone a million times easier which is
crazy I mean you have this tiny iPhone
that should be like easy to edit in
really small files as well but yeah so
no big files on the red which is easy to
playback so sometimes a big camera is
easier than a small camera not straight
but now you got some sleep I got the
coffee dogs up to dry they feed the dogs
you know if you fed the dogs no hold on
it's like really cool there in the
morning and then it gets mega warm like
real quick yeah I fed him yeah good to
go
and action
okay
so is it okay yeah
or iPhone yeah but you can just drop
that in the water bottle yeah yeah I
feel bad for your iPhone it's brand new
but it's waterproof so you can just have
a rinse off you want to rinse it off on
your church
take something away it's use the
bathroom somewhere there no yeah it's
route okay thank you which is this crap
anyway we're in Hollywood because we're
gonna shoot a bunch of photos because we
have done a collab with douchebags with
an artist here yes we're gonna go say hi
shoot some photos and
just hang out in Hollywood yeah and drop
iPhones in puddles yes dirty to have a
toilet somewhere yeah I need to wash my
phone
all fresh can you so far
perfect
it's good hey I'm Marcus are you doing
nice to meet you
buddy I figured since we're in the
neighborhood I figure we just stopped by
use this bad boy sugar up some bags yeah
that'd be perfect
how do I should you shoot something we
can show ah me and your I agree it's not
simple shot oh I can only shoot this way
we are gonna move on so much
you can hear hi hi - my pleasure
there's my pal you what's up yeah with a
good friend of mine there's another good
friend of mine to get some stuff done
thanks so much
oh let's design some limited bags let's
produce him let's meet up with KC you
helped design up and shoot him and we're
like full production we do everything
but now we are ready for mission number
two yeah what Feliciana - mission number
two is that we're gonna go by Sammy's
camera just ask if we can fix that
broken the sensor on the end real quick
though cuz I promise no more camera
stuff yes okay let's to it on the very
outside so here Sam is yeah here's
Sammy's but since we have our no talk
about camera rule for like at least two
weeks let's just spin straight to lunch
instead this is not lunch no cuz we were
we got in the car we're like alright so
let's go have lunch and then I'm like
what what are you doing on today's video
boy we start the day by going to a photo
shoot when we can't show the product
that were shooting number two is that
we're going to a camera store which we
have promised not to talk about for
least two weeks number three is that we
need to work on our commercial with a
product we're not allowed to show so
anything I can think of like it's
impossible to make a vlog today
hmmm this for wish everything we do is
secret but let's talk about them the
photoshoot gave some context to the
viewers are like context okay so Casey
Veggies contacted us and I think it's so
cool when someone outside of the ski
community contacts us and wants to make
a collaboration so we're like we're all
for it and together we've developed or
designed a couple product that is going
to come out in a little bit
the mission of today was to go and say
hi to Casey because we've only emailed
and worked on design stuff so it's cool
to meet him grab a couple photos the
photos is for the release of the product
exactly and that is a limited line of
the do spike series yes yes thank you
Marcus context I'm helping you with the
contact that's good I recorded
everything in slow-mo you did no just
kidding
hahaha your life doesn't suck you know
sometimes it's just hard yeah I don't
like vlogging hard sometimes yeah and
then we say that we're gonna go eat and
all I want to do is like have six Big
Macs and might be angry cuz it's
difficult and I don't want to show
McDonald's to them that makes another
problem what can we do that's not secret
that's my life goals from now on I'm
gonna try to like do more things that
are not secret because if you're doing
secret stuff with new releases of
product it makes vlogging much tougher
okay so one thing that we do know is
terrible is sitting in traffic and it's
soon 3:00 and you know what Riley told
us yeah
don't leave after 3:00 yeah so I say we
go to puddles fork which is the only
restaurant we do oh no no no that place
next to it with that incredible pizza oh
yeah yeah Babic oh no pizza double kata
pita perfect should we draw the spin
thing again let's try it again and see
if we end up at lunch this time okay I
ready yeah me too mom but it is not the
pizza place no but see when when you
pick where to eat parking is always in
the central part here they have a huge
parking lot but you can only use it if
you'd here in Mexican is always good I
love Mexican food we are the only one
here
just the way we like it
I would love a chicken kiss video okay
and she can talk off their cages or good
yeah with a chicken chicken you got it
perfect thank you thank you thank you
thank you God thank you I think give us
fruit behind heat hood yeah maybe you're
happy and maybe I wouldn't have banged
my head on the steering wheel if I had
some food in my belly that's how it
works sometimes you guys would have seen
how many times mark just laughing at me
freaking out about life kicking out
about this stupid thing
yeah that's me yeah that's true let's
eat so what happened here was the mark
to sign for the bill and crumbed at 39
up to 40 we didn't have more cash so he
gave the server the worst dip in this
through the world oh yeah so free though
because we can't find the server well
the only thing we have is euros you know
we're gonna have to come back with cash
like tomorrow an IOU who know it's like
dumb dumber you can kill us all and here
we go again secret project seek
everything seeker today this is the same
secret project as we talked about
yesterday the big secret project and we
got to do some work to make sure that we
get it like a hundred percent yes so
yeah we're gonna we're gonna do that and
we'll check back a little ah
how much can we show like can we even
show the place we're going to yeah maybe
yeah we're in Los Angeles okay and
here's a road and yeah that's something
I'm looking for the 27th I hate this
like secrecy keeps flogging hard I agree
so yep check back
yes and that is a successful mission I
feel like my applies here like you wake
up and then you go get one thing you're
stuck in traffic for a bit and that bad
the Sun Goes Down
okay I pull end in here and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
and hopefully I will not bang my head
nice good night
