good morning good morning Marcus how are
you I'm good I'm gonna try to help Riley
out with some stuff that's rallies that
work jumping off a train or something
like that so we were like what can we
help Riley wait while he's away since
we're staying at his house and the only
thing I could think it was to remove the
 from the dogs yes cuz that is
something I would like to get help with
uh if I have people staying in my house
that's true I'd be real happy cuz when
you stay at someone's place or you
borrow a color or anything you should
make sure that if you borrow a car you
give it back with more gas than you had
it and do nice thing oh is it
did we filmed on iPhone 7 by the way I
was just gonna say I need to take up a
phone and now we can switch to this
angle to show you Marcus yeah well our
vlog setup of today it's cool right so
the whole vlog is gonna be shot on that
iPhone so we're gonna test and see how
go to the new iPhone 7 I like it of
course you do it's real light than
Hannah to carry out yeah continue with
this stuff you're doing ok so yeah
we're gonna remove the and then
maybe the boxes that are actually mine
so I should do it yeah you got it got a
poop ball yeah I do
hey Marley I think it's tired from
yesterday oh we have this zoom on this
one ah I can zoom in found a sock on a
sock yeah where are the rest of my socks
where is everything else the only thing
I can find is this shirt and this sweaty
shirt that I used yesterday everything
else is somehow magically gone because
we cleaned up the place when Riley had
this new buyer coming to look at it but
now I look through the whole house and I
can't find anything mission number 2
chuni switch no no don't steal my sock
again Walker there should we give him
water before you go yeah probably
oh man you sure
vegan dog owner I love dogs but I've
never like been responsible for maybe
not too much so they pee for gone by
Marlin by Walker we have arrived
yes because we realized since we're
shooting the whole day on the iPhone I
know that drone fly they have a bunch of
drones and Gimbels and stuff so I wanted
to go see if we can put a gimbal on the
air phone hey yeah hey Marquez for
estimate yes me too
sseriously sure that is the case that
case that would be a problem like even
for us being absolutely crazy that would
be an issue we work your jasm the
awesomo gimbal for the phone oh yeah
because we're shooting our whole blog
today on the iPhone okay to see how that
7 yeah oh man
yeah we just really managed to get it
house assuming on that thing incredible
is it actually it's a much better camera
for sure and so we're testing it today
and then we figure that if you guys have
the gimbal then maybe well how exciting
how could we mount that to this yes we
need some aerial shots
now we're talking unity 7 yeah strapped
down like the way they think that way we
can have an ice cyclone 7 blog with
aerial shots have you ever seen that I
phone seven drone before I no no that
should be affirmed
thank you see it today first iPhone 7
drone very light nimble you can just
carry it around for your daily vlog so
yeah no problem so this is basically the
smallest iPhone 7 drone you can have
smaller yeah yeah for sure that best for
travel
Mord acted this is cool you and Moretti
units tapes it we've taped your phone on
with gaff tape it looks really good and
stable so you bought these yesterday
this is gonna stay on right well do is
it one I think you should go one more
how do I know where it's gonna like
focus on stuff we don't we've had a lot
of like unique ideas since we started
vlogging I'd say this is the most unique
one well how else you're gonna fly the
iPhone and that is if you reach the
photo button yeah video it's recording
Frank no hi
my iphone oh no no I'm figuring out what
one of us drops oh my god I'm so excited
to see the footage
that's an iPhone on there
excited about how sick this mega drone
is and then I want one you're on the
video blog see you soon my man later
well we are gonna move on I need to buy
a new deodorant because I ran out why
that's the only thing I know I need to
do yeah let's go then but thanks for
helping us with the stupid ideas from
flying yeah thanks nice to see you again
we'll try to nice to meet you and with
you guys tomorrow yeah cool yeah and if
anyone needs drone stuff you have drone
flight info in the description below
yeah or don't go on cuz that might get
expensive
Nova thanks a million dollars yes I love
ideas like that done we're like locals
here now we don't even need navigation
we are but I do need to figure out where
to park with this make a trunk I think
I'm doing some pretty bad parking jobs
here and there
yeah antiperspirant 24-48 hours black
and white filter clear perfect this soft
knee you know come on
Snickers Twix
I'm just buying this to Riley as a
gesture of thank you for letting us stay
there you think so
must buy - you mean must buy - sorry
Riley
sorry riving special deep I want to get
our sugar free yeah grab that a figure
on the other - okay let's go bitch house
yes feeding the dogs yeah they need food
I'm getting real good at like the dog
sitting and then ice Walker and then
Marley gets a mix mmm yes like special
treatment she's lucky he's lucky
look I can take care of dogs do you want
to get dogs cause I want dogs today or
my dad always had dogs but I've never I
don't think I've ever fed up you know
you get the point you give him but I
never like okay made the food yeah well
I don't know if you can call this making
the hood
still no he's eating the other dog food
hey food Welker stop it
Marley doesn't get any food but but now
what do I do now
I don't know think Marley is still angry
come on Gibby's butt how much should I
get morally now so I don't give him
much look at the same there you go now
stay away from walkers we get Chris
Gracie Joe Walker no you gotta throw up
now because you stole the whole day on
explicit that is karma
are you sure he gave them enough yeah
okay
please seem real hungry let's all chill
right now her party's over
Riley's home Hey
oh sure I was work did you get extreme
hard and dirty yeah we got real extreme
table weight loads excited what'd you
guys do we flew the new Apple iPhone 7
throw it's real light and nimble it's a
bit of a prototype so what is wrong yeah
it's real like light and perfect yeah
it's good for travel it has this like
nice case Oso suitcase yeah no but we
have thought we we must drove the iPhone
all day what we did have a problem with
though is that we we forgot to shoot a
bunch of stuff because when you have a
camera on the table it reminds you to
shoot stuff where's this one no one's
always there yeah yeah so a couple if
the story line today is a bit weird on
places it's because we forgot we had a
vlog because we didn't have a cat fault
bad a camera but not a big online round
yeah quality's good huh I shot a few
things today and I was like like zooming
in on the on the camera on video is
unbelievable
so clear no we had fun with it but well
I haven't seen that much it will see
tomorrow how that thing looks now you
see but I say before we should end the
vlog today here but before we do that we
got a lot of requests about doing a Q&A
you okay are you cool yeah cool
so if you have questions about Riley who
he is what it does but whatever you can
think of yeah it is up in the comment
section I know that the jackets gonna
come up so maybe I'll give you oldest
clothes or my jackets from because
everyone in the world wants to know my
jackets and my clothes
yeah oh that's perfect yeah hit us up
with questions and I hope you guys
enjoyed this I fall vlog for ya hasn't
changed to our big camera yeah it was
fun I enjoyed it
we have me too I don't with a change yes
but that said we'll see you guys
tomorrow and yeah good night good night
