kill the PUD
ah so today is like fixing the house day
every day is fixing the house day but
especially today and first mission
completed
yes completed this is a cool surah yeah
the only problem is when I seal this
surf gear and makes me really want to
surf like every day all day long and I'm
trying to my back felt good surfing
yesterday actually was fantastic well
yeah you wanted
we're here because Marcus wanted
flip-flops yeah and I'm gonna check out
sunglasses you know the first thing I do
if I had a house in LA I would have a
ton of walls like me like I've always
had houses with a ton of skis in them
but for me life goals garage like yours
with just for success yeah how do you
get a deep feel good in the football yes
I'm reading comments since I always read
comments and I think Riley we need to be
better role models I see 1 million
comments on that we are terrible role
models using our cell phones while
driving and when I was using my
yesterday it was strictly as a
navigation tool like a GPS and I figure
that a GPS here is allowed so GPS in my
hand should be allowed but apparently I
was misinformed and you shouldn't do
that so I'm sorry we're not gonna use
this more I'm gonna get a hint like one
of those attachments now cuz I like to
obey by the rules you know how I loose
stuff everywhere all the time sunglasses
cameras wallets everything I own yeah
we have a bag but isn't that great like
with an extra lens and like we need to
get douche bags to make one of these I
feel like girls are lucky they have
purses where they have all their stuff
and they don't need to have pockets that
are full which is annoying when it's hot
out but now I have my member so next up
what's the next up yeah right I want to
go to the Apple store and see that
there's no iPhone attempt triggers not
maybe going to target because I might
get stuff at the house pretty much -
yeah I would pay double price for an
iPhone because I had iPhone 7 because I
have had a broken screen for 150 since
we met I actually saw a comment like why
in the world does you have a pink iPhone
you can honest I don't care what color
it is this is this is what's funny
though is that he doesn't care what
color his iPhone is it's a pink one but
everything else he's all about the way
it looks in color in what iPhone you
don't give a I never said that my
mind makes any sense I'm gonna jump in
that line to find out and they'll let
you find out if that's guys in charge of
product inventory so what you're doing
is you're telling him what you want
he's gonna tell you if we have it or not
if we do have it you come back together
later so it fits your first iPhone line
mewn it is a 100% my first iPhone line I
come up this much hope of getting one me
too what do you think percent less I
have a 90% chance of getting that and so
do you think Mary D I don't want the
first one what's the difference between
7 and 7 plus 7 is this sized oh that the
tiny one 7 plus is your size yes this is
not of interest from yet it feels like a
credit card 7 plus the 7 plus I only
have rise in once we
no unlock whatsoever well if you
purchased a verizon phone full price yet
it is unlocked perfect you want to do it
yeah that is what I call a success ah
you don't have them yet we're supposed
to come back here at 2:00 and pick them
up it's now one so it feels too good to
be true that we just walked up and we're
able to buy that of course we can so you
got what you wanted and I got what I
wanted
we hope we did
I'm heard about this place yeah we got
45 minutes until we can pick up the
iPhones so let's make sure that writing
is quick
you
hope they don't run out that we're
locked in
I never trust being locked down
we got it you know I said I wouldn't
feel like we got him before we actually
did but here we are we got exactly what
we wanted and apparently these were the
only two left now we got the two last my
black plus seven so I'm real excited I
did not expect this waking up and now I
can get rid of my apparently not so cool
pink phone that has a cracked screen yes
so what a good day yeah you had to say
line though nuts interesting I I don't
think I've ever stayed in line to buy
anything like that and I lines are the
worst thing I know in the history of the
world but I think this was worth it so
we got three phones
yeah and just because they had two left
I - bye - so I guess Yanni got one as a
bonus either way let's go home yes
cool and
got the new life
here I love brown boxes on a porch it
looks like we double scored Jeff a knife
it is us finally getting the blue
douchebags mmm
which means that they are available that
means that when this video is online it
means that these are available cool
god this color so much better than the
sample version that I have been testing
the darker it's way nicer right that is
the best part about having a company is
that when you work a long time on new
product and then they finally show up
love the blue color Alucard oh what a
good day iPhones and new douchebag so
these will be available in do spice calm
yes link in the description below um
check it out cuz I know a lot of people
have been asking when can I buy them and
well today I get them and today you guys
can buy them cool and I get new bag yeah
exciting yeah even more exciting let's
set up the new boom I was more excited
about this cuz I've been working on for
a long time yeah I get it
but I guess you're more excited about
the phone yes god I'm real happy and
that Riley gets to clean all that up
yeah that's all Riley how do you like it
well I have only turned it on and
tricked Einstein so far okay
but I think it's good let's try it out
it's it's supposed to have the new
insane sake amazing camera how about
this how about we go out and we we
pretend that we are pro photographers
with this to see what we can accomplish
perfect I mean like I usually I never
shoot photos with iPhones but that was
kind of the reason why I wanted this we
can learn something from Riley cuz he's
a good i phone photographer see we'll
see yeah partly I a little high and some
photos hi perfect that way I was going
to suggest that I need a bit of exercise
but then we can do a little hike shoot
the photos and kill two birds with one
stone
yes
come on let's go is he gonna bring his
car he always tries to drop it drop it
like it's hard to explain on video what
the temperature is but it is as warm as
the crazy space is 105 degrees right
unimportant oh yeah oh just on anaphor
okay all right let's go
look at the view though I know and it
actually looks like the iPhone is
picking up a lot of it cool and it's
real warm but yeah and that means since
we're shooting we should probably show
how this works so here's a couple photos
from the iPhone 7 plus I gotta say I'm
pretty impressed
you
not bad right like way better than I'm
used to with iPhones
I think Yanni's gonna be super happy
because she loves using her iPhone as a
camera for Instagram yeah I still like
big cameras though but it's good to have
in handy yeah let's go home yeah let's
go home and like go to an
air-conditioned room yeah Riley went up
you know what are you up for a challenge
yeah it's gone the complete opposite of
anything we ever do okay how about we
should tomorrow's vlog only on the
iPhone 7 plus I'm in I'm up to doing
this can do yeah I'm in I mean okay so
it might be the worst log ever but let's
see tomorrow it'll be a fun challenge
perfect Riley we're gonna shoot
tomorrow's vlog on the iPhone got it
it's the last 10 meters buddy you can
write come on Marnie everybody root for
money in the comment section
come on it's just up there he always
gives up guys why Marley come on come on
you can do it come on come come come on
good boy Marley later think that the
sign is getting late I know but before
we end it should right just give you a
little info in here it's what I got from
the package okay and I'm not allowed to
say anything else besides the fact that
on the 27th we are going to New York to
do a presentation of whatever is in here
and that is why we're in the States
I'm really interested I'm really bad at
being so secretive I just also want to
show everything but but at least now you
can kind of like we're in the States to
do some stuff with this and to do a
presentation in New York and it's gonna
be beyond awesome yes but we should
practice then it's vlog now before I
turn this around my shoulder doesn't
matter we'll have to do that yes so
we'll see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna do
whatever Martin Lee does because that
looks real nice
