5:43 come on sky god so last night the
power in the whole neighborhood what
happened
so no powerful computer and about four
internet so we're going to go to
Starbucks that try to do it with you
again again this block of line cuz you
can't edit a video blog without power
know that stuff people become
disenchanted with a nuclear power plant
we're sucking not every center dedicated
idiot the fire go to Starbucks that's
true
let's go but I like morning but this
like a little early I agree we talked
about commitment yesterday it's so dark
I can't see where the cameras but yeah
we are committed to try to get this life
if we are good think I guess how much I
see up that way look flashing it's
cool in there there Craig that look
there's the construction that is cutting
the power to everything douchebags
yeah total douche best making us get up
at 5:30 to go to Starbucks to edit the
video and then still appeal it without
load yes should have gotten up 4:30 even
there's no pen doesn't know you're right
and I don't even need to be here I'm
just meant a mental support
hello Starbucks so the video should be
online in 1 hour and eight minutes how
long do you think it it it depends on
the internet but I need 35 minutes to
edit so it could be possible funny story
we only have like huge
kakaw yes thank you for the editor yes
thank you
like what are the odds first power shuts
down in the entire area I still not back
up so we go to Starbucks till the
editing and then the internet here is
mega slow so now I've been driving
around to other coffee shops and doing a
speed test on the i-5 and they're all
horrible things like four days to upload
anything yeah and we have 38 minutes
left of export so Riley is calling the
power company to see when they think
that the cars gonna come back on for now
we are stuck here this is the best
dinner that we have even though it's
like sweet and I'm an IT so I just
talked to our company
and editing like
that is a long oh yeah we were
discussing earlier how much I love delay
and how much I've like consider moving
here but you've gotta work on the
internet getting out on the front and a
car charger so now we can bring the
computer park outside our friends houses
out of town okay let's go what a great
morning really like an aggressive
driving air so this is not working out
no we could throw 20 million she won't
connect and sees apartment yeah our
suppose should be right in our window
okay now we tried to computer standing
on the roof and still nothing nope on to
the next one so here we are linking
brightest friends up hey hey I'm Marcus
I started first name in our lives which
is I'm tired what we would call a rough
morning we are now well wait five yeah 5
hours since we first started trying to
get this online ok yes and we're at 52%
and the battery on the Q is getting low
so yeah we have now we have battery in
these but yeah camera batteries real low
I really off the powers back at the
house when we get back and hoist we're
gonna have a process 10 a.m. that's
another nine minutes cross my fingers
and we are back to normal life again
whose battery is charged and the mind in
the right place
well I'd say we're still slightly
retarded but we did make it to Hollywood
and we're here to pick up a little
package yes exciting yeah can you tell
me anything about it
no of course not you can tell me
something we are picking up the package
that we're going to shoot a commercial
with later on this week weekend so this
is basically the reason why we
I went to New York University well
that's the reason we're in the States so
finally getting the package is going to
sleep make me sleep better she's been a
bit delayed in the lamp yeah so that
there we go
you gotta move God like I'm swing yeah
it's your fault parking like in front of
his parking yeah but I was out of there
like I was in there 30 seconds chill but
either way we got the package I feel
like a drug smuggler like get the
pockets run we got what we came for
and let's just say that there are some
exciting weeks ahead yeah like insane
very exciting but now we have a couple
exciting hours with traffic I don't
understand how Riley does does it with
traffic every single day yeah I was just
thinking about it like I would really
love to live here then you get on the
405 and you're like yeah I don't know
kind of bosses what do you think um I
mean I've sort of semi lived here ten
years ago I had a car has a 71 El Camino
with surfboards and skis in the back oh
cool so I have kind of sort of lived
here at that point I didn't think
traffic was really a problem but it I
think it's like a matter of getting used
to I love Ali I mean I love surfing and
I think it's cool like all the
restaurants everything you have around
LA is one of the few places I would
consider moving full-time the one big
downside is the traffic cuz I mean
everything else besides like whether
it's like every day it's nice yellow
it's warm but not too warm you can go
hiking like yesterday hiking out that
was just sick and go ski and surfing the
same day I've heard yep you can surf in
the morning and I go skiing there's a
lot of things about LA that are epic and
I I mean it's one of the places that I
consider like could this be my home in
the future yeah
that was Ryland yeah we received
back up here what's going on going off
depot Home Depot I gotta get another one
of these I'm a plumber too
multitasker so so then we have an idea
when you're done being a plumber we
should go to the beach yeah you say that
oh yeah Marcus has never seen the LA
Beach yeah yeah well then we will wait
at home and we come home we just said to
the beach yeah but fictel and by the way
we got the package we have the package
tomorrow we can show you when you get
home I'm doing this tomorrow
hahaha I was just going cuz I thought
you guys were gonna be a while okay
that's okay so he's basically not going
to Home Depot anyway though cuz we got
the package
sorry that we're teasing about the
package but that's shot that shows
excitement yeah yes and we will tell you
guys very soon yeah what it is they were
shooing and dealing and what we're doing
here basically yeah nothing so fun
though screw Home Depot going
home okay bring out the package so let
that camera off you guys will be used to
your use I'm not wearing a wet suit
yeah I'll California not use the warm
water so fine I haven't lived this weed
in a long time so I think I'll go with
us what would a trip to the beach in
California beach without supports boring
look we have to you know the mount mount
you have the kind of go promote you see
on pro surfers getting barreled be
gnarly but I mounted it upside down
do you want to see how what Pro looks in
the water remember when you had that
Hawaiian d'Arnaud and you couldn't
breathe you're truly good until you
cross and there's a little I don't think
you're going to worry about a very
intense crash are you excited Markus I'm
really excited I love surfing you know I
think this is gonna be a lot better
surfing than Bali actually think so a
lot more peaceful not craziness
happening everywhere it was no craziness
in Bali now I'm so I controlled it's
probably gonna be a smallest surfing can
be we are here it is just jump in the
water enjoy the sunset and hopefully see
Marcus shred in another way that's my
goal to see you shred okay I'm gonna put
this on we'll see you guys that in the
water
Oh
Oh
ah
look at these cooks see yes rip them
yeah team Costco boards but these aren't
cool
no they're really cool I loved it up
there I suck so bad I know we were out
there we're talking mark is like you
know whatever really caught away but I
kind of want to move to California
anyway yeah imagine doing this every
night hey California looks good on you
Marcus yeah yeah I think you're done I
mean we've been talking about it all day
like pros and cons of California every
time I come I feel like I want to move
here well that's a pretty good sign the
night there you shouldn't have sold your
house as for me you just be productive
in traffic you use your computer in your
phone everything you're not allowed to
do and you make sure to have friends
that live within places that you don't
need to kill yourself on traffic with
exactly so if I get the house next to
you don't work out and then we can just
drive down to the beach which isn't bad
I had a Devo but it's and the video line
weight really quickly in the drone shots
I think I found a house you good bye
I'll see it oh yeah well look at that
look but would I agree let's then
because I'm kind of getting cold
me too you know I prefer liking yourself
obviously let's see what tonight
