good morning I got a text from Marcus at
2:30 a.m. asking me what kind of coffee
we want it and I just felt too bad so me
and Riley took a little morning drive to
get coffee cuz that wouldn't be nice to
Marcus and we're a team we're always a
team getting stuff done and three
breakfast burritos
and we are good to go three unknown two
coffees two juice three juices three
bagel yeah
burritos and one shaky hand kind of
forgot how to do the selfie cam thing
good morning good morning did you enjoy
your four fructose burrito yes a frito
breakfast burrito thank you guys that's
good I saw your text and I'm like I
can't make Marcus even though you did
loose a go-kart I can't make you go to
the coffee shop that early when you go
to bed late I'm a morning person anyway
yes what's in there oh hey from sitting
in the Sun no it's like from it's like a
white is it you're sure like that I
don't know I never lay on it you don't
know well I'm on the first day of like I
walked outside like Oh perfect works
book you really want to lay in the
hammock don't you look let me look at it
like why wouldn't you hammock and like
palm trees and dogs crates for a very
relaxing atmosphere yes but that is
about the change we got to go to Venice
and go to a meeting we got to go on the
405 Oh
again if you come back after three
o'clock you're okay so that means
great quick meeting quick meeting yet oh
we're going all American today yes for
pickup truck by dogs what did you say
I'm saying this is like the perfect film
car look at all the space and like
putting stuff and and we can have Yanni
and everybody and and it's American very
important when you're in America that
you do what Americans do last time you
were here though I let you take the Audi
the rs5 yeah that one that's fun more
European I feel almost a bit scared
driving a mega truck like this yeah how
do I look in this
you're clicking American yeah I'll pull
it off yeah
anything I should like do differently to
fit in better no all right let's some
country music well no one how to be an
American with you and Olson I'm not good
at that but we will see it a couple
hours we'll be back short yeah I'm gonna
do some stuff around here and then call
me when you're on your way back
perfecto perfect sweet smiles let's feel
sure I think it's actually really cool
it is cool but you gotta buckle up sorry
always safety first yes no I really like
it
I mean big cars are nice but I don't
like parking garages it feels like I'm
gonna hit every single one of these
concrete pillars in this big-ass
American trunk I like sports cars you
don't hit anything uh but I think if
we've gotten this far I think we're good
highways yeah
visitor visitor yeah I'm a visitor now
where do we go it's so huge I loved it
me too so are we gonna say anything
about this meeting yeah basically we are
here in Venice pretty close to LAX
because we are having a YouTube meeting
we want to be youtubers hold on the
reason that we won't have a YouTube
meeting is because we have been shooting
videos for 150 something days in a row
and I feel like we're just shooting
videos and we would like to learn more
about sort of the YouTube phenomenon in
the community and how to how to be real
youtubers yes because we are just
content creators we like to do videos
and film and stuff but it's good to know
learn more how YouTube works yes and I'm
not an expert in YouTube me neither
I know how to put car videos on YouTube
and vlogs that I'm kind of almost
learned that hey this solution
answer the lane or cartels I'll meet you
meet you hey no nice to meet you guys
market I'm not going man yeah
oh thank you fellas and stay in touch by
I mean imagine that you're doing
something every day and you're pretty
new at it
and you don't you don't have too many
people to ask how to do your job yes and
it was really good to sit down for a
couple hours and get a lot of
suggestions on what we're doing YouTube
bison what we're doing good like what we
can do better it was overall like as we
said yesterday I feel like my brains
overheating but was a very good meeting
yeah it was perfect for us to do but we
got to do now is jump in the car because
that freeway is filling up fast so yeah
great meeting great start to the day
do you remember the one thing Riley told
us before leaving if you come back after
3 o'clock you're and when did we
leave 3:30 and what's happened
well basically you leave after 3:00 you
will be stuck in traffic on the 405 and
we are stuck in traffic on the 405 yes
so yes we had such a good meeting that
it was like we knew the time was running
away from us but I'm like I will rather
sit in traffic then sort of skip out on
the meeting yes so totally worth it but
since we are stuck in traffic I wanted
to bring up a reverse question session
I've thought of this for a while and I
want to switch things around today I
want to be the one that asks you guys
all the questions because we thought of
this for a while so we try to break it
down a little to make it easier to get
better answers yes and the first
question we have is where do you enjoy
the blog's vlogs the most do you like it
when we're Norway in Marbella and Monaco
in LA New York what places do you like
the most
and why do you like them more than
others yes do you like big cities or
tropical or yeah what do you enjoy
seeing places nice and also
do people want us to stay at each place
yeah that'd be great to know should we
move every single day every fifth day
every ten days or three six months yeah
I would stay in LA for six months I love
it here number two so second thing
that'd be great to know would be what
you guys appreciate to watch while we go
to all these places I mean when you go
to LA there's a million things you can
do and for us it's super interesting to
know what you guys appreciate the most
like do you want us to go to a real
American football game or do you want us
to go surfing alone or yeah I mean of
course a variety is always the best but
it's great to know sort of the main
things do you think are the most
interesting to watch and number three
number three is presentation we would
love to know what you guys think of the
balance we have on music slow motion
talking should there be more music
Beauty shots and cool cool stuff like
that more talking
more really think of the balance that
would be awesome for us to know it would
also be great to know do you want us to
like capture what we're doing or do you
also appreciate sort of hearing what we
think in our thoughts and analyzing
things it's great to know to kind of get
a feel for what you appreciate yeah if
you want to hear my thoughts you'll
probably go crazy but you want to hear a
little better or like are we fine
without him um yeah but basically in
general anything you guys can think of
that will help us create better vlogs
would be super appreciated for sure so
please comment below and say what you
think and something that would make our
lives what easier is if you see a
comment that you agree on and you like
make sure to like that comment so we get
a few cup top comments because the fewer
comments we have the easier it is for us
to kind of understand what you're
thinking yes
and I was getting really bummed because
you have increased the speed by a lot
yeah
how long this car like it I do like it I
love the fact that when you get out of
it you like jump down and we now know
everything there is to know about how to
be good at YouTube good Alan great me
it's about time you can somehow some
what you want to do yeah for sure
I'll she goes soon the work is hard I'm
ready
hey you're not are you and it's cool
guys Marley's more my style
yeah Molly's chilling
another successful flight
yeah and landing yeah it's cool up here
but I think with the Sun setting it's
time to end the video blog for today it
is but before we do that I realized that
we've been asking you guys about YouTube
we said we went to YouTube and all this
and we figured we would just end with
our sort of general tips on how to
create a good YouTube channel okay
putting away experts but we can at least
say mention a couple things we think are
have helped us yep get to where we are
now um the first thing I would say is
commitment and I think that's the same
with everything in life that if you want
to get good at something you got to
commit I mean Chris downer and although
I'm pretty sure he played a lot of
football and he lived his life playing
football yeah I think the more you
commit thinks the better you're gonna be
I mean it doesn't mean that you need to
buy drones and cameras and stuff but
just generally committing and learning
everything you can learn about it yeah
number two um number two uniqueness yep
why do I always have to ask you I'm
exactly uniqueness I think asks with
everything if you do the same thing as
everyone else then it's hard to stand
out and it's hard to do something that a
lot of people will notice yeah so I
think trying to figure out how to be
different and unique which is really
hard on YouTube considering there's so
much content out there but I think we're
trying as much as we can to find your
own way and try to yeah create something
that's different out there and then
number three I would say is find
something that you like and same thing
goes I would say everything in life you
can work with something you like you're
going to be more passionate you're going
to care more you're going to learn more
your fun doing it and if you have fun
doing it
then you are probably getting it better
at it I loved skiing by more than anyone
and I think that's why I got good at it
yeah and now I love filming and doing
what we do now and there's so much to
learn and I love to challenge about it
yes like now it's real windy for example
so we'll see how that works out here
with the song ah but I think with that
um I think we should end today I mean
those are the things we have learned to
try to create success on YouTube we
don't consider we we're really happy
where we are but we always want to do
better
yes so with that that was an epic end to
a Dale table yeah yeah from the
beautiful mountains of California Altima
adios
now goodbye and good night that's what
we say in America all of our work
