one two two and three and we have
breakfast good morning by the way you
totally forgot
yeah we just got some breakfast to go at
peddlers fork because we're gonna jump
in the car and drive around Alea bunch
or sit in traffic a bunch yeah it's like
what you doing I let you sit in traffic
and you eat burritos yeah yeah and just
chill in the car hang out boys will be
boys toys will be bought today boys will
be boys even more will be no boys I'll
be super nerds today boys will not be
appreciated by girlfriends today no
Nikki counts no nope but we will have a
lot of fun
have you ever been so excited about a
sign in your life you know what this
reminds me of um Oakley like Oakley the
sunglass brand started red and I used to
work with Oakley way back in the day so
we're always it's down here in in LA the
headquarters and Oakley always have
these crazy like office buildings and
now you can see that the same people
started reading Oakland weird weird
stuff so this is red digital cinema
visitor parking only yes and we're
visitors we are visitors we're gonna
keep it real quick but we thought that
we would come here and check out a
couple things so we can actually let
this whole camera thing go once and for
all so I think Johnny and you guys would
appreciate that I think if there's one
building in the world that Yanni would
not want to talk about it be this
building this building has stolen like
weeks of our lives in way too many
dinner conversations have been based
about this building as opposed to normal
girl things that want to hear about they
get very mad so we're trying to do our
girls a favor by going here now and that
way you know get it over with done yes
but I am excited to be here I don't
think this is getting anything done I
think this is going to do nothing but
make things worse it can't get work
all we're gonna say is that okay first
of all we didn't get to film anything
because we weren't allowed my brain
hurts yeah we got a nice factory tour
being able to see where some of the best
cameras in the world are produced so of
course a lot of secret stuff so we
weren't able to film but we had a
kick-ass meeting and we're gonna shoot
on the Leica for a bit and then we'll
see what happens let's just leave it at
that
and then continue with all day and don't
bore you guys with camera at a long time
you can see the cool sign that's all you
can see yeah and also you can see the LA
traffic yes which we love so much we're
gonna get it yeah this is your first
time experience and how it is to move
around in LA and I love it
that's why Reilly is really good at
driving and talking on a cell phone I
can't do that I'm not good at it but
Raleigh is an expert on it cause he
knows it's all the time
yep I stole some chocolate yeah I was
just gonna say I'm real hungry yeah well
I was thinking maybe like more okay food
thank you Mike I want to eat a red
sensor right now I saw right now I'm
gonna spend an extra $10,000 good oh
you're gonna get something that's worth
30 420 yeah I told you yesterday Riley
like I was gonna say I'm gonna do that
again than McDonald's yeah for some
reason I don't want to film us eating
McDonald's even if we do eat it
sometimes because I don't want to
promote that stuff no but sometimes
you're just so hungry that you don't
have an option you just go for it but in
California there's always in and out
burger it's a girl it's left where they
go like shopping when they're stressed
we go eat it up yeah
line two two days in a row see it's you
guys forced me to go here we have
chocolate for dinner time you can blame
it on me it's totally fun but then I got
the milkshake then the extra dressing
because I am a person that does not know
how to do anything like halfway it is
either like 6000 percent or no percent
at all so now whether we're eating fast
food we're going to eat the milkshake
and one of the teeth that's the thing
with fast food it feels like the best
idea ever and then when you're done you
realize that maybe that wasn't the best
plan yeah
Oh finally out of the car
welcome to la and the 405 highway my
legs are tired from sitting in the car
yeah that was quite a bit of traffic yep
and then we were like kinda bored and
we're saying like we should just fly the
drone out of the sunroof and then we
realized that we forgot the memory card
and we were laughing at Reilly last
night when he forgot the memory card so
now when we have the memory card here
we're gonna just take off and log some
flying time
so
are you getting cool shots yeah it's so
fun to be out in LA where we can play
around again yeah I love it
what do you think of a late first time
here I love la la compared to New York
it's like it can't be compared la it so
much cool la beats New York like LA I
want to live New York I don't want to
miss it I don't think you know how to
land that thing on the ground Oh God
so what are we gonna do boys we're gonna
go go-karting that's for sure we just
need to figure out a punishment for
whoever loses okay any suggestions my
suggestion was whoever loses has to buy
coffee for everyone the rest of the week
what time though as early as that person
wakes up yet no the other people wake up
so if I wake up at 6:00 and I say I want
coffee you have to make Marcus up if he
loses go get in my truck and drive to
coffee and get us coffee I'm like that
or sure I have everything to lose since
I don't drink coffee since you don't
drink I can either win the race and
don't get anything or I can lose and get
to coffee to you guys and also on the
last one in bed but if you don't lose
we'll get you a breakfast burrito and
we'll have coffee nothing to a thing is
that better what do you think coffee or
this is Riley's brother Reed by the way
all right we're pretty sometimes you're
bad and he's you're losing people yeah
but then if you're Ian you have to get
up and get in your car so or is it
really Reid has more to lose yeah no no
I noticed turn his phone off but we
would have to bring you coffee phew it
exactly so does everybody gets coffee
are just winner everybody so if you lose
you have to pick ie coffee and bring it
to my mom's house areolas and I have
nothing to gain like literally nothing
to gain what do you I told you a
breakfast burrito okay fine
breakfast burrito the question is do you
want to gamble or do you wanna I'm
all-in think about the cause I'm all-in
I don't care
you feel that it's game on
yeah I don't want to lose and don't mean
either look ready guys come on you look
rich
I am Renan what about me do I look ready
yeah all right
so basic rules whoever has the fastest
lap well slowest lap loses fast Loveland
okay m4 rule okay let's do it so between
that I have to bring him coffee as well
yeah only if he's at the house if he's
not the house you have to give him come
here all lined up and then read wove his
hand and we all went I'm all pissed me
the Racing's way more funny when you win
but it was how about we just end the
video blog here before we say something
stupid or regret okay I'm a much worse
loser than I thought at one point - okay
yeah I just like one one sugar in my
coffee just remember that okay
I'll come breathe with you I feel like
we do too because I want to watch it
happen I feel like we lost as a team we
did he seem to soccer yeah either way hi
my name's Bennett lost in one way or
another it's good read
I want to but it was a lovely afternoon
yeah okay
Joe we'll see you guys tomorrow we got
to figure out how to challenge these
guys on something we're going to win on
yes
