it is closing in I feel like every time
we have a vlog we're looking for
Hoover's yes and there's a million
nervous in New York City but they never
they keep canceling your trips but
anyway we are trying to get an uber
because we are gonna go see the the Red
Bull headquarters in New York cool I'm
excited we're gonna get you a bunch of
Red Bull yes every and maybe get me a
couple more hats so uh now we're gonna
go check it out never been to the
headquarters here some kind of excited
come on
is it a - you're the camera it is a tilt
the camera every you Bree this city is a
camera huh I'm sorry did I say 100% all
the time I realized that I saw common
that use favorite word is a hundred
percent so now every time I say I think
about that comment come on camera
thank you oh it's warm but it's not as
warm as the last couple days yeah that's
perfect
and I'm starting to learn where things
are in New York City Oh
which is nice yes because then you can
kind of like plan your your day cuz you
know where things are so you don't plan
one thing like way up there and when you
down here and all right thanks so much
must be 218 up to 28
vodkas that's it or not so it's been a
lot of parties here last couple anymore
yes please so Marcus how you can pick
whatever you want the biggest orange
orange yes I'm always sure we enjoy as
you can tell yeah we just started dating
this set up so we walk around 24/7 with
that so I have six batteries in my
backpack it's not the smartest we just
you love trying to push the boundaries
of what you can do if you can actually
produce a 4k read blog everything you
shoot a video every day you get it find
different things to do otherwise it's
like a lavinia yeah it's like if you're
a month in the same place you're like I
did that yesterday I see what we have a
nice way I have a dry intent so I'm
usually limited to magic - actually
that's cool yeah that's good we have a
match I have an extra I'm like for some
reason I forgot oh my I left on like
everything I own in marv a up what the
Monaco and then I just realized I don't
have anything I need I need this like as
an art piece for my face in my place is
your commission set one and we're going
to try to limit ourselves no no the more
redbull the better yes always whatever
mark is really tired he's like I just
want to pour redbull in my eyes and my
gun it absorbs quicker yeah that's what
I heard it's a good trick I've tried it
rappelling your iron and your Nelson in
your ears yeah or maybe recommended for
me do not take recommendations from Marc
just tip the whole fridge over liquor so
that Marcus that's all you need until
tomorrow morning
thanks nice to meet you get you hot dog
before we go home
yes all right let's find a hot dog and
then we're gonna go to Barry's boot camp
and work out with the girls and have two
chicken mac you know I love heroes
ah
Oh
yeah yeah the hotel has two entrances so
thanks so much for the ride no fun man
come quick too
let's eat and drink we actually have
time mom we're not that stressed let's
read some comments
all we can do is comment to these
comments have any idea for today's
comment take one off your phone right
now
okay just give me two seconds yeah you
got one I got four okay okay first one
is your hat turning yellow from sweat
marks and no I don't think so
it's just a bit off yellow from the
start but that was why I wanted to get
another an additional half from Red Bull
yeah but I had to check that it wasn't
turning yellow from set marks okay umm
christendom this was actually a question
for me I added one how long did it take
to upload the 4k video on YouTube it
took 14 minutes about 14 minutes to
upload 4k video so this Internet is
crazy how long did it take to export the
video about 4 hours 4 hours and it's 5
gigabytes in total size 5 gigabyte
alright enough to take mumbo jumbo a
very relevant question why are you guys
not find the drone here in New York
because I mean a lot of people watch KC
nice tidy places thrown everywhere and
the you probably wonder why we don't and
the reasons that we would love to fly
every single second but as far as I've
understood all the regulations you are
not allowed to fly in New York City and
we are just too afraid to fly because so
you're not allowed and we are not as
badass as KC but we try to respect the
rules a bit more I wish we didn't
because it'd be fun to fly but which is
scared of getting busted basically for
something we're not allowed to do yes
good answer
yes so yeah that's why we're if we're
not flying at me it's only because we
are not allowed to fly and we try to be
smart with it because I I get so sad
when people
added me and stuff like that so yeah
those are for question do you have any
questions hmm can we can we get yes I
think we should eat because then we have
various bootcamp training in 30 minutes
okay perfect
even just for YouTube yes but then what
we'll just do it we'll just get a shot
here saying that we're here we're going
to work out and then we'll see we're
shooting the whole day so then we'll
just say that we see them when we come
up and down Fred life can go two ways
tomorrow either my back is broken or we
made huge progress it was kind of like a
mix of the rehab stuff I did for my knee
injury and like super cardio it was like
me 15 girls and one other guy you're
like tripping I was sweating so badly
there's it was pretty sweet actually
awesome like Barry's boot camp
yeah mostly girls but really good
training I say we grab a shower and then
we'll be right back when were more clean
and we are clean a fresh again not all
sweaty from Barry's boot camp
go ahead we are actually over there Ike
hey fellow youtuber yeah we figure that
we are youtubers 100% 24 hours a day we
never meet youtubers so it's nice to
hang out with someone that knows that
you can discuss whatever we're always
thinking it's so cool we actually got
the me in person yeah it's really nice
yes so you can check out Eric's blog
description or or corner - I'm like
retarded with corners and stuff like
that you can check it out there and
probably get a better experience with
New York City because you air clips
there so you know the city a lot better
than
I live in New York my girlfriend and I
make travel vlogs and almost daily I
feel like you I do Monday through Friday
just life in New York City and I've been
traveling a lot I can go into
Switzerland and then Africa maybe on
this earth - yeah they've got the surf
trip yeah what else is coming on the
surf trip that's cool it's been a lot of
interest we put out yeah we put out the
surf trip yesterday and we've been
bombarded with MLS shoot a vlog every
day and see if it's worth it okay so one
thing we both have agreed on is that
doing the vlog every day it's a lot of
work even though it it's sweet to travel
it's a lot of work as well a lot of you
guys watching you know you see us in New
York City and yet by the river or
traveling you don't see these two or
myself at two o'clock in the morning
putting together a blog I'll blow the
next day
I like it we got a lot of work supports
and wisdom I think we really need to go
guys see we're so weak we just enjoy
talking about it that's the thing if I
don't have to go so Franco's we need to
go crazy
you putting awesome lime yeah and
there's some here in New York while
we're coming back in a week then we
should go to the top
and Yanni is back I'm back yes our legs
start yes yeah mine are mega tired I
feel like I maxed out and do squats okay
good but now we're gonna do a more
mellow activity
really
and I look such like such a good
photographer yes okay we got to put
these things with honey they're cool
there's two or three pictures from now
you
you
pretty cool right oh I was real psyched
behind the camera but what we're going
to do now is that we are going to end
today slowly because tomorrow we are
flying to amine Marcus or fly to LA and
yannis theme here in New York so we
don't know when we're going to see each
other next time so I say that we should
spend the night together
filming it looks it will some guys
tomorrow
we will be off to Los Angeles alright
we'll see you guys tomorrow but stop
saying so yeah
