do you guys figure it out I think we're
going on a boat around the whole of
whole island of Manhattan because now
we've been in Manhattan for a few days
so I figured that it was time to see
Manhattan from from the outside so we're
going on a architectural tour in one of
these cool old boats so we get to learn
more about the city and I can't think of
a better way to start the day are you
excited I'm a hot super excited the
older I get the more I love history and
architect that kind of stuff yeah so
yeah a hundred percent excited let's do
it
there's
I'm joking I'm resting your rekha yes
we're really like you know we're just
got a new mic you heard the speaker when
and noise everywhere okay so it's not
making it easy for us I don't know that
I'm kind of the person that expresses a
lot like work so getting on a boat rune
a PowerPC I'm too relaxed we're doing
ours and now and for my brain needs time
as I can't function a full day of no
speeding and then I die the older I get
the more I want to be this time yeah
like when I was young on like who cares
at the building and also if you have
talked a lot about architecture in the
last come layer yeah no me not like I
just like learning great on every day
when I can learn something it's a good
day
it look like a real tour I support yeah
the awesome you look like a tourist
today with a camera strapped to the math
them okay so I guess we're Whittier
share arresting professionals or if
things are doing it right yeah you have
a cameraman a map plan
mm-hmm
you
we're back on land again sorry that was
there wasn't that much talking on there
we had a guy was giving us information
the whole time it is we didn't want to
interrupt um all the employee was giving
but it was freezing off thank you thank
you hope you got some good shots yeah
we're super fun to see everything and
learn more about all the details this is
good now I feel like I know more about
New York
I understand Manhattan where things are
do you want to get your picture taken as
well um now I'm good I'm a rock watcher
today I'm gonna stand by photographer
for the whole week so it's great that
Michaela came into town and that way she
can bang out all the pictures Mikey
let's chill with willow right without
you such a good dog and no ho if you
never get off camera Yannick hey so got
a bunch well it's pretty dark God on our
way here we go we got some blur
here we go
Seana okay Oh beautiful
ah yes come alright I say we head back
to the hotel and we are back at the
hotel and we are actually here with some
pretty interesting news for those of you
who like to travel and like to surf
together with ex travel I have put
together a surf trip and if there's
enough interest we are going to take a
boat and go to the Maldives for 10 days
total of 12 spots on the boat so if you
do like surfing and you want to come
with us on a surf trip check out the
link in the description below and
hopefully we get enough people together
and we can all go to the Maldives and go
surfing on a boat
I've been before and it was the best
trip of my life so check it out I hope
your answer you know just come hang out
with me Marcus yeah I'm excited
Anshu drones and like surf and I'm
really excited to what we do yes and we
try to find this nice place without too
many people and then a for civil group
came by yeah but that is life for the
daily lives oh yes but what we going to
do now is that we are going to get
physical because we have been looking at
stuff all day so now it's time for me to
break a sweat and actually get strong I
know I said would get active but I just
felt that we had to show our really
nicely matching couple style today
like how much of a douchebag do I look
like no we're gonna go work out Young's
going to go to a fashion event so now we
should go and actually get working out
have fun
and boy we will see you in a couple
hours yeah don't be late honey letter
last one
yes ah that's a good place to work out
with that I mean look at that it doesn't
get any better it us semi now we've seen
all up in hand we're guns answer learnt
the ton of stuff and we get to work out
and you got to wear your Central Park
t-shirt I'd even think about the fact
that a century yeah so I'm totally
fitting in yes but with that said I
think that yeah it's been a great day so
we are gonna end it today because we
have shot more than a terabyte of
footage today yes
and it's gonna edit we're both good at
it I'm going on a subway buy sandwiches
and then we'll just bang it out
yeah well Yanni's out doing fashion
stuff yes so we'll see you guys tomorrow
for new adventures yes I gotta do a
couple more push-ups girls yeah see you
later okay bye
