Oh kind of feeling like Casey Neistat
here in New York on the Hudson River
logging in the morning the big camera
said oh I'm missing is a big furry mic
in a booster board so nice to get in the
morning though get some exercise before
the day starts
five more to go oh one more oh good
Oh ah I feel so good to work out a bit
again yeah I'm just trying to do things
that are kind of mellow for my body just
to get started and I think it feels
better good your whole body wakes up but
kind of helps protect the back oh I love
stir in the morning like that meat oh
now we can continue with the nice walk
and look at skyscrapers yeah good job on
your end - you're like sporty spice tie
ribbon
how's about its nicest morning starters
you can get right yeah I love this the
early jetlag life is the best life holy
grab to go Wendy I know what happened it
was so nice this morning but it's pretty
nice don't you think
still nice yeah so tell us more are we
gonna do we're going for brunch with my
friends call the fashion friend yeah
would be nice
so Marcus was actually up all night
playing with red footage so I told them
Marcus you need to get some sleep sober
on a little suit yeah yeah so we're on a
solo mission here for the first part of
the day finally all right thanks so much
we hear I always feel so lost on all the
events we go three
seven three three seven so where they
are there thank you doesn't feel like
party brunch I don't know maybe up the
stairs hey no I don't know where else
stands now that looks delicious
that's right yes me very happy I'm
hungry Marcus you should have not been
editing all night this looks delicious
yeah sorry for being late on the vlog
today we had a slow hard drive which
made exporting and working with 6k files
a bit slow
we're learning though so it's going to
be it's going to be okay fine I hope
you're fine with it
yeah
yeah
this is your vlog yeah I was enjoying
filming you yeah but how would lunch
lunch with encore yeah blur the best
part was that it was nice and quiet with
a great view great food and lots of
friends that's that we haven't seen in a
while
hey it was really nice oh cool I guess
that means that we should move on and do
more things I think we are going to a
store yes to check that out and never go
in for a nap nap for a fashion show I
think me and Marcus might hit up B&H out
here if you're napping
sleep on the spot the sofa yeah see
every good clothing store should have a
sofa my good camera stores should have a
surplus well yeah I did it right a great
sofa and they do it here as well yeah I
love it and we're having another one of
those nice days where we're chilling
we're walking around me or looking at
cabs and buildings and yeah it's just
really nice
do you want to go and grab and look at
this
what a cool store super cool I have to
find the bar it is constantly over
searching in this town
what's the registration number he's
coming the other way
why nuts go home and check how mark is
doing good morning good morning
it was strange vlogging by myself I
loved the filming part but it's like we
have to set up that work so well yeah
I'm excited to see what you what you
feel I was that was trying to be you I
was like what would Marcus do that look
not a fat it ain't yeah cuz we still
have this yeah and the six gay files is
like oh we're having having a good day
how's your day just starting you guys
follow me ah
we're shooting a daily vlog ah I get to
be a part of it yeah this is a hundred
percent that's the the best things about
being in the States
that people talk on camera in Europe if
you have a camera then everybody
everybody camera shy yeah and this is
the first time where we are able to
experience the city and not stress
around definitely I hear you man there's
always things to do too much 200 that's
what we're trying to like really for
pace down all right Marcus thank you so
much right and thanks for all the tips
and all thank you so much care man good
luck alright thank you so much have a
good day YouTube so do you have a plan
this time free nature actually have a
plan this time we are going to go and
get ourselves a external mic for the
we haven't bought a red camera yet what
I really want to so we're going to do
that check out a couple other things but
yeah we're going to keep it tight have a
plan and leave and like not stay here
for six hours we could literally be in
here for the whole day but I think you
guys already know that high up so quick
and easy a secret of the last one we are
the last customers here sorry that there
is no videotaping also appreciate you so
much okay your seats thank you thank you
the last one out yeah like we probably
ought to tell us four times you guys got
to leave now but now we have a tripod
for when we want to shoot skiing or
surfing hard drive to make rent editing
new workable and an external like for
guts out regular camera Hoover like the
fastest
you grab the camera and I think we are
going to say good night from New York
tonight had another amazing David
tomorrow I kind of want to do some other
stuff I want to try to get get on a boat
or a helicopter and like look at the
city from the outside so we will see you
guys tomorrow
I hope you guys enjoyed today bye
