how hard is it way to on
vegan place on Instagram that looks
pretty good though I'm sucking on the
manual focus today yeah it was a great
food place but it was so loud in there
yeah not enough my brain is just weird
but when it's loud it's like it's
bouncing in my brain we got to meet
there was great food yeah and on to
today's epic mission the red store in
New York yeah first time we're actually
going to try to hold the red and see we
think it's a really bad idea to make a
vlog on it I'm just a bad idea yeah
we found it oh god I'm not used to the
whole traffic thing in New York I feel
like I'm getting run over but yeah this
is going to be our first encounter with
a red camera in our hand trying to
figure out if we can go David vlog
interrupts interesting I don't think
anyone's gonna tell us it's a good idea
oh yeah yeah how you teach oh yeah I
call it hey Marcus that's me - yeah look
at this that's the Raven that's Mel wo
this is the word this could work how
does that feel wait voice for yeah
they're all life thou no problem at all
I love the screen but we're trying to
figure out battery solution because you
want to keep the body as light as
possible so right now battery here and
this would be the lightest I mean what
do you think you know cool do we look
like a logger I mean I realized what
everyone tells us that it's not smart to
vlog this when you walk around with this
to your back but on the other hand I
love it
if you got to push the boundaries to be
done like shooting if you go to the
grocery store with this your mad eyes
you're not mentally sane I mean I did
put ski boxes on Lambos so oh really
yeah cuz I wanted to bring skis when I
was your
when I had a sports car yeah and here we
want to have pool a quality for a vlog
so you got to make sacrifices yeah yeah
so let's take it let's take it and run
so but it's good to just hold it for a
little bit and see like you know you
here for ten seconds you I mean you
should really be spending three hours in
here figuring out what you think because
I hold the camera sometimes but you're
so the sinaloans is a huge lens we could
go with lots more of the lenses which
would make it up a lot lighter we could
go with us like this water badly but I
think the key would be to have the
battery attached to your belt and then
you walk around like this we try it
outside yeah do you think Yanni would
have left photos right now
yeah let's go outside all right I want
to see you rock around with that okay
bye guys so tell me how does it feel I
feel like I'm carrying an ISO cool
so we are now out here testing this red
camera and it is just crazy and probably
the stupidest idea we've ever had but I
really really love the idea I'm just
trying to figure out what Marcus says
cuz I mean he'll carry that battery in
the camera most of the time so when I go
see what he says alright three minutes
in what's the verdict the verdict this I
won't walk are you ready to commit yet
100% yeah like no question I like it
are you ready good to commit of course
that's the real question
the reason that we're not buying stuff
right now is because this is the
showroom and you can't buy this sort of
stuff at all this is so cool
please let's get one I'm game if you're
if you're as much of an idiot as I am to
walk around with that I'm going to be
the one who carries it so yes I mean
it's most important that your game I
mean I'm game like I look real important
shooting me like buying milk with that
and this is even with the cinemas which
is really up what you want to send
Lancer a normal life a normal ants or
like it's hard because the simulant is
so cool
so are you hooked yet yep
ready come on in I am the guy who has a
Lambo on a ski box on a Lambo why would
I not want to do a daily vlog on this
and the thing is do with how the weight
distribution is you would like I mean
we're on a hundred millimeter lens now
and you're almost steady I loved it so
much way better than I expected
yeah yeah got it hold on gonna take a
little bit of practice and a smaller
lens maybe I don't know I like okay I
think we gotta bring it back I don't
want to bring it back if it's just
picketing old but yeah this this is what
we needed we've done so much research
online but never held one yeah but I
think if we can sort of feel that it's
okay with this lens our lens is gonna be
money yes I keep walking around like
this hello you and how are you today
this is warm in New York if we could buy
it now the AMEX would bleed luckily we
are not allowed to take it oh it's so
good I mean look at this playground here
I can't think of anything that I'd
rather look at this makes Lambo seem
boring so we came here thinking that
shooting a daily vlog on a red was a bad
idea
it still is a terrible idea no I think
it's a good idea I'm changed like
totally yeah yeah I love it I mean you
got to be committed if we're doing it
yeah I'm committed were you thinking
looking at the computer Marcos let's get
long it's just like rent one tomorrow
yeah that's so cool I have not seen you
this excited in 150 something days since
we started working together I'm so happy
we can't buy this now and be sober
tonight
there they are
oh yeah era authorized read rent house
and offer as Reese are they sell our
gear to you can buy something maybe a
new lovely because I'm so excited and my
brain has absorbed about as much info as
it has in the last month and I'm really
excited that you were excited yeah we're
going to make one kick-ass vlog that
from now on but from the time we get
around yeah it was a good session yeah
it was sick getting to know everything
firsthand and now you guys have been
amazing we should probably leave you
guys in return to reality which is gonna
be hard
yeah don't return too fast no no welcome
hey we're on thanks so much guys
yeah all really a pleasure yeah of
course
thanks so much thank you so much for all
your help it so amazed on acetate too
like my Mobile's on there my email just
give me a shout do you guys need a hand
when you want to talk like if you get a
loan in for a little while and you want
it you've got some questions I can help
you set it all expire in our family good
luck and enjoy the read yeah
enjoy the read what come hang out for
like 4-5 hours tomorrow as well Oh oh my
god I'm tired yeah but that was like the
best four five four or five hours
depends I so fast I don't even know what
we film the last sound like do we have a
vlog today I only been screwed up you
wish
we must process we screwed up so like oh
did we film anything in their cell today
I think we filmed a bunch of random
things so I'm sorry if this vlog doesn't
make sense because we're vines for
somewhere else
and now we got hooked yeah Yanni's
leaving for a fashion show maybe we'll
get back there in time I just have a
dinner but also I want to thank the guys
flowers in here they are so nice that
they put up with us incredible yeah and
if anyone is ever in New York stumped by
the Reds the red star and just hang out
with the cool guys and look at camera
porn yeah but yeah should we walk or
grab a cab or crab cab Boober we need
like a sports string that's our tip your
own in the red store bring a six-pack of
Red Bull and a protein bar
it's exhausting Eddie thank you have a
nice day bye
there we are
- yeah we had so much fun yes you would
have hated like every second of it
sure the guys in there were the best
guys ever they I mean when is it five
hours to go since he left us I mean I've
been here for an hour I went to a
fashion show wasn't sucking traffic and
then have a seat back here again oops
probably like five six hours it was
probably good thing that you didn't come
yeah it was really fun yeah
you're leaving now unis been working the
manual focus on the scene Atlantis
okay so it's tired in the brain and I
think that's it for a cool day in New
York I think considering the fact you're
gonna play with all these red pots you
shot for the entire night I think the
sooner we end today the more alive
you'll be tomorrow yeah so I agree let's
end today you guys probably don't
understand how excited we are but we are
certain that with a bit of insanity we
can make even cooler vlogs so if you
think we should do it just hit the like
button and then we can kind of decide
whether seems like a popular idea uh
yeah we're going to be - real beef you
guys so that camera set up walking
around and it soaps oh well see you guys
tomorrow
I had the best time in a really long
time
me too
