and hello New York but it feels like
Bali it's like Bali temperature so long
but yeah we are in New York and we have
slept a little bit we didn't quite
figure out are launching situation
luckily there's jet LAG's manana got up
mega early and then Marcus stayed up and
took the bed when we sort of work in the
morning yeah so we did like a shift
sleeping thing you worked on for the
good but now we're all good so now we
got to go eat because it's been kind of
a rough night in the morning because we
were so disorganized yeah but now we're
gonna get our stuff under control and go
up lunch
thank you I'm just sitting here trying
to breathe to relax your stress it was
such a hectic morning like I was trying
to do a meeting in the lobby with on
skype as I wanted you to get swingy and
then they turn up the music side to go
outside then my computer died and then
the internet died and it was just really
hectic so I'm just trying to like wind
down again
and I think some pink lemonade
apparently world famous here and a
burger cleanse my body from stress yes
this drink
wanna lunch done Oh in the belly and
chill factor restored so nice now we can
enjoy New York
chaos
and like your travel to New York yeah I
was in the car and I was kind of
thinking that if I was watching this
vlog I would kind of wonder why in the
world did we travel to New York and I
think night one explained there's two
simple reasons one Yanni was going for
Fashion Week so great Greece and to come
hang out more with her number two since
my back does not allow me to do active
sporty stuff I'm kind of going crazy not
being able to do sports and train and do
the stuff I normally do so in order to
stay sane I feel like I have to travel
like every three or four days that's why
we went to New York in the first place
and also New York is in a place where
you can either cliff jump or ski I know
it's like a perfect place it's just
wanna walk around explore watch take
photos look at things and yes in that
way it's perfect dig in the music see
the means again no not over but we ended
up somehow with Yanni on some Fashion
Week thing it's a lots of ladies talk
about genes and
we're just hanging out being the weirdos
for two camera yeah it's kind of nice
we're just chillin yeah it's for one
they had like small meaning a new need
Oh nuts
yeah we should try to hit up more events
and get free food yes I want to try to
2015 you guys are a disgrace
fascinating yeah that looks impossible
you and run no fingers wouldn't be stuck
and there would not be any sort of
beautiful blonde everywhere what should
I write
zombie can you do it Palfrey like a
small palm
okay do it bigger yeah big okay make it
special
yes what would you do the camera no no I
would have a rock and a star rock a star
yeah since I'm a rock star you like that
I'm so funny today can you recognize my
phone in it you're always funny okay
thank you
here we go Paul
I love it she always wanted a palm-tree
tattoo but she hasn't quite gotten to it
so that was the good life you happy
happy yes good numbers Paul Paul treaty
and now dude let's do something even
more fun than something more for us yes
go get coffee no yeah we're going to the
iPhone like a vegetarian a vegan vegan
place knock knock 9 organic vegan place
we are off to B and H we've been online
I know every item the store has online
so coming here and actually missing it
get
and lots better the audience take your
photo is getting stretched out jogger
no no one's taking our picture okay
let's do it let's do P and H so how big
is the story you know
ever what is in here have you look at
all this like why don't we have a screen
like this an hour I really want to
screen on our like up imagine doing a
vlog of it see how we're talking double
mega through three full mega screens
I don't even know what cameras yeah but
not since I'm half blind this would be
great to get focus for me wow that's so
cool we should really get a screen they
close in an hour and 15 minutes and we
talked about whether we need to come
back or not I think we might need like
an hour and 15 minutes right here Oh
lenses why don't you get so excited
about this the cine lenses are really
big like compared to my hand
see this 14 is not a terrible idea
maybe we should do two like a walk
around first to see what the store bill
about and then like focus in on certain
areas yeah really have a strategy and
Sultan's here okay hold on is the owner
of the famous Batmobile and he is also
kind of a camera nerve cool
all right yeah he's here
this is Marcus hey Marcus nice to meet
you we just arrived to heaven we are not
going to get out of it we figured that
today is like scope the area out and
then come back and have like since our
pump should we check if we can trade in
the like mmm yeah cuz we never use that
to feel sad even thinking about it we
have a like MP Safari Edition um that we
don't use anymore so I'm looking at more
so yeah if it is possible I don't know
how that works here you have to go to
the trader in the farmer okay I was in
the building
yeah the entrance is on 34th Street I
think
yeah it's like I want the cinema looking
shot without the patience for it with
zero patience and an adult planet yeah I
don't like a cab window someone who's
very good at After Effects yeah I think
that should be motion graphics me hello
quick question I have a Leica Safari
that I am looking if I could trade in a
weekly pretty close by so we're probably
coming back for a bunch of other things
like saying look you have a full team
it's hard to me that's something we are
a full team Loie working for seven I
would like me to decide it is both we
look back at some fish out like ten
years ago I thought it's cool down to
memories and then we started making a
vlog and then it ended up being every
day not really planned for
nothing is ever plan for now so here we
are still shooting yeah and that brings
me over to my question what's the plan
well okay so we realize the store is way
too big for an hour so we're gonna maybe
go home and set some whatever game plan
what we should look at likes and lenses
alright so how about this how about we
end the vlog here today because we
didn't get much sleep yesterday and then
we'll come back with power tomorrow we
have rains that actually work yes and up
here a plan okay when we don't not sleep
yeah okay
all right guys tomorrow
