we've had one of those flying morning's
where nothing goes right first they
couldn't find our s dust in the States
then we were all separated across the
whole plane on all flights and then I
try to upgrade flights but that didn't
work either
then they gave us the wrong sandwich and
then we get stuck in security checks oh
but now we're ready to jump on this
flight fly to Frankfurt and then start
our travels towards the United States of
America yes let's do it
you're tired yes it's hard after all
your robots dancing yeah yes what's up
with that yeah you got never seen it in
five years that we've been together you
never done that I have never in my let
me see the robot again
no no come on I've never done the robot
do the robot and I'm never gonna do the
robot again but it just happened and I -
hundred and ten degrees so enjoy it
enjoy it while you can because it'll
never happen again
okay allowed to rewatch it then I just
felt like a robot because I'm so cold
but you're like oh so that's never a
little bit of the robot then going on
there have it no yeah no you and also
should not do robot that he shouldn't
dance at all let's just fly that's
flying we're good up now they just
started boarding let's go
you want to film a bit outside the
window I can always felt cool
you
welcome to Frankfort welcome to
Frankfort hopefully we're not late as
usual so we can chill for a bit
we are now seated together ah she that
lady was so nice yeah she was the way
she should be and I got his premium
premium economy all right yeah I mean it
wasn't for free but we have better seats
okay which is gonna be really nice
instead of being scattered it across the
back of the plane so first success of
the day do we have time to do today's
comment today's comment I think yeah we
yeah we have time because now we have
good seats so there we are must pay for
luggage what's it hard with the Sun and
everything over there yeah easier now
all right so tell me what's what's
today's common today's comment is
related to travel and make sense on
another day like today yes I'm smart you
know yeah so today's comment is how do
you travel with the drone yes so in the
past we've had that box that it comes in
which is not that handy so now we I can
show you
we found a much better setup state that
we packed the drone in this douche bag
which is funny because the douche bag
was developed a bunch of years ago and
with no drones in mind but this actually
fits perfectly and it's so much nicer
than having that big thing I don't know
why we didn't do this before so yeah and
this is where I have the the drone it
fits kind of perfect I have the like at
the bottom since it's heavy I have the
inflatable neck pillow here on the sides
I have chargers and like him it looks
like something sexual but it's a good
massage ok level the Chargers propellers
on the side hello propeller and then
apparently I had a lot of one euro bills
and a hard drive and then on the top I
have the noise concealing headphones I
have the baseball to roll on my back
from the airplane yeah
always an extra sweater with long arms
in case the planes are cold laptop on
the back here because normally when you
I was looking around to get one of those
drone bags but if you have a drone bag
it only carries your drone
and nothing else and that makes things a
bit difficult I'd say so this is like a
perfect compromise I can have all the
stuff I need and at the same time have a
smart drone solution so the answer to
the question is you travel with the
drone in the douche bag 30 liter hugger
exactly and it's why I like this bag
especially is because you can board late
and you fit this underneath the seat in
front of you which was really nice yeah
so I think we found a really good way to
have the drone around without having
that extra bag and also you got room for
some clothes yes I always want to stay
fresh so I have a nice shirt in case I
feel like any of that and extra socks
and enough for us to get on this plane
to the United States of America yeah
because I see that our line is starting
to shrink so we should probably get to
it perfect good time to bang out a
question though
even fine you finally got your seat
without seat in front of you that you've
been wanting so just I working together
so it's on it's so worth it
this is gonna make our trip way better
yes thank you ha let's go
I did something good it's hard to
high-five with the camera is it yeah
with that big lens okay see you all
right we'll see you in a bed this
you
sorry not an area that went by so fast
yeah I like ate slept woke up and we are
in New York
I know and when you flew from Bali last
week this feels like a domestic short
little flight yeah I think I need to sit
down how long do we have left like 30
minutes 15 eyes yeah for you
I love Yanni's gift to me that I'm
addicted
thank you
we have made it we made it to America
finally yeah we all got you we all got
our luggage now we just got to figure
out how to get to the city maybe an uber
I always used to take limos from the
airport because that was the only car
though take my skis did you yeah uh I
was always alone in a limo cuz I'll be
yellow couch from take them let's fight
well I want to get a coffee for you got
coffee and I got an uber got what a team
work yes let's go let's go I feel like
their trip really turned around
we have arrived we have arrived finally
well arrived and arrived we have arrived
to Yanni's hotel mean marcus we still
don't have a place to stay because we
haven't really hooked it yet who travels
to New York without any place to stay we
do but anyway you got plenty of time I
mean we're not sleeping for another few
hours team no problem so we're going to
try to maybe go online and find some
place to live we're really winning the
World Championship and on organized
travel I'm fine with sleeping on a bench
in a park
thank you
would you like the glass she want one
yeah yeah yeah sure I'm so not social I
mean when you get a welcome drink it's
always alcohol I don't even like
champagne but Jenner it was good right
it's good start to New York yeah this is
no problem you just stay all three here
yeah yeah shower no Mike your feet oh
there's a safe in the living room like
in political room really fit the bags
you know one of those when they climb
mountains they have ropes and they kind
of sleep like in a hammock on like a
cliff wall yeah we can put one of those
out the window cool I'm so in I know
this okay so the plan now is that I'm
gonna call a yani to pick up some stuff
for one of her fashion show and I'm
gonna chill in my new room
yes so you're gonna try to find us a
place to this
oh look Marcus what yeah a steamer
I love steamers yeah bringing a steamer
for need to steam my I cleaners I
brought my suit all wrinkly figure in
New York fried cleaning no then use this
yes humor okay so I like this okay we
can't paint on it you can do like this
you need to change because you need to
go anything up I need to keep your under
control
okay Marcus ton of camera any change
Oh Bonjour
puss it good it was nice I was shooting
photos of buildings oh I want to shoot
that was just about to say let's go out
and take some photos
oh it's about seven yeah I want to take
clothes oh I was thinking about you the
whole town like Marcus sort of love this
artsy stuff just shooting buildings can
we put it in right um yeah we can put it
in the middle on the epic but you can
assure it history shots cool but I just
found a new building I'm sure they're
awesome yeah but now really hungry
but a pan Mattel's I found the priest
and I texted you about I didn't get any
texts didn't you know texted you you can
read it like like for real prison and
it's one mile away
whatever you say figures out later we
gotta go eat okay we don't need to do
shoot me I'm a video blogging maybe yeah
I will end it and then we'll come back
tomorrow and see if we found a hotel
room what else we're gonna do New York
it's gonna be exciting to see where we
wake up tomorrow yeah it's been a long
day so we'll say yes goodnight goodnight
and goodbye from America
