good morning we're back again today with
full energy and all the deadlines met
and Don and life is good yes first
appointment of the day is that I am
going to go and try some Cairo therapy
which basically oh do we need no it
basically means it's a sauna but a - 130
degrees so it's an inverse than sauna it
basically it's a crazy sauna but right
about now that - 130 degrees sounds
pretty good cuz it is once again fumin
hot monocle yes let's go give me time to
come to normal temperature so so yeah
apparently the Cairo therapy is supposed
to be one of the things that can help my
back because I have an edema which
basically is like a water bubble in the
spine kind of mmm and this is one of the
own that and rest and I don't like the
rest about the rather try this no
guaranteed results but at least it's one
of the things that can work yes and I
can't wait behold like you walk out the
door and you're like oh I want to do it
as well that's so interesting 130
degrees cold
how does that feel like Norway normal
day in the ocean it's like summer in
Norway yes correct
it is Teddy come with us please thank
you Oh Mowgli it's a movie
defense sample who wait now infest
monitor men who females I can turn to
for the ski so now now some say no
vision not gonna watch should open even
already on that ago okay
I walk step on your phone when we wait I
don't tell on us
so the premier fuckin one I also was in
but it's balanced way is a computer town
plumbing to a minute to this music they
are businesses speak is it that one she
tested for three minutes
wait and it's really really cold with
some faucet mask sir so his way this is
scary
so I should do it - uh-huh
blurred lines with Robin Thicke that's
that's cool did you see it there yeah
Robin Thicke blurred lines yeah
in clumsily orefici right Sasuke I'm one
saw some degree Moskva some doing
alright okay trip up keep it up oh god
what family it always a little Saskia
muscles dude laughter to get women who
support us of power
it's you're all you see if I can move me
okay dance
I hope my French is good enough training
for this is okay
okay super zapatti
okay you don't to support we setup la
chapelle listen really cool I some
jungle cool awesome sister pal it wants
it gold
yeah but really cool yeah he got the
moves it was like the weirdest feeling
ever
but I loved it now sit for the hoodie on
my man
what's your finish king missin Christmas
yacht obvious lesson local system you
have to try next time I don't understand
anything
update me you've had like a 20 minutes
conversation uh French okay we're trying
to figure out if I should need okay
again tonight okay
I'm gonna see how things feel a little
bit but it was cool such a strange
feeling
okay so thumbs up super thumbs up
there's the coolest thing I've done in a
long time like your eyes are kind of
like sticking together and you feeling
you're stuck in a snowstorm when I'm um
cooled I like snowstorm some mountains
seem like the first minute bye guys cool
nice like knit and a half gets a big
hole two kids really this is really cool
did any dance yeah well I understand
what I know I don't dance
whenever and we had like a dance-off
well I need you to do something you can
keep way distract myself super okay
Yeltsin okay okay okay so much okay
messing up that's a good Julia that was
the coolest thing I'm in a long time
if you're AB entire you're going to wake
up
that's they told you it was addictive Oh
a super addictive um i'm officially now
so it's 55 euros a session which means
no more light guy just Kyra therapy
think zeros super cool oh yes I guess we
forgot to say to as well that we booked
tickets to New York tomorrow morning
last night Chris I wanted a hang out
more with Yanni
and since my back is not great yet we
might as well go to New York and like do
new Yorkish kind of stuff so we are
leaving tomorrow morning tomorrow
morning we're off to New York and I
still maybe haven't really realized that
we are off to New York tomorrow so this
is the Yacht Club in Monaco designed and
this wasn't here when I moved to Monaco
and this building last couple years
designed to look bit like a boat and
then you have all the crazy yachts you
see that little boat going out out you
lose perspective in Monaco and what's a
big boat and what's a small boat like
that's probably what a hundred feet
probably and then it's just looking tiny
here it's probably more than 100 feet
probably
you lose total perspective and the
Porsche is like it looks vagan yeah so
let's go home yeah
oh you know cool that was it you have to
try it's literally
there we go - aundre done in three
minutes - minus 110 but it was it was
like yeah then put tape on my nipples
and my scars I really had gloves and you
love it you just walk in you do it and
it was incredible
cool do I have one of the coolest things
I've tried but now see new pack made me
we just told the guys so we're going to
New York yeah last minute I won't hang
out more with you um so yeah should we
start biking as well yes cool well let's
try to pack so this is what you call
packing huh well I'm folding Italia no
we realized that women are Monaco for
almost a week and we have been on the
beach like six minutes
so before we pack we figure that we are
gonna just chill for a second and have
some beach time when chill yes
oh he's stealing your pizza go for it
first go for it
there's a big one what the fuck I'm out
yeah
don't leave I'm scared of birds oh my
god we have to go Marcus you got the
pizza yeah the bird ate your pizza I saw
it looked like a like a Pearl Harbor
uh-huh
they're guessing the pizza is gone yeah
go away okay I'm leaving wait for us
let's pack up and go home
oh wait how'd it go let's do it yeah
trying to figure out how to pack cuz I
don't know for be gone for four days or
like for weeks but strongly is real and
not optimized I think we're gonna
convert to the douche bag for the drone
because I hate traveling around with
this ass and then should we bring
jackets or shorts who knows I think we
just like pack stuff in and just go and
then we figure G chaos
how's it going uh my stuff is gone do I
have a lot of camera gear but like I
seriously have five pairs of boxers
that's all I find so things will do a
temporary packing and then we'll have to
do some shopping in New York yeah
because right now I'm struggling
I think I'm 80% done you're finally
finished
yeah sort of I almost had time to run a
meeting while he was so Markus is
packing up yeah
but yeah I feel like we have a bit more
under control yeah but during the
packing process where you see more info
on where we should go in the next couple
of weeks and now I have no idea what the
plan is but I know that yeah the only
thing we know is that we are going to
New York tomorrow and I have to take
this phone ok all yes so I'll be right
back
ok so you guys have done with the case
yeah we just finished up a little
couples cue a little it was really long
that was 29 minutes long yes um it was
like a therapy session talking to the
camera yeah you like that so that's
gonna yeah it's gonna be online we'll
post a link to that later once it's
online
yeah yes Sonia news channel either way I
got a suggestion for today's memory hmm
because I was looking through all your
private videos on the YouTube channel
and I found something very interesting
from a couple years ago I'm gonna know
how to make a bigger prize so this is a
video and if I'm allowed to show it from
a nightclub you ordered like a bathtub
Oh champagne I didn't know that meteors
now existed
do you remember I know which videos
you're talking about and it was one of
those days you know I've explained
before that I was kind of a royal idiot
when I was younger and I always went
all-in yeah so yeah I guess we can show
you guys but remember that you were
young I was young and I was having a lot
of fun and I was a Roy of idiot
you
I look back naked like warded idiot but
then on the other hand I thought you
were cool back then we had like a
hundred people that had a great time
that night yeah yeah well yeah there was
no spraying champagne every single drop
was drinked was it yeah you made the
world a better place I made the world a
more fun place to place at least that in
that room I might have looked like a
total tool but since we're doing
memories I guess it's okay to show old
stuff oh yeah I love duct tape I'm sure
you do 150 bottles later yes but I think
that yeah those days are gone but I'm
glad that we have it on video yeah but I
think with that we should probably end
the blog because we need to get our
stuff together since we booked a one-way
to New York tomorrow morning we don't
have a hotel room we don't have a
shuttle to the airport we don't have a
shuttle from the airport in New York and
we don't know how long we're staying or
where we going after so we need a couple
hours here to organize things so yeah
sounds good we'll see you guys tomorrow
and tomorrow we'll say good night but
tonight we will say Bon Jovi Adamo oh
well I love ya so far yeah that's like
the hardest part yeah I know if somebody
bothers no okay bye
