see who needs a tripod
morning
we're saying this morning we felt a
little tired we we were banging out
emails and working and then we're losing
we needed to bring some energy in the
morning to this vlog people say they a
big slap in the face
Oh though it's better does it feel as
cold outside jumping in was the worst
but I don't love this enough I mean we
could pretend it's warm since it's sunny
and like warm looking but now we're
awake and it's another sunny day in
Monaco
and it feels really good to be home just
like chill do laundry in the broken
laundry machine and eat a burrito it
works fine like you know I spend more
money on it I was just gonna say should
we make this like a daily morning
routine yep please know every day that
we're in Monaco this year we have to
jump in the water
yep every single day now it's on the
vlogs it can't be broken
whoa so good for the shower I'll jump in
the oven I wish there was waves though
like it Tuesday
huge session coming up no way yeah but
we will be still here she's there think
so
yeah but there's more yeah a travel
update staying here in Monaco until 13th
whatever date the 13th is yeah fine a
Canada week of heli skiing yes first
time in skiing foamy heli boarding for
Ortega of course long hair that's more
snowboard so that's gonna be epic with
CMH marine and go fly that big bird and
just run slopes up nut slopes but powder
all day oh yes so very good and then
Yanni's coming in tonight so we're gonna
pick her up at the airport it's good
luck feels under control I've been I've
been searching a lot for like that life
balance of how much distress how much to
enjoy things
come here today yesterday
Oh blah thank you found it Oh where was
it and that is kind of I don't know if
you understood what happened but you're
gonna be real creative put the camera in
the elevator and then press the button
and we just seep going up the ninth
floor third floor and all the sudden the
cameras gone where is that we risk it
all for you guys and now we're gonna
risk ourselves because we're gonna go we
thought it'd be a perfect day with a
mission yes we have this this and we're
gonna go to cons not all the way with
boards we're gonna take this to the
train station and then how far is it
from Khan central to your place 10 15 K
then we have 50 K angel day so it's
quite a bit we better get going relate
to the trade as usual watch out for the
train station
yesterday our that was about to like
crashing of that whole cafe
stenting no I really don't want to like
it yells at by the police - what a -
time but we were told on the sidewalk
you're okay yes we were on the sidewalk
the whole time and if I wasn't talking
much on the way here I was really
focused I love this thing it's frigging
thing this is my new favorite thing Oh
voila that was so quick I want to say
four minutes door to door oh that's the
most pleasant way to go to the train
station yeah and the thing is like when
I saw boards as always like ah those
real small wheels are better but now
this is on the boss I got to pick first
I took the big wheels nobody liked I
liked the big wheels because you still
have I feel like unless you're going
super crazy turns the big wheels are
just that's good I was feeling it on the
agent yeah I was just yeah magic right
how much battery lift 100% and we have
done 1.9 kilometer when you switch this
thing off it goes to zero so 1.9 so far
and 100% battery I have a feeling it's
not gonna say a hundred percent at the
end of this trip but now we're gonna
switch this thing off we remember we
remember 1.9
Jenny's here mom Betty trains rolling
next you real responsible you be a good
role model
settle welcome to
comes importantly that's not like insult
our French friend Benny these he is from
common nut comes everybody there's no s
don't say silent s come not comes I
loved the film festival accounts is so
beautiful Benny actually told me when he
what people ask where he's from he has
to say comes if people don't know where
it come it's extra energy red balloon
the Red Bull on and come up and 100%
battery so far
and apparently Benny says we have about
10 kilometers to Benny's place with
quite a bit of up to up hill and we read
online that the boosted range is roughly
11 kilometers on like perfect ideal flat
surfaces and we've already done two
kilometers but those ones are what's the
range we don't know the range they say
50 kilometers yeah but you that's like
saying a car last for forever which is
never true because that's like an ideal
driving mode and we don't like ideal
driving mode you could elect you know if
we like the fun mode so yeah let's go
and see explore come and see how far we
get hometown electric scary first done
in the traffic first electric skating
here nice we are like the French Riviera
as Casey Neistat yeah like come on we're
not in GT mode we go left
okay our vlog is here bye it's just
gonna be us riding these boards around
town oh can you hold my arm is tired
we cannot do anything
we can't really go much faster no it's
not Audubon okay so we are here at the
crew a set income that we're doing a
city tour on boards up here we have the
Film Festival building palais de
festival per year i've stayed there once
when I was in come partying it up with
the festival and I was too tired to go
on to Monaco okay great system is a yeah
well you thought focus the pizza red
light now it's just making sure you're
awake okay just testing
I love people commenting you're a
regular yeah you can talk to each other
better
that's important as a board front others
if it bends behind us the best tell me
fast mode get out from the boss why the
first mode makes it look 91% left what
about you 84% I'm not a very efficient
image before
this board is like the best means the
transportation ever we are now doing 40
kilometers per hour
all right we're going board swapping I'm
gonna go on this guy
Benny gets to go off-road I think that
one just needs to tighten the truck
because now on GT mode it's very very
very scary
so this is Benny's idea of a good little
test run to learn how to use these ports
this is the first time that we take
these more than 20 meters from our house
so since we left Monaco we have done let
me calculate I'll be right back in two
hours
11.1 kilometres total in total and that
is mostly unpassed mode and yes you can
see not ideal flat ground and how much a
person of very list now it says 60
percent but I don't know 60 yeah so then
now if we go down here we have oh yeah
for sure we could go to can I have to
say I'm impressed
but yeah mission accomplished we made it
to come in like the most fun that's like
more fun than a helicopter okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna I want to be honest when
I was flying through the roundabouts in
the traffic Jackie going back I'm like
oh yeah
so evolved this is not a paid promotion
oh we got two free boards last time
before we did the vlogs so we're not
we're just saying this is a fucking
freaking product
the actual reason we first started going
to Benny's place was that we had a
little bit of a box the barbells neutrik
been their lives the best and if you
want to get addicted to bars salty
peanut it is it'll make you Boris enough
food so don't eat too many and if you
can just back up the car I can just make
sure this is okay it's you done nothing
anymore in your space somehow they told
me that this was healthier and then
chips I would not have believed them mmm
okay we gotta go pick up your name at
the airport we're already late but she's
ends now perfect Airport three two one
I'm a bird today we're kind of parking
we have to jump in something we had fun
today
you did yeah something about a
skateboard did you go from come from
country station central up to Benny no
far was it oh you look cute with your
haircut yeah
because we were skateboarding in like 80
km/h
does this look like the worst idea
you've ever seen it's the best idea that
you see
don't drop it don't drop oh yeah you go
full speed now this is the problem you
meet any normal person would have said
no it's easier to just walk two times
the man spoke it but are idiots the
funny thing is I walked up with the
other to grab the bag and I thought on
the way down and like what if you put it
on the electric board I come out and I
see the Bene put him on the electric
board and both of us like that's a great
plan and here we are 30 minutes later
that's everything everything the boats
everything everything well that turned
out to be a little more than a mission I
thought you said looks like whoo I'm
super hungry super tired and it turns
out the skateboarding through a city
does take some energy so we're just
gonna say goodbye and the vog and you I
can't say hi Yonny she's really focused
on the food the food with you
so today we're gonna set a new world
record in quickest ending ever I'm just
gonna say ciao we had a freaking
fantastic day and it was really fun to
go risk my life with mr. Benny and it's
nice to have mrs. Yanni here okay I'm
done with my part anything nice to be
back guys
touch I see great great Bobby
