good morning good morning oh yeah we're
starting the day late we started
everything with like six hours of Skype
and phone calls and stuff but now we're
going to go and I've launched on the
beach with some the f hello youtubers
and yet today we're not the only guys
with cameras yeah it feels really good
it works yes oh that's nice let's do it
so we're gonna go have some need more
pizza yes please
you
you
chili yes please I don't know how hot it
is I don't care so we managed to stay
away from the pizza
yes so hard that's such a great trip
truffle burrata right there
good I prove all about it spicy the
chili how much should you put on and off
yeah I just shoot us an email if you
have any questions or need ideas what
absolutely yes nice to meet you guys oh
it's crazy warm like not even eat it's
too warm to eat but it was a nice lunch
it was nice to meet other people that
have cameras and you can talk about how
it is to run a vlog see you guys to
check out check out their blog up there
yes umm just nice super nice people but
now I say we go regroup and figure out
what we can do that includes something
that's colder than what it is right now
I'd agree so slight change of plans we
had planned to run around Monaco and do
a couple things today but then I had an
email with a deadline tomorrow morning
so that means that I have to spend the
whole day on the computer which means
that it's kind of a perfect time to run
a quick Q&A so that I can go back to
work and get my stuff done so I say we
get this Q&A started with a very
relevant question and that is why don't
you have a car in Monaco and the answer
to that is that I thought I would have
the Huracan here a long time ago but
that build is s all bills taken longer
than expected so as soon as that's done
then we'll have that here Monaco the
only promise there were three people now
with Marquez so we kind of need to
figure out a good solution unless we're
going to put Marcus in the ski box and I
guess we can follow that up with another
really relevant question and that is the
winter plans for this winter what's the
plan all surfing or a bit of skiing and
we've been actually working on that
quite a bit for the last few days try to
put together as many ski trips as
possible I think this year we are going
to try to do a lot more heli ski
and try to visit cool places rather than
sort of me training in a park to get
better on tricks so I'm gonna try to
explore a bit more and see cool places
but the goal is to have at least five
heli ski trips so it'll be a lot of
skiing we just gotta wait for that snow
to come next question is mark is a good
skier how are you gonna handle all the
powder and the helicopters Marcus I'm
gonna crush it I'm sure you will I have
no doubts and Marcus like he'll put that
steady cam and drone and everything and
just hammer down the mountain and then
we'll see how much of the drones left
when we get to the bottom no problem I
guess it's another ski question I keep
coming down there on the questions and
it's all ski stuff what is your favorite
trick this question actually has 45
likes so I guess it's a interesting
question my favorite trick is probably a
switch 540 I always love that trick and
do we show it yeah yeah we'll show
here's a switch five
I just love that trick so answer to that
since you're a Swedish athlete have you
ever met slapping Ibrahimovic I have
driven by sloth Don in a yellow
Lamborghini and he gave me the thumbs up
so I don't know if that counts I was
really proud at least but I didn't talk
to him I was really shy do you think
you'll do gumball 2017 we actually
haven't gotten that far in the planning
process and I think it would be really
fun to do it with a vlog because it'd be
real easy to create a billion hours of
content so I'm gonna try to look at the
schedule the route and everything and
figure it out but um I hope we are doing
it me too
no sleep you know my jungle skills I
know that you can survive without sleep
that I know 100% um is there any rare
pokemons in Monaco I don't know Marcus
I've never opened adapt or whatever it
is I don't know either the dog vs I
catch one of the video yeah the video oh
so no rare Pokemon said Monica I don't
know I saw Polly wrong this is all true
yeah question for me do you know what a
Pokemon is yeah it's like a little
cartoonish thing yeah that's about what
I know about Pokemon I don't have time
for Pokemon people are funny in the
comment section yeah they're way funnier
than we are yeah well here's one that
just came in have you ever designed
camera cars for other people than
yourself I live in a small town in
Sweden and I saw an Audi a4 that was
coming flushed with your govt logo on
the side nerves yes how we actually made
50 camouflage unison Edition cars so
there's 50 cars rolling around and I get
a lot of text oh you're here you're here
but it's actually not me all the time in
the camel cars okay what is this thing
about the Christian Bale movies we
always talked about it but I don't know
why it's become a thing I guess we
started talking about Christian Bale
because when he's Batman he's really
dope it has this mansion and he drives
Lambo and he's really cool so then we
just said we wanted to watch her movie
with a cool guy in it and then Christian
Bale movies became our thing not that we
ever have time to watch a full movie but
we always try
what is the best place you've ever gone
surfing I would say the best surfing
I've ever had is in the Maldives we had
a boat trip there six seven years ago
and it was just simply incredible and
less people than most places I've gone
and we're kind of working on putting
together a trip there this fall so keep
an eye out here if you are a surfer and
you want to come on a fun trip nothing
set yet but might happen more
interesting what's that worse that place
you haven't gone surfing the worst place
I mean I've had some pretty bad surf in
Norway it was really cold and awful but
I think the worst surf I've ever had is
right out here and I think I think
there's video that if there is it's
going to come right now
we're walking out out of my building and
I'm going to try to go surf I've seen
the waves here but I've never actually
tried them we're gonna go try it out
you
you
Oh
really I guess it was kind of what I
expected that I expected it to be too
small
so even if we had her or not that was
the worst surf I've ever had I got
slammed in here and it was so cold they
didn't have wax on the board and it was
just awful since you're taking all the
photos around the world you should
upload them somewhere in full quality
and we've been talking about this that
when we take all the photos I should put
them on my blog and post all the photos
there so as soon as we have the time to
get that up and running I'll let you
guys know so you can check out all the
photos there but I agree we should post
the photos because we take so many good
ones I guess also relevant in vlog 100
we presented a plan throughout the whole
year and Michael is wondering what
happened to that plan and basically what
happened was my back and the TV show and
everything got messed up so we had a
plan and now we're trying to build a new
plan and basically we don't know where
we're going to be in two days so our
awesome plan just cracked in a million
pieces and now we're trying to build a
new plan hopefully an even better one um
how does it feel filming a vlog every
day I mean you must have a million
minutes of leftover footage and is it
hard to make a vlog every day some days
it's so fun and so easy to make a vlog
and some days like today when I got an
email saying I have to spend the rest of
the day on the computer it's not as easy
though but most of the time super fun
super easy but sometimes you got to get
creative hence the question session
today and now I'm looking at Yanni here
getting organized packing up she's
leaving in New York so I should probably
spend some time with her as well
there should just be 48 hours in date
yeah but I need to get on this and we
should probably figure out our schedule
if we should go to New York with Yanni
or a and the New York what are we gonna
do in New York I don't know like live in
B and H go go stop Casey Neistat no
you're gonna go to Fashion Week with me
um yeah we'll have to end it today and
then we'll be right back tomorrow flew
when I'm delivered this deadline should
we do a couple Q&A tomorrow might
yeah so if you guys have any questions
to us go to my blog link in the
description and we'll answer them
hosting I feeling your fault
I think Yanni's buying us dinner tonight
okay yeah go to Yanni's vlog hit us up
with comments and we will bang out a
couples Q&A yeah we'll see that later
ciao your whore
