Oh
you
guys the time is it what time it is now
it is go-kart redemption me beating
Marcus time I'm excited yeah we'll meet
you guys
yeah that would not be good if that
happens but yeah we're a whole group
we're gonna go to con and hit the
go-kart track again and see if we can
get faster but most of all for me to be
market since I won last time that's for
everyone who wants to know let's not
mention that what I meant
what's what's it all I meant okay what
did you punch what's up guys
you made me he made me addicted to ice
cream which one you want I don't know
now we eat ice cream like everything in
Jerry's Magnum caramel are nuts
thank you see we got to eat the same so
we have nothing to blame in terms of
weight distribute their friends me I
like that you're taking this so
seriously
which I am as well so it's more fun for
me when you're doing as well don't
pretend like the you out there I care
like so much but it's fun that you also
can't be poor but now we have everything
we need now we got to get there and get
this thing started
breakfast stealing more it took like
every single detour there was on the way
here okay we've seen all of France now
in the back backseat of this car it
makes like a go-kart round seem
comfortable yeah are you ready on it I
don't know you got your driver's outfit
on you after yeah
try to look that's a crow let's go book
ourselves sometimes thank you honey is
ready are you ready yeah I'm ready
I think I need a shower your carbon
fiber helmets yeah unfortunately the
helmet is bright not going to make me go
faster
Ian's probably gonna go faster than I
thought you're still gonna be the cool
professional rally driver Mickelson the
Red Bull pro rally driver I'm explaining
is what is the spokesman what is the
brakes a nice way attention to say this
way I was happy when I won't last time
you won yes lady but if I win today I
mean then you're gonna come on doing all
the Corsica instead of me okay is that a
deal
that's a deal yeah if sundress doesn't
win you have to walk back to not okay
okay haha okay you can stay away from me
all the time yeah you can be like you
team up against unreal we need to do
something a dog
so car looks perfect like that look good
yeah but copper like organized from
yesterday's fixing ready yeah I'm always
excited when you get to go go according
it's always a good day yeah this is the
only time where I might actually look
cooler than undress because I have a
carbon-fiber helmet this guy go mature
have fun you
how are we
he's the fastest one but that was no
fault of our group Yoon was number one
I'm walking home then and then our
session was okay now it's the rear one
but your second a grass
I got rissalah for you Marcus I'm number
three so I got to meet you oh I mean
there is a slightly press on the card
good boy know that he knows you're not
the challenge is the next strong well
really we should compare facing more
yeah have I beat Marcus at least and who
beats Andreas
okay so you had 19.2 Andreas had won
9.30 and I had won nine point eight but
yeah I got a bit of success today yes
last time he was just kicking my ass
yeah it was a lot of fun it's a hot
track right did you see that one point
where there's sand over the tire my
fault sorry I was trying to chase him
down yo bitch no the guy Lucas doc
almost crashed into me I was in the turn
and I got no no no the sound was not a
bottle with a Saturday not me no no one
wrong guy oh it was you I mean on this
barrel crashed into me and don't usually
can be sand everywhere no whoa sorry
with you nobody was in it the braking is
noted total the third lap you're already
doing 1:09 yeah
but my passage is that they are torn up
I was doing one sir so I actually did
worse following you under ass but we
were just missing about really
interesting with man pinion netting the
Shaw it was so organized today I love
now everything hanging sorry
hahahaha no no I never leave you hanging
if I see it the hand okay but Yanni did
good she was five seconds behind it's
just impressive really good and I didn't
see that's my girl she's actually a
fantastic driver like I will put her in
any car I own and just go to sleep not
to cling right after we started dating I
had to drive the Lambo from Monaco to
Munich and I was so tired like you mind
driving for a bit and I fall asleep but
I wake up her like Jasin tunes and left
playing just passing people at 180 I'm
like cool I like this girl yes you are
cool
you
okay okay we I'm surprised we're not
throwing off the track
basically that last one is great but it
was fun though
but time wise order is restored under us
absolutely when a looking here for other
Corsica done yes I could keep my drive
right yeah so 108 0 alright I was 108
nine and then you 109 - hey mayhem like
you're looking back you know this guy's
gonna hit you
you wanted hit me I wanted it you guys
so undress hit me we both spun you
passed us but then we are all about
touching larger see that was racing his
way better than time chase it be so much
fun
if you want to know what I'm hungry ask
us before I have a video that we can put
up there yeah because he's like good
like really good we'll see you next
weekend bye guys hi guys there and
thanks for not beating us too much god
that was so much fun like I usually
think things are fun but that was like
really really really fun I agree
didn't know a loss I'm kind of bummed
but on the other hand it was so much fun
the order is restored and they're
swinging I got to beat you and I had
more fun than I've had in a long time
spinning and going crazy everywhere so
much fun let's say we keep spinning -
monocle
see you later guys so we're back in
Monaco yes I love this time travel stuff
okay so let's get this all up an order
pizza yes I won't be I'm hungry I had so
much adrenaline driving because we were
just bunking each other that I'm so
hungry now yeah let's get food Pizza
yeah we're only two people's a lots of
food okay that's okay then we have
breakfast tomorrow as well it's gonna be
a party that's gonna be a pizza party
how many Pizza da did you order five but
while we wait for the pizza I guess we
can do today's memory yes and since we
are since we cannot a car go-cart day I
think today's memories perfect with this
epic activity within in New Zealand a
couple of years ago I'm not gonna say
where it is so check it out and enjoy
probably the most fun I've ever had
how's everything last not as nearly as I
like I fully pushed out on
bad plan I feel terrific Garmin
but I know something is ready
that was sick yeah I'm thinking ah a
little nervous about all the glass
shards so we got protective lenses on
the things unique new safety wear so I
think we're good do I
Wow
and I couldn't see anything up there
dude I totally missed I like went and
grabbed on the steering wheel my hand
just like blows right by it how cool is
that so cool that was a lot of fun that
would be the worst thing I could ever do
with my back I wish I was snare
yeah we got to do it again Penelope tezi
hello no sign yeah plus I put some zip
that song Boop - Sam good we have a true
pizza party yeah
this one does not look good
that's green I'd say we say good night
okay so okay well okay Bonnie no no no
that's like for city self yea well
jhonny bonsoir day it was funny down I'm
not gonna try hello is gonna say ciao
anyway
