ready yes good morning today I felt like
I wanted to start the vlog by talking
about motivation because I think
motivation is a very very interesting
subject and it's something that I've
seen a lot of comments in regards to so
this morning when I open my computer at
7 a.m. on a Saturday I kind of started
thinking like what is it that motivates
me every single day with everything I do
and I think it's pretty interesting to
sort of analyze why I do what I do and
the conclusion kind of that I have in
terms of motivation and why I open my
computer and start working is it's not
about making money it's not about
gaining success and fame or anything
like that it is simply because if I
start working early and I feel that I
work as hard as I can
I feel good about myself I feel that I
do everything I can in order to be as
good as I can on everything I do and I
feel like that's really sort of what
motivates me I just enjoy the feeling of
knowing that I try my hardest in
everything I do you work for the right
reasons
you're you don't work to make more money
and stuff like that of course that is an
effect of hard work but I think
generally starting in the right end is
going to make work way more fun and I
really think that makes a huge
difference
so basically kind of just random
thoughts but when I sat down in the
morning and I started working I and I
was really excited I just started
thinking so I wanted to just share my
morning thoughts on what drives me to
work as much as I do I mean a lot of
people think we just do YouTube videos
but when we are not in front of the
camera we are usually working hard and I
mean it's the same thing with Yanni I
was on the computer at 7:00 this morning
and that was probably an hour after
Yanni was jet-lagged so I think and you
know same with Marc you seize up all
night editing and I think all of us we
are just really motivated and I think
we're all motivated to do good work
because we like the feeling of the fact
that we are trying hard we're doing our
best and I think that drives all of us
in a similar way so that's today's come
door well I guess that was just a random
like morning motivational speech because
I think it's uh it's an interesting
thing what actually motivates you
because it's not that it's not the
dollars or the euros and fame or success
or anything like that wouldn't get me
going in the morning it's just that
feeling of doing your best in everything
you do so with that said I think we can
start doing other things I just wanted
to say hello in camera you know share my
thoughts so another comment that's not
today's common either is I've seen
people asking us why don't we have a
strap on the like a queue and the reason
that we usually don't have it is because
when we want to put it on the gimm bolt
then the straps are in the way and now I
want to put it on the in bolt but it's a
really annoying process to take it on
and off so I really need to get like a
quick release for it because it is nice
to have a strap but I also like to play
with the gimbal I hope that explains why
we're running around holding expensive
cameras outside of the boat without
straps really stupid I need to go pay
the MRI bill because I forgot to bring a
wallet yesterday okay so I'm going to go
for a little mission and pay for that
Eadie's unhuman li hot here in monaco
today but it was really nice to go and
pay for the I'm alright which I forgot
to do and get some groceries again
so I feel like we've accomplished
something but now it's time to get back
home and keep organizing our lives get
stuff under control at all I think
something has arrived yeah I think we
have a package and I think we want to
open it because I think I know what it
is video yes of course
do you want to hold this thing yes see
so it's from United screen United
screens which is our YouTube network and
I'm thinking maybe it's one of those
buttons you think so
let's see um I guess it is sort of the
same but it's from United screens hmm
100 subscribers 1000 you got 100
subscribers
yeah like 150 thousand ago yeah good
thing we're at - where are we through 30
to 40 now as something like that
thanks guys thank you that it's going
that quick
our first to word us youtubers yeah
let's go for another one let's go for
the million 1 million everyone who is
not subscribed click Subscribe yeah help
us out here click that subscribe button
so we can get like that gold button yes
really want it so one of the things you
want but you can't buy yeah and I
promise if we get 1 million within a
year no within this year ok if we get 1
million before the end of 2016 I'm gonna
going buy a Rolls Royce and put a ski
box on it
no you're getting through that I always
wanted to do that so so yeah go
subscribe you want to see me roll around
and tell all your friends and family in
a grand Monde your cat so I want to see
a Rolls Royce with a ski box the
camouflage Rolls Royce with the ski box
is a promise you saw
breath we are destra yoni go away
so yeah promise of today exciting news
Donnie inspired me it's time to take
organizing to a new level
yes cuz we have 9 gazillion cables and
electronics and we're gonna sort the
mountain throw away it was six years old
yep ah you know what I found no see
that's a good thing about organizing
cleaning you find good things what is it
roll your back roll okay
see I knew it was good because this is
basically probably the best thing I can
do to help my glutes relax and that's
gonna help my back so already this
cleaning mission is a success get all
the stuff out and get organized
we are done already I always feel like I
have no iPhone cables now I know are
they I phone cables when Laura honey
made of line 7 I phone calls but I just
realize we have a couple more there but
yeah huge progress because now our all
our cables and GoPro stuff are in order
and we you know as well where it is yes
which is perfect so that way we're all
synced where do we put some eight iPhone
cables
does it hurt o.o so one of the benefits
today was that i found this thing
there's nothing better than a baseball
and as the doctor said i need to release
my muscles in order for the back to like
heal quicker yeah so i think is it so
painful though well speaking of back in
all this stuff today's comment i read a
comment that they were probably be
interesting to know we actually did when
you did break your back and I just
realized me a video that so we're going
to start by showing you what I did when
I broke my back in February or when I
got three fractures in my back
and so that's kind of what I did and
then everything was all fine and dandy a
I just had to rest eight weeks for the
thing to heal up and everything was good
and then I got more and more excited
throughout the summer and then I jumped
this cliff
and I know most you've seen it before
but for the ones that haven't that was
where I hurt my back again so two
different occasions one worse than the
other but still not perfect and I also
saw another comment that I should stop
complaining about my back but it's kind
of hard to have a vlog when you want to
do things you're not allowed to do
things and the only reason you can't do
is because your back is not good yeah so
I'm sorry for the ones that hate on me
for complaining but having a sore back
is bad since all I have to say about
that yes I think with that I'm gonna
punish myself a bit more with this ball
watch Johnny workout then we'll call it
a day
so aurevoir from the pier or whatever
you call this up let them all tell them
one thing you have to check out my vlog
from Bali which cause it's not a vlog
it's more like a summary of the trip
yeah which corner you can find it here
yes you always remember the right corner
oh wow wanna me shop by BOTS so I know
you guys might think that Yoon is
bluffing with the whole rolls-royce idea
but I can guarantee you that if we get
to a million before 2016 is over he's
gonna have to do it and he is a man of
his words so I suggested you all smash
that subscribe button now let's get your
million and get a rolls-royce with the
ski box cuz I really want that
