looking up the son Loki Loki I haven't
used this in years
ah that's much nicer Oh breakfast on the
balcony yeah I figured that we're way to
ban it like taking the time to eat
breakfast like sitting down we wake up
and we get to work
but having breakfast is an essential
part of the day yes we need food and I'm
so bad at eating breakfast for me like a
coffee that's all I need but then you
don't get good energy throughout the day
that's true
not enough breakfast this is oh okay
you can never stop can you no I just
asked with everything all in goes and
when you start organizing papers and
everything I can't stop until it's 100%
perfected and I know what every little
receipt in every little boxes obsessed
so now we are organizing on the floor
yeah now I'm trying to figure out what
goes in there and what needs to be paid
and what I should ask what it means and
like organize it all really on 24
minutes 24 more minutes for the first
meeting so put that down focus on job
that is the third meeting of today fifth
or tenth that just keeps on going going
and going and going but we have exciting
news for the viewers do we yeah 4:30
have you forgot already
what do you yeah I'm all right yes yes
I'm getting an MRI for my back and last
time I got an MRI my back was broken so
fingers crossed everybody that it's not
broken today
yeah I'm really gonna say fingers
crossed that it's not broken this time
how we're late
now we're all know we're always late 22
past we got to find the place for the
MRI this Roman you're right
first Laura Laura thank you is it a
nightclub in there looks like one so
cool
I've never done the lamb or I yeah me
neither
cool with the colors she won't like you
gentle baby blue
oh wow that's a cool a few more not cool
thank you guys
okay finish everything it's okay for
these good the doctor will tell you
everything okay that's enough sounding
like I wish it did you like the colors
yeah colorful sound pull and we changed
it for you we got to me yeah just a big
pain sorry
yeah thank you so much okay no problem
sorry ten friends and you went outside
perfect
have a good day bye you too thank you
thank you right it's old the hell in
there is it well it feels like whatever
is wrong with you feels like that
machine fixes her you know just like
finds it yeah but they work both self
concealing ones ah I should rock your
own oh it's like here this is a honey
pot I'm like oh no it's peaceful well
yeah if you have them I'll get across
the polka can scale it so now we sit
down I'm waiting Jesus let's hope it's
not broken
no I hope it's broke it is that at least
they know something's wrong with monk
you have the program so first I have
three fractures in February five weeks
ago I jumped off a really high cliff but
we super twenty-something years say more
than three weeks ago five or six and
when I landed in the water my back went
like this so you could feel it rid like
okay so it was a little painful but then
it was not bad the second day and it's
been pretty much exactly the same now
for five weeks
normally the bone - normal aspect of the
bone is back
okay and you have some in the lower
barking the last the value of some part
where the bone is a little bit wide yeah
like here
yeah so it means that you are the
information in the bone yeah because of
the confusion yeah and the only thing
you can do is rest
there is no stretching to help sort of
really and do it we narrow because it
will not help you for the soft tissue
around for the muscle fatigue on our
part to relax that for the bone to make
the bony inflammation the way insomnia
register even use ash no yes for the
soft tissue massage can help thank you
so much I know itself I appreciate it
now I just have to dress the weight
exactly that's the difficult part yeah
so the conclusion is if I understood
everything correctly
it's a infection in the bone you furnish
information because of the impact which
basically means I just have to rest and
wait for it when I told the doctor I'd
rather have a broken bone because that
seems easier to understand yeah but then
you have to press to know yeah after I
left Caesar with a broken bone the rest
when you're just little intimated you
feel like you can do things so basically
all I can do is stretch and get massages
in order for the muscles to relax in
order to
these for the home to heal properly and
then destroy agency yep so now I know
and we got groceries yeah and finally a
sugar-free yes
but here's today's question yeah
how you guys ready yeah okay depends on
what it is people wonder what language
do we speak off-camera you speak English
all the time
no ok so setting things straight
Marcus is Norwegian we are Swedish
Swedish and Norwegian are pretty much
the same thing so off camera we speak
Swedish
do you speak Norwegian and we understand
that part yeah it's not Megan okay let's
see earn your Norwegian skills what
should I say are you
whatever Marcus taught you some words
but when you're kissing on its first
small y'all columns for go yeah I
haven't heard you speak much sweeter I
can't speak Swedish come on a couple but
the most interesting word is B you deal
yeah cinema cinema yeah it's like be
away something you have an Instagram oh
yeah this scene is a whisker it's not
got no spotter we're actually really
good but you have a weird accent our
cool accent right yeah really cool
that's enough Norwegian fur do you speak
Swedish yeah give us some more your
continent that sorry ah Sh that's your
answer to the question yes I just had to
pull up the camera and film this
incredible boat because it is probably
one of the coolest boats in the world
and since it's anchored up here we
should film it it's really cool we need
a longer lens though you want the boat
can you post zoom a bit yeah perfect
Paul a gold palmer johnson see that rear
sick so cool what else is out there
ma
uh-oh
menu again food time yes what's going on
in there maybe
Kanzi dropping my my sheets drop in
yours ezel there we go
today's dinner pasta pesto makes it
kinda pastas with a bit of an Indian
touch on the chicken flavoring feta
cheese and Parmesan we just like to keep
it simple but good so I say while we eat
we jump straight over to today's
memories you guys can watch that we can
eat so today's memory is a giant jump in
us at the Norway a funny story about the
jump is that I built it in Prague and
when the fog cleared I realized that it
was way bigger than I'd planned for so a
couple shots from field production I
spied open I think Malou eyes wide open
eyes wide open field productions so you
can check out their website below a lot
of cool stuff um so yeah check it out
we'll be right back after dinner
but anyway with those awesome old jumps
looking back at what I used to be really
awesome at I think we should call it a
day because we've had about nine billion
meetings and been real productive today
yes good day so we say aurevoir
and bow weekend from Arkell so furtively
separately ciao ciao
no we can't do ciao okay sorry Joe
