hey good morning morning another day
this time we are walking down the port
of Monaco after a couple meetings this
morning started right off and work no
time to lose
yeah another okay sorry of course I know
the whole idea was that you're supposed
to walk on that side and we would get a
cool shot I'm always aware of everything
so yeah well anyway it's nice to be back
in Monaco and do some work and sleep in
our own bed yeah I slept like 16 hours
last night yeah that's good though you
got some sleep you ready to start up
another week and you feel good again
figure out what to do with life yeah
so you're back to your regular schedule
on the computer yeah booth is so good
this past 10 days of likes owning out of
it and really appreciating where we are
but that means that I have more emails
than I've ever had so right now I'm just
sitting here waiting for a Skype meeting
so I have two hours of meetings yeah
trying to catch up yeah because it feels
good to catch up yes and it's like 50
degrees out so it's kind of nice to just
chill inside so AC and computer work is
today's scheduled yeah we need to do a
lot of that in the future the one the
next week at least until caught up with
everything yeah then we need to set our
plans the problem is we have so many new
plans and with my back still being up in
the air and not knowing what we can do
it's so hard to set a plan but now we're
just gonna set plans and go with it like
we literally have no plans
none luck zero I think it's fun it I
want to set plans okay like thinking of
things to look forward to we're trying
to connect there I feel like all these
like fancy like multimedia platform
sites they never work it's like call
over the phone it's fine so much easier
Skype oh sorry my wife can hear me does
my mic work I've given all the modern
technology up Sumatra
Oh
ha-cha-cha
one down how many to go now I have a
three-minute Resta now I have another
one three two minute next one I'm gonna
go on FaceTime on my phone because all
these Skype and meaning things they
never work it's like I've never had
Skype working ever no I'm not Skype and
then if it's some new high tech like
Google hangout I mean just call yeah
yeah
calling works old school I agree with
you all right few minutes gotta go to
bathroom and then I gotta go again
stop at the ocean touch' how was the
FaceTime working well FaceTime so much
better okay right now we've racked up
three hours not moving one so I want to
go outside and you want to get photos
right yes please
so let's go ahead and shoot us some
photos and see some Sun
hop in super outfit just needed detail
today I wanted her to tell me exactly
what to do I'm too tired to be crated
today she's like you know what today
just do what I go online play me too
let's shoot these photos Chenango
homework and by the way do we have any
dinner plans yes I know
Marcus pancakes so vegetables with
vegetables
what do you miss you know you know no I
say we shoot some more we go to the
grocery store right up here get a couple
extra things go home
and crimp that dinner and go to bed
early because I think we're all pretty
beat up from jet lag
I put a lot of strain
you miss yours I think walking by this
was a sign that we should have a today's
question what is going on with the Lambo
because we've had a million questions
about it and I haven't known what to
answer because we have been building all
the performance parts and everything and
everything's been going really well but
one of the suppliers of part of the car
has not given us any instructions to
install a 2004 piss now puzzle so it's
been a nightmare for stuck meant to
build everything up there and I don't
want to like hook about companies
so I'm not that's why I haven't gone
into details on this I'm just going to
say that stettman was handed a Bosch
reports that weren't complete so that's
why it's taking so long and I'm really
hoping that it's super finished soon
that's what's going on that is like do
we have any timeframe no anything from
two days to two months
but statement is incredible either way
with what they do even though they were
dealt a bad hand on this one because
they've never been late but now at least
I got to answer the Lambo question okay
it might be more questions of the day
but I have to answer that since that was
pending what plan are we on I'm thinking
pasta pesto tonight okay
I approve Giuliani I found something
fresh too
pasta pesto scream I love what they
actually kind of like that were filling
in there so yeah throw excited that's
better than the places that yellow and I
bought by this I realized that my first
email when I get home should be see what
it's actually going on and how we can
speed up the process I kind of want it
I'm so used to not locking my door I
didn't like the store for seven years
from antenna Jana came Johnny came and
sanity came maybe not to Monica but
there's no peace in monocle helmet in
the world we can't afford to be seizure
okay see you guys are back where we
belong you belong or we belong but where
we need to be but it feels go ever
gotten so much work done but I sort of
feel that when I'm here in Monaco I need
to like work all day but that means that
we're in here we're not doing anything
so for the few days when we are sort of
working more and more I have this idea
that instead of us shooting us working
we will add a today's memory new one yes
because that will give me a couple extra
hours to just stay focused on work and
it'll give you guys a good laugh to
watch some old stuff that we recorded
back in the day so I think that we are
going to do that pretty much every day
we're in Monaco and the first memory
we're gonna do is the very first gumball
start bidded we're going to edit an old
video and show you guys what how cool I
was in 2010 alright guys I just been
asked to define what speeding is
speeding is breaking is going over those
road signs that have the numbers on them
Biggi vlog is back which is good since
my computer broke since I couldn't
really post anything that was just the
drivers meeting and now we're about to
go it's the start grid where all the
cars are
I think it's going to be kind of over
the Superfund week it's I feel like the
normal person here there's a lot of
weirdos
I just know that someone has my key
right you're not friends
getting your photograph taken oh and got
your name on your car got the name got
my keys and all I just need to find my
bags put them in here
and I feel like I almost
yeah I don't really know what to expect
but I think it's going to be fun that's
all I know
but I just want to start them out now
there's no doubt that I was way cooler
back in the day right I love your hair
yeah it was such nice free flow for this
actually I have that long of a hair for
pride last ten years before I met Yanni
and then she kind of like nicely
indicated that I think you can cut it at
it anyway I hope you guys to enjoy that
old stuff I love going back looking at
the old videos we shot and as you know
that was the main reason that I started
doing video so it's cool to show
something maybe most you haven't seen
before
yes that's good but I don't think like
everyone knows you've made video blogs
on and off for the last eight nine years
that's an interesting like almost 10
years yeah that's cool but they're more
like ski video blogs so they weren't
that why it's not that many people watch
them yeah but anyway I'm gonna go in
prepare some food yes I'm hungry pause
the Festiva chicken for us my favorite
time of the day you're on the solar
cooking mission I will see where I will
get some food I'll be right back
perfect teamwork at its finest me
cooking Marcus editing and then us
eating together I love it you're quick
to eat with us yeah I know today's menu
is a pasta pesto with some chicken feta
cheese and parmesan inspired by the
amazing that's the past but the best
that I've broken or mmm oh my god
you sound like a proper chef yeah true
Italian I think it's gonna be really
good to be honest I love this setup we
have me too
you all got to contribute with what we
got yes and I also been doing some work
or outside editing you know we all got
to make things happen but I say with
that we say oh I blab ain't good bye
from Monaco tonight yep you want to give
it a try too
Oh wha ha I'm just gonna say ciao ciao
oh good mom
