good morning morning so this being our
very last day hair body we figure that
we needed to start it with the walk on
the beach and see beautiful weight yeah
Karma I would have been in the waves but
it's really nice to just be a normal
chillin boyfriend as well here we gonna
just take a walk see some beautiful
things and just get the day started
and we are back home again home sweet
home
this is why our garden in Mont Marbella
is starting to look good because I saw
this place yeah I'm gonna put this
awesome gimbal and like a cute owl and I
had such a fun time filming this morning
so I'm gonna put it down eat breakfast
and just continue life come on you don't
need shoes what are my sandals you
haven't this morning okay we're going
barefoot yeah growing a restaurant for
some lunch and I've been searching for
my sunglasses the camera the memory card
and now I can't find my sandals anywhere
I hate those mornings we can't find base
are we late yeah of course
dumb question yeah but I'm afraid new
sandals are gonna rape my I used it
never new sandals can rip some mean
holes in the skin I think though let's
go let's go okay
are they why would I need them here my
super comfortable super flip-flops okay
in my next life I'm gonna ask God for
some kind of memory of where I put
things
I feel like Yanni's our to our food
guide yeah have you been here before no
it's a new place
what's the verdict on for me I meet you
so with me mark is not feeling well
we've been able to eat about this much
sir fillies are tiny
we came up with a new year's resolution
yesterday night that on the places we go
we're gonna get better at finding the
good restaurants instead of the ones
that are closest by yeah I think that's
the best New Year's resolution so we're
now back at the house and I feel like we
should probably admit that when we've
said that we've been a bit bad we have
maybe been a bit more sick than we've
said cuz we don't like to always
complain but yeah me and Marcus we've
kind of lived in the bathroom for the
last couple days so Yanni organised the
surprise we're gonna get IV and get
vitamins and hydrate our body again
which is gonna be probably incredible
because I feel dehydrated yes I don't
want like injections in my body but you
don't want to do it no I can feel them
instead I will admit I don't like
needles either but I want to feel better
102 feel for 80 is still number four
domains you saw a tiny spot on - perfect
you can drink coffee again yeah this
acquaintance what's good healthy a
cucumber but I think we can get better
you can just add whatever you want
oh this is missing while your cocktail
give me everything you're good
a little bit get you to this one for
Reliford to fight him into your body and
the normal saline and this one for the
electrolyte water this is too very
breakin give me everything
vitamin B okay it is complex content v1
v12 and this cake is for your immune for
your heart and your for your hard one to
perfect I'm sure you're not gonna do it
yeah
Marcus cares a needle he's a natural nor
of Norwegian Vikings yeah like they're
going to I go eat the tree in just a
minute late that's my treatment I really
trust her she can put whatever in there
big party yeah are you scared of a
needle
mmm-hmm yes I am scared of me yeah
they're needles you know I mean yes
needles are a bit scary but it's not
just don't have to look at it when they
put it kind of in your life yeah I'm
gonna probably look away yeah I'm not
that tough like I'm fine with them I'm
just not gonna pretend that I'm that
cool do you think I pretend no I think
you're you are about us
yeah and for I know I get so many
questions on this car this car is a
shark attack no actually not it was me
falling off a DJ booth in Sweden and got
these two scars 25 stitches and was it
painful
no couldn't feel a thing because you
were drunk hundred percent so that's
today's comment I guess yeah it's it has
gone
what's the strange scar that's me being
an idiot and falling on my face in
Boston Sweden you got the pink one as
well yeah but feeling like we do and
having stomach problems plus how warm it
is and how much you're sweating I'd say
that this is about the best idea we've
had all week we have a lot of good ideas
every day it's just keep flowing at
least we think so
yeah he's great to do before the flight
come on quick for you okay I think
you're done
who else is Yanni is good I feel
energized good what do you think got me
I think it was what's your name I got to
chill for a half an hour and I have two
bags of a lot of things I need in my
body and I think I feel better so I say
we are about done here so we should
probably get our bags packed and maybe
head towards the airport
yeah maybe we've already how long I had
a long day but we still have 24 hours of
fine left that's up today yes so the
real question is are we gonna be late to
the airport together why are you
laughing
he's laughing because he knows we're
gonna be late no we have to leave in
five yeah so our planet should be a
hundred percent bulletproof but let's do
a timer let's do a clock when we go out
of the apartment okay we're supposed to
leave at 5:00 and be ready in five and
be there at 6:00 that's the plan ah I
think that most of it let's hope so so
it's now 1719 and we are as usual still
here staying still here and pretty late
so let's see if we make it thank you so
much guys what do you think it is I just
saw it
it is we are good yes sir no problem
pit team no problem
feel so sad leaving Molly's
but the good thing about leaving a place
is that you get to see more real places
like Singapore like Singapore we just
arrived and now the goal is to go and
see if we can find bigger seats for the
next flick my back is killing me XCOM
managed to come up with what I now can
give you by how did it go this class
well Singapore and I'm unless I want to
spend eighteen thousand three hundred
something euros for an upgrade we're
stuck or we're booked in the back of the
bus yeah I'd say we'd rather buy a red
camera than sitting a good seat on the
way home I agree and so I guess since
we're just stuck on a dark plane for the
rest of the night I say we just spin our
way to Frankfurt we'll see you there I
really wish that flood was the shortest
that's been in reality but that was kind
of a long painful one right yeah twelve
hours or something
twelve hours but we're here we're trying
for in Europe and the only problem we
have now is that it's morning so we
should probably start shooting the next
vlog so that means we got to end this
one here and then start the next one so
we will catch on right here in
tomorrow's vlog and we'll see you soon
that's not like a plan you just never
stop how do you say Oh No
Oh either sent I'll read us up either
sir okay god I'm tired
