and good morning from Monaco look at
this weather Moni Perry that's a good
thing when you wake up and you see a
Ferrari outside with some sunrise today
we are gonna do we're gonna show you all
the things we'd love to do and the
things that me it makes us feel good
inside because in the last month I just
calculated I've slept in 17 different
beds in one month in one month 17
different beds so now coming home we're
gonna show you all the stuff that we
appreciate and what makes makes us feel
like you know good inside first thing
when you come to Monaco and you've been
away for a couple weeks
clean the balcony yes so we get you
outside
Cillit bang makes your balcony shine
like nothing before living
where is he going that is the wrong
direction like that okay bye-bye Ferrari
work up what you have to clean now
should we clean yeah Sylvain meets
Chinese a table shower needs more
I think that is good enough
Fred Victor first first mission now on
the second mission since then boxes we
always have a lot of boxes when we come
home nice Oh
Gerry can not it's a jerrican travel
suitcase that is something it is really
cool but we can't show that can't send
me a bag like how am I supposed to
promote that at GK's it's really cool
but it's not as good as a douche bag I
think this is young black boxers Wow
thank you organic basics I love fresh
boxers especially when you've been in 17
different beds for in 30 days then you
are pretty short on laundry this mini
Christmas do you and pleased to
introduce you to get out the order set
out thee get out the penny system a
brand new company funded by the reason
to combine the finest cotton and true 24
karat gold I'm guessing these are 24
karat gold yes yeah merci beaucoup
I love when you get fresh things to wear
after traveling it's for me
it's excel so if anyone's wondering I
wear excellent t-shirts and large or
medium and shorts from gym shorts it's
all about the basics nice no I could
have used these in Hong Kong I managed
to get my pants dirty and then I borrow
Benny's pants get a stain on them he
said to go buy a pair of $8 sweat pants
problem Seoul you want black or white
not black or gray right yes okay books
this opened next mission throw the books
away
we've forgot to show this we didn't see
it an organic wooden toothbrush you like
that so if it's one thing that I really
really really appreciate it's going
grocery shopping because when you're
living on their own in dota rooms it is
constant restaurants room service in all
this we cannot complain but but then you
start appreciating like you know the
little normal things like going to the
grocery store and just stocking up so
that you can cook and like get a ton of
sunflowers here
we like we want an electric bike yep but
first we got to stock up so we can cook
some magic food
that is the beauty of monocle then you
can walk to the edge of the country pick
up a bunch of stuff and walk back home
look at this burrito supply up here
mixing the bread with like the boats the
boats the boats look very good cashew
nuts
always good pine nuts always good your
favorite nice this right here is our
favorite thing to use in everything it's
like a bean chili mix Mexican style rice
with some barbells we have oh this is
really good too a chili oil that we get
from the pizza boutique now we have a
bunch which is great for cooking and
then down here what uh Wow Johnny would
be really proud of she was here now look
good like how organized this all is not
bad right also here from like Italy so
good you keep all the sushi was yeah
it's from the planet sushi a spicy mayo
it's so nice that these little things
cuz it feels like you have a restaurant
but home which is really nice this is
also one of my favorites feta cheese
pesto spice it up with some Red Bull and
then here we have mom's homemade jam
very good I would try those they are
fantastic especially on mom's homemade
baguette little butter and then cheese
fantastical always got to have cheese
for the burritos chicken for the
burritos
garlic for some of the burritos ground
beef for some of the burritos and
avocado so you can have on burritos too
yeah you can also have some sour cream
on the Brady process I realize what I go
shopping is just for burritos and then
some vegetables Parmesan cheese always
fantastic
broccoli like very very good and if you
mix much the most Japanese says mo makes
everything good like if you're cooking
vegetables fantastic and teriyaki sauce
so yeah now we're stocked up and believe
it or not when you travel as much as we
do this is like
better than Nobu but now the good old
belly is hungry so now it's time to make
some burritos and just
like make some epic food burrito a lot
of goodies in there
some sour cream in the bottom the ground
beef with taco spice a little bit of
feta cheese chopped onions chopped
tomato cheese and taco sauce how did you
make all this so quickly I am quick I am
a quick guy eating I mean I'm hungry and
if it's one thing you never have time
with when you're traveling it's to shave
get a haircut and like take care of
yourself so that is next on the mission
it's time to get cleaned up oh I almost
look like a clean-cut person right and I
did not cut it for myself no I usually I
cut my own hair but that's usually
because they never have time to do it
but sitting down getting the shampoo in
your hair that's pretty nice you look
like you just lost 10 years do I look
younger
let us know in comments younger older
scruffy look or or a proper look I was
gonna say I don't like this much better
no I feel like life is under control
like bad hair here feels life is going
too fast but since we like to go fast
you got to stay in shape so now it's
time to do another thing that we like
but we come home and we have the time to
stay healthy so let's hit the beach and
get strong so since we don't have coach
Richard here I'm in charge of the
workout today and I came up with the
magic idea of 100
pistol squats it's 100 pushups and the
last one
50 handstand push-ups I don't know how
good of an idea that is but that's
really really not a good idea
I'm nervous ready shake
that was tough
some of the toughest workout cuz they
had no idea but I'm okay but
I'm gonna say the first shelves were the
worst for me the pistol squats for
easiest and fill me the other way around
so yeah roughly we didn't take the exact
time that roughly 24 25 minutes so yes
then pushups 50 pushups 100 pushups and
100 pistol squats yeah 5 on these make
it important to go all the way down on
everything you know that makes all the
difference so if you wanna if you wanna
do this thing then we can compare we
said we're gonna do once a week to see
if we get better but that's enough for
this week I really tried to help myself
feeling that not fooling nobody
and know like coming home good feeling
what do we like to do vlog would be
complete without some laundry when you
live in a hotel room the whole year and
you don't have laundry coming home to a
laundry machine even though it's broken
and duct-taped it's the luxury like just
picking up this like iyx three-in-one
pods and yes be sure to get a new
laundry machine but still works it's
okay see this sound here now
if you only knew how the little things
in life when you live in a weird life
how much you appreciate them but now we
have one final thing before we end
today's vlog and no coming home date
would be complete without a sorting
session of all the gear cuz when you
travel you like start the trip like
really organized and then you end up
like oh I'm in Orion you throw
everything in and it comes out like a
big bundle so here's our current like
little vlog setup no not too bad like
this is our light setup you have one
thing missing it looks a lot worse as
goodness you bring the big boys oh yes
no all right so yeah we're trying to get
a little smarter with the vlog gear in
order to be more mobile and faster but
then again it's like fun with gear so
now we're just gonna charge this I'll
get ice it and like we have like had a
very good coming home day very
productive so I hope you hope everyone
enjoy this log of light the random
things the NAM not so very cool things
that actually happen in our lives like
doing laundry and shopping and like
filling up the fridge so now we're gonna
we're gonna say ciao and good night
we're gonna edit this for you so that we
can show Yanni how good the fridge looks
she's coming here in a couple days mmm
but I like compressing her always
impress your lady and for yummy a nicely
organized fridge to go straight to the
heart
but I think that's it we're gonna say
shell or lava it Adam out a since it to
blow up and to polish Audrey ah I'm just
like I'm tired Frenchy let another day
good good night from an organized place
all these curious on what you're gonna
add but so that's why I came out I just
wanna hide Inka bells jingle bell jingle
bells it's Christmas in Monaco
