I feel like we're lost and we're
arriving to that one dog day huh so we
are right now I'm arriving to the Komodo
Island home of an Komodo dragons and
we're gonna go explore and check it out
and see if we can see an actual dragon
Jionni wants to be the mother of dragons
Khaleesi let's go check it out
feel
look at these mountains mate it looks
like lost and it's really cool we
started the morning by seeing it yeah
was it a short round yeah and some manta
rays and it truly is like waking up in
paradise Komodo National Park World
Heritage Sites like you are like
internet coverage not happening that's
why we're late with everything but when
we're here we're not gonna care because
there are no way of connecting to things
we're gonna which is really cool to be
honest super cool it's really nice work
it's like social media detox I've seen
and kind of heard about these dragons
but never really knew where they were
and then all of a sudden were here on
this island and I see sticks cuz Marcus
said he wants to ride the dragon he had
an apparent that them if the dragon
bites you you will die because it has a
poison or venom that makes your wounds
they won't heal up anything yeah
by 12 if bourbon
yes nice quality
how cool is that it truly feels like
Jurassic Park let's go see if we can see
some more we got to see the dragon cool
before you see things you are supposed
to see you shouldn't count on it so I
see you join the Fairford army as well
yeah I mean I'm usually a barefoot guy
on an island like that I think you
should be barefoot but my feet aren't
strong enough so little sore
Wow let's see do
how cool are they so call and those two
are almost fighting yeah that wasn't in
the dares you mean the food for the
Komodo dragon No thank you so much
pouring I don't know now I don't know
where we go so yes if we're going to the
pink beach
so works like a snorkel this is exercise
justice no question the top so cool I've
seen those
I feel really free you look strange so
much easier yeah oh yeah we're going
surfing
be away
doesn't look too good sting hmm looks a
bit weird when you fly mosquito bites
yeah we should probably ask you
something
so back to the boat I give it the world
championship or there are so many things
we want to do while we're here so we
gotta make sure to be efficient and I
did all that free diving training in the
summer I'm still exhausted
even though when I got these on because
we never use this in the summer so it
felt like a world champion in swimming
anchoring up another part of the day
other part of the island chain we keep
moving around and we're like ona stuff
the new stuff new stuff but it's so cool
wallet and then like the next thing is
better than the previous one
pretty much like now we're anchoring up
here and apparently in that island
there's 2 million bats living and
apparently if they leave the island at
sunset I get to go hunting I don't know
if I believe it quite yet but I loosen
it that's what we're anchored up for so
we're gonna see see what we see it's
gonna be amazing I guess it is already
amazing just chilling on this boat full
living life Wow looks like the Black
Pearl
just keep on coming
so this happens every night it's crazy
all right how many M animals we'd start
dragons today
the whale shark whale shark
turtle turtle um matter a dolphins the
yellow snail yellow snail the sea blue
sea star yeah the Nemo fish all
deficiency of flying foxes that's so
this is a good animal day animal day
number one I love it so much but since
we're out of the light now I say we have
no other choice but to cancel or finish
today yes should we say some pungent buy
or a chow some poignant by some bi do bi
ba ba
