why are we packing up since we booked
our tickets so super last-minute we are
changing villas tonight but we are also
packing up because we are leaving Bali
tomorrow so this is our last day on the
island because we are going to go
explore even deeper in Indonesia there
are some really remote places we're not
gonna say we're that's gonna be a bit of
a surprise so that's uh yeah we should
probably head over to the new villa I'm
just gonna finish up this email and then
I think it's time to get the day started
yes let's do it yeah we can you can take
it no problem I think that's the last of
it right we didn't forget anything I got
my computer and stuff but I'll get back
in forget anything scrub it since we're
so close that is true I always feel so
bad when people are carrying my stuff
I'm so used to carrying my ski stuff
around everywhere and like I feel bad
but they keep insisting that I'm not
allowed but yeah try to help anyway and
they kept like mad if you did yeah it's
so crazy right yeah I feel like no I
should have to carry myself yeah but
it's baller like everyone is so kind and
therefore to design them for two nights
and open an ice and just that's probably
the main reason that I love Bali that
the people here are so friendly yes in
general not just carrying our bags but
in general they're just very very
friendly people yeah
thank you well it's okay hello there
it's not like home this is the same
Villa we stayed in two years ago hi this
but that feels like home 100% amazing
it's funny so much of the inspiration of
the palm trees in my house in Marbella
it comes from everything around this
pool cuz I wasn't in the foyer looking
at like how they made the walls in the
pool and everything and I wanted to make
it exactly like this at home but they
have better plants here than in Europe
yeah so I couldn't make it quite as cool
so it's a three bedroom yeah yeah I can
switch your home paintball it's like a
bathroom Adriani yeah so cool I think
this is what you call Instagram friendly
it is so which one which room do you
want one the green one or the pink one
green one I think let's check it out
perfect flowers on the bed
on your hip a boat for you boo
I think it's meant to put plants in it
by what Park bike vault yeah I think
this villa Trump's the other villa in
terms of photo friendliness you see they
have white tiles you should have that in
my BAM
it's the perfect blue color I completely
agree 100%
let's change the pool toss in more baya
to white yep that is something on the
to-do list forgot the Shango I'm 100%
down you want to go surfing yeah let's
go to xiangu great rifle ready um I
think so but I think I lost my
sunglasses but I kept them for so long
those ones are cool yeah I like them
yeah approved by me nice and new and
fresh lenses so we have the laundry and
we have the key a drone or everything
yes don't you want to watch this one
you have chicken flyover remember when
you did like this what didn't you do the
trick yeah I did tell you can have
something why didn't you guys tell me an
earlier that I look like no I'm not
gonna fall for it why didn't you tell me
earlier that I walk around looking like
a small all right be right by haha no
problem hey she gonna head leave me
thank you that's what I mean this one -
no like a pyro so ok let's go
I feel good
look at these palm trees what about them
why can't you buy this in Spain what is
it with it it's the density of the
leaves like the coconuts alike
you're like a Paul nerd I am a Paul nerd
I mean everything nerd everything I do I
know did not or he does Marcus hey I'm
Marcus nice for you too Marcus you wait
should we order here do we order in
silence
smushy I don't know what slushy
what's the verdict good yeah it's
fantastic yes I told you good choice
always go for the slush
grannie vegetarian yeah it's awesome I
say we just drop that camera on the
floor and start eating that's how hungry
I am young you lied what do you mean he
said in Russian vegetarian yeah I didn't
know so you lied okay light that's what
was good right it was good but still
liar
what do you think you so that's how you
get a Norwegian say Marcus to eat at a
vegetarian place you tell them it's not
them then they come and it was actually
incredible I'm really great on the beach
no you're all good to go yes let's do it
trust me
yeah hi it's fine it's that time again
yeah we're gonna give it a try it looks
a bit chaotic out there
we're going to give it a try I'm gonna
grab the GoPro and then the weight is
going to come and do this so it's a
really terrible idea but we're going to
give it a try we need to get Marcus on
film yeah and I'm gonna try not to surf
to save you a little let's do it let's
go try it out have fun guys this is the
worst idea I've had in a long time and
you tried to convince me to god no I
said it's better than you don't he said
Oh
how was that you tired but it limit cuz
I had a strap in my mouth okay
but hey we got that wave I think yeah
and I figure that there was no chance
for me to get or us to get a better shot
so I'm like that's the best we can get
I'm out of here
good job though catching the wave when
you need it to and I tell you to catch a
wave so I get a shot and you get the
shot in the way it's quit good job thank
you good bye for now surfboard you guys
should have really been with us a lot
what evidence
it's been incredible to hear Marcus
excitement but mostly how amazingly
tired his arms are yeah I'm really tired
you're gonna you're gonna have to film
with like the cell phone tonight with
one of those cranes coming out of your
back yeah but let's go home stop filming
yeah we gotta upload the video from
yesterday let's do it
let's start excitation of home
and of course I didn't bring my shoes
I'm just not a good adventurer you're a
great adventure I love it but I'm not
good at it but we're gonna get even
better tomorrow is there an exit from
the taxi parking hello is this the exit
we go up Aaron yeah yeah that's off-road
Safari yeah broad dumping Road yeah
jump up yes go go go whoa off-road
driver what's your name my name who I am
town that's hard to say why I'm told why
young cone my name is Marcus marques
it's not Mars the yoga master they call
me the yoga master the other Western
yeah I'm really good at Yoga
yeah not exactly mutters I'll try my
best because everything this morning the
vlogs are funny but we're too tired
we should get you surfing more often
how's the shoulders feeling I still
think it's funny anyway we're just
sitting down here to have a look at the
GoPro memory card to see if I actually
managed to get a shot of Marcus and I
figure that it's interesting for you
guys to see if this part of the vlog
where we actually come home never
knowing if we got the footage or not no
it's not this one because you were on
the other side yeah this one is this one
no no it's further forward okay so the
dome is probably a terrible idea to
shoot if you're shooting above water and
shooting surfing yeah yeah well you see
that dots on that lens oh okay oh here
you go you got okay so we have a million
dots okay let's see
this is be taking off with that thing in
my mouth that was just terrible
no you didn't get it I'm getting a tiger
I mean it's dots on the lens but
bar√ßa's is killing it you see all the
people and that's a long way
good job marques nice sorry for the dots
though amateur-hour when it comes to us
now man have any regular GoPro House but
who cares we got the shot dots we're in
the water it's okay with thoughts
killing it cool that's like nine times
the size of your wave yesterday and
speak speaking of surfing today's
question who is the one athlete that you
look up to the most it is safe to say
that there's a couple guys that look up
to but number one for sure
no doubt is Kelly Slater the reason why
I think Kelly Slater is the most
inspirational athlete ever is because
he's one is at 11 world titles and he's
now 44 years old and yesterday he just
won the Teahupoo Billabong Pro and if
you can be on the top of a sport for
that long that is the most impressive to
me because getting to the top is one
thing but remaining there and being 44
years old and doing what he does it's
just simply out of this world
so yeah Kelly Slater is the most
inspirational athlete um your shoulders
must hurt why I think it's maybe a bit
more well trained yeah I think so but
sail surfing probably every day every
day and he's a yoga master takes care of
his body and everything so yeah yoga is
the key okay so with us watching a bit
more footage on here we are gonna end
today's vlog here because we are as we
said going on adventure tomorrow yeah so
we're getting up at 5 a.m. and we need
to get this thing online
aisa so we're going on an adventure
we're not gonna say where but it is it
makes Bali seem as central as Central
Park in New York yeah and so if there is
a delay in the video it is because there
is simply no internet to be found
anywhere anywhere close by we're doing
we're gonna do our best to get it up
there it's gonna be interesting to see
but if it's not online it's because
there's no way ever in the world to get
it online but I'm positive so at least I
know you know in case things are late
tomorrow so without we're ending today
so ciao from Bali we'll see you guys
tomorrow
99%
we'll see you look up Lauer's like some
bun jump aye that's right this is it
honorable okay close enough
