let's go yeah yeah we are on our way out
the door turn up the sipping water
through these jungle noises because
we're gonna jump in a car and go explore
the island a bit yes go check out places
we haven't seen before they actually you
but also yani yeah and I have probably
seen it often I still like it yeah
you're gonna be the tour guide for guide
of the day let's do it let's go check
out Bali we have some friends in Yonex
here look honey there's your favorite
friend
I love monkeys I think they're the
coolest how they are they look so human
you know such a cool wet and yannis
running away now you're a big one right
behind you
look at the view I know I haven't been
here I think it's maybe eight or nine
years since I have a glass here it's
really cool yeah I'd like to try to find
places where there aren't too many
people and I know when I served here the
last time there was like no people by
it's just ocean as far as the eye can
see
100% I like that so this this is
actually the place I would say in Bali
that collects the most swell only so if
there's small weights everywhere this is
a great spot to go to there everywhere
on it I don't know what it is but it's
something about monkeys that gets me
super excited thank you so much see I
like this whole like jungle stuff I
remember walking down here with curl
making one of the first video books ever
did yeah and then they tried to they're
like oh please let us carry your stuff
we're like oh nice and then we got down
tonight
fales ah really or just nice through her
kind of stupid how cool is this right
it's really cool a good poly cut yes
secret hidden beach actually it's hard
to find a Bali
yeah not very hard to make a photo out
here no
so funny to take photos eonni
it's like no it needs to be one more
centimeter to the left and I need to be
6 centimeters back okay so the photo
contest it seemed like I want right
photo number one
let's not talk about it I think we all
get a fair amount of votes fine yuan I
think I did right oh yeah you guys for
the yummy doesn't trust nobody what
about the picture that is all you're
headed it's my goal in life to have Yami
stand in front of the camera be like you
and I trust you completely do whatever
you want yeah
still pretty the way I trust you Marcus
why don't we look at this place see how
sick it is
that's a proper leg workout hany wonder
how many stairs to this enough stairs
stop here take a nice burn in your
thighs well yeah we probably just have
another 600 steps Oh Oh wonder how
minute II actually is I think last time
I counted but I forgot see we're not
scary how cool are they cook that it
yeah but we need like a banana
right going to football I don't know if
it's no Star Trek see I have kind of a
problem when I am at a location like
this and I walk down with like a
backpack and no surfboard that I feel
like those like stupid on sporty
tourists I don't want to be that guy no
I wouldn't be the extreme rad dude but
now on to the next one yeah let's check
out more places while we're here dream
on yes it it is crazy though I haven't
been here in more than 10 years and when
I was here there was just bumble hug
putts on the beach but we're hungry so
let's go eat for low
how many do you want we're going Express
massage with one on the legs and one on
the legs
yeah we're efficient yes you're just
trying to figure out the price here
maybe the two person one here one here
yeah 104
30 minutes
I feel like I have oil in sand in beer
so I feel like I should jump in the
water but these death waves seem like
they could be a bad call just go for it
it's bad timing yeah but I'd rather just
watch timing I want to see like markers
how was it
I had your timing such torture not like
playing those waves yeah let's go
bye bye thank you
and we are home quick one for yawning
she just really mean nap tell us yeah I
mean it's a pretty tired yeah oh it's
enough amazing Mike go explore the eye
and then check out bunch of places get a
massage then BAM
sleep your back can we go
sunset surfing today yeah I just have a
few emails I gotta bang out but I was
just looking at the Sun and probably
have a couple hours to do that and then
we go surfing perfect cuz you gotta like
put in time yeah I know nail it down so
we can just go on surf trips together
yes I'm so excited for that are you
gonna join you on e yeah yeah so we'll
check in on the beach here in a couple
hours
are you guys ready does it look
promising
who cares just gonna go out there and
like put the time in and crush it
Zaa was it guys tiring tiring out I
think the A for effort
thank you pushing hard I gave up pretty
quick you can tell you're a little
scared since Hawaii yeah I know it sucks
you know the only way to get over it
just to surf surf and surf thank you
good workout I had to jump in and try to
catch one wave and I gotta admit it was
not the best surf session ever in the
history of the world conditions well but
it would feel fun so this is fun I can't
imagine what like good condition it's
why I'm obsessed with surfing do we get
grab that look at how I look this is
like a pro Vicky blogging like GoPro
dome here and then water housing that
used to have on there and then coaching
yes and on that note we should get
someone from local to say goodbye kiss
me
bye apologies I'm fighting bar
oh that's difficult what some
somebody to buy somebody by Wow
I'm really bad if you want to say to the
camera somebody jump ah perfect
that was much better than me ciao Hey
