good morning good morning we started
bright and early today I'm tired we're
gonna start the morning with a yoga
session by the pool
yes hopefully help please get my back
better I remember it's really tough but
really good are you gonna do it as well
yeah after Marcus the yoga master
Oh
then after that Capri oh now it's
breakfast I was thinking the whole time
that you could feel the French toast
smell I could I'm excited for pancakes
we picked the first interactivity with
yoga I guess this just may be a bit more
her style french toast and run cakes so
we have fresh breakfast be may right
here all the way super good very good
pancakes let's eat it's me
bit of yoga I'm bit of fresh fruit right
in the morning I think really volley
healthy is up yeah just like we want to
do now I'm gonna sit up straight yeah
but let's eat now and we'll check back
and will ya are we one water helsing
happier we are same-same yeah thanks
awesome work yes and I am one email
session happier are you I got to do what
I needed to do it was like the craziest
story in the world yeah yeah it was like
someone's living room
hi oh yeah I'd say we grab some lunch
and then go try it out yes for sure we
ordered for you okay thank you
and also I borrowed cash from that the
driver yes didn't pay card oh really
it was like it wasn't a living room you
should have had the camera that yeah the
only time within some pictures okay cool
yep do you know what time it is how's
about saying surf time hits surf time
but for me it's more like film time cuz
I'm gonna stay quiet with my back for a
little more so I'm gonna be the film are
seeing how does Marcos perform on the
waves is he get us a pair or a whale
yeah who knows well be fun to see first
time yep so we take just the biggest
board
I just won to the left
I'm excited and I'm going to be your
instructor I'm gonna try to be a really
good instructor
you feel good yep
you
you
Oh
how's the bank feeling I'm doing
everything I can make it better
Yoga in the morning and then stretching
and then yesterday I had two massages
and now we were getting some more
massage
should we do today's comment yeah why
not yeah
do you have one okay I have one for you
yeah what do you think about Marcus's
surfing skills I think mark is the great
for it for his first time
hello I've seen a lot of people surf the
first time and Marcus was one of he was
in the top five to ten percent of first
time ever surfers - that's cool I think
he did really good yeah I'm excited to
surf more
I've Austin been such a good coat let's
finish it up and go home
yeah we have a very very very exciting
meeting coming up yes if this meeting
goes well it means very exciting things
yeah so we should probably wrap here in
a bit and then we have just more awesome
Bali women okay all right all right I'll
talk to you soon thanks so much thank
you
that was a nice goal I think potentially
we have some really cool stuff coming up
but it's nice like you give so many
mails and meetings and stuff that
doesn't go your way so now it seems like
we're actually having something that is
going our way yeah we you never know
until you know but that was very very
very positive call yeah I'm really
excited to be honest fingers crossed
yeah and it's going to be good for the
viewers hopefully as well it is
something that's gonna reflect well
affect the block which is sick yeah
we've had a really good a couple hours
here on the good old computer trying to
get stuff done people asked like woody
all right we're let's do a second
question of the day now I get I get
asked the question a lot what do you
work what do you work at all or you just
trust Chthon baby and no I am NOT a
trust fund baby as I said we picked
blueberries before to go skiing or were
kids but then I was a professional skier
for 15 years and I worked a lot of
companies I want a lot of events and I
think we made the differences that I
really worked with the companies that
work with so I wasn't just sponsored
like I actively worked on product
development on sort of marketing ideas
and I really worked with it which taught
me a lot and then I have started a
couple companies which have maybe not
yet generated income but they're
starting to build a value and so
generally I would say that what I work
with is a mix of sort of athlete
sponsorships and social media kind of
like Yanni does with companies who are
looking to expose their products and
it's like a big mix of everything but
what you see on here is maybe not
everything we do like we're on this 365
days here
we never drink alcohol so we're not
missing out on days and we are probably
more productive that we see even though
the mosquitos when he doesn't yeah so
that's a question number two for the day
yeah since we're leaner worth them more
work and then dinner so we're a bit
quiet here because we are about
to have a barbecue dinner at home and
we're and have some nice Balinese
dancers dancers a bit of a show here so
a bit excited to see what's going on
yeah what is it we're going to watch
that have a barbecue I'm going to be
right back after hopefully an amazing
dinner
yes right love
this is a whole new level of sport yes
that's such a beautiful thank you so on
that note I think it's time to end today
it was both beautiful to watch and to
film and just generally awesome yes I
saw my father you well my father's
ticket I say child from today and volley
from another amazing eight tomorrow
we're going to go on an adventure and
explore the island of it yeah yeah so
time to eat cha cha thank you
