and good morning from the beach of
Seminyak on Bali and today we don't have
cars on the street making the sound
waves and I just wish my back was better
but I'm trying to behave it yeah you
want to serve but I'm gonna be such a
better boyfriend now that my backs of
its orcs I'm going to like one Explorer
and check out things instead of like
spending ten hours a day out there yeah
but it is I love it it's so nicely black
in Bali it is fucking Bali I'm excited
but before we start today's episode we
have something we need you guys to do we
need a favor
we have a very incredible person for
this vlog who has made pretty much all
the music in the last 20 episodes so we
really want to say thank you to addling
and if you guys check it out though or
no link in the description and check out
his song crowd and I think we should all
follow him and just blow up the
SoundCloud yeah let's do it because he's
really been the master thank Garlin you
really liked it it makes our life really
simple a million times better so check
it out and check out
hold on this is straight now it's
straight perfect it's got to be straight
and we are back home again home away
from home so we figure that we should
probably show you guys where we live
since this is probably one of the nicest
places we live all year yeah let's do it
yeah why don't we start outside so you
get the full like entry in spirits
that's it Jonnie are you naked are you
okay
almost naked we'll give you a couple
minutes so entry part of the bill up
we're staying at Chandra vilasa we're in
a two bedroom villa we stayed here a
couple years ago we absolutely love the
place of course we came back once we
came to Bali just look at this how cool
of an entry is that so cool the only
thing you got to make sure is that
you're not drunk when you come home cuz
these will stumble in but every time I
come to Bali and I see these places I
get inspired to do the same kind of
design at home now because like wouldn't
you want to come home every day you have
to walk on these little stones really
cool and then here this is our place
it's kind of crazy that it's like a
private pool and like well be up too
much space
we need more friends yes are you like
something over look at the pool so first
of all it's a big tree yes this is with
a you cool air in Bali they have this
like modern architecture but it's still
like cool with trees and like all the
plants and like kind of this really cool
style I don't know what to call it but
it is pool deck some beds Marcos
sleeping corner over there fish yeah and
then you have we don't have swans we
need swans yeah let's get some songs we
should get them IMAX where are you
exactly where's the inflatable manager
um we have our chill-out area and then
we have what I suspect is going to be
like the editing studio
really cool like Lord room really cool
see I love everything special when you
go down like when you would take a
couple steps down and then we have a
kitchen here
every morning we have a chef coming to
prepare us breakfast which is not good
because you get so spoiled all the time
that's like my dream I let you want for
breakfast pancakes but that will show
you tomorrow we get more of that
tomorrow
but yeah kitchen everything fully loaded
fridge but none of everything that's a
beer and wine but we don't drink that
so no um we apparently I want to know
this but we have slight little waterfall
drippy here really peaceful sound that's
cool that's what I like here it's so
quiet and nice should we check out your
room yah yah yah you naked are you okay
you're ready are you naked and ready or
not naked already okay we're going to
just walk in here come check out this
bathroom eating what this is our bedroom
and the coolest part about this is that
you have this outdoor bathroom here is
our bathtub here's our shower and here
is a tree so when you're mean of course
I take like about about an hour long
bath every morning and now I can do this
under the palm tree this guy and this
guy and the treats actually um I don't
know if there's too much this year it's
a really nice bathroom that we have
already managed to make a little bit of
mess up look at this they read that I
had something with my eye so they gave
me a laverra oh they said that that will
actually be good for your eye because
when we were here last time we told him
you guys need to start your Instagram
account so they started there in
grandma come when we were here last
night yeah so then they follow us and
then they saw gone as I was bad and
prepare that so sweet they're so cool
there and this would normally be Marcus
bed or the couch or the couch but it's
cool right like yeah it's just like this
modern stuff mixed with like what we
would he call like this uh it's a bunk
bed
no I'm talking more like an industrial
industrial urban urban modern some
jungle jungle I love jungle jungle
everything jungles good so then what
else we have Marcus ooh ah
I wanted I haven't even seen your
bathroom yeah well he's not amis
outdoors my bathroom is outdoors the
whole bit
the whole thing is outdoors see this is
like this what makes me like want to
move to body yeah we can have this in
Spain oh yeah but the ledger it'd be a
little cold
in Monaco on the balcony I mean just
hammer a hole through through people get
all this like I get so inspired when I
see all this in the shower and a bathtub
everything cool
like yours is almost cooler than ours
yeah the bathroom oh no no tea room yes
yeah I knit and we showed the entrance
right did we show it this way this is
the coolest part it is for the shower
yeah now will you make the whole tour so
this is our crib this is our trip we
live in Bali which is awesome
no this is our crib yeah we just moved
here full time you just bought it
yes I felt like we needed private villa
number 11 Chandra's it is but now when
you know where we live we should
probably run down the beach and maybe
watch the sunset it's now take some
photos
it was the bull tell me good job on it
no wrong I always mean to me
we're not let's go take some photos
sounds good
I want to play with the cute and the
sunset is about to happen
yeah so we need a run okay let's run oh
my god
I love this land so much should we
compare with the cutest compared to the
35 on the SL yeah take a picture and
we'll check it Susan comparisons
actually this would that be 35 then uh
yeah all right okay let's do it
did you kill it Marcus yeah I have a
suggestion actually what let's do it
like this I added one of the photos that
I took and you added one that you took I
am the one I like the most and then we
put the two three yeah next to each
other
you
you
and then people can vote in the comment
section the unfair advantage you have is
that you have the 35 yeah that's that's
why I suggested a competition that's
Eagle yeah sorry
apparently I'm now a handbag how nice
sunset so nice
more photos apparently
that the light is sick though
this your first sunset in Bali right yep
so every night the Sun sets in the ocean
which is awesome and low tide you have
all the people on the beach
generally freaking awesome it is
freaking awesome look at it we're gonna
fill up a lot of memory card yeah you
know funny story coup d'etat which is
beat up here we actually have a shot of
that in one of the very first video
blogs we did like way way way back in
the day so is it this corner yeah you
can check out a blog from volley which
is they think the fourth or fifth blog
he ever did house seven or eight a
police excuse house sucking we were good
funny though we're back here again
logging that fuck did you want to serve
be on it yeah
well just when we walk down there was a
set that you would have not be so
thrilled about there was like four times
so anyway with the Sun setting we're
going to sunset this log as well then
we'll check back in tomorrow hopefully a
bit more energy we've been a little
tired and just like today so we'll see
you guys tomorrow I'm gonna do okay ciao
ciao ciao ciao
