well good morning we are starting out
our last day here in Monaco with a nice
really warm morning walk I'm sweating
like nothing else until but it's nice to
start in the morning like this
Marcus we have served you breakfast on
the balcony with some fresh baguettes
and cheese and yes lots of epicness so
why don't you come join us I win I mean
look at this
does that not look in qui habla that
very nice presentation love but I'm
gonna stop filming here because we
agreed that we will never film on the
balcony because this horrible sound
again yeah okay
okay so let's do you think it and stop
filming yeah
you know what that is it's the pause
music from the airline's we decided to
call the airlines and ask if we could
maybe stay longer in Bali um
turns out our tickets are not confirmed
so we don't have tickets
can we leave in a like five hours five
hours we're supposed to fly and as of
now we don't have any form of tickets
and that's a sign me on it right it's a
sign I get scared now look at me how
scared I look so I think we are breaking
a new world record in last minute look
into Bali turns out there was no way to
solve our ticket so now we're trying to
book through Singapore as normally if
you booked through a third party there
is an eight-hour sort of conversion time
before your ticket gets confirmed so now
we're trying to call Singapore to make
sure that if we booked now that we
actually have ticket when we go to the
airport no it's so strange though you
booked a ticket you get a confirmation
and then you call to change it and it
turns out you don't have a ticket like
that would maybe be a good thing to
inform oh here we go
bonjour vous vous parlez Anglais I have
a question we had a ticket booked to
Bali um today but they get the ticket
got cancelled so I just wanted to check
if we booked a ticket online right now
it's the flight with even five hours is
that a problem or is that totally okay
okay so if the system allows us to book
we're all good
perfect bulb that then we are just gonna
book it and start packing because we are
a little late now that we had a canceled
ticket all right thanks so much thank
you bye bye
that's a day 1905 from knees to
Frankfurt Frankfurt to Singapore
Singapore to Devas are we are closing in
on whether this will allow us to book or
not come let us go to Bali let us go to
Bali today we're not team overkill we're
more like team super mega chaos booking
Jumper
haha high-five Oh water oh I'll spell
the water
booking reference it's now 2:00 p.m.
which means that we book the ticket to
Bali five hours before we flow look how
nice it is in there now
I've been rearranging so we have space
for the queue I am in love with a queue
by the way it is so small and strictly
amazing for some of the stuff like this
morning it's perfect you go for a run
and it's a perfect little camera right
so I think we're pretty much organized
I'm ready to go
you have to stabilize in there we have
our tripod here I think we're pretty
good now ready to go to Bali and shoot
some surf you know what we don't have
I just realized one thing we should have
gotten a long time ago we have this but
if we're going to ball you we're gonna
shoot surf yeah this is not a very good
tripod I see our point there cuz we were
saying okay let's get this lens so we
can't shoot try surfing but we
completely forgot that we need a tripod
so do have time to get one
what time Jana what time is it three
three one and a half hour should we run
over and get one yes yes if we have a
mega setup with the Leica and then we're
on the beach how can we we are stupid
okay let's run over port and get it okay
I think we need it it's worth it's worth
the run
Bonjour we're back again yes what come
we realize that we needed a tripod okay
because we have every camera here you
can have but we realize we never bought
a tripod and we leave in one hour us
we're okay kind of in a hurry okay okay
then we need to run home yeah no way
I know going through a Bali Indonesia
so filming surfing then we need a tripod
but I'm pretty sure maybe we can find
one there straight away thank you for
the help
exactly see you thank you by the way
it's fantastic idea no we should have
ordered a good one a long time ago but
we haven't done anything where we needed
it so hopefully if I'm running bawling
but at least we got a nice little walk
I think that is everything and I think
we managed to pecker stuff up in time so
I think if everyone's ready to go I
think we should go let's go yeah let's
go
you
you
xiexie place when we have a possible
window would be fantastic preferably on
the left side
team blue or so matching yeah the big
bets are the small best is in the
secretly displaying all the models are
you ready for today's comment do you
know as a matter of fact we have time on
the airport so we figure that today's
comment is perfect right now
yes do you have one I have one I saw one
person asked us what do you think of
when you booked tickets like what do you
prioritize and how do you pick the
tickets you buy and I thought that was
valid since we're traveling you know
so when we buy tickets number one we
want this cheap tickets as possible
number two we always look at how long
they are I want the shortest travel time
possible number three while number three
is probably maybe a bit higher on the
list is we try to keep it within story
lines which you know SAS Singapore Thai
Lufthansa these airlines we get the
point now we have I've ever started
looking at maybe switching networks
because Yanni now lives in Monaco which
means that I pretty much never travel to
Sweden but yes keeping everything within
one airline group I think it's really
nice to get the points and you get
upgrading things and then what else do
we look at I guess those are kind of the
main things we booked him usually on
Expedia which has really been sucking
the last two days with cancelling our
tickets but they have been really good
for the last three four years or we
check my window for tickets as well or
we booked straight on Norwegian or SS
yeah so that's where we booked and I
guess those are some of the main things
I look at when I booked travels and I
usually booked everything really
last-minute even though today was
probably a new record for a trip to the
other side of the planet with six hours
in advance that's today's question
is everybody ready yes let's go to Bali
