what do you mean yah-yah-yah I have so
many things to do
yeah we have because I realize we're
traveling to the other side of the
planet tomorrow
and we're a mess as usual because I
think a first thing we need to do is
check surfboard status do we have
surfboards downstairs and my storage
room is kind of a mess so that's number
one on the mission that's today yes take
the race helmet down and we are you race
look at this a super light yeah for when
you're an amateur you don't have a
flashlight in a dark storage room I
think it's gonna work and then all these
text messages I'm having one of those
days where I get a million email sorry I
get a million emails I'm a late million
phone calls in I'm just trying to find
the time for life Lunz is another
waiting I cannot wait to get on a plane
twelve hours of nothing
yes I love that idea with your new
headphones yeah alright let's strike see
if we find surfboards so we haven't
trying to figure out you forgot the key
- why is this thing starting like this
jeez
what's it open it was open
what and didn't check before you got the
gates no I did okay so having a daily
vlog means you get to see the real side
of me which was kind of a so the
question is what do I have in this surf
bag and what do I have in the one that's
in the very back hmm
let's take it out and see and then the
real question
it's also if my back is good enough to
surf mmm
or if I'll be long boarding
boogie-boarding
yes but
really or if we are gonna have to switch
roles yeah I'll be on the beach find
drums like I'll by the way has anyone of
you guys flown a drone in Bali anyone
knows how its regulations wise any
experience please tell us in the
comments that will be really for you we
probably don't need ski pants ah here's
my other shoe you're looking at this
question mean your other shoes I found
one of them like your winter shoe and
only one of them in the ski bag yes sir
in a surf bag okay both are coming but
we don't have a leash I don't have a
leash this is interesting for me I've
never surfed before never ever what do
you mean never ever no just curious if
you never look these guys open as well
you want the new chair no but I want
their space come on
are you willing to agree that with our
second a slight bit today yeah they're
not sucking at all there you go right
into the lamp because I bought that last
week was one epic one it is one epic
lamp
look at it not in a 30 square meter
apartment probably not it's fun to go
through the storage room though you have
more lamps yeah laughs what oh yeah
madonna di campiglio
done yeah we just need a finicky to take
the fence off this before I pack this up
so I'm just put this in here I'll come
down later but it's nice like have a
look in here now how much more organized
this 2 seconds
I need my light it's better right so
organized everything's relative do you
have any suggestions for lunch
I do actually something easier cos
pancakes pancakes yes that's not easy
yeah that's easy all right well in that
case you're making the pancakes all
right let's see what you come up first
we go and get groceries and then we see
what you can do like it was yes so what
are you thinking about Marcus pancake
skills yeah don't you I guess there's
only one way to find out how Marcus
pancake skills are we're gonna go get
them the necessities and then it's all
up to Marcus
that was so funny the lady in the
cashier was so excited about us filming
and she thought I should speak French in
all the videos you should know I I told
her I think that people would make fun
of us if I spoke French but now it's all
about Marcus Marcus let's see what you
got pancake boys
Marcus valor it smells good in here it
does right look at that it's not
Instagram friendly I bet they taste good
no but it smells fantastic
yeah have you ever seen me make food
before I am the most food I've seen you
make is a cheese and ham sandwich now
sometimes with salami on yeah well how
about I set the table and then you
finish up the last and then we will see
how things work out perfect
are you sure it's wrecking now and I was
wrecking okay I guess everything thank
to we just had like 10 minutes of
explaining how incredible mark is
pancakes for and now we were mixing them
with different things
put the camera didn't record so what did
we say we had berries and peanut butter
any kind Queen and Nutella and we have
cheese here because I'm gonna try like a
CREP stop can bottom line was that it
was absolutely incredible
yeah I'm going to Marcus cheesy Nutella
is always good didn't know how we know I
learned that jisun to tell is good in
Norway Norway has such dry bread they
have to put everything you can on it but
I say that's enough pancakes and all the
weird things you can have on pancakes
and Marcus cooking skills talking so I
say we jump straight to today's question
and today's question is more of a
comment I guess a comment that I've seen
popping up here and there pretty much
well almost every single day and that is
that people seem to love to compare our
vlog to KC nice this vlog which is to us
is uh is a huge compliment because we
think KC is incredible at what he does
and I thought it was a good thing to
bring it up because as many people
already have comment that is that I
think that we're doing two very
different things and it's hard to
compare two different books and I mean
KC it's impossible to beat KC in the
sort of vlog that he does the amount of
end times he changes angles and like the
crazy storytelling and how he keeps
everything he wants to do and it said
the whole time it's just incredible like
unless someone gets dropped off from
space and there's an alien among us then
no one will ever make it better vlog in
this sort of long the case he does we
love what Katie Casey does but we are
trying to do a bit you know different we
live in different life's of course
they're going to be different but we
love to focus a bit more on you know
slow motion camera quality is
stabilizers and we let the movie making
aspect of it of course there is things
the
Casey does that we love and see that
that that's the only reason I don't like
Casey because if we want to be unique
and do our own thing we can't really
copy Casey but the problem is that Casey
has done every single way of shooting
stuff that you could possibly do so
whatever you shoot you're gonna be
compared to say that okay she did that
in this and now all that but I mean
Casey didn't invent all this but he was
kind of the first in the vlog world to
use all these things so we want to try
to keep our unique style and we are
still really a lot in the learning
process of trying to learn movie and I
want to do how we want to create our
look and we're testing out different
things and I guess the bottom line is
that I think that we probably shouldn't
compare vlogs because they're different
I think I mean I absolutely love Casey's
but then there's a you know Devin
Supertramp who does the super high
quality stuff and I I think we want to
kind of create a mix of that yes this is
not good good explanation yes try say we
stop town wasting our time comparing and
commenting on that and asking us fun
questions is that good plan does that
make sense
yes I just want to bring it up because I
see it so many times and and to be
honest every time I see it I get real
happy because yeah we're big faster
cases but you already knew that who
couldn't be a fan of that he is like the
world champion in storytelling so yeah
yeah congrats to him Congress the Casey
one for the next 100 years in
storytelling on a vlog yes but we were
going to try to make something equally
good but a bit different so that was
today's question very good question and
I think with that we can probably end
today we can because we have a lot of
things to get under control we have a
million cameras to charge since we're
camera nerds and we got to make sure
that we're we have life under control
yeah see you tomorrow when we are
heading off to the airport
ciao
you and what are you doing
we're shooting a time lab we can't shoot
time lapses that's cases thing no Casey
does amazing time lapse and yes we said
we are not copying people but we used to
do time lapse back in like 1999 when we
shots evil voice so time lapse are not
Casey's things and time lapse are cool
so I want a couple time-lapse and that
does not mean we're copying Casey fine
in that case
Casey is copying our ski movies from 99
yeah exactly so we can do a couple time
lapse here and there this time lapse our
cool
