yah yah yah yah yah got this laughs ah
you found scary
no out the hannasseys
yeah the camera look good morning I am
now officially 34 years old even though
I feel more like 16 be French croissants
straight out of the oven can I always
have breakfast in bed it's really nice
what time is it 8:30 god we're getting a
lot of sleep here in Monaco the
mandatory yummy smoothie wake up for
about ten years
I spent my birthday 100% alone in a
hotel room in New Zealand skiing and the
highlight of the day was some Indian
food all alone so this is really nice
you had it like this for the last three
years true that I was just saying what I
had before I met you mm-hmm because this
is much nicer than your birthday with
your loved ones and you get coffee in
bed and then we can play with the cue
mm-hmm Johnny shoot some outfits today
yeah sometimes I can wear glasses ha
and now to the good part of having a
birthday you get total super love on
your cell phone you feel special a good
wait first I want to tell a quick story
a good example of how much I care about
gear and and having exactly the gear I
want because when we were young we did
not have money whatsoever we had enough
money to go skiing and buy second-hand
gear and my mom would sew up the speed
suits meaning I could help design that
which was really cool but I once saw
these carbon-fiber poles that I was like
oh my god I want those carbon fiber
poles they're the coolest thing I had
ever seen of course we had didn't have I
think there were 16 1700 euros and that
was like 10 times whatever we could buy
a pair of poles for but then I came up
with a creative solution that what if I
cancelled the school or the field trip
that our class had been saving for for
three years so I ended up taking the
money out of the field trip that we
saved for and I bought a pair of ski
poles and had to sit at home when all
the other guys went on foot on a field
trip so this whole thing with buying a
new Leica and things like that it's been
in my G's for a long time if I want
something I'll figure out a way how to
do it and take sacrifices to do it but
the harder I work the less sacrifices I
have to do in order to get what I want I
just want to tell that story because I
think it's cool to show that if you
really want something and you can do it
anything's possible
our main income to go skiing when I was
younger was to go and pick blueberries
my dad would find my dad worked as a
police officer with a dog and he would
often be out looking for people are
missing that we're trying to find
blueberries so when he was looking for
them he always found these epic spots to
pick blueberries so this one time I told
my dad look I really want to go to the
ski camp in Norway and he said I'm sorry
son but we can't afford that and I was
like I'll do whatever it takes like I
don't care I I need to go so then he
said all right well I was just looking
for a few people and I ran across like
the most incredible blueberry spot ever
so if you want to go we can pick
blueberries so three days I think I was
13 at this point so in three days
I picked 370 liters of blueberries that
is 37 10 liter buckets so I picked all
of that and we could not we couldn't put
him in the car that's how much
blueberries it was we had to bring a
trailer to bring the blueberries back so
we picked that sold that and I got to go
on a ski camp and we're not talking
luxury ski camp I got to go skiing
living in a tent wall ski put so much I
love skiing
I get obsessed with things and I just
want to do it all the time and do it 110
percent and Here I am 34 years old with
beautiful girlfriend an apartment of
Monarch on a house in Marbella and if I
wouldn't have been stupid enough to pick
those blueberries when I was 13
I probably wouldn't have been here so
that's going to conclude our morning
little confession hour but I just feel
good so I wanted to share these memories
of mine since it is my birthday but what
is a birthday without a happy team yes
when is your birthday
14th of December ah coming up Wow four
months oh I feel like we started this
blog six days ago and it's happier soon
you know where we are
14th of December uh most likely North
Shore of Hawaii so I'm gonna bake your
cake and put you on a longboard and
throw you out pipelines okay so know we
had a good morning I don't know what
else we should do today again decide
whatever you want I want to have cool
gifts okay
no it's it apparently means that
canceled canceled in English isn't it
like delayed no it's canceled
you have the booking number there
because we need to walk towards a doctor
okay let's go like that game update O's
well so are the tickets we booked or
cancelled oh the money back and we get
the money back good because we've moved
18th of September yeah turns out we
booked the wrong month so I guess we got
to go home and do a second try to tap on
a computer oh my god but I get around to
the doctor's real quick and yeah I'll
meet you guys back there helping huh be
down in 15 minutes okay
it's a doc just always nice I just did
it with small feet justice for insurance
of my feet you know the standard stuff
goods good to fit all this in if I can
become good I'm gonna give you these
forever gasps okay she at home yeah I'll
see you though
so what's up we have ticket sir yeah if
you want to be broke we have tickets
really so we don't have tickets it's
thousand euros per person an experienced
been down
yeah the site is down Lufthansa is down
down so someone is telling us not to go
I think should we listen to the sign
hell no never listen to sign Lufthansa
a380 the big plane I am read everything
an approved by now time to pack your bag
your book your travel is booked you want
the gift yes I want the gift let's turn
this day around they want the big gift
or small news first small your first Oh
perfect for our trip thank you you're
welcome
I can never sleep and I was looking at
these yesterday I hope they're correct
35 yeah you wanted Marquez he's the
expert so I shouldn't show the logo it's
thank you Yanni not both this is not
some fake commercial this is harder and
why is it okay thank you you're welcome
B these are one of the few things that I
really wanted but I was I was too cheap
to buy them big
hina coffee machine yeah but then you
said you don't want any more coffee
we can go back thank you one no but I
still love coffee turns out that I can
buy a non coffee I coffee free coffee
yeah no that's what I want to do so I
went to the doctor just to do general
checkup and it turns my blood pressure
is a tiny bit high and I'm like can that
have something to do with me having
three coffees in a diet coke just before
coming here it is like yes so then I
said okay I need to really cut down on
coffee and then you buy this like epic
coffee machine that's kind of making one
coffee
I'm really curious how each other's
gonna say just the same okay success so
now we're gonna see how does decaf
coffee taste like so let's try this uh
decaf coffee it's actually really good
yeah told ya how did the CCO go with
robot ah the physio it seems basically
so we we discussed if I should get an
MRI or not but where I have the issue in
the back an MRI wouldn't really tell us
anything and the physio he is really
really good at what he does he has a lot
of top athletes in Monaco and so
basically what he said is that whatever
they find on the MRI if they were to
find anything wouldn't change the
treatment and the treatment is basically
do whatever you want as long as you
don't feel pain so it's hard for them to
know if it's a damaged ligament sort of
within the spine or if it's actually
like a bruise yeah Bruce in between the
joints so all I can do is wait and hope
for the best and get a lot of massages
is good stretch a lot but what are we
doing tomorrow now that we have an extra
day that's trying to Italy no let's go
go-karting
Oh what are the odds that we booked the
wrong month and the flight gets canceled
before we even otherwise we're doing
three dumbass showing up in these
airport hello we want to go to uh okay
so angry they're like there's no flight
there come on of course like stop doing
your job I'm gonna show you my
email Oh September well either way we
now have a ticket in two days the bottom
which is gonna be awesome
hello I was the eye doctor interesting
well we had like double whammy
uh yeah cuz of Yummy's I well okay so to
summarize my prom first is that my
glasses that I have need to be twice as
strong
so making new glasses and then the red
eye is surgery okay so whenever I feel
that I have some time over I should get
surgery so we'll have to schedule that
in somewhere and then like 2074 and I
would you Yanni he was doing a checkup
and then he was just like turning my
like this and then all of a sudden I had
a needle in my eye
did you was there painful yeah I mean he
was like don't move and then he was
picking me with a neat looks like huh
man we took a couple photos in there we
took a little blog Greg so here's a
couple of photos from in there
so for exciting but anyway it is about
time to shower and get ready we're going
to dinner yes a dinner yes I'm excited
let's go party yah we're getting stuff
done today oh yeah UHN
what before you jump in the shower yeah
I got something for you too
UHN this will be interesting let's sit
down and read it down do I really need
to sit down for this
now you're scaring me what do you think
in it I have absolutely yeah first I
thought it was a CD disc but like a
mixtape so sorry of for all the like ink
everywhere in my hand written and
writing hi yes hope hopefully you can
understand it
happy birthday to you happy 34th
birthday it's not easy
buying a precedent for someone who has
everything they want everything they
want except a red helium 8 k camera so
it got me thinking about what you don't
what you don't want the limitations was
too big as you're always open to try and
new the new stuff but then I realized a
conversation we had a couple months ago
so here's the deal this card serves as a
gift card for eight fifteen thousand
feet skydive Java
that's coz I'm scared of you told me not
to do all right let me keep breathing
here yeah and not only that you will be
jumping with probably the best guide
ever in the world you'll kiss omer like
that makes you less scared since this is
a gift and it's rude not to accept them
you're basically gonna have to do this
even if it scares the out of you
thank you for being awesome
if everyday I'm looking forward to many
more birthdays to come hope I don't get
fired the question question is are you
jumping with me no cuz this is the only
way I can make you do it and not have to
do it myself
we had a discussion okay well thank you
I'm gonna go skydiving with yoga Somer
yes you're of course you can come you
love that stuff awesome no but it's like
it's one thing that you should do in
life but yeah it scares me because if
some embrace'
you're like super mega dead but he's
like decreases dose my entire life
okay he does know his stuff so I'd
rather jump with York even though he's
crazy than some random like normal yeah
that was my first thought and then I hit
him up on Instagram and said hey we need
to figure it out and hopefully I can
borrow some cool Red Bull stuff too yes
thank you for making me do stuff I don't
want to do skydiving yes I guess so
always ready suit it up I figured you
know we don't go up that much at night
it's my birthday
I'm not turning 34 I get old so I
thought it was a good suit occasion I
filled I'm hitting cried I'm hitting a
midlife crisis oh not yet
you
you
everything hey miss cerium yeah yeah you
gotta have a nice Street when it's your
birthday like it looks like a Hawaii see
we get up a mango like have drinks
throughout Buddha bar and they I don't
know why we don't come here more often
because it's amazing funko specialist
please that's chicken salad
the sushi mentor that might be the best
thing you can possibly happy birthday
and the sparkly sparkles remind me of my
old life
oh they're really oh ha ha
thank you guys a unhappy birthday funny
story I always hate when people say to
me when I was a kid I would cry my dad
sang to me and he knows that they love
singing you had a question Marcus yeah
I'm today's comment before we end things
and you need to be quick because we're
running out of time okay
um how was your birthday I had a
fantastic birthday good except for the
part where they said they'd have to cut
up my eye open but who cares about that
yeah and they cancelled slide okay I
canceled my okay
