and today we are saying good morning
from Hong Kong and the Formula e race
here and as you can see we're not here
just to look at the race we're here to
drive this little thing and I've driven
a lot of things but nothing it's like it
feels like it's 2058 that we're in Hong
Kong for life we're living the future
and I am kind of nervous because it's a
city track it's right in the middle of
Hong Kong like downtown so you have the
skyscrapers and everything and that
means the tight track no place to crash
so I'm gonna go watch the simulator and
then I'm gonna dress up and get ready
but it's exciting this is why we flew
all the way here I could just stay here
all day I love when I get to be a racer
for a day let's just not show any lap
time so pretend those absolutely killer
you all right simulator time in order to
like kind of know where I'm going in
later times yeah turns out the
simulators are not open this early so
this is my simulator time 25 minutes
look at the onboard lap it's right
because no one the track is like the
hardest thing just what is like you
don't want a sign yeah but you don't
want to be going flat out but then you
forgot that there are some paths so I'm
going like diversity this thought the
whole time but it's good practice
because like you want to race you need
to be able to transform this so that if
you come to a new track you know what's
up but I put the phone here because I
was like cuz it's like you've never
driven anything like this
first time in an electric race car right
now here you coming into SS and pretty
fast fast focused 1000% think you came
right into the fastest corner track got
it
ready where's the race are you gonna
show that boxer again I haven't turned
my boxes in like a really long time so I
thought it was time
enjoy
probably the worst thing of done all
year it's gonna be unbuckle these belts
and get out of this car I think I don't
want to leave this thing one more in
these like a hundred more although I
don't have focus for a hundred but that
was out of this world it hums like I
jumped straight into a movie where I was
the racing star
good joke it was the most surreal thing
up dog it was you're looking around
seniors in skyscrapers you realize
you're alone on the track there in Hong
Kong and you're in a formula e car it's
a summary of the last evening
well I only care about the last two
minutes the last two minutes were like
the best I feel sad I don't know what to
do to talk this thank you so much it was
like lost for words took one experience
in a car for sure like because it's like
it's like the other fastest cars I've
driven except the surrealistic feeling
of being powered by electricity is like
yeah it feels like the best thing I've
ever done but 30 years in the future
yeah if that explains it and I was
looking at 2016
onboard lap yeah turns out the chicane
in the first corner
he finished wait wait wait I missed the
chicane it was incredible yeah now I'm
like really sad maybe I can go beat up
one of the drivers and take their spot
maybe
so now that we know how it is to drive a
real formula e car it's time to go have
some fun we are gonna go I want to try
it I'm gonna try it now
now Benny's gonna go hit the wall in a
four-million car but on a simulator
because that's way cheaper it hit the
wall and something like that so next up
is simulator maybe we'll even get to
race but I know that once I tried it and
I was like really really really bad no
you know the target
I saw that the racers that compete
informally here were challenging the
crowd that's here I think they got there
was one guy they got their ass kicked by
like eight-year-old be the move know
what uh be five drivers that's okay to
suck on this yeah
it doesn't necessarily tell you if
you're a good or a bad drive nervous
that's so strange
I hate
this is not my thing and I don't think
it would be mine either
and there are drifting than that's right
I was tucked ability in what it is
you're a better simulator driver than I
am
today we knows Ewing you're one
but not in real life that we don't know
let's pretend it lets go go-karting and
then we would see we are on the grid I
have never ever been considered
important enough to be on the grid of a
race like this in the past those scare
and they apparently stood understand so
now I'm a youtuber and we're here look
here give all the cars so we're gonna go
look at a couple teams we actually have
a suite in pole position there's one
first one thing I need to introduce here
on the grid that's very important look
at these wheels ah that's your favorite
I'm such a wheel nerd but like I see
inspiration for this because I love my
see the white lip it's like a
traditional rim is very important you
know the best part about a great block
is you get to see the drivers like fit
five minutes before the start and you
see the different drivers some are like
it's a bird like let's go like I you
recognize the feeling so much from
skiing that I personally I'd love to
have stuff happening you're out so like
anything to distract me from what I was
gonna do because I'm so nervous
some guys they're like shield off I
would talk to the starter like yeah yeah
it's so rad like verse over see the
start
I'm trying to focus but this place has
just amazing landscapes and skyscrapers
and everything we need to work something
out here don't look left
sorry I'm back see that is the villain
the villain from fast and furious a big
big fan but he's the gnarly guy futures
you know one thing that I really hate I
was like I ain't no problem and then I
hear that it's live because there's
always a delay on my life so sometimes
when it's a lot like you cannot talk as
you hear your voice one second later
luckily there was no delay I got like
you know that's like gut feeling when
you look I've always wanted to be one of
the people that gets to hang out in the
grid before the start you ready to race
good luck everybody
ah
and that was like kind of a perfect way
to end like if what we're not ending the
day so Babel the washer race after
having been on the track in the car in
the morning brings a whole other aspect
like now I can see how hard it is to do
what they're doing and how easy it is to
lock up the brakes and you know lose
that race but we do want to say
congratulations to Daniel app not only
is he turning 25 today he won the race
and he's got the best-looking rims on
the whole grid so how about we hope give
him like a great birthday gift he does
YouTube as well so how about we all like
you go get them to follow below I think
that's the best gift we can give him
then it's a super coiour so emotional
for him with us dad owning the team and
then Audi getting involved and people
speculating whether he had a seat on the
team because it's that on the team
previously now without he involved in
him winning the race the best I liked
about those kind of stories that like I
like them it's goosebumps
very much so yeah I think we're gonna go
to more of these races it's really nice
can we yes we are going to more races
but first we need to go to the hotel
grab a shower I am smelling really
pretty terrible after a race suit in a
sweaty car this morning
so hotel and then food food
what do you think did you keep it say
that like this probably not like I can
do this when Yanni's not around she
hates when I don't shave but now I've
been too focused all day to shave I was
gonna say before I thought of the beard
that we should really go have some
Chinese food when we're a Hong Kong what
kind of a Hong Kong vlog would this be
without something like that yeah what so
we're actually gonna vent your help from
the hotel of like try something what do
you think of this place look at that
name did you pronounce it I can it be
good speed good fortune in your mouth I
just learnt yeah
so turns that and I screamed too much
all day but I was gonna say it turns out
the holy fork was really popular and it
was too busy there so we took take away
and we found this beautiful prints yeah
we have some friends here for dinner so
we're gonna enjoy all this all these
local dishes or semi local at least and
yeah my voice is done cuz I was
screaming so much in the car and my
brains fried completely fried
because when you drive I was looking
through the photos and every single
photon like I'm like smile on a goddamn
photo but it turns out I focused up it
was awesome but now energy is gone so
we're just gonna enjoy this under the
stars
there's stars and we'll check back once
we are in Europe heading to Monaco next
so check back real soon and we're gonna
stay over and out from a one of the
shorter but better trips I've had all
year
yeah ciao ciao what happens
