we're recording should I start yes go
ahead and start I have to start with
saying that I have something in my eye
that's probably some of you saw in the
last vlog I think it's called a sty in
my eye so you just wanted to get that
out there so that you can be on video
when people don't wonder what it is
um what I wanted to say is that we need
to stop like pushing our travels ahead
of us so I say that we start hammering
that computer and booked a ticket what
do you think Marcus yes yes I totally
agree let's hammer that computer and get
ourselves a ticket but first we should
have an ice cream in the morning yes how
about you go get an ice cream and we
start hammering the computer ok - Marcus
diet ice cream and diet coke so you
hammer down and see what you find
and I hammer down and see what I find
and then we book ok
show flight information 1905 and then 12
hours to Singapore and then we have two
hours in Singapore and then another
two-hour flight
I'm already tired 1:07 abd I have
diamond little ad for SIA diamond
I said see you okay diamond with a K no
marios on my name
it's see ya what's your middle high pass
your middle name Marcus G you goodnight
sir
yeah nice pronunciation special
assistance dear Marcus yeah he's blind
with a dog indeed free supply of ice
cream how do you want to pay it's s your
name in there do you want to pay Hammer
hammer
we just hammered go Yanni done Anna yeah
a saw comment I'm not on our vlog that
it's sometimes boring because we don't
travel enough well that's about to
change
yeah we're books Hey whoo party time and
now I gotta take high five
we basically fly in 48 hours that's the
kind of planning in advance that we work
with hit us up with comments on with you
you think we should do in Bali
I've been 10 times so I know the area
pretty well um hopefully they have a
good medicine for this oh they have
every kind of medicine their jungle I
want to go monkeys just so you know the
monkeys hate Yanni do they they hate
girls
no they attacked me several times you
will love the monkeys Marcos
I'm not going to the monkeys monkeys are
super fun why don't we get dressed and
go outside and do three missions okay
should we do the spin thing spin it
let's do some car spotting Oh
there you go okay thank you yeah let's
go there's no forest why not
show up beautiful our voices
first wasn't one thing find something
for Yanni's I I think it's maybe coming
down a little
yeah it's more good and more like pointy
this one to people with broken eyes yes
well let's see my mother and the second
thing is that we need to eat I'm
starving
where are we weird smear in the
Metropole sorry mom
the best place to eat lunch in Monica I
think so it's our grand place and I
think it's the best so I just got stuck
in a phone conference that I told him to
forgot about but it's good thing that
you can do these things on nowadays you
know I'm really hungry
so the third thing we are going to do
today was not to vial like a cube but we
ended up here so we're going to look at
it once more because I really feel it
has incredible potential what have you
done you got impulsive again can we just
say that about a memory call right yeah
that's like that's an expensive memory
card than
I haven't synced a9 from that stupid
camera for too long and we tested it in
daylight in the orphanage it looks
pretty good in daylight Michigan was
Lauren's day and I loved it so yes we
just got another like oh I feel like a
crazy person but you are a crazy person
I guess I am thank you thank you okay
this little piece of art is now finally
hold thanks up you're welcome
it's just my birthday tomorrow it's your
birthday today tomorrow yeah but when
this is up oh yeah everyone go to your
Instagram and we should happy birthday
birthday today
yeah so happy birthday to me what day
twice okay tomorrow you'll see something
else so if I give this to myself what am
I getting from you guys who knows should
we wrap it tonight and give it to him
tomorrow morning yes
memory card another Cameron on their
memory card so I've been kind of
dreaming about this camera for a long
time because I heard it's like the best
camera and then me and Marcus have said
that no we do not be crazy but for are
we kidding we are crazy I always tell
you to not be crazy and you tell me
you're the crazy one okay so you tell me
you don't be crazy and then in the next
sentence you said god I really want that
cute solder up that's really helping
yeah sorry
this is gonna make us take more photos
yes a notice that we can start updating
the blog with photos him everyone who
don't know you NASA blog not just a
video blog but some regular blog a
regular blog are you stopped dating with
photos every single day and then we
started at the blog and then I just kind
of like didn't have time but now with
this I kind of think we should do it but
we should really get better at like
collaborations and like free stuff
instead of burning and whole
sponsorships spot will respond so ship
what's up I heard about a thing called
brand deals yeah but if a brand deal
comes from something that we think is
not the best there is
we aren't taking any brand deals look
how much cooler it is now oh like a
style well let's clean up a bit charge
up a bit and then it'll help up head up
for what so we are going to go out and
try this little camera with this FEA
tech gimbal and see if we like it
it'd be really nice if you liked it I'm
in focus yep
God what a good camera that I'm in focus
so why not take a little walk and just
shoot a bit yeah excited over your gear
yeah I mean we have been talking about a
small camera for a long time 425 days be
honest small camera on a gimbal yeah for
moments like this when we just want to
go out chill and maybe not bring the
biggest of setups I like my own birthday
gift go down to the beach here chill on
the beach yeah no sure
I'll do whatever do I think it works
what do you guys think good
is that me looking like a weirdo
spinning so good I think we have the
thumbnail for the video I think we
should take some photos while we have
this thing out see what it can do photo
wise even though the lights work we're
not really being nice to the camera
trying it in this light it's kind of
horrible no Monica afternoon light is
crap for photos let's do some photos
do some photos
you
you
you
back on film mode yeah that was really
fun to play with that it's such an easy
little camera to shoot with yeah it's
like a point in shooting on mega
steroids yes which is the way we like it
so today's comment where does mark to
sleep on you're all three yeah there's a
ton of mosquitoes when you're all three
in the small apartment and it's their
privacy simple question of that no there
are no privacy whatsoever Markus sleeps
on the couch about three meters away
from me and Yanni the only reason that
works is because we're all three
workaholics so usually I go to bed first
Yanni comes in a little later probably
when I fell asleep and then Marcus goes
to bed when we're all asleep like five
hours after you yeah later
it's lit but then you google a lot of
stuff that you'll sleep longer in the
morning yes I sleep in yeah we should
probably get a Ambala we get a separate
bedroom but it works because we're
workaholics and then mean Yanni sneak
off the secret rendezvous whenever he
can
so that's it for today that's it for
today so then we will see you guys
tomorrow and hopefully that guy can stop
yelling yes and as usual
okay blah ciao
