we good and good morning morning we have
thought again yes we like Sun a lot
better than rain so we're gonna
kickstart this day which is gonna be a
really long day
boring kickstart inside the gym because
Pete the Richards here to kill our likes
and we are on the healthy schedule so
it's time to like do a lot of things be
healthy and smile
Pope Francis tree
yes good
what's a touchdown
ha
but alright enjoy em Hong Kong I'll be
honest and it's good brought lunch yes
first buzz-buzz yeah this is round Silva
leaving wife at the house like it no we
got a plan that like it it's like that
doesn't happen by itself I realized put
the flight this gonna fly without us if
we better jump in I can't but be real
quick yeah I think I have everything
beautiful so potable and once we get to
the airport de Malaga we're gonna
explain what we're doing there yeah so
the reason that we are at the airport
flying to Hong Kong is because me and
Benny were invited to come check out the
Formula e race in Hong Kong and you know
I love my cars racing and all this but
slight little bonus in there I am gonna
be able to drive a Formula e car and
since like everything with electric cars
is such an up-and-coming trend and I
mean it is the future I'm really excited
to like learn a bit more about it and
see how they use in racing but I am
nervous cuz it is a city track that's
the cool thing with formulat they go
around different cities in the world and
race in the cities so I get 15 minutes
in that race car on a city circuit no
warmup
so it's like please don't crush it we
should probably go since we are starting
didn't you know find our pace in the
line which is the next as usual but
since there's gonna be a lot of flying
we figured that we would just jump on
board and say hi and then just pick up
once we're in longer the gates not
closed but we wanted to have a freakin
London sign that was the closest we got
yeah
but we're not gonna stay here long
because we're going on I guess it's that
first adventure of the day yeah first
adventure starts now because we're gonna
try out
could they I don't know how to say it no
cathay kathai Airways and try out the
business cost there because I've tried a
lot of different airlines and today
we're gonna make a little review yeah I
say we jump straight into the plane
instead of us babbling yes and then see
what could I what they got three two one
cut tight are you ready yes let's see
what they got
where you sitting ready why are we not
sitting in this like that yes oh la la I
mean this is not too bad
welcome to business craps
it's just that freaking first class over
their job messes up like is there no so
far so good
I think it's better than many exports is
way better than export then I'll go
search penny go search so we have this
that's good yes you have one I don't
know what it is for but then we have a
big city but not as big as the first
class we have a big leg compartment
space which is not as big as the first
pass there is an important thing that's
but okay you can watch the movie yeah
that's like I really like SS but the
only downside with them is that as soon
as you tilt down a tiny bit
the off angle on the screen makes the
screen by fantastic orange juice yes I'd
say freshly squeezed no way so a whole
selection pretty good I would say
I think most airlines are pretty similar
err the movie selection was so Emirates
still winning above average I would say
he's so much
what do we have I mean I gotta say
something first
all business classes are nice it's all
fantastic but we're trying to review
versus business the business so just so
you see our our analyzing standpoint yes
so everything's great fantastic we're
trying to be a credits we're glad I
could decide if you're gonna fit it but
it's always me of course see that's
sweet thing fine business we only had
one toothpastes I'm like I don't want to
steal Yanis toothpaste but we're gonna
get to spoon so that's how you play you
have socks so ear plates mouthwash
toothpaste lip balm yeah herbal recovery
advanced Sarah rosewater balancing mist
like this there's a bit back toilet
absolutely but I'm mostly focused on the
food cause I'm really hungry
first contestants
as a starter contouring with some
warm garlic pasta with spicy tomato
sauce
and phobias salad with salmon so senses
and the cheese
it's great
and blast police
thank you so much
to finish things off a piece of my
chocolate thing
we might be the best single item I've
ever had on an airplane
yeah
but now time for the most important
thing how do you sleep in this thing we
have a solid eight and a half something
hours left so first a little bit of
hanging out with Vin Diesel air in XXX
XXX and then we're gonna get back to you
on how you can sleep
doodles
thank you did you get out before me
I don't know magic happens let's just
come back in 15 minutes fun way yeah now
we can pick up a good coffee some fresh
air and first time staining a Hong Kong
ground never been here before on the
Baddeley over here
oh yeah only layover but now we're gonna
jump in this really nice car and drive
40 minutes towards the city I think so
thank you Thank You Stephen and they
drive on the right side I do learning
something new all the time so to
conclude our little airline review of
Cathay I would say that it's a great
airline you know like I'd say all
businesses are great I would say their
service is I was gonna say that their
service is it was right up there with
Emirates like they're the two airlines
that I think I've had the best service
kind very kind super super nice so
fantastic flight super super nice but
now it's time to explore Hong Kong right
oh yes
first a little more coffee Ben even did
the song for that what I have
ah
what a cool place oh yeah we could have
shot b-roll from leaving the airport to
the city and and we could have made a
whole blog out of bureau now I gotta say
first impression it seems like maybe
like the coolest city I've seen yeah
it's like a futuristic New York mixed
with a lot of other cool stuff I love
going to new places that I've never been
don't know much about and it's just new
we have two days to explore two days to
explore so quick shower explore
oh wow hello Tim that's you Wow 33rd
floor
this second is Hong Kong supercars and
streets were usually done supercars so
we I wish it was earlier but we're gonna
try to run around the city and see a
little bit yeah I don't know where to go
we're just like we exit the hotel and
we're gonna run around we have half an
hour before the sunset
so can the Hong Kong atmosphere yeah so
current status as normal with UNAM bunny
exit the hotel room where we have no
idea where it is we don't know where to
go and we are just walking around in
Hong Kong like get all where's the city
but no internet nothing network sign we
are now in this intersection and all we
can see is massage places maybe that's a
sign should we ask someone we want to
find a cool area
thank you thank you okay
we are told Main Street right yes
who goes to Hong Kong and have no idea
where they're walking now we'll just
walk this way everything's cool and Hong
Kong
so we were just walking around and we
couldn't figure out where to go our date
on our phones died and we couldn't
Google where to go to look what we found
it for a solution then you know we found
a navigating device called the iPhone X
and it working is it nice yeah like it's
look it's great like you can't find your
way they have an iPhone X in the store
and then you get a SIM card and bam
you're like in action so we love Hong
Kong yeah the world's most expensive
tour guide so far it's so good so yeah
we love it like now we can just cruise
around figure out where to go but while
we figure out where to go I think we can
end today's vlog because we're probably
gonna be lost for a little more and
since we started the blog working out in
Spain like a long time ago I think it's
time to end today's vlog we're gonna do
a live session tomorrow on turn the
formulate you race and then a full vlog
on Sunday so make sure to follow our
instagrams below so you can get an
update of what we're doing because we're
gonna get better on updating everyone
what's going on with that said we're
gonna say ciao over and out and we're
gonna go use the GPS and find what's up
and uncle yeah what's up what's up
