I think it's go time I think it's good
time I mean we've been up here trying to
quite a few times but now the Sun snow
looks incredible so I think we're just
going to power through see how far we
can get her but why do you want to drive
a Lambo up a glacier yeah that's a good
question
I love cars I love glaciers so why not
combine the two and just go out there
and have some fun I mean that is the
only thing as you know that we try to do
you have as much fun as possible so if I
get up there I will be smiling and
that's what life is all about so goal of
today fun have fun and get up there and
- wish me luck I'm going to need
everything all the luck that you get
I feel confident with our make out tires
look at
let's go okay I'll see you up there
that was so sick it's so much but it's
like it's like you have a whole mountain
and you're in a snowmobile like the grip
I have is incredible yeah look at the
tires I love you tires
you should come for a ride I should come
for arrived yeah why don't you jump in
yeah let's go
I missed erasing
there we go see spurious is really fun
but when you can do it in the
Lamborghini it's better all right the
question is how do you set up a course
or car what have you done Ewan what have
I done I miss Gary sink so we put some
gates up there so now I'm gonna see how
a giant slalom Lamborghini ish works
because it looks really fun and at least
I don't have to hit my elbows on the
like you're doing skiing so you had too
much grip so you have to do a challenge
for yourself
you know what we just have to do things
that are fun and I think this looks like
fun so I'm going to go ahead and try it
see I agree I don't know how to put out
gates for a car but only one way to find
out but one thing is for sure this
planning was worth every second of it
whoa
Oh
well you have officially put the Lambo
on top of the glacier you have ridden GS
course and now there's only one thing
missing what's missing I have to drive
it you want to drive it of course I want
to drive it well you're on team overkill
so of course you're gonna drive it you
drive for a bit and then we just keep
having fun until we run out of gas
yeah let's go
you
