you had Morgan perfect you got it now we
can say good morning no morning in
Calabasas is it more a good morning of
us yet some peddlers for coffee we are
all coffee yet eggs so now we're gonna
live the full-on Calabasas lifestyle
grab Riley's Range Rover to go to air
one air one whew seen Kardashian and you
know that that's the place to be hmm
problem they kill Oh
air one air one Riley keeps making fun
of us for being Swedish are you in
heaven
Riley I love everyone just what you're
gonna love it more in a few minutes how
would you how would you describe air one
it's the healthiest food you can buy and
the best tasting food you can buy
basically great food
I'd say outside to experience your
winter the Flair really indicates winter
recording the first ever bite of the
legendary air one burrito here we go for
tumbs up crispy bacon ginger lemon
turmeric and cayenne it's called a
whiskey shop for some reason it's strong
if you saw like well the like when I
started buying something as I so I don't
think there's any Kardashian's here
today either like I'm so bummed like it
keep coming to these slow trendy places
no car - lets go surfing in this oh we
did see ya what's his face Will Smith
son yesterday paddlers forked trendy
Jaden Jaden
looking real cool it's the only
celebrity I saw except for live for Ali
yeah whoa this thing is all loose all
right guys I'm
I'm taking over the vlog you're out I
see guys all right what should we do
today everybody it feels so weird it's
been a while since I've done this you
know how you know you're local the
actual reason we couldn't film
Thanksgiving yesterday was actually
because Kanye was there and he was like
all upset because he had new uses
pedal-assist bike pedal assist so you
charge it it has like a small engine in
the bottom of the frame but it's built
like a regular mountain bike so you can
like pedal up hills this steep at like
15 miles an hour that's a good bike yeah
like I'll go like by myself and do like
20 mile rides in one hour
all right the path so try it you have to
just feel it
oh you're not used to be like good
downhill mountain bike we should go I
have two of these like 15 foot drops
like the bridge just like nice to do a
ton in hora so basically there's an
engine inside right here come here so
this is your power in here is like a
battery so you charge it right here
everything else is a regular mountain
bike but when you pedal you still have
to pedal it doesn't just go without
pedaling specialize yeah I have a lot of
two-wheeled objects in my garage
specialized gave me this it's like the
regular version of that the S works
$10,000 now it's ten thousand or so well
this one like for actual workouts but
you actually want to get something done
yeah this is like for moving that's for
just strictly for like fun and epicness
but I think we should go use some of
these today full-on California activity
like this whole amounts of light we have
on a tray though hey what is it
do we have everything I think so we're
missing two things oh the girls who wait
on everyday all day
we only be ready to go surfing for like
an hour so it's not bad
yeah Johnny mikela Michaela wins dress
you ready
and it is that time
you can't come to California and not go
surfing that would be like a terrible
felony so we are at Zuma Beach which is
a beach break that I have never surfed
before and it's nice because California
has so many right-hand Point Break so
little beach breaks with some left
should be real nice ladies
should we just stay here and not get on
a flight tomorrow yeah like right here
that'd be okay too
look at this place
I like this place I'm very upset that
you haven't taken me here earlier I
don't like to give you everything at
once I like to just feed you a little
bit or else you'll move here and then
I'll just be annoyed all the time you
know how many birds I was shooting a lot
like I have like 26 terabyte of birds
you know you look you look like a sniper
under the towel with like the long lens
so yeah this has been me on the beach
like right it's like I'm gonna I'm gonna
grab a wave I'm like okay I'll shoot
this that's like an hour and a half ago
and I can get it better and then I saw
dolphins and birds but I didn't shoot
the seal there was a seal as well I
think I'd be a good sniper yeah I'm
patient yeah but I think it's time for
the sniper to get some food yes
I just love shooting all these shots are
on the hundred to four hundred so
handheld eight hundred millimeter pretty
sick it looks like you're a professional
cinematographer on a long lens on a
tripod from a helicopter yeah no I'd
like you more sniper down at location
style but now food spin oh yeah spinner
that works too hey sure whichever you
prefer
cool board oh yes
like what could be better um l can't be
better what do you get yours looks
really gross but yours gonna taste the
best this is like so ing weird Malibu
kitchen is supposed to be really good
okay reading the paper no I won't eat -
okay
chespin how does they be right back dogs
thank you my little kitchen
very good oh that's like the perfect day
ever
except they could have been bigger waves
surfing big waves but it was still a
beautiful that fantastique I think it
was so nice today that I kind of think
now I kind of like want to move here
again yeah yeah yeah but if you just
lived up in in by Zuma Beach then you're
you have the waves you have everything
you want I fell in love with LA again
today officially so what are we talking
we're gonna go get some coffee
peddler's air one Zuma Beach dolphins
seals Birds Malibu Cafe pulled pork
sandwich it's good out here
what are we doing we are 100% ready to
hit the head to the top of Calabasas and
like see the sunset from there well we
look ready but I've been reading a
mountain bike in like 20 years
you're about to I feel good though you
look you look pro I look good good thing
I have spares of everything I feel good
let's go but yeah now we got to go do
not miss the sunset but activity life
we're gonna drop down this and then it
leads to a trail follow me you ready we
can come on this way if you want it's a
little easier but this is the normal
route like right through there
see any other person know that there
would be full of you know there's
no way you're going down there yeah well
we'll go down this way then it's easier
but this is like alright let's continue
whoa I'll walk her here yeah okay we're
gonna end the vlog because we just got
back and we had a massive frozen yogurt
and I'm so full I'm about to fall over
and die so I figured Walker would end it
but he's like clearly not interested in
any of that no we're not ready oh yes we
are no no yes Walker did you have a
great fantastic Californian full-on day
with surfing and mountain biking today
do you want to end the vlog because
you're flying to Europe tomorrow you
need to get some sleep you got the point
we've had an old American day with a lot
of biking and surfing an American ice
cream and now we're gonna watch friends
and complete this American day that's
sweet
we are clearly too tired to have any
fingers I know one thing let us know in
the comments if me Yanni McKellen Riley
were a character in friends who would be
who we're not gonna say anything we've
discussed this so let us know in the car
in the car yeah but that's alright oh
yeah
yeah put the button now I'm like yeah
bye guys
Yani okay bye everyone in there bye bye
ciao yep
no we're not ready yet oh yes we are
