good morning good morning today we are
say good morning from Joshua Tree was
spent a couple days here it's been
incredible and we've done a bunch of fun
things here but since both me and Johnny
are vlogging we're trying to figure out
how to shoot and not shoot so yesterday
was Yanni's day but I select my camera
up a bit cuz we went to ridden horses in
the wilderness
don't fall against Johnny
end up hung out in the backseat of a car
seen a million windmills a million palm
trees lake in the middle of the desert
and a really really long train and I've
been to like the weirdest place ever
Salvation Mountain that has some
seriously weird cars and Swedish
installs making magic and I've flown a
drone would really pink skies
and we ended the day with a movie and
nothing else
but if you want to see more of that you
should subscribe to Yanni's channel and
check out that vlog but today we're
actually doing a collaboration I know we
don't do a lot of those but when it's
good stuff you know I like it so today
we're doing a collaboration with
Panasonic because you know that I've
been in love with their gh vibe from the
Lumix series but I always get the
question like what is a good entry level
camera if you want to start vlogging so
today we have the G 80 which we're gonna
shoot the entire vlog on so you can see
what you can do with a sort of lighter
more entry-level camera and I've been
playing around with it and I think I
think this should be like the perfect
log camera for Yanni
but we're gonna roll around do a bunch
of fun things and then see what you guys
think of this I think it's you know
let's go through the technical details
later now I think we should go we're
gonna go hike and look at some cool
places here in Joshua Tree so we have
now switch we are on the G 80 and as you
know I love the stabilization on the
Lumix serious it's like insane if I walk
like this being shaky as I am with the
other cameras I would suck really bad
and here we have Yanni she's gonna be
the truck driver
are we ready to hit it first I got to
figure out how to turn around this thing
truck not so big of a turn around space
that thing looks like a Mini Cooper Mini
Cooper truck at least the GE is going to
feel real small after this how do you
know if you ins been driving smash
redbull cans what do you think pull
forward into here and then back yeah
you gotta install one of those in the G
Bush we do have a push bar on the front
so you can plow bushes and stuff keep
coming keep coming
okay now turn it it'll stop there but we
got it good to go did you go
sorry truck bumpy ride right there's a
bumpy ride
the question is where does these rocks
come from aliens Riley saying aliens
guaranteed Jesus
aliens God the only thing I know about
these rocks is that they were in
Entourage yes I was just thinking about
Bungie and Ben Ben Ben Ben hey sit Benji
Benji I don't like this Benji Benji what
you find up there I don't hear him let's
go out here I always thought that Joshua
Tree was one giant tree not a national
park
sounds like a tree but now we
appropriately seen the Joshua tree and
the surroundings I think it's time to go
hang out in Kanye West's hood that's my
hood
so I say we'd start rolling towards
Calabasas and and once again test start
our truck driving skills
we have no AC in it is like a hundred
degrees out extra hot today yeah but I'm
used to it so we're good let's go
Oh perfect
all right Truckee you and me and yannis
Calabasas honest okay Calabasas
if you're wondering why or doing a lot
of each role in the car it's because
it's a little
oh I'm sweaty are you can I see your
back welcome to Calabasas yay hey yo ya
see the belt mark yeah well it's been
one of those really warm trips and the
only good thing about it is that usually
when we are sweating in a loud car where
we can't talk it's because I've chosen
the car but it turns out that even when
Yanni chooses a car we end up in a warm
loud beast yes but now we're in
Calabasas
unfortunately Riley's not as fast as
this whole thing so we're gonna see good
car yeah yeah it's fast it was just a
little warm yeah I've been rocking the
sleeve up here cuz I've been in the Sun
for the last couple hours yes but now
yeah we gotta wait for Elias or not here
and then it is great in the pool Wow
impressive
welcome we're a gumball team hey it was
full gumball flashbacks hey hey hey I
was just like make it to Calabasas that
was my only priority I was so sweaty but
now there's only one important thing and
that's the pool
that's cool hey that was really cool all
right freezing I thought it was like
California warm but but now on the week
what up so quick little tech talk we
have two cameras we have the gh 5 that
we are currently using and we have the G
80 both in the Lumix G series and they
have a lot of similarities the one thing
that we love like why we're on the gh 5
is the stabilization it's like a gimbal
like no other camera comes close to this
and that is why we're actually like our
redness at home because of the
stabilization on this thing so both epic
stabilization both weather-sealed
both cameras foldable screen so you can
selfies which is something I was really
missing on both Sony's like us and
everything so other comparison 4k on
both cameras the gh 5 shoots 180 frames
so super slow-mo in HD whereas the GED
shoots 60 frames per second so if you
love slo-mo j JH v is the camera if
you're on a slightly smaller budget and
you value sy some weight then g ad is a
better option
so both great cameras G 80 with the this
12 260 is roughly thousand euros whereas
the body just the body without the lens
on the gh 5 is about 2,000 so I'm quite
a bit of difference but they're there
like for me when we are shooting like
talking stuff I feel like this would
almost be a better option because 4k on
both of them and this is quite a bit
lighter did I miss anything like a glass
yeah and that and then of course like on
both cameras you can switch the lenses
and then you should really not look into
lenses because there's so many fun
lenses and that can be pretty costly so
this is why this 12 to 60 it's really
nice one thing that's important with the
the lumic series is that you see it's at
12 to 60 and since this is a Micro Four
Thirds camera it actually means that on
other cameras this would mean that it's
a 24 to 120 takes a while to like figure
that all out but yeah you just have to
double the numbers so it's very
versatile lens and I think actually like
for yani I think this would be the
perfect camera she's not like a slow-mo
mega nerd like myself and a smaller
lighter and it
almost all of the function of this but
now we've had a long day like look at
Walker here like that's kind of what I
want to do right now yeah so yeah we've
had a long day and we're actually gonna
say ciao and end of all year because
we're going to Thanksgiving dinner
another one walking that's to be in the
vlog given in the log in a long time
he's ready for Thanksgiving dinner
yesterday I don't want to intrude on a
festivity here in the US with Riley
mikelis friends so we're might sneak a
couple b-roll shots but we're gonna say
good night and ciao here from Calabasas
ciao we'll be back real soon so now you
guys a child Walker
so I know I said I feel him a bit a
dinner but we arrived to this like
wonderful dinner with Riley's friend's
parents and like the whole family and I
felt that you know it's one of those
times where you don't bring out a camera
when you don't know everyone but we had
a fantastic true American Thanksgiving
yeah it was really nice really good we
even got like we went around the table
saying what we were all were thankful
for so yeah but yeah I just wanted to
jump in say hi and say ciao for real now
at night so thank you guys
thank you for watching hope you liked
let me know what you guys think of the
GATC what you guys think I think it's a
great alternative so I hope you enjoyed
the whole vlog a lot of different things
today so time to get some rest and sleep
yes see you soon toodles
ciao the light lady
