and good morning today we are saying
good morning from Los Angeles I think it
still qualifies this morning as it's
like noon here even though we've been
flying for like 12 hours yeah that's
kind of morning so it's a good morning
now we are just gonna hope that we get
the bags
come on suss make us say good things so
that we can say good things he's like SS
all right well la here we it turns out
that black comb was better than white
camel and made it the white camel has
always got lost where's the black camel
made it all the way so now we are gonna
jump in a cab and go to West Hollywood
let's see what la is to offer thank you
oh we made it come on it's kind of a
blog hotel entry wait first we look at
the view well hello la what were you
saying
hello flower pero ha oh happy birthday
on your engagement happy I'm not that
smart at the moment
let's go glamping yay do you know where
it is
yeah I saw that that's your cleaning
let's spin her around no I sure do tell
us what is glamping it's a glamorous
camping and that is what we're here for
yes but we don't look glamorous right
now no we are not glamorous right now
and I was not gonna go here but then we
kind of got engaged and I'm like screw
it I won't hang out with the UNECE oh
that's very last-minute booking but now
we're here in LA now shower and regroup
and energy and get glamorous so it turns
out the 15 minutes of rest and that have
been like a day and a half
vogue pause because we fell asleep and
then I had to shoot Jana yesterday but
now we are back and we are going on a
mission because we look at this thing
giant truck Riley Michaela Yanni so we
are gonna go on a road trip we're gonna
go out to Joshua Tree and explore a
bunch of things and just live the the
The Cove of California life it's funny
Yanni was supposed to come here without
me and she was supposed to drive this
alone it's like a mothership 3.0 bigger
a lot bigger but now I know what you
wanted me to come it's a little bigger
than I think she thought it was so now
we're gonna see how it looked look at
this like it is a giant truck that Yanni
hooked us up what with Daniel Wellington
she's been working with them for a long
time so they're like we have a truck you
guys can use so you get like the full US
experience but now I'd say that we get
on the road and see how our truck
driving skills are
you can drive I'm ok with driving out of
the city and then it's all you you'll be
behind laughing yeah Jonnie perfect come
with me we can talk cars Warner the
mothership has nothing on this yeah
looks like a FedEx truck driver hello
anyone want to package nice
but I missed the knob Warner's car had a
knob here we have the reverse signal
there we go now we're good now we're
friends so now it's time to go to Palm
Springs
I think I have officially graduated my
truck drivers degree yes oh yeah I have
found a have a newfound respect for
truck drivers like driving when there's
no one around on a little Street that's
one thing but like in LA traffic with
like people honking yeah I've driven a
lot of things but this is like I had to
focus up but she does look good like
she's no mothership actually actually
that's what Warner should get and pimp
it out even more but I do miss the
turning knob like that makes the truck
we're not really parked legally but I
don't know where you parked truck now
and if I forgot to mention we made it to
Palm Springs yeah see the palm in the
reflection lunch yes focus up like nine
Red Bulls big this thing is it would
have been the funniest thing if I did
not join you and you were cruising
around
hahaha
by the way how is life we like it was so
so ended of the truck that we didn't
really like properly say hi
life is good we're in Palm Springs with
you guys and it's not bad
couldn't be better do you want shows you
want to be me today and I can just shoot
you I'm so glad selfie stuff Riley vlog
yeah we're having an epic launch I
haven't vlogged in like two or three
months so evidence lacking one big happy
blog yeah yeah family vlog but now it's
time I like just put this somewhere and
like focus on food driving that thing
was exhausting Benji got away even
richer does it
Palm Springs we out see you soon
you can tell why they call this place
Palm Springs look at this door hold on
like imagine if any was here you'd be
like that new style opening of car vlog
style I kind of want to dry with it open
do you see what I have huge trunks and
rollerskates yes is it like an hour
Joshua Tree I think it's closer we just
follow Riley Mikaela
good job isn't this one look here we are
off-roading the truck the G would be a
lot better look I am a terrible like
desert off-road truck driver because I
have a bush right behind me are we here
is that good are we gonna leave it there
I wonder what Yanni is doing no well
what Charles is it suppose II there's
three shelters and we're one of the
shelters
I have an idea park there look that car
once we know take that car yes we can
take photos are you doing what I think
they're doing see you're just like me
you like big cars and stand on the roof
Johnny I'm gonna just leave it here and
you can just like Park it over here come
on you're supposed to drive it the whole
way now you can just move it a little
you and Michaela I got it me and Riley
go find the house you drive that why do
girls always win okay got it got it
focus up why are you driving with the
door open you go to the right thing
FedEx anyone I am driving with the door
open because I can because it has the
slidable door what
is it the right house or are we
reversing over the Stonebridge through
the bushes don't think it's that one
because that one has a car we got yeah
good thing I've been practicing my
off-road skills sorry and we have found
our house down there are we just trying
to get the truck yeah we're gonna get
down the question is how how we're gonna
get up can I just like park it right
here not in there
no but like stopping here so it doesn't
go down we made it
yeah now getting out of here that's the
later bro high-five Oh hold on let me
just get out
wait are you sure it's like an break
yeah got it if it's not important here
we can also see the turnaround
possibilities highly limited me right
there and the the Joshua tree okay we're
gonna get ourselves situated and rest
for a second I
I'm sort of exhausted to be honest it
took a lot of focus to drive that thing
Oh 1dx
the O'Reilly
now this looks like a way to end a day
hold on let me show you one thing I
bring the light everything gets really
cold and like terrible light well yeah
hold on you can even increase or
decrease but what I wanted to say before
I forgot was that I know I've gotten the
question a million times where is your
car card holder for your phone from Leo
Vegas decided that we are gonna give
away five of these they like to go
bigger than just a card holder so we're
gonna give away five card holders we're
also gonna give away 5 iPhone X's so you
have something to put them on whoa ha
yeah I want to enter so how do you apply
you find all the info in the description
so if you want one of the East you can
put your card but also a phone that you
can put your card holder on check out
the link in the description make sure to
enter and we'll see who the lucky winner
is we will announce that in let me get
back to exactly when we announced it I
promise well now it's real soon
so good luck we're gonna say goodbye and
just enjoy this fire out here and rest
I'm tired
that car is it's really cool and awesome
but I've been afraid to hit everything
on the road a few hours so we're gonna
rest enjoy and and do what you do at
Joshua Tree okay
well just I have no idea but it's
chilling or maybe barbecue and jump in
the jacuzzi yes we are or stand on a
rock right like Riley okay Riley do you
want to say bye you know I always say
bye nowadays toodles we say ciao and
then if Benny was here this is what
Benny would do
fire fire burn microphone smell Joshua
tree Joe Riley no stars just black
