are we going live can anyone see what's
going on hello can anyone see this if
you do please let me know in the
comments so that I know that we are live
otherwise it'd be where it's in here
talking
does that seem like it's working now it
seems like we're doing good so then we
should say hello here from Los Angeles
me and the Missis Yanni is over here
I'm not holding the camera cuz I got
like a lot of hate that it was shaky
last time and I just went to the gym so
it'd be terribly shaky if I were to try
to hold the camera so I've got a little
tripod here sucking still so yeah he's
editing a video and the reason that we
haven't done a vlog in last couple days
is because I've been shooting Yanni and
when you're shooting all day for Yanni
then it's hard to make a another vlog so
that's why I figured I would just want
to jump in say hello and then we can
start shooting folks again but I figured
it'd be a great time to do a little Lord
Holland's Q&A so I wanted to see if you
guys were curious in regards to anything
in regards to in regards to Lord haunts
so I'm gonna check here if there's any
good comments let's yeah it's just so
fast with the comments okay first
question I know that we talked about
doing the Mongol Rally the Mongol Rally
is a rally where you have old cheap cars
where you drive from London to Mongolia
and that is like a really long trip if
you have a short car and I was kind of
planning on doing that with the Lambo
and the reason we never went through and
did that was because I looked into the
security details you need in order to
make it safe to do the Mongol Rally in
the Lambo and it turns out that that was
maybe not the best of plans to drive a
Lambo through all the countries we would
go through so then I think we calculated
that the security detail that they had
the stab with the lambo would be like a
hundred thousand euros so that is kind
of why we haven't done it I'd still love
to do it so I should probably just get a
cheap car and do it either way
but driving from London to Mongolia
seems like an incredible adventure and I
know Oscar buck and a couple friends did
it and they said it was just incredible
so little update on that end and then so
if we have the comments it'd be great if
we focus them on the g-wagen on this Q&A
that way it is easier for me to find
some good comments because now it's just
like so any more G questions the engine
on the G we have done a lot of
modifications but we have had a couple
mods left and that is why the car is
still at Absolute and being worked on so
that we can get a final dyno paper to
see exactly how many horsepowers we can
scare out of that engine but they were
pretty confident that they would break
the eight hundred barrier but until we
have the paper we're not gonna have like
the exact number but as soon as
hopefully when I get back to Europe we
should be able to have that gumball are
we doing Gumble we haven't really
planned on it like I did Gumbel for so
many years and then there are so many
things going on that I didn't really
have time to figure out if I wanted to
do it now this year's gumball route is
from London to Tokyo I know it ends in
Tokyo so it'd be really cool to end up
that far away but it is a bit of the
problem with the cool routes on gumball
is that when you're flying your car it
was like you end up on the other side of
the world then you have to get your car
back to Europe so it's a lot of
paperwork and a lot of administration in
order to do long trip or long Gumbel's
that's why I kind of like prefer the
European likes where you drive to the
start drive a bunch in Europe and then
you're able to drive back so you don't
have to fly in transport cars because
that is kind of boring but I have sort
of considered it but I haven't really
gotten further than considering it but
it'd be kind of fun actually
let's see so Tesla I've seen a lot of
Tesla comments it's not a G question but
since I think there's been a video
rolling around on Instagram with a Tesla
just I think it's zero to 100 in 1.9
seconds which is incredible so I think
you know we're not too far away from
starting to consider those options the
problem is for me since I love like oh
like yeah let's strive to Monaco or
Marbella or whatever it's not it's hard
with the battery charge when you're
doing those long drives but I think that
is probably gonna change him and pretty
soon here what happened to the LeMans
like can I keep answering to non G
questions we'll run it quick so I did
the testing in the LMP car like a year
in a less than a year ago and I love
driving it it was like an incredible
thing that I really wanted to do but
then I realized that there's so many
things going on that there was just not
enough time so I like hit the pause
button so that I could yeah it's like
yeah I have too many things that I want
to do so I got to figure out which parts
to choose so that I can have time and
enjoy those things but I still love car
racing and I want to figure out how to
do it and hopefully find the time for it
and or the blue lights on the G legal
I've seen that comment a lot and I'm
guessing in most countries they're
probably not very legal so I have them
on there but I do not intend to have
them used ever on the road because that
I think that would be really really bad
and that could yeah not good but they're
fun to have for events when you're not
on the road but you're right that it's
absolute they have all this these ideas
and they're like blinking things are fun
and I like fun things I was like you
want him but you know you shouldn't have
him so like you shouldn't use them yeah
what are you gonna drive the G in the
snow
I don't know as soon as we are anywhere
close to where there's snow I think it'd
be a good thing to test the G in the
snow so no plans on it yet but I think
it would it's probably oh yeah we're
actually planning another snow tour with
the whole snow tour crew so that would
probably be a good time to use that kind
of a car because I know the Parag I used
on last year's snow tour was not the
best winter car so hopefully we can nail
down the dates for this no tour and then
we should be using the GL out in the
snow
parking solution for the G in Monaco
that's a good question I that was like
the reason I didn't get in the first
place and then eventually I was like
screw it
there is valet parking where you can
park outside so you can you can figure
it out but it's not like a really good
long-term solution but I'd kind of just
ignored that problem and decided that
let's just get it and then we'll figure
out what to do parking wise
let's see
got no it's like a lot of questions what
is the only thinking about the G she
hasn't been in it or seen it yet so I
guess we'll have to come back with like
a a proper update and I'm wondering what
is going on with this iPhone like it is
some terrible overexposed light on this
thing but I hope you guys can forgive us
for that how long are you gonna keep the
G I know I get a lot of questions why do
you get a car and then sell them and
it's like the building process is
usually the fun part and then I always
think I want to do something new but I
think it's different with this car cause
like I have it and I was looking at Mike
I don't really know what else I would do
to it because I'm super happy about the
way it looks at the moment so kind of
yeah wondering how long I'll keep it I
think I'm gonna keep it long I'm hoping
that I will it's a lot of comments in
regards to sort of under Dean and he if
you don't know who it is
it is a youtuber here from LA who did a
video I think yesterday couple days ago
like yeah it was pretty funny like he
was like you can gets the same car as I
have and then he make ends up making him
way too badass and I have to figure out
how to make something cool so I think it
was kind of like a yeah friendly joke
but I think I've talked to him before so
maybe now when were in LA we should go
meet up with him and I know he has a lot
of fun cars so hopefully maybe yeah we
can go check it out that is on my list
to do today to figure out what else
we're doing in the next few days we are
going on a road trip here in LA
last-minute trip for me to come as Yanni
need to some help with filming so I
think today's schedule is to figure out
what to do in the next couple days you
should buy a Swedish Koenigsegg yeah but
they're kind of expensive if you yeah
they're really expensive but of course I
want to count excited but I I think that
I would need to do a few more youtube
videos before that where's Benny Benny
is in Stockholm he
he was gonna go to a can but then he
really enjoyed Stockholm so then I think
he's sticking around there but we are
here in LA for what six seven seven more
days I think and then we're gonna figure
out where to meet up with with Benny all
last minute trip at the moment here how
much did the tuning cost of the G it's
that's that's the beauty about a G Wagen
there's so many parts that's developed
for rescue vehicles off-roading and all
this that's not tuning companies like
it's more like off-road companies and
offroad
parts are a lot cheaper than tuning car
carbon fiber stuff so like the roof rack
is I would want to say like a thousand
euros compared I've say you know
Mansoori or a tuner would have built
something similar it would have been
twenty five thousand so most of the
parts on the G Wagen are actually make a
cheap compared to regular car tuning
then of course if you want a lot of
horsepower than the engine kit and so
not being super cheap but I think it
should be worth it once we get the full
power and the full sound and all of that
the G acceleration zero to a hundred I
have honestly no idea I've yeah we've
driven it through water through mud and
through leaves and a lot of stuff but we
haven't tried the acceleration but I
promise that once we will have the car I
will do a 0-200 and see if the car is
just big loud and powerful or if it's
actually a little fast
hmm why do you get a G 4x4 and not at G
6x6 pretty simple question the 4x4 is
roughly 200,000 euros and the 6x6 is a
million euros and the 6x6 would be
absolutely a hundred percent impossible
to park although I do love the 6x6
is Lord haunts the best car you've ever
owned I think it's the car that I've
jumped into for the first time that I've
enjoyed the most and then the best car I
think I'd have to drive it a bit more in
order to know if it's the best car but I
think I think I liked it the most like
even Haun seemed excited he thinks my
cars are usually just really stupid yeah
so many thinks what I think about the
Aston Martin I kind of like Aston Martin
in a lot but I also think that yeah
they're a little boring but they're
really really nice and cool but they
should just like yeah they're new like I
don't remember the name but like the
super duper hyper car that thing looks
out of this world so that would be
something I would love to figure out how
to get to try
it's why a new camo designed so all the
other cars in the pasture most of them
have been black white and gray camel and
then the rebellion and the rs6 had a
darker camo but I've always liked like I
love the look of like a like him
murdered out black car but on the other
hand I want like that little touch what
makes it a bit unique so I've been like
thinking about a black camel for a long
time but I didn't know which tones to
use in order to make it look black but
at the same time get the camel look to
it so I decided that it you know that
car I saw so many like blacked out geez
and I loved it
so that figured we should try it and
personally I think it's great I love it
I'm not sure what you guys think but
it's fun to do something new that it's
it's something different and then
going really really fast here with the
comments it's Lord honza Braavos Lord
haunts is not a BRABUS I think trying to
think I think maybe we have a couple
parts from Barabbas but it's not think
we're getting a few more parts as well
for umbrellas but it's not a bra as well
I mean you can make a Braavos G you can
switch the grill and then call it a bar
bravas G or you can do like the whole
interior and everything so it's like
yeah for it to be a real Braavos I think
you'd have to redo pretty much
everything they have from Braavos but so
no not a G brought us G a ski box on the
G I think ski books is they're they're
great for supercars cuz it's like the
only way to carry skis but in a G you
can have the skis inside the car you can
have them on the roof rack and you don't
really need a ski box but if I keep the
car for long enough I'm sure I'll try
out a bunch of different setups
when do we get to see the new house I
think let's pick that as the last
question of this Q&A as I have a lot of
organizing to do with first figuring out
exactly what we're doing at a lake
forgetting out where to go after a late
and a lot of organizing but so new house
I got the keys like 10 minutes before we
left Marbella to go to pick up the G and
yet we got a new house me and Yanni
together so we are now 50/50 owners of
villa which is perfect since we are also
engaged so then we are now yeah
splitting everything taking the
relationship to the next level I guess
so
as soon as we get to marby I promise
that we will show the new house make a
hell store and yeah show everything
there is to to show and then we're gonna
figure out what to redo on the house
because you know I like to redo a lot of
things but we're trying to take it slow
spend some time to figure out what to do
and then yeah slow I'm like my whole
mission in life is to do less things and
like say no and have time to chill and I
am really sucking on trying to do that
so with that we are gonna end the Q&A
here because I like good quality vlogs
but I'm looking at a screen where the
light is just awful so time for me to
pick up the camera and actually shoot a
nice log so I hope you enjoy it and got
a couple answers to the G stuff so if
you have any more questions hit me up in
the comments and I'll try to reply to as
many as possible so we're gonna say bye
bye I'm gonna we're gonna get Jana out
of bed stop working and I
oh no how do i zoom out ah I don't know
then we are gonna say so when were
zoomed in and end today's life session
so see you real soon
and over and out from Hollywood in LA
ciao ciao
