everything everything sucks everything
everything buying this power hello good
morning I think this might actually be
the earliest good morning on this vlog
Oh even the camera doesn't want to focus
just right
no it's okay it is 239 in the morning
and like we didn't really we had so much
focus on like getting the car done so we
didn't really have a plan to leave that
Warner showed up but he's like I'm
driving to Stockholm
driving so we're like screw flies this
is drive with Warner so we're gonna
leave last night but then you can
explain she's oh yeah
last night I dropped Tom's off and I was
so incredibly hungry that I decided not
to stop and get fuel right away I wanted
to go for like a place that had good
food so I could get food and fuel and
then I ran out of gas and then I left
the car and went running trying to find
gas I found a guy named Robin we got cat
we got fuel we got diesel and then he
drove me to the car but it was gone they
towed it and then I had to get Yan who
Dex information that cuz he owns the car
anyway I got it late last night success
and then you got in then we're like okay
let's just sleep a couple hours before
drive it like two or three two hours but
now we're gonna have a so called did
someone push them the elevator or just
like waiting to a great start
yes how far do you go for it full team
then good is 62 only a true friend will
join us friends that is true this is
gonna be so much better with you guys
yeah we should go back this bleep just a
heads up for everyone watching this is
gonna be a very random vlog you're
so since we spent so much time on the
g-wagen yesterday we thought it was time
for an upgrade it's a real Cruiser say
hello to the mothership yep
officially and there's the hashtag I
think like three people have used the
hashtag G wagons are cool but they don't
have beds but in all seriousness the G
Wagon is gonna stay with absolute motors
upgraded a bit cuz we're gonna fly her
home for like couple visa dumping should
be good to go 14 hours and 51 minutes go
Oh first pit stop oh it is not 8:05
let's see how far we have left
okay guess how many kilometers left
1,900
I guess 950 950
we're in Hamburg we're doing well I did
think it was a lot less than 950
left cuz it feels like we're gonna
really long ways but we're doing good me
whatever having the best chat here I
forced better to sleep a little he likes
to just edit and like not sleep yeah
great that's back there sometimes you
got to tell Benny to like Benny now you
need to sleep damn it when you really
really really need to piss you need a
coin should you jump it sure you're
getting a coin no we jumped we pee and
then we come back to put the coin yes I
don't fin this coin
should we go pay so we paid but now
whoever comes next is gonna be free for
that no oh yes yes
sleep is good it makes it smart but a
high total they did not come up without
we got some added exhaust sound
yeah like after yesterday with Lord of
ponds how they got like they did all the
extra cutting exhaust we're like we
should do that on the mother ship so I
need on it on the gas and then like it
rusted a little bit on and now it's loud
you a more horsepower
it sounds like I'm holding the exhaust
we're collabs like 150 horsepower now
you can hear the turbo spooling we'll
come back in a bit when brains are
working again we're not smart
okay thank you so much
I'm the bus driver if you're wondering
we are now arriving to the ferry that's
gonna take us to Denmark have you been
on the ferry Benny I'm kind of bummed
about one thing though one of my
favorite things about road tripping
through Europe is the hotdogs with
french fries and ketchup it's like a
curry catching on the ferry and it's
always like the highlight of driving
from like Europe to Scandinavia but now
I'm kind of full from like this morning
snack oh yeah you should try this it's
magnificent life is good but we're tired
in the brains it's super good
I might have to try that one later it's
even better than the three pretty good
are you familiar with the hotdog Warner
hello oh I feel like I'm getting hungry
I think maybe I can have a scene Doug
yeah is this the leaf part when the
g-wagen goes through the leaves yeah is
it cool cuz it is
it was intense totally normal behavior
but now we know you can go way faster
through leaps I was like kind of like
didn't know how heavy they would be
because it is really wet no I can smell
there but this is so sweet
that's the one that's the one that's
what I call eating with the view I know
it's so nice
the ferries the highlighted blonde a
pity let me grab that we gotta get
Benny's sausage sex review here's a nice
to sit review this is massive get some
french fries in there tail the
combination that hmm oh that's what life
is all about are you faking everything
so I think it's great especially with
the viewer the best German sausage I've
had on a ferry on a ferry today today
how is your first ferry ride Benny I
want to go back it won't mom to
intercept like we would say yes you
ready to go to Sweden uh-huh
let's go to Sweden maybe Denmark first I
have this idea of like an edited thing
like let's go to Sweden I figured I
could brain transfer that to Benny like
something in like damn this cut agenda
oh my god okay now like all right let's
go to Sweden thank you
the question is the mothership gonna get
into Sweden on check plates without a
problem with one u.s. guy one Swedish
guy that one friend got definitely gonna
ask us for Sheila's gorgeous all right
Kristin yeah now we just need a power
converters so that we can put some power
in the computer and keep editing IKEA
Media Markt Emma Oh
double golden these damn I like that's
like random corporate executives opening
yep
biltema charger Christmas food
take when the mothership is in Sweden
you need our brothers and when you run
out of fuel on the highway and you lose
your card you need the best and what we
came for the 12-volt converters yes
shopping has never been so fun I just
love this hi Swedish fashion oh you have
glue up here of course three XL now
you're geared up for when you run out of
gas and you don't have Herman to save
you
God doesn't she look good I love to turn
the one art like those angles kind of
feels weird to see that because I'm not
really that person anymore
yeah me and Warner we met ski racing but
Warner was a really good ski racer who
trained with Bode Miller
sounds like I thought he was really cool
this is the photo but I feel like most
your followers won't never vote eemiller
its voter Miller he's like probably the
best skier ever at least the most
entertaining definitely the most
entertaining and we've done gumball with
him as well that's even more
entertaining but that we would need to
censor a lot of things that we've known
that and now open
oh no way not this one now oh that's
crazy
welcome to Sweden
and we are still going we're going
strong we got some snow on the road here
at the moment and converters on George
it's about time for me to really get the
full mothership experience I love it -
try the king-size what
my brain is bleeding heavily from
lecture on ahead
then he's editing the video with the car
and I'm trying to edit the photos and
it's really tough to slept like four
hours
two days
Oh
Oh snow there is snow but that's okay
because we are here even though we are
kind of tired
well driven wow you're a chump this is a
vlog shooting three constantly tired
people oh but we're here and yannis here
somewhere but now we got it like throw
everything out real quick and then we
got to upload the vlog yeah that's why
it last vlog was a little late cuz this
has been the editing studio bouncing up
and down for the last 1500 kilometers I
see but that is good but now we're gonna
go find some energy okay but first oh
yes I need help the mothership needs a
place to to sleep in the winter if
you're from stockelman you have a place
where this thing could live over the
winter please hit us up like that'd be
really helpful because he warned us the
same promise the G that it won't go into
a lot of garages so hit yeah hit me up
on Instagram on Instagram link in the
description below yeah but now that we
have the important things out of the way
we're here check we should just get this
thing online
yes always a pleasure boom thanks for
everything we will check back there like
48 hours when me and Yanni we're on our
way to LA real last-minute trip but more
on that in 48 hours first edit so you
don't lose you don't travel anymore no I
was trying nothing Johnny was going and
I like I she's my fiance I wanted to go
with my fiance okay yeah but now ciao
over and out oka not from sorry after
news game is over
