Oh seriously so it is that time again we
are in Holland today we have been an
absolute motors for the last couple days
finishing up the last couple touches of
the new car I know a couple people have
seen what's that something is going on
it's time to introduce
Wow this is what happens when horns is
involved in a car that you're making
sounds great
are you happy this is the first time you
got a car that is actually nice this
pump has a purpose and we brought Warner
dude because no car project is normal
and Warner's around I needed some
creativity
so Hans tell me what is your favorite
feature about this car we put a feature
pool bar
lots of lights a winch so like you can
run over anything
I think these are really special they're
nice very very important for something
what are they for
they're holding the bar here okay yeah
they're holding that up that's exactly
where sure not only for image these
wires here is like when you go in bushes
and the branch has hit here they come
off the side of the clock oh yeah so
they don't like break the wing screen
important they look cool
yeah but it's nice to know that there's
actually a function so the branches you
never want branches in your face
how's your car looking
perfect what do you think I don't think
anymore
but is this registered as a car or
monster truck it's Lord Hans Hans it's a
known registered type of class oh that's
nice
fine you have a letter up there you have
a ladder up here so you have an extra
wheel here in case anything breaks you
have a couple fuel tanks and then here
that is for when Hans wants to move
something in front like feels good here
we're just testing everything out like
we have literally had this car for about
45 minutes we love it
like I love when Hans gets a ball
that was not the plan okay I don't know
it was beautiful from inside I thought
you'd move like a meter listen to the
sound
okay lesson learned never get on the top
of a car when Hans is in it and here we
have wind and rain coming I feel like
the weather is really putting us in the
mood for for all this
no yeah we even like we have so many
things on this car we even forgot to
talk about the engine we don't have a
dyno paper yet we have a final couple
final tweaks we're gonna do should land
just over 800 horsepower no way
horsepower Lord hauls can't have like so
the first car my brother is boy I mean
he has lumbered genius and like we use
boxes and stuff nice cool you had a
rolls-royce as a monster truck but this
is actually the first useful car that is
just like it's great it's it's
phenomenal this car is simply fantastic
what is this that is a snorkel it is a
bra boost carbon fiber snorkel which
means you can drive and really deep
water
Lord Owens is angry with you
I'm happy with the performance no this
is not good if you can do this it means
you can do anything and that gives bad
ideas I'm not like this
I gotta stop punishing warthogs the G
you put an ax up here that's the beauty
with G wagons there's so many
accessories that just shovel to you
bustard looking at you I guess I'm like
what survival vehicle things can we have
put the black camel I figured that was
like you know a new color of yours true
actually I have a little surprise I
thought it was a great reason I fuel to
make a black camel douche bag you just
bought a car and you made bags in the
same color but well I just bought a
phone with the same case color as my
jacket this is a scholar C now G you can
be matching if you borrow the car you
have an Instagram I know what's the
faster photographer saying I'm like
crappy photographer I've like ten
followers most of them are like my mom's
and you also have Warner's Instagram in
the link in the description so hard to
take a bad picture of this thing I've
done so many camels over the years black
camel has stayed in my folder because I
haven't figured out the tone differences
so are these for me yeah of course it's
really have a got a new bag it looks
good on ya I thought it's important
thank you well without you I wouldn't
have had all these stupid ideas so I'm
the one that should say thank you can
you brush it clean I don't want to have
sand in my car it's okay
it's a utility vehicle but it's so it's
pretty fancy inside not sure inside no I
almost forgot I mean make sure to clean
your feet before you get in so okay from
this I can control the world I have a
microphone you know a loved one - this
is Baywatch could you please put on your
bikini remove I have like lights
I have you know have like all different
features this is my favorite bottom
you're happy with that
I think so too like it feels complete
like the work that absolutely then the
short time frame they had is like unreal
so the biggest thank you to all the guys
said absolute we've been spend like we
have not slept for like couple days and
they probably nuts up for a week
thank you
champion core Wow there's a high 500
mice it feels like a monster truck it
feels like you could go ahead like where
we went it was like a walk in the park
and I would never have considered
driving there in the path and there just
a sound it feels like feels like those
YouTube movies where they go through mud
holes with like monster truck like
NASCAR engines it's useful it's
beautiful yeah so bottom line is it but
it's like you were supposed to drive
your cars and if you have this then you
should drive it like this if you don't
want to drive like this you should have
something else mm-hmm totally true but I
think with that I think that we have now
officially gotten the car proved huh
gotten some seriously stupid ideas from
the good old Warner nothing ever it's
like smart when he's wrong
totally that's a great idea like that
deeper oh wow Congrats man there's a lot
of fun things that we can do it that's
good stuff good stuff very very good
stuff so yeah we're just gonna end it
like now we can have this we can do a
lot of fun things hans is happy and
everyone is do we have the black douche
bags plugging everything's good I can
breathe again I was kind of nervous how
everything will work out it's a good
beast yeah exactly
camo black we have now matured to a more
badass group of people but to beard like
then I think we should we should end
with a shot of Benny's face and then
we're gonna say goodbye and ciao from
Holland where people are crazy if you
wanted to crazy things you go to
absolute motors and then tell them to
not do what they want to do cuz then you
end up with this with fantasticness but
now we're gonna end with a shot of bandy
after he try to clean himself ok I have
mud in my hair
ciao from the team show mud no you in
the car is that fair no way
Eagles Oh Benji camera camera camera
don't blow it
they created mine that's an eagle whoa
