good morning good morning as you can see
there's some serious construction about
to happen here maybe with a bit more
efficiency than me shoveling gravel in
Columbia yeah nervous no I'm not nervous
they're gonna pump the concrete today
today it's gonna look really good what's
definite yeah yeah they're gonna be a
big change I think but yeah we wasn't
wanted to say good morning we're gonna
let the pump truck do its job we're
gonna go hit the gym and then we're come
back it's gonna be perfect here
whoa Wow where's the dirt it's so funny
after Columbia when we did similar
things I look at construction so
differently I'm like looking oh that's
really like a lot of water in the
concrete and that's how they do it but
this was quick you go lift a cup of
weights get strong you come back and you
have a concrete duck anyone who wants a
Red Bull - sugar free they gotta know
No
what happened to your bunny mr. Jim
Ricardo was apparently more well trained
than I am I don't think I'm walking
tomorrow we're canceling the vlog
tomorrow he's working normally he's
gonna be hurting tomorrow too but as you
can see we're now in marbella we are
working as Richards
friends today because he's gone to the
notary and only friends join your
friends to the notary it's really boring
that's first mission being France at the
notary helps us fill the legal stuff
after saying how can be creative to see
a notary let me go to film it yeah let's
go to the Future we ended up in a
Porsche what's this one we are in the
top car we're here at top car just
looking at course and they have this
brand new Panamera and they said do you
want to take it for a spin
and I said yes of course what do you
think returned not a bad date I don't
even know if I've driven upon Ameri it's
the Panamera Turbo 550 horsepower lots
of carbon wide-body pretty awesome so
yeah that turned out to be whatever we
found to do later in the day that's
better than the other three
how to make a day even better than it is
Bank stuff car I like top car yeah hello
you want to try car
may we be ensued that's a little beeping
everywhere
I love driving a car with 40 kilometers
on the clock that's worth 250 grand part
of a mini parking garage wow you made it
what is done perfect we put some fuel
and then we hit full gas let me try
Oh lalala I mean I was saying the other
day that when we drove hundreds Porsche
that I like Porsche but I need four
seats this is a good option we're gonna
go look at Richards floor in one of the
houses he built so we can have some
ideas for our house should we feel there
a little yes
this feels faster than the 911 I drove
the other week three two one Wow
I even over-revved it richard is still
there
hello Richard Turing just things that is
insane that is kind of insane actually I
mean I liked it when I looked at it in
the store but if it does this standard
potential hello
here's the house and suddenly I've
realized that in first gear you have to
hit the gas and then hit the gear
shifter right after because it goes
through first so quick now how's
inspiration yeah well we'll be right
back with more car because this was I'm
going to go driving let's have a little
quick walk around on the back carbon
wing carbon in the middle here carbon
diffuser and then here you see a wide
body kit you can see the air intake and
all this and then you have the card with
side skirt carbon detail carbon and then
wide body on the frong it's like a lot
of body kits there over the top but as
I've said before top car they'd they
know how to do it I want it yeah Richard
you have to buy this
he's on the phone I think not so
expensive very very cheap price you said
this and you buy this yeah weird what if
you could sell this and then you can
celebrate right over
Maserati yes I've seen so many comments
over the past at least two years that
you know you should get the new Panamera
no bike-o I'm not the fun of me or a guy
you're becoming one maybe I'm just
honestly surprised how much I like it
this thing you like it try hitting full
gas and you're gonna like it too like
this feels way faster than the 911 no
guess necklace are our least normal
friend works as a real estate agent down
here and he's not normal but awesome
it's like you're carrying your own
entertainment how are you the
entertainment machine look at you today
just with a suit jacket and that's the
stock engine everything
but now now we're gonna go look at
towels and and maybe sell a house
something like that mm-hmm I know that I
went to the house and looked at the
towels and I remember loving them it's
good to see an arena and walk anything
because when you see it in a house
you're like oh no it's like you don't
think but when you're looking at one
tile you're analyzing everything so much
this is a good feeling yeah it's you
have to feel it barefoot repels yeah I
like it it's so hard with the house if
you see it in the house you're like
great perfect it's just you know it
feels much better I feel like a home
we'll take the Todd's in the furniture
okay we have a deal first deal today now
we're gonna start with the broker talk
467 square meters we're hiding out up
here there they're doing a viewing in
the house for her clients we're just
hiding trying to be like incognito
yeah good inspiration place yeah that's
crazy it's like one person is gonna come
with an offer tonight than the house
think the person downstairs are really
serious and then there's like one person
that wants to look in an hour like
mm-hmm
I think Richards gonna buy the Porsche
we should tell him if you sell yeah he
says always the band's have by n so the
cells no he says herself yeah and the
sea view is good dates to Richard yeah
so the house is sold now or what maybe
you're not see on Friday or Monday oh
yeah yeah you might buy Porsche Friday
or Monday yeah no way positive but it's
good now we now we know what sort Isles
that I you like them yeah yep so
productive now I can buy get back to a
broom grooming
it has a very like similar feel to the
rs6 impressive and your vanity over the
camera you do not want to get this car
if you want to have a driver's license
for a long time because if you have a
sports car you know it's kind of dumb
and then you feel that you're going fast
here you feel like you have the same
acceleration but you're just like ah
beat me I really like the 911 but this I
like six times more okay listen to this
how's this for a family car don't shift
so if you have a look here that the RPM
meter I mean automatic now ready yep
speed bump okay now like it's actually
better to accelerate in automatic ready
one honey
let's do from standstill like trying to
time this what manual shifting is
actually hard because you're going
through it so fast that's a good sign
when you have a hard time timing gear
shifts now we only have one fly of one
challenge of this can this car make it
up Richards driveway yeah it's at the
back maybe yeah perfect
that looks cool on you I fit it yeah you
fit
Wow that's that is some this is good
work progression I think and one day are
you happy yeah it's good but now you
want tiles
yeah well the pool is gonna be white
that's gonna be cool and it's gonna be
like all the flow and the water is gonna
go in here and then goes back so if you
subscribe to our channel like subscribe
and then you can see how it looks when
it's finished yeah I took the
opportunity to plug our channel I don't
know and get some inspiration you
haven't subscribe on YouTube yeah for
YouTube it's called subscribe rich for
me it's like I should build a school for
myself learn English are you sure you
can walk there
it's like going up a nice oh you can hit
it
Oh
oh you're doing worse you should praise
you should presume you didn't even put
the tile stones what do you think should
we end the vlog yeah long day I think we
should we were gonna end the vlog
yeah cuz we have some good sunlight here
we're almost at our completion here we
found Richards next car for sells the
house it's almost sold the house to be
buffed at your house actually wow that's
good it was no problem to get in no
problem it's perfect so yeah we're just
gonna say if we don't have any yani here
so we are just gonna say don't you know
that you have to put your phone on
silent now - no no sorry I didn't know
we were like that's the first time you
happens actually yeah sorry
okay well ciao ciao that was the only
thing I was missing oh man this is gonna
be the last vlog from our beta right
I'll explain more but this is gonna be
the last one no so everybody say yes he
assumed - Richart see you soon I mean
not the last ever but like the last for
now before we're leaving mm-hmm and then
we're leaving to do something to go
somewhere so sounds really secret yeah
that was that's the point so then you
can subscribe but follow us yeah we'll
see you in a couple days
in another things
