good morning good morning we having a
bit of a tight schedule because how the
ladies wanted to walk like really really
far so we just got home
and now Yanni's leaving to swim down no
one good on you in this relationship I
don't want her to leave not one second
especially not no no especially not now
I will see you everywhere I go I mean
now we can't have like who counted the
kisses in the last video was it a
hundred and fifty to one hundred
fifty-eight I think and I think we cut
up at least 400 we found a bit of an
issue with the transport getting up here
oh is that your sexy nice go big
all or nothing
uh-huh
always good photos
i dub the camera you can happen
shut up
to see
to puff up we didn't hear total yes
now that Yanni has left and I can
actually think about something else than
engagement and rings and secrets we have
a little surprise for you so we're gonna
spin her over to the kazakh amo because
since we are moving all our stuff out of
the house get the keys to the new house
tomorrow we are picking up a couple
boxes a couple books of things that we
are gonna sell to you guys look look at
this example
Christian Louboutin sneakers with studs
I don't use them so it's better to sell
okay
it's the gumball suit we got no the
gumball flight that's sick
101 like if you were not on the gumball
fight you don't have it but we're gonna
sell it instead of having it in the
basement but we also cleaned out a bunch
of stuff in Monaco so how about we spin
back in time get the full story and
we'll be right back once we found a
bunch more cool stuff ready - do
that is what I call a serious clean-out
are you ready for theaters we are we are
poor so as you saw we cleaned out pretty
much everything we had in the storage
room there's like dolce gabbana hoodies
it's for the plain t-shirts
it's camel custom speed suits like
million different things and the reason
we were cleaning it out is because we're
gonna sell it to you guys like not
expensive but we figured that instead of
just like you know leaving it collecting
dust in the basement I think there's
quite a few you that can find some use
for it so the reason that we're doing
this now is because we have a visit from
you and David and the reason that
they're here is first of all they have
this huge transport truck it's gonna be
very interesting to see if this works
out but Yunan david have been a part of
the startup called gatorade which is
basically a marketplace but much more
refined than today's marketplaces I
gotta say like the initial idea it's
awesome I mean I know how many questions
I get I can i buy that Red Bull hat
where'd you get that shirt now we have a
place but now the real challenge begin
and we made it and if you thought that
we would just say like hey buy our stuff
so we can make money that's not the full
story because 30% of what's in there is
gonna go straight to charity and we're
gonna be real low on prices just a
little better than just giving it away
so I think that's a good thing and we
are back in real time again I have
filled eleven of these books is familiar
let me show you a couple things that I
found gumbo gumbo jacket nice one Jay
Lynda Bird jacket this is brain you have
used it a few times but I really like it
but I've I have too much stuff we have
so much really a gumball hoodie oh this
one is so cool this is note or jacket
sorry Sultana I have too many jackets so
like this is just a couple examples but
they have like 11 books is from here and
I know the stuff for Monica that we are
gonna sell but I saw up from Monaco that
was recorded before Columbia and now
when I look at unlike 30% to charity
that's kind of lame so I'm gonna change
it and I'm gonna say that all a hundred
percent of this is gonna go to charity
that's way better right 100 percent
sadder than 30 yeah so if you want
gumball stuff for ski jackets or skis or
whatever it is we have and you would
have you know help with charity you find
all the links in the description and
then the way it works is that you can
follow me in Yanni so if you're really
keen on this stuff then you can follow
us so if you create an account and
follow us then you get a notification so
you can be quick on things find all that
info down there that's okay but yeah now
this is done that's perfect so now it's
the last time we see this no way we got
a second goodbye yes but now it's time
to go on a couple missions with Ricardo
going left gone right today we're going
left no more secrets and going right but
now we can say hello up in the mirror
alright hello return hello in the mirror
richard has a private driver today
because he got laser eye eye laser in my
eyes is he might they are so big I don't
see anything
no private driver we are gonna go look
at some floor tiles some furniture you
know that kind of stuff when you have we
have to do when you have a new house
like this every day this is our banker
that doesn't love it but I love it some
are beta cruising
Fernando Fernando tiles if you need to
come to with a lot of energy because the
new house is big this can I'd like me
full story we need to spend a week
inside this toy oh this is going to be a
lot of oh wow not too bad if you don't
want to put in my future bedroom this
can be done I think we're gonna be a
while so instead of us filming nine
hours of like random stuff let's do some
b-roll and then we'll be back with some
more like what happened
good God dies ready I'm exhausted
already and we so far we picked
executive zero things for the house I
like this one uh-huh it's reach other
proof you already have one that's I like
you because then I know how it looks in
real life it's like yeah we gotta put
furniture in the new house and then you
start looking and you realize the
choices and you realize you have a lot
of work ahead of you
oh yeah and yes work more this place is
not so cheap yeah it's like buying one
thing is okay but then when you need
that stuff for 800 square meters but you
knew that's when you bought the house
right that was big know him that's a
surprise I remember philic has a camera
that took me forever this is almost
three times give me your card and go out
and wait in the car and I can do this
for you oh yeah those really quick give
me one hour can you give me a nice card
okay we take this we're gonna buy just
this TV imagine you have this inside
inside totally normal
nobody imagined like you enter the house
you have this Wow three of them yeah I
think it's enough furniture shopping for
one day mm-hmm now we're gonna go look
at beds yeah this is not a bed yep it's
a Jacuzzi with a running machine oh yeah
no this is a okay you gotta like your
jacuzzi Wow
we're back to this place
wouldn't you get the mega sweaty running
in world water uphill with water
still here still here with brochures
impressive next week I need to start
working wow this is a really nice but
this one this is really really nice
yes yeah this can fix your back if you
have a problem
this is 210 right yeah it's good right
or having a massage at the same time I
don't know Wow hold on I want to watch
TV okay I would never go out of the bed
if I this we can buy this as a couch I
like yeah we seem like in a cinema room
you always have a couch and you're
always sitting and comfortable so why
not have this in the living room
like have you ever sat in a couch in a
living room and be like yes I'm so
comfortable right now no ever has have
anyone ever said that yeah
can you connect three like then we're
talking couch we go home and Google nice
basic right okay thank you so much now
after Google Richard to study at massage
in has what do you have light under and
massage do you have any it's what we
call an overkill bad
thank you movie night back in a couch
not at that imagine if this now was a
foldable bed you watch a movie in there
you sleep in a new wake up when you
watch a movie it's perfect
not convinced about the bed couch I
think this is quite good it's so it's
not the same like a bed imagine mom I
wanted my protein pouring I needed to
get further food imagine if you had that
electronic bed yeah my brother is coming
yeah now I lay down see who's with me
let me know in the corner playing with
the bed oh my softly hey I've got an
idea
how about everyone go on Yanni's
instagram below and just comment that we
should get an electric couch i think
she's gonna hate the idea of a triple
bed in the water instead of the triple
bed in the Sun bed you want to Samba
with as well yeah okay everything I
think we're off to a great start there's
a couple and either way I think we
should end the vlog yes as you notice
we're kind of tired and we're not making
much sense and then sometimes it's
better to end of all them to have us
like keep talking ba ba ba so we can
have a pudding and then we can watch a
movie
