I'm looking here the decisions were
booking Wow yes you'll have to make some
better videos so we can upgrade
definitely yeah so I don't know if the
vlogs are better now or not
but we still have this we are officially
gonna try the Emirates first class from
Tokyo to Dubai Dubai - nice sir -
flights it's ok yeah but now we should
run check out the lounge because if it's
one flight I don't want to board last on
I think it's this one so let's check out
the house yes and I forgot to say this
is not very promotion again so we're
gonna say what we think of this which
wouldn't really a matter because I don't
think we're gonna have anything but good
things to say
let's check the lounge
in selection
13 coffee and abuse in dessert
Frenchie's
but when you have a first-class flight
you should they eat too much because I'm
guessing the food will be good how it
was good it was fantastic when you're
gonna fly around the world it's nice to
start feeling fresh yeah and I love the
fact that you're eating food in the
lounge what you're gonna get on but I
just said you should eat too much okay
go check out Safeway yeah we should
board its board I don't think I've ever
seen you this pom-pom either it's one of
those things you like oh yeah but I
would never sit there and then he is and
then we fucked booked with flight guru
as usual and he's like yes you're taken
however there is an upgrade that you can
do I'm like ready
I've never good at say no but that's a
good thing also use a restroom can you
give me a high five
yes I'd say they're almost the best
thing about this is that you can vlog
and you're not feeling awkward cuz
everyone's looking at you because no I
can see you
except for Benny this is gonna create a
problem for future travels or tell us to
work harder depending on how you want to
look at it
thank you so much
never gotten dumper neon on a flight
before have you ever had dumped Ernie on
a flight Benny no in nothing 2009 oh
yeah yeah it is well cheers them they
say they said you only live once so you
should do whatever you can actually my
secret plan is that I'm doing this only
so that Benny feels like well I can
never quit this job it's really fun
takeoff we haven't taken 40
thank you so much cheese take it back
so I just asked them about you have any
express meal that I can get really good
it's like oh no no no
it's unlike a manual so you can just
pick whatever you want if you want
breakfast now you can have that and you
can have it at any time so I was kind of
thinking maybe I should start with some
caveat and then because I know if Yanni
was here she would for sure get
breakfast cereal with this yeah and then
I was thinking maybe some some beef
tenderloin after the receipt I thought
maybe kind of make a review as they yeah
that's a comma like business but a
little nicer this
I'm feeling retardancy not great
everything is but it's truly it's
so I'm just gonna finish this and we'll
check back real quick before we sleep
now
this right here is why we actually one
of the others fights that we can sleep
like babies
remoisturize ik pajama exactly to stay
he came me I don't know how it works but
it's really comfortable
and look look here if I turn this on
do not disturb we felt that we needed to
show this also that look it's got a
tempurpedic mattress I don't know we can
say anything else I think the pictures
speak for itself so I'm going to use
this little button here close up the
door get some sleep and then we're gonna
see you guys in the morning
hopefully I'm gonna have the best flight
sleep of my life cuz honestly this is
hands-down an experience
good
and it is good morning I slept like a
baby
fantastically but more importantly I am
about to have a shower at 33,000 feet so
I figured better you can say good
morning without your shirt on in a shell
or on a plane then you should do it that
way
I suppose you got more than five minutes
erotic water because it's so nice
through there but now I've checked off
one of the things that I always thought
I've never checked off
yep that's a hairdryer
focus in the end I'm sorry you support
I'm important seeing you guys really
soon be good I was gonna put on my jeans
but nice
okay I feel more fresh than coming from
a spa and I hold this little camera I
can make this justice this it's okay see
you soon
it was awesome I liked you a lot it's
better in this video that we're actually
getting out of these seats instead of
passing them thank you thank you so much
thank you so much I feel like it's
really really really hard to make any
sense in this video because it's so hard
to explain a feeling in an experience
uh-huh but never have I gotten off a
12-hour flight feeling more rested and
more fresh yeah it is um comparable go
check out the lounge have some coffee
second downs
so there's lounges and then there is
this lounge and no one no one we can
talk freely we can vlog and having a
morning coffee here getting your day
started it's motivating to say the least
because I want to be able to keep doing
this cuz this is really nice yes that
means we got to get to work and do some
actual work so a bit more coffee and
then just get to it work double speed
and just smile
so it turns out we ended up working
instead of like running around testing
everything in the lounge but I guess
that's kind of what allowance is for yes
get productive we got to motivator on
the last flight to just play around we
wanted to get stuff done but now I think
it's time to go and try like a day
version or the first-class flight
so we just sat down here at our second
flat for the day and now we're trying
out the center seats so they are now
connected on this body how does it feel
how can we say more than insane I don't
know it's nice to just like during the
day though
together yeah I'm feeling Jesus yeah
that does look very bigger than the
other speaker for for Benny sighs the
whole concept of flying like this is
something I never thought I would be
able to experience but after having
flown 12 hours and had a shower before
landing you land and you feel like a
million bucks
welcome aboard of the end
let's play with the buttons 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 15 the minibar we have
Pepsi agent Land O'Lakes area Selena
Pepsi time of course there is an iPad
one storage one little storage another
mini storage in other words writing one
mirror too
three mirrors - seatbelts for your
little bag 1f conditioning - illusion
one power plug one is the two USBs at
folks one Emirates back sleeper
Iijima
amenities
toothbrush hairbrush Bodi loves children
aftershave tower razor blade foam
perfume
sniff box focus sleep calling skin down
dry shower feet cream
yeah I hope we see them really soon we
just flew we have 17 hours on the a380
Emirates first-class as well as what
four hours in Dubai yeah and I feel like
9 million bucks
yeah which I would say is a great thing
considering we have to move back at the
airport in about 17 hours fly to Germany
to find the best way to travel on the
road oh but now we are just gonna pick
up our bags and go say hi to Yanni but
thank you Emirates for like letting us
buy that ticket but no you guys know for
being insanely awesome yeah for being
fantastic we're gonna spin straight to
Yanni since we've had a really long day
see Ortega in the morning Yanni oh and I
made it back to my honey yes I haven't
seen you in two weeks no it's a long
time yeah we have been spinning around
the world but now well we're gonna hang
out for a few hours seven more hours
before I have to go to the airport again
and fly to Germany but then we're
driving back down here I was planning to
come with you but when I heard the plan
over there I was like you guys were like
it not so much for me so yeah quick
little pit stop here just wanted to say
hi I know Yanni has a lot of fans on
this channel so I figured we should say
hi hey guys but now we should also say
good night cuz I'm pretty tired and we
got to get some sleep before we're going
to Germany yes so over and out for
Monaco and we'll see you guys real soon
I hope you liked our little luxury trip
it was really nice see you you'll have
to check out the blog oh well okay Oh
Monaco Monaco and time to sleep
