and good morning morning today is not
going to be a regular void because today
we have a friend that is selling one of
our neighboring houses so if you don't
like house doors check back tomorrow and
check out the volume you know regular
vlog done but today we're gonna check
out one of our new neighbors 3 million
euro villa so this is exciting
come join us for a house tour more again
let's be good always happy always though
you want to see your neighbor's house
yeah coming out for exclusive listing
exactly so it's gonna be nice it's
always good to see houses around and see
all the properties and then you have to
bring a cake when you move in he doesn't
want to be so close anymore it's my
birthday in a few days perfect yeah
thank you thank you so we have a guest
meters and the house is eight hundred
and eighty-one thousand square meters in
total there's a big house so if anyone's
wondering this is not our house we have
a house in the same community yeah ours
was 800 this is a thousand for the new
viewings and we have something we have
the Builder said today is to do last
things on the house they will do
everything to make it bigger like the
doors to get the interview when you
enter the house yeah
I found it but it's really expensive to
do and it looks terrible into the water
closet that exactly very nice Wow nice
and then this is actually from the
window and then now we have to change it
cause penny just broke they're amazing
yeah we have to cut all this down to get
even a better view from terrace Turkish
was gonna make bigger the gardener's
always happy ba ba ba ba did you
understand I didn't understand a word
yeah I mean I'd make the poor green yeah
it doesn't look as good no blue blue is
a back in the old days
I love the the plot they're like yeah
he's 3000 square meters the plot so it's
a big plot and I love the area like up
here cuz yeah it's close to Richard so
it's so quiet up yeah quiet and gated
very positive very very positive
yes it is so how many flows in the new
one for maybe an investment to do
oh wow okay the favorite place yes this
is very spent time when you have rainy
days like two or three Marbella so yeah
actually take all the furniture out you
can put like dr. tech to put a gym there
and I would like these proves will go
all the way out no but I'd like a house
out pink pill so hop in hop out and no
72 over there if you want to propose
ever we do that in the sunset but no
like Nick Nicholas actually helped Benny
to set up the whole thing with the
candles and I still can't feel my thumb
after all they're lightening the couch
yeah 2250 and he kept stressing and
stressing it's nothing we're coming but
that's good I'm so glad that's over with
like yeah no more secrets no more
stressing and yeah I know you have
amazing plot when you get your kids with
their wife Wendy you can have the kids
playing around here I have a football
goal there well yeah Benny he doesn't
need kids to play around like he wants
to jump up and down and thinks every day
anyway so I will I will be the wandering
because we are the kids just an entire
big mattress and exactly just to make
sure in this house is no happy ending
that these cameras everywhere
what's this Wow they always wear the
Gator is yeah I didn't even know we oh
we have a volleyball court beats nobody
down there no I didn't know we're
hopeful Court in our community bedroom
wait ass it's good good place
kitchen that's my new kitchen yeah good
stuff gawking out Duncan mouth again now
he's no guidance really expensive yeah
this curtains where to take away well
thank you for letting us to see it no no
problem if we have prospects looking at
something impressive in Marbella we'll
put Nicklaus email in the description so
you can let him know let me know if you
want to be a neighbor with you and also
on just let me know and then we sorted
out we go next
oh look at more look at more we can look
all day but son I think you drive by a
place and you wonder like I wonder
what's behind the gates that's why I
really wanted to come so I'm so curious
when you go by and you see that there's
something massive you don't know what
and price was it's been out before but
it's gonna be out maybe 2 9 we're gonna
put it out we haven't really decided is
so much money we're gonna put into it
now to see to make it really top-notch
it's a decent neighbor is a decent area
coming in yeah come give my labor that
you're losing the ball over this trick
in the book and what construction starts
one to fix it starts now cuz the
gardener's here today Mina for what so
you see it down there it's starting with
they're actually house to do
construction so really it really needs
freshen up they didn't look like a nice
place
terrible I don't think anyone will live
there Mouse yeah who would choose this
well then we're gonna continue with our
day or small houses for you
see you probably today later yeah see
you later
across yeah thanks for the visit so so
since you can't walk through a giant
house in two minutes
it ended up being a full vogue but check
back tomorrow and we'll be back in
business with a regular vlog hope you
liked it and if you have three million
euros and you want to be my neighbor you
know you have Nicolas info in the
description yes but now time to time to
go kiss my wife-to-be
you
