good morning so Benny just came in this
morning saying do you know that new
iphone is released Mike I want one I
want one so I put up a instant story say
asking if anyone has one that I will pay
a little extra to get it so now my phone
is being bombarded with Apple in
Marbella like that has it 15 people in
my bay already no way yeah in 10 minutes
but like it's like the comments on the
lot
Wow so that is part of today's mission
to find an iPhone because you know me I
don't have patience so hopefully one
person can hook us up
yes we're gonna we're gonna update you
on it but it's so fun when when you have
social media and you can reach you know
what's the million people be like I need
I thought can you get it in this no you
can in the store after war you have to
be smart pre book and do all of that so
that's why we're in this Mart we travel
too much so that is that and then we're
gonna just run around and do more baya
stuff beautiful plastic Omar bad day but
that was a good start yeah it got me
excited mission time we don't have an
iPhone yet but were you like we're
pretty much there so we're gonna go for
a little mission little lunch and
hopefully find an iPhone yeah Mac seems
he ate his own pillow he likes very
faded
step one I keep having these things that
I run on the name in English heck sucks
like it's a big sister from the hedge
and gold paying for the gate mission one
complete we should do you start we need
to start to work with our our bodies as
we learned in Colombia so though that's
why we buy electric things yeah why
didn't you get the manual one who - food
first so the plan was that we're gonna
go and get an iPhone after lunch but now
when I was trying to set the time to
pick them up one by one that DM me all
of a sudden had all these weird reasons
that couldn't or like parents wouldn't
let in all this which in 90% of the
cases means that they they they DM set
everything up and then like they don't
have a phone
no so we're gonna keep searching but for
now we're gonna that said yeah I mean I
don't we had a look at it I don't really
need it but it's like if it's new you
want it yeah they wouldn't it was a fun
mission but we're we haven't given up
yet but if I ask something on Instagram
don't DM me and say you're gonna buy
their also stuff it becomes a lot of DMS
to look through yeah but I appreciate
the ones that are serious yes but now
new mission
okay ginger nut others not American
imagine dilemma we need some for the
ginger it's such a good like wake me up
like there's some more
we're so bad at ordering things yeah
what's her name
perfect oh you haven't got a big one and
a small with the tumeric
about one of the trend and I called
ginger mm-hmm
very very good oh thank you thank you
yes we should have taken before the
Lumia yeah our skin is falling off now
bye-bye on my shoulders gonna be like a
snakeskin in the back thank you tada
favorite place pineapple apple mint
super bra super sweet super nice yeah
fantastic super bra was it bro good girl
bra bra bra bra
what's happening we are having a moment
of reality in this vlog I'm sure a lot
of boyfriend's recognize that
girlfriends love to pop sits and like
belittle I just want to show a little
bit of reality but we didn't realize
that there is no iPhone so we're gonna
go take a walk on the beach instead
because laying on the couch here is not
very comfortable at the moment so I
think the beach will be better this I
think this is a yeah
every moment with dogs running around to
continue with all the weird stuff they
think about doing now walking on the
beach this is a good thing like great
should set never sit down can sit down
and get tired yeah
ah what's not to love about the Marbella
life when you can run on the beach in
November we landed after our Colombia
flight and drive there was a fly like
flying around like this and I was so
tired and dumb that I'm like why yeah
okay never mind the fly the rest was
really nice to the dogs and like walking
along the beach in November and now we
have some books us we're gonna before we
have today we be always like foxes
myself I always used to do this because
Oakley used to send me boxes and they
had a tape that you could break through
like this and that has stayed with me
protein pudding from barbells oh you see
me drink this right
vanilla mm-hmm not this is my breakfast
MIT the vanilla ice on quite vanilla
chocolate vanilla and chocolate which is
a favorite vanilla for sure I hate
eating breakfast so then fluid breakfast
is great
books in a book
hmm I love skulls suspicious from
suspicious on tap yes
oh nice super cool thank you suspicious
unfair because we have sweated a little
bit in Colombia and I have not had time
to do a lot of laundry yet so this is
like super well timed I love this call
on it
I love skulls I even had a he blow skull
bang OH
super nice it's nice it's like kind of
like dressed looking but with the skull
so it has a little attitude I like that
or maybe it's for Benny mm-hmm are you
next to lunch ah this one is cool it's
cool school like suspicious thank you
hmm said Morrison I think it's one for
each word tea oh very thoughtful no look
this is yours it's a no but now that
we've opened the boxes I say we're gonna
cook a real dinner but now it's like it
got dark super quick so we're we're
gonna end today's vlog Lucas we've had a
great it's like a great movie a day when
you just run around do different things
get a juice and like walk on the beach
we'll see you guys in a couple days
peace Murphy I'm gonna start with to
listen so ciao ciao
it's Chow on this vlog you kiss a dude
luteal on your blog
