good morning what are you doing on the
court we are at reaction Airport floor
because you know my back's normally kind
of bad and I was expecting it to break
while carrying concrete and then it's
been all ethical we carrying concrete
and I've been like yes I'm like my back
is never gonna be bad again then I had a
shower just before coming to the airport
I was driving my hair and I'm like nah
so I am on the airport floor laying on
this your magical bull and it feels
pretty good
I'm just making the best of it it's not
ideal to have a bad back before you're
gonna fight 21 hours then and drive 1700
kilometers that's the good position
everybody says like this flights delayed
we're gonna hang out in this luxurious
Airport for a bit they do food and this
is the whole airport that's gonna be an
interesting trip no problem there's
never a problem only solutions hello
guys
time to okay I have to talk quiet it's
time to board the plane since June it's
not really a hard guy he's like sitting
here and complaining about his back as
usual so it's time to go on the plane
and let's meet up in Bogota see you ciao
Richard so stress yeah great show Jeff
to chill it's no problem we're time
together how many people you think these
guys would be late these guys are early
and Richard it's like he's probably
asleep already but we had a bit of an
adventure
mm-hmm our main man first we have to
thank Pele I should thank you
he's been our main man from oncostatin
down here and without him we wouldn't
have been able to have a phone to eat or
anything yeah but we were late flying in
so you missed the connection so we
managed to find a seat on this plane but
it's been a bit hectic but now we're all
here we're on time no problem
yeah it's all good too long long yeah
we're making it towards your ever making
progress
hello to Richard's yeah he's already
sleeping we were in the lounge and it
was like free food like really
comfortable and nice not like if Sam
atlas was here he would probably go to
McDonald's and is important to get food
he literally left to get food when
there's no one left in the line he left
the gate no way like you're crazy but we
want you more often like walking around
with no bags it's pretty down yeah two
one now we have night yeah but this what
we're talking about again yeah he kept
it so I was something else and it ends
yeah dude I think you were not wearing
anything no I was gonna say my back
feels like actually better yeah after
laying on the ground on that spike ball
so now I'm actually just useless
carrying bags but I can actually walk
without think through this we should
really film this vlog on an iPhone and
yeah something because it's impossible
to try it out the vlog of the other day
you know would like 49 different drone
shots and all that but I think now I
talked enough so since we're gonna get
on a fight and fly and be worried I said
we we show a shot that we shot that was
going to go on the blog today but it was
all rainy so we couldn't use it so enjoy
this little beautiful shot while we fly
and we made it to London thank you
Bonjour I'm back at the blog it was a
bumpy ride anyway we're in London and it
is sunny and nice in London we are 30
percent into our little travel day we
have a good bit to go I'm kind of
feeling that Richard should just take it
over I think it was so good and video
hot Chuck yeah could you see yourself
walking around like this every day
yeah the new vlog comment below if you
think Richards just start a vlog that
will be fun
Oh No
boys yes
one final fight to go for today the
little British Airways flight from
Heathrow and loved him - nice and then
taxi ride demonaco sleep a bit and then
just drive for a little like a little
like 1,700 kilometers but now we're
rested we feel good we're ready and it's
it's a different kind of day because we
have had so many impressions over the
last week there's so many thoughts in
our heads that it's uh yeah we're
feeling good
lots of good positive thoughts and one
experience richer but now it's it's it
feel like it's a full vlog of night time
because we're flying with the time zones
and it's constantly dark outside but
such is life sometimes but now it's time
to fly a bit more it's been he makes the
play so nice here we go
Ella French Riviera
Richard is complaining how cold come on
this so yeah what we're doing good but
now we're gonna go sleep for a bit so
we're gonna say bye bye yeah I was gonna
say since we don't have the biggest car
miss your take is gonna I I'm not so sad
but I'm sad to leave you Ortega it's
been a pleasure having you on the trip
and thanks for showing everything in the
best possible way ever thanks to you
guys for this trip more than amazing
thanks a lot for this trip like it was
the best experience of my life I agree
100%
I want to spin it I say we spin it to
tomorrow morning when we're on the road
towards Marbella and a couple hours
later good Morgan Yanni there we go are
we ready we are always ready I'm so glad
there's a go
I'm so excited too that's how I feel
it's road trip let's go yeah let's go
it's 6:00 in the morning and here we
come are they out
question is the police coming see one
light but no blue lights that's good so
far so good
only blue science why are you driving so
slow because I passed the police officer
going faster so now I'm just waiting to
see whether he's gonna come up here and
try to bust me or not and we are back a
few hours later and I would say been
halfway halfway to Marbella so we banged
out like 800 kilometers here in the
morning good little morning session but
now it's time for some gasoline some Red
Bull and feel it probably gonna buy all
the kids in the store but we're alive
and we're doing good
I like driving it's nice relaxing and
it's like therapy and it's nice if we
get to see lots of things
sorry pal chicken everybody ready
how's the sleep in the back seat team XE
ready yes team front seat ready all
right let's do one final push of this
trip and then we're in marbella 50
kilometers 47 hours door-to-door
including the flights and everything yes
but we let me stand up friends if the
legs still work okay I think it's about
time to end this good old vlog after a
semi long Baek is holding a light in the
camera and trying to talk at the same
time it's getting really tough so we're
gonna enjoy some Indian food and then
tomorrow we're gonna figure out what to
do because our initial plan was to land
in Monaco but then we had a car so we
never leave one man behind we are all
here and then we're gonna figure out
what to do tomorrow but this is this is
goodbye from the best trip in like ever
let's just leave it at that
ciao ciao
see you guys soon
