come on less loose we ran out of water
like 40 minutes ago but everyone refuses
to stop until it's nice so we are and it
isn't singing on the last breath
tomorrow those things ready to go yes
Richard and Yanni is still pushing so
I'm going to keep shoveling now it's
good they don't when it's raining here
it is mud fest mm and like 17 so we
wanted to make sure that they can move
between schools without walking in the
mud so it stays cleaner inside it's
starting to be hard to do anything right
gonna stop shoveling until Richard stops
I see Richard coming yes yes we don't
have I was saying Richard I wouldn't
stop shoveling till you came out but
they took longer than a second time yeah
Lyndon I think we need to go get water
every time I sit down I try to stand up
by I stop to sit down that's afraid I'm
not gonna get out so
time to leave what about this stuff here
can you come early tomorrow I think
everyone is in the bus now
I think we forgot to say good morning we
just arrived this is what was waiting
for us Wow
but it is a good morning it's the
morning that's better than pretty much
every morning I'm having a hard time
talking but not because I'm tired yeah I
was saying I'm having a hard time
communicating usually it's because I'm
tired and I'm like kind of lost for
words amazing
Wow well I think we need to do this a
lot more yes although our bodies needs
light a bit of rust a breath time done
well now now I don't need to break like
this morning I needed is then you come
and see all the children and yet
you know what is happening no I don't
really know either I think we're
supposed to sit here I'm gonna give it
my best
normally I don't dance but today we are
dancing yet but this is so sick
it's so cool in so many different ways
that's a good time oh it's safe to say
that we get to experience a few things
down here
time for the for activity number two we
are gonna challenge the school's top
soccer players he's God knows how we're
gonna handle the heath because I think
they are a bit better than us team did a
lady know no one's that yeah the idea
was tell matching white shirts but but I
think we're all gonna go minimum Heat
team
shirtless ten plus ten minutes we manage
ten seconds in the dance seven on the
field
ready
I'm done I think I'll get drafted
anytime soon that football player
football team so far well we try to get
our breath back I think it's about time
that we show a little before and after
and show what it actually looks like now
in six days I'm like 20 kilos less try
to play for put in sixty degrees
yeah
yes a couple people see that we got
submerged but it's no samples
surrounding ourselves I figure the best
thing we could do is bring them here to
the workers and then there was a
sebacean kid that held a speech in front
of all of us they don't think we can
help so I think it's about time to
conclude this trip and I have to say
that it's been by far the best trip of
my life not only do we come here and I
feel like we're making a huge difference
and we work and I feel that this is
something I truly want to do a lot more
of but it's also been a good lesson to
understand how much better my brain or I
think generally how we feel when we're
working with our hands we're working
hard and doing good stuff rather than
being scrolling through Instagram for 6
hours a day or doing emails and I
constantly feel stressed but this week I
have felt better than I ever have and I
think it's a combination of being here
doing good things but also to get away
and just sort of live life like right
here right now no distractions no
nothing so it's been nothing short of
incredible and I promise that we are
gonna do more stuff like this that
hopefully we can involve a lot more
people into the week and maybe some of
you can join us on future trips because
I hope that it's gone through how
amazing this all has been and you know
yeah
their words to put it it's been simply
100% amazing and I am so happy that
we're able to help a lot of kids and now
that we built the school the local
government will make sure that there are
teachers there are this food there is
school furniture and all this so it's
great to have a project that doesn't
sort of you know end when we leave so
that is really fantastic and I also want
to thank Ankush chief design for all
their their great work they're doing
here and the connections they have they
follow up on every school and everything
so thank you for showing us this place
and then of course the Liam O'Leary and
Alex who fund of one of the schools and
of course mr. Richard the fund of the
other
now it's time for me to plan to fund the
third and fourth and fifth and sixth we
have a lot of big plans so thank you for
hanging out with us this week it's been
incredible but now I think we all need
to rest because we are pretty freaking
tired from this week but tired in the
most fantastic way so if you have the
opportunity I can't recommend this
enough it's been probably the best
experience of my life
but I am tired I think that was the
signal so I think now there's only one
thing left for this vlog and it's to say
ciao
