let it see us we are back 48 hours later
with 10 broken bodies look at this quite
a progress huh these two guys like this
is Aleksandr by the way CEO of linear
motor he taking care of Richards name
and they've just been doing nothing like
there's nothing these two have been
machines and it shows that when you know
how to work with your hands you outdo
skiers that have endurance to go down to
the slopes but like look at this like
we've been 10 12 men yeah so yeah it's
been by far the toughest work I've ever
done like it's like if that six hour
training session I feel like I'm gonna
lose
kilos a day and Richard has like swollen
arm and black nails but we up and it's
early early in the morning sunrise is up
bright and early because it's not a
swarm for like an hour and it's time to
eat that in my creature took a break
yesterday like okay I'm good to go give
me a 50 kilo phone it's rewarding work
it's like hard work we need to be but at
the same time you know it's something
good but it's tough that's what we're
like good money you need how's your time
I think it's good to chose where we're
not here to be on a sunbed we're here to
get done I thought maybe it's a
good I wanted to show that this is the
current classrooms they have here and we
see like goats and dogs running and
running around here so this is what
currently is available and that's what
we're trying to build and improve and
the good thing here is that if you build
a school then the local government is in
charge of putting food there and sort of
running it so that is the good thing
that if you build a school than a lot of
other positive things follow after and
that's one of the reasons they work with
this area and it is a humbling
experience to like work with this and
then see how all the students are so
happy and curious and and yeah it feels
good really good that's something I
haven't I I have not looked at my cell
phone in two days
that's how exhausted we've been we've
been here at 6:00 every morning and then
worked full-time and then like trying to
like regroup for the next day but it's
good it's good to get all the other
normal stuff out of the way and not
worry about that and just focus on work
yeah working with your hands and
building and sorry for the late uploads
yeah like we're trying but it's
difficult see classrooms are important
but having fun in between classes is
also important so me and Benny we saw
that they were missing nets for the
soccer goals so we're gonna try to
figure out
cuz on the other side you see like you
kick you score a goal you're close to
the road yes how close this close yeah I
say we get to work we stop filming and
just keep lifting concrete
onew poppers are all son reporting for
duty
oh but what are you doing here freaking
Alex these has some useless and the only
thing I'm good for is like collecting
dust off the floor do where to good you
good this is what he has been doing the
concrete from the poor so this is my
face mask to not have too much concrete
in my lungs
ah before this I was doing
but it's good that I need something
where I don't have to wait there you
when you don't know what to do I don't
like that so I'd rather just zip like us
yeah rich as long as you can and then
game over it's not the way like it's
crazy the speed everyone works that yeah
say we've had breakfast at 5:30 in the
morning dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon
and water and like peanuts and that's
all the rest is just like everyone's so
competitive it's like okay they're doing
that room I'm going to do this better
and faster I'm not gonna rust and then
it's funny to see Alex and Richard if
Richard doesn't take a break Alex won't
take a break and if Alex doesn't take a
break Richard won't take a break it's
warm that's the current status report
paints going up progress been made and
my shoulders are getting burned the new
Hewitt endo he few dirty probably a
combination so yeah this is what port
goes on when you go to build the school
but it's almost done paint I've done
doors everything yeah and then we have
some help the local construction guys
are going to put out the roof and then
mixed up this to clean off the walls and
paint them and that's when you get a lot
of a lot of this you don't need to try
to tan here it's like a Fitness tanning
camp plus a boat of school yeah just
learning how to boot oh yeah cover learn
so many things today no face
hold your breath is good very good back
some painting
you're the last one last one to work you
know me slight perfectionist I want to
order to like just like find the little
holes and it never will
sorry do you want some minute I do come
and join us
adults time go that is the main thing
they live off yes out here first like
proper meal out here working
that's not peanut some water this is
like perfect yeah I love getting
obsessed know what's better than being
obsessed with like making a school look
better mm-hmm
that's when you know you're directing
your energy in the right way I couldn't
be better than this good appetite
everyone thank you and good job for
today strong team oh it smells delicious
I was gonna say we've been talking about
that we'd love to do more of this so let
me know in the comments if anyone would
want to join us for a building fitness
camp and do a lot of good at the same
time yes be good to know if there's an
interest if you want to come it's more
concrete with me discover some amazing
places yeah announcing people spend the
time on I'm not gonna hate on social
media but it's nice to take a break
sometimes and just just live well okay
and the food was delicious
let's check back in the hotel how do you
guys think about my hot I got it from
the locals nice huh really looking also
together here at the hotel
we are going on an adventure today the
first adventure since we got here and
that means walking 100 meters to the
beach with the painted palm trees in
this hand hello how can we not come okay
so we have this 78 meters away from the
room and we have not been on the beach
at that hopefully reflects on the amount
of energy we've been putting on building
yes Wow and my hands hurt so bad because
I didn't have the technique to use the
shovel and I call the concrete stuff so
it's just using my hands because I'm
really good at snowballs but it turns
out now I understand why you don't use
your hands when building with concrete
well because they are getting pretty rip
yeah like all these little cuts because
first I would cut my hands and then like
shoving more into concrete I'm like what
does everyone use their hands it's way
more efficient okay hoping this is cold
but but I didn't think so
right now the order lake would be like a
perfect temperature
basic Oh
oh yes it is
that's delicious we could say we'll see
in a little bit and then we'll end the
vlog later but that would just mean that
you'll see us in bad sing over so far
though we're gonna end the vlog now ciao
set figured it's better that we just say
chowing out because it's almost bedtime
in our bodies oh yeah and then we'll
just end with some nice sunset shots you
know mix it up so that I can say good
night Michelle without like dying from
being too tired and brain-dead no choice
but a nut like that
everyone's out of words yeah
when does not just I hope you guys like
all the stuff from here different vlogs
but I think it's good
we're just reflecting over the fact that
you know it's good to have these kind of
trips you know puts prophetic
perspective on things
say
you
