ah this is the place
and that is for us to finish into next
very good base
building to be done in ten days
this is our home for the next ten days
for our work working place hello Benny
good morning good morning there's no
morning that is true we were so occupied
and looking at all this stuff because we
literally didn't know really much about
it before arriving builders in ten days
good luck it's not gonna be so much
ration good look honest yeah so a bit of
background you know more about the whole
project why we're here why Columbia yeah
that's a long story but I try to find
some organization it doesn't take all
the money into some go into different
parts so this one could say like with
your money we can do this and I can see
when it's finished this is what I
invested to the chili so that's why
we've chosen Columbia and unjust
offensive this is gonna be interesting
yeah and I think it's such a huge
difference knowing okay here is what the
money is gonna do when you see exactly
not like it'll do something and so our
job is to help finish build this and
it's supposed to be finished in 10 days
hopefully so this is not going to be a
sit around and cut a ribbon to open a
school kind of trip it's gonna be a warm
working trip oh yeah but it feels great
to do something good and something real
and actually do it so let's say now
we're gonna go learn a bit and we'll
we'll check back once we yeah I'm
curious but uh so two schools one from
De Niro Larry in Sweden Richards company
that he founded and one for music it's
what 7:30 in the morning now and it's
already thirty degrees out there you can
see not much shade one building here so
it's gonna be a good push what is it
that haunts us this is this is not a
vacation this is a camp putting the
gloves on directly it's like a ride
straight to call it a carrying concrete
it's going to be like a a CrossFit camp
but with slightly different results
you ready first mission first mission
move the concrete blocks from here to
there are you gonna take one for
yourself yes done the efficiency the
harder we work the faster we'll finish
so this is what we're going to be doing
for 10 days there's just a water minute
thank you
Rossler
it's going pretty well I don't think we
have a very long-term speed pace but
we'll just go really fast until it
doesn't work but it's like when you work
out you have a now where you go but this
is like 10 days or go work out pace this
is about to all at one or two hour
yeah I lost track of time an hour and
then it has to be perfect hydrate it is
going to be nice water bow yeah Johnny's
in charge of water every 30 minutes
we're doing well yeah we have a bit to
go though it's warm it's like Henry
CrossFit for ten days instead of an
accord and in a tropical place yeah I
wonder how badly we're gonna burn you
put them since me no you I will but like
just just one more then I'll drink and
have sunscreen
yeah one more one more and it's always
like this until the end but it's so nice
instead of just going to the gym lifting
nothing doing nothing here you left you
work out and then you build a school
bill is cool yes that's the way we like
it
see this you see this money 1 2 3 1 2 3
1 2 3 here longer
yeah 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
you know the longer it's important to
make it nice
so when Richard said he was gonna build
the school yeah he you really meant
build this cool bike hold on let me show
you Benny
but now you have concrete in your face I
move the bucket that I got technique big
in my mouth it it's like 35 degrees out
and yeah it's hard work not like there's
another way to put it but it's
incredible to see everything taking
shape and the guys that started on cash
tip that son was here and they're like
oh you guys been building for like two
days like no two hours huh yeah they
thought we'd been building for two days
at night so now we've started so now
we're just gonna increase the pace and
just keep going right gonna increase the
pace yeah that's like 11:30
Bruno perfect temperature it's like
we've been with Henrik at the CrossFit
for three hours and my arms are shaking
because I'm carrying concrete
now the heat occurs you cannot eat it
becomes a drink yeah and then here's our
our water buckets
they are like this but when you see
where they hold the classes now that's a
pretty good motivation yeah
keep building
so all these doing good and we don't
want to be twice as efficient as the
other guys we want to be four times as
efficient
I see wolves everywhere expected
progress today was the first building so
we said we couldn't finish until we made
the bottom part on the second building
you had to double the speed the only
thing I can compare to this it's like a
summer CrossFit when Henrik and the only
time we've taken breaks is when you
stand up and your eyes go black you feel
like you're about to pass out but it's a
lot easier pushing yourself when you
know that someone's gonna be happy for
edia when you work out no one's gonna
care yeah so it's like a combined you
know charity work and fitness and health
camp all that one squeezed always good
yeah like this is epic triple Matteo I
have no idea how to get out of bed
tomorrow but oh that's Bening it feels
like wings for life world run feeling oh
good job oh nice manana like I've been
working as hard as I physically humanly
could without passing out and what every
time I've taken a break there's one
person that's been
that's been missing that's Richard I
don't think it's a coincidence that
Richard built the big company let's do
it someplace
it's gonna be the two most tangible yes
mr. ten time today come in here and
always saying that every time I've been
here it's been one person missing it's
been you can't stop won't stop and I
will endure it and I have a diagnosed
with ADHD like what did you have like 88
jjjp every letter you get out so that's
that's seven hours and that's all I
managed to do insane very good would
yes yes what am I gonna
yes yeah well done Tim see if we give
you the space tomorrow
I was the drive for you it was just my
ice working looking at everything and oh
yeah seeing a lot of different things
but in my brain it's like the body brain
is fried me to do I have a wonderful
idea like the best idea I've had all day
time-lapse while we rest
we just have the second breather the
most brilliant idea of the day Johnny
it's about to enter a vlog so we're just
gonna film yani filming yourself ending
the vlog
okay I'm gonna be a bystander is it even
focus bunny yes and young if you did
this extra well we could put a link in
the description
oh yeah yeah but mine is not gonna be
life when you're his life
okay guys then you're giving me
sorry guys we are gonna end this vlog
today because I am way too exhausted and
the Bennie's filming look - so I'm here
- yeah we're gonna go - oh my god it's
too much going off we're all overtired
can you say that in English
yes yes we're overtired because the
alarm is set on 5:00 tomorrow morning
because we're gonna go up and work again
and next vlog I will actually film some
more because I think this fog was pretty
short right penny right okay so over and
I was from the hotcha I have no idea if
I pronounced it correctly but ciao ciao
ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao
Simone Yabba hasta ma√±ana
