we all good I think we're all good
because we are saying good morning from
Colombia and Bogota and we have a race
taxi we we landed here in Bogota at like
3:30 in the morning flight was early now
we have 10 hours here because our next
flight was late so we're gonna go
explore Bogota with no plan whatsoever
does anyone have a plan what we should
do
we're gonna go into town and like just
look at Bogota feels like we're in
narcos it's so complicated everything
here passport excellent alright I think
we're gonna work it out with the taxi so
we're we're gonna just go explore with
no plan whatsoever we'll just see what
happens how are you feeling this is
gonna be fun it's gonna be good
experience I think so did you have a
good flight yeah nice me throw I slept
like a baby the whole way missiny how
was your flight
good you excited for Colombia yeah super
do we think Benny's excited are you
excited Benny yes Richard are you
excited I don't know this kind of money
is he's a billionaire come on it's not
so much much money left I'm used to it I
have two daughters take my money is that
just in the movie Al Bundy
Syria is like sitting like this I feel
like him don't worry I got your copper
Thanks
what's this I was looking down I'm like
what is this like you have this
I forgot it on after the flight no way
so we've had a slight change of plans we
took the taxi from the airport just to
meet up with the other guys from
Richards company put it it it turns out
that we don't have that much time for
the airport so they're like we're gonna
stay here and then go to the airport and
be and Benny we're like but we want to
go explore yeah so we're right now
waiting for a tram to take us from the
top of a mountain we have to go to the
airport an hour always a great plan and
they don't speak English so we don't
really know if we have time to go the
way up and down though we really don't
know it and I think the Richard would be
here now he would really stress and yeni
would freak out yeah but we're in Bogota
and we're gonna really try to see book
with that from a bob it is a hidden card
I felt we're going in the cable car but
it seems like it's a trade like this
deepest train I've ever seen even for us
this is the terrible idea because if
you're in the city you could go if
you're stuck in the drink doesn't go
what's life without a bit of adventure
boring yeah see you got put follow
Norma this reminds me of glacier skiing
yeah the only speculation but then you
have like six minutes of skis and you're
fighting with 20 coaches
can you feel that we are high yes this
walking the cities on what 1500 meters I
think so something in this this is
higher and my head is spinning oh now
I'm feeling it you wouldn't think that
it's on a high elevation it's the city
it's a big city
I can barely token thing and then trying
to film and talk Wow
thank you very to the top of the city
just 3200 MSM yeah that make sense the
were tired walking alright 3200 and
Astra it doesn't have rainforest
I think we should we ever missed the
file yet because I mean shooting but it
will happen we are here I mean sometimes
it's not bad to have a delayed flight
you just gotta make the most of it and
not be worried when you're flying it'll
work out no problem
we go on the right what no idea based on
this that if you knew karate ah
no good way no but some more weekend
oh yeah but we can 100% recommend if
you're in Bogota take the trip up here
oh yeah they recommended as well
yep quick easy incredible view and Benny
gets a workout yeah but he gets to get
rise right Finny Quran what else
pinnacle RV it means that VIP line as
usual straight to the entrance
I don't seek just to get us
well my favorite animal all right ready
ready ready it's not the place to put
llama it's the first time I see one in
the any two of them to see what hello
nice to see another is having a food
subsidy we might have to take a good
shot
25 minutes later bye lovely creator
Elaine's mission find a cab that is a
good cab yeah
you have any ideas no do you want to be
in charge of cabs no but the guy wants
thing off you should backs it with the
red jacket I have no idea I think people
that are stressed when they travel
should come join us for a bit after that
you don't have to ever stress again my
name is shaking body I grow tea are you
in Columbia that's weird
we had a long layover so we just took
the taxi really quick to go up and see
man so maybe you know we're trying to
find Trixie you have to go to the
airport but we don't know which texted
to take you need to go to Rio right now
yeah I can take you guys if you want
yeah yeah I don't have any problem that
is sooo yeah for sure we can get some
yeah yeah all right
no no you should see my car that's so
good when we're exactly looking for a
way to get to the airport and you just
arrived by chance because it's also like
since we came to just do a layover
normally if you go somewhere you know
you do a bit of research we just jumped
in the taxi were like where did you get
consent there and then we're like and we
are in time on the airport we never
happen yes sensei go you're the man okay
perfect we've got like a perfect like
it's like the best guide you could wish
for in the city welcome back to the
airport and we're early ah
we found the group hello hello so yeah
we're here for like three forever that's
the first time in your life you're
waiting for someone we met so Tiago
we've met him it at the bottom by the
road yeah guys you know what taxi
company should make something like
we've gotten a full tour Oh bullets all
perfect yeah since I go you insane
you're truly the man really appreciate
it and we keep in touch if we come back
to Bogota yeah we'll put your in from
the description if anyone needs a guide
here high fives are always good see you
know the you act do you watch our no one
understands where I'm going the blood
wonder Jakob
one more flight to go on what a solid 27
now powers no it's hard to be played by
yeah lost two sons of I know Richard
forgot us back twice I'm getting tired
thank you
are you guys ready always ready
what a success are we going to have some
thug um delenn probably I've fog on my
godson I was gonna say wow that's a
different temperature than an hour ago
welcome to
ha yeah
we go one
one mother
laughter one more judge but yes with
this no no no I would never touch this
one more yeah
wow that's a nice shuttle that's enough
cool like really cool ready yes
the last
what a cool place yes like driving
around here I can't say that it reminds
me of any place that I've been and I've
seen one tourist so far uh-huh what do
you think that we should end today's
wall here since it's been a long one
because we're gonna be back with a lot
of all this and a lot of construction
work and more of a background story on
what we're doing here and all of that
but I think let me find the team yeah I
don't think goodbye with everyone well
it's the end of the day hold on this is
thin here and like we're taking look oh
you know did you want to step out I
guess it looks like the other team a
part of the team is checking in yeah so
we are gonna meet him in the pelipper
we're gonna check out is it Chow and
we're gonna be right back real soon with
this incredible place ciao ciao ciao oh
no no you have to say it in Spanish
that's not Jesse hasta manana
and that's all I have
shut up
