ah how are you I'm good
yes I'm trying to get organized because
we as you know we're flying to Columbia
tomorrow yes
some like Oh what do I need to do before
we go cuz I've no idea if we even have
internet down there some you wanna just
get organized the Mike one of the things
we should do start pecking and I have a
lot of like we have a lot of boxes so no
we start the day with some box opening
it's more of a bag opening the books
open we have a brand new team set the
new green I know the inception three
people sections enough bags no I was
like debating have we shown this none in
the vug al Abedin hawk case the hacker
exactly so the whole idea behind this
when you have a laptop case you have the
case for your computer but you always
need a charger for your computer and you
never had you never had so then we made
this so then you have a separate extra
pocket you can have a lot of things in
keep your stuff organized and then if
you travel with the aviator hook is on
like this yes
so bags in place let me get a knife
let's see a photo miss your Tenga a
hammock is that a hammock no way from
mizuna from Nelson thanks Nelson
Oh travel mat that you shoot their
eighth yeah so you scratch off where
you've been the goals map from travel
scratches calm
boxers this will try on later yeah merci
beaucoup
Jim shark brilliant morning like cooler
it's boosted core carbon boosted but
faster and longer ends Wow the bamboo
won all the gold modders apparently you
can go 50 kilometers wrench with this
and you can go up to 42 3 kilometres an
hour like holy mother Oh who's here good
money see you or to skateboard what I
wanted one of these a monocle to really
long bipm it's like it's like the
monocle we're gonna be the monocle
versatile
so the booster doesn't have a display
like this does it how nice is you would
know a price on these things they look
hella expensive not too much ever
feeling that moniker just got more
fallen pony yes I own this low mud both
or Oh watch out and this is just the a
combo oh he is fast morning Philip this
is gonna be the end of the board like
crazy
okay so how fast compared to the boosted
board likes like scary so what happened
so apparently skateboards is forbidden
on the streets of Monaco skin woods all
around pulled around took us like seven
minutes but we did go back and forth
did you try the GZ mode like it is like
you're going fast and you're
accelerating it it's like this yeah I
don't even know if I try to speed on it
morning with our morning it's a really
good morning my billionaire I'm reading
an article it's billionaire no I think
apartments it's going really well on
it's really well you know and I didn't
know yeah your estimated net worth is
1.2 billion dollars yeah so I have to
check my bank account again I didn't
know oh can I go buy a ring i buy it for
you so here you can do it apparently
okay GT acceleration
whoa whoa
like the difference between this and the
other stuff like it's like what's that
when you all sit down it's wobbly it's
too much it's gonna be wobbly I told you
I'm at 3.3 kilometer trip and I am a 98%
per 98 and so maybe it's true you can go
50 kilometres so evolve if you see this
with the potential new house in Marbella
I need 10 of these just lined up inside
we're going to the port or the boater or
groceries squad roll out look of it
imagine you have a rack outside the
house see we're building casa con with
2.0 already in the minds faster than the
golfer whoa you always get surprised so
I was just saying evolved we need to
talk
let's figure this out let's contact
Monaco police station and build a rack
in Marbella and have 10 of them max does
this look good smooth will you just
leave Philip here and see how long the
distance is disease now whoa they've
been trying to stop now for six times
okay human versus technology yes
No let's quit while we're on top yes
time we're gonna go look at a new
apartment we're going the whole family a
little walk to check out a new apartment
see if we find something good
if I'm correct it should be the pen
tells up there but on the other side so
hopefully we're gonna be able to see a
penthouse here but you never know how it
is with filming in other people's places
so we'll see the brave will the film
where should be up there
I like that in floor back wheel as good
so we can't film inside but here you see
the view which is pretty spectacular
the giant power bill so we're still on
the roof terrace it's like it's a huge
roof terrace incredible view fantastic
apartment much nicer than most I've seen
but the question is how much noise a new
tower is gonna make but otherwise it's
like by far the nicest apartment I've
seen in Monaco because this is this
earth and how big is inside 90 Terrace
and 90 inside Wow okay so we're back out
again and it's like the nicest apartment
I've looked at by far and Monaco but
it's it also had a couple difficult
things with a little bit of construction
which I think should be okay cause it's
sound and construction everywhere in
Monaco but it also being on to force and
made it a bit more difficult to furnish
oh it's like I loved it but like not all
the way there so now we're gonna go and
just have a quick look at a second one
because the more things you look at like
Richard said you can never have too much
experience in looking at real estate and
apartments so Philips gonna run on the
walls all the way there and we're gonna
take the whole family to go look at more
stuff
well I see you know and we are at option
number two still fantastic you you know
nice apartment but it doesn't excite me
no the other one the other one excites
me yeah but you know it's like it's like
getting a sports car you know you're
getting something you shouldn't but you
really want it doesn't make sense
this is like the Bulba square a suit of
furniture no construction zc and it's
like a new penthouse and no plan tells
not the 10th floor no I think I'm more
of a sports car kinda got no excitement
so voter boom we're building knowledge
yeah
we have to go choi eun-suh tomato and
everything most things
you opened and I know I'm gonna get
questions
yes George is sold for not picked up
yeah oh good
no is here the camera in my rearview
mirror stop why doing what's up is a
terrible up I keep no shot like Sandra's
gonna kill me I polka dial her 20 times
a day
ah but speaking about like Sandra we as
you know I've been trying to organize
structure my life and like get things
more under control and today we're
actually doing a collaboration you know
we don't do a lot of these with Javert
comm hover comm is a website were you
they help you find new website addresses
because you know that my website it is
UHN - Wilson calm and I didn't know what
a - was until I got the website so if I
tell anyone what the website is it
doesn't make any sense so now we got
unison net and that is then redirected
to you knows you
- Olson calm no not bad nice that's good
and then we have teen overkill dot CEO
leads to our YouTube page so if you want
people to find things easier it's way
quicker like that's like oh yeah we do
YouTube you can go on YouTube and search
for units and and then as I've started a
lot of companies over the year finding
the website address for a new company is
really tough so I've looked around on a
lot of pages to find what's available
like dot CE o dot not and all this and
it's not easy but on hover it's actually
fantastic and I've tried a lot of them
that is why we're doing the
collaboration because I've actually
tried lots of things and they're not
good and hovers good so make sure to
check it out you have the link in the
description and the first hundred people
that signs up gets 10% off so if you
want to create a company and and become
a billionaire like good old Richard
check it out great a company start
winning yes there's a skateboard yes
there you go sir the right was
comfortable hope you enjoy the journey
and the Train
I don't many are nobody coins for a tip
but
we'll do it next time always a pleasure
have a ball in Colombia won't you that
we will stay safe well you guys enjoy
the train going to nice going to con you
will meet up tomorrow go to Colombia yes
so enjoy I'm going to move this before I
got a ticket maybe enjoy some b-roll on
the way to come yeah yeah always like
that but they said we'll see you soon
okay always say see you tomorrow
except when on the Evolve skateboard and
your fun Jojo Jojo see you tomorrow
have a good night
you
