and today we are saying good morning
from the Traverse to heaven oh I think
it's safe to say that we are having some
serious luck on this trip whoa with a
ton of snow and now it's cleared up so
now it's all about finding those zones
that haven't yet been tracked out and if
you do it's gonna be an 11 point day god
it was good here yesterday but being
back in here with a ton of unwritten
powder and perfect blue sky it's just
really really good I feel like I'm
losing credibility when I say things are
mega epic but I don't know how else to
put this
it you're right it's so nice to be able
to see where we're going I know we try
to go a little further this way on track
that's better
oh man it is insane I'm with a bit of
walking today it will be pretty good the
only promise that Benny's down there and
he's got the future so I guess I'll just
have to ski for fun here oh yeah
maybe like this
should we maybe drop this
we're truly sorry for all the yelling it
Wigand egg but it's just that pub so you
would think that on a day like today
it'd be really crowded when it's
Bluebird and this kind of snow this is
what we have
like it's like remember
it is
in faith instead it's David 100 times
better than my best snow day before
you know got zero in line for the turkey
no yep
so I have never seen that anywhere else
in the world so it'd be great if you
don't share this video with your friends
and don't come no it's all green screen
and Benny's magical editing so since I
just scream and woohoo my whole way down
I think this is a perfect time to do a
today's question and today's question is
why don't you have more forward-facing
GoPro shots I'll show you why because
you get bored facing is what happens
you wouldn't be anything so that is why
the fusion is great
I think I almost neither smoke screen
whenever turd
I actually thought of something bad to
say about this place is that they're not
very good at connecting the list so you
kind of walk and push and that's these
forty meters that's about the only bad
thing about this place but I figured I
should try to be bring up some
negativity and go with everything stuff
I think I have a plan my plan is go to
the top then hike for an hour to get to
the top top that'll set us up right at
the top of everything that's good
because I had a lot of practice hiking
just now so I'm totally ready want to
put this GoPro down and just keep past
it and then forgot where he put it you
couldn't find it pretty much what do you
know you know when you're like when
you're all bummed so I love walking on
my knees trying to get up hill knowing
that there's great stuff below me but
it's better up there so you gotta keep
going you guys giving up and join the
view they know it's good skiing off
there but I know it's better up there
Bennie's 30 me 40 meters down old scare
Warner there yeah halfway somewhere down
there smarten gave up oh man we should
really get skins walking on your knees
not idea so let's hope it's worth it
oh okay
oh the good old heights villain question
because I couldn't hold myself anymore
it feels like they're like this yeah
that's how the legs feel fat camp 2018
have started officially eating peanuts
and hiking peaks but you know what I
feel pretty satisfied it was a
successful so you're done yeah you think
that's it well I'd rather kind of stop
when it's at its best and now it's just
gonna get warmer and warmer and I was
trying to say that but gonna ski more
maybe we take another run I don't know
what are you saying another run but you
say it we can pretend that we're done
now I know why Warner takes so much time
editing cuz he just needs to learn how
to wrap things up not start six new
conversation within the conversation
we're gonna go have lunch you figure out
what's to
I am tired that height killed me and now
it looks like the storm is rolling in
again
I guess Japan just doesn't think there's
enough snow area you can see that Benny
is looking like a drunk person walking
right and left like I'm saying you look
it looked like a drunk person from
behind just really doing the snake Ron
exactly like I'm feeling maybe you
should buy a little tell here it's one
for sale down the street remember how
the street looked this morning if we
have a shot here's a shot from this
morning and now that got warm quick
we're gonna get how much do you want to
bet it's gonna be snowing within a few
hours four hours okay it's about to
about something
that's how sad I am I can't even walk
straight oh is that it
all right it's most of it most thank you
guys
right thank you we are gonna miss this
place yes we've been I have not slept
this well in this house as I have ever
that's okay that's a good review you'll
find please don't crash websites but if
you're planning on going to Japan you
can check out the link cuz it's pretty
pretty good night you say you saved our
life ended up being great yeah so I
guess it's time for us to head towards
Tokyo my to guy came I can't watch any
blogs of our owns we can't edit because
every time we sit down come home you
want to come back here and be like no no
daddy wait yeah you left a persky's yeah
if you want some extra space this case
downstairs also beautiful
Tokyo here we go Oh ciao ciao so what
are the chances we're gonna make it
nice we have a minute 1/2
hold on boys as you can see we have made
it to Tokyo and I have figured out a
brilliant light situation so that Oscar
doesn't want to be in the ballgame he
doesn't get more famous but yeah we are
in Tokyo and it is sad to see that our
trip is coming to an end
very sad it's a bit yeah but I can't I
think we can hold on and I feel like
we're okay we're gonna pull the full
entourage I'm gonna be Vincent chase and
I think that's all we have to say we'll
see you guys on Tuesday when we are
gonna try out but quite quite possibly
the best way to travel in the sky
looking forward to it
there's gonna be a lot of buttons pushed
in Venice life yes the next little bit
yes Hostel there this is it okay well I
think it's time that we end this thing
cuz I can't do two things at the same
time over and out from Japan I hope you
liked a lot of whoa what Warner are you
gonna keep vlogging yeah yeah oh like
today like all the time well they do it
a little long so I'm going to Korea I'm
going to the Olympics um so I'm gonna do
it from there but um like commit so many
commits we like your vlogs they're
really funny I'm gonna do it a bit
longer
especially longer than a win if it is
one of us insane your ending was amazing
no you look wasn't it
now mine's getting long so yeah I'm
sorry subscribe yes I'm gonna go longer
yes okay boom boom
no picture yeah oh yes the motherfucking
noise hey
