two days long is not gonna start with
some energy filled
good morning because today did not work
out even remotely close to what I had
planned so let's just take it from the
start and see how we ended up here
closing the door for the very last time
come here guys haven't you watched
entourage and entourage they have to say
goodbye to the house goodbye house and I
think they say something along the lines
think about all the good memories that
we've had here goodbye
Cossack Gamow thanks for all the
memories take care of the new owner yes
have lots of fun do lotsa rope swings
jump from the roof and all sorts of fun
things you can think of yeah
but now time for us to fly and we'll
never be back here but such is life out
with the old in with the new
see you soon casa camba you were an
amazing experience
I learnt a lot and it was fun but now to
new adventure
so when you have a vlog and you plan on
flying you have a schedule you have an
ID and all this but when your tickets
cancelled you have to take the car so
then you have to regroup rethink and do
a different kind of vlog so instead of a
flying to Monaco we are gonna jump in
the broom room and drive to Monaco
because when you have a problem there's
no reason and being angry you just gotta
find a solution and sometimes the
solution is a lot of driving right Yanni
so you have snacks that's good because
we have 1750 kilometers to go
stay positive no matter what yep we are
positive perfect today we are making
sure we're inspiring to not get angry
don't get angry get even Yanni's already
in road trip mode the Monaco
is that you Philip
that someone made it smell like
Fortin here and then stop eating
Snickers
it's him we heard that button or Yanni
I'm Anderson Johnny is always innocent
oh that's some beautiful light so
Yanni's that block and I thought she
looked on the screen and saw how
terrible I looked in this light but it
was actually the fart smell you've heard
about it's not a fart smell but we're
like too
yeah what an egg and that's about 200
kilometers from Valencia it is now 7:15
and we have done four or five hundred
kilometers then we're doing good grab
enough like a family road trip
no it's nice like we have seen the
longest straights in Europe on this trip
like it's just miles and miles of
straights and beautiful scenery that's a
good thing when you miss a plane a flame
you know what a plane is it's a word
that's a combined flight than plane when
you miss your flame you get to see so
much more like I've seen like at least a
million olive trees really long
straightaways and lots of crushed
insects on the screen that's why we
switched to talking because mural is
destroyed with all the insects
I was just waiting for someone else to
say something
I'm talking nothing more to a report the
roads are still straight and we still
have
what 12:30 I mean not that many
kilometers to go it's all good all right
we're gonna be back once the sounds down
we're closer to Monaco
and a thousand kilometers later we are
still alive we have pitstop Philip over
here cleaning the windscreen making the
stop sufficient and and yeah a thousand
kilometers at night it's tiring cuz
you're trying to be focused but I have
to say we've been using the Waze app
today and well imagine me you know me I
like driving you know this car it's got
some power a thousand kilometers
overnight not a single flash not a
single police no nothing so big
recommendation to use the Waze app it's
nice second little community it's good
we like that some ways if you want to
collaborate we're right here we're big
fans yep
we are we're good it's like quarter to
three hold on let me get some light oh
there we go that's better
so I quarter to three we are roughly to
be under kilometers way from Monaco but
we're doing good right ice cream in Red
Bull ice cream for you scream for ice
cream yeah I don't know what it is with
me and driving but I just love driving
at night trying to see how far I can
push myself to drive as far as possible
without any trouble with the law
enforcement and without jeopardizing
anyone's safety so keep them in safe and
good but efficient but now quick coffee
and then we'll bang out the last 300
kilometers we should be good to go oh
well we'll figure out the coffee we'll
just keep on vlogging you know not
thinking too much about what we say in
my kind of stuff no coffee I guess
there'll be a fifth Red Bull for for us
then okay I got to work on the gas BRB
yummy first time in a book sit out of it
it's gonna be I wish I could say the
same
I feel like I'm cursed I've done this
route three times once I was in a tow
truck for four hours now we are thirty
kilometers away from Monaco and we have
a flat tire it's like we're cursed first
they cancel our tickets and then we get
a flat tire when we're almost there
700 No Oh
but now my beautiful French have
arranged for a tow truck to take us to
Monaco so yeah kind of a flat tire to
say that now Richards doing an insta
story ruining the surprise of my blog
everybody makes sense the stories make
my date vlog seem dated oh yeah flat
tire so we're gonna go tow trucking it
can you hear it
yeah it's like on the inside that's like
broken
well maybe this one is comfy what you
don't remember didn't happen
I say we're gonna remember this
and we made it to Monaco that's the way
we made it to Monica we didn't fly which
we initially planned and we did not plan
on arriving here in a tow truck but next
time we fly private jet that's rich
you're saying that would be cheaper with
all the expenses that's going to come
with this but now considering the fact
that we have been on the road for a
little while quite a while
I'm pretty tired so we're gonna say good
night and ciao and hopefully the next
vlog is going to be have more success in
it good morning
no we're sick we're say good night in
ciao sunrise in Monaco good morning I
guess but remember don't let stupid
stuff get you down if it doesn't kill
you
just work with it that's what I try to
do I put pride and just yeah take a bad
situation just stay positive we'll end
up with that today looks like it's gonna
be a glorious game
