morning I was just gonna say aren't we
gonna start with a good morning hold on
let me back up here but I was actually
gonna say that I think that we shouldn't
start the vlogs with good morning every
morning no because it like then you're
tied up you have no chance of variety
and I have an idea today I feel like
when you vog it's so hard to pick what
things to vlog because if you shoot
everything you know it'll be an hour log
every day and that does not work so
today I am shooting roughly 30 seconds
every hour and then I want you guys to
comment below what parts you think we
should like keep filming and focusing on
because that's the difficult part aside
bowls is for 9 o'clock so I say bowls
and we'll be back with the 10 o'clock
then it is not 10 o'clock yet but how am
I not like being a vog or how am I not
supposed to like show you this wonderful
acai bowl yani made for breakfast for
you and it is one crazy flare yeah yeah
but you know what I realized really
quickly now it's gonna be so hard to
like just do 30 seconds an hour because
I tend to talk a lot yeah so now we got
to move on wonderful acai bowl in the
morning yes kickstart I did I'm waiting
for you good this yes Cepeda Bowl it's a
lot of mice I love it that's how we
start our day and this is our mission
for today we are packing up we have so
much camera gear like I am supposed to
organize all this this Jonny's crush in
the kitchen yes organizing getting there
see this is the difficult part it's like
you guys want to see us moving or
swimming underwater so that's what I'm
constantly thinking about but maybe
Instagram like has a point when they're
you know just on the insta stories you
can only record for a certain length and
maybe that's what I need one of those
spinning wheels that tells me no more
you organized coming along slowly but
surely and then we have OOP lights lots
of lights from by redan which you're
really gonna hopefully put in the new
house and then it got out we did all of
this yesterday not bad right
it is a couple things to move though but
now my thirty seconds of fame is over
this is gonna be real hard but at least
you get to see our entire day what we're
doing the whole day and everything a
hundred and forty thousand percent right
damn it
I think everyone that's moved out of a
house can kind of understand what we're
going through right now like moving out
of this whole house it's like my brother
said like sickness and moving that's
what you don't wish upon your worst
enemy just look at this memory cards
found in drawers are on the house so now
we're gonna like minimize optimize and
prioritize but first a little bit of
food you're so House Lee right house me
wisely
so basically we're being a very normally
couple we're hanging out we're cleaning
we're moving we're cooking together
singing now Instagram time is up it's
come to an end and a circle time to do
something else
and we get to leave the house first time
in the entire day fine I'm excited
leaving the house me too
it feels so strange sad I do agree it
feels a little sad but in order to
sometimes make better things you got to
let go of older things so I'm pretty
good at not being sentimental about
packing up a house but of course we had
so many good memories here that it is a
little strange
my first thousands Bing for another day
or so before we go yeah but before
anything dumpster dude has got to do his
duty I'm kind of happy today that I said
that I've filmed every hour because if I
would have chosen what to film today
they would have not been avoid today but
now I guess my time's running up here
for for this hour oh yeah but first
let's see if the gold car is gonna
unlock and yannis gonna set a new high
speed record what was my new one 5353 go
go go
yep 44 45 48 49
no no record today but we're no 59th my
no not 5955 but now my time is up for
this hour so we'll check back again see
what we're doing in an hour
spending alone is not so easy look we're
doing normal things today as well we are
not just packing up the house like we're
outside the house sunny it's nice and
look at this we've been shooting
shooting look at this hello miss the
master photographer miss mrs. master
model yes and the Swans should we almost
get ready to like go do something yeah I
like it the team that's doing ten things
hello Portland oh yeah
hello Richard hello Yanni how are you
good okay we haven't shown people the
the porter oh you didn't film that
just a little B role but doesn't count
look at this look we have our driveway
it's why I don't like the daily struggle
when you're moving that sometimes
friends call you and need your help to
move cars and you know who am I to say
no
exactly lots of carbon fibre and like
read the details there carbon I've heard
that's a nice thing and then we have the
top car logo that was my recap okay
should we go recap we're late we're late
as usual
oh you ready honey I'm ready you ready
for some Porsche time are you a Porsche
lady I don't know I haven't been in that
many how do you feel feels good
look good as a back seat comfy back seat
to the baby I tried to tell me something
I'm saying it's lots of carbon it has
four seats oh no a baby see I was saying
more that we should have we said that we
should have four seats but I get your
you
the man's going back
okay this moves it not quiet doesn't it
has to be so many cars when I have this
car when we have a golf car there's no
cars I was just looking at the traffic
BRB it wants this less traffic yes
I love your daddy's the Gracie's dad
father-in-law
maybe someday to be we should go out
with the street-racing more
we're taking the boss have you heard the
yes listen here
what else do we need to know about this
car I feel like every time I get into
cars do a tiny little mini review what
needs to be said about top car is that
they are very good at details like a lot
of tuning companies they'll give you a
carbon-fiber car and then it looks like
this but this is super well made
and here it comes
you did good I'm always nervous when I
have other people's cars and everyone
who's here like standing there looking
at you yeah like not ideal no but at
least we got to have some fun today oh
my god how's it going I was just gonna
say we had some fun today not just
moving boxes all day yeah so that's
great but I think that's a perfect time
to end today's vlog to make it longer
than it should be yeah so I hope you
like seeing all of our day so we're
gonna have dinner up there and yes
really nice it's gonna be I'm so hungry
I'm about to die good but let me know in
the comments what part of the day that
you liked or hate it or appreciate it
that way we know what to focus more on
yes sounds perfect it sounds perfect
then we'll end this with a closing of
the word and I like you maybe I can be a
Porsche guys after all ciao
