egg good morning and we are back with
energy again yes oh yes I know you have
seen on multiple social media platforms
that we had actually been living and not
just disappearing off the face of the
earth my brother is like dude you look
terrible on that last fall and then my
mom that is like God how are you
but now I look okay right yeah like I
almost look like you look tan you look
better
yeah and it's gonna put a good grade on
this too so I looked animation but yeah
we are we're back
or you've energy and we are structured
and we have a plan yes and as I saw a
few comments haven't you sold the house
and and yes Casa camel is sold but yeah
part of the reason that we're here is
because we need to pack up our stuff and
like get it all figured out yeah you
clean the house and yeah a lot of things
cuz it's like you guys see a lot of
things but so one we sold the house to
we're stressing today because we are
going to Columbia on Wednesday to help
build a school for ten days so we are
gonna learn how to be like painting and
hammering and all this so we're trying
to get the vaccine which has been like a
nightmare trying to get the vaccine so
Benny's fine yeah miss us flying back to
France tonight to get the vaccine and
there's all these things going on behind
the blog that sometimes we don't end up
showing everything and we are this close
to getting the keys to a new house yes
but not quite yet once we have the keys
we'll show you what it is let's just say
it makes casa camba seem like a little
cottage and then swim it's always a good
plan to start the morning always do go
say hi to Yanni
even in October yes yeah yeah the
weather down here it's like it's a short
and no t-shirt weather it's it's like
full summer
morning welcome back to the vote huh
welcome back yes
do not disturb miss Yanni when she is
editing no but yeah we're gonna get
cleaned up here and then we'll we're
gonna check back in a second but we are
back yes
Bonjour is mojo again everybody ready
everybody ready you ready I'm ready I'm
ready
we have this like place that we used to
love but we haven't been there in a long
time so we're gonna go see a fresh food
cafe still there I think Benny will like
it sounds exciting food cafe they have
the best salads fresh light fresh food
yes
yes it's here fresh food cafe burgers
burgers why do I always want to have the
burger because they're fresh
I can't be allowed inside a place that
has burgers or the superfood salad
quinoa makes this yes anything yours a
lot of good things but Yanni kept
editing and for once I was too hungry
once again the UN can we go it has never
happened in the past no never
the cajun chicken burger bar that's good
ok
oh yes first always remember there was
someone that hated danger he hated yeah
who's Marcus he almost threw up no way
yeah I had it but it was so amazingly
now I know Marcus when we were here cuz
I was showing my favorite spots in
Marbella like places every day that you
can have a ginger shot you should have a
judicial yeah yeah Richard went to
cold-pressed juicer e and got like a big
shot last three days
oh yeah ginger shot yeah how about a
kiss today and a burger oh yes yeah a
burger with a custody on the side Cheers
ginger good not too strong no it's to
bless them it needs to be more like
oh yes my girl is it luck one salad one
salad quesadilla first you're gonna hate
me with the by one imagine that you've
gotten this burger it looks on quietly
you have some gizzard e up yes and then
you're just up to sit there be like
how's the photo looking oh you can eat
no I I don't want to mess up your work
and we're doing this thing with this one
it needs to be balanced Oh again by the
time the Sun that's why you are Rococo
nice I really hope it's fantastic did I
say bon appetit benefit you buy a kiss
cedilla gonna make you like that that's
incredible
thank you thank you so much see you soon
I hope
yeah big looking in this city again and
the danger it's gonna be weird not
coming home to this house like with the
girl got to go to car yeah do you keep
the Gulf card or no apparently the new
owner thought it looked really fun to
ride a golf cart so he said I'll take it
if I get the golf cart we're gonna get a
new one yeah we do need to get a new one
but current status is that we have the
down payment is paid us so the 27th of
October is like the final date for
completion of payments so that's why
we're packing up what is what is today
even 11 yeah so 17 more days well bye
bye Nixon or what do you say honey no
I'm sure of course you're gonna miss the
house but it's gonna be fun to do
something together instead oh yeah
because it was yours before everyone
mine and now it's mine
no no I'm the new buyer of the house yes
no now we're gonna evolve a relationship
and find something together yeah cuz
that's an important part in our
relationship to have things together yes
right honey
and more fun for me to organize what
it's already like it's already her so
she might as well pay for it okay moving
boxes time for us yes
that's like oh I got so excited I was
gonna say that's the kind of creative
like things that we really like yes like
me many bouncing back and forth stupid
idea what about this transition to this
and this that's what we like so we're
gonna try to do more of that in less
than me talking but I was gonna say
we're packing boxes in the house but we
also get 1 bucks the thing but this I
see a 9 on our six hero black six I was
also gonna say that now with the new six
being a better picture it gives us more
creative freedom with like weird and
like crazy stuff but so good quality yes
not bad not bad at all
so the question has to be is this no
it's the big books oh car my grip
nothing no thanks GoPro snacks
yes um things in there see the thing the
thing is Benny knows what's in here but
I still haven't open this I have no idea
super charger a shorty mini extension
tripod pro 3.5 mic adapter Oh Mike it up
tonight
that's a sign what's under mini mic for
the the GoPro
well the mini setup but it's still one
thing I know it's just miss it's this
the key to the whole thing
mm-hmm the link in between each element
GoPro cage I saw these floating around
at the GoPro event in San Francisco
community so you want to be a part of
the Kinder Surprise maybe this is
something for you and by the way if
you've been looking at me and seeing my
stain here it's guacamole and not like
anything else stabilizer on stabilizer
on this is the vlogging kit I am now a
vlogger in 2017 with a tiny light camera
so if you're weak your arms can hold for
a really long log for in linear mode yes
it means that the horizont is not now
it's flat do you like that yeah
now do you compare to this yeah like if
I hold these two
pretty close and this is now on 1414
yeah well we're gonna test this out and
have fun with it and like see how this
works are you vlogging on that one or
that one into this one in this guy but
step one is to get out of this sweaty
shirt cuz we're gonna go to Ricardo for
dinner which one to finish with see you
guys soon I think that that things
happen too fast today we're gonna go up
here film have dinner and all this stuff
and then we realized that Benny had to
go to the airport and he was late and
taxis and you know craziness and then
all of a sudden its pitch black out and
Bonjour Ricardo ones are yeah you know
what I mean actually not sure actually
Boyan knows not just what we actually
tried to do was just erase all the
footage so we can make a shorter vlog
but in order to make a shorter vlog I
need to keep a short ending so we'll see
you guys tomorrow we'll be right back
hope you guys enjoyed all of this this
is fantastic I'll see you tomorrow ciao
ciao ciao
donut reduced away from Mother Gothel
yes like winning
you
