and it is good morning again it is time
for a regular vlog like one of those
good ones where I actually do something
except just talk so we are not quite
here yet where we are in well yes you
see we're in Marbella we're gonna have
lots of our blogs but first I was
filming like a whole day in Stockholm so
today we're gonna check back in
Stockholm then we'll be right back here
on Thursday with a full glorious
Marbella vlog so enjoy my little stock
on visit and then I'm just gonna you
know continue breathing feeling good
then just enjoy life oh yeah you missed
the vault didn't you yeah check out
Yanni's channel link in the description
in case like you know in case I'm not
like uploading every single day so that
you can check that out but now check out
stock on will see real soon
or in focus and it is time to say good
morning again it's another morning and
this time we are saying good morning
from Stockholm from Miss Clara hotel
we have Yanni there in the back and we
have Alexandra there in the back so we
are having like a hardcore work session
here in the morning it's 9 a.m.
Yanni asked me at 5:00 why do you want
to get up at 5:00 and I was like no it
doesn't suck like I just like it better
because then when everybody else wakes
up you're ahead of the game and then of
course you're tired at night but that's
the later problem yeah yeah yeah oh yeah
I got sick of filming myself Yanni huh
what's up you want to go to your sister
probably we need to set game plan for
the day what do you want to do agree
100% I think making a schedule making a
plan and then executing the plan and the
schedule sounds like a perfect plan life
is not about having fun tough girl I
need classes today because I'm destroyed
yes yummy you can never be destroyed I
am you're always always pretty looking
sorry gonna leave us now go be a nanny
say hi to your sister well and me and
Alexandra we are gonna get organized
yeah please play bling we're gonna do a
lot of playing feeling playing okay so
enjoy your sisters hey you can't say
ciao this early honey okay we'll see you
in a bit backwards me shall we go Oh
finally
so I wasn't fit afraid that today would
be one of those days where you sit alone
work all day and you have a really
boring blog but then Oscar Baca called
me and I think that's about to change
because we are gonna go and have some
fun
looks good huh looks like that couldn't
be Oscar is that him the owner I thought
that was you I saw I saw a cool car and
I figure that was probably you I love it
I love this thing
oh sure it's all his life in the world
you don't get excited to see you again
a long time me too I'm gonna put this
camera down so we can talk and then we
can get back to film
I get a heart rate just looking at this
thing you know how to be a mechanic okay
today's mission try not to die not
entirely sure I like this thing this
thing is supposed to protect your rib so
you don't break your ribs when you're
turning the go-kart that's how much
g-force these crazy little angry beasts
great okay I think I'm ready this is
tight am I ready why do I have a feeling
I know what this is isn't this bad for
time hold on I need this thing like race
course you're in a race car they're kind
of slow on there yeah this thing they're
like really fast
I'm impressed to see you handling the
mechanics here Oh Scott
I'll be you like these we're totally
fooled me for being a gun mechanic
that's a good start Thanks but I am
wearing a super Mario suit
they were about to send me out first to
like make sure everything was okay
SuperMario waits for the other guys to
go first and then he takes the magic
mushrooms and blows them up
whatever the thing was in the air that
was hanging in
this one geared kart the series called
wrote xmax senior and just we're break
single speed but it's it's faster than
you may think it i think it's a good
start it's my first you're doing this
but i love it it's so much fun how much
faster is it than a good rental cart I
remember I've been on this track once
and I was scared than the rental in that
corner
yeah how do you feel I'm nervous a
little nervous
it's a long time I saw this back in the
end of your freestyle career Gary stop
okay what'd you do just enjoy have a
good time
thought I was gonna crash into me here
gums
good job how was it like - laughs and
they get too tired to turn come on
everything that's the first level even
talk beer good seems good for a first
time
nobody you gotta like fight it's so
different from racing a car but it is
scary oh oh my god my hands but you guys
you should have sawdust they're fun to
explain well what is this top speed on
this track and it's a great beginner
card perfect perfect for beginners okay
you're nervous
Oh oh that was really good and how many
laps was it way too many but it's like
the more you drive the more fun it gets
because in the beginning business by far
the hardest thing I've ever driven like
you're shifting you're feeling like the
dumbest person on the earth sucking like
it feels like you could take it like one
of those little tricycle some be faster
and then you start like feeling it gets
better and better but then your arms are
numb
so like hitting the shifters I'm glad
you you give me the signal otherwise I
would have ended up somewhere in the
woods Oh
but like driven that LMP I drove half a
year ago that was like driving a Prius
compared to this that's that's a good
review I'm supposed to edit this vlog
like in my nose if you ever have the
chance try a six-speed go-cart it's the
most violent like the few parts you like
get okay I am trying to figure out
that's why I wanted all scared to drive
because I'm trying to figure out a way
how to describe that thing can't think
of anything good like okay whatever
you've seen me doing the last like 500
vlogs have not nearly been in s intense
as this maybe that can give some sort of
a reference but I get scared of myself
cuz it's like you just want to go faster
and faster but then it gets scarier but
from now on it's gonna be a two-hand
gorillapod hand thing hold on where's it
did Oscar Oh Super Mario is that why do
I keep trying so many fun things that
makes me wanna get a drift car get a
go-kart get a snowmobile well cheers to
go-karting I love go-karting but holy
crap that was tough
Benny goes here there would have been
like 9000 Wow Wow next time Benny I have
an idea let's let's do one of the
actually you can do it if you want like
let's just spend two like while from now
oh nothing left
Haryana thank you good luck
tchau tchau tchau love the defender big
slow and comfortable brain capacity is
not at its finest at the moment I gotta
say that driving that go-cart was one it
was exhausting beyond anything I could
have been imagined but now we have like
400 meters of walking before I get to
the bathtub where I'm gonna spend the
rest of my night possibly crawling over
to the phone to order up some room
service
hold on Oscar I want to say thank you
before we before this drops boom yeah
yeah you too
and I look forward to more fun
adventures yeah but now it's time to
drop it we'll see everybody soon three
two one I know you naked there your
please tell me that you are still up for
room service and TV night movie night
there
I wouldn't go karting with Oscar and I
drove like a million laps I'm so tired
then I walked like quite a bit by a walk
what about the phone right there baby do
you thing we're gonna have to walk like
okay let me have a shower and then we'll
do that all right we're gonna do one
last push get some food and we'll be
right back
higher and life there's hope and life
again we went across the street to the
what are you calling like like the
little places to hold up place them
because the best thing in the world is
the hamburgers and hot dogs from the
little places nothing can beat that yeah
we got a couple snacks and now chocolate
Swedish chocolate yeah
we call it the nature candy Jonnie loves
nature candy I can't get it anywhere
else no Sweden no but now we're just
gonna end everything and jump straight
into that bed watch a movie and eat all
this deliciousness did you see my new a
Chanel bags by the way I have to really
here so that's it short little visit
here to Stockholm but at least we got
the gold card with Oscar nice Oscar beat
me it was faster I gotta do some
training yeah but that will be for the
future right now coach one two whoa a
job for first job
you
