and it is time to say good morning again
I know the ones of you that watch the
vlog all the time probably wondered
where is the good morning and the good
morning did not have enough energy to
actually say good morning so I I made
the call that I need a little break
because if you're full of my Instagram
you probably read that I was trying to
figure out what I had been doing for the
last few weeks and I could barely
remember any of it so then I realized
that okay mr. Olsen if you try to travel
the world and you try to do all these
things and you can't remember any of it
then what's the point so I like you know
I hate taking a break I'm like if I say
that I'm gonna do a vlog every other day
there's gonna be a vlog every other day
unless I'm in the hospital like almost
dying but I'm trying to get older I'm
trying to get wiser and I'm trying to
learn about life and the one thing that
I've learned is that if you work so hard
and you're so focused on your goals that
you travel the world you go to
Indonesian you surf you fly a helicopter
in San Francisco and you drive a Porsche
918 and it all feels like it
a foggy dream then what's the point of
it all so that's kind of like why we're
here I'm here because I feel like I
wanted to do a video before we continue
with the regular my baby looks and just
sort of talk to you guys you know I like
these videos where I get to just open up
and talk about because you know there's
a lot of stuff going on up here and I
think so much that I think sometimes did
I forget to like think about the right
things like there's like 50 different
things I want to say in this video but
I'm gonna try to keep it kind of short
if you're hoping for an action film vlog
you should probably just watch
tomorrow's vlog or something like that
because today we are talking we are
trying to learn we're trying to learn
about life and that's one of the things
with this vlog that we could probably do
things clickbait and and find ways to
get more views more subscribers and all
this but I wouldn't have the opportunity
to hopefully help learn and inspire
people and I think that's one of the
things that I like about this vlog or
that I love about it that when I have
people telling me like because of you
guys in the vlog like I get energy
get motivated and I love the positivity
I think that is so much more important
than the view count and that is my
honest truth like I know a lot of people
like including myself like you said
goals you're like I'm gonna get there
I'm gonna do this but you spend 99.9
percent of your life working to achieve
something but you spend 0.1% thinking
about what is it that I'm really trying
to achieve what is the goal with all of
it and that's what I realized when when
I could barely remember any of anything
okay this this is how bad my brain was
malfunctioning I was watching the movie
called the rock it's filmed in Alcatraz
and I was watching it they had a
helicopter angle I'm like that looks
really familiar and I'm Mike I was in a
helicopter flying above Alcatraz less
than a week ago and it all was just
foggy and like I could barely remember
and then I'm like okay that is not good
that is like really bad if you can bear
it or barely remember something like
that
so then I'm like okay I need a break
like I need a few days to just not work
not film not do anything to try to just
regain energy in my brain and to just
stop and think like what is it that I'm
doing what's the goal what can I change
in order to like figure stuff out and
that's what I've been doing and I have
no major super master game plan but I
have realized that I need to do a couple
changes I need to find a balance in life
where I'm like okay I want to achieve
this but I also need to have enough
energy to enjoy it and I need to have I
need to prioritize I can't do it all
like that's one thing I've realized that
I have just like to-do list that's like
a hundred points long and there I mean
there's only 24 hours in a day and
there's no chance for me to actually do
all those things a hundred and ten
percent which I want to do thinks 110
percent like with this vlog I want to
film the whole day and I want to do 20
different business ideas and it's just
it's just not physically possible and
that's what I'm kind of it was good to
like
have have that memory of Alcatraz to
like slap me in the face and tell me
okay there needs to be a change so like
I thought of a lot of plans I have a lot
of ideas on how to change things I think
the most important thing is to look at
the things I'm doing and prioritize and
like okay here is what like you should
focus on and how much you time you
should spend on this and then figure out
how many hours a day you have and then
you have to let go of the rest and with
the vlog like I was talking to Benny I'm
like you know why do we do the vlog what
do we love about it what are the aspects
that really drives us and I know one
aspect that that like doesn't drive us
and that's to do a lot of things bad to
edit the long video okay so one thing I
want to do is I want to make the vlog
shorter you know 10 to 12 minutes and
make sure that they're done with passion
that they're done better and better yeah
like if we film thinks we love like
figuring out a a wire cam through the
house that's a time-lapse of stuff like
those are the kind of things that we get
fired up on so if we're trying to film
the whole day we don't have the energy
to do that but if we are trying to pick
a couple things less than a day and do
them better I think that we have time to
like do these things and if you enjoy
what you do you do it better so that's
like one thing with the vlog that I want
to fix and like improve and then there
are so many other things but I just
wanted to stop in say hello say that we
are not done vlogging we are not done
with anything and I'm still alive
but I needed a couple times there are a
couple days to reflect over life and to
to figure out how to become a smarter
you know so because I was trying to
describe my my life to myself and I
realized if I was sitting next to this
you know some guy I would tell them like
you're an idiot like why do you spend 10
hours in a day doing that stuff that's
not really that important and then you
spend 10 minutes doing this then if you
sit next to someone like it's easy for
me to tell Yanni like you should maybe
try to focus less on this and more on
this but when it comes to yourself you
think that you can do everything so
that's why I like these videos too
because if you are speaking out loud
saying what you do it helps you reflect
and improve so that's I I hope that this
video can maybe help someone the way I
think that the last few days have helped
me because you spent all this time
trying to figure out how to become the
best unison you can be how to do
everything you want to do and like all
this stuff but I don't spend nearly
enough time trying to figure out what
really truly makes me happy and what do
I truly enjoy the most is it doing
emails or is it designing bags trying to
figure out how to travel smarter and
that's what I want to spend more time on
trying to figure out what do I really
love and as I said making long bad vlogs
not one of them so we're gonna make him
better we're gonna make him tighter and
we're gonna have the energy to progress
and be more creative but I hopefully
I'll talk more about this in the next
coming vlogs wanted to do this vlog
before we jumped into regular vlogs
again to just kind of explain why we
took 6 days away from publishing it was
it was really difficult inside to
everyday like see that but there's no
new video and I was like I'm like I
could do a live session I'm like nope
you know three days nothing and that was
good I realized that that makes your
brain doesn't get enough energy to think
properly and sometimes you really need
energy to be a smarter person so the
main message with this vlog is that I
want to tell everyone that spend a
little more time thinking about will you
enjoy what makes you happy and what is
sustainable and long run and a little
less time trying to live the Instagram
life where you're looking at the
motivational quotes like grind when
others don't and like work when other
sleeps same thing stupid thing that I
say it's like it's good to work hard and
like achieve dreams but no one ever
tells you to like figure out what you
really enjoy and what truly makes you
happy so that's what I'm gonna try to be
better at I'm gonna try to be smarter
and think about the right things in the
right order with the right
instead of just like maximum all the way
I need a Porsche 918 a private jet house
here and there and like do all the
things that looks amazing on a vlog and
Instagram and you know go camping with
my family like set up a tent pick some
blueberries make a fire because I think
that makes me a lot more happier than a
lot of the things I'm doing but you kind
of like get lost in this weird world of
ours and forget about you know the real
things so that is what I'm gonna work on
and hopefully we can all do it together
so let's just start with 15 minutes a
day trying to breathe and think about
what makes us happy and I know that I
have a lot of things that makes me happy
but I don't have nearly enough time to
do them and to enjoy them but now I'm
gonna stop rambling because you know I'm
bad at short ending some and the whole
vlog it's like just talking and like all
this stuff then it's hard to end things
but I hope you enjoy this I like talking
to you guys like but hopefully I can
offer a little bit of insight on what
goes on in my head what I try to learn
what I experience and share it with you
guys because as I said it's one of the
important things with this vlog that I
want to inspire people and I want to I
don't want to offer something more than
just like dead air when someone watches
the vlogs who do I want to portray a
message then yeah hard to put words on
it but I hope you understand kind of
what I'm trying to say toward ending
right like really good at that short end
big stuff but now I'm gonna just say
ciao we'll see you tomorrow at 4 p.m.
with a short little vlog from Stockholm
I mean I I filmed the whole thing and
then I realized my brain couldn't edit
it so 4 p.m. tomorrow we'll see you with
a real vlog Thursday we're gonna be back
with full glorious Marbella vlogs so
that's it from this like garden in
Marbella and I have a smile on my face
again I have energy my brains working
and I look forward to continue life so
over now shout from Marbella high five
to the camera
