and good morning can you think of a
better way to say good morning than to
stand up here look at the Golden Gate
Bridge in the morning light see a
helicopter fly by and then we have a bit
of this the Porsche 911 our the Porsche
gt3 RS of course and then look at this
the Porsche 918 this is a car that I
have always wanted to be able to ride
along in but I had never had the
opportunity thankfully to this wonderful
gentleman I am able to do that and that
is it's not very many course that I
haven't been in but that is one of them
I'm gonna have to drive really okay okay
today just got even better we have
Golden Gate Bridge we have a son of a
sunny morning the 918 and I'm forced to
drive it through Wonderware Benyus I
think he's sleeping I think he overslept
I think it was a bad morning to
oversleep Benny
I think Benny's gonna like try to jump
out of the plane window when he looks
through this footage but yeah I say we
jump in there and like drive really
carefully push it a little bit the keys
are in the car so go ahead I'm gonna be
scared driving this thing all right
let's throw the bags in there and and do
a one of those cheque books I know this
is a Porsche but it feels different than
a Porsche it feels like more expensive
if you mess up and more fun as a race
car driver
it's just carpet everywhere when you get
in okay you see in a bit so no no weird
things just regular so long you are you
good
seated yes is it's only manual there's
no rake yeah turn the key electric mode
hybrid
shifters they the PDK is just brilliant
you know I've seen on the other portions
so to activate them you you you were hey
that morning you have to switch bones
I love
like now I understand why you'd go out
and try and just drive and how many of
these were produced
yes
we hunter 918 oh yeah
well there are many ways to start a
warning
should we go up and have a look at the
video
well now I know that when people ask me
what's the best car you've ever driven
the answer will be so simple it'll be
the Porsche 918 thank you so do you want
to get it to next
I Drive this back
I love this car now it's like now I can
just buy a moped because if it's not
this then I mean just like have a look
at it like I kind of expect that it to
be incredible but not that good and
being able to push it off those small
roads if I feel like this trip to San
Francisco was a really really really
good one I mean do you want to see what
I'm seeing right now and I got to drive
that beauty all the way up here okay
we've seen this place we're alive and we
will check back in in a second we're
gonna try to figure out what to do next
here but it's now 9:00 a.m. and so far I
think good good very good day high five
I think you come to San Francisco more
often I can drive right see this guy he
knows how to drive like just like I am
NOT a driver that was cool like well
thank you for showing me what this car
can do I loved it before I got to sit in
and now am I like that right I
had in the Sheeran and Monaco to me that
it Sun comparable like the bun so if you
want to go on the highway or if you want
to drive
oh look at this carbon fiber we come in
here then you have the little button
here for all the modes and more carbon
carbon carbon you have this really
modern looking thing in the middle and
then you have a giant engine in the back
and now I'm gonna stop talking and I'm
not gonna film until we're back home at
the hotel because I want to just enjoy
this ride because that's a vlogger you
keep filming everything and you forget
to enjoy it so time to enjoy and we'll
see you soon hello mister off time to
travel again
yes this time I have a white shirt
because apparently all black black it's
not cool that's way better do I look
more casual you loo and apparently my
shoes were like bad so I can't have all
you guys like hate on my outfit those
shoes are oh yeah I'm trying to learn
okay stay easy on me yeah I like it
though I like this look I think I like
this better
we should really really do it more of
them and I should have worn this this
morning in the car that would have been
like well matching yes but now thank you
car again to the airport yeah what a
unique activities
oh I feel like we have Sun Sun Sun and
Sun every day here yeah we should move
you it's such a nice place
it makes for long days and nights
because our cameras are rolling a lot
more than they should because we see
nice things and we feel more and more
god I can't even put on a suit jacket
that was the other way around
are you ready to play British first
again I am yes I'm really ready I got up
at 3:45 this morning to be tired to be
on euro schedule and I'm dying right now
I like I cannot wait to get on that
flight that's a smart idea
expedition chicken
is the senator also already for the
lounge could i Pacific
what
that's a futuristic seat yeah burger
esta sandwiches and banana bread Red
Bulls big - nice music and nice videos
we should go call Jessica Jessica we
need some aviator carry-on it's like
yeah it doesn't feel it's good looking
but this it's not proper ready always
ready for first class no you know what
I'm always ready for no okay when our
cake lover thank you so much bye hey
again which city are you having mr. 3d
African number
mr. OHS I'm learning yeah coat hanger I
love how it's already dark in here
mm-hmm a nice music by the way it says
the ambience already set to sleep for a
really long time I think it's like a 10
11 12 hour flight I don't really know it
could be 30 could be 30 just keep on
going yes but since it is dark and you
guys have seen this before we don't need
to do it again
you can watch the last vlog from like
this whole experience up here and with
that said I think we deserve an ending
right now because we have made a lot of
edits in the last couple days and slept
very little did you say that me and it
it's film from yeah the last vlog I went
home and started editing at 3 p.m. and
then vanish had a bit more b-roll and
then like it 7 or 8 Benny took over
until like 7:00 in the morning and then
I continued until like 3:00 4:00 in the
afternoon
yes so it was a good like 26 hour edit
to get that thing together yes so but
that said we're just gonna say good
night from San Francisco it was an
awesome trip cool to see all the new
GoPro stuff and good to get some new
inspiration from all the GoPro guys on
how to use different kind of cameras for
capturing what we do and with that said
we're gonna say goodnight again
see you in Munich yep we'll see you more
Nicole next time bye bye
wait I just want to say driving that 918
yes
now we can
