and good morning good morn
from the beautiful streets of San
Francisco yes I love those streets I
mean that's your European you come and
you see the streets you're like wow that
looks like movies so first impression of
San Francisco's that we love this place
but we are not here to talk about
streets in San Francisco we are here to
talk about the fact that we're going to
jump on a shuttle and go to the launch
for the new GoPro you know six and we
are invited to a launch like every time
you get invited you feel special but
we're late
so I say we just jump in the car and go
and see what this is all about
good good we good we good we good we are
here there's a lot of people yes
everything from influencers to athletes
- to us and there's a lot of buses and
then the fog roll then making it like a
mystic morning yeah so this looks like a
check-in so we're gonna just see you
guys inside get the car
oh hello car we need speakers on the
roof no doubt discreet yeah
well that way we can promote our blog
Channel yeah we gotta go look at this
okay we're gonna get in this line here
we're gonna register and then we're
gonna see how dark it is in there we'll
try to capture a bit of it and then
we'll be right back once it's done
or is it the stage yes no way that's the
stage and thus it is just yeah
Wow 360 degrees surround captured the
moment so you can relive it share it and
maybe even see something you missed we
want to add 4k 60 2.7 K 124 what we did
there is gonna be a heavier suitcase
real soon that was set serious serious
epic with this this contains whatever
our activity is next oh I have no idea
open it open it I wanna see I heard some
great stuff from creasing
yeah can we open open open pop in to the
BMW convertible and head to that SFO
where an incredible helicopter adventure
awaits oh no wait that's not a
helicopter
no nice what's this oh this means that
we are gonna go do a Hero 5 giveaway
because now we have too many GoPros yeah
so hit us up in the comments let us know
why you should get it and we're gonna
pick one they get some hero 5 and that
will be sent out without a week that we
come home so we can show that it's being
sent out sometimes we give away stuff
without everyone actually seeing that
they come out but in a week we'll show
that it goes out let us know why so
before we get into all the activities I
think it's important on an event like
this that we compare the old hero 5 to
the new hero 6 so first thing the one
thing that we've realized that we love
the most is the stabilization so Benny
here is now going to be the guinea pig
and run around so we can show you the
difference of stabilization in the hero
5 and hero 6 okay hit it Benny
so what you're seeing now is the hero 5
and then you see the hero 6 coming in
half
way and you can see the difference and
now only hero 6
like how stable is that that's like
having a gimbal in your hand and that is
the one feature that we liked the most
about the new hero 6 I'm gonna keep
talking here so many things he has to
keep running round any rod no but how
sick is that stabilization that's that
is the one reason to get it we're gonna
come back with more our favorite
features on this thing in a little but
first I think we should let Benny rest
always a good day exactly that's nice
now we get to see San Fran from the air
how has about you say so that's the only
thing that we misuse that we didn't get
to do it in New York yeah then we stood
on a building here we'll be going
it's nice when you're at an event and
you don't have to do anything you're
like please get in the car please give
the house you don't have to think just
fun things happen but with chicano got
into the whole GoPro thing earlier yeah
I've seen them do fun things but I've
had to watch them Instagram
we have the sound we have everything and
we are having a great day but now it's
time to get some food in our bellies and
since we're gonna get in a car it's a
perfect opportunity to show you another
huge improvement on the six versus the
five and that is the dynamic range and
dynamic range is basically like you look
out here
it's like blown out and the better our
camera is the more you can control dark
stuff and bright stuff so we are gonna
show you that in the car and then we'll
see at lunch I love good dynamic range
like this is kinda bad this is gonna be
so annoying to grade like sucking and
then we go here then it's easier so well
let's show you the improvement of
dynamic range which is a huge huge part
of cameras okay so today I'm being the
test dummy and I'm now holding two
GoPros six right here and five right
here and the difference that I can see
here is insane so first we're going to
show you the five and now we're gonna
slide in the six and now you're gonna
see the entire six and then we'll bring
back the five real quick and back to six
so huge huge improvement then for us
that is one of the most important things
that's number two on our list and now
we're gonna go eat
get our bellies full get smart and we'll
come back with a couple more things that
we think is the most important parts of
the update
so before we are gonna grab some lunch
over there here in the park we figured
that we wanted to show another cool
thing the hero 5 has 120 frames per
second slo-mo the hero 6 is 240 mega
slow-mo yeah and it's been doubled it
has been doubled so we wanted to show
you and what is better than a bird than
to shoot slo-mo you know I love my birds
I guess you birds all day perfect place
I'm gonna go shoot some birds and show
you the difference between 120 and 240
come on fly Birds play
where's that on okay comparison a bit
more a bit more I was just about to say
that we are about to enter the ice cream
museum but before we do so we figured we
haven't talked about the fuchsia this is
the new three 360 camera from GoPro in
the past you know I've not been a fan of
360 I just think it's complicated and
annoying after having seen what the go
clerk employees do with this I want one
I want one now yes but it's no it
doesn't make any sense for us to do a
review of it because it takes a little
while to learn how to use it so we're
gonna get back to you once we have
learned how to use it I know Benny's
been practicing for like an hour already
yeah look at this
that's or should that be good like in
less than five seconds burst mode and
then straight to your phone box so super
cool but we're not gonna review this and
like put it on the thumbnail and like
fake it so we get views yeah
we'll leave that for someone else what
we are doing we're talking about the
GoPro Hero 6 because that's what we use
a lot of the time and I figured what
would a review be without kind of a you
know let's see what we can do with the
camera so here goes you know say about a
minute
that's made on entirely on the hero 6
with the car McGrath
what for I like this thing
different kind of b-roll I can say the
least they started playing a bit with it
and I ran out of the room and started
working on the edit and then mr.
Benjamin has been playing with this yes
so I'm curious to see what you got out
of it I think it's such an incredible
tool to mix up a vlog and it's something
we should be better at using more in the
past they didn't think it have the
quality to do so but with this guy I
think it does yes or what do you but
Benny's actually more of a GoPro guy
than I am because I am never really
liked it the stabilization is just
unreal and that's the game-changing
thing for the the Holy story of the
camera gear
I mean it's so easy I like this thing
too yeah oh yeah it was fun yeah but
yeah overall it was really cool to see
the event it was cool to see the fusion
and it's exciting to see where
technology takes us and we now know that
we can play more with this which gives
variety to the vlog and hopefully you
guys like it I think we're both really
tired we got up at 4:45 we're like
alright how do we do this day and then
Benny was filming I was editing and now
the Sun setting and it's life as usual
yeah such as life tomorrow would be
better yeah I see that we just say good
night from San Francisco hope you guys
like this kind of different vlog you
know if you like b-roll you're gonna
like this one yeah so goodbye from San
Francisco and Thank You GoPro for
inviting us yes you see this lovely city
and that's it we're gonna say goodnight
and we'll check back with more power and
more energy the end laughter chorus in
two days yeah
friend skateboarder
yeah I can do it
Carrick's oh yeah sorry car
he said he goes
