by her buddies
and it is that time to say good morning
yes but on but it's not any morning you
can see it's not every morning that mr.
Ortega or mr. Olsen is wearing a suit
because today is the very first time
that team Olsen Ortega is actually
flying first class with loan business
but now we figured we should try first
and when flying first you know make sure
to dress accordingly oops
and it's kind of uncomfortable running
around in a suit but I think it's a
matter of getting used to like you can
see people watching they're like who are
those two successful guys yeah maybe we
should have recap we are jumping on a
flight from nice to London from London
to San Francisco yeah on British Airways
a380 so they have a bar I don't think
they have a bar and a shower I don't I
don't know that's worry enough you find
out if British Airways have anything
against the Emirates yes only one way to
find out and travelling in a suit
there's a lot to be learned so we need
to do is observe all the business funds
see what they do
you know when they on button when they
take things off and like because I want
to be a soup guy this morning Yanni was
like why can't you look like that at all
times on you you should then I replied
waking white wear high heels every day
she's like it hurts I'm like yes what
pets are more comfortable to suit
but this one I have this custom fitted
in Norway by Julius Caesar is it like to
be a suit it is as comfortable as they
get you know we're still still Rochus
there's still time we're young
life is good
thank you so much I wish I had a beard
and long hair too why for kissing the
look in a suit with like that kind of
life you know like I'm a surfer guy but
I'm working I love that
hmm hi when we get into something we get
really into it now all of a sudden we're
in the soup Department our money bunks
Florin watch one it's funny like I look
over seeing this guy in a suit pick up
well why is he taking our camera yet
come on come on no I think I think we
should wait until this vlog comes out to
see if everybody thinks we look like
total douche bags and we shouldn't do
this
we keep on working but if you like it
then we can start looking at this yes
tennis tennis tennis I hope they like it
yeah me too y'all good oh good good good
very well very well to Eve straight
round the corner nice to see you hi
there how are you hi - you're straight
across down to the right four
mr. Olsen
I've just looked at doing
I think we're gonna like it here I think
the main question is can this be better
than the Emirates business a380 mean
that is what we're gonna find out so big
question first I'm gonna just
we are officially getting mega spoil
again this is not a profit a paper ocean
yeah we can say that this thing sucks as
it sucks although I highly doubt that's
gonna be the case yeah introduce the
room oh yes thank you
twice the size but a normal one No thank
you so much wonderful perfect always
wanted one of these we're gonna get a
full on pajama yes what is this here
well made something like what I'm not
sure it's kind of like did we look
through everything I think we should
enjoy this and then we can come back to
like the seats and like that whole theme
to life but the main question is can it
be better than the Emirates business cuz
that to me was like yes it's like
Richard always said sometimes you just
got to buy a few things so you feel you
feel that you got to work hard again
like if you feel like you're saving
money you're like yeah I feel good your
motivation goes down mm-hmm now we're
better with this that is why I'm so
productive because I keep overspending
cheers to all of you watching if it
wasn't for you guys we would be in
Ryanair in the back so we put in a lot
of hard work but without you we would
not be here
what are you doing money coming into
your room I think there's no I'm not I
think there is a spare seat conversation
what what did your friend over there say
that these tickets are going for if
you're booking last-minute twenty
thousand pounds
well you booked it in advance we had a
good thing we booked it like a week ago
get out dinner like this look it's big
enough so we can have like do you think
that's what it's for
yeah romantic dinner damn it where's
Yanni where are you I got a like the
French maggots that we just needed to
hear actually I was about to try
reclining the seat but that would break
me or I interior pouch heavy good way
well it was nice having you over for a
cup of tea see you later let me bring
this guy down so we can talk
and he's back yes
I'm going to blame publicity I wonder
how many passengers are as childish as
we
do you think it's about time to use this
I think so can you see this awesome
pajamas who's ever gotten the pajamas
when they fly and with this first please
should we go put it on yes
it's you know there's only one more
thing to check which one wrong way
Royals
like flat and then there's like there's
like this this is better than those beds
I sleep
who are those two dummies in like two
ENF over here why set where you can lay
down so first part of the review seats
obviously this is first but Emirates was
so good that I figured we had to compare
but this is crushes the assets
entertainment
it looks like Emirates is winning
because they have that like fancy pop-up
tablets I'm comparing all to anything
and then on the fly yeah maybe want to
know I mean you have a big TV probably
lots of movies and everything see here
we have a storage for your suit
and everything and here look at the this
button can you see this like instead of
buttons you just have a turning wheel I
like that's a nice detail and then look
at this nightlight and then you can dim
it or dim it down so if you just want a
little bit of light at night it's kind
of old-school
yeah to me it's like give me an old TV
or whatever as long as the seat is good
I can eat McDonald's seat priority 1 1 1
yeah
and this
looks like something we can start the
dinner with
thank you okay
no they're telling us that we have to
put our seat belts on and we're gonna
land
what kind of flight is this I could have
literally electors come out here this is
more comfortable than my couch at home
yeah I had a good sleep I've been
editing a million photos I've been
productive chugged coffee and it's a new
day here in America and it's the time to
get more stuff done
it tastes a great day it's like a double
date I always said wait 48 hours of the
day now I get like at least what does
that for people that's good in math like
plus 9 so that will be 33 33 hours 33
hour day I'm loving who should be this
way more fly back and forth back and
forth I'll be bankrupt real soon though
call Hollister I was your night your day
you sleep everything was so good the
food is incredible that's the main thing
that I noticed today I barely ate
anything I added a snack bar back there
I'm gonna go and make myself I'm gonna
go make myself presentable yeah
hi shanz bone he's here you know the
best part about the fact that we like
less rock suits now we totally look like
we belong here yeah you know I mean like
oh that's landing I'm going to go like
you know get my suit get out of the
pyjama I'm probably not supposed to sit
with a jacket but it's cold - it's okay
to stay fit like that - like when you're
changing you're like yeah
thank you so much for the first time
walking out of a flight we don't have to
walk past this wishing we sat done that
a lot of not take care pleasures with
you
thank you so much thank you so while we
wait for the uber at maker we can kind
of conclude our experience today
needless to say that plane was
incredible like by far the best seat
I've ever had
but it's interesting if you compare
Emirates business in a380 and British
Airways first a380 I would say seats
better in British Airways yeah but
service is still much better in business
at Emirates yes like I mean they're all
very nice but they just have that extra
touch at Emirates so I would say value
for the money
Emirates business or British Airways
first same same I mean both fantastic
but it's not like first it's like it's
in the seats impressive I'll give them
that I guess the next step should be
first emirate and then we will see and
then we will never come back then we can
just start flying red coming we're
talking like 30 minutes trying to find
an uber now let's stay in the middle of
the road so they see yes yeah yes so she
looks so friendly I love it perfect oh
nice to meet you sir
are you already here well gorillapod
whoa whoa well I'm gonna grab that last
boy with there the green lipid with
rinse I'm like yeah there's is it
flipping or is it just me be jet-lagged
but before we end today's vlog we're
gonna make it real quick here we have a
little announcement we have a new
partner to team overkill do you remember
these guys do you remember the bars that
I got like six months ago in Knicks game
fairbell thank you whoever sent these
yeah I never okay try one and say I may
think this is not a paid promotion but
this is incredible
feel free to sin anymore yeah Marcus we
have now replaced the sneakers ice cream
with them yeah start of the new year
yeah
so as you saw then I was like these are
the best bars ever had yeah so then we
started talking an email this and this
and that and now there are an official
partner of team overkill yes and they
are hand on heart like I said when I got
their random mail the best bars I've
ever tried and you know us like eating
is such a waste of time and like we're
on planes trains and like like now for
example we just arrived
I didn't eat so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna party it up with power bar here if
I don't find the energy to go out and
eat dinner but super happy because you
know we're on the slopes we're running
around when we're doing a million
different things so perfect you know how
I hate to eat breakfast I think I've
told you guys I hate breakfast it's just
like waste the time and I hate it all
the time oh so they also have these
milkshakes with 24 grams of protein and
they have been my breakfast for like the
last month or so like edit work
like and chug like this is not sales
talk like if we would have had like a
live webcam at home you would have seen
me go to the the fridge around 11:00
when Yanni tells me you gotta eat go
grab this I'm eating anyway so they're
great they are a top of the line partner
for us because we're not good at
prioritizing eating so when we don't
have time to eat we can have a snack in
between yes so that was I think that's a
perfect way to end a day when we have
flown first class for the first time in
a suit so let us know in the comments
like oh really yeah I need to go get a
couple white shirts I do like the dark
look but I like to mix it up as well but
the question are can we like can we be
super lagers I mean every time I look at
Betty I'm like I'm like god that guy
looks like he's no it means looking at
you I'm like this is winning these guys
me it means business
yes so what'd you say good night we'll
be back shortly
new something from GoPro I feel really
excited that we're here yes and lots of
fun adventures in San Francisco so in
San Francisco we can just say good night
and we'll see you guys tomorrow and over
and out from epic day
