I'm is it you are live are you hold on
let me take this chair can you hold that
for two seconds
hello life hello there's only one guy
three guys it's coming yeah coming guys
sorry there we go yes and I'm not
covering the mic am i at the moment no
it's a perfect then we're all goodness
as you can see 30 people 400 okay oh
wait there there we go
both me and mr. Ortega are fully dressed
up in suits because we are on a very
special trip yes what that kind of trip
is you'll find out in yeah in two days
so stay tuned for that one but what you
figured hold on let me switch to the
other side we figured that it was like
time for a little life update we're
gonna get to all the questions here in a
second but I know that we have talked so
much about selling the house in Marbella
we have talked about selling Jorge
buying new cars merchandise and all this
we wanted to give you a quick update and
we thought that was perfect since we're
about to board a flight here that it's
of course boarding so we're it got to be
pretty good yes
so one Casa kamo it's old it is and they
also got the golf car and all our
furniture the golf cart yeah that was
the one thing Yanni was the most upset
about so yea cuz I camo sold it does not
mean that we're moving from our baya we
are currently about to close a deal on a
new house it's let's just say it's it
was I've read in the comments like god
you're selling George you're selling
your house like your economy must be
really going downhill great no I'm
actually on some good investments and I
worked hard for a long time so we're
doing okay and when you see the new
house you'll you'll hopefully understand
that we're okay so yeah
selling sold house and almost bought a
new one in terms of cars
George is sold he is not delivered yet
because we've been traveling a lot and
there's a lot of paperwork and
everything that you have to do in order
to get that done but that brings us to
our next question like yes we are buying
a G but we haven't we literally haven't
had the time to work on it yes so there
we go maybe that's like the you hold on
future that is the future of YouTube
live this is a much more comfortable
position but the questions are going too
fast yeah they're super fast but let me
bring up the merchandise question yes we
have been working on it I kind of hired
Oscar and Alexandra to like I'm like I
am too busy I am sucking I'm slowing
this whole thing down so I told him you
guys go and just show me the final
product and I have an email in my inbox
with the final designs websites yeah I
think like in two days the order of
everything's going out so I know I've
said merchandise is closed for a long
time many many many times but now pretty
soon we don't have to go to H&M and
Sarah and buy t-shirts and there has
been one spotting of the merchandise and
I have a screenshot of the person that
commented that I said whoever can see
the first part of a merchandise in this
vlog will get a free t-shirt
so I screenshot at that I will get back
to you the small person that saw that
but now since we hold on let me lean
forward what do you guys think like how
are we holding up the suit look by the
way yeah let us know in the comments
nice to know I'm saying I wish I had a
beard and long hair because Benny hold
on like look at this look at mr. Ortega
no no no you do the same for me and
rockin all black you have your best on
where's your best here my best over
there but it's a little warm so we like
the soup I hope you guys like it as well
I think we should be like the the soup
login team Yanni says she likes it so
it's good fully custom fitted from
Julius Caesar I'll put the link in the
description and if you guys want to see
I'm kind of like wondering we are going
over there right double double
we like the a380 but now let's focus on
the comments before we miss the flight
let's see here cannot see the coming for
me see if you find a good one why did
you suit up you know like you'll find
out in the next video I guess yes anyone
you see a big flight like this and you
can be creative be creative where we can
kind of come up with why we're suited up
wince and ice cream let's see where are
you going we are going to San Francisco
for the launch of the new GoPro are we
allowed to say that thanks so I think so
because on their website it shows that
it's tomorrow
yeah so yes I feel I feel like we made
it in life we got invited to the launch
of a new GoPro so god it's so well
written about it's so quick you can
barely read yeah the next house or
where should we go they said no no Red
Bull for a long time you are you're
absolutely right oh hold on
yeah wait one should be good let's do
mommy we're going to Marbella on like
the sixth and then the next time six ok
6th of October god it's really hard with
how fast the comments are dropping in
all Lots sold in Indonesia I don't know
like I know that there was a hundred and
fifty emails that came in after the vlog
I did so I think they have a lot of
paperwork to go through because a lot of
people get excited but then they have to
look through all the financials and make
sure everything is in order
so 2020 well 11 after yeah I took mine I
hope they're all sold because I want
some fun neighbors mm-hmm ah what else
sorry for being quiet yeah but the car
what yeah that's bang about the bra the
bra is about the G you know they're
still boarding about the G we have many
many many different plans it all depends
on if you can tell your friends and
family
ah how about this if we get a million
subscribers before
huh so we have if we get a million
subscribers a month from now on I'm
gonna get two g's and I'm gonna do the
most retarded thing you've ever seen to
a G so tell your friends your family
your dog and everyone to subscribe if
you want to see the most stupid
stupidest thing ever done to a G and you
already have the idea oh yeah like I
have it all set up until the end of
October
come on guys I want that million yes
please please please yeah well rocks
suits everywhere
God are we flying business in a British
a380 oh no no we're not five business
sorry I wish we could do you have a seat
number there Betty I have this little
thing that says oh we can really see it
can you see above my thumb let's just
say I think we're gonna have a nice
flight but the flight is almost finished
boarding so we should probably board
that giant a380 so if you want to see
today's vlog make sure to check back in
two days since we are flying over to the
States
we're sort of we got to figure out ways
how to alternate the vlog schedule yeah
so now they're yelling our name so we
got to say ciao and no we're out from
London and we gotta run so it's good
talking we're gonna try to do more of
these live things it's yeah we just got
to learn how to read quicker when it
comes to comments yes so Cheers stay
healthy stay strong straight stay
motivated and do as many things as you
can in life
see you in today's ciao ciao ciao wait
finishing
