snow I used to love em what better way
to say good morning from Japan with some
snow shoveling I just saw the snow and I
saw our main man here was traveling I'm
like I have to help we still have some
snow coming down it it just won't stop
up here and I love waking up to the
sound of the trucks cleaning out the
snow snow I grabbed some coffee and I
think today today might be pretty
freakin kick-ass
it is looking like it's gonna be one of
those legendary days with a lot of
powder suffocation are you ready for the
goodies oh yeah
just getting better from here huh you
know it's good when you're excited for
someone to ski ahead of you because
they're gonna have a great rug where's
my coke girl I want to get this on the
blog
oh you haven't pulled it out yet I'm
reckon so I'm dropping
hmm
this is set so call it today
whatever I say that this has a very high
chance of being the best poems of your
life on touch first tracks Warner's bit
slow as usual but I think we're ready to
draw up are we yep
do you want to go first Oscar sure first
I mean it's wide set slightly right
enjoy burner
psycho is in the top ten top five run to
my life wow you guys are so selfish man
you know what dude I gotta get back
there and seriously you want to do that
again why'd you start blogging now you
should've started next week and that was
what the first two runs of today look
like Wow Wow
pretty saying that's just two runs and
as you might have seen we have been
filming in a slightly different way than
we have filmed before because we've been
playing around with the GoPro fuchsine
this is in no way a paid promotion then
you have this one sent to his house
we're not getting paid to say anything
but that thing is just too epic not to
talk about and plus as you can see it is
snowing heavily so having the gh 5 out
at all times is pretty tough so today
we're gonna play around with this and
see what other cool angles we can get
and just ski a lot of powder let's do it
just best day ever
I say yeah that first couple runs was
mind-blowing
which is so awesome cuz when you fly to
Japan you never ever know if you're
gonna get it
but we got it
this right here is heaven and heaven
apparently just keeps on going and going
and going where should we go drop riders
down here I thought it was an animal
okay this run were putting the fusion on
the backpack we should shoot just the
back of your head for this thing kind of
yeah yeah it does thinks you don't think
it could do so let's do a run from
behind and we hope that this thing is
not gonna get covered with snow in two
seconds
just the nature the snow how quiet it is
has just incredible life quality 1000%
the major shit is the duck your head in
and just roll it off my man that could
have been really bad oh like Molly I see
his feet hit and then his tail launched
right around oh my god now all right
down I can't believe I feel okay okay so
the way we get the shot from behind is
by using the awesome douchebags these
traps are actually made to carry
snowboards but they're great for
building the fuchsine on the back but
now I got to get off the lift I just
needed to show this what kind of bad
company owner would I be if I didn't
promote the fact that this actually
works pretty kick-ass more shredding the
red light is owned and this drum we're
trying it a little off to the side
behind here uh-huh but Oscar this is all
you owe me all you
look at this we're all alone snow
falling down snow on the trees and when
you're trying to film inside and your
whole camera is what I was just gonna
say when you're skiing a powder day it's
important to grab a hot dog and eat real
quick and now this is do fall game I'm
not gonna use this so I bye
nope Benny but no Benny we're back here
there we go see that's one of the
coolest things with this camera is that
you pretty much get two shots at one and
you can play around and do so many
different cool things so when you're
skiing you get the back angle the front
angle here we get to shoot forward you
just may be gonna make sure that you
don't shoot too much and it's stabilized
which makes everything really smooth
looking and you can kind of go like this
I'm moving my arm a lot now and it's
still kind of stable and then you can
zoom it out so that we're on this little
earth looking thing which would probably
be me editing wise I just go to the
extreme single Todd or you could just
use it like a regular GoPro so that's
the sweetness of it that you don't ever
have to care about where are you
pointing it
just everywhere so it's just taking
action sport filmmaking a whole new
level I think without claiming too much
it makes me so bummed that I have a hero
sex well now you have one of these now
we're gonna give this thing to Warner
now for him to play out look it's
important that he picks up the blog
quality right away yeah yeah yeah my
vlogs all about quality think about
where you're pointing it oh that's so
true though way easier way easier all
right
oh okay so we're just gonna end today's
vlog here I know it's mostly kind of a
ski for middle shake I'm tired no it's
mostly husky porn vlog but when you have
a deal like this I thought it was a
perfect opportunity to show what this
thing can do so now we're just gonna
grab one last run call it a day
hopefully come back to Japan or come
back to you guys oh god I'm shaking we
are exhausted but we will be huh help no
no we're good but I hope you guys
enjoyed this incredible day and
hopefully the new technology helps let's
share that in a better way than ever so
now it's time to go down and just sleep
for 13 hours and then try to do this
again
over and out from Team excited but tired
from the top of the mountain now one
last poll run to end the vlog wash
powder
