News given a lap oma are you ready
good morning good mornig today we're
saying good morning from the Domo Domo
Domo here in Milan me and Yanni woke up
early 1 over here and shot a bunch of
photos
I love these like morning missions get
up before the Sun you know chase like
the shadows and start today with getting
great shots and then after a while Jana
gets sick of me should say I think we
got that but then I just love shooting
so much that I could like I could spend
an hour more two hours more really yes
oh well that's why I love you guys cuz
you you make me keep doing a vlog and
that makes me keep shooting you every
single day everybody just get up in the
morning it sucks for the first few
minutes few minutes but then you're just
winning for the rest of your day like
super winning this is the time of the
day but I'm at my happiest good right
now I could get a bird in my face
and I would still smile that's how happy
I am in the morning but now food oh are
you getting tired mr. Gorillapod hold on
let me check that you're alive and well
no what do you didn't get enough sleep
is that okay
more like this is that better
No
God what why is it so dark in here
oh now I know Tommy Olsson have been out
like hitting buttons that is much better
I hate when that happens you're like why
is it looking so dark you know that guy
I guess it kind of stark in here and you
realize the messed up that's it
yeah sorry
do you want to tell them what you think
I mean he can't walk alone in the street
apparently I'm a danger to myself I'm
still claiming that I have been
surviving so far doing much more
dangerous things but you know what we
got to do now
we got to go deal with bank papers at a
notary that was very not successful last
time so that is gonna take her oh we're
gonna go in here so that is what we're
gonna do now we're gonna hide the
cameras and come back once we're happy
and that is like out of our lives
ciao
well but either way I was just gonna say
that mission number two and we are
joined by Oscar and Natasha and Yanni
and we are here to see you guys are
doing some sort of production throughout
the day so the Oscars gonna be the
director and I'm gonna be like second
camera assistant helping out looking
fabulous
Karl Agha felt I like a lot so that is
kind of the plan for today run around
shoot a bunch of different outfits on a
different parts of the city and just
shoot I love shooting yeah you already
knew that but that is at least time for
now so why don't you come along and
we'll just don't explore Milan find cool
places and shoot beautiful girls don't
forget any cameras I can take it just
love the strap
Sandman yeah very very cool because I
have to get it there anything well
ladies
the look-alike ladies that's us
with a suitcase on the city love Velvets
it's like super rad like iconic sick
yeah but like in a classy cool way
coral you're my boy so here we can see
the glamorous life of fashion bloggers
changing on the street getting naked for
everyone to see that's hold on let me
just get from behind make sure no one's
watching
okay you hold that eubie eubie blog or
girlfriend that means those appointment
ever had someone I'm really working on
my system skills yeah we said this is
how we should work everyday like to hear
coffee or like
much a lot let me know anything water
like Red Bull of water
alright that'll be hard to find so it is
kind of funny actually that I truly
enjoy just running around town shooting
different things and I think that's one
of the reasons that me and Yanni gets
along so well that if she can get help
with this it's fantastic for her and
since I happen to love it it's great so
I'm just sitting here waiting for them
to do whatever is they're doing but it's
fun when you can feel that you're a team
and you're working together I just
wanted to say that always be a team you
look so cool you should look like this
always this this should be more more of
your look you like it
I mean I wouldn't wear it that is true
shooting a new location no more let's go
to Domo
it looks like you're the hostess of this
place Carla what's up this is a very
sponsored collar video on your channel
they got it for free oh yeah I have an
idea
walk in pretend that you work there and
then you can walk out with stuff well I
enjoy like should I bring this bag in
here now or I think I'll just be the the
dummy out here waiting with a big bag
why are we always left here this is
Oscar piss away bitch you've been
introduced a lot of times for that
bigger it's always better to did one
extra time yeah why not and now the
girls are coming back to get there give
us something No yeah we'll just pretend
like we're really important okay
yeah but it's okay never in the way in
this box all right we'll just hang out
up here yeah well we have this okay can
I go in with them you go in with them
and I'll be the real assistant out here
okay where to go while waiting for the
important people to be done okay let's
see what we can do here I have an idea
well this reminds me of New York Jonnie
goes to like fashion shows and it's like
crowded and people and loud and I just
try to seek out a quiet nice place to
sit down and just chill maybe I don't
like people but I do love it here okay I
think they found their balloons look at
this balloon ladies coming up production
in progress
it's
this is crazy this madness
give me your balloon
get it right this time
was it good
hold on let me focus huh I think that's
a pretty good boomerang I like it
creativeness no shoot is complete
without a boomerang three two one
Grantham
what's a monopod a facialist or emply of
karl lagerfeld
yeah once again
it's a wrap so I can stop being bagged
watch your guy yes but you've been a
really good one thank you
well what should we do with this like I
get confused when there's so many hold
on I get so confused when there's so
many videos and things and photos going
on and I'm like where am I in like the
vlog world the thanks yeah here we're
here fight and shoot do you I didn't
shoot you that much no but I spend my
time talking about camera stuff with you
yeah and like life strategy and stuff
like that so we've been a great team but
now it's time to wrap it up and we'll
see you guys a little quickly before we
go to bed but right now my arm is
shaking cuz I'm real tired so today was
a long day I mean today's vlog is like a
Yanni Vargas a Yanni in slow motion kind
of all you I hope you guys enjoyed me in
slow-mo yeah but it's like you know
that's what we did all day and since
this is a void that we almost shoot
every day then you know that every vogue
is different and now I wish we could
like go see some romantic place or do
something but unfortunately
unfortunately there's a computer waiting
inside and a blog that needs to be
edited so why do you guys the month on
some other day yeah like give him a
break start saying you hate the vlogs
and you don't want any severity sad yeah
I love filming it's really fun but it is
a lot of work so I got to get to it so
now we're gonna say ciao here in Italy
job when I said I and we will see you
next time in Monaco so ciao ciao
