three-two-one
that's insane
a second here
stalk this is the best road it's not car
in the world I think we're late who
should be there in two minutes
straight straight straight
I've journeyed fear shakes no no we're
not late anymore now we got four minutes
ago
and we are on time we are six minutes
late and I think that's okay but we have
now arrived to the Lamborghini Factory
awesome alright thanks so much
I cannot believe I've never been here
before yeah five or six
alright so okay Yarnell Gallardo's
Murcielago Murcielago SV
Huracan so five but I've never been here
so soon we have yeah and we got to drive
this thing there which was pretty epic
good morning
yeah we kind of forgot we were so
stressed getting in the car we knew we
had a certain amount of time to get here
so now we can start the vlog and
continue the day the Dream Factory I see
us mine yeah we're gonna go and have a
look at the factory
The Dream Factory yes
hello enough Lambos the federal month
it's so funny normally Siwon Huracan par
for Monday it's like really unique and
here you have like a whole bunch back
there and then a whole bunch back there
so it's like pretty sick and then
another cool thing is that when a
customer orders a car here one they come
up to the production line they get their
notifications so they can actually come
here and spend the two days that it
takes to assemble the car and see the
whole process I think that sounds like
almost good of a reason to get one I'm
gonna say that one of the cool things
here is that you get to see so many
different spec cars this grey one here
is just incredible looking you know like
my favorite part of a car the center
lock wheels like those who read just
incredible racing looking things that
you know most normal people probably
wouldn't get the fascination of it and
then interior was the carbon on those
air vents yummy it's probably I would
like girls think of like Chanel bags and
stuff like that and then just the entire
color combo like the grey with the
carbon the wing
I love the perform on that I shouldn't
be here this is not healthy not good not
good at all no is this like this here is
magic I loved this combo more powerful
monster more powerful monster and
apparently now in like about a minute
the line of the course are gonna shift
and we're gonna be able to see when they
put an engine in there it's probably
gonna look a lot more simple than what I
feel like it would be like take me like
four days no for four years
I don't know what car tuners like
complain about they say like oh if we do
that we have to lift out the engine and
like look that was so easy you just roll
it up and like slamming in like
let me traduce Robert Robert took the
rowboat who is transporting stuff around
the factory the only robot in the lambo
Factory I need a robot at home as well
that helps me fix things ringing yeah
but it was super cool to see the whole
production line and understand a bit
more of everything that goes on in here
but since we only have 24 hours in a day
it's time to check out the museum which
I'm kind of excited about see what's
being hidden in there
oh I've never seen that thing live
I'm guessing this was pretty expensive
it is the oldest Mura alive in the world
number two in the production line yes I
demand answers
is like B percent that I'm the ideas and
their nose but it's so much more
pharmacy these cars in real life I've
seen a million photos of them oh hello
and who are you what do you guys think I
I don't see anything that could be more
perfect for what we do yeah I don't
think I've ever seen a room filled with
so many things that I've never seen that
I wanted to see especially that guy my
new car
we could spend like ten hours here thank
you
Musial Lamborghini one final little
bonus visit the ultimate Wow
the amount of pictures have looked at
when I wanted to build a replica this is
pornography this is so fat we've widened
angry and mega awesome and you race
these yes I mean I think our jobs pretty
good but there's a whole new neighbor I
don't know what could be better than you
can show up with anything you want in
the entire world that love Ferrari or
anything to me this life destroys at
times a lot of times right now I'd say
we need lunch like we've been like get
up and go and then but I've seen so many
dream cars and you didn't now we're in a
now or you see everything that you're
like like the amount of pictures of
Google on these things
and we are back again now it's time to
check out the press conference for the
release of the watch and a whole bunch
of other watches not one of those he's
not good for me invites me to like
places for guys well there are so many
fun things that you want so we're gonna
go check out the press conference and
then look at a bunch of fun cool watches
every show that has the Lambo on stage
is a good one
okay this is officially the coolest race
car up see that it's the same okay how
is it the drive yeah I want to punch I
was like starting to get over these like
super mega duper parts but now they're
coming back let's say we go we go look
at some watches yes we're trying to stay
away from it this one is limited to 88
pieces yeah and this one the cool thing
with that one is the used carbon fiber
that is left over when they build the
cars yes that's same with the suede like
a lot of the details come from from the
factory there's so many things we have a
look for the other one but no the other
one I have here I feel like all
embarrassed with all the important
people I walk through and all but I
think I say we go outside catch a bit of
fresh air
alright well safe to say that there was
a lot of very very cool things to see in
there and it's always fun to hear CEOs
of big brands talk to each other and
like you know see what they're thinking
because I mean obviously they're doing a
pretty good job and we have got a
drawing for one of the employees in
there so say but now we have had a long
day as you know we left very early on so
we are gonna go and get some sleep and
then we're gonna be back in the morning
one we're actually crushing this car so
on the truck okay we shouldn't end today
quite yet this look at this lineup
like this is what I call it dinner at
dinner wait I got a run we're running
out of battery but like it never stops
now time for dinner inside the
Lamborghini Factory like the where they
make the course now we can end because
now it's blinking real red okay one less
we switched your phone because you got
away we don't have any batteries order
dinner
you see the production line on inside
uh-huh it's not every day you have
dinner here yes
yeah we're just not fashionable of like
we're wearing the the blog outfit what a
table have been Nobu Monica I'm sorry
you've got nothing like here you kissing
look at naked Lamborghinis all night but
I think that will make a third attempt
to even come back tomorrow
yes so see where else we're gonna enjoy
so can we find out the edges please
is that the desert but that's a pre
desert yes this is one of the most
entertaining dinners I've ever been to
ups like got dinner I kind of tired I
don't want to go to dinner
Ethiopian singer I had it on my
Instagram I said yeah there's no
pressing here next to the cardboard so
push and these for the ending
should we make like attempt number six
to like see you tomorrow
in two seconds
seems more in the morning Rebecca the
Medina I'll to tell just woken up by
little ride along so now we're going to
drive a little bit
at the door s it's so sick of heard
Oakland rainy
- it's sick now we are talking first
time in the perform onthe ferry enjoy
y'all ready let's let's go crush this
performance yes good
a crew this thing is incredible oh yeah
it's like that
supercharged one I have but with tons of
more carbon just a bit more responsive I
think I'm gonna jump into the yellow I
think you should we should do this more
often
we love the no but once again million
million things one oh my pleasure now we
can now we can go rest a little if me
back to when I could we go to Milan
today and then back to Monaco on Sunday
oh yeah girlfriend there so oh my god
don't give her your car I'll hide it
away forever that's good that's good
that's good so have some things here
that we want of you alright thanks so
much thank you now that is what I call
an epic day hold on guys
there we go I was just saying epicness
this the defined so we need to thank mr.
Andrea here for hooking it all up he is
the one that has all these epic gloves
and they that's how we got in touch from
the start and then we ended up here with
lots of sick watches and Lamborghinis so
thank you thank you I like you now
that's what I call like a quick like
attack mission with a million fun things
in like a very short amount of time
alright it's time for us to move on head
it to Milan to see Yanni so we're gonna
say goodbye for this vlog and we'll see
you guys real soon ciao ciao
