and good morning from a beautiful sunny
Monaco with perfect temperature and you
know only a few local people hanging out
and that's the kind of Monica we like so
beautiful day unfortunately Yanni's
leaving for London Fashion Week here in
a couple hours
but before that I think we have some
time today at least two hours - oh not
enough though are you going to start the
day with a couple photos because
everyone likes the morning photo
especially Yanni because it's her work
and she needs photos every single day so
I think we're gonna crush it right over
there think here look at this with the
Flair happy happy happy
let's go down to the car
oh yeah okay more you have the key okay
and George George just not been picked
up yet and Yanni wants to shoot a photo
with the Stars inside no I know
love the Monaco parking garages the
world's most efficient photo team is now
out in rockin rolls-royce
Oh AC hello hot mail skillet all yet but
happy with photos if she's happy it
means that I'm happy but I would say
that today it's like the first day I
slept well in so long so I'm just
excited I got up early started editing
like you know no but generally I'm
having a great morning I have not been
sleeping like at all for the last three
days so to get 9 hours of sleep today I
feel like Superman like a true Superman
I know really good so another coffee and
then it's time to just keep crushing
lots of things to do and then we have to
be able to hug it out as well big joke
I think here super so you know every
time a big truck shows up that has a big
carrying space in the back you know it's
gonna be a good day when they race the
end of the truck and you find this this
is gonna be our means of transportation
from the next couple days because we're
going to the Lamborghini factory in two
days and they told me like hey instead
of flying there why don't you just drive
this thing and I'm like it sounds like a
good plan to me I have not had enough
Lamborghini time lately so I'm happy
that this is about to change kind of
some crazy weather in Monaco today it's
like sunny rainy cold warm and now it's
warm again so a bit of background story
on why this thing is getting delivered
is because I got invited to the
Lamborghini Factory for the launch of a
new Roger Dubois watch and you know I I
don't do many collaborations but you
know when Lamborghini and Roger the bar
calls you up then you know it's a good
thing so try this to the Lambo factory
and look at a new watch and I've never
been to the factory so I think it could
be a good first visit you know maybe ask
about Second Coming models new SUV or
you know just or just look at beautiful
cars
because with it I also got this books
and it was hand-delivered by two guys
and I had the sign to get it so I'm
really curious what's inside of this one
but we're gonna wait with that until
we're home again even though I hate
waiting I think we're about to get a
taste of the sound it called Huracan
never disappoints
now many cars sound like that stock I
feel like a child again I'm like as soon
as there's something new that you
haven't been in it for a while it's like
I'm sure penny might think this is okay
as well
oh hello the watch gets to read Shotgun
together with the papers this interior
kind of hard to get in the car when
you're alone and get some sort of
traffic shots but we'll have to do more
of that later step one is to just get
this thing home and open the watch
that's what I'm like really curious
about because it's a watch that has not
been shown yet so so I couldn't look it
up online to see what it is but when it
gets hand-delivered by two guys and you
signed a lot of documents for it then
you know it's a pretty nice watch
perfect thank you ciao oh if you're
wondering why I'm like a little jittery
it's because never ever did I think that
I would get an invite from the
Lamborghini factory where they're like
hey we'll give you a Lambo so you can
come drive and check out the factory and
be a part of the launch for the new
Roger Dubois watch like it still feels a
bit unreal but now we're gonna go home
oh I've missed the Huracan
but since Yanni is like in Fashion Week
month I think it's kind of perfect cuz
then this is all me and Benny cruising
through the Italian Autobahn or Italian
highways to the Lamborghini Factory
alright I'm gonna put this thing down
now and actually focus on driving this
is a really bad plan walking like this
but such is life sometimes
Oh selfie blogging with packages tight
parking spaces and picking up a car it's
not ideal
are you ready right but the question is
we have a dilemma Lamborghini or
rolls-royce
okay that's pretty probably good that
you said cuz the lever would be tight
with all your luggage I don't have much
this time look I just want I thought it
was really funny they're not both so I
just wanted to shoot that okay I'll see
you in a bit Lambo okay let's go oh Nev
I'm Adam yes I was gonna say you
remember how much I read on the comments
when you were doing the haul that I got
like an incredible amount of hate for
liking or disliking no I was gonna say
that I love this trench coat like that
is not high heels yeah I feel like I got
really misunderstood like a hoodie looks
so good on it
it's just some weird stuff George George
is not a her
what are you ready
I have to go yeah I'm gonna come in here
ah nice of course honey
you know me hold on gotta like the car I
always forget watch locked and ready to
go so I guess this is it we're breaking
up no more no it is it for us for a day
or two so enjoy so she's gone London
Milan Monaco con Paris in like a week
puss puss puss puss alright let's go
find Benny and make some magic you know
you're at the Ortega house when you hear
the nice sound of the Fontan and like
the smell of the good coffee and food oh
yes so the plan was just to pick up
Benny and then go but then of course
there's some good Benny Benny parents
food and coffee and stuff so now we're
gonna head back and get some more stuff
done because we have some exciting we
have a lot of boxes now actually yeah so
I say we start rolling towards Monaco
and keep crushing
welcome home Matthew Michelle we have a
bag we're gonna keep this real short not
a douche bag product promotion video but
here is the new all black color before
there was some great details and
everything now 100% black and the new
rubber logo so refinement but it makes a
huge difference
Carrie old small carry-on in black no
but here is something new something a
lot of people have been asking about
since I was playing around with this in
Japan and Canada the main idea behind
this backpack is that I've always needed
a backpack that's technical and that you
use for skiing or hiking and stuff like
this but all those backpacks they all
look so super freakin mountain climber
stuff so I wanted to create a bag that
was like you know a little more Street
looking but still had all the
technicalities of a technical black
quick super quick run-through you have
the hooks here for snowboard with
skateboards jackets or whatever you want
to touch here in the back here open you
have your shovel and probe and avalanche
pocket little mesh pocket here back main
compartment for your power bars your
cold red bowls or whatever it is you
want to put in there see a mesh pocket
on each side to keep organized then you
know a little guy here and then at the
top I love good top off it's important
chest strap is something that I think is
very important to have but I hate when
this is like flying around look like
that just light it down nice doesn't it
come on no that's not flying around and
then you have your your waist strap good
to have this and also good to have so
now you are ready to like do whatever
extreme sport that you want to do so
then we have one dilemma is that this is
like a very clean backpack when it comes
to like four packs but I would still not
love to go to the airport like this
Lucian Union removed and then you you
should put it in the outside pocket just
otherwise you're gonna lose it like I do
I'm such a terrible light product I'm on
the demo guy let me put something in it
so you can see when you look in a room
yes so yeah we were fitting laptops in
here yeah and it's actually like that
was kind of the ideas a bag that you can
that you know you're not gonna need when
you're out skiing but that you can also
travel it so you get a lot it's called
the Explorer and you can ski snowboard
take it hiking go to the beach whatever
you want to do or go to a meeting you
have anything else Oh green yeah enough
for this I know we did this last video
so we're gonna cut this real short but I
it's like you work on it for like a year
and a half you can't say anything and
then when you get in I don't want to be
the you know guy that this but but it
was something else yes that we should
have a look at this it's got a box guy
with the Nama what's this so when I got
it I didn't know really anything about
it because there wasn't any details out
but I have now gotten more information
that tomorrow
Roger Dubois and Lamborghini announces
their partnership so this watch is a
watch in collaboration with Lamborghini
this little guy is not cheap but this is
like three four times more three four
times more and so that's the reason that
we're going to Lamborghini tomorrow Dubi
Dubi yeah thank you for helping a dumb
Swede out
that is looking mighty put it on yeah
maybe one day when I want to wear
something true I'll wear that does this
come with a bodyguard I think I've read
in the brief that there was a lot of
carbon fiber like this you don't see it
no this is like way heavier I love it
like when you see all this weird awesome
I think they'll let us keep it I hope
you can I just want to look inside
haven't the door I feel more my brother
than this hello
does it feel like like what's up I'm
like monster vlog producer mr. Ortega
yes well I've always said that watch
over a hundred grand is too scary a
watch but hey I'm gonna rock it
yeah cores are meant to be driven and
watches are meant to be used it's a good
day oh you know you know a Lambo new
douchebags
what's the Maltese Falcon is chilling
out there outside yeah hello my keys
we're like becoming a real brand would
like new things and like they're pretty
freakin good yes
you know some kick kick kick kick
what are you doing I'm making myself
short here like I start outside feels a
little thicker so I started saying and
remove anything Wow what do you think
good how can you compete yeah and then
you got a far from your head you are
yeah and when there's longer parts see
there's a longer parts now there's no
logical explanation why I don't go to
hairdressing it makes me lose weight
before I just see the front sorry no I
don't know why I don't go to a
hairdresser it's just like
feels annoying to book it and then I'll
just like no I need a haircut yeah
because you only know now I want it do
you want one - no ok I'm really good at
cutting up for you
I'm gonna give me the keys
miss you're Tenga you'll have to wait
for tomorrow dawn no no no no I want to
sleep in it no Benny refuses to leave
let's see it says show the keys and then
you can start it up but I don't have the
keys tomorrow morning my friend then
we'll do a lot of playing no ok we
should just say goodnight yeah okay so
let's make it super short so we can be
tomorrow and I can drive it shouts ow
