and more good mornings fail it's okay
it's another glorious day in New York
City
unfortunately it's our last day but we
are gonna run around and check a bunch
of new Yorkish kind of stuff out so
explore always make the most your day
but before we do we have a books and if
it is what I think it is it's one of
those secrets that I haven't been able
to tell you should we check it out
I'm really excited if this is what I
really hope new douche bag bag
our first duffel bag called the carry-on
so nice hold on let me see if I can do a
good good demo here so duffle bag
everyone knows what a duffle bag is we
have a couple special things how am I
gonna make this quick okay feature one
we wanted a duffle bag that you could
carry like a duffel bag and it's a
backpack so here you go clean bag and
then whoa you pull these guys out
perhaps okey doke there we go so
backpack solution and then one of the
things I realized that all bat or all
duffle bags when you wear them as a
backpack they're so ugly underneath
mm-hmm we made sure to like think about
what the bag looks like when it's on
your back but now it's empty
you know I'm gonna fill it up so you
have the backpack solution and then if
you want it like a traditional duffle
see these two handles here yeah if you
knew the amount of time and energy
that's gone into this you hide those
back in there and you have this nice so
you can have two different versions and
it stays clean let's pack it up really
quick so we can show with stuffing okay
tada and we have a fully pool heavy well
you have so yeah this is what it looks
like like this super nice and then at
the top yeah okay so you have a regular
pocket up here kind of like the hugger
top mesh pocket here so you know for
your little things and then on the
bottom Oh shoes on the bottom then you
have a bigger one you know for dirty
laundry shoes or whatever is you want to
put in there on the lid to mesh pockets
mesh pocket on the side here with zipper
mesh pocket on the back there like a
backpack you already showed this I know
but now it's like false it looks much
better and then of course last but not
least you're going to the airport and
you can hold a coffee at the same time I
love this bag like we spent so much time
trying to figure out how to make a good
duffel bag and I'm super happy with the
outcome oh another one
I think this is the 70 liter this is the
40 I think this is gonna be my new go-to
carry-on bag nice I like the look of
duffle bags I think it looks cool so now
you have the functionality of a backpack
but you can wear it as a duffel so yeah
very happy and it's way more fun to be
able to show you what we work on than
like Oh working on the secret well yeah
but enough sales pitch but since I
worked on every single detail of this I
hope you can forgive me but now we are
gonna connect so I go explore let's go
explore and see what New York has to
offer
I know welcome
many patients
so yep yo a plan travel leader Yanni is
going to take us to a restaurant and
then we're going to go mission and like
explore and do like new Yorkish kind of
things where it's gonna be real nice
every morning I wake up I put on a
sweater and I think it's cold in New
York and then now I realize that I am
completely wrongly dressed hold on
before before we hit the Sun let me
remove this and I've been to New York a
lot in the winter so just north is a
cool place for me yeah since we are in
New York I am feeling very kch so I'm
rocking a lot of Gorillapod holding the
camera myself no no no I can handle that
screen on the side no problem yeah I
think we're making Yanni look important
like two camera guys behind her get it
good it good it sorry miss miss miss can
I grab a photo
well-spotted Yanni I love it this is
much more of myself nice and quiet
yes oh the key to any good lunch spot is
peace and quiet
nothing like a ginger shop against going
now that was a fantastic lunch right I'm
gonna say it's the best place I've ever
yeah bento couch tip we're gonna put a
link here in the description that's the
tip right Benny me
it is a what's it called
what cuff it love it ah and now check
out the view yes from the skylander of
there on top of the road but first let's
take a couple photos of this pink wall
with this Pink Ladies
french fries now we can go check out the
view nice welcome now we're gonna see if
we can see a view of the city Yami said
that we're going to go check out Empire
State Building but then her viewers on
the blog said that no you should go to
the rockefeller observation deck my
feeder readers viewers same thing so
we're gonna go see hopefully it's not a
big line but seeing the skyline from the
top is always a good idea
wow that's nice how cool look at this
this right here is the best 30 bucks
we've ever spent HD yeah but so go up
here was 35 bucks huh and then there's a
V apxs those 65 but then you wouldn't
have to stand in line yeah and like
we're coming into the VIP incoming like
a little microphone straight through all
the like security to everything it was
the most VIP experience ever for 30
bucks exactly and then you have this
view look at this wow wow that was I
loved it like I've been to the Empire
State Building and One World Trade
Center and I stood forever in line and
this is like exactly zero minutes and
less 60 bucks and it's cool from here
because you have like if you're in the
Empire State you're looking down on
everything whereas here you can see a
lot of things oh yeah oh yeah you can
step in disguise
are we done yeah should we see how these
work on the way down if they work TV IP
you go like this
I should put on my sunglasses even
inside this guy's very important yes I
used to get I've ever had yeah they
think people get excited and where they
go that feels this weird it looks like
Benny's not gonna let go of this VIP
ticket anytime soon
well I would say that that's super well
worth the trip up there and get the VIP
pass that was kind of epic to be honest
and might much better than Empire State
Building and world trade so Thank You
Yanni's readers really now we are gonna
go and explore Times Square since we are
up in this part of town a DA
Wow whoa Wow Wow so first impressions
mr. Ortega enough lights
what lights and people like and sounds
and sirens Wow Wow hey I don't know
where to look at and yannis has changed
by the way you're not crazy if you were
kind of wondering what an insane
shooting a second outfit I thought that
would be important to bring up feels
like you're in Tokyo I wonder if we look
like tourists like oh we come from the
countryside we've never seen anything
like this yeah it's just the Friday
yeah it's like good for like six and a
half minutes wow that was really quick
so I be the first cab we try to stop
stopped and Times Square is not for me I
like them much more up on the top of the
rooftop where it's nice and quiet top of
the rock but now we are gonna go back
and get ready to fly we are flying all
the way but yeah so saying we're gonna
fly all the way to the knees tonight so
we got to go pack up so BRB
getting tight in here bored slowly but
if they're saying my uncle mr. also new
sort of figure we say yeah this week
burger
- the burger right now there are 80
burgers that are sitting cook everything
I mean that's not looking good right
then after that I mean we still have
like five more minutes or even more
we'll give it a try yeah I'd be so happy
if this works out okay so it turns out
the top of the rock has the best VIP
service in the world because today's
check-in took like two hours that's why
we are here with shake check trying
desperately to get a burger before
takeoff but now the line is like pretty
much yeah it's why people left then we
ordered our burger 3 minutes ago and
then we have a worried Jonnie over there
we have ordered okay we're gonna see if
we can make it yes I mean have you seen
the line people waiting for their food
yeah but we'll see we'll see like go and
ask oh no way thank you so much you're
the man oh no wait I told I was looking
I was like I think he's like making it
top of the rock that was top of the rock
type or you get worried the more you
have this you y'all need Alliance MP
like we gotta go apparently I was
already on the flight you're on the play
hold on Yanni I think this is a great
time to end today's vlog because we're
gonna jump on a fight and we're gonna
sleep and we're gonna land up on the
French Riviera oh yeah so I say we just
say goodnight then hope
the shake-shake will be as good as we
think it's gonna be we'll see how this
Delta business classes looking today
ciao ciao see you later America I
couldn't figure out which way to spit it
okay now see you later I'm gonna keep
this ending no reason to stress I mean
it's a vlog I can make the vlog hour of
long I want so yeah like today was a
great day and I'd like to say like a lot
of times like it was like I'm so sorry
that I say like all the time I'm not I'm
trying not to I almost cut out all the
likes and yesterday's for now we can end
okay bye bye ciao ciao
oh yeah you can like the video by the
way and subscribe thank you okay now
okay three three two one
you
