you
and good morning today we're saying
hello ah good morning from Brooklyn
Bridge well I guess technically down off
the Brooklyn Bridge because it was
really loud out there so hard to talk
but me and Yanni went for a little
morning walk a little couples walk
shooting a couple photos and just look
another view of the skyline and we
realized we live super close to the
Brooklyn Bridge I know like wow 11 12
minute walk so that's really nice but
now it's time to get a coffee because as
you can hear like my throat it's not
perfect but you just got to push through
and not care about that kind of stuff
always like just push pushing it's the
best way of getting better but yeah you
can hear that I need coffee before
saying good morning on any balls so
let's grab a coffee
that's what's got a
you can grab coffee up this guy Oh give
me dopey guy you like Starbuck Jenny
getting the New York by the taxi the
sirens and then you look up here you got
skates skyscrapers
regular coffee with one pump of hazelnut
- thank you love a select month after
you my love well yeah I'm kind of full
here in the hands Thank You Man vlogging
like New York coffee walking with a
coffee life and vlogging they're not
friends together physically almost it's
terrible ok let me go to the window
looking up in the ceiling but one thing
that is not bad is this view there we go
a perfect low angle so that we can still
all pretend that our room is spotless
but now I think we are gonna look out
the view for a little and then get
changed because today we're gonna try to
work out a bit we are meeting up with
David and Karina who are gym shark
athletes and they kind of know what
they're doing when it comes to training
so gym shark kind of hooked us up here
cuz they told us like you guys know
you'd started to train a lot so you
should keep going even if you're in New
York which is great so a little bit of
rest and then we're gonna get strong and
like you know it's fun to train with new
people so kind of excited actually so
check out this view and we'll see you in
a bit this way uh-huh I was just I was
just thinking about I can carry this I
want to feel it yeah I wouldn't feel
like Casey yeah yeah but hold on we got
to get things correct first okay now you
like okay see what's up although this
yeah this feels a bit crowded there do
you might do stick board around no you
have to go on the street directly and we
decorate have put on your hand of course
he's going for it let's straightly
watch out the acceleration is pretty
strong and there is bliss coming in
consumer problem yes
watch out the brake is really strong huh
I see him shaking like yes how is it
good first expression experience now I'm
in second pen I realized that if you're
gonna if you're gonna vlog you need to
control it with your left hand so yeah
the camera visit the focus real quick
yeah all right now we're going 100% KC
mode oops sorry
I'm not gonna hit the lady Oh let's read
no no go truck going against red I can
see my case it does it this way it's
like a stabilizer mode and it's like
super easy makes vlogging when you're
transporting yourself way more fun I am
getting a boosted board in Monaco that
would have to be the best way to
transport ever I love this thing it was
okay there was no well anyway we're not
alone today now you have David and
Karina and you guys are going to make
sure that we stay in shape if we survive
the way to the gym Benny you I need you
should try this I should try it here but
not vlogging at the same day of course
you should log like how else
Wow jay-z mode on
yes Casey you're you're just insane
Marilla live become the sidewalk now oh
wow the braking system is just crazy are
you gonna be able to do anything else
for the rest of this rest of this day I
hope I could do more of this but not
work how's that we need to get these in
Monaco yes
1,000% yes get ready to die get ready to
die eyes in here come on guys it's just
next door here the only bright place in
New York City I love it
we're gonna be so sore tomorrow because
with all the body work we've done as
soon as you change your workout yeah
Oh have broken muscles you're gonna be
on the flight to life but it's good the
most important thing when working out is
to find variety and that is perfect one
we have some couple met a new provider
nervous yeah me too
are you ready to throw up no not throw
up we're gonna be okay today but we're
gonna die tomorrow
you can't wait on their affirmation you
can't wait when they improve you can't
wait for their support sometimes you've
just got a run and look what I do and
say everybody who goes to run run but I
can't stop running because you're not
running listen listen to me hear me
you can't stop chasing your dreams just
because somebody in your life is taking
this you can't stop believing in
yourself just because somebody in your
life won't believe in you you can't stop
chasing the dreams of your life just
because you know
thank you oh hello I think miss Diller
and mr. Olsen and mr. Ortega is gonna be
a bit sore tomorrow it felt awesome to
go to the gym instead of just working
out without weights because I think
variety is always key and working out
now I'm not sure if I'm walking in the
right direction
am i okay we have you know worked out
which feels great every time you work
out it's like that it feels good and
then you forget and you're like oh I
feel starting to work out so now I say
that we're gonna go shower grab some
lunch and then you know we're in New
York and a visit to New York would not
be this is New York without a little
stopover at B&H so that's the plan we
love New York by the way
and we are now ready go to be an age yes
quick little shower and yeah whether
it's really up and down today it's kind
of weird but when you're gonna be th
it's totally fine
let's see you have to turn on your
lights so we can thank you yes I'm on
right come on you got it you got it yes
yes yes winning yes thank you lifesaver
wasn't it sir to get a cab today
you're stuck
yeah Benny's first time at B&H I mean as
you know we love cameras we've gone
through testing Reds they'll have the
red we currently shoot on the gh 5 we're
tested everything and we always try to
search for what is the best tool to make
a good vlog and then you know it's also
about the little things and that's we're
gonna try to check out here bnh oh oh oh
sorry I thought you're pointing at the
sliders that should I my eyes like
laying around everywhere like trying to
catch everything but it's too many it's
like you really need 12 hours in here or
to go walk through a life I mean just
they have a look at that like giant
second hand apartment like we got
company do you have this place to
memorize by now like you know what the
lenses are the cameras the laptops -
everything I'm pretty good but it's
impossible to know at all but like I
want to get a like on like a Hasselblad
and like a huge lens and you may like
popular sorry maybe I helped the live
but step one is to find these little
like weird things so we're gonna just
run around and then we'll show you what
we got
favorite store and thank you don't have
shake you have 70 bags we're gonna show
you one thing so now you can see how
bright I am and we're gonna be right
back in a second with this lens and we
are back with one of our new lenses it
moves insanely bright it's fully pizza
like this skintone and everything is
crazy
oh I think the least I am but mr. bear
won't be right back yes I say it hold on
let's just play with the lenses on the
way back
it'll be roll and we'll check back in
with help
I feel like a girl that's been in New
York City out shopping everyday except
we only have bags from one store
Yanni's gonna think that we went insane
as usual pinnacle I was saying we feel
like a girl that went shopping in New
York I'll show you you're gonna be bored
while looking at this honey way okay so
first thing new inspired you propellers
the voigtl√§nder lenses that we shot how
incredible was that b-roll by the way a
go pro stick second Voigtlander lens
mm-hmm an olympus 7 to 14 this is gonna
be our new go to light film everything
once and d filter and the filter is good
if you are shooting when it's really
sunny and you want to keep you know that
shallow depth of field
another ND filter yeah suction gopro
mount yeah section gopro mount it is a
small HD it's an external screen to film
b-roll and stuff with severely bigger
bigger screen so we can see it focus
better this it's like the tripod foot
through our new gimbal a dead cat that
we put on top of the mic super good
quality oh yeah light so if we shoot
when it's pitch-black we don't have to
use our cellphones and that was it
nothing more fun to show but now I say
we just wait for Jana to get out of her
shower and then we end this vlog like
and yannis here I'm here come come come
here we're having a tighter lens on so
that we can play with Johnny's here our
new gimbal toys here and all our stuff
is here yeah we're gonna just keep
playing with all this stuff it's heavy
though you've been sucked it out hey you
guys I'm taking over your all some video
blog but I can't understand you I give
up I quit my job
yeah like Zoe we're gonna
and it was awesome that I hang out in
New York we love we love New York as
long as you don't have too many things
you have to do but just strolling around
it's nice it's nice right yeah I like it
a lot
ok time to end the vlog see you guys
soon ciao ciao
from New York bye from York 500 see you
later
