no Momo we got to make there the fight
we are saying good morning from a rally
car here with Jonas he's from bottom
zombies Rita where everybody's a rally
driver and we haven't checking out the
looks that I just bought which is
incredible but that means that we are
extra super late to the airport today so
luckily Yanis took over the control
control and he's going full speed yes
but if it be one day it'd be worth
missing in five four okay would be four
for this yes I'm ready to fly yeah I
love these places like you show up the
airport like this no one's even looking
at me no we were kind of thinking we're
gonna miss this flight when we're flying
the drone we're like it's too beautiful
week
a million thanks for rally driving
inspiring me to come we'll be back
shortly thank you for being awesome like
this thank you the same good to go
be needy loved walking at airports in
flip-flops is the favorite thing
now we're gonna stop filming through
security what's the tight morning you're
nuts good rally driving
our first the three planes today so
we're gonna on this first light we're
gonna enjoy the scenery because I love
hooking up the window and then today I
figured it's a good time to talk about
business you know where did I start what
have I done what are the things I wish I
did different throughout the years you
know to get to where I am now and I can
buy land and buy a house here so I
figured maybe I can share some
experiences and say what I did good at
what I do
a Bonjour we are now not in Bali or
Indonesia anymore we are in Dubai and
we're about to board out our 12-hour
flight to New York so we've had you know
a nice trip here but now we're gonna get
on the a380 again our favorite part of
the trip and meetup this will it will it
be as good as last time you want to grab
this guy I can grab here
right straight in my and you'll meet
each other in the middle thank you hello
mr. no so it's the same space we have
two seats a set of three yes yes sure
but you have seen this flight before so
we don't need to talk about the fight we
know the bar is back there and it's
awesome and the seats are incredible but
we can't talk about is business and why
or what I've done to get to where I am
today
and the first thing I want to talk about
is my parents because if it wasn't for
them I wouldn't be anywhere near this
business see the best thing they did is
that they never pushed me at my brother
but they always gave us the opportunity
if I said I want to go skiing Norway my
dad was saying we don't have the money
for that I'm sorry but if you find
enough blueberries you can go skiing so
they all they kind of early on connected
hard work to reward so I think you know
as parents it's good not to give kids
everything they want it's good to say
that well if you want this you got to do
this so I think that was one thing that
really helped me always like okay hard
work will give me that so I'd say that
was step one but I think that's what
we'll leave it to step one and then we
can continue this really we have a long
day and like so I say that we you'll
enjoy this orange juice and then we're
gonna check back once we land so that
I'm fresh and awake for step two three
four five and six
and Bonjour we are now on the other side
of the planet as you can see we are in
beautiful Manhattan and you know we
figured it's good to take a quick travel
day every once in a while and it's
Benny's first time in New York Suzanne
there's a lot of Wow and yes going on
New York I love coming back here as well
last time I was here it was daily
vlogging so you know I'd have to say a
little stressful now it's gonna be just
fun to explore check everything out and
since we have a theme today we're gonna
get back to step number two and my
advices on how to you know get
successful in whatever you do I would
say step number two is to do everything
or do what you do but do it more than
everyone else like if you do something
and you're 100% committed and like that
is your life then you're gonna have an
advantage over other people I mean when
I started skiing I would be the last guy
off the hill I would just I would ski as
much as I could and every second that I
didn't ski then I would watch ski movies
and think about skiing and like really
be a hundred and ten percent committed
so that's my second advice be committed
and like you know there's no elevator to
success you just have to take the stairs
and that is step number two this line
like straight Manhattan line we love it
Bonjour Yanni mostly any to you this you
should see this sunset oh we are gonna
see the sunset in a little bit in there
it's 911 yes whew is just blah you hear
all that the New York sounds it is a
special place it's like different it's
kind of a lot of different from like
mopeds flip-flops and sand in Lombok but
we as we got to continue with step three
we've been talking today about whatever
yeah well whatever I advice that I can
give to everyone that I wish I knew when
I was younger and that three on my
advices would be I'm the perfect partner
that that's step three be step three
would be that when you start doing
businesses and things like that a lot of
people ask me how do you start you got
to just start like you're gonna suck in
the beginning it's like anything you do
when you start you suck but the only way
to learn is to start trying make sure
you don't take too much risk in the
beginning because most likely you're
gonna fail and suck like I did I started
a couple brands where which is basically
like throwing money out the window here
but I was able to learn from that and
bring that on to future projects getting
started and learning and getting
experienced that's very important step
3b is to find good people to work with
if you're alone to keep the drive up is
very difficult if you're two people then
it's a lot easier a lot better and
always make sure the person you start a
business what is different from yourself
because if you both know the same thing
like if there be two Yoon's there'd be a
lot of cool stuff and a lot of money a
lot of bankruptcy so I need someone to
be smart with money and kind of like
I've learned over the years that you
should do that but and also think
further than just like tomorrow yeah and
then find a partner that can put up with
all your crazy work hours and all this
stuff find the person that their works
the same Oh exactly so that a lot
conclude step 3 we're gonna see brain
activity is high enough to come back
with more but I think now I want to like
hug it out
I don't know Benny's stunning on his
toast oh yeah he's got so many reef cuts
on his feet oh yeah ah ah bend it and
stuff no I'm like working on my better
this morning yes alright well we'll be
back shortly
maybe we can enjoy the view for a little
the annek deserves a time-lapse so here
you go a bit of New York time lapse
oh and we are still alive we might be a
bit tire we might be a bit jet-lagged
but we are not gonna finish this vlog
without a few more advices and I would
say number four on my advices is to
really analyze what you're gonna do like
I love thinking about ideas and you know
if I see like okay what can we do there
then I sort of look at the market like
you know where do I think there's a hole
in the market and what can be done so
step number four is to really analyze
and think and look at different brands
and like just think a lot like think
think as much as you know it makes you
crazy and stuff not we're gonna roll on
a step number five here because I'm
about to get really tired real soon
step number yeah I mean we started this
vlog what like 60 hours ago so we're
still pushing through you can never
surrender never give up it's same and
business like if you are committed to
doing something you're gonna do it no
matter what it takes
but that's not sup number five step
number five is something that I've
learned more in the last couple years
and that is to be humble when I was
younger I'm like I know the best I know
everything there's to know I don't need
to listen to anyone the older I get the
more I realize you know how little I
know so I think being humble listening
to people trying to learn and like
absorb information I think I think
that's a great step number five because
that's something that I felt that I
could have done a lot better earlier in
my life and I think those are the steps
I mean generally it's just a matter of
really wanting to do stuff and think
about every aspect of everything it
would be one thing that I wanted to add
to all of this to life in general to
business to personal life to investment
so everything is that I've learned that
to make money is a lot easier if you
have money so if it's one thing that I
wish I did different when I was young it
was that I wish I would have saved more
money been a bit smarter with it because
once you have funds you have so many
more opportunities so even though you
might not need the money that you have
now every little bit that you can save
is going to help you so much in whatever
it is
that you want to do and that is
something that I learned luckily not too
late but I wish I learned it earlier so
that's gonna conclude my advice is when
it comes to sort of business and like
trying to grow things like that because
I love business it doesn't matter what
it is like I can think of like I should
produce airplane seats because if you
tilted them differently you know like
now you took them like this you're
sliding out but if you tilt it the whole
seat then you you know have a better
bhakti solution so I think it's a matter
of just being passionate about
everything you do and it's the same with
the vlog I look at I'm like gah we could
have done that so much better never ever
sort of be satisfied it's not gonna make
you happy all the time because you're
constantly want to do better but I think
it's a good good thing to have if you
want to create something but now we are
gonna end today's vlog and just get some
good sleep because I sleep much better
when I get to spoon I know some guys
hate sleeping next to girls but I love
just spooning I'm just I think yeah I
know a lot of friends like I love
sleeping alone
so we deem all the Sunda there are gonna
say good night from New York and we'll
check back real soon it'll be fun to
explore the city ending is not complete
without Yanni's challenge we'll see you
soon
over and out from New York Manhattan and
I'm gonna pass out then die now stupid
thing
