and good morning good morning oh don't
throw this to me please look at this a
machete yeah the best thing about saying
good morning in the tropics is that when
you're hungry in the morning you can
just go right outside the window and
chop this down what's this Oh check it
out
banana question is are you supposed to
chop the whole thing down or how about
this
my back is it's not epic so how about
you grab my that grab camera and
let's see how many bananas do bunny can
find how sick is that that's what I love
about this place but you can have all
these fruits sorry
success with the banana yes and here you
have to eat it green I mean you love the
fruits and the juices then like that is
this what they call organic yes I think
it is a 100 I figured out what is really
bad for my back and that is like sitting
in cars and mopeds on bumpy roads so now
I've learnt a bit so that I can lay down
in the back seat and that I think it's
gonna help my back a lot done that for
the last day and it's already better cuz
last time I came here I had a sore back
as well but that I don't like that or I
have to get like that quad and a dirt
bikes have good suspension cuz the moat
pets they have here they're not really
made for off-roading
sorry again Yanni not surfing the banana
king I love these hanging things off the
carport modern concrete up here mixed
with hanging greens and banana machine
tea
a penny and then down in the garden you
have mango papaya coconut with
everything we love this place
really yes you can come with the my ship
in the morning and cut your breakfast is
there anything else all kind of fruits
papaya
no lime mango watermelon passionfruit
yes but not all season now so we have to
come back definitely that's a good
excuse but I have an idea we're gonna go
and eat a bunch of breakfast maybe used
two bananas that we cut down the other
day and then we are gonna come right
back because we're going on adventure
today
yes are you ready to go check out some
Lots yes I am we are gonna head over to
a new development called Tampa Hills
because Jakob who owns this house and
yonas who built this house bought a lot
of land together and developing this
whole community and that is maybe were
the new Indonesian team overkill office
is gonna be and that's super exciting so
that's like the main reason but God
might like yeah that's the main reason
we went to Indonesia in the first place
that I've always always wanted to own
something here but I never felt that you
had that I had like the knowledge to
know where to start but now we have you
almost New York oh yeah so I say we go
check out Tampa and like kind of super
excited Tom buy a house hold a world
class service button like everything
we've been talking about it for two days
but I still haven't seen the place but
exciting yes
really really
you see the mother this whole thing is
the lemon this mountain that mountain
that mountain see like that whole thing
that's a big piece of land what do you
think worthy of casts overkill team
overkill done yeah screw Spain this is
way better
so this is Tampa Beach no way like 400
meters to the water Wow
it reminds me of komodo with just the
palm trees are close to the beach and so
the land starts above this excavated
part right
you want some view of course like this
does not cut it all areas like though
all of these hills that is unreal you
have a VIP here take the car down one
minute jetski and then you have I mean
how many breaks within five minutes of a
jetski how many people now but the way
we surfed the other day what three
minutes for the jetski
wow we start hiking no get a good hike
yes always yes so yes
I said yes before many but I say it
again yes whoa whoa whoa whoa there's no
word that describes this Tompa yes yes
so here's the cut border all of this and
this whole mountain dude all the whole
thing behind it's gonna take some time
some energy we're gonna build the
Society for people that like to have fun
great work hard surf it's mine
everything yes yes okay so let me check
here the map we have four Lots that are
sold right here from we're standing on
the corner and then we walked in here
for sale uh-huh there's about 20 Lots
here for sold for almost sold so that's
why we're up here now look that
development in the past and then you
always end up looking too late sold the
good stuffs taken so yeah basically what
we're doing now is that we're looking at
this map to walk around and look at I
mean the good thing is that there's a
lot of good Lots here and if you look at
the lot prices they're about 10% of
Marbella so basically you've seen the
villa that we stained yacouba's villa so
roughly a thousand square metre lot and
like 400 square metre villa like
infinity pool you name it about five
hundred thousand euros that's about one
bedroom apartment in Stockholm that's
why I love this idea that it's it's
early enough to find these deals huh and
it's not too late where the good stuff
is taken and sort of that it's left you
have the International Airport at loan
book 30 minutes to the airport they
should surfing and life well-spotted
boys
that's what happens when me Jonas has
been in Indo years knows the language
knows everything and how long have you
been doing construction down here Wow
cuz normally I you know you look at this
you see paradise and then you're like oh
but that's scary like you know it's on
the other side of the world like where
do I start like how does everything work
but when you have Yanis and then so
since you know how to build and you know
the local language how everything works
and you have the house so you've rented
it you see the rental incomes that's
what makes me excited because I feel
like scared shitless to take such a big
step but on the other hand I look at the
mathematics and it's not too hard to
make a decision I think no no but it's
like you gotta know who's behind a
project to like do something like this
on to the next hill I think the view is
going to be nice gonna say you know that
you're about to get in business with the
right people when they say I have
flip-flops to go check out the Lots it's
fine yeah you're the right man that's
the kind of yes saying people we like
people will tell you an insane person
thing that this is good yeah we're at
pence wear safety shoes wear a helmet
I'm kind of thinking that we're coming
up to my log here
yeah can I buy 10 square meters from
yours just to put my ten not to get too
much ghosts bums walking down here now
the neverending story yeah I'm feeling
it yeah
the corner that side yeah feels good
wake up band sunrise dancer down zipline
to the water oh yes I think we're about
to walk onto the Passover kill in doe if
not middle yeah one of those made a hole
punch on my heel love the look at the
view
yeah screw it screw the piggy things
where have you been
where I've seen you going behind this
and then you disappeared Wow
this is it
yeah yeah I can totally imagine
fantastic Monsieur
you guys went really far down hey when
you're looking at investing in a lot in
a villa on the other side of the planet
like hey
feels like I've been in a fight with a
cat but it's not like in five days that
I can just like uh wonder how that
looked better walk all the way but I
love the Lord here you'd have a robe
come in here mm-hmm
walking through the house straight as
you come into the house you open the
door you see the pool in the water
that's me it's super super cool that's
like um potential unlike anything that
I've ever looked at I mean we've looked
at stuff that we're like wow but this is
yeah like Spain's good but this is like
Spain plus a palm tree filled a white
sand beach a surf break and turquoise
reef water so nothing 10% of the price
Wow sold
pretty much uh-huh I mean it's it's just
that's why I love with your cups done
like you Yocum moved here for six months
and you learnt the language and then
built villas or gasps and then you went
all in here yeah no but that's that's
why I want to do it because they have
the experience and the knowledge
sometimes you got to have the guts to
think outside the box
over the bat we can see this hill from
the other side yeah and then see if it
clears up maybe it hit the drone up a
little bit to show you guys more I think
it's hard to see from a wide angle yeah
but God I love Indonesia
and four hours later that turned out to
be a four-hour walk in flip-flops and
about six minutes ago it's like god they
look so weird I've walked for hours on
this hill with the flip-flops on the
wrong foot
I guess I'm just not that smart or I'm
so focused on other things that that's
just that it's almost a good sign you
don't focus on the wrong thing but on
the right thing so we had enough
spending four hours here and looking at
everything and instead of ending the
blog now we're just gonna fade to black
and we'll see you guys bright and early
tomorrow morning and then we'll end the
vlog before we're heading off on a
flight so they dip like and we are back
a few hours later with a bit more salon
yes so we are here this is the beach
apparently the paradise with a fresh
coconut from the local coconut palm
trees
two three kilometer beach and it is
exactly zero people on the beach in
coconuts and if you look that way okay
so you have the beach here you have the
palm trees and then the first hill
Kenny's yeah so on this hill is where we
would build a house so you have roughly
300 meters and then over there on the
end here you have a channel at deeper
channel coming in so then we would have
the jet skis over there so you take your
little moped down with the jet skis and
then you have epic surf around the
corner that way that way if you don't
serve you still have a massive push give
it a speed yeah like just this is the
thing like in Bali there's so many
people there's traffic it takes you an
hour and have to get anywhere here no
traffic and just like the paradise yeah
because I mean this is this point you
like to come for fresh coconut so I'm
happy that we came again this morning
because if you are taking such a big
step to buy land and build a house in
Indonesia you got to be sure of what you
do so I think we fly real quick because
we're really late for the airport to
climb no equipment
I think that there's no reason to delay
something you know is good I've looked
at the numbers have looked at everything
and I love life is about doing you know
things that makes you happy but also
having a good investment so I think
should we close the deal
we should can we close the deal yeah we
will officially say welcome John to
Tampa Hills the seaside Society and
we're happy to have you most welcome
a building a house yeah the the signing
rid the children heinous I've never
built the house from scratch it makes me
nervous it's the best thing you can do
yeah you like welcomes dominant he knows
I mean it's it's pretty much the all old
man home as dream to build a house from
the beginning and design it your way and
to be able to do that in in this
paradise it's undescribable and you will
experience it and to do it before
everybody else realizes how nice it is
so you have to pay ten times more that
hey yeah it extends the feeling a little
bit yeah it brings the excitement and
you know how much better the investment
can be price is in Bali for similar is
13 times more yeah so you have traffic
and 13 times more yeah well put a bunch
of info in the description all this I
don't have a cut back or get paid or
anything for this I see I'm investing
here I want to share what I'm doing
because a lot of people ask me that we
should talk more about business and all
this and I'm so I'm trying to just share
I'm thinking what I'm doing
yeah there's still a few lots up there
anyone is interested gonna be neighbors
hang out have a coconut but now we're
late to the airport is useful so cheers
again
Cheers thanks for having the guts to
build everything in Bali and move to
Bali don't bow window without you
without these case we wouldn't do this
yeah yeah and thank you for everything
that you showed us for the last few days
you're very welcome yes like insane
insanely beautiful maybe miss yep anyone
else it up one here that's what we do we
try to cheer our knowledge and help as
many people as possible to do the things
that I wish I did earlier Tampa Empire
of woe
ciao
