thank you so much thank you and it's
time to say good morning again
good move or salamun Peggy in Indonesia
we're really been working on our
Indonesian here with our man Sammy who's
been our driver here but as you can see
we're back at an airport because we're
gonna fight alone booked today we have
Jonas and Yoko who owns the house that
we stayed in last time now the ladies
talking well yeah we have their whole
family so we're gonna head on a plate
and go check out loan book for a couple
days and I love known book so church to
another good morning and another place
and another boy yeah that was really
good so we have a couple of ideas some
projects that we're gonna check out here
you can see we can find yeah
maybe catch a wave or two probably even
be tuned to project it's perfect when
you can combine business with pleasure
yeah this is my sure exactly when
business I share that with your home yep
that's the goal when you don't need a
vacation from work no not this time
43 K but I like we can't get used to
this life that's okay
like that girl
and little buck every airport they walk
on the tarmac like this under the wind
heard the wings first time that's a good
Airport and they're just driving around
next year the kind of places we like yes
Jonah's wife and daughter and it's so
hot by the way
oh my good huh trying to seem normal oh
yeah we're gonna jump in the car we have
want to remember like 45 minutes yes
y'all go past the house and then then
we're gonna see what happens it's nice
where it's nice to tour guides cuz you
just go along and do what you're told
and usually they're good at that there
are good locals yeah super good and I
love driving around this island cuz it's
so so not super touristy yeah we like
that the older we get the more II
appreciate the local culture when I was
younger I appreciated the waves and now
was it and moped ride yeah we're mopeds
yeah every day to the Serbs you get them
open and then you get the boat yeah
let's not crash this time
like let's go you dish
Wow one of you and your cup gets to say
I'm home we love it plays Wow I don't
know if you remember seeing the the
massage I got here last time we have
some strong massage in the past Wow
welcome to your home for the next couple
days will this be okay for you Monsieur
yes Italy okay Wow Wow yeah he's
questioning well in the water
yonas was really excited he's like I
think we're gonna have some epic surf
today wow this place we were here in
November last year and we didn't have
much good weather so now seeing this in
the Sun I'm like this how it look this
is how it supposed to do morning coffee
here you know looking at the waves over
there what this is why we love Lombok
this is why I mean we're here to surf
but then your cop wants this place and
Yanis that we've been surfing but Jonas
is built that yo Capone's it and
together they bought a big piece of land
20 minutes that way mm-hmm so we're
gonna go look at that and then there's a
couple Lots here as well because I would
love to own something over here I can
understand not not hard right yeah I
wouldn't mind having one as well like
you know Bali it's nice but it's like
you can't compare it to like how not
destroyed this is I'm trying to find the
word pure how pure perfect word Wow
because a lot of people they don't know
how nice Lombok is because it's changed
so much so before it was like really bad
roads and there are some problems with
crime and stuff now that's gone but you
have like this
it'sjust Andrea the world tour continues
and today we have a stop well we have
about three days here yes not enough but
no no but there's a lot more swell now
than last time so I say we do some
stretching we check out the place and
because we've done a house tour we'll
link it below if you haven't seen the
house tour and yeah let's rest and look
and enjoy and live life and
it was this song sounds like something
that not mice it sounds like when I'm
gonna do a ripping bottom turn I'm gonna
crack the fin breaking surfing of course
you should see the amount of Stoke you
wanna I was just asking you know honest
I'm like how much energy and how stole
for you when you were younger I don't
get in surfing for yeah and he's about
as stoked as I was like when I was 18
and just started surfing and no I mean
now I'm just excited but it at least
takes me to like see a wave to get fired
up now I feel we openly but yeah we're
gonna go to what was the place called
Maui oh it sounds great forty minute
moped ride no time oh barrels I mean
I've seen barrels like this yeah I've
seen on TV you know never seen real but
I think we've got everything yeah you
ready ready ready takes floor Lombok
really
it fell them like perfectly flat
checking yeah it's a test test before
the ride
welcome to Maui Beach what if antastic
right you were holding yourself for like
that oh yes 30 years earlier
oh yeah whole new world you guys
inspired it's like really really really
low tide really shallow but it looks
pretty darn epic oh yeah but normally
you paddle from here no way that's all
right
oh look at this guy he's coming yes drop
in we have to go faster all behind it is
size e
barrels are you feeling ready I'm not
feeling good it's good to get a couple
butterflies get out of your comfort zone
and see geofence
half neighbors have super happy and you
bitch breaks they're so nice welcome to
nice little Sam
funny yep we have to like try to
reschedule things we need to find more
beautiful places to shoot with the vlog
this is not cutting it Benny
we forgot the word
okay I have an idea we are not allowed
to leave the water until we catch the
last wave together yes shoot all right
group effort that's what it's all about
we we get pummeled bloody sits together
and we crushed together yes they could
be dark before we get one together yeah
Eddie okay go go Vinny's really need to
wave
I'm gonna keep we're gonna end the vlog
we're gonna keep this ending really
short because I only have one thing to
say and that is that today it's what
life is all about like taking this moped
through like this amazing landscape to
go surfing on a world-class incredible
wave and then driving back looking at
the Stars and the moon and like yeah
moon rising in Milky Way it does not get
any better no but now we are pretty
tired
we got three or four hours in the water
yeah ended to two hours on the moped in
total and if you're gonna hate on the
fact that we don't have a helmet on we
didn't have any otherwise we would yeah
how scared shitless on the whole thing
you're like it's okay no but um yeah I
guess we always say incredible day but
that was really an incredible thing yeah
but now that's all I have to say now
we're just gonna see if we can point the
camera towards the stars so you can see
what we see and then we'll check back
and see if we're gonna buy a house here
build a house buy some laughs why not I
don't see a reason not to wait Salomon
Mullen some
the Yuba yes yes was right
seven minam some bu ba Norfolk dojo
