and good morning good morning today
we're trying something new
we are just arriving too soon or where
we're gonna take the boat to Nusa
Lembongan explore that Island I think
it's gonna be really nice because we
brought the defense Rob s the master
housing and we're gonna go just live the
island life you know what I'm thinking
you know I'm thinking that Yanni's gonna
kill us when she sees this business no
sir no we were like we're just gonna go
to Bali in syrup like when you're at
Fashion Week we can just surf every day
but then Carolina Chandra just like God
why upon us is Billa so you got yes 1
million expensive to go on the boat
thank you thank you I was gonna say the
Carolina Chandra
she's like a funky guys the villainess
on the boy you've got to go check it out
like oh okay and here we are like doing
everything that Yanni loves to do and
explore and snorkel like sorry honey
we'll come back soon yeah good I have
something that's even more vocal
shut up the name the clothes yeah it's
like predecessor directly yeah looks
like you liked it but it is pretty good
yeah got to get my rifle fix so this bag
was actually created for the huge knife
community Luke that's that's why it's so
fun to make bags just use bags all the
time then you come up with things you
features for and now fluffy this word
because they wouldn't have been on one
you ready to get wet hopefully we're
like even wait
there we go got a big story
now we have arrived to the home for
tonight and it's looking like it could
be a pretty decent one you know that
when you see the ocean through the front
door Wow no way Wow Wow
hello everyone Wow and the pool what
Oh how many bedrooms it'd be big enough
for us yeah we should bring some know
what you just like wake up in the
morning I like jump in here like that's
insane
the villa that has the best location
that I've ever stayed up barely believe
it and you have like bathroom with like
ocean views over there I'll do a quick
what that's your bath here's my morning
bath workplace I can just check out no
way oh it's gonna be a no way yes was
you can like sit down on the toilet in
like third of you I kind of thought that
yani would kill us but now I'm sorry I'm
sorry again what a place yes yes yes no
way no it's like you're right to this
island and you're so close to Bali but
it's like it's a totally different
temple here it's a relaxation
Thank You Caroline oh yeah I was saying
I thought my girlfriend was gonna kill
me now for sure you're dead
yeah I mean this is just a surf trip
like we're just here looking at the
house we actually didn't stay here but I
still have my favorite part is still
here come check this out I think we can
maybe have a morning coffee or dinner
here wow that's the things that Krista
gets to it with like exploding wave
right at the bottom like morning coffee
and like couple emails here then life is
good she's like yeah unreal
100% incredible and the plan right now
is that we're just gonna change out of
our sweaty shirts and go see if we can
see some manta rays yeah is that it's
the one goal we have on this island we
want to see man Teresa swim with them
and use our snorkeling skills
you ready for some men time you think
there's some mental tear down votes I
have no idea what to expect like big
fishes are scary fishes all the water is
smoke clear lumen one
may they be easy to find it wouldn't be
a challenge now we look for new place
okay okay while we wait for months up
yeah that would don't feel sick
you had to be so quick it was like dog
foods would you up straight at the water
of course he has ethnicity she come back
flipper we came out to see the Monta but
I mean how fun would it be to see a
month if you can just roll straight up
to it if you don't see a matzo does this
are just as good to me
I heard Montes putting there maybe maybe
we should jump in
Oh tired it's so insane yeah
that is like checkbooks over check and
super check that is a good way to put it
like I was about to drown I was so tired
but it was like we're gonna continue to
trace the bantha a month I can no more
month I'm too tired again look at my
feet low weight blisters blisters I just
needed to continue okay I'm gonna go
back of course Benny's like that is one
of the sickest things I've ever got to
do just the peacefulness it's our wheel
but it's like all that diving within the
pool does not help to get you in shape
for ocean diving like it's like I'm
swallowing water there's whitewash waves
coming in a 2-month oh I see them in
there
okay two-month okay but the recipe can
we go closer with both yeah okay I don't
see scary it's almost scary because
they're just like good next to you but
they're just like yeah it's like an
unreal feeling
yeah you're like oh no no no like it's a
joint it should be punished me when I
realize there was another one next to me
and that was good
haha that is so say I got like I was
like whoa there's another one okay how
many do you think it deserves like five
a big huge five one two three four five
high five
thank you ran thank you so much yeah
yeah so cool hey that was a brother
we had the best guy
ready for another adventure yes always
ready for adventure
are you hungry I am hungry for food and
experiences they were kind enough to let
us borrow this guy we must have the
biggest car on like the island
electronic golf off-road golf car this
is gonna be the replacement of Jorge am
i dumb figured it out feel super weird
to drive this thing boss player car yes
quick bit of bite to eat before we head
out yes launched on Sandy Bay watch I
mean this place you have the sand beach
chill everything but now we are ready to
explore
both on the ground golf cart trespassing
oh this is parking for us it doesn't
look like this mini golf cars here right
here does that feel good
does that feel like centered and nice so
apparently we're gonna cross this yellow
cool bridge and we're not allowed to
take the golf course so we're gonna try
to find it right on the other side we're
kind of low on cash though we should
have brought more cash well see well
we'll see what happens we're kind of on
a freestyle adventure mission this
afternoon it's really nice not to have a
plan but just like find cool stuff or
what do you think Benjamin Wow I got to
practice my Wow Wow yes they'd have to
come from deep within okay yellow bridge
how does penny sell yellow bridge yellow
bridge hello last time I came here it
was so thin now it's bigger yeah because
it like just broke down during one
ceremony hey let's go check it out yeah
we have to cross it walking and then we
will figure out the way that's what he
said and the new yellow bridge oh no we
were told that we could find bikes in
the other side of the yellow bridge but
we can fit
no but I'm kind of thinking that we
should maybe cruise back because I think
the sunset at the Villa might be
absolutely incredible yes and so instead
of us walking through the jungle can try
to find a moped
Wow this whole new Nusa Lembongan we
love you like I can't believe we have
not been here more before it's like so
close to Bali and yet so different
mm-hmm and I'm sure a few of those so
you who was interested in filming was
kind of thinking what was that last shot
like from the car taking what today we
were playing around with the spark a
little bit because it's fun you can just
fly kind of flight and like flying to
thinks and it's fine
yes so I'm kind of impressed like we've
been having fun playing with this thing
and sometimes actually at good shots
answer to your question if you're
wondering but now I think we've had a
long day we've had an epic day we've
seen manta rays we have seen cool places
the cool people and like great stuff yes
I say that we should just end with some
beautifulness here from Nusa Lembongan
and i can deeply recommend to go air and
if you want to know that the place we're
staying it I'm gonna find it and put it
in the link the description below mm-hmm
so yeah like we don't usually recommend
that many places but this is like in the
top three of all time recommendations so
yeah like it's up here for me believe
one yeah epic so let's just end with
that and we're gonna say I wish it was
better pronouncing but I hope you can
forgive me
sampai jumpa from New Salamanca yes
