eleven hours of sleep no way you must
feel brand-new like this not yet at a
coffee in that I'll feel brand-new yeah
but that was the best sleep I've had in
like three months
a lot of pleasure to wake up here yes no
I won't go excited outlook about finals
like ooh check your storybook it looks
really got a 5/3 I'm like just a little
snooze a nice smooth a couple times
oh great look at this it's getting ready
I'm so excited I think we have wait
that's a great thing oh yeah oh what a
morning
yes what a morning what a great more
amazing amazing morning I haven't been
that happy I mean have been happy so
many times wait you're pretty happy a
lot yeah french toast get ready and the
breakfast is served
thank you so much and cheers Cheers and
good morning mmm you have to try mine
try mine
yeah that's tomorrow you don't like
papaya but this is the mango papaya
oh it's smooth no smooth like but I love
my orange juice
ready I think we are I think we have
everything yes it is time to stop living
like luxury life it's time to get a
moped yeah and I keep all the unsaved
and go surfing we're gonna go meet up
with Jonas mm-hmm I think people have
seen him on the vlog from Lombok he is
the one that built the villa were
staying and then I'm looking at real
estate with but he's also a great surf
guy yes so step one is to go me to meet
with him I can't talk today I get my
boards because I think he has some on my
board but but too much sleep makes me
weird but let's go write him up yes ride
moped I'm kind of nervous
see you Villa see you me too me too
nice let's see let's see how our moped
skills are oh yeah pretty much
driving is okay well last time I crushed
with Yanni so hey Ernie yeah but now he
should be safe yeah I think I know where
we're going I memorized the map okay
that's our life goal when you're safe
life is boring
Bali's way more fun than with mopeds
hello nice to meet you master and are
there blood yeah oh and we got a great
night's sleep so we are energized and
ready to serve that little body surfing
yes but first some more food sound good
yeah we had a nice breakfast this
morning this white van and we love
mopeds
yeah and some local nasi goreng in a
local choice enjoy well enjoy
I concede Oh since winning winning lunch
eating yeah that's the beauty of hanging
out with locals so you know where to go
you wanna sleep there for 30 years so he
knows the place pretty good 30 years
that's you look ready epic you see a
helmet yeah I love the helmet I feel
safe now it's time to go get some boards
and put them on the scooters I see kids
think is this one yeah it must be like
plenty yeah you know my memory my
organizational skills
I wasn't 100% sure it's like Christmas
because I don't know what's in here oh
this one is actually really fun
oh and then the bigger one well this is
one is written you yeah it's pretty no I
bought it in Australia took it to Hawaii
took it to Europe and then took it back
here which one is the biggest this one
this one's better but that one has quite
a bit of volume as well perfect
so that'll be you I think you're gonna
be yeah energy so you I'm tuned into
this but I think both trivia very good
though ready
all right let's try not to crash and die
on the way
can you put your foot down oh yeah I
can't put my foot down
oh yeah you can oh so you know everyone
about I'm gonna crash him
the biggest cause of injury of like
getting even for
writing it's nice good contrast from
business Emirates to movement writing
realize you got to get a reality check
in order to appreciate yes I am we
always do but I appreciate this there
were simple people yes
today we were they chips
sometimes I was thinking maybe I'm
really lucky because that was about you
touch it and it didn't fit you were like
we used to always do morning surf
they're like walk down to the beach runs
completely dark Wow oh this is more like
it
I used to come here like 10 15 years ago
walk down the beach here like when it's
completely dark
grab the boats out to put the reef so
we're going to take one of those boats
on the beach you think about you all
right from the people and it's not -
well yeah I expect that or win yeah me
too easy you have to paddle to the boat
so you can involve core and paddle okay
but the bags are filled up with stuff
put the bag on the board swim home for
the bust
there's drone then phone and hope for
the best what's life without a little
risk yeah nothing this is like really
safe compared to having it in your
backpack while driving a moped
oh yeah see in order to make a good ball
you gotta always risk your equipment
here's coming I think you can make it
yeah we got to get the shot
and I control myself with my bag I hope
there's no waste cover then we have a
problem
at this one
this is a smart camera Hendley the cage
find the water camera yeah Wow no
problem
my leg was in the water
yeah
everybody all right nobody got no to be
here I'm on a boat with the two most
surf stuff people in the entire world
when do you want it right back modern Oh
what is the dark 7 hours perfect yes all
right let's grab a couple GoPros go have
fun and just serve and we have no
sunscreen by the way so we're really a
read on the next vlog and that's the
degrading that's just the same we're
like oh we need sunscreen offense
Oh
I said just one more and then I'll
paddle to the boat and you get one
yes they're back
little squirrel they're so fast oh here
they come it Larry oh yeah all the way
to Oh jumping we're just out of hair
like we got it for surfing where you
could look at it squirrels for like ten
minutes
fascinating but yeah we had a pretty
mellow surf session it wasn't it wasn't
the biggest of days but anyway any day
that you're on a board is a good day but
it's the perfect first thing yeah I was
a good warm up
nobody they were still like and the
difference like see when you come in
hang out with guys like you own us you
take the boat out and you surf out there
you're alone that compared to being on
the beach it's like it's two different
worlds I used to like every morning I
would take this boat out when it's dark
when we're in Bali back in the day so
you walk over here it's like completely
dark when you take the boat and then it
gets more and more bright so thank you
you on us for yeah thank you you're the
perfect guys thank you a good start now
we just have to survive the milk put
right back oh yeah like a shallow reef
surfing it's like the the safe part of
the day compared to the stupid right
look this clears back I know
let me open you the watery then you can
drink a bit more watch out it's coming
enjoy little squirrel
mr. Steve anymore okay enough squirrel
watching I think that we just would make
a quick transition back home and focus
on driving yes we made it alive which is
the challenge people are crazy
yeah I'm driving like the same let me
kill this thing I'm driving like full
intensity like feeling like I'm on a
dirt bike track like and then I'm like
look over and I see an old lady with her
friend on the back no helmets don't know
that yeah I would want to say that bolli
on the moped is a lot more exciting than
bullying a car so sick I feel like you
have the experience of today I have the
experience of today was was driving this
moped moped oh yes right I'm so bad
there we go yeah moped in valleys just
like so much fun if you make it arrives
yeah and then finding her where
everything looks so much the same I
thought I knew what where I was ten
times and then like and then I just
aimed for the Sun I'm like that should
be the water
oh not much change but still good
looking still quiet yes
okay we were gonna shoot going to dinner
and like all this stuff but then we were
just gonna rest a little after moped and
surfing and then we woke up now and it's
about midnight so no dinner and no
exciting something else so all we can do
now when it's dark out and we're gonna
try to sleep some more is to end the
vlog yes
because we've had a great day that moped
riding was like it's the most probably
the highest risk of injury of all the
crazy stupid things we've done in the
last six months yeah but that's what
made it really fun so yeah we're just
gonna say some pie umm pot and hopefully
we'll have more energy tomorrow night or
we're gonna just like sort of skip the
endings and the vlogs here yeah ChaCha
we'll see you soon we have lots of like
fun expeditions here yes there's a
lizard crawling ah sorry nevermind but
yeah we have lots of more fun things
lots of exploring around different
things so check back in two days and we
will see you guys soon see you today
