welcome to town we could be lucky but we
need a bit of luck
and it is that first good morning from
Japan on skis and I've got my favorite
one and only vlogger here it's so nice
bucket and Benny on the lift behind us I
love those high hype level is high
however the major snowfall that we hope
for didn't really happen because it's
been warm so that means very little snow
here at the bottom but what some lock it
could still be good up top so that is
really what we are hoping a lot for so
we're gonna go to the top and check it
out and either way it's a great day
we're all skis among fronts and you know
life is good
today why do I feel like a Linga Linga
and we are up here and the big storm we
hope for it did not arrive but it is
kind of beautiful with the Sun out we
have like 20 centimetres up here yep
it's all at 20 so we're we're just gonna
drop in have fun and it's gonna keep
someone so we're all good
stopa meter
don't follow me
you're not going that way
ah
oh no one where to go when you're not
where you're not supposed to be crucial
cannot go down gotta get up it's free
cough I'm coming so and I'm trying to
just get out of this little mess oh go
left right puts you're in the creek
okay so last night's snowfall did not
live up to the expectations and I think
it's better that we spit straight to
tomorrow because it's no supposed to
keep on falling and we want to show you
some true Japanese powder so while these
guys make it out of the riverbed we are
gonna spend straight to hopefully a
kickass powder day okay try it again
I see if we Bombur see what's up right
yeah
and that is just the bottom that
cleaned up between upwards
say there was you remember now yeah say
control
new zero
okay so we realized that the top lift is
probably not gonna open so we are trying
to go around the system and find
whatever it's the best to be found today
but it is a full snowstorm out here
which means the back of that is gonna be
incredibly awesome what to do opens up
but we're pretty cold all of us we're
not really dressed accordingly now we
should hike try to find some goodies
still so nice to be out in the mountain
though
so what I'm thinking what do you think
it is that is a whole bunch Ski Patrol
so we should probably wait here so not
open today yeah maybe maybe yeah yeah
maybe know over baby no yeah could you
tell us up there yeah fantastic
yeah but it's so good to go like this
yeah to ski yeah go on the Traverse yeah
yeah then that's what we're gonna do
we're gonna look for the Traverse well I
say we go on they define some terms they
said we couldn't hike hike the top but
we can go like this I was sure when he
was coming with the snowmobile oh my god
no we're getting into problems that we
now know that whenever we get toward
want to be there's a lot of snow
you got it Betty plus ten meters I know
fat camp
2018 good so we realized god this is so
every earn every single camera huh but
we realized that there is nothing epic
that you could just give those to be
able walking for 25 minutes now but now
I think we're gonna get the epic and
buddy's mustache the mustache is coming
for you it's just first time oh the
question is is there worth that the hike
no question
it turns out that if you search a bit
and walk a bit you can find the goodies
so I think there's only one thing we can
do and it's to go back up there and do
it again
I don't know
know what border would do yeah okay no I
think I can relax a little because we
flew all the way to Japan with one
single goal and that was the ski really
deep powder checkbox
claim in it it was fantastic that was
the best skiing I think I've ever had
like straight up it doesn't really have
to be any better for okay with that so
good anymore on we'd be dead so with
that we are just gonna end the vlog
because if this is what they call an
average ski day in Japan then first of
all they're crazy but it also means we
should get some good sleep and get
rested and ready for tomorrow
ya know so as you see look at this it is
snowing more and more and more so that
is a quick goodnight from Japan and
we'll be back with more hype Ignace I
love this no but you and dude you forgot
to tell everyone to go back to my
channel
oh he said he wanted to use it for his
ending yeah of course check out Warner's
channel below
Duncan was that good enough that was
sick
hey I'm thanking you
