good morning from nice Airport today
it's time to start traveling again
unfortunately meet and miss your take
we're gonna go over to Terminal one and
jump on the a380 with Emirates yes and
you were gonna go to Stockholm we're so
kind that we jump up here yeah a
sandwich we never say no to those so
yeah that's how we're gonna start our
day and we're gonna end our day in Bali
so it'll be a long day but I've never
seen the upstairs bar at the a380 no
it's a chequebook stay I hope yeah
hopefully they didn't change the flight
you never know I would have a good
assumption thing but always first
everyone Airport outfit yes well now
you've finally checked in we have some
technical difficulties come on because
we entertain more we have the better
setup we're going to Bali and then from
Bali straight to New York for Fashion
Week so we can spin over to the other
terminal so we can make out in peace
with our camera yeah and that's a show
say goodbye ciao guys for a few days or
for a few long you back in New York
no Justin that's the one that's the one
had your supper
we're gonna be upstairs I've been an
a380 once before yeah me too and it was
really nice but I figured today why not
do a little review of the business
fights I've seen on YouTube though
that's like a really popular thing mhm I
think as a youtuber maybe we should do
the same
yeah we should get interesting but of
course this is not a paid commercial no
or anything we both think it's straight
out so you don't have to worry about
that it will be true review yeah we're
really good at that yeah first we're
gonna go check out the lounge yes
so yeah I mean we're so positive we're
just gonna say that everything's great
good food good people this is impulsive
review
Everts mrs. Coste hello lounge little
door No thank you mister myself but if
he comes it yeah tell them they don't
have animation that's the time that's a
- yeah big - for you
no blaze know by nouns my thank you
round was good lounge omit that it was
quiet than chill yeah but it wasn't over
the top so I guess we'll get back to
lounge things in Dubai I think that's
more it'll make it more justice doesn't
seems to be able to fight every time I
see a giant airplane I'm like how can
that piece of metal fun look at the
wings and the back wing okay everybody
who loves Benny's enthusiasm like
everything look someone commented let's
make a contest and Counting how many
thirty seven times for something yes yes
I just love it it's like it reminds me
to really appreciate it yeah which I
think we are going to yes this is going
to be a yes hello business I'm going for
a business meeting who doing a surf and
business at the same time
but firms EV inference first first-time
boarding second floor of a plane yeah
first I know have a safe flight
Wow and look it's massive hello mr.
Ortega this is wonderful I've never seen
such huge it's like the whole second
floor of all you have tried first in the
front mr. Winnick but it's good I've
never seen the emirate business before
but it's like it's okay yeah I think
it's a good beginning
this is yeah good motivation to keep
working or would say yeah but what do
you think
nope everything's perfect thank you so
much thank you wow that's that's okay
far the best life welcome to a plane
ever
she was so clean I love her
fun comparable another airline so far
love you Amy we should just fly for yeah
they're just like waiting to come back
and then so now we're finding to buy
than Dubai Bali and then Bali / New York
New York nice and then when we were
we're in Monaco for like five days and
then we fly Monaco Frankfurt Frankfurt
San Francisco San Francisco Frankfurt
Frankfurt nice so we have a bit of
flying get there nine nice business in
the moon you know we got to keep up the
production value if we're gonna keep
spending like this we should do more
collaborations and stuff like that's not
really our
since the movie
this one please
I feel kind of thirsty yeah we should go
to the bar now I think we'll do that
later I think I'll just grab something
out of the minibar here
just dig Newton thank you thank you
it's about free
this ship made so hard to break
it's so hard
such an issue second to pick up
sneaking that drink based on paid
thank you thank you so much fresh sod
fresh from meats yes
couldn't be better
perfect both
thank you so much I'm so bummed this
fight song was so
I think we need to film this I think you
get the point the food's pretty good
yeah then we're done
you're James
I mean you've got an open Monica that
will cost you like seven eight hundred
bucks this is as good so you're saving
like seven eight hundred bucks I'm gonna
go at the bar
yes
did you like America sir yes
enjoy
I'm here so speech
but the pleasure such a huge business
yes look at this enjoy the rest of the
journey yeah thank you so much Wow guess
we'll have to make some better videos so
we can upgrade definitely yeah
Pelton inhale TV Wow that's the only
word I have to describe that flight Wow
yes it but it was like normally
traveling it's like you know you
traveled but this was like an experience
and I mean okay so with 20 years of
traveling 300 days per year of course
not everything in business but quite a
bit it's interesting to compare and like
all the airlines I've flown there here
this is like up here really oh look at
this look at what the fighter that that
gave us look at that they came up with
this little thing surprise so they saw
me like camera so they snapped a
Polaroid and then wrote a nice little
note so we're like both sleeping the
Sleeping Beauty's it was the friendliest
yeah it's like you know the seats
they're you know they're good they're
about the same as other airlines but the
service and the people and that was like
it's like you come into the nicest 12
star hotel you've ever been to with
friends we're saving you yeah it was the
service that made the whole difference
oh yeah nothing and that was epic so
conclusion so far out of this world say
I was just looking over and we are
already about to board our next flight
so no time to check out the lounge in
Dubai which we'll do on the way back to
New York but I say we go and check out
the next flight yes all right
so the only problem I found with with
this flight was that it was just way too
short and the only problem this layover
is that it's way too short or not at the
time that you got the help we didn't
have a shower never had those kind of
problems before no it's a bit mean yeah
I think I think you guys see it enough
flying for today you see this I think
we'll survive another nine hour flight
to Bali so we I say we just head
straight to Bali
yes hello welcome to Bali view Sierra
Texas couple signs up here we're trying
to find them
they can't get off the flight your ayats
are tired and then you have to redo like
3000 signs John Oh Oh soon yes John all
soon yes yes all right listen you how
are you good good
home away from home away from home like
home when I come here oh yeah it's very
nice next level of nice hmm the kitchen
we have far too much space as you can
see so there's any girls in Bali
today it's a company you can come Wow
next thing this is nice
oh yes on high fives for people that
hate high fives we haven't done one
today no haven't and we could have
two minutes six a month good summer
no now we don't know maybe it means
something completely different means I
hate you I love you mmm such a good
combo with baking a pineapple let's see
the master bedroom won't spill down the
slippery in the bathroom no way second
bedroom the master oh no oh yes hello
hello and the third room in case the
shower yeah hello yes yes yes oh yes yes
it's super insanely approved yes I'm not
a bad travel agent right no it's so far
this trip I feel like I've delivered but
I have had some help
mm-hmm before I forget so I booked
tickets for like so many years online on
all different sites and like China like
I've gotten pretty good at finding good
stuff but then about a month ago I was
looking through Instagram and I saw on
what cherish account giant watch account
that he was like thanks the flight King
for helping me booked these tickets I'm
like what is this I went on there and it
seemed like the guy was finding you know
the good discount prices enemity I'm
like hey fi a lot like you mind helping
me out he's like yeah of course so he
helped us booked this trip and what he
found was better flights with shorter
connections and better at lines better
everything but about half the price of
what I found
no wait half the price yeah like I'm
like where do you find this stuff so if
you are in need to book a business or
first
long-haul flight he's truly the way to
go like
we are not getting paid in any way to
say this like we use him like any normal
person wouldn't but I know how hard it
is to find good tickets so I really want
to spread the word so you have all the
info below now and then well I mean you
saw our trip super thanks to the super 1
million thank you so I think how we're
good travel team I runs lodging and like
this stuff any books tickets yeah he
should doing you know who killed the
team overkill airline booking agent yes
but now Benny doesn't know how to relax
he's gonna try for 3 minutes and then
well they're not as handsome before
this is like a really good song for
right now because I am kind of really
super tired we were planning on me out
maybe we'll go for a sunset surfing I
might know just trying to stay awake to
kill the jetlag but now we're here and I
think we've had a pretty much a fate
five-star travel day mm-hmm so I think
it's a good time to end today's vlog and
we will come back strong tomorrow
morning we're gonna go rent mopeds and
go surfing and you know go back to
basics which i think is gonna be good
cuz we can't get used to this like
luxury living maybe we can still live
here that's okay but it's time to go
crushed by some waves yeah and we
started this vlog what like 40 hours ago
so I'm sorry for my conclusion today
it's really slow yeah it's just C do
that one more time and I think with that
I think we can say senpai you BA yes I
think I got it halfway correct I'll work
on it for tomorrow we are stoked to be
in Bali so join us for the next few
vlogs here it's gonna be awesome
but now the bed's gonna be even more
awesome so
