Wow lot thanks today yes good morning
morning from Arabia monocle yeah what is
going on it's so good but then it's good
to start in the morning with a bunch of
packages we have so many today I think
it's like a really good folks opening
day today a lot of things I don't know
what it is if they know this they know
this they don't notice they know more
than I do
yeah what about this guy yes I know what
this is you know what this is not a lot
of things nice Japanese ceramic knives
he's got the ceramic knife in the back
of his pants Oh who's ready for books
opening you know oh yes I was like when
are you gonna ask me say good morning
sorry if we forgot about you young Jenny
overkill mode activated again we had a
pre-production unit and it wasn't there
was a couple pre-production things in it
1,000% set up for Bali
but you know how much I loved them I saw
like we bought these like massage robots
yeah
no cord no way battery yep so they saw
that a full life so the I was using them
and they're like don't you hate cords
I'm like I hate more cords more than
booms thank you
oh yeah you guys can fight it out for
this guy and then here we have something
very very very interesting look at this
this is a bed cover filled with balls oh
yeah
and the whole thing is I think it's 7 or
10 kilos what and I think I've told you
guys but I sleep so bad like some nights
I'll fall asleep at 6 and its really
annoying not to be able to sleep and
then my brother said he had talked to a
friend of his that had one of these
blanket well she said that this was a
lifesaver for her it's like the weight I
guess like and I remind you of being in
the belly and you relax so cuz you're
not when you have a thick heavy cover it
like
feels really nice but it's way too warm
so here you have the balls with the
weight without getting the temperature
from it it'll be super super intra I'll
give you a review on it later but if you
have a hard time sleeping I think this
is really good next one make one damn
good night it's for everyone like a
special sword I Kaku system pineapple oh
you like it
yeah well body surfing yes they're like
cool I love the thing that's from
was--what alright thanks a lot for you
you can my couple goals I love this
second drawer to open that bad thing no
way you have like 50 kilos of beginnings
I loved the surfing one that's the one I
really wanted look at this one wow
California surfing guys timing couldn't
be better
yeah if I'm sweating it's because it's
freaking mega yeah I'm sure like yeah oh
yeah
Houston here's the my one yes job some
team overkill from cord this from
Ziggler boards yes oh yeah but you can
borrow it if you yeah you don't have to
skateboard and that's mine fully black
Benjy whoever has seen Entourage when
they're really stoned and looking for
the dog Benji Benji the dog Thank You me
club boards oh yes okay stupid me like I
actually had a skateboard when I was
younger but do you know how to ride it
of course I had well
nobody you're gonna choice in Kingston I
used to skateboard - yes but you were
like good I have done Eris and a burr
trap yeah and 360 flips 360 flip
downstairs oh yeah
downstairs yeah I mean stairs yeah but
then I think I just ended up like
break-in my body so I wish I'd walks
back then imagine how much like fun
things I would have had on video if we
started like vlogging way earlier you
know you're just like sitting down and
opening books yeah babies like the
shoebox opening yes yes wow that's a lot
of things equipment for like snorkeling
and everything look at this professional
thing and this is oh wow that's my thing
prepare no issue what we've been trying
to find a shop in Monaco in Marbella
that sells like good dive stuff and we
haven't found one Tucson Tucson well let
you know how they work if they enable us
to break records that is a bit better
than don't be like this thank you yeah
like a light shoot so we can go out here
in the fall from VP skin BP spin
waterproof knitter hey guys
waterproof and I think we should and the
books opening because that was a lot of
things so we're gonna take a little
break and we will be right back
I was about to start breaking then I
realized no no that's unsafe er then
just going for it
so little solo mission for miss mr.
Olsen and miss uni because a lot of
stuff is like happening that we haven't
really talked about because we are going
to the notary sign a power of attorney
because there's some new developments in
housing stuff so I've got to take care
of the paperwork even though we hate
paperwork but exciting things as soon as
everything is finished we'll keep you
posted
sorry for secrecy do you remember where
the car is seriously so we have we're
here at the notary I'm not so successful
William apparently need to bring the
paper yeah but I don't care if she here
it's like the reception is no I don't
think we are coming back no no because
we need to find a different one long
story short the receptionist told tells
us we have to come with the paper you
have to co-sign them and we're like but
what about the printer next to you just
like no hundred euros to pray to papers
I said 500 but I don't want to see but
it's like people that say no with no
reason and I'm no wish to like make
things work so I just that's like why
just can you tell me why just because I
need to know no I can't if it's one
thing that pisses me and Yaya fits like
unreasonable people that have no yeah
tell us why like we can't print yeah I
like oh yeah the printer sitting right
next to us it's just like if to go find
the printer
I'm like it's monocle it's not that
simple that was not what I
okay we should we should probably say hi
properly I was so like now we're calm
again no more now we're gonna go do have
some fun instead of like being
frustrated of no sayers when no sayers
are saying no we're gonna go drive G 4x4
instead it's when life works against you
you just go the other direction you know
but that's still secret yes that's why
we had to bleep that out of the editor
now I can finally know what it's like to
drive one of those things I like that
there's only one car that's in the
inside the fence nice to meet you nice
to meet you
Oh Luc does the first girl I seen cry
yeah I'm like white what you crying
there at thank you
should we spend straight to Mercedes run
out see what I see I see oh there it is
it's kind of perfect going directly from
this guy so we get a true feeling to see
how it is to drive this compare that the
G I think I know which one's gonna be
more
already this one yeah you're looking
comfy back there it's hard to beat a
roll sing comfort but life is about
trying new things
yeah that number plate looks a little
beat up weights that next to it here the
hood is to your shoulders but then and
then you put on like wheels that are
like this big bigger yeah these are like
the street racing wheels I have this
other ones that have looked at 40 inch
tires before we talk about tires we
should probably just test drive it and
like see if it feels good
it's got to feel right we have some
plans for what's going on in there as
well there's so many different things
you can do to it that's the difficult
part you know what the best part about
this car is you can hit every curb you
want you can never damage their ends not
with the other tires sure
I gotta say though like first impression
jumping in I really liked it yeah they
look like for the record like Yanni
couldn't care less if it was a Volvo
from 84 or a Ferrari but you do seem
yeah yeah the golf cart but you do seem
to like the jeez enjoy the ride yes Wow
last time you came on a test-drive ended
up getting it so yeah I mean more power
less weight that's so I think so my
brother said a good name for this car
would be haunts Hunt's Lord hunts the G
Lord hands to the G I like that yeah
giant and just like yeah yes because
this is a laurent car lord hands the G
fever alright see so to see you let's be
saying yeah I flip her over
I have to jump down now
so highway approved I am so surprised
you have a bit of wind sound from the
shape of the car but generally it's way
way better on the highway than I would
have expected but just that vibration of
the the engine even stock you have this
like really unique sound that is
impressive to be stopped another benefit
of the G 4x4 you have a total view of
Monaco because you're sitting high
enough to actually see everything you
owe your money on all these roads you
only see like a tiny bit you always need
a tunnel shot for a car and that is 420
horsepower stock so you imagine you
double the horsepower you remove a bunch
of pouring sound absorbing things then
you do that you have a piece we're back
should we jump down get a parachute
yeah skydiving time see you yep and you
even jump down on the curb yeah that was
unexpected Wow
okay so before today I was just kind of
guessing that I wanted one of these
now I know I want one it's like you can
try different cars you can get people's
opinions and all this but in the end it
just matters if you feel it mm-hmm I
really feel it yeah because I also see
the mission because I remember here
here's a quick shot of what it looks
like when George left the showroom
and then that's George and that was not
a big build and then imagine the same
transformation on this it'll still be a
four by four but it'll be a lot more fun
well I guess what remains is some
negotiation in there behind closed doors
so you thank you so much for now I can
maybe sleep again okay thank you thank
you so close from saying bye to George
no it is well I mean I love George doors
that is one thing that will never is
hard to beat okay there are two
different cars and I guess new things
always exciting yeah and the good thing
is that if you have a car you try
something else and you decide that you
like whatever you had better you can
always go back yes you lit one so you
should always just try things when you
look like this we haven't bought it yet
but it's a negotiation on pricing I
think we're gonna grab some food and
then we should go work out yes I'm wait
testing the backpack it's filled with
weights and it's really heavy I mean he
knows do you have I don't know like a
lot of it but yeah we're testing
shoulder straps to make sure that there
it got dark really quick we were like
just fixing couple things and I go we
should work out and bam it got dark but
we are down here we're keeping the
energy up and I think it's good that we
are three people working out because if
it was just me I would not be on the
beach I'm like tired from walking with
this this reminds me of the good old
days when we used to pick millions of
litres of blueberries and then carry
them back home and sell them so we could
afford to go skiing and here we are
looking at gee classes in Monaco 15
years later thank you mom and dad for
telling me you can do anything
you just have to not see the problems
nicely yeah look at this if it was this
wouldn't be here if it wasn't for middle
barracks thanks blueberries I think this
is gonna take a while to go through all
of this you get the point we're gonna do
a heavy workout we're gonna watch
beautiful Monaco sunset and then we're
gonna be really sweaty and tired mm-hmm
yes and so I say that we just put the
camera over there quick little time lap
and then
goodnight like travel and stuff like tow
after or no no now good that was about
to finish their channel like I'm done
finished
see you guys in two days oh yes
yeah I did write tonight yeah we will
see you on the way to the airport next
time we are gonna try out the Emirates
business class with the bar Norwegian
normal flight oh no you know one day
maybe you'll get there
