good morning good morning for a monocle
we are back home here again we're with
the nice weather we have miss Yun Eid
good morning welcome back
you're missing a deep yeah did it wrong
it's so many people that think Yami its
name it's you need just because it's
Yanni Deller Yanni be at Instagram yes
if anyone's wondering it's yummy but we
are back here
I missed this little thing girl only a
humble days away but since we have kind
of we have been showing Yanni a little
bit what we've been doing the last 48
hours as you could probably guess there
was not much emails going on so we're
gonna get to a bunch of emails and like
get serious again and while we do that I
figured you guys can check out a little
bit from the event and then we will
check back in like an hour
all these cars have between 700 and 12
on horsepower it's like this excites me
worry more than a regular Ferrari
my ears are boy
that's our boy that is the carbon drove
down
but now I say that we kicked things off
and just enjoy a lot of burning rubber
smoke and loud cars sniffing car parts
flying off from the concrete
pretty sick right let's you know I've
done events in the past and why I really
love this event is because I loved the
way they've looked at drifting and then
figured out how to sort of make it
easier for people that doesn't know
drifting and like it was a really well
put together event and a lot of sports
needed like start thinking new but it's
all super messy things and that oh yeah
the mayor the man was only fun he's
actually like really inspiring he does
so many things and he's crazy and smart
at the same time yes hard to find this
Georgie it's actually official last
night George was sold okay okay so
George is sold I've had a few offers for
a couple weeks since I first talked
about it but I haven't like been sure of
what to do and then I realized that I
keep thinking too much about it so I
just kind of do something so we have
almost figured out what to do after this
car we the problem is that what I want
to do usually takes like six months to
build and that cannot happen trying to
figure out how to get what I want but
make it really quick so it feels a bit
sad I mean George's he's a friend and
when I'm driving around like this it's
like it's epic I worked like your dad
yeah me it's just like you want to build
something and then like once it's
finished want to build something up but
I think we have some good plans we have
I'm gonna keep you guys posted I have an
idea to do something that I don't think
really has been ever done as always and
as always I want to keep it a little
secret because it's more fun to reveal
the idea what it's like get more
completed I know one thing that I'm not
gonna miss with George and that is
entering small garages with these 24
inch rims no no I want rims that I can
hit every single kerb the rest mr. moody
magis whoa don't get hit by the tank I'm
good what's this
but there's no space in the trunk fold
it oh yes oh yeah oh yeah on top of it
no no I'm tough Oh perfect sighs why
would you have this on the roof because
of this space for everything
the official moniker mail truck
it doesn't really fit oh yeah yeah no
yep yeah
keep on going keep on going yeah yes yes
last one yes is anyone curious I'm
pretty sure it's actually one when you
one know never use it for box opening
only for cooking my nose weirdest
anyone anyone knows what it is the logo
I do I do
we've had a couple secret meetings that
we've not you know really being able to
talk about but today we are eliminating
once you are like whoa no up step can
you flip it upside down
yes shower we are proud to present the
newest partner of team overkill yes me
Jim shark has now helped us out to make
sure that we're dressed properly when we
work out because this holidays we worked
out a lot you've seen that we have
actually gotten good at taking care of
ourselves but we have not been taking
care of the way we dress I mean I still
have some stuff from mega China so a
little bit of background story on this
whole cigar but Ken was shooting for Jim
shark and he was telling me about the
brand he's like you got to go meet up
with Bannon who's the founder of Jim
shark because he's like you need to meet
him because you're kind of the same like
you love ideas and you started a brand
and built it so I met up with Vania
this is randomly and everything and then
here we are like six months later and
we're gonna be dressed huh dope yeah
it's kind of like where it all started
we should have done this like three
weeks ago but they've been sending ups
I'm not your biggest friend so now we
finally got it which is really nice nice
can you feel this yeah here in Monaco we
go through like 70 shirts a day with the
temperature behind now I can be
perceptible again now we only have one
major issue which one oh yeah Oh control
that you know we just got to figure this
out and if you're not familiar with the
brand you have the link into description
issue so you can check stuff out yes and
it feels good to like finally have
proper stuff to wear because it's like
when I work out and I feel like I have
things that I like you know when you
feel good when you work out more fun to
work out exactly and the past I didn't
work out that much that I should so now
it's like extra motivation yes big high
five now we figure out how to sort all
this we are always ready yeah
and this is the workout spot new
workouts part of today insanely
beautiful working out at the same place
every single day so since Yanni walks
here in the morning you know she knows
the sponsor this is a perfect trigger to
be a good a good place but it was still
it's still warm in Monaco
turn around it's the warm in Monaco turn
oh yeah but nice outfit wait away yeah
for like another two minutes before it's
all a hundred percent covered in sweat
yes and then we have you know the douche
bag where you can carry mats so it's a
no skateboard we're gonna work out
because we saw that a lot of people
liked yesterday's video with all the
crazy stuff and in order to do crazy
things you need to stay in shape
yes that is what we're gonna focus on to
get our bodies Wow yummy you're so
bright yes nice that makes me feel
better because I'm like
okay we just did a super sweaty workout
well I have to hold both hands the
camera is heavy heavier today because we
did arms and I feel a lot of shape after
like three days you're not working out
look at Benny he just wants like keep
doing it like I'm like yeah yeah
so energy I can up some when we work out
we get energy yes the day after not
right away but it was good yeah it's an
amazing view
fantastic view and a great way to end a
great day yes
so she said bye or yeah I think like why
not end the day it's not gonna
nothing a more exciting can happen today
so say we entered all my bani adama' and
Xiao Xiao wow I was almost falling down
when I was looking down me neither
okay goodnight Joe Joe Joe Joe let's
climb the barge
