excuse lit hey guys
good morning good morning I think we are
about to wake up in a very serious way
come check this out
I see like straight line it's your lake
so to start we're we're in Ostersund
yes because there is a drift event
called Jim Connor drift but Ola was kind
enough to this is our host for the oh
yeah yes initially it will last me do
you want to come toast our Sun and drift
a cup of cars I'm like absolutely
because I've never been in a real drift
car yeah it's like well if you come we
should do some other fun things so if
you look here that is a snowmobile this
is built drug drive on snow on mountains
but if you look here there's anything
yes this is a rope and a floating device
and that's a lake you must really want
to sink your sled if you're letting us
do this we're gonna do the black
submarine today 100% see the best thing
about like stuff like this uh-huh it's
the only thing that gets my brain to
relax from all the other ideas I have
the otherwise it's like craziness going
on up here but if you're standing there
ready to let go on the water if you're
living right here right now
nothing is that's why we love all these
slight stupid things yes I've ever been
on a snowmobile no never I gave him a 20
percent off six City yeah that's pretty
good
I was gonna say a good time percent of
sissy
No
no way no way good luck good morning
okay your turn
yeah relaxation for idiot
all right there goes nothing
insanely nervous go for it go for it
you're insane well done I'm shaking yeah
well now I'm awake and this is the first
activity yeah we have a lot of things to
do it's time for me to give you this
you've never been on a snowmobile before
no no this is a great idea not even
behind someone we should we should
called all the more often because he has
some great ideas
do it long
it's like a terrible idea to send him
off on that thing before he knows
yeah oh yeah that was impressive
the Frenchman has talent first time yeah
that's a great job that's why Benny's a
good travel partner not afraid of
anything and up for absolutely an ad a
lot of talents all right here we go
Oh
yeah
oh the French but is crazy doesn't say
that he'll sick is it it's one of the
best thing I've tried that is how we
like to say good morning yes I still
have overtime film like I'm so impressed
though like not trying once and then
being able to do that it's just like see
that's what happens when you have crazy
friends that have crazy ideas and or
dumb enough to let us play with
something we sure can we move to Sweden
welcome to sweeter oh yes I love this
should we try to go 3-3 on this yeah
let's try two and then try three we're
not sinking
today information it's not completed
okay in three right no nothing
please record because I don't know it's
time for the world record when things
aren't difficult make it more difficult
problem so easy yeah I Drive more
passenger
then I say we go three I like a
challenge
alright
okay sorry guys be the fresh water clean
it out yeah you have to stay ready for
success yes you got to believe in
everything you do without belief there's
no chance yes
not what I expected this morning no no
me neither
first like Timothy done that's crazy
yes first time on a snowmobile first
time driving on water first time driving
two on one yeah I'd say that's a good
like measurement of talent yeah look I
would say get in we gotta like start the
next like duty activity number two for
today Wow
we have been in these before but we were
like in the really slow boring version
compared to this yes this is the turbo
right look at this oh yes I draw the cam
breaks my personal multiplication and
then here we have the track andoch I've
had a little sprinkling rain which is
nice then it's more fresh in the air mhm
so now we're gonna go have a quick look
at the track and it's one of those
things that we like here grab a helmet
enjoy the second activity for today see
ya hold on tight
it's kind of impossible to explain what
goes on when you're inside that car but
it's like usually when I'm inside if
something onto our four wheels so go
outside do it now it's a sorry oh oh
that all the whole time so it's gonna be
fun to see what Betty's things because
that was that was a bit more intense
than I expected just their petty scream
so I didn't exaggerate it is crazy but I
fit because you are driving activity and
number two approved for like increasing
the level of the daylight ready okay I'm
gonna start really slow
you just like ruin the gs5 you of young
man oh yeah yeah look at this so is it
you scared of myself it's like what the
hell man it's like and this cooler let
you about to flip it that is the scary
part yes you feel invincible but even
like that fast corner like what kind of
like playground is it good job 100%
throttle huh yeah
full gas all the time all the time yeah
all the time
yeah Benny you're losing time the lap
times really suck on this one it seems a
little off sync yeah it looks like it's
yeah I would consider that a success
because if we could have continued
driven it could be a lot bigger damage
I think the second stop was success yes
good job
yes all you got is this is Daniel by the
way he is our hero drill Oh
Oh
nobody got trickier and trickier for
every lap with deeper tracks exactly
instead of like sliding it would like I
couldn't slide okay so going Act II
super high success I think hopefully we
get to chill for a second now cuz my
brain is like no way then when your rest
time in a date there's in a helicopter
you know it's a good day you're crazy or
we're normal you're the one organizing
the schedule so yeah I mean it's good to
rest a little before we get in a drift
car with a thousand
I kind of think that team overkill needs
the chopper and a couple licenses
licenses it's something that we should
aim for it
yeah yes I wanna have put any of the
boat license - yeah but that's
everything that should be done at once
dammit there's only 24 hours in a day
although today feels like 24 efficient
hours so now we're back here we're at
the event the Gymkhana drift event here
so we're gonna check out all the course
they're gonna do a bunch of training and
who knows maybe we'll even like jump in
a seat and hit the throttle for a little
bit look at all the rubber yes I mean a
day wouldn't be complete without burning
a bit of rubber in a drift car and this
is gonna be my very first time in a real
drift car but as you can see here we've
seen fenders flying like it's the first
step for me to watch a drift event and
it's like you're steady and Fredrik is
one of the best in Scandinavia sickest
car ever a new BMW m2 with the 925
horsepower on the wheels and sequential
gearbox they're locking kit every week
full full full fully equipped for fun
it's a perfect way to end the Good
Friday I said it was maybe one of the
best yeah I didn't even check my email
once yes yes okay let's go well it's not
over yet
rock paper scissor and who goes first
- you ready to take care of him yeah I
think so
just visiting right oh yeah like I'm
super stoked to be in one of those I
mean you had like two hours of chilling
now so it's time to get like extreme
again tonight I'm gonna give this to you
yes ready all right enjoy yeah we're
gonna stalk and just drive around to
warm up the car okay I need to warm it
as well
from up there I am gonna take my drift
car virginity yes Oh clear we are as
ready as we will be it's easy there's
nothing else than a normal car there's
less things here and more things in the
front
well one piece tell yes I see this did I
get smoked oh yes oh yeah definitely it
is scary because it is so quick and like
responsive and compared to the
streetcars have drifted it's like
they're so like new likes bungee yes
the precision these guys have is like
unreal and you don't understand it until
you actually drive yourself more wheel
spinning more rpm it's gonna get much
much more much more easier to handle
more smoke more speed everything we need
yep
yes like Benny always says 100% Frodo I
thought you're doing really really good
actually yeah yeah I mean my my only
goal was that you shouldn't be scared
shitless my dad always said if you try
to progress too fast you're gonna crash
and burn yeah yes I always have done
be incredible buy one and then you can
do whatever you want I'm super afraid of
this guy
yeah me too because this car is so hard
to drive into the car yeah thank you it
was a dream come true but I think maybe
we should end today's vlog I feel like
yeah oh they come here I'm going to end
the vlog with you already
keep on going I mean it feels like
someone ran six marathons in my brain
like there's so much as we focused on
new things to like like I'm so mentally
tired like I'm like really excited my
body but I feel like I'm like it's like
a really awesome that strange feeling
and tomorrow's a new day
I loved you know flipping course and
like I said I wanted a filmer we said
you know we would need people that can
jump off cliffs and do this in this and
you know if it's the description
perfectly it's no problem
yes that's the kind of film I read thank
you yeah thanks so much
and we're gonna put all the links in the
description out for the event and
everything so you can check it out next
time wintertime but this okay it's the
helicopter anyone's done the vlog by
helicopter nice to meet you
five-five Lord with a new fine sound
Gaucho wait as well
