good morning good morning
Bonjour Bonjour
how's life in the world today today was
a nice day it started to be like sunny
then it's cloudy then it was sunny again
it's Sweden yes so how is life in the
the viewers you having a good day
thinks no oh yeah we hope we hope that
everyone's having a good day
we are leaving Yanni's mom's place and
we're gonna go into the city Yanni went
early do a bunch of stuff and we're
gonna meet up with Johnny's sister
Michaela and yes and Livia who has her
birthday today her second birthday
yes sir quick little pit stop there and
then we have a bunch of Fashion Show
stuff oh you're wearing a suit
Jionni's gonna be all fancy I gotta work
on my stuff I'm 35 now mold uber nice
shoes by the way I like these normally
like dress shoes it's like but these I
really like them like this little
strappy things they're not like too
stiff looking yes and they're Dior and
massively expensive so I gotta do that
it's even nicer you blue where are you
you were here is mr. Huber mr. Huber is
never really far away such good weight
like we've got dark sky yeah I like this
it's so time-lapse friendly we rockin
the double score today we can honestly
recommend them one jacket chargers
everything I think the best thing with
starting companies is when you look at
stuff and then you finally get it yeah
it's like you see a drawing a rendering
sample with like everything wrong and
then you finally get the right stuff
yes and I think like what I work with
companies I agree I'm like if I was in
charge of finances it go like because
all I care about is making the products
that's like what drives me that got
like a year ago I barely knew how many
shares I had in douchebags and then I
was talking to trolls the CEO and my
founding partner and he was like
explaining you know here's the turnover
this and this and by really cool so now
I mean now the biggest challenge with
douchebags is hiring more people because
if you want to grow a company you know
like now we're at the size where I
thought if I'd be there in ten years
that would be like incredible but now I
want to be like ten times bigger not
because we want to make money but
because it's so cool to be at the
airport and see people with the back and
I think in business if a passion and an
interest drives the motivation you're
gonna do so much better than if you're
like counting dollars and you don't
enjoy what you do yes so today's little
uber business advice be passionate about
what you do and not about the dollar
surfin if they will come later hopefully
if not you had fun along the way
whose birthday this is
Oh Joe don't eat too much cake it's zero
it is time for us to go meet up with
Johnny Johnny had to leave early so that
she could get her makeup and stuff done
for the fashion show
yes so we're gonna go meet up with her
and B we're gonna be production team
today yes two cameras two lenses to
b-roll angles three lenses three lenses
yeah it's gonna be really good because
we're shooting the fashion show for for
the fashion show spot which I love I'm
like we can do it for free we just want
the assignment who burn his back who's
your god you're gonna really go oh yes
hello Hey hello No
so hair and makeup here we go let's go
through the fashion show yeah it looks
like a beautiful place
yeah the picture I think everybody got
what I was so what we're doing here now
is the gun it's like gonna I don't know
do something yeah and they rehearse the
whole show and we're gonna just now look
at the light see how we can shoot the
thing and enjoyed for the first time
oldest son or take a production company
yes only shooting fashion shows I need
you
behind-the-scenes fashion show
Wow wow what a dress it's cool right yes
turn around any turn and round right she
changed her underwear oh she had these
beautiful thongs on and it was like
really I was showing a lot to show a lot
no I was like that's looking mighty good
to be easy nervous if I fall I fall
whatever yeah Johnny Johnny walks out
first it just shows that so it's super
tight here yes this is how I want good
look
thanks and it's like a lot of stairs I'm
back and forth and the girls with big
dresses next to them but I have to pass
this whole thing was a little bigger
than I thought it'd be same yeah yeah
yeah he was like yeah I think it's like
a couple girls like and then it's like
20 models something like yeah he's going
first
okay it's a first in the fountain
definitely yeah
we've been trying to watch the
rehearsals or maybe you should explain
why this - show
Antonio found hey okay he's been a
hairdresser for 20 years and he's
releasing his new hair products or his
first products yeah that's what we're
celebrating
I'm guessing they're gonna be pretty
good cuz I'm guessing he's pretty good
considering Yanni's willing to fly to
Stockholm just to get her hair done
that's really good okay the question is
can you do fashion shows I think so it's
gonna do my hair I'm oh yeah that's what
you were having good
I thought it was like a Japanese like
yeah my heritage
food well then I say we're gonna go uh I
should get changed to I wonder if maybe
I should pay now okay
my name's I have to try to do something
to match the crow perfect so hopefully I
can on this my about filmer outfit yes
are you gonna work together no I don't
know I'm come sitting down I'm gonna
enjoy chill but I think we should
actually get out and have a seat looks
looks like the tension is increasing yes
getting nervous
have fun then smile yes
and don't fall down I'm gonna practice
my walk
but I looked so hard but she's doing
right you're doing perfectly she is a
multi-talent but i think we should let
her focus we're gonna go out I just
enjoyed the show nervous she doesn't get
nervous no no
gotta go film Johnny light
you're so good yeah no no no that's the
kind of thing here always that was
biting my lip so it hurts instead
I was really P needy before the show but
afterward something no just never you
nervous no I was mostly nervous when I
was done and they played the music
because I knew there was no standard for
so long and they played the music extra
long I was like so long I read that but
then you were dancing in there yeah I
was having such a hard time I'm like
should i film or watch it I mean see you
sitting yeah I was looking at guys up
there no cuz I walked in and then the
seats were taking on my awkward like
walk around like numbers mine
no it sit right next to you when you
were good I didn't see you I'm like you
look pretty
I was like can you see me waving yeah
yeah
did you see that was a game to the
camera that's cool Jonnie should do more
fashion shows yeah I like that the
potential
yeah yeah I guess I got like an up close
an up close tutorial and now to do it
now I got one pin straight into my head
so I love the fashion show but I was in
love
Antonio story yeah it was like super
emotional because he really like started
working and work more than anyone and
then like for him to launch this super
emotional yeah
so that's like it I'd love people that
just like I have a dream I'm gonna do it
I don't care if people tell me extra if
I'm going for it so it's like oh I
almost like that part more than miss
model but since it's real dark out and
we've had a long day yeah me too we
should end the vlog so we can flip next
time it would be somewhere else
yes good that you remember Benny oh yeah
next blog would be from poster son we're
gonna play hardball now you're messing
up the ending I'm sorry
so if you're a mr. Sun Saturday for that
Gymkhana Kim comma event I Canada
pronounced ed come say hi it's like our
first like kind of meet up yeah I'll
take like a million selfies you guys
come say hi
and we're gonna get to editing and then
get toasters on tomorrow so we'll see
you up there and good job baby thank
miss model I always wanted to model as a
girlfriend I think Daniel working around
without that coffin
cheers to everyone gonna call up Chuck
tchau tchau
