ah okay we are alive again we are sorry
we walked next Vitellius tour and they
connected us to the network but now
we're laying down so if we get back to
it if everybody types what they think we
should do car wise we had one or we I
think we're all the same that was there
before right let it seemed to me like
the most popular choices were the
off-road FF and a monster G so if we
type the name like monster G or F F and
then we're gonna see here in the
comments how we're doing and know which
one is the best
yeah write down your choice so when
we're typing now it's what we like the
bus not what goes away so I mean what
are you guys saying like when G okay so
the reason I'm saying FF and not the new
law so is because if you're rebuilding a
car to an off-road car it means that
it's pretty stupid to take a new car
because that's throwing money down the
drain
but it seems guy you're making it really
hard sorry for not talking we're just
reading and talking and reading at the
same time yeah cuz it's like I'm doing
all this thinking trying to figure it
out and I like the G idea because the
G's are just like cuz the G that I'm
planning would be like a really really
big G like a lot bigger than normal G
500s and it would have a lot more
off-road gear and all this stuff if you
would be made
yeah if we get a G we're gonna name him
haunts because he's just freaking jus
huge huge huge anymore you're pretty big
like I saw your thighs so you were
changing I think the majority of people
voted that out so I think that we're
gonna have to like what I'm thinking gee
I'm thinking Icelandic like sort of
offroad
yeah just Google Iceland off-road car
and then you can kind of see what I'm
thinking okay we're gonna have to grab a
pasta pesto hair broken and think about
what we are gonna do but then you can
keep on commenting on the video I guess
yeah we're gonna yeah we're gonna figure
out how to do this but it's interesting
cuz you're kind of thinking like oh like
if we build this the people are gonna
really like that idea and then it turns
out that you guys think that was
terrible that's why it's good desk
because it's 50/50 now I would say yeah
it'd be way better if you like the ffs
moto G I was like yeah I've seen some
renderings and it looks insane yeah I
haven't seen any else being roading no
no there's a couple renders out there
the promise that the FF off-road build
is a pretty freakin major giant build
and the G build is much quicker easier
built but the GF f is way cheaper and
then 2g come on just put any pressure
but are you going for the cheaper choice
or no oh that was not nice of me putting
pressure on my brother oh no but I wish
it wasn't so much 5050 comments I wish
it would really be
okay someone count really quick huge GG
it comes like and we should have
finished school then I could do you want
to Google a Icelandic oh yeah mr.
picture two seconds we're gonna show you
a picture kind of like what I think is a
good inspiration so you get the idea
because as I said the g550 from BRABUS
you know it's good looking but to me
it's it's like almost there but it needs
way bigger tire and more crazy stuff but
there is a lot of ffs I would say it
seems like it's more FF but then G comes
along it is true that the G 500 is not a
good highway car it's weird and like not
the most comfortable car but why and why
off-road tires are such a good idea is
because then you don't have to worry
about hitting curbs when you're going in
a small Monica Park garages you can just
run straight over the curbs oh yeah okay
so one problem of the G is that I have
to valet park it year around at Meridian
at a nice 46 bucks per day so that's a
bit of an issue but that would make it
easier with the FF okay so tell me in
the comments why is an FF off-road way
better than an r6 I thought kind of that
everybody loved
you're a six so I'm kind of surprised
because when I was buying the rolls
everybody hated that buff so if you want
to write in the comments why an FF is
way better than an rs6 that would be
interesting still not a single / - well
maybe they're behind you find the photos
that you are showing me
Iceland off-road car off-road defender
yeah
it's more unique out is overrated
it's a Ferrari that is true I've never
owned a Ferrari but near NATO Jeep but I
haven't owned a G either we're gonna
have to get some more viewers on this
channel so we can get a Ferrari energy
that'd be great so tell your friends
hold on we're trying to find a photo
here
all right Iceland snow car just Google
Iceland snow car it should give you
because of the sound and you're not
supposed to take a Ferrari off-road that
is very true yeah that's the whole thing
with cars because if you do things that
people don't normally do it's way more
that kind of your trademark of doing
things you shouldn't do doing things you
want to do but you shouldn't do exactly
like I mean that's the whole life
philosophy or me if if you want to do
something but you shouldn't you should
do it
and now our six seem to be popular here
in the like what if we just like lifted
an rs6 put a thousand horse powers in it
and made some big-ass off-road wheels
like I would have kind of thought you're
here like that's what I'm talking about
like a G out-of-this-world craziness you
guys want to see this like is I think we
need to do like a pull and and so we get
some proper voting because now G is
really popular Go Gee Gee Gee yeah yeah
there's a couple renderings out there on
the Ferrari off-road off-road but I'm
gonna explain one of the things that
makes it difficult with with rebuilding
some course and some cars re sir the G
you can change the fender super easy
because they're detachable an or six or
an FF means that you're gonna have to
take a metal saw and cut off the
offenders which means you're basically
destroying the car finding anything
yeah that one dunno
there should be the FF ah what really
what does horn say okay hold on let me
ask you this
haunt what do you think a car in general
you are you and today which car are you
getting this all the badass they're all
in front of you right here yeah and the
G is twice as big as everyone else is
one of each
I feel like ants would be a G guy yeah
it's it's you're I can't answer the
question she wanted probably like
because I used my car I don't show off
yeah but we're we're not thinking
practical you're thinking like this
looks really sick think is you think
yeah they're all in front of you and
you're gonna walk up to one which one do
you walk up to you have three seconds to
choose I choose this guy oh gee maybe
against okay here's your here's the
interesting thing
okay guess what Yanni would pick about
the Ferrari or the all cars like what
she thinks I should get like Cooper
beanie no no out of the five she'll get
the G Johnny loves an off-road G yes yes
speaking this and Alexandra - she's like
I love the jeeps there Jonnie speaking
this yes but that's that that's that's
like it really normal okay we're gonna
go eat now
maybe book the G
I mean it's just she's so big in it I
mean he's loud I think I have to get a G
just to like get it out of my system and
then maybe I hate it
hmm see it's not that easy so yeah hit
us up in the comments or like a comment
that you do think it's the best choice
and then we're gonna try to figure out
what to do because I can't I need to
just decide so that I can stop thinking
about it and then we can start building
and by the way the the G would have a
thousand horse powers if we do it and if
that makes a difference and AFF well
know this a lot of comments that v is
harder to tune the engine so the G would
have a lot more power oh yeah is that
the decision then okay one last thing
okay one last question because this has
been my main thing off-road G is that a
hundred percent better than off-road
Rolls Royce disobey George was the first
one they got rid of yeah I think so so
George yeah George looks like a big cow
come on don't call George a cow should
we make a call right here and right now
that we should get a monster off-road G
and call him haunts let's say yes or no
yes or no is this our final decision
here yes so we're a hundred percent sure
that's better than intervals yes yes
okay did we write here in aura together
with you guys decide what the next car
is gonna be looks like it no someone
said no yeah but he says no to that
there's okay a monster sir hanji
is coming up come on
just say yes so we can decide no then
we're stuck where we are
sir haunts yes that's a good I mean the
name is important I mean a giant
freaking G that's twice as big as
anything and you always drive it Lord
horns yes Lord horns and as you know it
I am well aware that a G is not skip to
name it's not a pet the G sucks on the
highway that is a hundred percent
correct it's probably terrible but you
don't get a G to have it comfortable in
the highway it will be yeah why not a
six by six and since we're on that topic
it's because they're a million euros and
that you are you have zero percent
chance of parking anywhere and zero
power and and they're already like
really cool so you want to take a car
that you can change and they cool
holstered roads there how will you
transport it haunts the Emperor okay I
feel like we're losing focus here on the
final decision so we're gonna do some
thinking but this made me lean a lot
more towards a G so I will keep you
posted we'll do a bit more of these it's
pretty it's a lot easier than editing
like a 20 minute video
me too it's fun it's fun talking I know
quality's not epic and like we're just
talking nonsense but I'm seriously
getting hungry so let's get some food
yeah and my arms holding this out if
you're still amateur because you're
looking under the display you should be
yeah but the camera but then you have to
agreed and like
all I do is look at me you know Hans the
porn star okay what someone wrote that
don't Hans Hans G let's get some food
yeah we're gonna get some food so if you
see us around and we're gonna be a
nostris and on Saturday for the Gymkhana
event so if you see us let us know which
car which you get we are out and trying
to figure it out and then now we're
gonna have a burger at broken so well
see you soon ciao pulse was too hungry
laughing chattering oh now you have to
stop it
