good morning good morning any what is
all this well it's got douchebag logos
I'm guessing some some sort of douche
bags yes let me get a knife yes I love
new things it's a good morning when you
start by getting a monster delivery the
barely fits through the door he was
inside aha yes and today's a travel day
today is a travel they were finest all
come here no little bits to this it's
funny like I'm always supportive all the
designs but I never get to see like well
this well packaging is now we have space
to travel yes okay that's one oh now we
can be a team when we travel yeah we can
have all one yes I stole a couple of
these from like the demo warehouse
mm-hmm because they're all sold out so
I'm like you need to get me those no
matter how you do it yeah everything is
still done yeah they went quicker than I
expected
yes oh yes oh yes first time I see this
in real life
oh hello little boy the sunlights of
whites color yeah how nice and white
super nice it's like I see these
sketches but I haven't seen it in real
life yet lines of color
ah I just have the sense yeah the first
one we have was leather this year fool
leather okay food fake leather yes
and the second litter one now we can
open up the likes but there is crazy
it's like a belated birthday ah
so I got a hugger and a bass which I
gave to Yanni's little brothers yes
because I figured I would just get new
and then it didn't it wasn't that easy
because they were sold out then we
expect that a hugger nice
what think Emily's in the house mr. mo
well now we are geared up to travel now
all we have to do is fill these things
with the stuff that we're traveling with
yes and then we are gonna go to
Stockholm yes because miss you need is
walking the runway on a fashion show in
two days and then we are gonna go up to
us the Sun or the Gymkhana drift I never
learned how to say that begin kinda give
Ghana oats a snow yeah the drift event
in Esther stones we're gonna go up there
and there we will be able to say hi to
all you that's that are a mr. Sun it's
like almost like a meet-up yes so let's
get to work pack this stuff up and make
sure that organized yeah she can no yeah
it's three tons of in the basement yeah
look at it
it has been I feel like we took the one
I took the one trip to Vilnius but that
was just carry on and like overnight
yes I said that we've been here for
almost a month yeah like three and half
weeks yes you're not that late you're
close but it's not really nice yes
okay so I'm gonna go in advance and pick
up the car and I see you guys outside
yes
Royce ordered for team overkill yes okay
perfect I'm your driver really camo bags
everything is ready
hello Spirit of Ecstasy oh sorry sorry
Kenmore rolls-royce airport service is
now ready for departure last four guys
yes I think we have everything just
double-check
Jonnie always thinks she forgets things
but she had never ever ones lost or
forgotten thing
it's always there unlike me who thinks I
forgot something then for sure it's
going twice to team overkill huh a bunch
of t-shirts we can't forget real sweaty
on the way you have any on a little
thanks from us the box are the best ever
birthday your old trucks built at thank
you so much
this year we
so Gianni just said
aren't you scared leaving your car at
the airport guess what the first car I
see driving in Rolls Royce goes yeah
it's normal down here Yanni it's like
parking evolved in Stockholm hey
next to it now so they can like hurt
each other they can hang out there's no
anger that's nicely SPECT like the other
yeah beautiful Glee Yanni creamy blue
why is it so crowded guys have a flight
to catch
hurry curry hungry - yeah that's by more
important than yeah I don't care about
the flight
just give me my food today is a day to
chill in the 55 minutes but that's in 55
minutes 55 minutes no problem
actually this is not working at the yeah
I'm the job you just figured out yeah
good New York you sounds
I'm gonna miss you guys I'm even
treading water from the up conditioning
you are Joe fat George the boob mouth
oh yes George well maybe he's angry
because I'm dumb but I've been debating
back and forth the pie should give him
up for adoption
okay but let's run through the chicken
okay so today's airport tip if you have
to roller bags are too wide for an
escalator coming like this and then the
escalator come so you like this so cool
Oh
today's tip oh we should do some more
often today's tip it's actually really
handy like let's say you've gone through
a door you're going through up escalator
or whatever yeah let's port can we
upgrade with points if we can fly it
yeah but I have a million points I don't
know what to do with them I bought one
ticket for their cess points mine and
been Israeli 50 New York yeah yeah a
solid four hundred and seventy five
thousand points yeah it was a nice yeah
yeah yeah I mean can you really Ellie
yeah no no Barry was worth it but we're
booking a ticket to New York in
September so that's why I was mixed up
Yanis forcing us to go to Fashion Week
in New York No
we're gonna go to bnh all the time yes
let's hang out there swing more 8 hours
a day so Yanni is actually our PT
fitness coach mm-hmm and also our travel
agent yes just organized
that's the goal I'm so happy yes we
right
oh yeah yeah yeah
we are forgiven into the part of the
skeleton a nice Estonia and then I wish
you a beary pacified Minister
ah one donate I think SAS is rebuilding
our love again yeah we have the first
backs on the belt so the priority tags
you get with a gold card actually really
work yes us to date you were fantastic
thank you and I had a really good flight
again you know I was saying that instead
of like resting trying to like waste
time on flights yes I was really tired
but I felt that if I keep crushing it
the flights are gonna feel shorter so I
got a lot of stuff done and today I work
mostly on planning because you see us
traveling around the world but as you
can probably imagine there's a lot of
planning that goes into that like what
kind of error ports have good
connections where can you find tickets
there aren't mega expensive because now
you know like then he's a big time he's
over 150,000 followers there am i there
yes so the only first business now so
it's so expensive the flare out but we I
did a lot of good planning so we we have
like a lot of traveling in the next few
weeks we were now up here in Sweden
doing all this then down to Monaco and
let me see if we remember them for a
monocle yeah we're probably gonna fly to
Lombok yes yes there's two reasons one I
have a couple real estate projects I
want to look at number two they have
surf waves all the Reese's we need then
straight from Lombok to New York to meet
up with Yanni at Fashion Week and then
BAM back to Monaco yeah so a lot of
traveling but it's gonna be really good
I think so look at this we have any we
have the first luggages on the belt nice
priority and it's good good to be in
Sweden yes it's good to be back in
Sweden I can grab this today's tips and
tricks already
actually didn't really need it here but
I wanna just be sure it's anybody
training at the same time we have Flair
and rain welcome to Sweden Wow Wow
it's not TV show called welcome to
Sweden it's a really good TV show
welcome to Sweden but I like it it's so
beautiful rainbow is coming up soon
sunny right sunny right sunny sunny
sunny yeah
yes parents places are always the best
oh yeah we should only do this for my
parents - your parents - parents pain
you know the threading where you take
two things and like fix the eyebrows
hidden her please I'm gonna grab this
yes of course
all right seeing a little and we are on
solo mission well yeah we're gonna see
how it Richard L was forgot okay um I
say that we're gonna go and we're gonna
spend straight to eyebrow waxing Yanni
ready ready
you look real fancy right now and the
red that's super comfortable
Tina is gonna do my brows she always
does my brows she went in hid away she
ate away
I'm curious okay we can do the before
you look I'm like really good right now
with the wide angle neck
I guess that I looked really good now so
everyone Matilda bring the pain
I think young he's a bit tougher than I
am she doesn't seem to massage for
nothing sorry I was really hoping for
filming me are you okay yeah I got to
curious oh we shouldn't be stopped
okay ready I am as ready as I'll be
neutral this is some pavilions no I'm
okay that yeah mission seriously of
course I'm not gonna lick some skin okay
now it's your turn okay okay yeah let's
go have some dinner
how do you look by the way
nice how pretty so some color and some
oh my eyelid you can't focus anymore
let's go say mine hey look at this it's
like bleeding oh yeah you should go to
the hospital
nice careful farm touch
ah and we're back again that's what we
call a battery failure in the vlog world
where you think you have enough battery
and then gone and you have no plan but
we ended up having a great dinner and
now we are back at the house here we
have you miss your Vega family Modern
Family
hold on let me get that thing out there
again I'm trying to make the light work
here come on
okay since it's not working that well
and I'm pretty tired and it's you know
it's just fog life when you film this
much pace will end up I guess they don't
have to run out of battery if you're
smart but we're not always smart and
since I'm extra not smart when I'm tired
I'm gonna try to keep this real short
ever say do not lose carry who called
Sophia here to loot oh yeah now phone
current owner mine Goren thank all my
post on some and dumb bombs mostly
battery door wheelman has bought months
go on battery listing
