coffee coffee cooling money money video
today which we can say good morning yep
because the truck is cleaning the
streets real loud we got a rub to avoid
the south
runaway lane over time it gets
overtaking then we can say good morning
good morning today is a bright and early
good morning because they were to start
today in a slightly different way we are
going to meet up with Nico Rosberg the
current Formula one champion of the
world yes Sippi how are you sir they say
hello again that mean anything so steps
up II was actually filming with me
waiting for come listen oh yeah yeah
really good money many oh yeah no but
the reason that we wanted to meet up was
because I mean obviously I love what you
do and I fold that one and it's like
there's so much I want to know but you
are also working more of this video and
YouTube well getting into it so
basically I mean I think we're both kind
of in the same place when it comes to
sort of careers where you're where
you've done something for so long
there's been one goal and that's it and
then you're trying to figure out what to
do after that and that's it's hard to
find people that can maybe relate
that's part of life because it's so
unique being an athlete that you're like
so focused on normal jobs you start up
then you grow and then you're at your
peak when you retire whereas we know
that certainly we're out of a job
that's for sure it's very difficult for
people out there we don't Syrians being
out there being a situation whatever
actor I think there's some similarities
so anyway today since I'm a since I'm
with dad nowadays my getup times in the
morning is 6:00 a.m. so I've discovered
this going for a cruise on the weekends
at 6 a.m. because you know in the summer
there's traffic like mad in Monaco it is
the only time of the day where there's
some sunlight and and the roads are
completely empty so it's a great great
time of the day to go for Drive and
today we'll go around the f1 track then
since Abalos them and I can I can take
you through that little bit push this
motor going around the on track with f1
world champion but I was ready to play
because I said well here here's 250 mark
in the tunnel and and you said you just
not up for that I want to take it easier
what today I mean my first question is
does an f1 driver get immunity in Monaco
defect I'm up for anything we can give
it a go I told Yanni that yesterday my
god I'm like if it's one time I can be
in a car and not worry about a single
thing it's women with Miko to do
whatever you want to do and we'll we'll
start the day like that are you getting
ready it is shining like changes I just
saw some slow water mark under the
extreme when it comes to like in cities
where city myself I thought the team was
supposed to take care of
all right Billy we are good to go
I think this this seems like kind of the
perfect way to start a day around here
that's funny you walk on now you see
people leaving Meridian I was singing
myself that was you ten years ago I used
to go to sleep at 6:00 a.m. if I get up
insecure you know the change in life
I like the early mornings because the
more you get done before sort of the
days start the better it feels so what's
what's the fastest carry of driven to
you're retired and humbly laferrari I'm
a friend
let's hide that which was the absolutely
Mabel so at one model 230
like every time I walk through here I
imagine like I'm like what is it like to
come here with it up on here 300 kph and
into the blind you don't see where
you're going completely blind so you
like jump you jump into the braking zone
and subscribe my memory I get goosebumps
and here turn left chicane the harbour
so what what's the most fun part and
what's like the scariest part and the
most difficult part I mean the whole
track is awesome
so it's my favourite track the most fun
part maybe even down here in the in the
connected section Harbor this corner
here again every every corner is blind
so this corner is probably like 200 kph
or something and then the fact that you
can hear which is probably like to point
your something through the chicane today
and just with the barriers but you have
no room for error at all
smallest mistake and and you totally
destroy the car and I've heard it can
hurt sometimes and knowing what it costs
to fix an iPhone 4 how does the best
potential better you better don't think
about that here actually I had my
biggest and one of my biggest in my
whole career and in that section there
hold position oh I can't imagine the
heartbreak race start heartbeat 180 red
red mist and then the lights up there
and long off you know waiting for the
further burnout with this car then it up
that's when every time I walk around
here and I see the curbs and the
markings and everything then I'm always
sort of like imagining what it feels
you
you asked me what the most difficult
part of the track is and this year which
arrived at the top of the hill
now with the 208 probably 290 and it's
completely blind yeah you're looking up
into the sky and then you have this very
very fast braking which is like sideways
breaking into this really fast
left-hander there's no room for error
like the smallest mistake and you're out
into the barrier on the outside you know
like max here last year like or two here
we go my show I'm famous for this corner
unfortunately because I went to trade
off in qualifying and so come here let
go of the left hand and push the right
hand all the way over like that because
you can't the left hand doesn't follow
anymore yeah and then you on the way
back with the wheel spin coming at the
same time you're going to sort of unwind
find the grip of the left hand again and
control it whilst your cars slapping
away with a wheel spin is there any part
of the track where you get to relax for
a second no that's a digital thing about
here because there's no straight now
everything is always turning and that
makes it really physically demanding
this is there's no moment where you can
relax and even whilst you're turning
like on the straight you you always
tense up your whole body so it's more
difficult to breathe and all that so
that makes it tougher I mean that's got
to be a huge part of driving that I
don't think people think about how
you're able to go hard without like
using too much energy
no but it's it's so funny because I've
walked it on the track so many times and
thought about how it would feel so
getting to like actually sit along that
get like sorta to them the first-hand
experience that's a good way to start a
morning and orange juice I mean you come
in and you have a daddy GT work daddy
duty we don't have those yet so we can
go to the beach million thanks for the
morning you have much better than that I
would say hope you enjoyed watching -
and hey whenever we got to come up with
we got to go ski maybe we will not too
sure about 12 years ago it was forbidden
on my contract yeah my last time when
she was 12 years ago so now today yeah
she's right over the phone
enjoy and then also remember to
subscribe to the Nico's channel because
the more subscribers you get the more
videos is going to do and the more we
can hold you back - yeah possibly let's
see no guys yeah check out that's how
are you guys ready already and we're a
strong team here we're due to set the MS
this morning phenomics Andra marks it
out just been living down here crushing
well we haven't been blogging yeah but
now we're going to crush her body's
going to be warm going to be sweaty
gonna be amazing it's so good we have
coach Johnny here she's like a
professional PC yeah if you want to find
out for my boot camp
it will cost you 10000 euros per day one
day 365 days a year for the light boot
camp
Oh shoes ready to go what we're going
we're dating
we're not going anywhere No yeah I
thought I like sundar she couldn't keep
up I don't know what happening are you
going back to Sweden she's so sick of us
though no we've had you guys don't see
on the blog where we work no one thinks
we work but we actually do work and
we've been freaking crushing it this
week yeah like double extra hard we'd be
like living in an apartment all week
yesterday it was for my 7:30 in the
morning until 7:30 at night we took a
40-minute break for a workup yes not
like that was after yeah this morning it
was today see work brain tired body
tired 22 not entire brain yes so we
going to the airport we're going to get
we're gonna go say hi to George oh yeah
hello George just to give him a hug so
text him if you want but it's not a
perfect at all yes stem cameras
everywhere
and
later - me too see you tomorrow
job except I'm go to join the juice it's
working yeah have a man's phone cause
you know the Serrano
without tomato with jalapeno now the
Tunica doh
you can free go away with your maxi
 feel to be the only thing yo
we're going to Stockholm ah yeah
come on have a see you tomorrow hi easy
should we just make a real quick
transition back to Monaco
ah yeah
dinner is served will you would we made
the chicken salmon with potato in the
oven special salt Miller bunny and here
I made some kind of a green beans onions
and specialty and be true with goat
cheese and pine nut and yeah it's the
regular Sunday then in a waning program
little surfer wedding program because
today we are kind of tired and evening
because we got up at 5:55 to have a
wonderful start to the day
my brother start makes you a tighter
your neck for that you're well pooping
no but I think it is great we're going
to end today's vlog here we're going to
conclude the day was that it was epic to
hang out with Nikko and I hang out more
with him because it's because it's fun
to discuss things with people that
understand the whole athletes like when
you're 30 you are out of a job kind of
thing yeah very few can relate to that
but Nico can so it's really fun and then
we had why can I never do a short ending
I don't know I like to dig the movie
already
if you're bored because you guys have
rewards for Z or a bar on the mouth bony
HL ya know do you guys are having dinner
you know this is all that they smoke
Amendola know so this melts the mess
oregon smell guys this still not you
guys are making the ending going okay
sorry
cha okay
