right Helly air Minako up this way now
we're gonna go for a little heli ride
yes I ready I am
ah go do you see something but you know
how scary it is to walk around and not
here and see anything and you did it for
like 40 minutes no I think this is your
time like I'm standing there probably in
the hotel lobby of like eyes upon us
with pants around you okay and then I'm
like okay watch goes off because I was
like okay what goes off yeah yeah that
was the hard part yeah okay okay now
we're going to go for a little heavy
ride every day that includes the
helicopters a good day exactly my
thoughts but you I'm glad that I have a
few months to plan your next birthday
yes
like I'll admit but like that was like
scary you did good not how much I was
like working upstairs elevator car
carsick no good
no idea where you're going and no I've
given up trying to figure like this
whole day was a little like to not just
levels about what I was kind of thinking
and again
happy birthday I think I'm supposed to
relax all day but it's really hard to
relax but you don't know if you get a
blindfold and like earplugs and then
there's helicopters and we like to meet
I have no idea where you make it so far
so far through hoops a really good day
except for standing in the lobby with a
blindfold and the music I couldn't hear
a single thing I couldn't see anything
Samantha's we're good I like that I have
no idea if you talked to her like I
heard nothing that was a simple analogy
could you go to the CD we're in we are
we are in calm yeah and you know where
are we going the Radisson Blu you're not
tired I'm going to be tonight like the
amount of thinking that gone on in my
head try another girl what's going on
like I was trying to like in the tunnels
in Monaco wait like are they going
around in circles so like no I'm like
there's not any tunnels that are that
long okay messing with oh that's t-paint
le ha Monaco was good thanks out here
yeah they're always good sit down next
the gifts that you do my next ultra is
welcome to come maybe show them the
beautiful country mmm no I would have a
birthday more often it's time to relax a
massage is waiting for you love bite
massages after Holly rod you know your
back and her yes the Holly ride was easy
compared to the blindfold in life the
medical stress of like okay how much of
an idiot am I looking like right now it
was great you are dancing and stuff yeah
listening and now we're just going to go
through this ball and chill are together
for a while and then you have a massage
in like 40 minutes is that good
pretty freakin brilliant yeah tell us
nothing let's get changed
yeah whoa now are you guys ready oh yeah
yeah but it's like I was just saying
like what should we do I'm like I lost
my skill decide what to do I'm used to
being told exactly you're doing this now
yeah do what are we doing now
now I think some water with lime or good
and we go out and slam and then you have
a massage in 20 minutes
yes perfect ones like I'm finding like
getting into like just letting go or not
like trying to figure out what happened
what's happening yeah if I can this
crazy day you only have your birthday
once a year
oh yeah yesterday I was saying like
she's like damn like one of the things
like I'll do and I'm like if I get a
cake in the morning with the light you
know that's that's good I need yeah just
a bit more this is a funnier week that
the standard is set for birthdays like
it'll be hard but I'm not regretting all
the time we put in and Young's birthday
and marv a out is that no I know a
super-nice I still remember that yeah
but now thinking I'm like this is a bit
more creative blindfold helicopters like
we did the Brokeback stuff you're
getting a blindfold for sure uh-huh
am I going to LA I'm gonna have you gone
for 12 hours like I'm gonna have her
stand in front of the casino
Hubert see how long it takes to push me
before but no we were talking about this
when you would blame Canada sorry buses
going to Barcelona like take him on the
bus
bargaining
Oh
you ready for a special massage yeah
what they're saying a 3d massage it go
three Methos let's see your face after
yeah ah the good thing it was so nice a
dark in there so you come out you're
like oh it's really bright out so how
was it it was like okay think of a good
normal massage yeah and then you have
like scrubs and creams and like plastic
and like a lot of stuff I've never tried
I felt like a real spa massage yeah it
goes on my top five best massages of the
year no way good because I have a lot of
massages uh-huh but yeah it felt like a
real spa massage I was like Johnny would
liked it so we should come back oh yeah
I could have one of those every day oh
yeah grab that nice you have one point
oh but I'm like more conveniently it's
like one hour massage was required to
get back to like relaxed faith after my
blindfold oh yeah happy birthday now
like religious keeps on going I go
haven't caught okay what am I supposed
to do now Wow okay
Oh birthday timing Thank You Yelena
oh there's a letter mr. Gupta thank you
sir
yes let's use the birthday yes yes
cheers to maybe a space shuttle
oh good now let's get notice boss more
often oh yeah I saw comment the other
day
you guys probably should try to like
live life a bit more and maybe not
always focus on being productive and do
anything okay
that is a very true comment thank you
again Rosalind yeah I just need someone
to take all my control away and force me
to go hey Andy your job come on yours I
can help you go to room 403
later so you understand that we're gonna
stay here oh really
did you get it no cuz Yanni said we can
shoot a photo later by the helicopter
something
oh nice I hope you have a good day see
ya when you sign up for lunch like Earl
we have to have fun day AC tonight I was
like there cuz he's waived its back in
Monaco it's really warm so we would have
had them stole the AC be creative and
getting a hotel in town to center that
info legally speaking
Lexi and I were the fruit truth
are you feeling that feel refreshed I
think I feel like you're supposed to let
us fall exactly I've not looked at my
phone since like 10:00 in the morning
yeah I know the prime date I'm doing
well I can't say that we're doing
nothing but you get the point
yeah we've produced even two chilling
yeah at this I'm good at not worrying or
like trying to be productive yeah I'm
just doing what I'm told and enjoying it
and relaxing what was in this one what
do you think head to room 403
Eva Marie and AC hello oh pretty nice
view
luckily yeah we can do some York spy oh
yeah Oh miss your home zone is your
young Vinney let's go home
I need water me bar and then you get a
gift so nice nice I mean we can oh my
god smell it oh nice mud oh yeah how
much time did you spend the whole team
in the Radisson Blu 1835 counties
joining me to wish you a very happy
birthday
with best regards Jerome Thank You
Jerome this is like I will amaze you
it's a great amount of mega-yachts in
this area now like flying over from
Monaco to here with the heli like the
amount of like monster makeup top ten in
the world yeah oh yeah oh come ha ha
yeah we're up here oh why sitting would
be like be you tonight that well yes
I never realized my grunting look
they're so good I do it they're the best
me on this one is to see fantastique
always what did you claim oh yeah
almonds camera Oh peanuts Oh Cassius you
Grammy like over here I'm gonna onion
mark 9 months analyze over ok oh when is
your birthday
mister eat as much candy as you can well
well oh there's tissue if anyone from
Harry was watching this I love but gummy
bears please carefully pack it in mmm
mmm ok now we just stop filming us
eating stuff ok stop eating ok stop
filming
no oh no that's healthy right yeah
everything is healthy
anyone want some champagne yes please
when you run out of gummy bears you go
for the champagne oh you will so you
maybe I should have forgot the bubbly
yeah yeah I mean it's really cute yeah
but I've been taking about it for a
while so I haven't liked how to drink in
two in something years like not one
single anything but then I was kind of
thinking I think it's a healthier way to
like you know be able to have a Russian
champagne if I want but still choose not
to synthesise does that make sense yeah
uncle Paulo I would say yeah I don't I
don't think I have that good if you just
say no it's like I think it's the more
like unhealthy kind of yeah thing
instead of like yeah okay I can have a
bunch of it yeah like no way I have time
to be any like not even 1% hungover does
not fit my life schedule I'm going to
pop the bottle I haven't popped the
balls in a really long time so it's not
so bad getting older you get older you
get smarter you learn about life and you
learn what you appreciate and what makes
you happy
yeah and for me I get happy by getting a
lot of stuff done and experiencing a lot
of things and spending time with good
friends listen to you Casey wallah this
is my big one go creative Benny yeah
thank you
yeah okay Cheers
I'm happy birthday I'm almost nervous to
be here cheers and thank you so much for
everything we're not done yet
nope they doesn't have an outfit in the
closet how does the world about to get
to the closet she cherishes hmm that is
really good mm-hmm so I broke my jewelry
years from something streak that's a 35
year old after 35 year old
I mean I could like not show this I'm
like try to like fake stuff but that's
not how we do it I'd like to be honest I
think drinking alcohol is like
unproductive for a glass of champagne
does not interrupt the productivity
choose
cheers clink on thanks to everyone for
joining us today yes and this uh very
things we're done Tania look and heard
it yeah the fact that you curvier here
means that we are not watching a movie
tonight okay I'm just going to sit here
wait for the next instruction yeah you
can clean your ass in here
what oh man you're glancing from
cleansing and dryer and then how strong
you want is can you have a nice write
out your action there's a she's so glam
rock make yeah pretty girl yeah
is it outfit time yes jump in this I do
not understand how you got here now I
understand even less how you got this on
the helicopter or was it or did you free
low it when I was blindfolded okay I'm
gonna give up trying to understand and I
thought either you work sneakers or your
new shoes new trees should be okay no
living in ready dressed your own age is
not what you said moody that looks cool
like this don't look like a successful
35 year old washed-up skier / youtuber
you look at Nathan yes we are in common
this girl sitting here so we're doing
something right so maybe you want to sit
on the balcony for a while we're just
going to go down and pick something more
secrets and just one tiny finisher
campaign okay let me go shoot some birds
yes good but no secrecy was over almost
the last one go to the rooftop and your
left surprise is waiting there let me
get my jacket
yeah take it take it yeah surpassing all
guesses and expectations another nice
day
501 Bruce the day what is a would be so
now I feel that all those will not work
and that those pink balloons and
everything is you in my bail and paid
off
yeah let's see what we can come up with
mixer yeah it's going to be hard to
continue having birthdays if it's yeah
it's now at 35 this dimension is like
fifty years old
but yeah I think it's so much better to
do birthdays that our experience based
rather than like sort of value in things
based exactly waiver
oops okay guide you might think straight
straight straight to today's like Oh
everybody's a standing around yeah so
much what I we have like nine cameras
yeah I like my objective eight a same
face oh look at that look at what honk
oh yeah God you shine oh I got a snare
when you like cookie thing yeah yeah
yeah this is not a bad place on all
right
yeah I was just like I was reading out
by keeps on goal and I go when I don't
know it's okay now it's only a drink
here and then we have dinner I don't
trust the word that they're saying but
yeah
it's already but cheers guys
I don't see a reason I never did Mia
yeah perfect because I'll give it too
much church's good guy of you and if you
crazy
360 we and we need to come to calm more
often first to go to your place and it's
amazing and let me see this and thank
you we need to explore multi
yeah I'm liking more and more in my home
zone yeah boy your weight we like it
yeah exactly
it's like sometimes you've got a son
time with people that are not used to it
to realize these depreciating but should
be em yeah you I don't want to suggest
that was exactly clean even disinfectant
things I would just like to thank
Benjamin Yanni for an amazing day and
for many more days to come and I hope
you guys enjoyed that I sure enjoy the
state it's gonna take a while to process
how everything work out but try to put
on a pair of
sound-canceling headphones and a
blindfold and walk around for 40 minutes
into the theme it's great but yeah maybe
someone got some inspiration for
birthdays as well guy surprise for girls
this
yeah we go paint pink balloons and stuff
like that doesn't cut it anymore now
it's helicopters in common okay oh we're
going to head over and out and make for
watch it and thanks to everyone so yeah
I'm 35 Rox
