happy birthday
good morning happy birthday your
birthday yeah
you actually carry a problem with nice
life is it come down you I think I make
you made a mistake you're supposed to be
able to they're identified oh thank you
did you sleep well for
thirty-four-year-old yeah
we have to go out the candle that's the
bigger wish my head I'm gonna bullies
out and I'll figure out what to wish
that is open this these guys and really
like secretive the last day and a half
no no not to talk you okay it's okay
yeah that's what I said yesterday the
only one tomorrow is a cake every night
which is something were just like a
candle in it happy birthday my love I
was thinking maybe it was like a clue
for ya cuz I don't know like the cake to
kill our yesterday yeah no I made it I
told him whispering they disappeared for
like a long time I've been told to like
stay here and do this like happy
birthday thank you my second birthday as
a vlogger oh yeah where would your last
time I gave your cake in the morning and
I signed for you I'm done I think we had
lunch is fair and then you did something
so good sorry every morning with the
strawberry cake in bed
uh-huh Johnson well I'm getting to
birthday cake that's fine it's your
birthday very God tell me what I'm
curious and just yeah it's like damn it
I had like everything figured out not
like 50% fell through I'm so bummed
little clips for the cake and follow
dinner yeah they did not sour Ramesh
said it's back god it's okay
I'll have the way yeah yeah I just like
eat your cake and then I was told not to
plan anything today either so exactly
I just want you to show yeah are you
chilly in today but that's my brother my
gift is to chill yeah fully today but
when I have two more Craig will call
Queen we'll be right back yeah okay so
this is four hours later there's no
ideas come here
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you young I think so like eonni has not
told me a single thing what we're doing
today she's like Jill I'm like are we
doing something 20 minutes or four hours
of just you guys are too secretive it's
a chill day yeah I'm not you happy
birthday so happy birthday get ready for
a day filled with surprises go to smear
for your first step stop spirit is the
Lanchester on the Metropole okay can we
go now
as you read ready I'm not gonna join you
no uh-huh
okay let's go let's go put on something
now yeah good like this okay get ready
and then we go there yeah
all right cool how to take the car
should we walk a little bit of walk it's
nice maybe outside but on some true
thing then we go
see you soon hon you know make a hot
area outta here for the whole day the
surprises Johnny
disappear yeah he goes like I wasn't
curious like yesterday but now I'm like
stop this price like covering her mouth
yeah did it's going to sleep you should
walk less fast slower yeah what time is
it oh we have plenty time slower I don't
want to go fast otherwise I'm going to
get swingy with this here I think like
I'm a little bitch dressed but with the
temperature we have today yeah but let's
just like walk slowly today okay
today's a day about killing my specialty
the pit stops did you find something
I haven't seen the G 4x4 since I thought
about like maybe getting now less than
you someone was a hundred and Raekwon
but that I am consider buying one so
then I didn't really like pay attention
is really the highly tight especially
person yeah there is no problem this
problem let's put it this way my ideas
for the G include not deep tire this
would be like the racing minor like the
racing time yeah there was up about that
like if I build this yeah they would not
look anything like that yeah it'd be
like two times wider it'd be a mad max
version of it so it'd be high but this
is a small version of juice yeah yeah
this would be like yeah what do you
think yeah I think you should be I think
it has potential
look there's none for sale and self a
friend nope not a single one so if
you're watching this in your south of
France and you have a 4x4 then there is
relieve me up there is love there you
can have the rules for today
welcome to the Metropole metropolis
where there is right
this is worst various so we should be in
the right place uh-huh but you like I
like dripping a sweat you must be like
like die yeah it's so funny I'm like
trying to think like different scenarios
like my walking right speed perfectly
just to be fair okay let's go inside
maybe oh are you I am good a happy
birthday thank you does everything happy
birthday thank you
hey Benjy not good it's hot today it's
warm I am I thinking how warm inside you
okay
I was trying to do an interesting like
you know so young you know some party
and it's so many photos haha I kill
Johnny
oh no it's it oh there is something yeah
open package first now sit down
a little birdie left that biryani so
sweet hahaha
I just feeling Yanni's had both of those
it says he got your own that's very good
sponsored by Bo's no no
but they are good well thank you to the
middle birdie whoever that might be I
don't know where she was Brandon should
I open this now now okay
what's this now you have your home pair
next up Sarah store Oh like andando
swear I knew she knew someone else so
I'm curious how you figure something out
of Sarah
that woman is resourceful he hates it
when people bring a look at his face I
used to cry when I was a kid like solid
I'm getting multiple cakes today yeah a
lot of good continuous on the beginning
make a wish
yeah I was trying to make worse this
morning but I couldn't really think of
anything there yet thank you thank you
guys
you know lead to the next step on to
Sarah yeah with the first so when you've
been running around in this Jesus lately
now with me up without being a
little more Monica and in with this jerk
Quebec I lost all my shoes from RBS I
only have one pair that is it right I
don't know if you should read it out
loud for acting her own age every summer
walk the monocle uniform not all of
these perfect the birthday let's keep
our cool so that's that you have to go
and we'll see you in a bit yeah Steve
I'm not ready for the next one
100%
let's go - I don't know your a menu or a
girl
up there I guess depends if you on a
dress or something else today you never
know where I'm supposed cashier maybe
let's go there let's check it out
it's my kind of shelter hands and
massage are various creative stuff going
on here thank you so much that's Ricky
and now let's put this own dress new
flap up
you can't look at me now hold on this is
before and after
I feel cared more dressed accordingly
it's like not that I know what we're
going to do but it suits perfectly I
hope we're not going to walk really far
no everywhere i've you opened the next
one really yep ah
although I do not stay here like I don't
know where to go neither put on this
outfit next stop Nikki Beach Nikki Beach
are you happy I'm confused too happy for
compute I hope you good interview it's
like all this like it makes me nervous
well let's see what let's see
looking more like looking fly less 25
more good god what looks more normal
special oh wow I couldn't sing along
because I don't know the words
oh yeah right nice happy birthday lots
of singing lots of like hi surprises
yeah enjoying so far where's the under
other hundred visits no yes we ordered
150 packets are this is a sign you
should buy a boat that I agree with it's
good luck big business is coming use
your first gift and put on loud music
youth time ask and it's time for your
next location
what a nice one thank you thank you open
your first gift Lizzy remember your
first gift yes I taught him we're really
creative when Yanni had her birthday but
like that was nothing it's very good
luck buddy
let loose
very soon calculation
okay so you did oh yes seen him around
you turn around
lookee up there you got a walking
without him without something
yes they around just around the
necessity to know
Oh
maxima cook kept getting in getting in
ha ha ha
the loading at a lahar eat getting she
says he can't see or hear anything
Oh perfect that's all I wanted we would
marry cursory you know arriving at
destination is the expecting this
don't have to go ahead did he like hit
his leg hell yeah
Minako oh this was now we're gonna go
for a little heli ride yes I ready I am
aah go
