it's important to hydrate in the morning
and drink lots go
and good morning from Tokyo good morning
good morning good morning today we're
gonna do a bit of a different blog
because we had a dilemma we saw in the
comments do you guys love Tokyo and
you're so excited to get CS skiing so
we're kind of like well we want to show
skiing in the next vlog but we also want
to show Tokyo so today's vlog is our
next 36 hours so join us for every hour
of the hour for the next day and a half
and we will take you with us on our
journey I never had belts when I'm
skiing so I found these really sweet off
well it belts yesterday but they're so
long so I cut it and then I was so
excited I put the end back so temp
number 2 but now I don't have to use
luggage tag like like belts it's all
about cutting and creating new stuff and
love that stuff
it turns out that ap opened at 11:30 and
been closed at 11:30 like respond so
it's me open soon I thought I was like
closing soon trying to get a new
bracelet for my watch because it broke
because I swam with it so hopefully they
can do it real quick but with this one
it's supposed to be okay
I know normally they don't sell a rubber
strap for this so this one kind of fits
but not like 1,000% and because of that
they wouldn't try it because it's not
according to the protocol so next
mission is to try to get a second
fuchsine gopro at big camera hopefully
we're more lucky than with the watch
these places just sitting last time me
and Marcus were here we had to set an
alarm we said one hour that's all we
have
no position
what do you think of this like a
walk-around photo photo lens the g9
themes to try it on there
yeah okay can we buy it we didn't the 15
once ever we should come back to Tokyo
and go here with more time better I feel
like we're supposed to check out what 20
minutes ago yes no not ideal cue station
with a ticket to Nagano we're kind of
like the dumb Westerners really Goffman
don't worry it'll go whenever realize
there's been a line and they read it
properly we're here supposed to wait
there's a bar there exposing the
Westerner he realized there wasn't like
so we just arrived to Nagano and I'm
looking at this bus here and it looks
like the cargo compartment is really
full and we have quite a bit of bag so
thinking we might yeah not be winning
like luggage this whole bus is full even
the ever positive mr. Warner yeah but I
have a feeling it's gonna be one of
those
hurry up then wait you know the good
thing is it leaves every out it turns
out Warner 70% was actually working or
what actually happened was that they put
in a second bus because of the
heightened demand
oh let me be in the back of the bus too
yeah I used to never be cool enough to
be in the back of the bus when I was a
kid so I'm taking forward so everybody
has a chance when they grow so why show
us the back of the bus guy
okay we're lucky with the bus that could
have been a really I think we're gonna
get a pickup here oh it's almost waving
yeah he gets here talking about Warner's
starting to vlog here and I can see that
the motivation sky rock yeah yeah leave
you they came out to Train good looks so
it's important to know catch that we are
now successfully getting arrived
that's very true when I can go on
vacation now who's got top buck well
you've been the back of the bus guy your
whole life so I guess your top bunk
again top bunk cool so this is us we're
rocking business class flights and
off-white shoes and this but I love it
yeah see this is simple life simple life
means happy you and children and just
good life to have Donnelly's it's
absolutely incredible like I literally
won't leave this place
Oh super fun guy and it is that time it
is that time to sleep and I just realize
a doctor really loud happy people
sleeping
good night vlog I miss you see you in a
second all your computers really ruining
it I slept better than I have in like
the last forever needs you
yeah great or breakfast coffee breakfast
and look at me there's no cell phone
here I'm sorry everything's starting to
work on not bringing cell phone ever
it's really nice do are these morning
tub I'm feeling like a pro skier
battery check beacon whoa you guys
anything Oh what is that one ski god it
feels good to be out here again all
these white boys I love this place
okay first things first is to get some
sort of a backcountry course so you can
get the backcountry pass you can enter
the gates where you really want to go
which we didn't do last year but we're
gonna do it now since we have time
because the storms coming tomorrow so
this way we're a hundred percent ready
we are great yeah okay yes but we think
one of these DVDs
thank you so we are now all good to go
we have the DVD pass there on the arm
and it's time to go and do what we came
to Japan
let's just gonna say blue skies Sun and
buh-ba-ba-bah yeah it's not very open
you're hoping for that Sun to disappear
but now we've seen this first couple
snowflakes we're just keeping our
fingers crossed scoping out the area so
we know where to go if we wake up with
snow tomorrow but I loved that now the
ridges that had some this morning or
covered with snow
right now is that we're going around the
resort to scope out all the best areas
so that hopefully by tomorrow when the
snow comes we know exactly where to go
we're trying to start on second third
and so on and we're looking at this this
end less so enough skiing and pretty
much all the ski resorts in the world
and this is pretty much the coolest so
and I've seen because just keeps on
going and going and going and going and
it's so we just gotta go take another
run feel the freedom of the mountains
that we have precipitation we have a
little bit of rain down here it's not
good but it's gonna it's supposed to get
way colder throughout the night and I
can see it look up here the mountains
getting soaked in so I love that when
you start seeing the mountain disappear
but yeah we're looking good by the end
of this vlog we need to be standing in
snowfall yes well ya know on up we got
snow it's still enough top
oh yeah it's totally like cuz yeah yeah
good
with me like sir
oh look at that that's that is more like
it and I got myself an umbrella so that
we can cover the camera from snow which
is not our strong set in there we have
some light but yeah we're looking good
the snow is coming down on us cut a nagi
chicken bend it refused to come with us
for dinner I said it wasn't hungry so we
said we was green then no no hungry and
it's snowing is it yes yes yes we hope
you guys unlike he's making a vlog so
make sure to check out his vlog this
yeah fuck attempt number four of trying
to end today's vlog because I keep
making long endings but now I'm gonna
make a short one one thing I want to get
in there is that Monsieur over here just
exported his first vlog so find that in
the link in the description make sure to
LIKE and subscribe to his channel so
that he keeps vlogging but that's it
nothing more to say it's snowing out
we're gonna go to sleep and then we're
gonna be ready to ski tomorrow so you
guys in the POW town tomorrow
do you want to hit the lens your special
move actually hit it harder now I'm
scared
harder nice
