and good morning I'm going to stop right
here and not continue walking because
it's really sunny out there which makes
for a hard build but it's another
beautiful day here in Monaco just me and
Yanni today because Benny said I think
yeah I haven't been able to reach them
today he was sick last night
so we are just going to go for a little
romantic cruise go up to s and like
check out my doll and have lunch
see video what it's gold since the dog
perfect yes so why don't you tag along
and see what we do around Monaco you
love that thing huh got a Trish warm up
it is a kind of like thought it would be
cool
and I guess if we come up a bit can it
be colder let's hope you're ready please
Chuck hello Georgie
and
please responder me go look but bite
it's nice to just go explore yes
okay so we want to go up there do you
remember are we parked I feel like
rebellious I give of the parking here
nor did we valet park
oh it's crowded antonin holidays should
we skip this keep exploring yes
yeah that looks like no chance to get a
parking come on guys we need to go to
places like this in the fall when
there's no people tonight here is the
input seat but it's a super beautiful
road of recent notion it's just nice to
go for our Cruiser miles on my car long
romantic car walk
did you find something maybe I think
this might be the spot area with a view
like a viewpoint see this one we should
have had a 4x4 like bar up on the side
you try to stop I think we did out the
cars
that's a listener we are super terrific
right perfect now you're gonna see a
serious view for you yeah thank you I do
meet you guys can I go to go yeah yes
follow me
let me film that background photo of
George ah not you they told you you know
ciao like Hello that's extreme makes me
want to have a boat right now this is so
nice I don't like cruise ships but that
makes that they look kind of cool it
that was nice
I felt like a super Torres to take
pictures and like chillin that's pretty
hard to cheat in front of it an
elaboration really cut down the trees
actually but now we should get back to
like lunch plans
yeah or he said we're going to spend to
lunch because we have yet to figure out
where to eat lunch and where to find
parking
no so spin without dropping the camera
well Montecarlo be way too bright it's
okay
yeah that happens sometimes well it does
a lot of cars here too yeah but here
they figured it out we're busy monocle
anyways back in Monaco we're going to go
try to have lunch here because here they
have valet parking and are used to big
cars like to them and yeah what next
time we are going for a lunch adventure
we should probably try to have a plan
but now we I am so hungry I'm on the
verge of hangry beautiful well hello
pretty good right
this ended up like come on like look at
this tonight and pizza for moi whenever
I get too hungry I can't help myself
it's like pizza and sides of french
fries finally success after two hours
advertising and we ended up in Monaco so
now we're going to dig in and enjoy
and
Oh
and there you go now you're filming and
then to refocus you just push this one
halfway a little bit so then it's kind
of movie film like a 50-minute court
battle wait how do I know it's filming
it's already fun yes you got it the red
dot in the corner
okay filming okay cuz I got a shoot I
don't know what to say I'm speechless
ian is a professional instable I'm like
ask much of an Instagram oh wow look at
this sexy couple I like shooting when
Yanni has a special effort this one's
special Yanni
where's it from nelly dot-com nelly like
the rapper if you want to go into around
online and e ll I am a Z should I stop
recording Marcus why does it tickle your
pickle Marcus so where you going voltic
my particular school Yanni's your pickle
salt beach everything is salted since i
was trying to shoot b roll in the water
this is a very good idea we're gonna
focus it oh my god he's gonna break the
internet like Kim Kardashian hey you
didn't break the internet right now oh
really go got it super nice I really
like that today's photo tip if you have
a place that's dark above so that the
light is more sort of Center for one
direction really good night see like
here how you have like yeah we're
contrast oh I can I um down a bit the GM
cables right I say we could jump in the
car then yeah thanks for letting us hang
at the Cabana high-five
which hand should I do it with now
whichever you feel good I definitely
shouldn't do it with the hand I'm
holding the camera ready okay so you
just hold the camera you look at me oh
there you go got it look at the amount
of focus
there you go for those of you watching a
movie behind the camera was the I'm a
permanent gamer of George if you
remember when we're out driving George
and when we test-drove George moody shot
a 60 minute clip now you're inviting
them in 10 minute party if we were
choosing between George or Abdullah it
was straight to George ah hello George
thank you thank you okay time to go pick
up some boxes and try to drive and look
at this packages well most of all a
fresh clean suit yes and all the shirts
clean like I really really like that
because always when I want to wear a
suit it's like one of the shirts are
wrinkly and it's really annoying
you got some time today and look at this
bag like I don't know if you see yeah I
feel kind of burnt no your nose is a bit
bright otherwise and pocket we're coming
for you from Gina tricot ah captain and
son ah it's a long letter one noon being
said because Jana gets all the cool
packages dudes Elector some real quality
sunglasses spending classic your
girlfriend loves my believes the whole
being late to the airport thing okay I
got to read this whole pig but those
pretty funny a lot of stuff going on I
go back and it'll like notes for this is
for you this is for me I now want to
wear depending on purple I'm just me hi
cool they're really similar to the ones
that regret the other ones it but like
this feels a lot better they look cool
this looks really nice because I just
kind of lost my I just lost my
sunglasses in the car she real from
Benny's in Czech many funny you feel
feel very Venice many sick no math no
glasses whore Betty and watches I again
all that many way like I'm a little more
difficult to satisfy on the watch side
of things considering the watch I have
no money
oh thank god nice and cute for many okay
nice now we need to do some work
yes but before
do some work nope we'll do that later
we'll see in a bit okay I just need to
document it we were on our way to Train
and now he's like I'm tired I don't want
to go but that's like my line I'm like
the tired guy and you always motivate me
but I almost feel like I want to throw
up that's not tired I think you can do
it yeah once you put on those shoes
carry those weights come down on that
beach you're going to feel 100% ready
and things are today so you're saying we
should just stay here watch the TV I
don't know what dancing I say we're
going to Train because you said we were
training and you usually do exactly what
you're saying so I usually don't feel
like oh okay then I'm gonna go train
well let's do it you shake this session
no it will be good I never have energy
energy is something you create not
something you have there's people
waiting outside our apartment maybe they
can train with you oh you feel the
energy coming sure what about now I just
needed to film that because that never
happens I'm always the tired one that
like really should be what about movie
or like couple emails and now I am ready
to workout I'm like back in the game
again I'm ready to get ready to get
serious so I'm going to motivate Yanni
and then we are going to crush one last
session for the day and then we are
ready to get some sleep I can hear she's
already she's getting fired up
oh no I'm exhausted from training inside
I know
first you're tired and now we're tired
and sweaty but from like a better kind
of tired
I'm like really sweaty we did one role
not critical and you pick the heaviest
Ward leg workout because I think if
you're tired and you really need to push
yourself
hold on I was going to try to go high
five there one you see my clap no I
don't think we'd be that high Greek in
both well you can prize see how sweaty
our we are but that's why we're a good
team because we we get stuff done and we
push day after day after day
I never surrender we rest yeah but not
nearly well actually we screwed reps
they who needs resting no results from
rusting so now we're going to put this
thing down and we're going to say ciao
au revoir au de ma and just focus on
this workout and give it 110% and then
just sweat until we die okay sound good
anima
sorry bar and Bonnie its Xiao Chao
Monica Monica Tasha and rigid yes no
silly yellow yeah oh you're dead but as
you said the only workouts you regret
are the ones you don't do exactly and
the wants to put it up sweating your ISO
drill shoot and I can I can taste the
salt water from my Flint
okay now hold your yeah
