you
and good morning morning as you can
probably see we are not sinking on the
sound because our mic decided to die and
that is really shitty but it's life
sometimes yes so we're trying to
recreate what we said here in this
beautiful morning here by the water
going to work out oh god this is way
harder but you get the point we're
trying to like say that we're out here
it's a beautiful morning we're going to
choose like working out over emails even
though I love emails in the mornings but
okay perfect let's do it
oh and if you're wondering where Benny
as he is on the way
on the train he went to a concert last
night and slept at his parents place and
God so he'll be here shortly
okay you ready I'm ready I'm sweating
before we're even started let's do this
okay
that is an absolutely brutal workup but
it does feel great but now time to swim
splash how is it okay nice I wish them
to have to kill of did it so clearomizer
in the water know what it is amazing oh
they're jumping Bob's way entire family
no but it's so nice and swimming right
after a workup it's like the absolute
best way you can possibly start a date
yeah should we go up now okay
first thank you so much for dragging me
out and getting the day started in the
best possible way it's good right it's
fantastic
it's 100% high five BAM oh yes okay come
up now saw no harm come on you can do it
auger mobs ah feeling weak but that
means you worked out good deck sushi
that is the photo shoot without a fear
of really fashionable pays now only
girls love them
bean paste look at this by the way but I
wanted to get some light up behind
basement with his chair here and this
white top reflect up a bit wookie and
make this huge different oh yeah really
high but so you're going to get like a
quick photo and I'm having to and then
you and it's organizing to set up I just
want to be proud of my work honey
what it's super encinia there we had the
old palm tree but when it died and
welcome to be a good photo wall anymore
did I post it I'm kidding but what was
this part headed here real quick
and secret it's the what reflection like
the difference I made them I'll feel
professional I get Oh I don't look at
you just like a tiny bit that makes an
asshole that's why we picked out my
chair to Calcutta we're turning up real
productive working working out photo
shooting yes I think it's time to like
your dress and go and you already go
hang out in Monte Carlo
let me hear you perfectly good what's up
on Carlo I said oh no the world fast is
my purchase oh oh and you Brenda yeah I
was the only one they have the last
class was recorded with the internal mic
and you're wondering why we a send this
to this still yeah now we're going to
try this so we'll be right back with
with this now the question is are we
recording sound yes it is showing look
at our tiny Mike honey oh wow oh wow
nice cuz it sounds better let's just put
that in the computer make sure it works
and if it works I say that we're ready
to go to calm we are going to go see mr.
Ortega I mean the funders know they got
come to my place cos only there you go
oh my dad oh my mom
nice to meet you hi nice to meet you I
didn't see on you
welcome to my plane angel coming in
coming in yeah feel like home so this is
the living room if the food isn't ready
we should jump into the pool right now
that will be the lunch we can do some
nice time lapses from here yeah yes yeah
Wow
there is no sea view but it's dinner
ever give you is overrated it's fun for
real estate agent yes a but mounts I
think are more interesting you have more
things happenings at work hey Jamie
photo all oh yeah I didn't think of this
one else no and this is the kitchen over
there and then we have a the bedrooms
downstairs under something it feels like
a very yummy ish out of the drawer solid
traditional one super we should we just
put the camera away I have some food and
then you can we have to be a bit too
light with your family yeah put down the
camera
the pool the Ortega are you ready to get
ten I'm ready where we need to set a
little swim lap but we also need to work
on our tan I feel like we were really
tanned in uni beefs and Marbella and
live in the beach life but now we've
been living like the city work life it's
gone it's time to refresh the 10
refreshed underwater swimming and enjoy
the the Casa Ortega it's got the most
amazing lunch it was it's like coming
home to my parents my parents are a lot
of like I think exactly but yours is a
French version of my fifties yes so I
feel we feel right at home and here
quiet such nice weather know kids
fighting on the beach after like try to
find a spot let's go oh how does this
yeah oh it's like nice it's a little
colder than the ocean really yeah but
like super fresh and nice perfect
temperatures oh I think we should move
Kuster the overkill headquarters France
Monaco sure we should move it here we
can come clear wolf and we move in here
we decide we can only speak French to me
and Yanni get better French yeah and
then we swim all day yeah we can clean
it up it's so nice horse let me grab one
of these I'll see you in three hours
how many seconds five six
can you ever chill for like a second and
a half
ah let's say 15 again okay watching to
beat the record
how about rest to give it span Betty's
dead okay now I'm good no how many taken
Johnny
oh yeah it's almost buddy no 30 is he's
very good I'm gonna change your hashtag
to chill so I figured we'd have a nice
chill day at the pool
turns out it's like it's pivoting past
4,000 yeah jump into the pool but now
training now we're going to chill yeah I
looked already sitting over there goochy
goochy I will keep on training yeah but
you should also since it's your house
you you should make sure to introduce
everyone
oh yeah that is here hello did you do
that this is my sister Alec a boyfriend
unique they just made a cake perfect
yeah yeah
Yani Yannick Justin I'm going to keep on
training and not it's like takes me more
seconds for me to start doing it yeah
now I'm counting yes there was the
longer I stand the more concept of
alright yeah
to keep on saying oh yes boost up okay
it was like 15 seconds that's what
happened like I want it shows that I
said bendy and it's like then I can't
chill yeah I go a Nick we had a
beautiful cake so we chilled for like at
least two minutes I don't have the
energy buddy yeah it's okay sometimes
have the energy like when you wake up in
the morning you are you're oh my god
slowlyslowly
I was up early crushing though your
brother such a bad influence but I want
to keep on doing now
hey you guys ready for dinner yeah well
hold on what's your plan my plan is that
we are going to do a short little mini
demo of our new backpack that I can find
my show I've been trying to hide this
for like the last couple weeks which
I've nothing that good I know you guys
didn't I said it might look too I got I
got a demo with the instructions do not
show anyone and then when I got this
it's all I've been using yeah this is
such a good one so basically this is the
new scholar from douche bags I'm being
released right like right now it's
released first it's released in leather
fake leather of course and then there's
more coming I'm not allowed to say what
but there's more coming but the idea
behind this bag was to make a you know
more of a simple day-to-day pack that is
you know more affordable so you have the
link in description with all the info
because I have no memory I think this is
139 in leather and then the other
materials that are coming are 99 yeah ok
no it was my own cool but okay so yeah
what's inside Saul pocket simple huh
which for us is worth great we put the
bureau lens up here yes and then talk it
here another eyes neck looking great for
passports phones and everything that I
usually lose zipper man one died you
have laptop pocket oh yeah and that's my
uncle okay we're going to be quick so
yeah we had so many requests on a
skateboard attachments on the hugger
back in the day yeah when we first made
higher now
we finally have a skateboard attachment
so uh so Benny boy the skater boy can
work as a keyboard aid board in lieu
Ronnie gorilla train 5 - Thailand double
pipe here we go it looks like a skater
yeah now so slate yeah no but it's nice
it's a good small backpack which I now
realize she could do she gets a yellow
jello with my brand new board made in
it looks good like that oh yeah like can
you roll uh-huh if you're tired you can
just lay on your back and roll that's
why I do in the airports
no that's very good before you go skis
but it doesn't end there because it was
built for this but when I was solo
blogging in the States
I had this thing with the mic and
everything and then you had a bunch of
stuff so when I wasn't using it ma'am
it's just like a super quick way like
okay I need to run somewhere else like
no no it's good if you're a vulgar you
know it's a good like little backpack to
carry around to bring you know bit of
stuff with you so I'm gonna say that it
is no joke by far my favorite product
from douche bags because it's a bag you
can use every single day and not today
you know it's it's small we should have
made a small backpack a long time ago
and you can still see a lot of things
inside and you can have a skateboard and
you see look cool enjoying your family
we should go up let's have a doing area
team Ortega yeah and end today uh-huh
I feel like you should always say bye
cuz I like I I hate goodbyes I hate
handling what did this it's like oh I'm
not gay yeah yeah man I am and then we
should end the board then by a child
where do we say no friends come on au
revoir
bonne nuit Hey edema yeah that's it now
we're gonna go practice our French up
there oh yeah let's go food
you
