three things thank you so much and good
morning morning and good morning it is
now 5:30 in the morning I have to leave
the hotel at 4:30
meaning wake up at 4 o'clock and since
its of one hour time difference it's 3
o'clock in Monaco time so I just arrived
to the Kona Airport and I'm about to fly
to Copenhagen and then down to nice so
yeah kind of an early morning and like
really have a morning person otherwise
the be kinda hard to vlog at 3:30 in the
morning you know I like my mornings I do
think I need another coffee before we
continue so I'm going to go through
security and I'll check back once my
brain is filled up with some more coffee
but we had a great trip up there so
super successful mission even though it
was a really short one
it's so funny how blogging work
sometimes I got out of the taxi and I
filmed a couple things and I sat down to
you know do the morning good morning and
then yes good morning how are you
I was just saying here that I'm trying
to vlog and I'm kind of tired and first
I thought that the mic was off so it
didn't work and then luckily I forgot to
plug the mics I still work you will be
in the scene yeah yeah we were here for
a photo shoot president ah yeah a couple
of onions I all right thank you okay
right I think the whole thing was that
my mic was not turned on so I was like
damn it no sound and then I realized
that I forgot to plug it so because if
we're out the plug yet I still had some
so it's kind of funny when you think you
must up because you messed up twice it's
the work so now I think I should stop
rambling and look at this beautiful
sunrise
so it's interesting I've come to realize
a lot a couple years there's two ways to
look at flex one you're bored you're
trying to sleep then you're sitting
there and your seat and you're not
comfortable and it kind of just sucks
here we have some difficult life number
two you can just drink five cups of
coffee and then use that ply time and
try to get as much stuff done as
possible over the last couple years I
realized that number two is a way better
option so on the morning flight I had a
lot of coffee and I managed to do a lot
of like super productive things so it's
been a great great morning so far but I
just wanted to recommend that don't try
to sleep on flight just try to use the
time and get stuff done the knowledge
your boards I think I am last as you saw
will spin straight to nice Bonjour
how are you guys
the weather is nicer now then you've got
this got this felt like it felt really
awkward we're not filming you guys you
can hug you know because you guys were
like an old you're streaming and
everyone's gonna have but that's part of
the vlog live yes the talks of the mic
can hear you yeah but I'm Rui Mike
tonight yeah it looked like not
supersonic I don't know but it's like
not warm I never thought I'd say that
me neither right there we go say hi to
George and line them towards Monaco yeah
so I was Monaco
empty empty only and the summer's over
no never did we think that no Sun and
empty would be like winning look
issue let's come this way here's your
you Georgie Oh Georgie I knew how was a
meet you Anya shoot everything is great
but as with every shoot you know it's a
long day yeah and yes with every
commercial shoot it's a big production
yes
so it's like it's well our day but
you're actually just doing something
useful for community a few minutes
really but now it was cool it's great so
as soon as that that will show you guys
huh but what I was going to say before
that was that it I've now been awake for
more than seven hours
so I've almost had a full workday and
it's unlike 10:38 the exits of one hour
time different so I got up at 3:00 this
morning yes and then I just found her
coffee and got stopped on when in your
seat in the back you know yeah I know
I'm always in the trunk
should we maybe change the law role yeah
but I know that in the beginning I am
never to be my thing because then I will
throw up okay the debates with the one
two three yes
no way I always bring up yeah but I was
wandering on my side like do I get Benny
on my side ivy on the girls side and the
boys side side yeah I will have to do
some stickers done
this is your take on empty monocle it
was empty an hour ago it took us one
hour and traffic waiting to get into
Monaco and now this is not so campy Wow
there is a boat that came this morning
oh yeah
driving in today was the same amount of
traffic as it is during the Grand Prix
and I have no idea why and you got my
hopes up but it would be quiet it was
like no cars no people when we left
right side yeah home yeah answer
I need to pee so bad is there an English
expression in Swedish we say I need to
pee so bad
I see submarines I mean clean is it as a
kiss manner this is both up you never
heard that no there must be something in
your family there can so that you're
like drowning because yeah it'd be so
bad underneath the water you seeing
submarines
no we have a word for I need to be keep
smelling teeny teeny teeny D happy me I
think it's a great start
yeah it's so what is nothing I am so
peeing eating
maybe we should invent a new English
word DVD I am super P needy for this
vlog guys yeah it's going to get worse
from here now here we have the car
spotters are still here I wonder if
there oh yeah I would be needy if I was
drunk you guys are you P needy I was a
car spotter I would try to find a place
that was a bit more unique okay home
stretch
now we have one important thing to
figure out
yeah well first if their parking spot
number 2 it's our place to park the Jeep
if we get a G because the G is 2 meters
and 36 centimeters high watch Jeff I
know you're never coming to school by
for you
yeah the 4x4 we never coming down in
English it's two minutes ago yeah their
level to get ourselves 2 meters but I
don't know if it's just a sign of 2
meters and we can like hit that all the
when you get on a disk our physical
hitting that no I never thought of it
well in about 300 meters we'll we'll
find out then we'll just have to look
around for the other girl like basically
if we can find a parking spot we're
going to get a Jeep
yes their life is too short not to do
what you want to do and I've always
wanted a Jeep so no chance in hell to
get a tuna here
super now we have a parking for now and
then we are going to explore a couple
other parking garages and see if G has
possibility or not yes that will go back
to later because right now there's lots
of slots submarines going on something
so no more submarines good nice see in a
little
you
looking for something I'm looking for
energy zone I'm going to wear my glasses
because I feel like a werewolf which way
this thing focus now that I've been
alone I think this is a better way when
you're walking because it's here now if
you like entourage you guys walking guys
let's we have one garage over there
we checked the one downstairs not
working I think we said that very not
working yeah but first one over at
across from Meridian I have very low
hopes for a jeep fitting their first one
this was wasted folks go next week how I
said this is like two meters and ten
how are you 36 to 36 is not fitting no
no no this yeah hey I think that could
be potential go ahead I know this is a
really random mission but if you want to
buy a car you should probably make sure
that it's fixed unless your rocket yeah
because they're there in the country
there is no house I'd like oh
right nothing maybe this one too that's
it it's more than a year now but then
this is the parties but it's to measure
it but not number two
I love it okay
moontak a little bit Johnny the border
blogger blogger wrong week we get up at
3 fly all day that's not we're good
you know that's I've been like this yeah
alright done we are done I think we're
done well done again again you can't
really high five we just get this tiny
eyesight
high five
the engine is slightly bigger like
you're high enough yeah in by a bus we
have water like ah then cars on the left
side maybe it's getting food yeah but
it's kind of not a long walk but it's
longer walk than you'd like via no
Cheeseman before we place your parka
gene marker is with the buses yeah next
to the bus is that a Bigfoot at least
now we don't have to work with us and
that's valet parking at Quantico debate
or meridian some good some clothes are
very fast
yeah but then the only option you have
is valet parking and they would hate you
after everything ask you can go can i
valet park here for a year I check how
much the fee at the valet parking here I
think what
your keys or your friends no because I
think it's the only option I was like Oh
synergy and I'm like she's every party
looks to meter to time and the name is
John that's not perfect all right thank
you so much for thank you that was a
nice answer yeah I kind of expected it
to be more difficult yeah and we can
park right here yeah and you never have
to circle no it's even easier okay so
we're going to give it a couple days to
see they are back from them to see if
it's okay then we'll get back to
everyone to let me know how how things
are going to proceed yeah maybe love
George yeah but I love the G - yeah we
only want to let me quit I want to try G
yeah yeah yeah like if you should
sitting in the apartment you hear
directly when there's a G coming and
I've already had a long discussion with
absolute motors and they have a package
ready to go for a G 500 that will have
more power than the rolls
no way yeah that's cool it's like
serious bunker stuff so let's hope for
the valet and I think that actually I
think we should end the ball gear
because I I'm really tired like the
decision can you see are my eyes red
yeah I feel completely destroyed yes
normally you look up like 20 hours ago
yeah so I say we just end the vlog and
then we'll come back with lots of energy
and power yes and no three a.m. wake-up
calls yeah I said it before 13 steps
this is a Chow and aurevoir oedema
I don't know ciao
