what what what ah they're that good
bullying was happening again I was in I
was in right here yeah working thinking
god what a beautiful awesome morning
mm-hmm and then like I should I check
when I want to be Airport like look
they're nice that that's like in 50
minutes no way so yeah like my game plan
just like gone he took um I gotta fly in
two hours I hadn't started packing yet
I'm just doing a quick trip I'm going to
vinius to record a TV show and since the
TV show had secrets I can't really show
that but we can show all the way to
Billy Billy Neil's yeah but that we can
talk more about later now I got it like
figure out that I don't forget anything
and then jump to the car see me be
rolls-royce race driver
yesican perfect ha
about what the hell good huh how does
that I was just thinking this morning
I'm like I can't remember last time I
felt so in control place is clean yeah
inbox is looking good great and then
like in like one second I'd like triple
check the time and big meaty with that's
nice you're playing no I thought I was
like late afternoon like a direct flight
but it's like a latte over and you naked
my god
ready I'm ready I'm gonna miss you for a
day oh okay no no and I have to have the
other old teacher okay enjoy enjoy this
I haven't seen you I am NOT gonna wait
y'all know to do huh
okay pass or I should be enough right
people go just invented oh I'm kidding
what yeah
oh wow dammit Jojo now it's a matter of
how fast can Georgia to the airport so
what time is it now and what sin is
applies tourism and it's 9/11 and fly it
was 10:35 and we need 30 minutes to get
to the airport
usually yeah
ninja warriors man I really like had
such a goal of having life under control
now really feeling I shine and I even
got up at 5:30 because I'm like you
can't want like a long chill morning and
like just stuff dawn but I think it's
like that was almost a record of how
late I found out that slide papi how can
you know let me know when you play if we
get that fine which we don't and I'll be
there one hour an event any kind of
traffic jam or anything
bye-bye big news so I haven't talked
about this trip because we I'm basically
flying in for one day to do a commercial
shoot that you guys can watch later on
but as for now it's secret so it's the
whole set the secret didn't make much
sense welcome
ten minutes later or any time but we are
doing good yes I'm with 3940 George did
really well the fascist air Airport
transfer in French Riviera
okay run George Road the Yogi's are Kirk
grab this guy I'm running thankful for
the ride
I'll talk to real soon ciao ciao God way
does this happen and he's so awesome I
was like my one goal in life to like get
better at this and Here I am again
running to the airport with a camera a
ticket how could I get out here we're
not in smart at this time is very
organized season not free money with
your price no perfect thank you so much
made it you can't
95 countries thank you so it looks like
I finally made it to the fight that was
wonderful I this morning I saw this on
the other hand it was really efficient
so I'm not all bad things so now it's
time to get back to all the work that I
was supposed to do it in the morning and
just be productive on the plane just get
stuff done okay Peralta boredom because
well canard zero out of the wall so I'd
say we go and check what penny and honey
are up to us instead well I am fine
we'll see you in a little hi Benny hi
what are you doing managing my salad
made a super nice on yeah we're still in
Monaco
and we're and there's someone missing
around yeah why'd you yawn why are you
going to you what did he say where he's
going
I don't know today nice you know sanjaya
is it
we're just at home working I'm working
on my computer I have like a million
emails - Benny is working on edit and
later on I'm going to work on this AP
and yeah we get there at home nothing
much going on it's pretty cloudy let go
for long which is nice and yeah just say
you you suck
you don't know what time your flight it
can't travel without me thanks for that
already okay back to you see you later
well good to see you guys as well I kind
of missed you already but it is nice to
see that you're not on the beach and
like doing a bunch of like awesome chill
things I am about to board my second
flight here from Frankfurt to town CONUS
hold on I should at least know where I'm
going wrong one
didn't really help me much it was just
que un which is supposed to be an hour
away from videos where I'm going for the
shoot so in a second I hope that we'll
start boarding but I gotta say that
despite like being super late to the
airport like really change in my day
around I've had it you know one of those
days where you just feel like extra
pumped like I was writing a bunch of
stuff on the plane I was writing a bit
here in the lounge and you know I just
felt creative I like feeling creative
because if I'm not great of them kind of
useless and you know a lot of different
aspects of my work so you know random
date welcome by some hot dogs here at
Frankfurt Airport but still like it
fantastic day he beats me somewhere here
where where is if you ah give this
electronic store there any new cameras
look at this but the airport in
Frankfurt full-on like ibly del tell you
anything it's like it's such a heat love
relationship with the enemies I love it
but I hate at the same time what
although every time I played with it a
bit before it's nice but it's much more
narrow what lens this you have here rest
um and then support if you are slim me
like 35 I always love its 1.4 at the
chair yeah I might actually have to
check that on the way back because they
realize that I am about to miss my
flight typical me start looking at Leica
cameras so I almost miss my place okay
the lights lights I think we are good
for now maybe I can go play with it at
least now I know where the gate is
yeah they're not boarding yet - we'll
have a quick little little walk I think
that once you shoot as a Leica M you
will never forget about the feeling and
the small like just how small latest and
awesome and everything is just cooler
with it I've been around I think tried
every camera there is and I'm still
trying to figure out different
now I had something to think about on
the flight damn it I forget everything
everywhere I forgot I had to fight today
alright now we're going to try to go
flight a little more now we are boarding
and I get to think about like us
damn you Paul risky you always make me
like you're the one that started this
whole like camera maniac thinks in terms
of balance oil my today never forget
seeing it do it again so though I think
and we made some illness the weather is
beautiful
it's like thank you ah there we go
so apparently the normal airport in
Vilnius is closed for renovations here
at landed here in Ko Ko not always
emergency places you've never seen
before
and I'm checking off tone this airport
and then we are going to drive off to
Vilnius here in a second how long is the
drive to Vilnius 100 kilometers no
goodie bags might be seeker I hate those
secret little things but I can't log so
there was no bad
thank you thank you so much enjoy thank
you I think I wish I was there longer
okay this seems to be a pretty nice
hotel like you know that when they show
you up to your room you know it's nice
but she gave me a pillow menu she said
if you want harder pillows more pillows
whatever you just let me know and that's
first for me so that's I think we should
be okay here for 24 hours and I think I
mentioned that we're here for a
commercial shoot tomorrow I can't talk
about so that's just one of those secret
things it's not that super exciting
until the product comes out anyway so
right now I think it's time to have a
shower and just chill for a second and
then I figured we're going to run a
short Q&A since well today didn't really
end up the day I was planning on having
you know being spending time in Monaco
with Yanni and Benny so I'm going to
shower I'll be right back
thank you
oh ho ho look at that see it's not so
bad to travel it was no you're on
flights a lot you get nice room service
which i think is awesome and before we
end today's vlog I think we should
probably I know a lot of you follow me
on Instagram and I posted that I was
putting Georgia up for sale and I
figured that maybe I should mention you
know a little bit about that because I
was saying like to me four days ago like
I love this car like you know I wouldn't
want to trade it for anything but then I
like started thinking like I was hanging
out with Zoltan and like looking at the
Batmobile and you know I got all these
thoughts in my head so then I just like
okay well maybe I should and then I
started getting offers and I'm like you
know what I've never owned the g-class
like I want to own a g-class I'm like
alright let's get small first and then
I've had offers drop in all day and it's
been going crazy on my phone
and then I was like wait I wonder how
big the garages in front of my building
so I had been here on down and check and
the promise that the garage is two
meters that's like where they say
delimit us and the freaking G class is 2
meters and 36 high it's like a giant
freaking super duper car that kind of
creates an issue so before I do anything
I want to check to see if I can find a
parking for a monster G class and then
we're going to figure out what to do but
in terms of me like getting stuff not
only in for long and then selling I
think it's just because I love the
creating process like I love like
ambition enlike doing all that and then
once it's done it's like okay cool it
was different with George though because
that car is just incredible so well I'm
gonna sleep on it and then we'll sort of
figure out what to do but I have some
ideas on a G cost that would be pretty
over the top so now that we've said that
I'm pretty tired to be honest because it
ended up being a stressful day I'm going
to dig into this barata and this piece
of meat and just enjoy a nice room
service spend a night by myself in a
cold room what AC I haven't quite
figured out how to say goodnight in
Lithuanian yet so I'm just going to say
ciao we'll see you guys tomorrow
over and out and we'll see real soon
oh and a title show
