and good morning today we are doing a
slightly different vlog because today we
wanted to kind of show what goes into
making a vlog and you know get a few
tips and tricks in there for other
creators and hopefully it's kind of fun
to see what goes on behind the camera
for all of you so we're going to get
right to it
step one we kind of always like to start
the blog with a b-roll segment because
you you get a good feeling with some
nice images and music and you also kind
of establish where you are and we
usually try to do this as early as we
can in the morning because that way you
have a you know better light in the
morning and I always feel better when I
start things really early because when
the ball gets started life feels good
Buddha
Oh
good morning I know we've already said
good morning once but a b-roll is not
complete until you have a good morning
at the end of it not a bad way to start
a date right I think if it wasn't for
the vlog I probably wouldn't like get up
at sunrise and like go out and have a
morning swim so that's kind of like one
of the good things about having a blog
that you realize nice thinks that you're
too lazy to do but if you have a ball
you kind of do them but on the other
hand you you've got to make sure that
you're filming your life and not living
a life to film it if that make sense so
I think it's important to find that
balance but I think it can be a good
thing it can be a bad thing but if you
find the balance which sort of it took a
while for us to figure out because in
the beginning we were just like we got
to do this we got through that and then
we were just stressing around and we
were not doing what we wanted to do so I
think if you can just find the balance
you can use use a vlog to help you do
more things and I think that's a good
thing was reward we had an awesome
morning sir which is really morning to
my more often yeah oh yeah
next the need for good did you say good
morning up okay good morning
just water double double checked because
today we're doing a blog on how we blog
all the secrets all they like everything
and stuff to number three on a day is to
come home and say how do you always make
sure to clean your hearing properly
otherwise be a really nerd you know but
but sometimes you know droves pay
attention will they go for a swim and if
they do go to swim in the ocean you got
to really really clean it out then you
just have to pray first of the memory
card works usually dot second if you
clean it out properly and ready to riot
realloc right yeah you know with that
some good success with them so even if
you shouldn't do things just for a blog
it's kind of impossible to get around
the fact that if you spend the entire
day in the apartment it's going to be a
bad vlog it'll be really boring so
moving around and being able to throw in
segment unlike nice b-roll slow-mo stuff
is always a good thing to kind of create
variety in the blog
and then we kind of have like everyday
life vlog things where you go to you
know meetings and you do boring things
and you know that's what you're doing
that day so you've got to kind of
capture the otherwise you don't have any
content so whenever we do things that we
can you know either it's all secret
stuff or you know it's too noisy and bad
then you know we either true b-roll just
a couple slow-mo shots or do some time
lapses and in this case we ran a few
different angles of the time lapse and
put a little bit of post zoom on it
which I think you know it's a great way
to capture a meeting that you know if
we're discussing bank loans like I can't
tell you guys what's going on there so I
think being creative with how you
capture secret things it's an important
part of blogging because some days
you're doing a lot of
so on this meeting we shot three or four
different time lapses and the reason why
it's nice to do different angles is
because if you have a long meeting and
you have one angle of the time lap it
gets boring pretty quickly but if you
can move around a bit it sort of you
know keeps it interesting for a little
longer and it still shows like a time
perspective so you always have to like
have so many things in your head then
kind of like remember what did I shoot
before how is that shot how does this
tell the story and my people follow what
we're doing so it's like World
Championship in multitasking hungry yeah
hungry hungry yes I am 1,000% hungry yes
but let's not film this it's way too
boring and then we have the eating part
of the vlog I think if Yanni would watch
a ball she would love to see food and
eating and all that and I agree like if
you go to a really nice restaurant and
it's a beautiful place or beautiful food
it's pretty cool to do it but if you're
just like eating to like get fuel I
think it's you know it's better to skip
it and focus on other fun things in a
day but again it's a matter of trying to
figure out what creates variety in a
vlog I mean if you never show food then
maybe it's okay to show food cuz then
that is different so I think just sort
of like trying to figure out how not to
shoot the same thing every day have you
seen what's going on that is a major arm
so the reason why there's construction
right here is because they're going to
build an island of course they're
unavailable tonight
here's a good tip for b-roll like along
my shooting stance you have something in
the way to get the night
34 ground
look I got it why do you keep doing this
it's because if you're Johnny thin in
here you come look here and then we
focus in on the boat it means that I'll
get more movement into the shot when
you're shooting high frame slo-mo ray
yes way cooler so I think one of the
main reasons that I think we succeeded
with the vlog channel which I think we
can say that we succeeded right if we
have you know 850 thousand subscribers
now we can say we succeeded one with
once we reach a million yeah but I think
the reason we got to where we are now is
because we love to film like if you just
do it because you want to get famous or
you want to get attention I think it
shows in it's different I would love to
just be behind the camera and just shoot
like a three-minute b-roll segment like
starring Benny and Yanni and that would
be like it if it was just me and no one
else in the world like it's just so fun
to shoot and film and like learn
different editing techniques and all
this so I think having passion for
filming is super key for a blog oh yeah
captain I know what this is and I know
about it yeah but this is they don't
know what this is
drama fruit and the fruit oh thank you
when the booth says your show on how we
bought today yes box opening is part of
that yes then we can show how is also
where is it tough life yeah is if you
get up there yeah oh yeah
no I be part o for you good player okay
guys thank you one player - Kimmy oh
promotion billion not to see here but
we'd get some major clean like look out
swingin I to this it's maybe the biggest
difference is underneath but we went
through and like really went deep on the
cleaning so great you know between the
toilet and like don't you clean up let
me get our next here ready ready if it
is what I think it is it's pretty
exciting
yeah I do you let everybody knows and I
don't know did you think
no those are like don't give him any any
sentencing anyone absolutely all right
let's pause this video for 2 seconds a
fruit
what could it be I know I don't know
that's true in this side who gets it
before Benny
everyone knows no a MacBook Apple well
it's time to see what the new MacBook
does monster mega full spec top because
what we wanted to try is that initially
when we tried the Dell and the Mac's the
Dell was way faster yeah but after about
three months it seems like that's not
the case anymore it feels like it gets
really like now when it's this warm here
we have to turn it off a lot of times
while we do it because our the Sun we
still think it's a faster computer
yes but the heating but I want to
compare it to that yeah yeah like for me
I use the bells Phil yeah but I don't
end it up so much video that's you guys
that's why it's slowing down and within
three months it is we're not getting
almost every day so we want to compare
here and see the current status well
anyway we're going to get back to you on
when we test this compared to the Dell
and we'll see a lot mm-hmm
so when it comes to gear and editing and
all this we could spent probably 20
hours talking about all that but I
figured that we're going to try to do
maybe a little bit of a workflow video
later on but I think if you're not well
blogging that'll bore you to death so
we're going to keep it just real short
and simple when it comes to the gear now
we are shooting the vlog with two
Panasonic gh4 bodies $2,000 I think and
lenses are roughly a thousand so as you
know we have a full crazy red set up and
we'd love the camera but since we got
this camera we kind of felt that this
does a better job than the red does
because in order for the red to really
shine you have to have a totally
different setup you have to have a big
gimbal and tripods and sliders and
everything and I think if the red had a
stabilization system like this one we
would shoot the red every day so we
should be roll with two lenses we have
this long lens all the way to 400 which
in micro four-thirds will be the
equivalent of an 800 millimeter lens if
you look at like normal Canon and Sony
mount so this is like bird
watching like craziness and normally
you're not supposed to be able to film
with this handheld so like this camera
sort of changed it all for us because we
can shoot really good stuff without
having a giant set up another huge
benefit of this is that it shoots a
hundred and eighty frames per second
which you know most Sony and other
cameras issued 120 so this will give you
more slow-motion and more filled which
matter it doesn't crop when you should
slow-mo a lot of cameras you know they
have a wide-angle but the more slow Mia
shoot the more it crops so with the red
for example it's almost impossible this
should really wide-angle slow-mo so
that's another plus on this so for V
roll we have you know we have one camera
set up for b-roll the whole time with
the long lens and then the 85 millimeter
it's a forty two point five in micro
four-thirds but equivalent of 85 so this
is like our constant like camera that
set up for b-roll and then we have the
camera that we're filming on that has a
7 to 14 so it's important it which is
the equivalent again 14 to 28 so and
that has the mic on and all that so we
kind of two cameras ready to go at all
times the there's two downsides to the
GH 5-1 autofocus now when we film we are
constantly pushing the focus button to
like find the focus so if you do
continues its not very good so that's
when sometimes when I'm alone I suck at
focus low life is not epic but now in
the summer when it's bright like pretty
much all day I don't think that's really
a problem at all but you know generally
that would I would say that for vlogging
I think the jh5 is by far the best
camera and we are not paid to say this
as you can see Oh low gross everything
is black so bought at full price no
promotion here
but if something's good we promote
attempt number 46 you get an AP also if
you're looking at this video and you
have questions make sure to hit it up in
the comments and we'll make sure to
really answer stuff you can see a coming
your life like that to the come so
you're up and we're going to try to
answer through everything that comes
with vlogging life is a vlogger that's
try something we shoulda yeah but yeah I
had a simple question and yeah so what's
it like to show your entire life to
everyone that wants to watch what you're
doing I mean what's it like for everyone
to know what kind of color of my boxers
are to be honest I haven't you know I
don't even care a ton reflect over it if
you guys see me dead tired or sick or in
my boxers it's just I don't even think
about it anymore so I think on that
aspect it's that is what it is there are
however two I would say negative sides
to vlogging number one is that since you
always have a camera around there will
be times when you're meeting people that
might not want to be on video they you
maybe you don't know if they want to be
in video so luckily Yanni works with
what she does so we're kind of like you
know working as a team quite a bit and I
help her shoot and I think if she didn't
work with what she does it'd be really
difficult to be a vlogger so if you want
to be a vlogger make sure your
girlfriend works with social media and
then of course you know my mom and dad I
don't think they're used to cameras
growing up but they seem to enjoy being
in front of the camera and we all know
that haunt loves the camera so I think
that is good but if you sometimes feel
that I'm bad at introducing people or
you know don't do proper introductions
it's because I'm you know sometimes
you're trying to keep the vlogging
low-key and like not take too much space
and like area here is a camera you know
you just have to kind of feel it out and
try to be respectful for people that
don't want to be on camera so I'd say
that's you know a little negative thing
that it's difficult sometimes basically
and then the second thing which we
brought up this summer was the fact that
we had so many people outside the door
in our outside the gate in marbella that
we felt kind of the need to sell the
house and I mean to be honest we only
have ourselves to blame for the fact
that we you know people want to meet us
and I think that it's so cool there
everyone enjoys what we do
but it's just like when you're at home
we share everything we do so when we're
at home we're just like we'd love to
have a little bit of privacy like now I
haven't been on the balcony pretty much
since I got to Monaco because I'd say
90% of the time we have people on the
street with cameras so that would have
to go under the negative sides because
it's like it's gotten so big so quickly
and I'm still like what what is
happening like how did a vlog change our
life this much so I mean we talk about
it more and more we're like where is
this going to end up like if we continue
to grow like this like can we actually
continue like because it's it has
changed you know from night to day in
the last six months which is awesome
that everybody loved you know likes what
we do I'm not going to love but that you
guys are interested but I would say that
if it continues like this we would
probably need to get a new apartment and
make sure not to film that apartment so
we kind of have a secret home base but
I'd rather you know make a deal with you
guys that if you guys can sort of just
give us a tiny bit of space when we're
at home and then whenever you see us
anywhere else unless I'm eating with a
burger all in my face we will always
stop and take a picture if you guys can
help us agree to that then we can kind
of continue showing everything about our
life and not have a secret home base so
I think that will probably be better for
everyone because then the valgus is
going to be better so I'm hoping that we
can make that deal but those are the
only two negative things the rest this
awesome I love filming we get to meet a
ton of cool people and you know I got to
meet Benny lots of the you know
everything is almost positive just you
know two little things that I would say
ends up on the negative side
since we're in the car and usually it's
really bumping the car is the perfect
time to shoot the 85 millimeter lens on
the gh 5 because that's one of the
reason we think it's the best camera for
vlogging and just have a look at the
stabilization how stable this is while
we go to me like how sick is that I know
we talked about stabilization before but
when you see that like try to do that
with any other camera and you're not
even going to get close to that so being
able to not have a gimbal it's just so
sick and then we add a bit of post zoom
on a couple clips to show you and when
we add posts whom we usually go from
from a hundred the start of the clip to
like 115 130 yet sorry but as we said
I'm not afraid to show everything so
that happens when you have a bit of
bubble water for lunch but yeah just
wanted to show you like that is insane
for no gimbal like this is no post
stabilization no nothing just raw out of
the box and then we have the aspect of
trying to figure out how to best capture
you know what we're doing I mean you
have to have a variety through a vlog
like you know you want some time lapse
and be roles and talking and like try to
always come up with new things and be
creative because I think if you give
yourself you know a couple minutes
before you film and plan a little bit
you can save so much time in editing
like here we went to a shopping mall and
in the past we've been pretty good at
walking around with the camera like oh
look at that look at that look at that
and we don't end up getting anything and
it's just like the story doesn't make
sense
so now we decided that okay we're just
going to film what we come out with and
do a quick spin transition so if you
spend a couple minutes on trying to
figure out what you're going to do and
how you're going to do it then you can
save a couple hours so I think that that
is one advice I can give is to do a bit
of planning and like try to figure out
how to be creative and that's you know
kind of when you shoot everything you do
not everything's exciting so you've got
to get better at
credit um yes Krisha successful Lulu
meet Lucifer sailor new Karuna crevices
no level even sir whose favor finally
successful generator this one this is to
organize all our stuff in the closet yes
and the basement but most of all it's
really to test with George how George
feels about transporting a lot of stuff
ah nice
I bet you then there's not many
rolls-royce owners that want to leave
home early and was able to get that gets
it hung it up looks good to me it's good
to be back to like Dominical yeah when
you're doing a lot of things you got to
make sure to stay hydrated to drink lots
of juices and lots of vitamins yes we
went all in on everything today he
looked all the comes from episode we
were just going to go get 4b oh yeah get
an ACN 80s teen does being this might be
the biggest food purchases done while
living a monocle alright I say that we
continue our fast-paced because we have
a lot of stuff and then we kind of have
the time aspect of a blog I always want
to try to make a vlog that starts in the
morning and that night and sort of you
know try to capture as much of the day
as possible to give you guys you know
good feeling so that's why we sometimes
put in time lapses during the day to
show okay we're doing computer work so
we show a time-lapse of this guy so we
can show that there's some time passing
by which is also a nice break because I
think whatever you do in a blog if you
do it for too long I know I've seen
comments that my monologues are too long
I do not like I completely agree it's
just really difficult sometimes to get
to the point really quickly but starting
in the morning and ending at night I
think you know that's always our goal
and the more they're more positive
things we can get in a vlog I think the
better it is so trying to find something
positive to end the blog with I think is
really good I hate when we end up here
with the pizza I'm like oh we're going
to watch Netflix and I think maybe now
with the heatwave and monocle and us
working out late that could be a perfect
thing because I like to
end on like a positive and inspiring
note yeah and we are back with one final
shot of today we are on the beach it's
1:9 the day took much longer because we
have so many things to do so we're out
here in the dark that whole yeah yes I
mean and who couldn't resist the workout
with this kind of view let's go that's
what happen we have pretty motivated
people that if you say you're going to
work out there's always one or two
that's going to be like we're doing so I
hope you guys enjoyed this slightly
different vlog that the guys and girls
that does vlog I got some tips and you
know for the rescue hopefully a bit of
insight of what goes on when you're
trying to film something every single
day of your life which is pretty much
the case even though we don't publish
every single day but now we got to get
the more serious things so I'd say that
we put the camera over there have a nice
little time lap of the city you tomorrow
night before a bar at boney madonna
panama and once a day Jojo
what's done guys man high five
keeper high five and sure so that was
almost it for for today I hope you guys
enjoyed a slightly different vlog again
we're trying to be creative maybe you
guys hate it but at least you learnt a
little bit more of what goes into a vlog
and you know that you can think that
it's just shooting but it's like the
Tooting parts the easy part thinking
about how to do it and constantly like
having a storyline and like remembering
what you shot that's the difficult part
and hopefully you got a bit more inside
of that I'm sure there will be a lot of
questions so make sure to hit it up hit
us up with all the questions you have
and we'll try to answer as many as we
can down here below and we are going to
say goodnight in Chow and aurevoir ah I
almost forgot this vlog is out a little
late because I kind of like didn't have
time to shoot it all before I left the
vinius but as a you know trying to make
up for it we're going to have avoid
tomorrow and the next day as well and
then it'll be one day break and then
we'll be back on Monday again so if that
made sense but three days in a row I
hope you guys like it sorry that we're
late and if we are
like it's simply because sometimes
you're planning just you know me like
optimistic and sometimes it doesn't work
out but now again we're trying a Dios or
a bar a Chau
