and good morning good morning
wait you should kill the bear like quick
at betty's uh-huh sounds peaceful today
I'm like camera did you do clear since
up oh yeah yeah master yeah can you
bring that show ready we are going to go
outside and work out yes because we've
decided that it's it's a new beginning
of a new life
again again but now it has to last
because before I'm not serious about
eating better and working out again my
body is just going to die
yeah but they don't have done now it's
not like oh like we're gonna start
working out just like that makes funny
yeah like hum blood is that motivation
was not enough for me to do it yeah now
it's a functioning body yeah this isn't
too bad no this should be okay I'm not
used to like this temperature Monica I'd
like messes up our routine why did you
go on the Jada beautiful shots and now
we're looking through a basement and
like a rushes and like garbage places
where we can't be right yeah let's get
this going before I change my mind
what's the credit growth ready we're
good ready ready ready oh you lookin
situation
oh yeah I think it's on the top five
ways a warmest workout I'll give him one
yah nice one like that I think I can
take a swim in my own puddle of sweat
but it felt good though
and every not like I've never been a
Monica with this eh we got it done yeah
and I think we're about to take the
sweatiest self is in the history of the
selfie world and we heard from two
people eating yeah we've had we've had
an audience how many something feeling
good being off my game some people left
honey that's true oh yeah I'm not
reading my face am I I look bright my
eyes are dread are they even bringing
some plugins with them okay
ice cold shower okay few one we can
better well I have an idea which one we
have a new elevator
oh yes come here at the camera no oh
yeah we were got it like you ever
no-hitter so you can do that ready and
we're coming Tanner active where'd you
go
open onion oh yes pressure outside
inside yeah oh you're really quickly
we're still in the shade remember oh
yeah
now really tasty yes I wish we could
take the left one
humanity okay
underground 35
I don't think it's Apple with us better
I don't know you're sweating I could
take oh my god
cold oh oh bye bye Joe oh my god I die I
want to die
oh yeah bye-bye
rolls-royce has really good air
conditioning wow it's so like I start it
up and it's like van full
I have an idea which one how about we
just got a couple um in the nice because
we get the bathroom carpet and like yeah
and it's like a long cold ride yeah yeah
and you can take Egan buy a new t-shirt
perfect you know what simple you thank
you but I have these short answers that
you're shopping too much I know I really
go all out in the shopping mature what a
great idea
yeah I mean what okay sorry I'm going to
shut up look at them
I'm displaying the terrific paint on
like not 64 forgive if it's one thing
that is not ethic with this car it's
that it's freaking huge and the rims are
even bigger
here is the last time I drove em oh yeah
well I was like oh my and there's like a
really tight turn around
what is the hexagon mining in this chain
George why are you not electric
maybe we can watch the Carter Center how
long does it take to get a wash for
judge document oh sorry proceed the
probe on it where is it over to inside
and outside right outside innocence
tires getting stuff done big parking
honking George twins of the brand-new
George is coming up remaining waning and
through the palm tree welcome to classic
for me it's perfect oh sorry having you
around when you need some learning
French and the official translator
perfecto there in you it used to be such
an early shopping mall yeah yeah I like
not so long ago it's like old design you
can have like house inspiration right up
here yeah I like this
lashes lashes long Oh like it soon
forgot yeah oh it's good
imagine having this on the fight didn't
you have the lower in my sense you have
to hire me place where's the more one
like joy it's like seriously like look
good I'm going to get one look it take
it I'll make a knife the weird face you
know it's working
haha is it good or good Google look at
this oh that's another one oh wow it's
pretty good too
it means the best that one's more
aggressive you're wondering why I'm
wearing sunglasses is because they have
their visions exhibition glasses not
trying to be a rock star
enjoy the other one I'm going to tell
you oh we could put this it's in the
rope yeah Matt faster oh oh I almost
have good fun okay okay government of
you not what we came for but I'm so
happy about it
I love discord there's a random things
in here soon as you leave relaxing it's
kind of nice guys look cool oh now you
look great wow I thought it was a broken
like thing for food though we gonna play
well you know what everything was
alright at the same time
oh I have now have done yeah like that
yesterday night would have been like
it's perfect if maybe this is the more
portable better version of an AC we
think - yeah one for you and one for all
what a winning store this is insane
I think any fell in love with the
tickets it it's mostly that it's so cute
it something like okay she read about
these from you oh yeah yeah I'm seeing
maybe I need we always said that we
should have dinner on the beach yeah
here is your chance Johnny so now this
is a traditional one thanks so much
then I get into the bath right this is
perfect this is a bit too much
oh this is nice this might actually here
okay yeah nice one in is it a bath yeah
maybe yeah it's nice comfy nobody needs
to be you need to be noticed like this
is absorbing every shift this is they
are like comfy - oh I like beauty on a
cafe I am today Naruto and Sai yes I
know the bed system la Cantina but I do
know that right by the water yes we have
to place Covenant
and their food and hunger you take the
bread now
the cute little guy I can see now thank
you
I'm still pursue that is it go beautiful
home and time life successful mission
even though we didn't get more we know
oh the puppies whoa
I can sit anywhere anyway yeah
successful mission we found the bath rug
yep and do you think a few random things
you're awesome I'm gonna go home and sit
on the massage hang out here oh whoa
whoa George had a bath look one look at
the Taylor oh whoa that was worth it we
should have done that a long time ago oh
yeah
what a bonus trip Wow perfect looks
great yeah okay yeah this is insane you
could have both more things guys look at
this like when we stop on a road trip
you know feel it set uh never had
anything that's cute
a little small stop me yes that's how
you see words and what a successful
random trip it is even exceed like
living in Monaco having a car the four
seater may have the biggest difference
president Sisi
George likes loud yes okay George
like that I love George
Oh George is clean it takes a lot of
bags we can all chill hang out super
cold inside cool warm on the outside
nothing to finish yours off good job
good sighs oh okay we got to get the new
elevator buttons yes number 71 come on
we need absolute music
yes indeedy of course we use the new
ceramic knife to open the box Japanese
one of course I'm going Bonnie and Clyde
Clyde without you
what whoa peachy Oh
Miche releasing some new stuff so no
t-shirt merch oh it's out of time no way
oh not something I'm done whoa I don't
know it's matchbox so when you get this
box you will get a rib
we all reach a point in our lives and
careers where we understand what matters
the most to us rev Ichi it's creating
music yeah I am excited that is what he
lives for what he was born to do he was
just a school kid when he uploaded its
first song online all of a sudden he was
performing for millions in front of a
roaring ocean of hands faces and flashes
it was a lot it was fast best year one
of each quit performing live many
thought it was at his departure from the
stage was perceived as him stepping down
for good but the end of live never meant
the end of Ichi instead he went back to
the place where it all made sense the
studio the next stage of Avicii's life
will be all about his love of making
music it is the beginning of something
new and and now you're starting to hear
what it sounds like
course you treat you I don't know like
did we ever mention the fact that I vici
bored or I gotta come with Marbella only
when I can do it to the house
the local it's nice and achieve clean
the house so maybe that made me eight
eight out of ten I feel special but fun
fact is that I only have one album
downloaded on my phone it is the true
album with a vici but now we need more I
think you can use coffee right now like
I think are we all set we're all
separately - already amazing dude judges
like look at these like synchronized BAM
missing beginning anything what's the
daily retreat now we have a new daily
receiver fans and like no more than the
cold think you have to go out and swim
nice when it's black outside like very
dark I like it where you got to come
down the order you're going to sit with
you can come with your cookies
on the eyes really nice guys okay go go
found every now and then I get a little
bit better know each nice word
can't see them anymore I can't tell you
last time I was in the water at night
night when it was like excused even if
it's pitch dark we have to go every
single day every single day
it means nice on us what about if it's
raining and it's cold in the apartment
it's raining in coat that's the nicer so
if it is kind of late I say that we say
goodnight and aurevoir it gel and
everything and we'll see you guys
tomorrow on to the date we're starting
to learn ya know
bye guys on ciao ciao ciao ciao from
Monaco
