good morning ah yeah kind of weird we
are in order anyway yeah you haven't met
me before
maybe but some of you have phones also
you know we're also a younger brother
more successful I heard that stuff it's
a beautiful morning because it's not
raining that's nice my brother came 24
hours ago I have talked to him like for
five minutes cuz he's been editing this
wedding video of late fish and how again
and now he's sleeping and he's been
sleeping for 12 hours or something I'm
going to start paint my house and being
productive taking care of my property
and it's going to be red they'll be nice
and when I'm done I'm going to take my
brother to the airport we're going to
have lunch hopefully if he's not
exporting the video or whatever he's
doing I'm gonna try to get him back to
order to make like to take part of my
life because my life is like way more
awesome than his life there's no yachts
there's like no money no rolls-royce
that's fancy dinners expensive what I
don't even have a watch there's no
sunshine sushi I don't know anyway it's
pretty good ah I think it's time to wake
him up and get this day going well good
morning to you you look good with a
vlogging setup doesn't you Maria I do an
angel SNL we're watching hauntings the
videos yesterday and Hawes needs to
start a YouTube channel because I'm
boring and on mine just work specially
in those people's I don't know I'm the
creative one but I don't get done
no you're the one with 800,000 followers
but I'm the one that should have it I
agree
well yeah I don't know why I don't have
it when we do I like try them the
bloggers walk hold it like that
now you're in focus now you can just
walk and talk and like see how it is to
feel I can say whatever I want you can
say whatever you want and then imagine
walking around in the city with lots of
people looking at you I don't want to do
that like I'm normally not the shy one
but that would not be in my comfort zone
no it's like if someone else they'll
give me what I'm painting I'm so
creative this is me
this morning mr. intro haunts blogger
I'm fully giving you the camera you get
into the blog mode
oh this unit mr. Lee good morning
everyone
what yes Sean said on the video I was a
little busy trying to edit like I felt
pressure editing waves wedding video
it's really fun but sleep not so much
but how do you like the Casa order own
son or Jonathan I love the house this is
the house by the way it's gonna be all
red like red yeah like this that I
painted now what oh that guy like that
guy yeah yeah with red window trim boom
red Rudd you're getting good it looks oh
 he's getting into character
I know well we're going Kane we are
going to drop man because we booked our
tickets yesterday and there were no
tickets from Sweden to Monaco so we're
going to go to Rhonda implied a monarch
office really nice and I think we're
actually leaving on time the place but
that's what happening one minute yeah
one minute too late if you're hanging
with me you're always on time hey we're
we're gonna spin - I know I can just
kind of like swimming to the car
I want to spin into the car and we're
like four seconds later in the car
great transition Allah I'm told the
educating haunts on vlogging here oh
look at that
there we go looks funny when I see
myself because it's always like so
surprising how good what the question is
is your brain intelligent enough to not
look at the screen
something is opening that's for sure
what hello Maria the blogger is being
born right here I can totally see Hans
in Lansing oh don't know out of the
tunnel the transitions down you have
that the Benny type into whenever you
leave now so I can just take a time off
we spin into the uncertain future of the
universe and evolve life the YouTuber
the infinite super star and the brother
to the more successful and good-looking
awesome okay so we are doing have
anything to our traveling fueling not
only a few also the famous Swedish
sausages love the hot dog yes nice okay
the G you couldn't know couldn't stay
away from the camera click the login'
out now I know we're spinning to the
exciting future yes big perhaps now even
past yes it's the future
I just think to whatever future I want
yummy
cool name Airport we are on time right
no yeah what I mean work we're on time
but we're not early we will never be
early nice seeing you
yummy yeah I will be back soon should I
grab the camera alright it's not staying
with us ciao for this time over now
I like the effect okay and then I'm
going to continue with the effect once
we've checked that there wasn't one more
effect like spin you to the check-in
your trick to the chicken also haunts I
think we got to work on your spin
transitions because the whole point of a
spinning transition is that you're
supposed to move the camera so fast that
it kind of creates a blur so you can
blend two Clips but you were too smooth
um you just going to be more violent
with the transitions but we actually
ended up skipping the check-in part we
are already know slow we're about to
board our flight here Denise and then I
met these lovely Norwegian boys three
days ago
because keo keo mister and Victor and I
promised them that they should be in the
blog yeah yeah so I get inside our book
here the titters everybody knows that
Wow ooh ChaCha okay now where you're
going to roll into the plane and we're
going to make a proper spin
you get on with you you know come over
and hold here for you Oh cold cooking
turkey so yeah thank you
cookies for me oh yeah we missed you
like it's been weird I mean we've been
living together for like four months now
yeah our relationships are really good
yeah you can learn yeah we just had a
little break
I think I'm good to miss each other yeah
then you are happy particular again do
you have a surgery and have so many
things I need to ask you about a danger
in the mouth I shouldn't call Benny five
times an hour and you were doing so
great like everything the likes the
music it was so quick like I did that
like an hour eight hours later should we
go guys yet it put it good I got this oh
yeah I'm back thinking or not follow me
god I'm so happy Don back my back I
think we've been in seven different bed
since we left obra oh yeah it's time to
chill in Monaco
it's warm here fantastic yeah yeah
George you know George has George create
oh yes George is so happy to see you how
was it to be a rolls-royce owner for a
few days it was telling about this at my
parents place actually they're like some
it seems like you have a good job yeah
totally approved and it was incredible
oh yeah yeah
monocle here we come
home sweet home
George has never been home yet a little
tight here for George is that George
will go he slept when he was born baby
has a fat mother or two and dad mom
knock ooh
yup thank our spotting game activated
yes but first we're gonna we need Pooh
yes commuter yeah we need to figure that
out what do you want the pizza kebab
hello indeed a Cuba we're gonna cost you
a bola into the boutique puppet master
Kaku Superboy - 35 minutes he said but
two seconds in blood I'm clearly doing
we order pizza but we forgot to take out
cash so we are not beginning to be a
thing and trying to count and I think
maybe we're gonna be okay this more this
more for date
I found a 5-1 3/4 I dig regret this
again
who live in the luxurious lifestyle
Monica both or anomaly where are
analytical cool okay because everything
is now officially my new favorite place
yes if they accept that you guy think
it's the best design yeah so Krista
boutique hello heart for PETA so we made
it happen because there's a will there's
a way
no yes
really happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Warner happy birthday to you it's been
firstly left I thought that you had
either gotten so old that you were
embedded 11 on your birthday or that you
were partying and didn't answer tomorrow
putting everything into specks oh I
heard those are their bag by the way I
totally knew you got those happy
birthday yeah music you know I feel like
you guys know each other
well we are not going to take up your
time not since you are packing for a
long trip year I had my birthday in like
that special gift
yeah yeah oh great we're going to end
the vlog with how you celebrated me in
New Zealand a few years ago and with
that we're going to end everything
by the payment so happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear you
happy happy birthday buddy
thank you you're welcome
this off what nothing like a good I
guess I might up a ticket our Shore
goose out to 38 years old eight
struggling sister a sec Josh speaks
tears I will get you guys back
