water for you okay thank you buying it
so excite about few things goat milk
candy is that candy or the gopis candy
goat no speaky candy delicious YUM thank
you
I'm gonna repair my hands you need to
repair those hands babe we're in do you
like that whore for myself hmm that's a
fun game we can play like this
wait did this get it closer why don't
you man coming here just to the towel
are you excited we can now yeah
you are questions I was excited to come
I know you are children that I don't
think about I know I had to go to sky
Zone yesterday you know how to start off
a vacation blog right talk about the day
you had yesterday which was terrible for
you okay well they might hold you back
in there if you talk bad about these
places on camera they're gonna be like
giving you looks next time you go in
there you know what I actually let me
take that back we'd last guys out and
Evelyn the woman Evelyn at sky Zone she
watches your videos wait really
yeah it was a really long wait and she
you know made sure we got in way she
watches mine or yours I'm not sure they
kind of blur together these days maybe
so cute now so I know you must have
video yesterday without me in the semi
on I was like excuse me yeah this is my
channel now Jennifer Lopez pretty famous
that's funny I love you I think you like
such a crusty in my I know and so the
other thing is yeah babe wait to a new
arcade British kids
it's called button mash oh you tell me
about it you really should buckle up
visa so like that so daddy day care
yeah yeah I'm telling you to buckle up
it's pretty smart
I just bring five when I say that does
it just kind out yes the adventure yeah
okay I love it I'm gonna say it every
day how you Jace every day so everyone
says call you Jason the resort
why would you call me Jace no we went
through the thing boy you should finish
oh this raikou no really story wasn't
good
sorry I meant to that we went through
the security and she's and she said just
said Oh Jace can you in your bag I'm
just fine I love it I'd even say that I
was like Jace like I was trying to like
it was just a short yeah I don't care
love it love it
call me taste how you want it if you
would that work there
they just started calling like over and
over again now they come taste the sweet
40 times because it looks a shorthand
name and so it's funny but there is a
name called chase like jyc either
somebody named J so maybe they thought
that was but then I don't know if that
was and he was getting so no Jason Jason
getting so noisy about everything and he
was so bothered by that I was like you
think not my name I was like hey can you
guys go over to his channel and just say
hi Jace in the comments and every time
you tweet um just be like Jace jyc make
it known that you don't use shorthand of
Jason my lens looks like a bird graphed
on it oh it was me sorry I had a me no
doubt about that
ooh I think I didn't have to go on lens
you could have gone anywhere
it's me that attributable I had aim
somewhere expensive lenses in a 10 or 11
I'm an expensive girl okay yeah I had
vaginal rejuvenation for $2,000 I think
I can pee out a man in our camera
that's a company sketch for the day guys
oh that Jason thinks I'm funny keeping
some hilarious you thinks I'm funny
you're clearly the only one they think
that's why I love you so much is that
because you laugh at my but I feel you
laugh a lot of people that are not funny
so I don't know how much of a compliment
that is so long she throw someone under
the bus is not but also I'm filming like
you now where it's like our double chins
all the time someone said that in your
video cuz you feel like this and the
like throughs getting a double chin it's
like no I always pad when I just film up
here well we just lost it no I know look
at that that's literally disgusting I
need to get a new head so you lose any
guys I got I bought Jason I was sugar
mama I got him a hat on a lot Aloha in
Hawaii and he almost it did do you want
to try this girl from candy you try a
baby I can't come baby they got her
dozen tiny matza I got I'd watch
everything I can't say it loudly too
much I can't say babe I can't see Jace
what are the restrictions do we have on
me
here okay you're gonna eat it okay
anything it's chewy things it tastes
like it's so interesting I don't know to
compare that to maybe like a caramel
like me inside of a painting - like I
think if there was no nothing hey that's
nice shot buddy
no man I'm talking a nougat II know I
just don't have that about with your
candy knowledge I'm very
you guys don't know about me okay this
is like exposed to you a little bit but
I think it's so cute it's like the
cutest you do can I say that isn't a
sting and I keep every stack I'd like
two in the morning me feel like goes he
was bleep like going I thought he was
like lady and I have a thing about
people leaving milla milla night so how
was your like where's he going can I
call you name and I want to hear you and
then I finally heard it the other night
cuz I was up if you go downstairs you
get little candies from my refrigerator
you either leave the rapper dancer is
open and you don't throw it away or are
you bring it up in bed and then the
wrappers are opened by the bed and I'm
like you money a little candies at night
that's your little secret and it's so
cute because he tries to act all hunky
I don't care look at that you say it's a
great move I don't wanna be numb and I'm
cells too too much and then wake up and
butter fingers open and the Reese's
peanut butter open I was like I think
it's adorable though cuz I keep it
restocking out cuz I'm like that is so
like a little kid there's nothing better
than waking up and eating something and
then they knocked me right out really
share with me my fingers for you to wake
you up yes that would be that's like
honestly goal wake you up and give you a
a butter thing and then we go back to
sleep maybe something I'll make my
Butterfinger Oh we'd really be enabling
each other even better why push your ex
that's so sweet
I'm Sookie that you do that it just
reminds me like when I was little
because I always had a snap and all and
I you know like oh my god are you again
it's so funny that's so funny but I keep
going straight
hi everybody I'm right and like it's so
cute as we were at Target and I got like
seven Reese's peanut butter cups and
like peanut M&Ms like another bag of
Butterfinger like what did she get so
verna candy like juice nice tea candle
and I don't have food in my house I'm a
ghost mater so I don't really have food
so candy I can keep restocked and I
think it's adorable because I love
watching because you were so hard
yourself with food you look a weird food
issue thing I try to just such a much
happening Comal get overrun with her
because a lot happening hearing
was their verdict on the Cobell candy
um
come on candy was great I like I'd see
let me see what we can look at this is
so new for us this is me and Jason's
first time in Cabo
double-double I should just get a third
camera you really need another camera
this is like lazy walking this is like
something I hope something happens I'm
so tired of vlogging I just hold the
camera
someone was making fun of me the other
day why because I do do that oh I love
the camera house that was hoping
something happened that one night we
didn't you didn't come when we I hung
out with your friends and you weren't
there that's what he did he literally
came in shy yells Oh frylock how's that
these your camera they're doing
impersonations of you and like your
voice and some like that and then David
like this is my transition Jason just
like like just holding the camera
doesn't really being on the camera Wow
you were freaking fraternity we're
watching me turn you like I was gonna
kill them just like that you know that
American Beauty you look good
are you back my handsome funny
Oh
oh is it so weird my oh my god
so this is what it's like going on
vacation so fine we live through this
you guys we don't enjoy this outside we
just right here
peace is on us I'm looking outside and
the camera is getting my face
yeah
what is it I'm trying to find out what
its gonna be my story today on my blog a
majority we need some finger this I hear
we're going through the gates the time
check I have of big holes to avoid so
funny
you're like reading as welcome rings we
have type disk use water and margaritas
we like to bring something margaritas
I'll try the hibiscus water ok ok I want
to taste we can taste both alright we'll
taste well thank you I don't love
hibiscus that's my favorite we Mexico in
Cabo and you I mean like do you want a
margarita or water take a water well I
thought you would we could taste like it
tastes margarita you get to get that
this was water so it's pretty good too
well we said both so maybe he's confused
maybe needs we both want bought with
somebody's gonna be both
oh my god this tunnel we like wet dream
only entrance to the hotel really really
oh my gosh I can't wait to come at night
this may be so cool
oh my god and cheese and Jays
there's the light
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my god I were
gonna do social this was in the Lifetime
movie where Alec Walton was dating his
stepdaughter Nikki Reed they came to
this place I have to show to you oh my
god I have to show to you yeah like a
long time ago
yeah Jeff Goldblum was a creepy neighbor
here oh my gosh so pretty Wow Jason are
you oh my gosh this is amazing
oh my gosh we your picture has lighting
your managers wife's are the one on the
cliff yeah so funny yeah that's really
key sushi in the pool you can swim up
that awesome
which is your room is 341 I love a
little secluded entryway that's so cool
this is Wow oh my gosh this is so cool
thank you so much oh my gosh this is so
cool
yes this is amazing
wow the view is amazing
oh my goodness room orientation Jason
Internet is faster go on the one that
says are eight feet right right for your
plunge pool outside the temperature is
around 80 - Wow oh my gosh oh that's
really cute cheap Sun Sun and two beers
I love that yeah I love that you have
your safe box and it's a fish bag that
is a gift for you
oh nice we have a beach bag gift in
there that's why that's my
yeah that's the case one more privacy -
yes it's neither top and the water is
Peter from the top he's safe is also a
gift for you oh that's so cool with the
turtle on it use it the turtles
everywhere
honey bubbles for your bathtub and the
handle on the middle on the child where
is for additional hot water pressure on
bottom turn it to the left and then
comes more hot water
I can sit there while you shower so we
never have to be a pirate I can just
watch you and talk to you everything
thank you wow this is amazing
control on and off up and down okay
battle of these needs privacy place it
outside nobody knots or coming here okay
it's fish I love that offense do you
yeah outside is here fire pit
uh-huh oh my gosh what second cool and
my movie beauty oh my god I can't wait
I'm so pretty
nice eyes working with ice already there
is no Ike machine but let us know and we
bring more eyes for you anytime okay
inside the minibar everything that is
inside is complimentary service for you
Wow Wow
Diet Coke every or coca-cola light I
guess is what they say let's go for the
mushy
you have the Mexican food in Mexico oh
you could it just did like how is that
what is that she isn't at stake is it
really good good is it right I'll try
mine first and then I will but it looks
really really good you always pick good
stuff I should always order what you
have you always pick the best stuff do
mm-hmm
and you're really good at like day
itself ah caretaker said JC he never
came without
he's gonna be no hey no butter sauce
that I don't want I don't want it the
same size oh he's so happy right now
wait really
she's my cereal you want spicy baby
would be interaction
anyway
spicy take that and I went
you were nervous about it
okay you know guys this is so good these
are amazing this is amazing
chips and salsa oh my god on the view
it's like epic no one's in here it's
like private resort come on a Monday to
Cabo
it was like what are we no one's here
and we love it I got a private little
resort these are so better love it
Jason look at my son back
daddy Jason looking like a snack over
there oh my god whole four-course meal
you look so good right now he's got some
little outfits what did you at the
flagpole Oh
I'm very proud of your outfit
you don't ever embarrass me I just want
you to have lit Instagram pics you know
well good we have multiple outfits now
for you to try tonight you got the black
polo you have the one we bought that
that full outfit we bought at the store
well Courtney you know cat I'm
babysitting his camera because I got
tired so I sat down we put the pizza and
Jason models for me anyway is we just
did a wardrobe change didn't you take a
lip pick and you look so great finder
who is this where do they get this hot
young stud of a boyfriend
international model you do good with
clothes no this is good for your body
your eyes look great this one's
beautiful you guys look at this Brett
the Marine arms
huh get to knock off you okay daddy
Jason if you insist
well this is so cool
I'll try to bog both of us in here
before we leave this location good we're
on vacation like vacation
yeah what's that what's that smoke No
thank you
nothing how you look so good
Jason look at yourself oh I love you I'm
so great when you get like some nice
clothes because now we're on cobblestone
I might fall over so much this is like
pop it down here
this is hell-bent on getting seals I'm
his snapchat fish no idea that you you
weren't paying attention
I hear they
okay yeah we might want one this is
really cool this might even be cooler
than the Maui one we did on the beach
this is really cool
should we take a picture we're like here
up there this is my new favorite thing I
feel like real life is like so pouring
out now that we've gone on like these
entities when we go back to LA I'm like
yeah but doesn't stop Molly it doesn't
top Cabo no I wish you could do this
every night which is our life every
weekend yeah not at all
I enjoy it obviously the times we have
it how well we come here it's like Pato
or something like that
no sometimes I think those days feel
even better because they've all you had
a hard day or whatever that's true our
date night when was half a tooth gray
and blue ribbon was like so amazing that
was like the such a bad day for me and I
was like so fun to just like chill out
that's true but this is like so Jason
doesn't love these he's these these very
like we didn't see the hotel
I love these to me this I think it's a
car thing oh it's tasty I had to drag
him out of bed he was sleepy it's like
kind of like a bum okay let's go
it's really something it's really ready
like this location is definitely cooler
than the private dinner we had in Maui
I mean Dane were great service and great
food but this is like you're on a salmon
and like no one else is here I love it
mr. Beach is really good is that what a
service or no soup I should try it I
like know like the shrimp part of it
it's like you don't like salad eater put
a jacket back on for his blue shirt with
his blue eyes are so pretty tonight so
amazing this is like sunset look at this
clip look at this resort that's our
resort we're staying at a hotel resort
at pickle and there's the little hey
there's a little fire the berries have
one the yellow one or that one right
there that's the one they said you know
what we should try there but that's the
one you like to be left full of not like
a little bit
I don't know there's a there's a walkway
it looked I think all that see all the
way I think it is because that's I think
I think it is wasn't the restaurant you
could ask them
we should probably we should get
reservations there tomorrow that'd be
cool
this is it's really weird Resort is so
quiet like if you look behind us I mean
there's some people like us now but I'm
finding those diners over there a little
loud she taught him to turn down excuse
me
Bilson do you think they like turn down
that we don't have any food in front of
us I mean what's coming risotto
yeah have you had that I've never had it
I don't think I was like it like mushy
right I know that's what I was getting
it's so pretty
sometimes just keeps getting more
beautiful I don't think I've ever seen a
prettier sense out or look at that cliff
restaurant bar over there next but this
fire is amazing they have a heater out
here so it's nice and warm it's a really
cool they're flankin Rock which we love
oh my god this skyways look how pretty
oh it's so hard right Jason what I just
said I anyways I got new shoes now I got
slippers on my feet this is really the
beat he was taking up my shoes and
putting shoes on me really worried about
that I think he is he's into you in
general Thanks
I was thinking about poison against me
I'm thinking
then I said take a lot of work
we know nothing honestly I know you in
this like stupid yeah like no one ever
has supposed to be on their answer I
mean no it's like stupid it sounds so
silly like no one's ever posted in their
Instagram ever as like I mean like
saying like hey I got a girlfriend and
like it puts it out there because even
Jason's like ex people have contacts to
have been like happy for you or if you
have a girlfriend it's like that's right
acknowledge acknowledge and respect that
is you beautiful right now and it's in
this sunset I love it
it'd be beautiful I want more of you to
love I love I love a worshipping every
inch of you Jason
oh we got another margarita coming this
is Iguala
yum thank you so much I never tasted
your margarita oh you did it the sorry
one was so good you have any I'll get
another one Jason don't be so dramatic
oh my god I must
I messed this up I messed up every day
daddy Jason guy Jason by the way cuz I
don't know if I filmed this on my blog
or your vlog but in the car we kept
trying to put a seatbelt on mean there
weren't sequels in the front so he
pushed to the back he keeps trying to
put seatbelts on me which is very sweet
but it's very dad look if I get close to
him and I caught all he's like see pal
I say buckle up that's true how do dads
know everything I make it up you mean uh
you do know like this vlog only so how
do you feel about our relationship
you're just filling the time of our
relationship because honestly I'm down
for that
sure we could move here like manumission
these waves crash against them yeah yes
with you I wouldn't live anywhere
partial maybe I like the valley waxer in
the valley
first of all it's our lashes eyelash
extensions not a waxer you don't put me
up for my avatar I have an eyelash women
on March 8 don't hit me up Eric dad
you're supposed to schedule things in
advance okay
yes sure she's got her 8 o'clock on
Thursday I'll pick her up you can just
do it one time I feel like now that like
the routine I go the route done anything
near you
don't know where whatever what are you
gonna be doing at a third example never
know she would try this guava margarita
before I get annoyed just kidding I
could never get into that
wobba margarita actually so good try
Africa
yeah it's so good that's really good
Wow it tastes like the Jews it's so good
is it my favorite kind of taste well
yours is the best one yeah I went I
guess the other one was good too though
but you didn't offer it oh my god I'm
totally kidding I don't care at all I
was very tired and I'll pick you over
Martine I'm just in a bit of a food coma
right Dom you've been in a coma all day
Jason tries to sleep buddy Chauncey gets
which I respect this I have not I've
only been sleeping don't worry nothing
look at how are you taking its trampo
toes retired yeah it's it's so hard if
the oh my god look at that sunset we'll
find you so pretty where's our next
vacation daddy Jay next one mm-hmm
when I go to Bora Bora hey by the way I
see all these instagramers getting
sponsored on these vacations these
fabulous vacations if someone's a
sponsor our trips please by all means do
it guys will promote you we promote
everyone anyways this place even like
the sponsor us but it's no sort of
vegetable you know what people damning
me being like lures order you app we hit
that problem did you sure about that
youtuber who sent email it's like a
hotel in Dublin asking for a free and
then he like what do you think of that
she did nothing wrong yeah I don't
understand why he hits both guys just
really hungry why would he like put that
out there why would he just ignore it
if he like what's so against it you
don't I mean I mean maybe in that
country it's like frowned upon but I
understand
if she wants to promote the hotel in
exchange for a free room yeah services
some people just don't get it especially
if the hotel like the hope the rooms
empty right it's gonna be in it I have a
thing thing with some people are so like
this entitled girl just gonna be just
turn go down on the beach we had a whole
dispute worse yeah you in are you seeing
you there were three relationships it's
not that you're the worst of them you
are it is like extremely awkward and
weird and them like they even David said
cuz I was like last night I thought like
Jason there really want me to go because
it wasn't like come come come and
David's like that or other people are
like that were like calm calm but Jason
is not like that and that's what you
should be like it really should think I
want you to come I just thought you
always knew I want to come I was like no
if you don't think home I'm not gonna
come you haven't even if I had if you
were really like please come please come
of course I would something he wants me
there
yeah but see I don't beg people to go
places because I don't I don't want them
to go something they don't want to go
but I want you to want me to go because
they want you to go I always want the
why everywhere I am but I also I don't
want you to go somewhere you don't want
to go I want to go anywhere you're at
okay fine well then now we know but
imagine this didn't want to go and then
I was like please please please come and
then you're like okay I'll go for him I
don't need you to go when I want to but
you know I want to be everywhere you are
you told me I was too clingy on Saturday
I wanted yeah but there are certain
things I'm sure that I you know I'm
jealous of everything you do that I'm
not invited to really yeah
everything even when Todd dies that the
hair on his balls
I'm super Delta that that's not wanna be
there when you shower every day I want
to be there when you there's nothing
weird oh I'm so sorry I'm sorry sir
who are you your ponies without more
than anyone else they know their guy ok
well cheers to me
I like the Sun
with bilingual check did you know I had
no idea anyone else why are you humming
about you said I love you
you're such an old soul
oh you are fail attraction that's so you
don't have I want Michael Douglas yes
oh yeah yeah yeah Alex like that
although Alex likes you a lot so you
what song is that Jason you're so
disappoint me you get every reference
that was cover was like
intellect Lee huh I don't go too much
queen
we have more food coming you guys fun
doesn't stop now when your attrition I
just got a guy he's right behind and you
were like this you can lighten it up and
you can be like he broke my heart
okay right now we should probably
already had a few over there though okay
by us worse I don't know what five right
now keep that on there so I can see it
benefits of dating someone 15 years
older than you can you shoot yeah it's
actually really white yes I can actually
without the light oh wow hey hey let me
to
and what a party everyday
ah thought of rock n roll all night and
party every day I don't know anything
else how about how about a thinking I
can't think how about we should have
went out last night we should have just
rested it is so stupid I knew it I knew
I think you ate anyways you know where
it's not turn out right
no I try but I guess that's why I say
every rose has its thorn just like every
time
like every cowboy sings a sad sad song
every rose has its thorn yeah it does
you're so smart you're so sexy I look at
you and I'm just like wow me too in the
most handsome person I ever dated
wait just a gigolo everywhere I go
people know the part selling each
romance ooh
what'd they say well there will come a
day when youth will pass away what would
they say about me when the end comes I
know I was just life goes on without me
because I know
nobody nobody no want some sweet old
mama come and take a chance with me cuz
I ain't so bad nobody cares for me
boo boo boo boo boo boo de puta rude
we see that was a beautiful I got like
that was crazy I love you more and then
I've ever loved anybody in my whole life
it's pretty good huh let me try some
there's a couple ranked look you can do
that with family my family yeah
please
it's good but we shouldn't eat the whole
thing huh it's like good but like you
need to eat all of it
right nothing the carrot cake we had we
had to eat the whole thing
or maybe I'm wrong you're wrong it is
that good we need to eat the whole thing
is good but it's like it's not something
I might it's not worth like feeling full
that like it's nothing what is it is it
like flan you get it Barry this one has
a red raspberries you like red
raspberries this might has red
raspberries no no finish you will finish
can we can wait let's take a little bite
have a bite us or the raspberries there
you go good job good job
what's going on over there well binary
non-binding binary is to two methods non
binary would be one method I think
weren't--you methods two methods you're
doing what
I mean I love you inside and out so I
don't care what you do but not my
favorite look you can do it ever you are
like I also love you but you're like
like this try not do it so what is it
you put pieces of black in your hair
like chunks of Latin yeah do you dye the
hair or is it its extensions
I guess I guess I suppose the business
you're in you have to like change your
look a lot and that like help or
something I feel bad okay there's this
great scene in Korea enthusiasm where um
where the limo driver um
drops him off and he's like so what are
you what do you what are you gonna do
now he's like well I'll probably just be
kind of a jerk he's like I just wait
here you know he's like I are gonna wait
out here he's like oh that's terrible
so like he goes into the party he's just
thinking of a limo driver waiting for
yes I know but still it's not easy
because you're like on the clock let's
tragus you're sitting down but I can't I
feel right now
no I feel like have you ever seen the
way girls think they're done it was my
goal when I saw you in 2010
not vine stop it even know what was I
did I watched all your vines
hi my favorite Jason when he was like so
then I was like what
take mine away and go how'd you guys up
yes I'm still working on mine have you
ever have you ever heard of an app
called mine no she's coming back it's an
app it's it has enough yeah where you
make videos we've been married insight
yeah thank you
just to check absolutely thank you just
the vine app rebooted thank you
I wondered where I was by what cell
thinks I'm dating actual celebrity then
guys go watch the vine where Jason's
like and then I went to McDonald's and I
was like I want fries back what I never
been a buddy like that oh you did one
cop and then I went to Burt
like stay vine and do the beep do this
stay vine here's the real question now
what happens
I'll let you touch my shoulder oh don't
turn on camera BAE
are there any sick other other anything
if you want to take that dream yep
wait you bet my shoes hun charge my
phone told me you don't like my odds
lights out let's go right now I really
can't see for once I can give me two
seconds okay ticket oh I don't need to
go to bed oh wow I know how you feel now
you want me to hold your drink my mind
I'm a money
Felix Cole is like I love this place
it's great to like it's really cool yeah
but like the Four Seasons had like oh
yeah this just too though it's excellent
thank you
okay you too thank you
Froy that one here this F the four
seasons it's just it's just more fun but
this is just more chill I mean that
because it's very fun but I could see
like why people like this better
well as close its close it's cheaper
that's true it's not such a big deal to
go that far just straight or we're gonna
be a big deal because I thought you know
that's true that's like a dream vacation
to make your vacation forever I'm in
there yeah okay I can set your phone up
here
one two three four five look like ever
area-wide waste ms Engel
haha no it's no good
still it's brilliant just see what it
looks like
that's how serious those are pretty
was that flash flash thought I did okay
right so you get closer to the camera
jason nash room welcome to my raps three
minutes just played us I'm here with
Jason niche you may know him the
collapse from fucking brandon calvillo
fucking bride jewel bitch that's right
we are the vine trees all right welcome
divine - bitch you might know me from my
vines it's just for a vanilla milkshake
you will
my Lionel Richie everybody in Top Gun oh
yeah if you keep you coming down and
walk it's getting cold
you're gonna get cold down Tricia
downtown have a song it's like whether
they do pottery and going together
without my pottery keep walking I loved
it sure
