good morning Bob
we are eating daddy Dusen
he's driving a car cause I wanted to
take the convertible but also I wanted
to drink so he already brewing it that
we already it's just gotten that hairy
bottoms is out it was fun time I learned
I learned I won't go so fast it's a fast
car it's a fast car yeah there's a
Corvette I've also been driving it like
20 miles an hour like around yeah
anything though I know I don't want to
get pulled over to let me feel it I need
it used to him we're gonna get pulled
over for being too hot
Oh oh my god Jason so that's amazing
he's like it's just what did you say to
me you're like it's just so hard and
beer like so attractive and I was like
oh my god thanks and it wasn't even on
cameras wow I really am so attracted I
don't know why someone was trying this
you're the most attractive person in the
room yeah you are
oh you're so sweet oh I'm so happy
you're back
last night was a hanging without Danny
Jason and it was a lot of fun but it
wasn't the same oh because I had no one
I could rub up on I was I played this
I'll tell you a good story anyways we're
going to Beverly Hills Hotel it's a good
story you like it actually I just
thought of it now and I said that
everyone I've ever Hills Hotel because
but it's really really far and I'm
always down to drive oh wow yeah this is
like really sick oh I should snapchat
this because I can get the filter
there's so much happening I go over yeah
yeah oh man this is really good
whoo what a pretty shot with their red
and the palm trees because look a video
Agra Fuhrer over here if we can take
this up I'm gonna say to you get a
filter yeah like oh you have one yours
where you swipe and then you get the
Beverly Hills filter look why don't you
make it you get it no okay so watch I
actually do it on yours but like you
don't have like the filters like this
where it says like Beverly Hills see
Beverly Hills well once I make it
no no you didn't though cuz when I when
I did you I was gonna like swipe for a
filter and I said it had to add filters
look you must never do it okay make it
and then just try it out like take a
picture add photo filters you never had
that before enabled icon filters the
worst for vlogging look how pretty oh my
god Jason get in this filter just just
look over just look
look how pretty that lighting is wait no
that's what I love look hey just look
Mbeki oh oh my god I love these filters
well we've ever snapchat number snapshot
when I'm around you actually oh I did a
lot of why hey where did mounting
don't you look like that well I
suggested we can just go get married
then have to feel pressure because that
would be the most romantic thing you
could do so you don't like setup
anything they just go get married seems
like a life
well we ever like commitment we said
we're going to be together forever right
right yeah yeah we're gonna be giving
four
ya can slow down why was the photo we
have forever
I want to get married oh yeah actually
it's a perfect day because it's
Wednesday and then everybody else
poorhouse you can only appear on
Wednesdays
all right well any better plan something
pretty epic from and they says I'm a
pretty at the girlfriend out slams epic
trips for you it's so much pressure to
like Jason if we don't do anything and
the blob finds out and it's grant finds
out like wow wow
I'll be called an asshole on forever
their me like wow just really doesn't
care about trash because you can't even
turn Valentine's Day with her Christmas
well lucky for you I'm someone who loves
holidays oh it's like dang
alright alright I'll try to think of
something
what do you talk about you were married
for 10 years you should be an expert at
this kind of thing that's why well you
better get good I'm real creative with
our dates even the day I set up in
Hawaii it was like wow you're really
good I think it's just a thank you it
would be nice for once in my life to
have someone panel one date for me that
look awesome and cool it is not to be on
the beach in Maui
ok I would be happy with literally
anything so think about it I'm getting a
warning and really corny now it's gonna
be like some I'm gonna be cute I have
like you traffic what am I gonna left or
straight go straight go it's like that
weird curve see if does I kind of I
don't know is that consider left isn't
bad for everyone so it's all right yeah
but like okay so I guess you technic
that you'll laugh I guess but don't go
like left left right back left into
there we go the Hollywood shores no I've
done it it's all
taking about Michael Jackson's house and
it's like just lived there anymore
lockdown no we should do it the death
tour where they take you where everyone
died in Hollywood they take you in a
hearse
you grabbed by the chateau and the road
wait you did it I never done the death
tour but like I guess I went on a tour
once and it was like the deaths were
fulfilling takes you you can like lay in
the spot where black dahlia I got
chopped in half oh you actually get out
yeah I did that we did a for Drew's
birthday like three years ago
oh you want to do the death tour oh I
know to do that could be romantic can we
pick out a death plot for us when we get
buried
like a flick up wait what's it called a
plot apply oh yeah where we're gonna be
yeah that would be so romantic you want
to do that I could do that I guess sure
no I think that was the entrance but
that's okay you can just turn around
okay don't watch this no no there's like
people we were scared about being pulled
over in everywhere double yellow line
yeah that's a double yellow line there
oh it's a double yellow okay this is
where they shot you Beverly Hills one my
favorite movies ever and love it get
that should do it love for you this is
so what why you don't mean your vlogs
anymore now that you have all the views
you don't want to give me from a promo
on your channel fine whatever
attack your channel ain't I think yeah
I love your endearing words for me
little jerk idiot there's no Spencer
nation I have cash gosh yes thank you so
much we have a Hawaii I got it just for
you special
oh my god guys look just want to show it
I was like you guys we are at the
Beverly Hills Hotel because I wanted a
drink and Benihana was too far but we
are gonna go to Benihana when I come to
you next we'll go to Benihana cause it's
close to you seems like that's more
Jason speak it's after three o'clock I
thought it'd be kind of fun to grind
11:00 a.m. when we're the only ones
sitting there at the table at the
hibachi table yeah I have it on the box
we have to do it you didn't even okay
let me set this up because you guys know
I've come here before
okay first of all I come here
Oh Brad no thank you
it's off we love the red thing yeah
perfect thank you I come here all the
time you guys to see me coming around my
sister I don't look at prices I just
like to enjoy food that's what I spend
my money huh I do enjoy food
Jason Esther in it but the electrician
we don't need to convince places like
this I was like something that fancy
burnt and I'm not talking about the
atmosphere talking about the prices $40
for a salad
how much is my 40 my burgers $43 $43 for
a hamburger I've never noticed the price
I wonder how much the drinks are it
doesn't even say they don't have drinks
on there $60 from the lobster Nicoise
$60 that you love lobster I've got the
cheapest thing I could get it
did you know you took me up 400 on our
dinner last night or two nights ago
that's fine that's you always take me on
Jason we have to eat we have to vlog
what are you gonna be exciting to watch
us blog at wendy is know everyone go to
1d he's not everyone go to the Polo
Lounge by the way you actually look
really bougie with the pink and the
green behind you it's we were just
saying it's a nice place before she does
these photo shoots and you should do a
photo shoot I wouldn't do a photo shoot
stay with Debbie Jason being a
photographer I told them we should go
get a room go by the pool I'll get us
some sit here in the gift shop and we
can do like flourishes of each other I
do I do like the way though I've never
been look at like met old magazines
like they would like she like really
okay we have to do it looks really cool
okay so we're gonna go get a room now
and we're gonna go to the pool after
this way so excited
how do your fans feel about Brett oh my
god I'm gonna have some right I got a
Bellini I wanted to come just for the
drinks alone I love buddy honey drink
sweat
this $80 glass of Bellini will do oh my
god so good oh I would an iced tea the
animator normal power $30 for the AMA
prom work I love our binding life
together but I feel like every time I'm
doing that like I was like a six second
video I think you could be really big on
bunny
really Wow coming from you my workplace
why didn't we meet five years ago or
three years ago one was mine what try to
tell you like I didn't know you back
then but when I did watch your vine
compilation' I was a little jealous that
you didn't ask me to be in it I was kind
of like what a fucking asshole for not
letting me and you know but you should
just know I didn't even know of you oh
do I still like you have so many girls
in your sketches and I was like you
should have asked me I mean your
sketches not an excuse anyways we got
burgers and fries
this is everything by the way that looks
so badly so good is it really good look
at this guy's salad tossed on his blog
why don't we silent but thank to you you
want this this is all the healthy stuff
I don't want you know you don't put Mike
pickles and stuff on your burger no
ain't it flavor ketchup or anything I
catch up an interesting I say a plain
burger
like almost like I'm Howard yes chicken
fingers and plain burgers that's what I
eat I love the kids menu mac and cheese
thank you so you can have fries and a
reel of fries no fries you love us
everyone always they force-feed you my
vlogs too because even the chocolate
cake they're all like you remember in
Hawaii like force you to eat the cake
and I was like why would you force him
to eat it why do people here I don't
know but you you're willingly eating
these I didn't really force you to eat
them you want ketchup dessert you've got
you yeah you know i don't i ketchup so
it's all yours fries no I don't like any
sauces not my thing
so we interesting yep not a catch up
girl okay a couple of things is the best
french fries I've ever had right they're
so good in the ketchup you know camera
is all mean we love it it was like
tomato
so this way I look at you I'm just like
oh my God he's so cute and so funny and
so sweet
sometimes I think you what you might not
never like walking Lola I think you were
like walking along and they can't paint
fell on your head and made you like me
and that someday you're gonna like thank
you you're gonna wake up and be like oh
man wow really
yeah I don't know why you like me so
much that's sweet oh that means good
actually because usually people are like
I know I'm the best dressers in love
with me like you know it's not like that
big like they just like uh of course
she's in love with me I'm amazing
so I like really thank you
I mean let's I'll be romantic I think I
was like that's kinda sweet of you I
mean I probably did get hit in the head
with a lot of things but I really do
love you so bad and you're walking along
the canopy a me there's a bunch of
workmen and like the next person I see I
fall in love with and I'm like and bent
down and like my back is that that was
it's like a curse where they're like the
next person that walks in the door you
fall in love with and it's like you and
then like I'm attached to you forever
I'm okay with that about that it's
Netflix Jason's a movie star and
director and I love his movies check
them out they're amazing you have a
character in your movie called Trisha
did you know that yeah
in the first movie you did there's a
girl named Trisha that is with that
comedian that TJ Miller his girlfriend
in the movies name is Trisha how do you
remember your storyline
yeah she comes over nets a bunch of coke
and her name is Trisha he's like this is
my girlfriend Trisha yeah I watched it
like a couple months ago but that's a
sign hey that's a sign that you named :
Trisha did you write that movie
yeah did you name the character do
something else name in here guys no I
did you meant to be that must be the
coke girlfriend I wanna make a movie you
can you know oh no we can't even mark
and I'd be with you every day
beer assistant and the star get away
from me like you're looking today thank
you
I like this month thing of watching you
eat out it's really enjoyable for me
mm-hmm you're really good at eating I
don't understand when you guys say that
you said that in your video yesterday
she's really good at eating I am Betty
eating damn told me I was gonna eating
I'm gonna eating who's bad at eating a
lot of people you'd be surprised I'm not
the best eater that was actually pretty
good of all the jokes he trying to hit
out of my vlogs I was actually pretty
good reach my vlog camera kisses just
come from there I can get it for you
you guys today start out with daddy's me
like I got lots of work to do I have to
go Trish I can't spend the whole day
with you Trish believe this and we got
matching swimsuits for some look at that
I got this ugly one to match him but
honestly oh that's nothing okay so we
run at this bungalow first all the kind
of room
daddy's gonna trade a standard room what
we gotta get something kind of cool I
don't tell me that cool but we'll see
and then we have this bungalow which
selects only 450
I don't like $4,000 something but open
her dancing pole so anyways I know good
pictures this isn't a videography but I
was like more on vacation and we have a
parent
thank you video today these initials I
love rose
I do love robes and I got a drink and
the pool it's like really warm yeah we
should go swimming first share yeah I
guess that one's getting done today
yeah too much no because this was I this
was a I knew today was hard yeah yeah
it's so hard we needed this after Maui
anywhere so exhaust well we got in a
little bit of a fights I thought we need
to reconnect
we're like that married couple like it's
only been a week so it's like we need to
reconnect because we've lost the spark
after a week so I felt like this is a
good reconnection place oh we're good
I can't we were here haven't even really
picture I wasn't imagining when he might
happen when he comes back well you and
Justin comes back the double I think
that I really like Justin I really like
him Joe he's really great seems very
nice you know what I really like yeah so
what what else can we talk about here to
make this well we got to a video in the
room to ingest look yes yeah um we don't
even say anything before
there's hotels like a pink and green
hotels the team we got matching swimsuit
we got matching biceps calm
I'll put the biters on yeah okay
Oh
just nice touch
commitment yard
yeah I'll put it on - no no my research
Jason laughing at his own snapchat she
does it all the time he like - so my god
I know it's it's hard when you're really
gonna think you're funny I think you're
funny I think what he chose weird little
videos it reminds me of like vine or
Instagram story comedians and I'm like
it's not a thing anymore I stopped
trying to make it happen that's not you
it's just kind of fun though to make
those kids know yeah remember not maybe
if you included me in a skit why don't I
get to be in your skirts like all the
girls that we really just gets publicity
all right we try to think of a skit that
we could go for like a line like a
seven-second one well yet you need like
well that's yeah
okay how about them but I walk in and I
say pardon me miss do you have any Grey
Poupon and then you go Grey Poupon
you want me to poop on you that's gonna
be $750 no I'm not hearing any laughter
no no you're being serious I can I
couldn't be would that be a serious sign
for you no no I couldn't think of
anything good Jason she doesn't make me
seriously I just want to be a lion star
with you that's what you're known for it
people know you for something else with
my life
so I'm sitting here with you and I
should be working on something else
let's do it like us Kenny let's see this
is an angle I gave you this game you
guys just remember it's not good I can
use that in here here because since
you're waxing you were not that hairy I
know you think it would go away I think
it grew more somebody asked somebody
email the other day free laser treatment
yeah pathetic obviously looking out for
me dad was our anal bleaching yeah I had
that in my blog today
you didn't yeah it was really funny
because I said look the whole
conversation I think started like I'm
like I don't know it's really short I
think I don't know like you don't know
what I'm like about getting my butt
bleach like everyone needs to get their
monthly test there's this very short and
random and I thought it was funny yeah
my to watch goes bad yes I can tell you
about other moments in their blog no I
can tell you about a woman no we're
probably never in it but you probably
forgot No so it started we got a swim
love you baby
- love you bye is your phase right the
revelling Hills hotel we came literally
to have lunch oh my god I came in at
lunch we ended up getting this a
cool-ass suite that we're not even like
staying in because I had to go film with
cleaning you have to undo your podcast I
just haven't got cool suite that were
not even staying in but you know today
it was fun to make noise I went to the
pool we have a little pool game and we
got to cuddle and have fun and eat and
now we are on our way when I got back to
my house I got changed just got your
podcast
I guess it's live tonight okay look we
gotta go shopping
we did so much and now I'm a journalist
I mean oh yeah watch for the pictures oh
yeah we own our we vlog lower down there
we have matching trunks it's so cool
missing whether our house it's pretty
great one side well you know what that
our news out of it so it's good for the
pool and then look you guys I go cute
Jason did a whole hotel room tour on his
basically but look how cute
like pink hotel anywhere any words of us
somewhere weird um um you know today in
school see you don't be a youtuber you
just said how cool was that were
youtubers and finally don't be a lot
