bye listen guys we've been live for
about an hour now I really appreciate
everybody hang out in the stream thank
you for the 62,000 likes thank you for
keeping us number one on the trending
because yeah I know a fucking penny more
oh don't say that Merle that you're
using me now I'm bait thanks for the 10
likes I really appreciate that we're
live streaming on my you know lifetime
he an hour long and cuz I'm were YouTube
his team's you know thank you for the 10
likes Jessie baby thank you for the 50
like coming on I'm kind of gonna wind
this down I think for a couple minutes
here
wait mister but I was a flat pan over
yeah we'll go to my Instagram your
friends not on there yeah make it you
want to see it yeah it's on here so yeah
show you right all right you just lean
over with you right here you're lying on
the slide okay that was a lot we inner
beckoned just won't see a picture of my
ass fake sent fake vegan Mississippi to
the hashtag big burger and town in real
life Breann triggered no hold on chill
out do I know how to cycle I know how to
diet right down oh yes yes okay okay oh
my god he was not Instagram oh my god
that is like even more important than
I've ever posted oh right
oh my god for sure oh it looks super
fucking charged let me see like no
reason that tail
I just put on my instrument a man
suffering world for the world's future
sometime what are you saying
so um guys on a scale like one to ten
how much did you enjoy the stream I'm
looking for this picture right now
and
Wow right now we've had a great
in a very first here the whole
private-like p.m. 10 p.m. time to
composing for this is literally we
become like all night really likes exam
I was always wondering I'm so fucking
tired it's like one and then I went back
to back like 5:30 I'm going to get shit
done I have very little time before a
big announcement and I have like shit I
got to do it so thought number one is an
El Cajon then I got a color Ratchford
ham skin so when I and I do get my spray
on so do before these eyebrows is how
they get shit real quick
I get with my - you already know
I guess about the eyebrows and mustache
wax oh my I hate done I actually haven't
seen GG's video Brad texting or today
I'm actually the CGT like any couple
days I'm so excited she's so freaking
busy like always traveling I was so
excited that she has like time and she
went hang up I love her we were talking
about we were talking about a lot you'll
see in the video but we have so much
money
good timing she's like kina haven't
taken some time off because you know she
just got she's did a video about it I
haven't seen the video yet about her
electrolysis on her face like permanent
station like facial hair removal which
is what I kind of want from my mustache
and like even my facial hair I hear that
sometimes that you get to find razor to
annoying everyone has like every
everybody has sufficient hair right but
some people are at like more or more of
it I do has was a hairy person but I
really want to get that dump it and look
brutal my thumbnail George may click on
it'll seem I don't want that I would
love a large houses like what we're by
shaving but I also hate hair so
anyway I can watch better now I just
literally go to those like to always in
my rels with that I literally just go to
liquid Vietnamese places at gmail and
charge you like ten dollars to do your
IRA I like it I mean it's like dancing
boys without charge like 50 bucks with
renovage it I hurt I don't think they
look any different but maintenance week
starts next week watch you'll get meals
and hair and eyelashes and so much done
in have to shop in there I'm gonna grab
my foundation match I love this work
brought subscreen killed
so when your husband is out walking
everywhere just got home my place looks
like a crack den I have Mays coming
tomorrow and I always give them extra
money when this is what my house looks
like it's just a mess
I was so well like I cannot keep my shit
together I don't know what's wrong with
me
I have spoon II oh I'm not gonna do like
a full-on
eating show but I will show us what I
got it's been a weird day
why is fucking depression trying to
fight it sometimes it just gets harder
and harder every day but you fight the
good fight I'm gonna show you guys what
I got excitement so I got Shechem Venga
since there is always my favorite stairs
Alex father's do one for me close to me
and close so and fan mac-and-cheese my
feet are so freaking good I can only
find them at Geoghan now it's in a weird
day again really bad just mean comments
just not even commentating to mean just
I just all makes is done I was actually
like people who don't like me that cause
they make way comments and call me a
whale or whatever I've always been a big
girls and I go on YouTube I talk very
openly about body issues my struggle
with eating body weight the aesthetic of
my body weight the health of my body you
know what I mean I have a lot a lot it's
not like something I'm oblivious to that
I pretend doesn't affect me like you
know me and like the comments I mean
make her but it's like what honey I mean
is that just that's like everyone's like
low blow but what it is it just makes me
really sad for people who don't do
social media because of nasty comments
you don't mean like or don't even like
ditching fully enjoy their life or be
happy because of mean comment
and realize and you know online it's
just it sucks
stuff like that's been bumming me out
lately but I just want you know it's
like anyone's bullying you for the way
you look or you're especially well for
me I can always seek with weight you
know don't want to get to you it's a low
blow there's that to me as like that's
the thing you're going to attack me for
honestly then I feel like I'm actually
kind of a good person like up all you
can get me for like you know what I mean
um I guess I'd rather be attack for that
than like she's a bad person or has but
that or she's like a bad personality or
she's you know not a good you know to me
are about like I said a bad person so if
that's what I rant at me for okay
you know I mean just in general this is
just blanket statements nothing like
crazy but I don't know this I'm going to
eat some up to keep our freedoms of that
on people I swear I'll never never
ceases to amaze me
I might will make yelled on I had an
intention of working out um I just
didn't anyway as we are on the beach
again blah blah putting quality time
goes smoothly and we're like five
hundred really really nice it's like
midday I love this one's from full-size
collection know that hassle omits me I
wish they did I'm an expenditure shit so
forget you I feel like I'm always
showing you guys the mainstays I saw I
was in example 119 no problem
I love it I feel really inimical to hot
dog man my daddy okay come on where'd
you get your swim suit from okay
I was your speech buddy count so you saw
so ain't good for the video though what
a bit of Eastvale I wouldn't really be
walking away for one for anything out
there your entire family
what am I then available for caroling
I'm okay I'm good wisely refereeing
bureaus can get all the exercise so now
we are all having drinks and dinner
places called the Chart House you can
see
so freaking pretty staff my mom's dress
on my sister okay no they're correct net
calories just we all have our drink
I got what is this fleur-de-lis what's
up my own on the warm and you by marina
substances Margaret where we got you a
triple cheers to our surprise
announcement
here's my guy is Allan summers I'm in or
on what near you put on got jumbo shrimp
back for acting life is that okay guys
the aftermath of our food little enough
that's right this girls walking in the
reporting MC recording dissidence up
Sonya
oh yeah no not good for me kind of okay
yeah waiting on another glass of wine
oh boy someone's tired over there I
guess
I'm so fuckin stupid some wearing these
like old ass cameras I know I can't
really live in pajamas you guys I really
live in pajamas so I get really sick of
wearing the same ones over and over it's
like if you have we had like like your
daily app that you are in at work or
school and you only have like three
outfits that's how I feel and then they
get old and you wash them so many times
is not cute well I just want a bunch of
you for your pajamas at heart I couldn't
find any and then I realize I have cuz I
was in the night and I roms and
resistors tonight but I have to be up
early tomorrow because actually a video
my deadline for but I just realized I
have these really cute pink floyd ones
that i got i don't even like being void
and i'm like the first trivet that like
I don't never got into them I've
listened to her songs never got into
them but the pajamas were super cute you
can see I'm like the worst at showing
you and I was like a two-piece set and
they just look really comfortable and
sort of a great outfit so she those
shorts cute little panicky little ruler
over there suffering to you I got a wild
socks pants back from my sister that I'd
let her borrow and I have this top even
from Target that I could have worn off
shit or through the end of this big and
I just got it everywhere maybe it just
came today we should - Ramon gave me two
green apple carries to try and then I'm
having a friend house it for me cuz I'm
literally leaving in like days from this
location not to do my biggest big
surprise for me so I'm trying to stop my
fridge and stuff originally I was
national come check in but then I found
someone who wanted to stay here which
was awesome and so the cool hopeful but
then I have to drop my car off at
long-term parking there's just so much
to be done I have a lot to do and
uploading my video and I came home and I
loaded this video because I have been
really just trying to do daily videos
and stuff and kind of get do you want to
date you one and doing what about my
love for gay men and I can't just get
enough without it it was a question but
I got a message from one of my favorite
youtubers
after who says I wasn't homosexual I
would date you wouldn't move you kids
don't know how to check them out I just
really didn't give them enough praise
and I didn't blow it on him enough in my
main channel video but he's such a cute
I love him he loves gonna throw nerd
he's Australian he's just cute sexy man
and just a banded broad and I just I
love him and just his accent and smile
and he'd get I was just during my life
but but maze came a couple other things
that weren't she is real quick and then
I moved up LA because I'm actually so
tired up so early
I know Kira mamas she doesn't even with
a bran muffin and this coffee I couldn't
find it anywhere and she knew her whole
box is so sweet the vanilla macadamia
dot so much find out tomorrow morning
she's not for him laughing because
there's like a long story it's fine not
a really great story of all tell to you
guys real quick anyways that happen um I
when I went over there like I don't know
wouldn't during wouldn't be Lester's was
out or whatever
I went over um and they have these two
Britt Lawson's are there especially rap
let's all do special just like this is a
remember both when it comes to food to
like take it even if they were saying
you're from Mariano 0 you can have it
they're just those people on the same
way like if she was a food take it like
I don't get mad like get more food but I
felt bad and how only my mom wanted it
the morning or something so I didn't
take the bran muffins and I told by its
namesake yeah that's gross always it's
so good but I know they were especially
ones like we're not special they were
just like wraps if you fresh and I'm
like image you guys don't think one's
nice and knows you know one do you for
this food and then in my bag she's
sucking that bran muffin and coffee and
how much really sweet that's what one
how that loans do see how clean it is
it's okay except stairs now I just got
seeing on it I should look sure I'll
show you up seeing about bedroom is
upstairs to love it politically overtime
before at least there's four are sheets
or not gas so anyways I'm gonna let this
upload I'm going to that let's go
upstairs I got a busy day tomorrow
oh my god a busy day for the next like
two days just non-stop it
that sunrays we said works if I was such
an idiot with African sand all over the
sandy way alters not with women of
Gina's boots look for to tomorrow night
clean clean everything I cheered on Game
of Thrones how even possibly gain from -
who here maybe I did
I'm losing my F so much going on my head
right now I can't even think guys we
publicly Wathan is cream background
yay okay I have to help him here myself
retired I threw up and literally well
thank you pictures I gave you up in like
four hours so and i shiny Shrek eonni
I'm out of breath ah I love you guys you
always cinema star do we get it well
bitch oh hi
