I'm off to seek shame perfect time at my
sunscreen and my mom and my sister
whisper some cream or lip retaining the
area and SPF 5000 what's gonna happen
admissions jump wasn't using forces are
I come in for sharing lotion and when I
get a new bikini on hand the ears are
popping
wide rated always a shop so you can
retarget
over shop ever new so good how cute so I
kind of I kind of need this between you
Jess I literally just filmed with the
caterer and hole earlier this morning I
don't need it SPF how cute hot dog and
cert coffee to begin um yes yes so cute
ah he's bags oh my god that is oh my god
the biggest coolest thing I've ever seen
ok I am forgetting this humungous I need
this
yes
thinking like that whoa
so I come so one thing and I get all
these bags such a funny story that's
like I grab my bag first off sorry
France pressure to wear out public so
many people comment on it it was so
funny
I treated like a week ago about this
dating show I was on a stratagem I got
some clothes by the way I'm excited and
I'm in the most random target location
ever this is nowhere near anywhere I've
ever lived in or near where now for you
to live so random I go in line I'm
standing behind because the cashier
girls doesn't my shirt up in the sky I
was looking in he kept staring it was
over God don't stare honorable la music
no one time see if I know her and I was
pyramid this time the great will be Greg
Wilson he's a good comic he was the one
that was on the day show the one picking
the girl and he has it picking me Friday
it was so fucking funny and I changed it
the other day and he's a guy saw your to
be ugly didn't like get her favorite it
anyway I was pretty funny so alright I'm
off the beach got what I needed I got my
sunscreen and then made it to the beach
fun fact for anyone who didn't know this
is where I used to live look how cool
this is this place was so cute so tiny
how like six units knew all my neighbors
and you can park in that I think a lot
of people like knew I was here look how
close to be just look clearly on the
beach was so beautiful it's so trippy to
be back here at this because this is
where I live for you so you can long so
we're just right like why
since the back piece is called up that
Weiler beach that's great that's like no
one ever goes here you got Trisha Paytas
right a lot of people were tweeting me
about her most recent YouTube video so
I'm gonna show - you're over oh I can't
watch it it makes me cringe Oh anyway I
can't watch myself what I'm like that um
I have no life but watching other people
live their life on the Internet
and this is very exciting to me because
I have become the biggest satisfy your
fan in the past week and I'm not being
funny I know all his vlog I know
everything about his life I like I watch
him like regularly
now before you might just climb fuck one
too young for me to have a girlfriend
three I'm have a boyfriend that's a lie
but I have an STD so I'm not trying to
see one until I get sexy so all of it I
just I like him he reminds me of a
really like cool ed Sheeran like Ed
Sheeran seems like an asshole this guy
seems like a fool at one I'm his biggest
fan
I'm obsessed he reacted to a video of my
600-pound life and he was so fucking
sweet and didn't that shame but I was
just like like thank you thank you
so anyways I was really excited because
he has he ever went to my embarrassment
you play more musicals important
knowledge in me I knew the shoutout I'm
trying to get part of all these quads on
YouTube I would love to be a part of
this squad I would love to be a part of
low gay and team ten and just every
squat I feel like there's so many
worthwhile oh it's a Teala Dunn squad
like I don't I just want to be in squad
so I'm going to I'm going to do another
reaction because I'm getting a lot of
comments and I'm very excited this is
the most publicity I've gotten in
probably five years so thank you so I
thought I would do a little special you
know what I do I have the lyrics up here
so you in the poem called sad song on
iTunes
and I myself if you guys don't know it's
a desire by the way at the end of his
videos all the people hit squad did the
same thing they also give a little
shout-out to someone who's rotisserie
owes missing the school I think is
awesome I died because I was excited
that I was in at delivery but he does
like these wraps for them well anyways
he has an abscess on an iTunes that I
listened to on the regular I don't know
all the workers always like you guys
know I'm a talker that's what I do I was
on Guinness World Records for fast
copying so it's what I do so I thought
he raps really fast I thought what if I
trying to wrap it faster so I have to
we're up here I'm going to cheat a
little bit then I'm going to unbox with
some madness that came in so or get fat
in just a second alright ready guys you
are the sunburn alright and you can get
this on a night it's about being fat
okay I'm not telling them oh it's a sad
witless link to be something
mathematically did I do I don't have a
battle in Congress when all these
feelings I have I'm just a VPN seek
excellence and I've heard her my talk to
us at that I seem to be clear it's not
gonna repeat now I hate it nobody liked
this trick it really was just come from
Amamiya someone I feel like nobody wants
your head a cute boyfriend is a hottie
so if you do this with your body I work
well could you look at you might never
rise up and use me watch my favorite
shit over there such people because this
happy little thing makes me wanna cry
sometimes without your side it'll be
alright
you're going to lick the hook we're
canceling if you're really sad
everything just turns out all wrong
if you're really sad let me hear you
sing this song what party I've ever been
to I whistle once I can I get a bottle
rocket and you know enjoy watching
Warren Ellis again people for different
isn't our network morning Mick you're
like Marcin cram daily come Clark me to
Japan or the third largest but you know
a moment campaign by said I went back to
mall and something to see I try to
return them said I couldn't hear
something to it why not make it better
grasping the moisture I probably not
register because I'm dumb stuff you
would be like me I'm just a girl oops
yeah he's making some time all right
see if I should do this a little faster
I always hope that little things to stop
remember like pretty good noida have a
platonic we know least up and how I'm
just maybe I think that's my cipher
Rachel's episode matter phenotype it
Rosanna Racine I didn't know it's like
the subjective I always just come to my
mom and summer I feel like everyone's
your her to keep with different of the
hi sorry what you do is let's do money I
wear flop it social event you may wonder
where wide-open gives you went to a this
chick now I were serious if you are a
few small things or the betting mmm
me me but a car sometimes the pastor
like it'll be all right
if you're really sad everything just
turns out all wrong if you really let me
be you're using math song
what's party I've never been one which
one once but I can again my bottle
honors it but I didn't win side about
two more in left his phone with you but
it isn't our day we good morning mobile
mycommerce comparing today we come
across some stupid over the de barcos
mama can from a fighter we're back in
the ball I said in some putting I trying
to return is Amanda here some potential
difficulties different addresses richer
I probably know my dog is representing
coming up with options of rubric away
cancer fuckin Oh bleep me it's a good
song I receive all the lyrics that's my
path dropping out of retirement so I can
get that sat out on the Scottie site
okay guys want to go the lighting just
went real bad real quick um do you guys
want to go unbox a mattress with me I
kind of wanna sleep in my living room
Power Rangers pants ok guys I rode a
pizza I thought while I waited for this
piece I've been I'm bought this mattress
oh I'm so super excited I have a third
bedroom down here and so I have two
spare bedroom I need a mattress for and
I haven't seen these mats unboxing
everywhere when loll brace has to be
dispositive the new but yes thank you
yes I might rise it up for so long and
having else home blocks
this mattress free right I'm so fucking
excited for it I am is a large base I
feel like I'm going to have a slumber
party by myself tonight iCub no friends
and if any friends was onto this video
come on and friends that's a lie I have
friends I'm going to change birthday
tomorrow
I just like to say that like right now
all right let's bring this it I gotta
knock at the door it you're all right
lying on it different hole one it nation
boxes yourself
it not too bad I'll let come through I
love that comes in the box
how of evidences and welcome I click on
black Mia in my beaded is that it's like
for the easy on box there so anything
can you locked out renounces take you
some of our videos online and egg a
little bit and look at this come to know
then they'll be a link below I can get
$50 off if you want to order through the
link you get a hundred eight free child
test this out be a sexy tiger I'm like
way more higher to this probably should
be I don't even work out something I
skipped agendas up you know what I got
unboxing I'm excited I'm so he's going
to blurt out like a camp this game one
girl one just won't happen or make
episode of whoa watch how is the
mattress the paperwork I'm never rated
workshop shows and there mmm ah
if you love watching Trish do manual
labor I feel like I woman hear me roar
I'm going away right okay I found the
best way for a single girls do this if
you don't have a warrant or roommates
maybe to turn to science fiction so
we're going to dolt lighthouse right
here connect yeah
what hi Glenn hear me roar hiya middle I
am invincible
ah ah yeah what would be forcing me some
real work internet and right up it is
the part where about something when
you're changin shit and waiting for a
reaction so we got to help with this
movie let me help
all right I'm so bad we need to disperse
Raven have my water bowl of water
wandering every stupid ex-boyfriend and
put up my sound system and put wires
everywhere trip it is expanding is it
happening Genie and Aladdin woo
compassionate I want right this way if
it really looks the same it's happening
it's happening me like this morning all
alone
oh look at this mattress look at this
giant your eyes I'm so precise with this
kind of new buttering down there for
yawning hey guys the moment we all the
way from the flop
toward you it is a watermelon from
behind ready I am in 3 2 1
Wow oh yeah why do I actually live for
this oh wow I'm sorry I like
agribusiness was he dirty probably
except over a bunch of boxes is that
recording but like no exaggeration they
are actually obsessive it oh I guess I'm
just tagging I am lesbian oh my god I
like obsessed you eyes this is like
we're doing lots of shit ever
I have a message it's a so freaking
comfortable I like it here I think I'll
leave it right here this is like
honestly so comfortable and I have this
roll and there's my TV like if that's
not adult holes this is the perfect size
of the Queen it is on a please so very
comfortable I can't
then definitely there is someone have
with the two-level mattresses what's
that call the bottom one this doesn't
have a bottom one is will someone or
something so it's like honestly so
fuckin under Bowl if you are looking for
a nice mattress affordable under $1000
for like a luxury mattress you guys
check them out like I said they have
free returns great stream service you
job because my code that they're raising
I heard a nice child try it out on a
night
I want a flute for you have my that dink
when will my dragon come to life I think
that a lot and I think part of time
strata so cool it's different like every
in your vision and if you
mmm-hmm why do I only have 1 million
followers it never I will not do today
full Tuesday I watched Game of Thrones
and now I am holding through oh my god
Ricky Dillon hey he's over at Shane's
house
I'm dying Shane you're like this very
skinny and repeatable and snapchat
that's to be terribly flips on Instagram
I like to read my own comments I go
through all my photos refresh what's
going on yeah yeah I talked to I face
times that the couple I talked about in
my main channel video about my my
relationship with this couple and I
talked to them tonight and they were so
sweet and wonderful time and it's also
good to have that conversation
Daario naharis mr. Jorah and the premier
keemstar we have to keep something
really DME oh hello keep star I just
have to BCI's around
I love the standing Thomas Sanders is
anybody I saw him this is what burning
know what I gotta angle is implied so
weird
he is amazing I love him so much heated
theatrical singer with diviner now a
tuber
why do I want this Pizza over and mad
homeboy baby want to be done
this is honestly the most constant thing
ever like I don't know why people are
couches like you want to see like Loki
do not have to like make a 30 minute
video about wild and precious but like
honestly it's like so comfortable
honestly you go to sleep I'm so tired
I'm going to eat this pizza and go to
sleep and feed much dragon g1z so want
really to no longer hungry wait so long
you're psycho but I really want to be
sweet stuff but I love pizza warmed up
like it should be really good tomorrow
to the beach say I don't want day I know
that this walk tomorrow I'll see what I
did set what it did a lot which normally
a way home in bed put the blank straw
and sleep so there's that's what I did
today so we'll hope tomorrow on his
mattress that was actually Google's
whole little holes they're actually
literally my life is all sent me to
deliver so we're still here and I'm
asleep till I say literally nice
captions every day let me my nice whoo I
am everything right gonna be whoo-whee
I got magic in my mattress and my kin
that watches mere YouTube with your
family even then these three people
people call our viewers gambling enough
the Charles Manson hope these people I
killed everybody family don't trust the
youtuber that calls the EU there they're
sucking in your calls and you don't even
know it runner going to eat pizza on
this mattress if they would really wish
I had an assistant at this very minute
to just go up and get the pizza and
deliver this mattress well what if he
just walked in the door off shoot
and ideas gone I got a receipt I need a
boyfriend or girlfriend no oh my gosh
I have something to tell you guys I
found a girl with Twitter she's gorgeous
and perfect
she seems young and she's boyfriend but
she's Polly
these are the things that I think about
why are you feeling so first in high
who needs and feelings let's supergiant
those don't exist there must surely mr.
rose that's not a real time Giants are
not real dragon said real but Giants are
not real so why do we need cathedral
ceilings I'm not in a church these are
with yelling scottysire coming for you
why don't you have stuff like youtubers
that I don't know I feel like I know
listen dude that was a really granite
one not just him success pretty wanna
say the other people Isaac
I feel like weird obsession there's this
one that Shane Andrews with you that
literally gets like I'm not even exactly
like 30 news video which is fine no
shame lead to someone who gets there to
view the video but like literally is
looking through the video she is
everything she's a trans she's
everything he actually met up with her
and her husband and I'm like tell me
everything I'm obsessed with done I
would like the channel butter that was
like a secret that I like it's like a
secret channel or maybe the person does
even want I don't know I'm not like it
I'm gonna talk to Shane about it because
it's amazing and I mean up so sincerely
as I discussed about channel
consists of random for dunya Taylor and
her baby I don't know her I met her one
time that she's like screaming for not
cool years ago literally visit hi and
that was it so she like you know her and
I'm so invested and for journey and her
life of her baby Rex and her mom I don't
know why I feel I think I feel just born
in loneliness a little a frail old lady
Oh someone left shift back in flash
assistance in a little turn back if
that's a beautiful play the one let you
back inside of joy she is gonna die
again what's up girl boom
honestly yeah just people here in 20
minutes I want to do every single video
from this what if I just did with bombs
and laying on this mattress to the rest
of my days
and they're not in lesson
Oh
what does installment if you think about
that but I had a people for me it's a
little harder
yummy ah I love it
I feel like I'm having a party with you
guys I got so much food and not even one
cream sauce entire my dragon will eat me
very slow
which one is the best light and you love
a fresh pizza dough warmed up flat
I feel from camping I really like that
and I'm not going camping before
I'm MacIntyre libel Mike we judge the
way
can you every piece that and be like why
can't I baby to be done why is it so
good I don't even understand it when
Evan on the camera I think my stomach's
so bad i if it was food too
there are no jokes all
hmm I want you to uh
I was hosting right at the top I'll stop
my life like a publisher net might be
too full remember I just want eat it to
have it last time
thanks I found some party with me
it's honestly cause they're so friggin
fun
sometimes I eat some around camera I
don't feel so low and I know maybe it's
reviewing to do the cheesy or em likes
vs and web now I'm from an awesome using
our units we've been watching this alone
makes me really happy cuz I like ya
it was everything I wanted in more you
get to see me it's not Instagram that
life is not basic for Twitter or just
get words or pictures you get the
full-blown hang out together pausing
before I second only youtubers I want to
I say it to me I get it you share a
large person realize with a month they
know you they get you I thought shared
my life the most my license and nobody
else on YouTube not even saying a little
about everyone left I'm sure every
little detail oh my gosh I like cool
things in don't know more than that
question of 95 personal life
and
I wish I was young again sometimes you I
look at young youtubers wolf they're
people narrow without a crystal brownie
oh no matter who teach I have you has no
time video for it
we're going to explore which one should
I go for is eyes with Alamelu there's no
know what six anymore bitches
but you're young fourteen to eighteen
eighteen point one so what I've done you
have so much life ahead of you
you know so much potential not to say
when you're over that age you don't
that's just a great young age I'm an off
at age you can be anything you want to
be in create who you are you're not
outdated I won't focus on my educated
they're over at learning your thirties
it's like okay everyone's adult now
Oh
I'm going to overtime Oh update so on to
our said just melt what one else I'd
like toms are like pepto-bismol for your
stomach or in multiple coders on it some
I'll investing for the mix with bread
look where I take your antibiotics may
be strong that was so low father if he's
away so much but you do
sorry guys I'm honestly let's sleep here
tonight in Columbus is when my dog was
put through enough how croaks I just
like being downstairs as I seen by my TV
I don't know there's something about it
so I'm gonna say goodnight
I love you so much thanks again too low
for a sponsoring this video it's really
cool them like I was actually so stoner
seeing people do this important school
like and one investor asleep sponsorship
it is honestly so cool so comfortable I
am like upset
I know as far as the null ceasing so
finding massive chances are they give me
not font they can be complicated
municipal but this is like a great one
just nice and soft but that fergus
issues what what so if you guys are
interested I'll link below check the
models get a discount show them love
sleep on a comfy bed and every time you
sleep on your wall you'll think of Trish
and her beats up as her tickets I love
you guys so much thanks for watching
this video as always and watching well I
don't have to hide it and when I guess
but checking up on me with everything my
stars and humor get these hmmmm bye
