we are going to grow having lunch with
an ex-boyfriend which is really weird
cuz I haven't seen them in really long
and we didn't really end on the best
terms through some lagos we feel like
over time you just forget about all the
shinyness you've had any relation wall
so see how the shows I'm actually
starving I have a clean t-shirt in my
piece boobies
sunburn AF and the Grove is popping
today oh I'm nervous intriguing spot one
in the bottom is like one minute away
what a nervousness oh my gosh why is
that one
you know
shit I don't really know what to say I
shouldn't say anything cuz this is awful
when you just don't
hey I guess I did others on the other
end of this so I know how awful it is
and how sucky it is and how you really
can't change it but you know where one
person is more into the relationship
than the other and one person like can't
see on the other that was me but see
when I was younger I can't say I'm very
sweet and very nice but I suppose
wanting to escape but it also I might
have a thing with my plans I think
Arsenal's form this site is so swollen
and and hard like to touch like rough it
just hurts so bad this I feel fine
this I feel very Maui for to get behind
us
and there's something else is secondary
but emmalin
so anyways that one that's rigor I
thought I'll be like a cute vlog I know
I kinda know
Plus nice subside of the girls I got
something for and get actually
color-matched
for foundations um which you know I like
wearing makeup you know what I realize
is I don't really have fun makeup or
good makeup anymore like I'm gonna make
up is super old I obviously know I used
to buy so much makeup like just more
makeup since I don't know where I would
go on to score and say like a thousand
dollars each time we do actually hold
you chapstick there the marquee don't
want to go back into its later that's
breaking tomorrow I'm going to go to
rematch for my tan foundation because I
like wearing makeup I really do and I
want to start doing it more so nothing
remotely I make a panic sessions that
full-time but I want to start where it
just makes me feel better like not all
the time but more than I do now which
rarely ever it just makes me feel better
I feel more put together I feel like it
can like accomplish more things we're
searching for some construction like
running out of gas the urgent care
closes in literally an hour
where I keep the last appointment this
is just a month virgin carats we have
already out address so I feel like this
is good talk about our care anyways I
got something amazing foundations I got
the cuddle on concealer which is a
foundation because that's what a lot of
doing for excuses foundation is a very
full full coverage all bases concealer
and then I got a hot body one and then I
got a press powder backup on Dean
executing eyelash extensions in like a
few days so I can't use the loose powder
anymore although I love loose powder
I actually really like translucent
powder I think that looks very nice
because I put so much of it on that
which I pressed powders eyelashes I
remember last time an eyelash extensions
this was like probably ten years ago
like literally I would use powder which
is only on the top of my lashes and it
would look really washed up anyways
chocolate would you look fixed to 4fm I
got this - I love this like my og candy
oil message Jesus all the time the IAP
is having a fun so it looks like it's
very small but you only need a little
bit but I love the Kat Von D one and I
love to do and makeup when I used her
the locket foundation in like boom so it
was good to get matching like I'm going
to go to my spray can oh and under
makeup forever compact since you owe
math and 200 just let me get Farber tube
so it was good to get matched I'm going
to go back and get the exact same things
in my hair color
oh forget me brushes you know I'm just
going to buy the necessities I need to
place it and keep it all organized and
keep it all clean use it up and if I
want to get something know when I use it
up then I go and get something new
wanting real purchasing thing I'll refer
to it except that's a normal person
trying to be a normal functioning first
more I don't like some odd things that
I'll never use and that's exactly what
fucking happened in real life I have so
much stuff good this is another thing
that has been on me for so long I feel
like oh my god I want you to make it um
shit no I do not want to turn here turn
it over
I have some resources I have literally
during Ninth Ward units now have knives
or cannon in Hollywood and in the town
is 11 somebody fucking storage units of
shit I've just shit and here's the thing
when I moved up I would get rid of half
my shit and half of one distortion I
felt like I can't part with this so
fucked up and I have all this origin is
whenever I don't care I want to get them
away and watch donate them I don't know
how like the best way to go I'm like
so confused I'm like a de left terms
there's no left turn light
some fucked up shit right here there's
no way this is so fucking beaner it's
like I'm in a lot to really melt like
there is left arrow thing you can turn
left you just go at your own leisure
this is terrifying you guys okay this is
oh my god you guys okay just let Sam the
conservation oh there was like an Arab
everybody I'm to turn actually afford
I'm just trying to live normal life and
not being excessive and like only some
money on things I need and if it's
something excessive it should be like a
vacation or something that I can join a
movie clicking older folks I'm like the
lopsided problem purposes I took five
thousand turns I wasn't take and we have
back at Urgent Care
so the sides still swollen
and they might be traveling I figure I
should just get a hundred percent for a
chapel and start on bark numbers like
adventure and lost you this was so
fucking attractive lovemaking life
pieces like um seriously so much support
I was like why are you so stinks when we
worked there was like some brands like
you want to help this nice one birthday
and link said shown definitely make it
to a peak right we're back
not as miserable as it was last time but
it has to fall a little tiny bit in the
morning and this is definitely goes more
I can feel I can feel it
I'm no doctor but
something's up
all right you guys I was relatively
quick as being less magic exception this
time
you can kind of swim before and I'm on e
packs except Zoey's if there's nothing
there
it should kill that too I love the 32 fl
because like sergeant I ride to live in
Illinois and in my old places in
California
we're like nightmare but virgin snares
were always terrible they were rude
they're always so proud or just old sick
people will all be getting sick
this one is if you guys are ever in LA
this is actually a little further so the
closest one from me but I Drive here
because it's so easy it's so clean I
never have to wait it put me in a room
instantly as soon as I sign in it's
fucking amazing it all off which is a
movie street in LA but it's so fucking
nice I'm going to give them a yelp
review they're always some fucking nice
the doctors are always so keen ice and
you don't get that music push it
Earthcare so hire another prescription I
gotta go build these ass is ass not the
whole person here on CBS and away from
home also by the way I was watching it
started start playing in my car with his
son and watching this insiders and
Carrick caption :
Savannah's wedding I was not trying to
play
usually that start crying I'm gonna save
the rest of them when I get home I want
to rewatch it it says like there Tyler I
was like this will make you cry or this
will make you cutest thing ever kind of
was so gasps medicine and when time work
out tonight it's four o'clock so I can
do it so I decided to hop over spilled
food to get my favorite shake here tell
the chocolate peanut buttery and have a
dinner selection favorite lunch box
where we happen as resignations light
let's use our drink 414 hours
in the work yes a semaphore now do all
console your friends and all they gotta
do is they don't forget my notes but I
like to verbally result a little bit
shorter
remember in here with all the healthy
people shopping usually are all scratchy
at place on earth
all right mms shop or a lobster throat
mint peanut butter chocolate ESO them
this is worth calories I normally say
don't drink your calories like if you
can help it but
nevermind of selfless moves are like my
favorite combination ever not easy
getting a single worst thing ever
officially the last time I'll probably
getting gas before my big announcement
crazy crazy we're going to announce that
you have like a newborn waiting with you
two pairs and lasso that just speak to
show you have enough fun of my first to
show you I live a wallet most album
matter which are very fun Saturday night
I'm having to afford to going home
working out wonderful it's all good
weekend don't mean anything when you
don't have a regular day job not that
much to say
