I just got my hair done and I just saw
Theon Greyjoy from Game of Thrones you
stay as a montage because they are
having its Game of Thrones somewhere
tomorrow
he is so swaggy in percent and so hot
he's like really tiny like really skinny
and small but he's so fucking fortune
and I was like I mean that this is my
life and he was both everything and I
wanted to tell him something with them I
check it out good I'm like a goober fan
I actually have an era Targaryen like
necklace in my purse
I'll show you guys when I got to the car
but there's my parents we go to Tamil
lays eggs and my drug health products
and Zoey the blond life shampoo and
conditioner she asked me up love it I
use it on my hair she was on her okay I
have left hand that are okay I am a
abolish mutagenesis I'm into it I was
like I'm getting so antsy about my big
announcement coming up sidewalk doing
lots of care for and I'm seeing anxiety
and general consensus next time look
lemon but now learning some healthy
eating show cuz I'm hungry
remember a salad and eat it in my car
like the user to which our committee
report
here okay I'm leaving
all these DCCC always ubers there are
something big happening there are Silas
going in and out took me forever to get
my car and want to do a left turn right
here um no you guys oh my god why does
it say whoa talk about ankle but I'll be
Alan okay like I'm like shuffling
together
I'll be honest I
okay Lee I'm like really when it comes
like it's just so stupid that we're like
this but it also stupid to be like
obsessed like I am so I actually went in
there um
from her
as our human skills have long red hair
one was in there he actually I saw him
because I felt like softer a little bit
like something whizzed around my fantasy
mahat was I'll wait around
notice my big bosom and wanna fuck I
know it's booked I have to fuck up I'm
fucked up like I honestly think that my
head oh we know what house backs when
they see me to see picnic oh my god what
is wrong with me anyways um he was
Hawaii as walk in person so like look me
Andre is an amazing character amazing
character and he plays it was so fucking
done but I loved it how he was reckless
in my first the entire time to could you
imagine seemed so fucking creepy but how
this around
and I was like three meters in volume
and I can't ball my book either um
Oh buddy I'd like a hot blonde to this
list kind of you Gary
right I want to do a straight damn it
can't compete with that you know lame
I hope it's on for his lot
the girls uh woke me up long life or you
can see I'm only capturing the bag shit
my bag which I love I was going on life
Camphill
the stuff is amazing about going there
I'll actually I didn't have a lot of my
help she just sometimes she's always did
free ones because that's by a tube but
she hooked me up with some free can't
finish not like are like math now we
cool
and the why I propose you to be frontier
hairstylist they hook you up sub you
Larry's my friend those are bobbies
paper alright yeah I have my aunt
literally like prettier
it was it happened I just happened to be
in my bag we just gonna go round today
but why do I stand girl so hard like I
don't I've seen like literally ever I've
seen Leonardo Gabrielle I've seen Justin
Bieber I'm just a good example like it's
cool right like it's cool to see like
watch them I feel like you know right
you want to see their movies or like
fucking talented quality tell me
whatever but there's something about
Game of Thrones and why I play stuff
it's not my first came across for sex in
real life so and it was seeing a lot of
all people all these are things like a
touch of bio but in person you could
just how like keeps hackin right he's
just a weight wag like you just know you
know I don't know there's just like
women I feel like a certain women I just
had this like raw sensuality I use know
they're fucking freaks they're just
fucking they just move sacks without
trying the commune's looking inside the
harpes come on slow drops in all three
cocks my mouth look at sexy I take a
compliment you know what I mean a
totally doesn't really work there are
some people who can just like sip coffee
and just food sexuality
that's not um but the male version that
was ham where you just feel like they
have this really big cock feeding or
commuting distance
natural-born sexuality that you're just
really attracted to and I was like so
this whole rant was about that because
don't watch Game of Thrones anyone out
because my other guy that as sometimes
right here he was seated next to us to a
committee called because my hair colors
told me originally saw I was like
freaking out and like a master like what
is her name is again it was the show
so much long life this is how I like
keep it white for like not like that way
I guess that's one one
remember little soka spot of a
missionary nation
eggshells these days when I'm a fucking
lonely bitch have no friends nobody I'm
dating I've been eating a lot on so ten
nights do like eating shows quick switch
your eyes
sell your instructions though to get
there at home
incorrectly
many cars and so freakin cute Annette
would have come when I was little what
is the lazy egg from Sanrio I'm so
obsessed this new character I think it's
new I've never really seen it before but
I can't I have like I ordered so much
shipment being real of this character I
would like so obsessed by lounge-y and
my little dragon for spring no mother
should a lot of things are against them
colors are you working held at
sorry I should say my bat recognizes
your knees jump up
great I didn't meet him cause I felt
like I was meeting him I couldn't even
breathe I really could agree it's so
fucking weird so she's I'm not like not
like I'm not super family I mean hello I
pal Drago on this side and then machine
my screen
to show you what I have on my screen
background Dario also star sorry on a
harness the original item - I don't
recall that more Emilio sarcastically a
theme
or Kit Harington I mean all of them I
would can't girl over
I hit the amount split or anything else
when turnout mentioned him publicly
maybe hold be my best looking victors
where I put up on Twitter ten minutes
back they're listening
I'm so high from hi guys so high so I
just got my color changed for like the
third time in a week I think this is
like a symbol of my indecisiveness and
unsettledness and life but if they're
like I don't even see ya I worked as I
blew it was like Robin egg like pale
blue but they caught me to not kind of
to white to pale No
I swear my indecisiveness is just the
worst I need to get brunch so then I
feel like I'll be 2 4 with French what
do we think inspired by a sniper well
she has the color nails right now I just
think I don't know it might be too pale
or maybe I'm looking at him invalid
lighting good morning y'all is an early
morning activated Malibu so bad I don't
know why I did it people boil about I
had to pee before I left the house -
it's not like a skinny model but an
identity very Davos me but I am in luck
to serve as a Starbucks civilians which
is actually like I'm with him and lock
this up deep in Malibu so I was like
driving driver driving and I wasn't
seeing any place to like stop and use
the restroom it's in Malibu which is
like obviously it's nice really work by
the way
but there is like a creepy weird like
small towel like hillbilly vibe about it
I don't know if it's just cause it's
early in the morning it's like overcast
so it's kind of communal which is
actually perfect I'm just tired I'm
street Evo today so we're really excited
about this to find out after my big
secret project is not quick secure
project you'll probably seen this after
the big secret project I'm doing but so
weird vibe y'all like weird truck creepy
people following me
I'm here for it though
I'm like I'm right on time technically
no start state until 10:00 and might
call times 9:45 it's 9:45 right now but
I mean better than me going there like
cuz we're shooting on the beach and like
not having restrooms and me holding it
which would not be good so this is like
solo put animagus cuz reality shows
right maybe its agreement with me so
weird vibe allergic I want him up here
after the session on our web tell me you
love me baby okay has only ends up saved
my life and there's a gas station right
next to which is great because that's
club one gas because there wasn't a guy
but yeah I have to do with Marilyn
Monroe I'm not supposed to be Maryland
but a cool show about Marilyn but I
can't look about a detail so it's a
really cool show be airing soon and they
found me I'm really excited about it so
now goes
see you later of course I get a little
pee on my dearest EE and you pee so bad
have a bathroom shall have white
bathrooms think of it little cute a
boys-only to play doctor but be quick
I need that bad I mean I'm skinny
caramel macchiato weird l come back and
get groceries if I I'm late and I want
to shop mole with ya - I love grocery
store so much I'm happy we have a/c same
drive y'all
uh personal soba so hungry chair coffee
eliminating
we're public auctioneers looks over
like those two really needs get so long
why was piecing let me drink a breakfast
sandwich
these all look so good I want to come
back in here and like legit shop and
there's a grocery store I looked around
forever and I think it might come back
over here anyways I got a call before I
open up there's a new bathroom to be
tonight oh now we're still waiting we're
just looking rad no rashes like okay I'm
sick a letter for us getting in line at
Starbucks what we do I'll get the world
were teasing damn it I always pee myself
well okay no you weren't you
she started her car and she's left I was
nervous
just hit my car 50 sorry I don't
acknowledge in their car
I hate that's our base if he even when
no one's around
I still fucking hold my door so don't
hit the fucking car
fuckin bitch and then tonight in desire
when she sees that I'm clearly in here I
get out she ran hold it
stupid dumb bitch but anyways elephants
before nice I just can say that to
people to me today one of my little
complex so one uh my favorite breakfast
sandwich ever which is a and bacon mmm
so good okay this will make it look
prettier and then boom I like this one
yours all the time I am almost all angry
so my shoes only a couple hours in but
after it I won't come back here another
for something to try and Malibu to eat I
never got to eat with myself
about edges barbecue place
we're so operator walk me hmm I am a
thousand wall where I learned Hank we
got switches like up something yeah you
hit my car not seem to Mike not
authorized
just hit her harm oh I was I think back
when I'm at home Lily's up here we're
really sitting there like really nice
guys for me two bathrooms
under really major got Starbucks around
squared
not even a producer's mommy was like
super frothing he's like so they're
based out of Canada he and they're just
fucked me so fuckin from me why I was so
fuckin happy
invited me I'm CJ I would not be missing
too much coffee on myself I was so
stupid
I was squatting really high and I had to
be really bad anyone get to be really
bad just flows out of you this one
there's something
I'm known it would have had more time
I'm mr. confusing said hello turn
Starbucks me out a caramel drizzle
you're a grandma drizzle Starbucks to
Jason Seifer I thought was and smells
was fucking gorgeous that these
mountains are fucking gorgeous
can I make it come let me guess without
finding cars
I'm one of those people out of them if
I'm on time that I'm late
I love the early but production always
go they always are late starting I don't
know why I was always bored out in
Russia and I was get there and I spent
hours waiting
dress won't want to pee or go back up
the other way not to pee here goes
bathroom bathroom
if that I think I can I really can't
like control it just like become so
quick and so full course
on big production said the complication
so he's not gonna release the report
didn't approve
like it doesn't cost much attention to
the arcade
nothing sauce
that's only I am definitely not a bar
holding a spot a parking
wow it's like gray on the beach this
awesome
much better see how a beautiful
just don't know
a parking spot that I passed
they're all barking like half on the
sidewalk and half on the beach and I'm
like a little nervous to do that
because returning like to thought you
guys would be just like a legit right
there so fucking for heat
I'm dying to this parking lot pay and
display public parking I think this is
what I need how gorgeous that is
oh my god I'm dying I'm gagging I'm
going to park here because I don't know
look for it you'll do better friend I
mean it would be bad luck wet this
portion is I miss the beach so much I'm
fucking moving back to the beach it's
stopped so gorgeous it's so pretty love
it
all right where is the parking lot far
down is it oh let's approach your kid
and you don't spend here there's a beach
where you going here yeah Nancy Park
series The Matrix over there you'd also
come here
got it thank you
there you go thank you
thank you that's the main beach this is
like the beach in subtract that this is
the main beach tomorrow in the corner
here hmm
it is so fucking beautiful you guys need
look at this because I just can't with
this view right now
I want to live with this view my
apartment you guys remember a nice day
department would just look at this it
was exactly the view would have there
was no buildings or house in front of it
like I was the house in front of
everybody
oh my gosh
this is new MOBA get y'all by the way
this up in a deep Malibu will meet my
husband's universally be looking guys
and civilians do I just this parking lot
there's a beautiful to it like no one's
here complaining over the restroom oh so
good to know
pains play public parking
the $3.00 spark which isn't bad
then as they can charge up to 20 bucks
pay the Friday and they could target at
20 bucks a mile weekend sometimes 30 and
no hasn't seen anyone it looks in the
production system
you
we're going to have to call him once I
figure out where I'm at and why in my
face
gorgeous an abscessed speech y'all I
guess these are all parking about so I
should probably just perk up so random
oh my god we're just like hey oh my god
so pretty
like right now
I just wish for all day I think my PSM
straight up why did I do that though the
be surrounding don't feel like it's a
lot to get here but it's actually so
flippin worth it I'm Asha the oily wet
I love and appreciate the people who do
I make up so much but they always make
you can er that I am I'm still feeling
I'm always dreaming I don't I'm so bad
with it myself I can't really see you
can make a gun and then one is all done
any Barbara that's good and I like it in
the light I go over that I look boys iam
shit I have the closer I get to my big
analysis or anxiety I'm getting only be
connect as much - it feels like a lot to
do I'm overwhelming myself I'm sore but
look closer that we have so much to do
make a bag again for our first which is
everything every to pull up and for this
let me fool me fool me oh I think I will
just check - the light by NARS it goes
with everything close to you
you just add an egg's neutron star out
go together allocation scheme yourself
joining me now all right guys I'm gonna
call them figure out where I'm still bad
Beach
so they are setting up all their
equipment plus it makes it like a 64
miss group super pretty excited is
quarter to seven has to be creating cool
moments here on the beach and super
excited
so pretty so we are wrapping up shoes
been so much money here I can't wait to
share this tires with you guys click
with me since the beach we are leaving
now I'm hungry I gotta go find some food
so we'll see how good do you see how
sunburned I am I'm stitching it hurts so
bad I feel like that doesn't even show
the true redness of my sunburn oh I just
woke up from a nap I don't know why
about gosh I was so tired today
yesterday let's go in the living room
and have a chat I'm so still so bright
help ya know what a human ate invented a
nap
oh um long day and I kind of feel like
everything's 2 p.m. so it's just so bad
I hate oh you guys know I don't want Sun
for a very specific reason I don't like
the Sun I don't like the sun damage I
have my skin has been damaged this
wasn't that beam of Sun but you know I
didn't think about Rihanna so so
overcast and I was like oh there's I got
even sent out but I know it's even if I
manage to grab that's when you get I
mean I look crazy that's when they get
the burnt the worst so I feel my t-shirt
I got back and I just kind of slept and
I I kinda feel like I'm gonna be insane
maybe that's not reason I've been
depressed as I can hip so much and
obviously on vlog I'm sick but I have
had fevers like no other from starting
from like June of this year but all
through human like probably at the end
of the week I have a two three day like
high high fever and a lot of people like
that like if it was 105
you'd be dead well it was 105 I wasn't
dead I mean the house was like fuck you
know what I mean like it's so weird so I
think I'm just like frustrated all I'm
getting sick and I'm interested other
things too but today was a long day I
yet I know how fortunate I am to
I have social media as like a job like I
am very very very fortunate because I
got home gel so exhausted and just
hungry and wanted to sleep and run me so
much of when I worked like three jobs
say I work at to be sort of thought in
or worked its political neighborhoodies
where we make custom t-shirts on demand
at the mall then I would work at the
smoothie shop right after like it was
just back to back to back working I
worked every day this is in between mic
stripping times and cranny a job I work
every day and I would ever come home and
just be so hungry and tired I just
collapse and do it all kind of next day
and I literally was just being a slave
to the grind I was just living just to
work and I couldn't enjoy it I could
never get caught up I was living the
thousand dollar month apartment that I
couldn't even afford on that like I
wasn't shopping or anything at the time
to have nice things in that apartment
this was my first apartment you look at
my very first videos he saw a like air
mattress and just a bunch of tubs in
there that's that there was no furniture
or anything and it's like people who
work hard I respect so much and it's not
it's fucked up that we have to work our
thing about this is like fucked up I
love my job I'm obsessed and I'm so
fucking fortunate I think I literally
thank God I saw this one have a thinking
every single day I don't understand how
this happened
I'm so fucking lucky and I don't take it
for granted I just I hate that people
how to work I fucking hate that shit
including my own family and stuff it's
like why why do we have to work it's
just like fucked up shit you think about
and breaks my heart people work so
fucking hard
I miss you sad it makes me sad because
all boys I came home I just exhaust it
and it made me think of my own like in
my own family so I still worked out hard
every single day you know
and again I was so fortunate as it was
shooting a fucking TV show which is fun
it's just exhausting and draining you
know you're there 12 hours a 12-hour day
and she's training but I just I just
brought me back to like times when I
work I come home and I would just
scratch I'm just so tired and no energy
for anything so for all you people who
work out there which I'm sure is the
majority of you guys I you have my
fucking utmost respect and I mean that
so sincerely I don't know it's coming
across sincerely urge anyone but I just
I wish there was something to do where
people didn't have to work very not so
unrealistic to say but or to think this
with me I'm going to motion a lot
everything so was really Ruth the queers
Instagram they want three jobs to
support themselves their parents their
siblings and they all live in like this
one-bedroom apartment and they can't eat
good food and who is so sad because like
I watch her videos because you know we
hate good foods I watched your user me
you're like honestly but yeah like I
know that person's intent that wasn't
that but I like started bawling I don't
know I have a second solution is man and
it's not some lack of working hard on
anyone's part source of a person three
jobs that's that's anything but I can't
that they deserve everything getting
romantic
pray that's what I do I pray all the
time and I am I have to think of how
fortunate I know how fortunate I just
get fucking the press and that thing
depression doesn't you know care if you
are poor if you're rich if you're
successful if you're not that's
depression of the care that just what
you're going to be fucking sad miserable
regardless of everything you have
it's so fucked up I hate it when I start
you depress and sad and can't read my
bed I said tonight Trish you know how
many people have to fucking leave the
red to go work and shit like you are so
fucking lucky you're able to do this why
are you moping you can do anything you
want you can eat healthy you can travel
and you're here fucking moping a button
it's fucked up and I get it and logic
tells me this but sorry this was a burn
up this is like so fucking gross with
some birds no I look so trashy every not
no offense to people with unperfect I
look trashy tonight I just look trashy
but I just all right guys
I should probably edit a blogger who
posted a week's
what are you suck at vlogging if I like
to do it though I truly do just when
you're fucking laying in bed all day
what you're gonna walk could you imagine
my depression vlogs ah you should have
prayed for folks who've just me
wallowing in self-pity in my bed what's
a sad sight I love you guys thanks for
saying subscribe to this channel I don't
know why you do but I love you for it
anyways here may kiss a smile gracious
right
