this could be bad I am currently at
Shake Shack my idea thought sauces
because I did a shake check one last
year my idea thought process let's do
first is your Shake Shack 2017 and I
don't really title down the Shake Shack
move buns
bomb so I thought okay like I'll do that
today
um living that buzz to be in life though
um
and then I was like you know what will
be good like oh I don't eat it there but
now that I'm here I get anxiety I get
anxiety about eating in public in
general it's really weird I mean I guess
I'm like with someone I don't get but
like eating alone in public is an
anxiety and then the thought of like
having to set the camera and film and
talk to a camera like I normally would I
don't know how it's going to work so I
might be eating in my car I don't know
it just opened everyone's here at the
gate six totally 10:59 emergency
shocking waiting into the beating or
that sucks
probably only don't say I don't wear the
clothes that I get from like gamma sans
Apple
these are gammas pants and I'm obsessed
on they're so comfortable and so soft
they make your butt look so fucking home
I just got it was my Balenciaga my Gucci
glasses I like to be a little high-end
and also a little trashy
so this house comes over here but as you
can hear there's music so copyright so I
cannot sell here but I really was going
to have a little booth week not back
there and every time music what is this
get out this day
what are you is we are going to go see
the house beautiful with Will Ferrell
and Amy Poehler
I'm so excited it was so crazy I saw
students about writing that they were
asking movies and they'd be like this
cold snap story of like a little people
that video bomb I'm always in the out
behind me too because I was feeling that
clapping oh my God my mom was hitting
such a mess amazed to get up here
she's a little dramatic but this kind of
me
holy so pretty the dairy always comes to
my developed area
especially my favorite cuz I'm out about
Hollywood is actually funny like we'll
look at you when you sell one Hollywood
do film and people like through the rest
to ignore you because they think you're
a greedy person you're like this girl's
crazy but we're entire avoider oh no
listen up here
okay
and lots of trees downstairs with
obsession however something and get
downstairs without to get this P house
does
you have clock
okay require amazing it without to get
which is pretty weird please ask you to
get down there prop here
vegan this is ever know where it mom
maybe not vegan myself
fifteen Isis
hi Kelsey notices how are you good
thanks um
thanks for the ticket I was like I don't
even get in down there but guess what
nook in I Pat Bella is going to get back
am going to park
I thought you my name is just really
crowded but that wasn't so good
hopefully though he looks okay you came
with me
but these Emily healthy eating boys
we're not going to that one we're
waiting for us seriously she's so early
we are really actually waiting for
theater shooting out all the students up
Linda go for movie parts and I'm okay
with it but oh I love the theater
perform edit that girl and snapchat her
popcorn online remove your top worm this
one sounds a little silly but I'm going
to children so I'm not caught it all in
this year it's like mucky around theater
but
this one of these always does not decide
oh it looks good
when I give this item I can sit inside
my hair grows on side I don't get acne
just like I'm bald
and I have that mean different people
hide I get a hot one for the picture
did you try that one eat it try it
uh-huh Cyril
that was good
what I'm getting hot my mom's on fire oh
my gosh ha it was it's good I forgot how
committed after that form make it less
hot calorie oh my god that is so hot I
don't know why happen actually how hot
are you really I'm like dying
no swims in all our food and supplies
are kind of mush I thought the clouds
would be a little bigger and vegan well
it was my best vegan like
oh you know wash my face and feel so
grubby you wash your hands first
so Robbie today whoo all this weave oh
I'm so much that my head will be like
that hey I thought I will give you
Instagram posted many vegan inspection
beauties are going and people are not
sure and they are super offended and
people aren't just so fucking accepted
about everything these days Jesus like I
think top called everything looks like
your fat fucking whore hope you get aids
have you dying with a fucking burn your
face off I know where you live but like
just do a joke and then people fucking
get still sententiously cheese you guys
I'm sorry
first of all no morals I'm sorry if you
were offended by it I'm going to give
that kind of apology I hate those
parents want a source I am sorry if you
were offended but I'm sorry you're
offended okay
I truly am that it's fucking since my
ancestors are toys will be funny some
people thought it was funny even this
one probably I'm a vegetarian or a vegan
I'm is fine and fuck like people you
know look if you watch my channel for
any one time you know I don't think well
seriously I feel like I wish because
whipping them so
I'm serious but it's the ones I can like
last themselves I think are everything
the ones that the energies collecting
serious I need to chill out like you
know it is one of those I think it's
touching and religion and politics to
talk about veganism I swear god I like
people get so offended like you don't
even stuff as I mentioned to be we're
vegan even I'm eating me people are just
so gross now but if you say the words
awful things like they don't I could die
I hope that into cancer like the burger
I'm just like what is life I don't even
know thank you guys I'm sorry I look
ratchet people are just so crazy
I respect me in a hundred percent game
because once the willpower of that alone
whatever the reasoning is you're doing
it for is amazing that you have that
willpower and - yeah I think if I see it
is good I'm sure there's so many
benefits if we were all vegan I'm sure
but I'm sure there'd be a lot benefits
if we were also healthy people too and
we're not all selling people just how
the world works
and it's a lot easier than done which is
may efficient make health and weight and
stuff me I mean think so we you can just
change it you have control over but not
everyone does I've run from control
there you know what's going on with
their body guys might have that day
not a bad day a weird day and ended
weird good we'll find out this we're
actually video diary up statements in at
that night and story time about weird
sex tonight I wasn't planning on going
over to someone's house after the day I
had I'm just really tired and exhausted
but ever now fella is point of all that
I'm so excited about that I'm so excited
look already I can feel a weight lifted
off me to not think about that like you
know just think you can't have it you
can't do it and on that note - of
willpower controlling myself in
temptations I'm actually going to try
any start eating a lot healthier -
starting tomorrow I do be healthier I'm
going to try and be really really strict
and for as long as I can I just I feel
like that has a lot to do with mental
health and I know it does and I'm gonna
tell me so it should feel so much better
so I didn't like workouts now or you
haven't closed it out but I'd like I'm
gonna wear not that I wear the greatest
up to the gym but why did you try this
isn't a sporadic try warehouse on the
valley all my friends have power outages
honestly that happens and I went to a
hotel which I think actually we have fun
I should do that
um this week I found a motel just go and
check in you know I feel more often
check into a hotel kind of let them wait
on me I love hotels it's like a fun fact
I actually don't love traveling I love
hotels
I feel so spoiled I mean you know I mean
you just be in the hotel where you don't
want to ruin it concierge are made
sending a simple
I can't wait to wash my face this is so
what I said the president she got my
hair animal is she is attached to these
weeds
I mean a side note though um Elijah from
Elijah and Christina video with me and I
don't ever get excited about class and
that's not sure there's a lot of people
actually one o'clock was including my
friends as I do but this seems like
really exciting as I just found them and
I was watching their dominoes one today
these are I can move on and that's very
good to me watch you watch this video
but we only have I got a so cool
tonight we will watch your videos are
now and share your views and they're so
fucking bunny
I just recently stumbled upon them and
I'm like out of the loop and there's
only one underpinning say a dozen only
Queens
thank you both of that I love it I love
it they're just them cell I love to
cordis unapologetically themselves I
think that's so refreshing on YouTube
and more more people are being
themselves I like cause back when I was
like first starting or always taking it
seriously because the yards make a video
since up to 2007 literally genore ago
2007 was reference video but when I like
started like doing it as a full-time I'm
gonna I get so frustrated CDC thing so
fuck the way they acted and Center
themselves and what they portrayed on
camera like why I'm so fucking big but I
feel like now often or to see a lot more
real which i think is awesome and again
I'm not when he's dead fuckin air
they're cool shit out there like I love
sex you know I knew but I just gotta be
so cookie cutter there for a minute I'm
like I can't take this which is why I
kind of started doing what I do on
YouTube just talking about real life
shit kind of feel like I'm still doing
that but that's a big onset of it
recently I like people is kind of you as
real possible I love that there is so
much for you here and I have still some
camp overhead several
oh my god should we pray um I thought
you can pray and come down that you have
to go on your knees to pray although I
do that a lot I actually do get on me
knees pray therefore my suffering to
that but do you pray whenever into the
crying right now and I'm praying to God
right now all right that's all right
dear lord thank you for another day
first and foremost rheometer
thank you for another day with my mother
and my whole family thank you for
blessing me with my family you see with
new friends that I have in my life and
thank you for blessing me but in
relationship with thousands of people I
am that I can punch and communicate with
I don't feel so low I also ask you give
me extra strength during at this time
with compressions you know you a bit
through I'll get through this with your
help and your guidance I know I'm loved
by you so there's a sign you can send me
an extra hug that I can feel I greatly
appreciate it
I also pray for those watching right now
maybe you are watching may you keep them
and get them happiness and hold them and
give them the strength to get through
anything any difficulties that way
through may we also be remind our
blessings
thank you for watching so many blessings
you've given me in Jesus's name of right
hey guys let's go put peens night-night
in remove hair time no hair thank you I
go oh we don't
mMmmm the way we are walking with the
week with about a week scary
people
we love this is a great box I got it
from Pottery Barn Teen I love that I
said autograph sheet like this it's so
great to keep your hair extensions in
nice all right I'm not right not wash my
face it is so breezy all my hair feels
really gross so he didn't wash malicious
threw out of it which will fit at all
that Weibo which were out tomorrow to
get that gray are you handsome son may
be productive
oh you know like wash the sins away
sometimes about matters of others but I
really mean it you feel like ruin I feel
Poulsen I don't know how you mean if I
feel it looking over you felt this
feeling you know so that means good I
know it sounds crazy to most people to
have stuck inside wrote again so and
wise
I didn't record I've been meeting with
other stuff and I really like that I
just need to get more of it oh no your
daughter Sonia
sure
my battery is gone but it'll be so much
older does it feel super Club under this
video if you click love washing her face
like this true for me my life I don't
need them I don't need dick I just need
productive in Jesus Oh me on Oh
I mean like I'm sorry for my Gorgon you
know but it feels so good as into the
hot 15a here through Vegas our outro one
set
I love you guys so very much drama they
tell me they crazy what a fresh-faced
week you're like so check me check on us
are my son and my stars in this whole
routine so I started to chill vegetables
really fucking play only do Proactiv hey
one second huh he doesn't I'll be
alright guys expressions all a state
research on theater because this will
really be it I'm gonna go on it
we're never you know please nervous for
you to me mother you know my champion
for my little baby and won the cheese
night guys
