in a wedge salad with my girls Oh
tailgater with so much you don't the
picture you should eat that looks like a
picture like that I know let me say
prepare me wait don't eat it yeah he's
just never got mom looking at my tinder
match over here normal to Beach High
feeling mom everybody wanted to know
okay but I do have to clear feeling
specific venue better wait I got a place
though and chewing mommy little mom mean
crap now you're chopping off like this
mom
no he's not well let me not going to
reveal runs went under Maryland down
here tonight self all right I got the
observers machine even Alex he wants to
chop it off donated kitchen oh yeah
alright because our food I got agent
bacon what you get oh that's a meatloaf
sandwich we know communal meal Oh smell
and you got the BLT a yummy on me what
place are we at we're in an athlete as
where the cattle the cattle will see how
Center case it looks pretty good these
look amazing in the bacon
culligan had been sick for like the past
three days my throat feels like it's
caving and I have a really high fever
this has gone on for the past my
doctor's office I just couldn't take it
anymore
but past a couple months I get these
really high fevers mystically sore
throat they told me to strap one another
time is it was like internal bleeding
when I goes away but then it comes back
and I look so close and I haven't been
really posting on YouTube or social
media
um look at the yard why is not an urgent
care I look crazy to stop this feel so
lightheaded
pious marble you hear anything from see
the conversations out there and this guy
agree but this guy's concerned daughter
watch TV show as she has like I know
your thoughts that's possible my outfit
I don't think to be plan last day like
heads to name a few her temperature was
105 more days I absolutely hate this so
much Ken Eva stuff I don't feel like
eating
hey everyone I'm Eric well I had a blog
any of the things I was like so live
logged Hospital
I don't know when I've lost in sin I
love the hospital and that's just the
Mecca should support represent Irish out
hold back in to hassle Connecticut and
more tests done
I don't know whether stress like is
there anything unusual down your throat
with the food yes and I said I thought
he would like fishing for this I was on
my pants I thought he was fishing for
this so I said what I'll do you guys
like I something sorry let me find my
makeup wipes so to me it basically sound
license asking me of a pelvic world like
lately using unusual diners roll with
and to be honest I thought maybe you'd
like some variable me piano I got to be
or something and I was really clean that
much is a kind of like dreary scar
completely clean and also excited
just because section anima testified a
year I'm nervous looking out and out of
cleanups insanity know what it had sex
lately I'm pretty careful for the most
part I wasn't careful with like did one
guy who was like so we're buying and
then so plumbing totally fine here's you
know the type of lady sweeping all
around but you know the type of don't
you might get are usually the ones where
and some additional well you know I hate
to propose new stuff obsessed so came
aboard uh but play down like I don't
think that what's causing this infection
and there's actually like a cut I don't
know that make sense there's like a cut
in my throat and does we talk election
or later a doctor that's like maybe need
your tumble out but that seems pretty
intense for a sore throat isopentane you
pencil on all week well then I'll call
that like I haven't been filming or
vlogging or anything and I actually
really hate it when it feels a lot of
touch and this is a scary scene because
I've worked 11 years in my H panel
building an audience and the leg
relationship with you guys and it just
really weird not to talk to you I can
have something to talk about
I have going so well it's just I've been
feeling depressed I think that I had to
do with the sore throat well it anyways
long story kind of short I finally
sneaks energy a couple days ago and you
know what I'm going to make a silk purse
very Friday it's really there there
really need to film videos I have
launched a video or one of the two
shoots like website and I'm opinionated
this we go hair makeup I'll look look
really cute and I'll just do it on
buckle so and and rock it out
well good idea my electrics went out in
the car around and there was one of the
biggest power outages in LA I lasted for
like 36 hours or something that lasts a
really long time and I haven't seen
around longer than I should hit the
homies on will be back up in a few hours
happened to in the middle of the day go
by the sign it wasn't really really hot
here in LA so I was like dying and then
I couldn't drove around my car and
charge my phone in the air and they
tacked and then finally midnight
take it out compassion really depresses
love and I'm just like I cover the
Romans dress and turn him over and like
shower because ever really asked me why
I had to shower at my house it was more
like I had was urban herons like that
you know to me so I had a pair of bagels
the next day and I really had to film
this video to get in by Friday night
which is right now tonight and I added
it sold it was great I got it done so it
was kind of like we're listening and I
still have a cancel on movies they're
all the does my hair makeup now because
I've canceled on her quite a bit and I'm
just from using her and I don't want to
think I'm not person but I'm not that
person to like I hate cancelling on
people when I make plans and I just end
this whole week actually people who
wanted to get together you know Queen
called me Sunday and do a class and hang
out and I'm so sad this was a chance on
her spine but Sunday I was definitely
sent with my fucking blowjob throws a
web-enabled job bro
I suspect there was like an actually
look at in fact when I like an STD
infection it was like my throat was like
cut and I had like internal bleeding
I don't know I found probably way more
dramatic than it is a telex I thought it
was dramatic I was like you know I'm
Amy's like not even a writer because it
was literally a parody care than like a
hospital doctor that they're not
reluctant but anyways but I was like
definitely things in her spot and I felt
so bad or inside as he I he anything nor
people commenting on one hand you know
the Daniels estimating out and suicide
keep that was when I got it's really
backing the depression this week where I
was just so emotive even get out of my
bed which really really really sucks
it was awful forth to what I'm telling
you fortify as a curse for me last
fourth of July and so I can say this now
in the red friends video I did it kinda
wreck fourth of July well thank you
people but Sean
he was with I want to love it
it's actually really upsetting he was
someone that he lines me about like who
he was and said and I was just I don't
know and just everything kind of made
sense and then I was alone afford to
July and he like didn't invite me to do
anything which was crazy because like we
did everything together obviously
laughter so it was a lot anyway so not
anything to bring up I don't know why it
did but a fourth device but then this
one time before I know invited me do
anything and this was lasting so much
and partially it's my fault I get that a
lot of times I it fucking sucks having
depression like chronic depression
because it is a feeling that you can't
explain
like you want to go out and do stuff but
you physically can't
like what get up to you and look at your
thumb in the air like even though pee I
don't even ice with a mirror here I
can't even like look at myself okay I'm
disgusted with myself like it's a
fucking weird thing I hate it
it's awful because I should work himself
to Vaughn he knows people cuz I know
it'll make me feel better but I I can't
and look at myself and I just I want you
like I would say dive let's be dramatic
I just want to hide forever
I guess it's traumatic oh but this is
one thing I gotta get through be nice we
could once you not get stuck to these
next couple weeks I know everything like
my world didn't change you know in a big
way so I'm just trying to get through it
because I have like a big adventure
ahead of me and I just try to get
through my school weeks and I know I
will and I'm really excited to be on
this adventure that I'm going on because
it's big and I'm excited for this change
they need it and people really Qi just
dislike PJs on his Little Mermaid
booties that I got from tired of it a
while ago since I woke up with this
pollution cue actually and yeah anyways
I feel good I feel like in film some
videos until overproductive I felt bad
that I was putting up so many
pre-recorded videos this week it's
actually why I did the pre-reform videos
for mental health is but the funny thing
is I didn't really need men topics they
really enjoy getting up my camera and
like expressing my thoughts to you guys
so I kind of really haven't needed those
because this was like a good form
expression but this past week eight I
just couldn't bring myself to I guess
express myself so I mean how I worked at
once this week - only one fourth of July
Oh 100 riyals done I feel like I showed
you guys yeah I got some done on 4th of
July that was actually really not great
Danny but it was it was fun productive
and I just see I just see someone on
frontage July was trying to be sadder
with next boyfriend and it was really
sad and somehow happy I wasn't in but a
whole like unhappy I beat him but it was
definitely a sex thing which made me
feel worse and really trying to be
celibate I've been having a lot more sex
lately than normal well I think that's
like once I have to wait for a single
person is good right but I was
not wanting to sleep alone I slept with
this 1% and spent the night was really
great at some feminised in a while
because I had warned them to or I did
not want to and it was cool to have
someone do it and I really liked it and
missed it and it was like comforting
having someone they sleep next to you
and so I'm you can really mess up a
relationship and and realize like this
sex is all kind of meaningless and
without my craves is what I found out
it's not weird is that a weird weird for
me I know but I found out that I craved
and but I have to be very French and
obviously he wasn't we're just fine and
even the casual talk is not the end of
the person I mean I just know I fought
hard for me I do enjoy candles that I
love it when I'm around little hooks
this is exciting
Oh jamesy thank you um I love James
James and asked me to hang out tonight
I haven't made time for him but anyways
why are we it respects right ha ha ha so
I go from the thing I hated myself to
out of it but yeah anyway I'm helping
kind of my week you guys thank you guys
for sticking with this channel I love
blogging I love what I do I love YouTube
when I summers day it's like there's
something in me that was that I love I
love talking to camera I love
storytelling a love you know laughing at
my wife and laughing at myself it's all
funny I'm sharing in and I just tried to
stop videos we Wi-Fi forces the down
mountains are our power key back out
today and then of course Mel
anyway hi guys I probably am going to
end the vlog here who seems a little
bourbon all right I look like I'm also
bad I can't wait my soul weave and
permanently my statement not separately
but you know because I've been wearing
clippin again it's like a depression
thing where when I have a short hair I'm
usually pretty depressed meaning I don't
want to go out where I am to tape in it
means I'm loving life and I'm ready act
really really active and want to like
hang out with people because I'm great
at any moment with the long hair with
the short hair the Caliph dislocates
itself as myself to not hang out but and
simplistic oh I am going to go to sleep
because I have worked really hard today
actually for considering my state but I
will out at you guys probably tomorrow
with all the clips together and let me
go so much so I said it's nice and cool
now huh and I'm going in this bed
doesn't look so beautiful but to me it's
heaven right now I love guys I'll see
you real soon here my kitties open a
picture let's not take that for a lovely
fish eat that
