good morning guys took my weave out I
woke up like this I'm on my live show so
hi live show people I just took out all
of these and it feels so good I was like
Alicia block last night was a ruff ruff
good night I had drank two bottles three
one two and I just showing you now my
cute shorts for Abercrombie that I'm in
love with and I ordered some pancakes
I'm going to eat with you guys live I
love doing live eating shows because you
often get food with me tripod
you also get food with me and eat and
chat so this is the last show I would
like this was kind of I love watching
your vlogs hi everyone this is you now
I'm usually on you now too I'm always on
your comp lash Trisha Paytas and I do
feel alive hi love ha ha ha I'm not
drinking the vodka yeah um so I just got
up and I just um good night last night
my hair look so crazy I wish in his long
though it was like longer but actually
really cute so I don't know I was kind
of laws of my day-to-day which is like
working out as I'm we're celebrating
Drew's birthday tonight okay then so I'm
a lot up I have to go to hike that have
to work out but I'm going with the train
to work out so that is my day go crazy I
look crazy in a wall camera cue and live
show I once here alright guys I am going
to go as you have lovely Miss Lucas here
so these are the best pancakes ever I
get them from do cars that are amazing
and so thick and fluffy I just have some
bacon just poured a little okay I'm
still alive hi guys the LIBOR they're
about to eat we'll just watch it like up
I practice blog and tell you guys but
hmm you know very important that I show
you think aches cuz I think it's not
weird to actually be out of you now
those who are watching me vlog which
makes me always a little uncomfortable
even though I can
see you guys it's always been
comfortable so it's about this high for
persuasion but a thrust is old one all
business too much mm good morning guys
I'm so excited for Glee update so glam
today is gonna be really exciting I
think I'm gonna try and vlog some of it
because there's some special effects
core in it like I'm stoked so this week
and next week well today and then a week
from today it's like really sick you
guys all sorry um I am doing my videos
I've been doing a lot of Game of Thrones
because lately one ms of scream groans
what - the premiere is July 16th on HBO
and I'm like so fucking super stoked and
I'm like I'm such an like I'm such an
advocate for you guys to watch it before
the next season starts because it's show
cuz it's almost over this is the last
season but I think it's like a two-part
like season 7 so I think it's like
here's like six episodes now and then
likes except I think I don't know but um
I'm such an advocate for it so like if
you haven't seen it's like on iTunes and
all that shit and Amazon I think like
it's really really part you guys watch
it and I love it so much and some of you
have fetish like I started watching this
with you even if it sounds nerdy or
dorky or like you're not like fantasy
shit like I think you would like it and
I say that cause you guys are viewers of
my channel and as you like you guys like
similar thing if I do it's a lot of
violence like a lot of form and a lot of
sex but a lot of like pretty costumes
and hair and good-looking guys and
they're looking women and it's like
romance and then there's like but like I
said like war it's you know strong
female characters just crazy
relationships like in sexual
relationships just like crazy shit
happening and it's kind of like I said
if you like my videos I feel nuts not
compared much my states of stick tape
with their own but I feel like if you
like my kind of content sense of humor
and like vibe overall if you would like
Game of Thrones because it's like
literally everything I'm about so yes so
I'm doing a special effects makeup today
which I'm really excited about but I've
actually super excite about our next one
because the next one
is wherever the master today attack a
mash-up - but I am just I'm so excited
about this so I'm doing that next week
and then the following week and filming
a show for a pretty big Network and then
the following week I'm leaving for my
surprise announcement which you guys
will know then the following following
week so I have so much to actually do in
the month of July like a lot like I was
kind of just telling all this month of
June because I knew I had a lot to do
with July and even more to do in August
and then when I come back it's just
going to be fucking crazy so I'm like
preparing myself
I love being busy though because like
honestly I'm taking this break I've been
just chilling it's been nice but I'm
like itching to do stuff you know what I
mean like I'm like oh hi leg um so yeah
so that's what I'm doing
um last night was so much fun drew and
Shane came over and we celebrated Drew's
birthday which is a lot of fun and
caught up with them I was so much fun we
watched YouTube videos I'd even know my
Apple TV worked where did your Apple TV
work on my TV set up last time Nick yeah
like we're going to probably so it works
I haven't touched it since but I'm gonna
get space today and we'll see how it
goes I'm super excited so yeah oh but
not only that not only doing special
effects makeup which I'm like super
excited about I know I just like I kind
of not burnt out but burnt out from
doing the clay I like doing glam I love
it you know but between my fallout with
someone I loved dearly that did my
grants inside like that I think it just
didn't seem as exciting to me to create
Inanna meme he's he was a talented and
special hairdresser so it was always fun
like no matter what I wanted like you
could create and I feel like he was so
talented and like I can say this even
though we don't talk and we don't speak
anymore but he was like he's definitely
one of a kind like there's no one that
compares to his talent so I guess it
just wasn't as fun anymore
for me to glam I feel like to do it and
I still like to get pretty and stuff but
you know it's very dissolved pretty
la hair that a lot of hair just do and
it's fine I like it you know it's
actually so the Ana's has been like this
like awesome because of Game of Thrones
like she's like the braid clean-ish
which has been awesome actually to find
her so
but today monique is going to be doing
my hair makeup and special effects she
does it for my music videos for like
background and stuff like that so I'm
really excited for her to come over and
do this and then I'm getting cakes today
cakes cakes cakes pigs and then I'm
going to try and take them over to my
mom's house because I always my arm I
always have leftover cake and I throw it
out and I feel like it's a choice in the
mom my sister I was like bitch bring up
take over so I'm going to try and bring
the cake over to the Rose tonight and
maybe some a night cuz I think she has
off tomorrow and my mom for those of you
don't watch my live shows my mom has
been having some health issues which is
a super scary because my mom like is not
a complainer she is like not someone who
ever says if she's sick she like she
just bucks up and like dipped through it
and like doesn't complain my mom never
complains or anything but she's been
playing a lot about um like numbness and
her fee and the side and her hip and it
just is like scary the numbness thing
scares me a lot and she's like in pain
when she walks on her hip and her side
of the family has history of heart
disease you know my grandpa died super
young like 62 I think a heart attack
like so I get really nervous about that
kind of stuff and like I said my mom
never complained so I mean that's not
like going to see her but you know you
just stuff like that it's like you just
I pray so hard and I know she'll I'm
sure she'll be fine
it's just you should be cancer right so
I feel like she's pretty strong bitch
but it just reminds you like life is
precious and short and it's precious
like time with your family is really
important and I have to make more time
especially lately I think because I've
been isolated in my house and kind of
just like bombing I haven't had that
much energy but I'm when I get a Tuesday
hopefully I don't know what time the
cakes are coming but if I can get the
cakes film and then go over there it'd
be good so
and I'm going to start I'm going to vlog
more I've been doing a lot of live shows
we're so for tonight look at that
haven't been doing much so I kind of
just do live shows where I talk to you
guys like in real time so I feel like
that's kind of where I get that bass but
I know a lot of you guys like the blogs
and like kind of like talking to camera
sort of things so obviously I'm going to
need a blog and all that'll be good so
anyways alright we'll see how the
process goes today
see where the day takes us off we will
get a good of vlog out of this and
potatoes do it so I guess you could say
I'm a little obsessed with this glam
today let me just show you guys in the
mirror real quick look that Pony though
oh this is amazing my wound is
everything she even did like the veins
and we did this really pretty clamp to
get back around like I don't know I'm
trying to get like closeup of this shift
but like it's like foiled it is so cool
the scar is so cool I'm like obsessed in
so many ways I have a bay right here you
know my little girl well babe
Daenerys aka Mackenzie with her dragon
and then I have to elbow baby one stroke
oh baby super I am up I don't know
people are like what do you even get
dressed up for well I'm doing an acid
Game of Thrones eating show which is the
H we'll do it earlier I don't know
because I have fun and I'm a youtuber
and this is what I do because I don't
leave my house I just dressed up as Khal
Drogo because I can this was just fun
well I think obsessed I don't know I'm
just like literally I'm pretending I'm
in Game of Thrones
by the way why I want season five so
everyone's like oh and she only gets
past season one I'm on season five and
actually next week we are doing another
sort of gender swap Game of Thrones
cosplay and it took another gruesome one
so I'm kind of like going through the
characters now and I'm going
recruit like they're deaf and then do a
TV show or something just like a sit for
fun because I don't know I'm a big kid
and I don't ever want to stop so and I
may bring a name well we're going to go
we're going to fly with all the dragons
in the sky and my little game of Thrones
sort of I don't know what this would be
considered looks like fighting the
dragon don't fall out there I'm a little
shrine I'm so excited to see these cakes
I can't wait to show you guys but I
haven't seen them I mean I've only seen
a little bit of a pig but not done yet
so this should be very interesting all
right you guys I'm about to do an eating
show with the dragon eggs lemon bundt
cakes ah so cute
oh my god I am so excited my girl hooked
it up sweets raises are a bus to an
eating show and I just want to show you
guys to bring the PS dental system
that's a that right probably not a the
cake and also while I'm eating I think I
got this box from a subscriber and I
think in my um box that I just have like
a lot of ideas I got a little tired
actually cuz I've been up kind of like a
long time and I didn't really sleep that
well last night so we have some energy
now that I saw all these goodies look at
this is amazing oh my god what what is
made out of this is just some Ella Kagan
in there Samet
delay these back leaves and rice krispie
treats the front legs are there smaller
just fondant the heads cake and then
this mount is a more fun date
oh my god and it is so amazing guys this
is Tracy from sweet serenity how many
she does all these cakes and she does a
big one for rewriting with her own
speech and is amazing I love it so much
and then the lemon cake and what are
these me I was looking at these and I
was one of these dragon eggs me Adam hey
really yeah okay
like little cakes top dragon eggs bigger
than cake pops right a big cake really
oh my god cuz you guys will eat all
these you guys know where everyone's
like I can't believe she ate the whole
heart that
laughing I mean I'm more as all the
lemon cakes in their office amortized so
you can't wait to do this eating a salad
this is amazing and I love the rice
krispies like because rice customer
favorite thing you make like you make
the rice krispies and I honestly like to
take a cigarette krispies I could have
stopped eating but I loved it so sighs
there's a bunch of cake
yes me I'm naked thank you figure I'll
shape this prosthetics all very
complicated
oh my god I have so much to take off you
guys don't even know where to start you
know what there is gonna be a prop we
are one box now I just thought it'd be
cool to see you think it takes this I'm
going to need a mirror
probably just just peel peel the plastic
off like a scab I'm going to killing my
actual skin off I still have a guy let
me get a mirror this has been a lot of
fun but like taking this off is going to
be a bitch this is so well you just gave
up flying I don't know where it went
probably my eyeshadow which is super
gross
ah does cool man such a cool process
she looks so entertained as makeup
really in there like a scar I just left
it on my skin what would happen let me
break out really bad whoa
it's really fun for me ow
and she went to the eyebrow love and
then I was prosthetic hello hey oh whoa
who are we seeing this ha ha ha
this is everything though a lot easier
than I thought
all right now I gotta figure out to keep
this hair off my eye on the shower and
wash this part office
yeah ok guys I am all showered Oh kind
of I was scrubbing a lot I'm still bread
I'm gonna lay down for just a second if
there's a weird cause is because I
always forget they're like a giant naked
naked naked picture of me right on my
bed I sorry let's just a win it okay you
know what my buzz on me but I have
someone else in my bed which is actually
really mmm
really nice okay nips fine one of my
golden rules of hooking up is don't hook
up in my bed or in my house in general
um this is going to sound so bad but
whatever I am I'm using I'll tinder for
hookup which is mostly to there I don't
like them having my house because I
would put this I don't put this like but
good looking a hot ones on tinder that I
want to hook up with our
are usually not I don't know it's weird
I'm in LA so you guys understand la is
land of the thirst
people are very thirsty out here and I
don't think it's a bad thing that people
want to be actors and models obviously
there's actors and models in the world
and people have to start somewhere and
they have to be you know right be
successful but anyways this sounds weird
I don't know just find out relatable at
all but like if they come to my house
and they see I have a nice place for LA
I have a very big large place and it's
in a very expensive part of La that's
not a humble brag that's why I can even
get the fuck out of here is so fucking
expensive and overpriced
and it's not really worth it anyways
it's not for me it's not worth it like
you can get a nice big-ass house in like
Malibu for the same price so anyways
home override wah-wah but a lot of
people you know whatever the reason I
bring this up because I dated I've been
in a couple no because they were generic
ideas somebody who like worked at
Starbucks and did like fit jobs like you
know asking and just how like a bunch of
different things happening and I like
Tim I don't judge I've got to be those
clear thing I don't judge if you have
why don't you sing text oh my god
anyways okay um sorry I just no I uh I
get anybody ones who affects me lately
um I don't judge if so I couldn't that's
not my thing at all I will date anybody
I don't care like I said everyone starts
somewhere Clinton Tino would not
contention overnight you know what I
mean nothing matters like what you end
up to be you could be struggling your
whole life I feel like if you work hard
and you have passion for steps in your
life asking to the girl Mooney could in
my makeup today of her why she was
saying you know she's like I just want
her to
like do her passion to do what she loves
and so we're going to start this like
new journey and she's humming Ellis like
adventures they're on together and you
know things have been doing she's I just
when I have passion in life because you
know that's important for me to have for
her to have passion because if you're
passionate about you do like you have a
great life so I'm sending it to my left
hand oh well the whole point of all this
is is if they come over to my house have
sex they said someone obviously was over
here at the other night but I usually
don't let them but that's when you have
something special one there one may get
sleep in the bed because I'm very
particular broad I'm also hydrophobic
it's kind of weird for someone a
germaphobe but I kinda a.m. like I
really OCD is like someone sleeps my
time like TMI it's but it's like not an
issue in a moment like it someone like
combs or something like and it goes on
my sheets in the moment I'm fine
whatever it was like sexy with hot like
okay cool
the next day I like I have to take them
all off and like wash them I'm going to
guess me that's like normal movie that's
not like OCD that's like what normal
people do but I just have to do it and
it like whatever so us another reason to
only people sleeping in the thing so
it's a really special I asked us to
think you're clean and also if you are
like dirty or get dirty in my sheets and
then I have to like not love you but
like love you that much to be like Aria
sighing you know what I mean I guess be
turned on that much why you anyways but
people I date like the Starbucks guys
really multiple jobs they come over and
they start to like resent you and be
like and then at like I haven't had one
people not to Starbucks i but a couple
other people that just want you to hire
them for nothing I had this friend I
guess you could say who was he is so bad
she consider that I wouldn't hire him
but he doesn't have a discernible talent
to hire him for I have your friends
angel was my friend for years and I've
obviously paid him to do my hair so he
was a friend that I had okay cool like
he was very talented I'm gonna pay you
for that
um subject another one
he's prefer I came to grab he's a friend
but I've been hired there's a
discernible talent there um there's just
you know there's just a lot of things if
you have a talent and you're my friend I
would love to hire you
yes he doesn't have some talent and this
was a lot which is like I'll be your
assistant and then I had that happen one
time I think I could get to a while ago
years ago
and just like I was paying him to hang
out with me he didn't do anything for me
and then if I needed him do something is
like I'm busy I'm like I said I pay you
it gets to get sticky and weird so
anyways I can't like a couple haven't
dated have been like that and they just
start being like well you have this
money or for instance Oh be like oh I
believe the people since then but like
people that I post on Instagram and
they'd have like no followers like 50
followers and then they would want like
oh like for instance I did a vlog this
was a while ago she like years ago and
someone was in it and there was like a
brand deal sponsorship and like there's
like oh we spent told me made money off
that like where's my cut and like but
like not joking you know what I mean
like serious and it's just you know I
don't know I I'm not I'm a baller i
people think I'm baller shot caller but
imma fucking spender I said made money I
don't even make like a shitload of money
to begin with I mean I mean I'm forever
from the point of this video but point
is people just think I can throw like
with one guy burly er this year asked me
to hire him right a friend of mine
I thought knew he'd want a couple
thousand he wanted $15,000 a month
$15,000 I like okay what world do I have
fifteen thousand just to toss somebody
for being made for I'm like I never said
now never again never one to go out eat
dinner is nothing I was like mmm Bessie
had is simply a people get anxiety I
don't like to see people I don't talk to
people and I don't like people knowing
especially when I meet them off tinder
or something like I took my Instagram
off I do have my real name most of the
time they'd like don't really gas or
like I don't think that Google or
anything like that you know Tricia like
well yo I don't know if I do come up
when I google my name but I just don't
like them like seeing where I live and
they asked like what I do and then they
want you know they want something or
they steal something um so anyways I
have someone sigmund bed the other night
which was like it said really cool it
was I haven't had that since my last
relationship so that was cool not gonna
lie like it though it felt nice I don't
this is my problem and this is why I
actually like to date assholes and jerks
because I don't like to like I'm
somebody doing like envision stuff right
away like if something goes good like
I'm like I dive in I got this could be
dis and this could go this and this
could be the one and like I'm that
person I don't know if it's the age I'm
at or why I'm like oh my god this is
eight even though even if some I don't
know it's just a funny way I get to talk
to it all night I don't know one I can
just talk to mood tonight but I think
I'm more procrastinating except to go at
it I mean I don't mind anything I really
don't I just sometimes it's like long
for me to sit there and edit what I just
said
I really did edit if I like burp or
something during response we hate
burping so much any when people burp so
that's why I watch it I should just like
stop it I'm tired burp that'd be
annoying but what person who spent the
night like I liked him so much he was
super cool and I'm I'm such a sexual
person that I feel like I draw my
sexuality out there so quick and like I
feel like any high road guy is not going
to reject that if you like throw it out
there the way I do and I just wish I
wouldn't be that way but at the same
time I am such a sexual person like I
feel like I feel like I don't know or
like maybe do I don't know I try just
want sex too much there's going to be
obnoxious when someone talks about sex
too much I know I'm such a talk about it
a lot but I'm just saying like my real
life like who I am as a being like I'm
just a very sexual creature I don't know
what it is I just have crazy sexual
urges this is idea anyways so I and then
so it's like it's a boat and I like the
person and then psycho I get sexual
urges with deaf person and then we just
cuddle and stuff um and it was nice it
was nice cuddling
I don't know this one's the assholes
I've been hooking up while lately are
just like not cuddlers or they're just
come on that's what I want to cuddle
whether I leave I met the other reason I
go when people talk I like to leave I
don't like when guys like if I like a
guy and you're staying at my house or
you're like you know you're at my house
for the night or whatever I don't want
you to leave obviously if you come to my
house if you made it this far into
Trish's bedroom
that means I don't want you to leave and
I get really attached but I'm trying not
to be so attached also I have I've been
teasing this for so long and it's coming
the announcements coming in three and a
half weeks I have a big project I'm
doing where I really don't have time for
a guy boyfriend and what's so weird is
but I've had a couple people might like
really nice guys and I'm just kind of
like I think about it I really like this
person said I'm like you know why I have
so much shit coming up but I don't have
time for it so I'm just like you know
what just just have fun don't overthink
things they'll push things because I
have so much to do before it my three
and a half week announcement so alright
I'm going to edit you guys I'm going to
edit my main Channel video so you're
potholes seed both tomorrow if I made it
up if not also I'm going on a diet I
have been eating so much lately and now
I just are feeling it like sometimes
when I go on binges like I feel so good
just what's going on I just feel like my
stomach inside so I'm going to see my
mom and my sister tomorrow but then this
weekend I'm going to make you really
healthy and clean we're just feeling a
little gross and I have worked out all
week so so I'm like to shell out your
face was getting bad don't look out
could you really bad with that so move
out tomorrow I guess I love guys I'm
torching his long-term purchases from
all bitches
