got a bra on very rich is good start to
the broadcast and in the life today was
good just when I got jizz in my mouth
it was really intense blistex that's on
my lips because um does anyone even in
here oh hey we have Taylor okay we have
people I'm like I'm literally talking
result honey honey like you have talents
ours is my food is on its way
I also ordered a game of Thrones
cookbook I ordered finished blessing the
games room since we're coming from two
different places what are the chances we
do Kadima throne cookbook will arrive
because I ordered that first and still
get shit back from the post me elating I
feel like they wouldn't have it but
low-key I'm hoping so panda will be here
in about 10 minutes book will be
undetermined I'm so tied to an express
ride
I expected this morning but I actually
have done so much that I with one out in
public looking like this leg way I don't
really care
sometimes I may do something summery
this one was hop up was to go much top
off doesn't it sound so nice and stick
and I don't mean it this way but like
what I like my body arms please a little
toning up I go on that tumble you know
I'm saying but I like my body I like my
boobs I like my waist it likes me ask I
like my body okay um I have what you
recall a very stereotypical sexual body
you look at my body but that blue
humungous tick and I got wide hips that
were injected but why nonetheless and I
got big but now because I got a butt
lift and I got a cute little waist cinch
chin and I feel like I have a good
little shit to me I got some sex size
because it's a very sexual shapes if you
know what I mean so
hello hello
yes
just yet rejected I think I saw on your
website let me just look it up real to
skim skiing will tell you the exact news
I saw on at the feasts of Ice and Fire
the official game of Thrones cookbook
it's by Chelsea Monroe castle apiece and
I suppose oh hi
okay okay
and the conversation here
okay nice
I'm great thank you
oh I am on you now Azim okay
I was fuck me now what's up I wanted you
to want to miss it though
oh are you okay are you on your way home
now yeah we love our kick inflammatory
gotta fuck you my Cody
but my heart's okay that's okay I just
wanted to make sure you okay you look
good thank God
yeah
but you have to make for now you have
something for high school
thanks for going mom okay okay good I
America look beautiful boy I need a new
girl
I know I know I'm glad you're okay I'm
so we're different now yeah but none so
worried about you
William medication ice yeah okay all
right why are you you're going home now
yeah yeah that's a guess
ah well I'm I'm glad you're okay out see
time you when you get home or FaceTime
you when you get home all right I love
you girls
bye my blue bloody girls right sighs
okay lots happening lots of commotion i
unmuted Trisha music of like not too
smart
oh thank you josh is barred I'm trying
to see you sorry um my mom she had a
leave work early Vegas she still has
that really intense pain and that
numbness nozzoli board which she looked
good and she sounded go to that me
so I was very worried about it my sister
bought with her saying that message at
office today
um unmuted it because I'm like this is
my life these are the conversations I
have on the phone yeah it's not the
unofficial game with Rome's the official
game of thrones beautifier and i
specifically what is that help us learn
regular conversations yes sir you guys
are like last night I was getting so
much anxiety last night I almost like I
was like light in it I feel I got a bad
joke to make but I honestly like wanted
up a lot of window because I was like I
have so many values like it's my falling
off I fucking like I was expanding I was
like Fabian anyone is I'm texting me was
like getting angry text and then
starting to Saturday anyone who called
me just regular not through FaceTime I
couldn't hear them they couldn't hear me
it was so quick and annoying and then
say I'm going try and call my voice
comms check my mother spine attack goes
back to about so much stuff um but then
I turned on my lawyer I was getting an
alcohol I try to call downstairs some
security gate to like blendra know
people are coming Thank You Angelica the
55-ton over me like I couldn't make that
classic example with all the lines busy
so I had to go I went to Brighton sit I
was actually I wanted here for today
because I'm doing a reverse cool hair
look tomorrow I can't be ready follow me
and Sarah I know you special effects
makeup tomorrow and a week Thursday and
it really excited it and it's not so
easy but it is Shane Jones
um so there really are like sad but I
think some things I left my music
honestly just a lot of things it's all
crashing down at one so like any little
thing was like tripping me out
unlike triggering me and I mean haha are
you going to keep hanging with Jason um
I don't see I don't know it can seem
like a hard read I did afford to be
asking you to like hang out again I
would
he is such a really funny like I was
tennis friend and I'm not such like a
weird thing to say but I was comprised
IRA Freid zomick's when I hadn't
actually how like much to me like mesh
I feel like off-camera i watch the blog
I got the blog look super cute but it's
cute totally different vibe you can you
know like on a scammer you don't I mean
obvi is the same but like nah you know
what I mean like you definitely like is
more
oh I don't know how's it like watching
hair girl no I can't for tomorrow
because look I'm doing is like I even
got this like really textured like
almost course hair extensions that's
like literally three dollars for a
bundle it's so cheap and like that
you'll see when I when I eat we're
celebrating Jews birthday but I'm also
doing like a steamed move bomb which I'm
planning on having them so I don't
really ask yet but I'm sure they'll be
like yeah Bryce always just saying your
hangout anyways I'm like so in here me
on email them I'm sure they don't care I
got them like these dragon shirts to
where I'm like so excited um so yeah
I've been moved today about I was happy
well I was running errands I ran like
this but oh oh what are doing about the
sexual body for like smokin me I'm low
on what do you have a body like mine and
I'm not saying like I said I'm gonna
have a sexy body it's a sexual body like
there's what and there's big tips and
when you go out sometimes you just want
to hide it I guess even though like it
doesn't make sense did you get um sorry
I'm I'm just reading guys comments on
fire I will wear as a dress one that you
wore on the day location that wasn't
misguided I'm sorry I'm just so many
questions um
suffering in to think that my boyfriend
guys II blog he questionnaire addresses
you're right that is like a bad habit
there was this other guy
I've been talking to um that's really
sweet and stuff like that he says the
same thing is if you always are like
projecting things I'm again I I really
really do um so I don't see ya when you
go out and I do still wants an attention
on your boobs in your butt and your
shape is that weird so I like is walking
really homeless know people like I paid
to say this is something nice to speak I
feel like every year old college this
problems maybe I don't know I was just a
girl thing girls just get here always
all the fucking time especially you're
in LA like people don't let you go out
like I went out like this and I wouldn't
be yes and I like like I purposely try
to look really frumpy and growth and
people still like fucking hit on me and
I'm not saying oh I'm so fucking hot
because you know I'd be wet like them
titties they're hard to cover up even
with a maternity bra and I wasn't growth
a shirt and I haven't literally grows as
champions uh Panasonic they look gross
gross gross
laughs Chris you know me I'm talking it
like that at all I just it's just I just
want to be incognito and just like not
get hit on your hot dang I mean yeah I
know it's always super narcissistic but
like I'm not tonight I feel like that's
just like a girl thing like girls just
getting on and sexualized and I feel I
give any sort of boobs or but you
shouldn't be ashamed I mean I'm like not
a shame and lovely my dear I want to
tell her off girl you know what show off
with Heidi's dress ever but not too much
reason I don't really know what to say
other questions I mean II saw a lot on
the blog he's cool why better legionary
I eat early I actually like it but I
have to be nice even breakfast I kind
went out in just so me earth I went to
bed I come because I had to print out
something for drive a so we're doing
with a little party here too for a baby
gesture but we make a little party and I
wasn't quick small right and I had like
a genius idea because guys I'm so hard
by for Shane and drew are like my best
his best friend and mamas girlfriend and
my father's an official one sign
and last I'm going to track down all the
postman I want millennial this is very
important
check store availability if that it's in
stock as a person there's another
bookstore though so go back title page
so wake me up when it's all over
that's not the one
ah so annoying
I'm trying to find this frickin book
coming at the an official one
what's up enough right
any ever see through
well there's rain looks like I need to
know alright hi everybody um there was
just a lot of commotion I'm really
excited for this food bill I really want
to eat um what was up someone to five
thousand oh my god I'm so sorry so sorry
I was uh I'm sorry I'll thank you no oh
I have a follow-up a lot of sensing a
lot of questions from the video safety
the video I posted a it's actually older
ones I have a couple free report I see
not like really recent like as soon as I
film I've been editing and posting the
day of and I've been keeping up with
that for the most part or within a day
or two um but she was doing your hair
Morrow actually I'm really excited here
makeup and special effects there is
personal effects as we can't a makeup is
all gonna be the same girl she is Sean's
head of everything one of my music
videos we actually hire her to do the
background people or the additional
after him nice out I always have liked
my hair makeup crew and I would hire her
she's actually wicked talented Thank You
carmella ten thousand bucks she's
extremely talented really she's
beautiful she's like the girl I was in
love with she ended up getting married
to another beautiful woman big type of
they've been together a while he
survived a new owner she's had this
girlfriend but they just got married
recently they have a family it's cute
but I'm like in love with her she's
going super gorgeous and she's come in
to do my everything tomorrow when I'm
excited
I do like minutes better now yeah I did
it so presently Ellen just so sweet
have you ever come across a equipment
yes once it twice once in the same bit
twice in the same day
did you see first if you Thomas neatly
what no we mean it's not on Jesus ever I
don't wait does not one
to progress on our life
wrestling's very kind really really
sweet and nice and very smart I like I
like to Milan person Thank You Louise
for the thousand bars what are you
eating
I am will be eating some Chinese food um
your eyes I see birthday really ever our
Wi-Fi month week they do they get asked
me um I love that I still hate food bars
I sent five thousand bar so Thank You
Brianna destro hahaha you know I
appreciate it
should I try another awesome as I Jason
I feel original towel it's hard for me
to tell I think everybody just like
hates me um it's fucking with me
I booked against and you're booking this
thing I really want the official I have
it
you're official
I should probably take a picture of it
pausing to say I have so much to do but
I was just sitting on a passing lazy so
I thought my next one you know who I'm
going to order from this place that's
they're gonna have it either but we're
going to try just order it order order a
new record another way for me I love you
now you guys are something so sweet
thank you
the food is literally here it taking
Mantid into my place um and watch a new
super ever news mr. real legit guy he is
he is really cool hahaha he's like yeah
I can tell he's a nice day which is I do
really awkward I like get really weird
around nice widget people because I
don't feel like I don't know you know
you just feel like you're and are
usually cool I really like it a lot yeah
I met the door your dresses are so
thorough I could fake your back
thank you for the 500 line and I can I
stay mmm gopher I honestly wish you'd
smell Liz's Oh
this new order with the new book push
you guys back a little
do you have like an Instagram story was
not the roasty I love I see big honor
and found the bar is just purely onions
Suffolk that I would probably get this
like welcome using the sort yes goes do
I can insert oh let my cups a white girl
wasted um there is this acapella group
called home free now you know I was on
hot bitches like BAE like he's that it
was no one can be fuckin miss grassy
like nobody but there's this a
photographer sound just randomly called
home free
they're like hot guys they're amazing
like Sarah I like that except I don't
even likes legacy I'm not like uh
alcohol Sam's like I know there's a
whole world of it I like I do like kind
of myself when I'm on missions up but
they were so good like so cute and I
never got it like that to see the guys
period YUM my teacher place plays on
during class really
please think part of your world look at
this stop here than me what if you think
my electroscope danger cooking for the
thousand bars um my sister just driving
them together I get drunk on here with
us one day honestly that would be
everything what did he get from here
next everybody wants to know
- I am I got five fork once again
because they can get eat for ten people
so does the internet so maybe it's me
that has the issue with food and not
everybody else
oh if I eat some large like I'm on table
okay don't wake me up
oh so I'm not frying which looks so so
good I'm surprised I was at the
vegetables out wet by rice you say oh my
god mmm
like seven McDonald's you can see can
you are about buddies no I think it out
then I do you really fit like I read his
pizza and I really thought that I read
Chinese I don't really like any bigger
surprise it's not like that but mMmmm
Tommy so frickin good hello Tommy
also good jerusalem piggies me monster
the 500 bars mmm home - no clothes on
like now this right now is so yummy i
from the main event young the main
course Beijing beef white rice and honey
one not shrimp I feel like that to the
developer Thank You Katie
I am up last with this food let's make
it cute let's make it real cute in here
wait handy one hmm those shreds sow
honey walnut shrimp is so I'm sorry
shrimp is going to go I would not think
I was like coming one like I said you
got the honey malt nuts and we're
chicken I was so close we were close I
should try this as like a sample
I'm different lip mMmmm why have you
tried Beijing people choice off that
actually was earlier because I'd love
every night like the Beijing because cuz
it's why she loves like the food my
phone going off mmm-hmm your neck
stressful my favorites I don't know why
they're long princess brothels are all
black but you made some money to fly
don't want to see an expression around
my butt is good my guys I just McDonald
can't express like you guys are things
like Raven I can you take a lobster oh
all day long but mama craze this
it's alone hmm
hungry hungry that I thought yeah I'm
solo okay
which is obviously you can play the most
songs um they said free team and so I
need before you is that the outcomes way
free seeds like I love that make video
space you can look for the sounds and
bones I just change that to my main
music video and thank you lovely succeed
like on my youtube channel so I love
that video so much I love that song so
much everything is so good day I want
agent food now mmm so good vegan cheetah
looks fun as we do cheat on here there's
a pop into it slideshows heat I can't
with them oh I'm a good big big Sam
once I want to face like a relationship
like too much telling with the break-up
from the drop leg us build and enough
house that feels real life drama
relationship why not be faking it
sorry
Thank You a used for bye-bye
so everyone's doesn't the shirt I video
I said that was somewhere like this I
thought but that was filmed about a
month ago I haven't exit to that story
kind of sad what kind of a nice update I
guess um I will almost do that a story
time for sure I just need the Atlantic
Sun Conference mm-hmm I was good to
Canada at your favorite tiny um he
attends it but we're not even close to
me at all where does it go from spongers
gets like a long time ago so he was like
and sales like them so druggie where can
i watch game with thrown some summers
like I'm a ten times um i buy it off the
ice on store I can't even watch on
amazon or if it's DVD if you choose only
to keep their talk of the referee like
what would be I enjoy it might be some
more like it's just more satisfying but
thank you broke college lesbian under
fire but
plot shows it more it's it's better my
stomach it feels more look at a
something somebody sent even though it
has the same honor you give loss went
off on it
just let me mmm
I think if she was only Beijing me for
our wallet from Beijing beat the whole
amount shrimp is definitely not for
everyone a lot of point notes don't like
it this way too sweet or don't he said I
love it but I don't meet as much as a
shrimp with reservation fee but I just a
lovelorn chicken but I think I got over
it thinking enough for the price I love
you engaging more encircle me this is so
funny
this ship is real with that one I think
I know housing comments on that photo
that was crazy I'm like you're so I
didn't know people loved him so much
I don't watch Walking Dead know also
make sure this first time my directors
picture I do a copy and paste about my
first mate oh I had had a text message
so wake me up when it's all over I said
the rocket so distracted by their own
email that Mort you know I'm gonna have
to and have oh just tell mom engineer
review Thank You Blanca for the 400 life
he had butters are eating with me hmm
was the war in Germany though absolutely
it's like I really don't identify myself
if I'm gonna have a meal I had a piece
of Saturday and I arms like a piece of
snack like I had two pieces pieces for
breakfast and picture you know this but
it's not fun at all I love to eat in
topic I honestly feel like it sounds
like though it's bad but I honestly feel
like where I would show experiment once
I look Papa Pete and granted mostly do
most the talking what I got to eat would
be ball it's kind of nice because like
it is conversation but I like it's not
cold by which laugh and so it's fun and
they don't happy love
former colleague exercise it was two
sides too far that you know photos of
the fifties about it
sorry and now it's annoying but because
he does a cordial I'd like next week
think that isn't on Bart's context to me
the unofficial game with on Facebook is
coming so hopefully I run the bougie
quarters Olivia's hair honey fangirls
he is the og with me I love her so much
she's telling the game I'm eating the
game mom
hmm watching some solemn mm-hmm over
there this is so good yum-yum so tender
boyfriend max what happened home from
the other night mm-hmm
remember how I said I'm a kind of a
weird off feeling about it okay retain
me for the back when your heart
oh that's again how are you me down
right that's my plum mm-hmm
do you ship poisoned I smell absolutely
don't you have to really toes are hot so
the guy it got super sexual on us you
know the friends I don't mind a hookup
Thank You class massager break I really
don't I'm not true by any means at all
as we know our like I can be very easy
and a hussy um so I got sexual and we're
I got sex being the same and then we
started trying to me like all the news
but I don't have like videos of me
coming back or searching we had sex
couple reasons one and it's really weird
I do I'm not least I'm not room I've had
to fulfill me I guess that they want
like but even I'm in a relationship I'm
not someone's like will love films it's
like I don't know I don't know - I watch
myself have sex he's gonna meet I don't
know so I don't I don't have any so he
was asking for honey I'm like no and
even my dad wasn't me to spit him out
and then you can see without mark school
here at me like videos you can have
infection first it was like
and it's like a flick of girl's ass
right and this is like him okay going
boy go in and I'll look paid up weird
but okay but then he sat like while
others were doing it right yeah okay so
if you put there lol wow it was weird
okay dude dubious yes yeah that's crazy
okay good
that's weird I thank God I just asked
him when I went on my hike with games
like asking about I was like ah and then
do a more graphic like girl and I'm like
looking at my camera and like said yeah
but the camera set up like so then they
could see like full box like if I'm here
I got a camera over there to see like
the full action point had that done to
me meaning like someone's told you or
someone else like this n choose him
having someone else so I'm like why do I
want to see you having sex with another
girl like Thank You Madison otherwise
like if you know what I mean like I
guess I'm like a jealous person why I
want to watch that I'm not like ated a
couple and that was different but I'm
not the only one to like bring in a
third I'm in relationship I don't trust
my ex don't trust period so that's like
not good for someone with trust issues
I'm going from observation if I don't
care about whatever you Amy but that's
so weird and awkward yeah and then he
sent me another one today I like knowing
after football something it was more
than just like oral I was like why is
happening and then he sent me the final
buddy I'm really show chain and dirty
straw it's like so fucking weird I don't
even care and um so then the final one
was like kind of same thing like fucking
this girl
thank you for not worth all if it isn't
car by the way it's always no condom all
right bitch
you've litter in you and I'm like oh is
that now we can see with xmn is it no a
couple days about mix so you are cooking
and there's two different ones because
one was a very very dark dark girl
starts like very dark and then the other
one was like redhead like pale it so
it's like complete opposite Girl Scout
makes like the same or something like
what are your dress
things I'm drunk to make house has a
sink so it's a completely opposite
obviously um so yeah those like neilando
reactions
I might actually because it I know that
was weird and I didn't know if it
warranted like a story high I don't
really think it does because it's like
so maybe I'll put in the blog mom I
thought it was weird
Thank You happens without her by some
nice neighbor isn't he all right and
then young but when he's hot he's not
hot a guide I don't have any guy there's
like really fitness guy and lady hot
well but the fire but he was like edited
it was like Christmas when he put into
iMovie and how lazy special but wait
what and one of the nude pictures depend
on me but at the beginning was like a
professional one when about was weird
she looks like super freshness progress
on are you porn sir
we have seems like a cozy and also he
was like having sex with all these girls
that within those two all of the whole
days ago window kana more like ditional
thank you for having bars like I have
been known to house I saw a condom in
the past but never since I get Mike
whenever I get my clean bill of health
especially I'm always in pretty lately
ever Brigham whenever I get that clean
bill I'm like I'm going to keep that
clean but soda bugs come with a big bug
so you have great look thank you
also hold back this bug so a when good
not suck I know that way bug then slowly
guys are slow do move on so if you just
like oh my god
alright not recently no I don't gobble
you hear about the dirty dumb VidCon a
drama whose dirty bomb and what this
gamma I would love to know tell me
that's good I just so on you know
there's rapid like it's corn pushing
underage girls so recent points abusing
the fanciest really awesome video so
freaking found I love those views so
much I thought they were like amazing
videos there is something with the and
I'm not listening at all but there is
something now if you put certain words
in your tags so freaking equal bits leg
my sound studio is a suicide those just
will get completely taken down from any
search or Elisha's relate this can't see
those videos going down like no but I
still can't see none for I don't know
though restrictions on or what but it's
the point is I've been a lot of work and
money and effort into it um yeah I
wouldn't lie and it's not so I kind of
I'm doing a little a great project
coming up as we talk about it from right
now can you stop like honestly that's
why is like bugging me I'm really trying
to enjoy this food and I wanted to
devour it so my spot why doesn't get on
it by the way actually on the macaron
young company visa so I don't buy sweet
thank you for mm bar they're actually
pretty good and I share some nails so
they're pretty fun
this is eating is a single feature
showing even with you two dozen reply I
know right beautifly
Thank You Gina for the path and blah
yeah whatever tomorrow's look if it's
different it's not a beauty look it's
all special effects makeup and then the
ones a week and Thursday I was really
special back to my son
so glad you license often it's been fun
like I said next month
welcome with my foot off next month I
might not be able to do this much and is
definitely none the following month
right my son I love you agency guys
write a song
can you feel like Halloween not healthy
oh subscribe so you can cancel your just
cancel that water
yes okay and when I would have to worry
at home page Kelly didn't make that
vocation a she's a fellow youtuber wispy
care and a fondness or peace mixed we're
in a thousand bars and user so you have
them around mom that's wrong
so is that in the comments what do you
drink answering an ice cube I love that
I have two for came here just ready to
go to
Oh
I'm president Valley anything this save
your money la can be expensive that is
for show
I'm cravin whelming mmm really good
listen a lot Chad I ran it so many
errands oh right and my phone wasn't
working make digital design mark so
enterprising just reset the network
cutting I should fly little bat oh he
doesn't watch Jason
I don't really know what to say you
really did that I just surprised people
here so my pick ethical popular I'm so
in my own world when it comes to use I
don't understand I don't realize there's
other youtubers out there how to please
don't say it to me
subscribe absorbed with amitabh him
something like knows when I'm like oh
you know them Thank You summarizing his
by his head on a meeting point
understand which is a better feel like
they want to bomb them I can't hate on a
good cinnabar sandwich so I'm not just
weird but I'd like to take out the
veggies I'm just only 14 let's say in
calories right how many calories do you
think one carat square for an extra
positive and how many calories you see
1p house Annette you're making me use no
hungry sorry all us betcha
I don't want me to keep miss OH 25 25
calories
I'm saving one calories Vegas at a
carrot and eggs chunk
500 gravity seem little calories mmm so
fun
all right oh my god there's so many
vegetables on this one
my sister will wait to live together and
to to eat all the vegetables out for me
it was amazing and then she was soon
back the box with no vegetables in it
mmm my food then you hear stuff at the
back on the bar you need to drag this
room I have a couple dragons on dragons
are my shit hey my babies I have my
little baby dragon a always a mother
upgrades but is reserved sooner than you
something that's the only reason why
she's another than me pushy pushy will
buy my dress in some cases I love my
sissy I want that scene there for my mom
and my mom's there for her day people so
much better knowing that they're
together with each other making good
issues when I was like oh I'm the adults
usually when I got here okay so without
for the Packers over there I really want
to open what we know yeah I'm gonna add
a note scuse me want to go off of her
yeah almost knocked over a shaman Thank
You Dylan 4,000 bars I have to meet key
of Awesome's um my sponsee mom uh day
with Rome's take home I don't want to
tell me of those a game of Thrones
parody songs some word is so stupid and
they're weighted in kasi was like okay
we're gonna do Game of Thrones please do
it right okay get some through Blue
Cross players all players are amazing
art for me some work that's just sick I
don't know how they do it I use in
myself an amateur cosplay
train choo-choo
yes that's choo-choo what do you need
your first birthday that's why I want to
go actually do today thank you guys for
thousand bars no no he agreed with
breakouts gonna be a while buzz as we
know I have infertility issues I've
tried you can ask about the useless pop
would be a 1% chance but you know that
was a chance I go higher
remember comically see on Jason Flom
exciting I am Bobby Z did I say felices
I imagine gamer girls not vlogging we
thought above wrenchini with ropes
everybody lately
hmm probably a little um my daughter is
less than 1% chances with you
we're buddies people so good and
congratulations that's amazing
I watched Shannon rose and Travis's
journey with it and they just what had
to be so bad and they're doing the most
I mean she would do she's doing way more
than I could ever go through amazing and
I honestly believe like the old hot baby
you know I don't people is just 10 years
to confuse makes it all since I was out
in bars you want since I want us to
preserve everything the other you're
stable enough to admit right now I don't
think right now though I don't need the
stability things I mean it is that's the
world X it on my own or aching from
continue adapted but I would like a
father in the picture for my kids but
you know promote you can't control
ladder cruise better proportion
I've known to be saying why cadet to
stable Connors and ignoring questions
amazingly does obvious is like I just I
don't even hate especially on a blog
with another human being and it that
you're about I really love that much
with other people and I don't know
whenever there's a good new person I
feel like some people to be extra
meaning I like that for my channel my
said hey tell me all you want and one or
deal's off
whether you can or not hmm s1 it'll all
blow over
I move it over to I kick you down August
you will find out mm-hmm and understand
the whole life meeting scream but now I
get it
I'm eating these it would be right now
this one right okay I'll just wow
but Melissa mate with them with the Game
of Thrones unofficial senseless chronic
way whatever impressive as the athletes
of Ice and Fire but when someone has an
earlier you don't cook
I don't the time is almost as from some
sort for me for a video because I don't
cook well
Thank You Lea 4,000 bars
I'm Jeff a minute yeah oh my husband is
a black man with some cloth 18 hours
thank you for eating there with me Oh No
thank you dear with me they say this is
so much fun I love it
I love eating I'm never pulling with my
David I'm plagued today we're never fall
I'm like when we had me though I'm never
truly fall I just means I can go get it
alright no I'm like out of control which
is James URM ff12 can you call your
sisters oh so important if you does that
laughs there's no fortune by the
vorticity
I can pin directly to me specialist well
really ah you know I would love that
in fact like eating now I feel bad like
I should write a book
are you and your dad okay now yeah we're
good
my dad is actually so is he going on he
can't fight or argue with him anymore
Thank You alder for southpark because he
generally is just so passive and I mean
that in like a good way because my guy
seems really aggressive
no I'm gressive Yin ain't no problem
back when we were young kids never abuse
or anything but we have a bad temper and
now he's just show passive and like is
so just offered up to God and
everything's okay and suffering is okay
well there's no fighting with him but
you brought something that triggered me
and I had a meltdown my dad like prints
on those trees president so sorry okay
wasn't that your address and here you
see beauty where others only see
ordinary I love that that's true and he
and many others member creasing to me
before you go what are we singing
you're going on a date with Jason mash
them as yes Oh app guys update I never
do so weird
girl have to do so much already
I say guy to do that's not but maybe I
love you I love you Lee Blair 32
lots of time soothing walking on with it
Thank You Lee is Sony for 2005 little
girl version hold people and answers to
the prayer the glassy and maybe they're
cheating yeah you missed it I just
finished everything ah
ride die drink up is from once again
yeah mmm company people Isis coppice it
was like a cheap cheapo section one
I just always heard the game of Thrones
with Luke here so you can see if it was
amazing and worth it okay sorry explain
guys I'm going to recall we should go to
preserve that with submissions yes I'm
going to take a nice block yeah how did
they did and I remember gigi hadid was
with me the first time I'm done and I
member teaching was listen you know you
should have logged it and ok I was
scared
yeah I think 2000 bars you'd help me in
the first contig atlas injection located
for quite a literally sheets that there
helming and it was there was I really
need they're losing their I wanted
getting out for sure and I think I want
to me it was objections before and I
took it out for the like I'm too scared
well because she was there I want to
feel like brave Thank You Olivia's world
4,000 bars well sometimes when my
spirits on with yours oh that was like
one of my about my first like song with
fat chicks that I wrote and that just
like a parody song I wanted to be cute
bunny and like lots of I was like a
serious one for me um I think shoulda
didn't see it coming yeah yeah you're
from Madison
they sound
danger I'm thirsty with rage but you are
the one I need it by heart leading your
shuttle what a cut-up you should love me
you should've treated me
shut up you're what you should or what I
could I literally done what I do not
watch me dig no Papa I was a surgeon I'm
not going to get a smile on extensions
yeah I'm I don't know I had done a long
time ago didn't like them like when they
grew out and fell off I just thought
they looks bad and it was so between us
thinking hey Lisa founded bars but I'm
good time again cuz my sister something
close word I was discussing with you
guys I think you look pretty thank you
though I went on three for my date with
Jason yesterday flat he's like something
like literally twice and I was like fuck
that like I wonder the rollout but maybe
slob lawmakers if it does not imply
which is what happened and why I'm I'm a
couple total crazy you like to numa's
lady love
I'm going to read this cup out real
quick one time oh you sly myself whoa
I'm going to open this package before
you within it I'm going to open it off
here no matter five little small package
almost covers all these stay active
or which people say mmm FC glam and
inspires calm it's a fun surface why do
I can use backroom that's stupid why go
away
I might have macarons they all dude this
is so pretty a Yoli
Oh Thank You Trish okay I know it's at
this pretty that pack is what
presentations de liquidy ash comes on
that seems really cute I love this so I
last week was having a very miserable
depressingly how do you put this on now
it has to be sent me kind of I started
my break it you're fully flighted on
rush of it there we go so we're wasted
on this is so cute I'm Michigan
respectful on so I'll go into this
totally kind of weird oppression thing
and this topic was recommended which is
very weird I don't only by itself like
this and it says have faced God first it
has my birthstone and then a little
cross right there and I just wanted to
have something a reminder of like my
love for God like with me um because I
know I can bend the heel it's pretty
thank you I feel sometimes I lose sight
of it or I lose purpose
I was reasoning I lose
like sight you know to me like I lose
sight of Tim Thank You boxes s2000 bars
I'm really really into God I think the
people thing I think of like things that
I joke it or I only use it at time to
convenience but I'm constantly praying
and having conversations with him and
but sometimes I'm not like there are
times I'm like you're not listening I'm
around bright brightness to be like what
I think Oh is pray on mr. shanks and
sometimes like the devil like the other
side of Krish is like no don't pray to
help are you praying like fucking humbly
anything you know what I mean
I love them got might as well plan for
death q2 that's a check you of course
thank you for the thousand bar square um
shadow can see I see down here it's just
the lamb and inspire calm Instagram calm
/ lamb and inspire other sport jewelry
chisel is sweet talk to you I love
ordered sellout I see and assuming
glamour inspires the essence choice for
claim inspired on my cookies I decide to
go there some we ever push the ball
towards dough to open the space to get
off push the balls
there's the balls towards each other I
think you had to slide out on its own
claim is has positive thoughts words the
universe I mean you can call it I guess
whatever you want I really believe it's
prayers go out to God but yes if you
believe it that too when you play your
Nintendo so it's yes the stairs if I was
over there but it's upstairs inky Kappas
in a thousand bars I'm really in concern
is I'm making Wisconsin Book Fair want
me why should I keep you hate that
without stuffiness she refers it back
Thank You Cody for that delivery man
when I'm actually way Tobias this is
that I keep eating these even building
these we were really good actually like
I know yes I was kind of iffy but
so let's progress faster in v2 you do
better job thank you ask MCM for the
thousand bucks
stop buying so much chosen underway i
pariah tea when I eat and then I had my
friends there good in vetoes right place
ice travel isn't waiting some reason by
accessing lesson axes from your victory
was absolutely beautiful
the second thanks I got you
I'm grateful when people leave me for
stupid shit like that or superficial
reasons or whatever
thank you have any 5,000 bars depends
like I don't think that person my life
status wants to be wrong because I have
this or I look like this so intervene
did you refrigerate them are you so
astutely are gonna but they still
Facebook them hmm I'm sent didn't really
get in the fridge cold come I throw
these out after this cuz I'm gonna stop
I impose meaning a healthy groceries
stars are dicks run with ugly choose the
say but I'm eating all those are one day
it's none X was a little control and so
on over you do is because ended there
all myself also clip thank you fat and
stuff for the south wall mmm I love why
I don't like at my clock look so I need
to sit on until that but I started
killing
over there real quick one sec now will
y'all wait god I thank you Jared for the
thousand dollars
like really yeah a little bit the kind
of stuff I always think of which other
suppose meet you because it is less you
even love more morning wake up alright
understand oppressor I need to clean
give any plans to make another music
video um probably not until the fall I
want to do a Halloween one and it goes
as long because I really want to do
those last year and I ended up having my
boob job in September so I kind of
dropped the Halloween one and in a song
that I was doesn't I wrote for me
wasn't my style at all wasn't like so I
just hammering out of time in general I
can't really dance for the video and I
wanted and then followed by dance until
you die or something
and it's which would imply that I should
be dancing thank you fail and forever
sounds Barnes Republic I can sing some
pleasure moves up and then the Christmas
one all that shit went down to me and
somebody as though I wasn't in the holly
jolly mood I love you some over Joe
who's more Joe you see here or is that
me my similar job
much less be important I can't name yes
and thank you for advice both college
lesbian time for what are you trash I
don't know I have a tender day so I want
to go out on end of a Tom Kha to work I
have a lot I didn't even be doing it on
the computer and so computer expose
waiters like this is so weird because
she didn't think it was English because
she texted me and shipping Ralph calling
the phone
noona Sheldon Turner I know I'm kind of
over I can't over it but then no 52
pound a day which is like four o'clock
I'm like I should go out have a drink
socialize I do have fun while I
socialize it's like guys are with it
like you don't mean but the guys aren't
women men are just like a wide rise with
us you can keeping the entertainment IAP
depression you're welcome girl and just
now the question is temporary I mean it
can be even if you have chronic
depression it goes in and out the okra
days you have bad days son for me
definitely trip there's no expression
always have I don't know why you know
but like I said everything passes the
question is temporary it's temporary
feeling even if you have it like long
term it doesn't last the whole life you
know good days and bad days
you must your translation electron line
presses no and I think I don't receive
from volume in Yeshua Jason who is
actually easier himself at a lot of guys
don't know my videos because it's just
my audience and anytime companies Esther
them about the demographics is always
females I'm in love Oh
all right guys here a little Chauncey
I'm not gonna lie but it's kinda cool so
this game is run client every time more
it's a 5 inch Olivia from the booklet I
just feel it raw I love me I don't have
looks that I love feeling a block giving
Jarboe higher than Sean's now absolutely
I purchased it mm bar the an official
game a throne oh hell I think you guys
this is networks come on suicide for the
cookbook 3 all these house apart um see
you know we're in Starks pigeon climb
these are actually not bad things
there's no pictures or anything you're
not missing out on any cool things it's
cool though I need it somebody will like
recipes because I'm going to have a chef
scary stuff sometimes and go through it
ourselves the coolest lots of soup lo o
progressed Winterfell black bread I need
something how lazy there's these butter
tea
everybody just take the names and just
made up dishes and I'm sorry - no sir
she was known for her buttered beats
cookbooks up put your sec yeah so I um
I'm so good I find the official one
tonight on the track that down will be
on a mission
anyways that I don't remember I'm
meeting with John Stossel thinking so so
so cool
maybe our almond the school likes in the
corner quantum a different angle be gay
people are guys the girls and I'm here
the doors generally look at well resume
I'm you know Joseph I felt bad version I
guess sorry it I lost any difference hmm
at a few but thank you guys so much for
coming an arm
we'll sell my spot I love having you
shows with you and if you guys love them
these are all the lights and gave me an
a' for the likes and the love we had
once a quick five touching young girl
yeah come on dressing on yourself oh
girl I would not be a good idea sure
that would be just I'm bad of me in the
kitchen by John just by angel I love
that the seal is like daddy someone
sitting with us well okay mix just got
here but I make our move here no like if
I know you were here are you here now
I'm gonna be mu or texting I feel you
have a number if you don't I'll bust you
by Edgar do you have black in you I do
not select it but not naturally no not
genetically by KDM by lucky save seven
rambhai thank you for those if you like
erica w jit sure to tune in to my
Instagram I might do July shirt tomorrow
- all right a really cool cosplays ain't
coming tomorrow so stay tuned for that
celebrating drew machine birthday but
he's really excited how I blog that and
I love guys thank you guys for all the
love love the ending of that Jamie sound
of a guy would be dumped on you my amp
y'all I would good night guys we'll see
you guys soon
follow me on social we can chat there no
time this time we're not putting the
tire choice
