my god oh good morning I literally just
woke up you guys
and I found this one Schneider well I've
had it detention for so long I need to
take them all they're telling me I need
to go work out I just had something
every single day are you sure you see
you hey girl
Henry and I'm just like I was beautiful
I'm just waking up as and I left my job
that long
and I ordered some books really crazy
sorry about that a little bit later up
as soon as I take all these actions out
using my head forever I'm having a big
black dress and then I'm going on a hike
and then I'm going to do my workout I
have a trainer coming don't give me shit
not looking eating and then go work out
turns out as early as I'm careful each
other well it does with me bitch women
not doing anything I'm already going at
work three hours 8.7 here
lucky blender I know it's so close I am
like I have supposed to have that one
bartender gesture about this cosplay
scene doing it tomorrow though just
because it involves like cakes being
made into something done till tomorrow
so I don't have any eunuchs day because
of that button
good moist love places sounds like
you're gorgeous
that here no I know it's fucking crazy
lies wonder if anything jewelry was cray
okay so I guess I had that in a bun and
I just took it down such a mess I have
to wash my hair oh good morning mom good
morning mom
so I had a higher one night off right um
you know how many people and it's like
how does it work how does it have a some
sort I guess you could say I feel like
this doesn't make sense why this works
but it does I have a dilemma actually I
have a couple my size in my life and
look so happy - boy ha it's funny I have
a two great guys
I'm not dating everything but I have two
really good guys in my life there are
nice guys and like it's a different it's
almost like you don't know how to act
looks like nice guys in your life you
know to me but I don't know how to say
it I just know I have course a break out
of a cheek
any baby - where's lexicon today it is
from do pliers which is like one my
favorite breakfast which is a very
pancakes today about but I really
imprison pancakes and I drink a lot last
night so I knew that you taught me crazy
I'm sorry I was insane like what the
fuck am i doing on camera for I don't
know I feel like if I were to have a
reality show I want them to see cookies
he really shows they have their hand
we've already done since Isis movie with
different specific how people wake up
are you doing anything with you think
it's bacon bacon and pancakes do so much
house using race Raja p.m. cousin
tickets break and I like you
and once again I can't put the spray can
for a boy you cut me out at all here
thank you well mineral hair should you
crack so thank you I woke up like this
literally I'll just return off like a
week I feel like the booth chance almost
last longer they don't look don't have
such a nice color right here I get last
one of them
so this ones that here throw that
lettuce appears inside of her morning
morning everyone love this natural look
well I don't do more natural in this I
have such a busy day like busy but I
thought there's a lot of working out
like hiking like my gym session watching
do with Rome and then I have as a
trainer session how do you sit today for
like so fucking long
okay I think they're all our right hand
now I'm yeah who was sorry what we look
like with a pair that I can also do plus
that penis inside huh Harold's my song I
kind of don't like it right there's a
little texture to it
yeah just do something nice okay agree
because I wanted to keep my short time
on the movie the best and they're
literally my favorite or Affairs on
humpy and this stuff he'll little
I don't know what is a lot of left one
guy took we leave out I hold up like
this I'm on my live show with their hi
live show people and it's not all this
reason it feels so good out of
recommission one last night was a rough
rough good night I had grade one and I'm
just showing you now to my cute shorts
forever probably I'm in love with and I
ordered some pancake one way it was you
guys why I love doing like anxious
because y'all can get food with me
tripod y'all can get food with me and
eat and chat so this is black show weird
like this was going on I love watching
everyone play online this is you now I'm
usually on you know it's why I'm always
on you down at home / - shut up penis
and I feel so alive hi love ha ha ha I'm
not drinking the vodka yeah um so I just
got up and I just um
took a night last night my hair was so
crazy I was in the long bow this looks
longer I've actually really cute so I
don't know I was wearing a blob of my
day to day which is like working out and
then we're celebrating a Jewish birthday
ten nine right add so I had a lot of I
have to go to hike centers work out
another one was a trainer workout so
that makes me go crazy I look crazy a
block hammer out cue and live show I was
I guess I am going to go if you have lot
miss Lucas you living for up Hey Girl
hey so what's up with you guys and money
I was like was all that was like down to
here actually invent people is this
thank you little very fun as i dying
so if I wanna go I think you'd be a
pause Kaitlyn you know as well thank you
things like growing actually so it's
like not too bad and it was crazy
so don't die I'll try not to like the
motto of every day is just die I try
every day not to um how do you ignore
the haters oh but you just do I'm so
itchy ahead the decisions forever
it's so good to the mouth I need to
embrace my short hair more I just get so
addicted to having them in Shaun video
what's the jawn video I don't want to
give you wishing when your friend must
love it I love it too I've been doing it
for over 10 years how long 13 14 years
no I need 19 shit over 20 nice oh my god
algorithm yeah I started doing about 13
and 29 not 16 years I was losing my hair
yeah life was like so bad
how'd I get so old oh do you even take a
record I am eating pancakes and bacon
I'm so excited I was crazy I got up I'm
a bed mate with God around what the fuck
did you go with something you know what
young you know that way I won't feel a
fucking abandoned steak bacon
mmm I'm getting bacon ii pauses up yeah
no I'm gonna go through actually others
over here I'm like whatever I have like
so much about I do day in here I'm just
like an earlier starts and I felt some I
cannot wait to work out but I haven't
watched Game of Thrones in one season
I'm starting to survive so like two
seasons left which is really sad because
two seasons so season is 10 episodes
watch two episodes every time I work out
so questions to that five-day through
ten more days of working out the Amazons
and that's it it's done it's bonito
until like starts in July but I can't
watch it on money tonight no I can't
watch on my iPad cuz I downloaded from
iTunes so thank you a little for a
little bird you guys been 500 far so
favorite character in Game of Thrones
um I love well okay my favorite is Drogo
could be so fucking hot but he only
lasted one season right
hardly a season so but I thought like
one of my favorite characters of all
time like I like his character and also
he's just really really hot in the show
like really hot so my favorite character
though is Kali see obviously because I
think she's such a fucking bad-ass I can
she's gorgeous she's sexy I didn't want
to be her so I feel like the Marik is
definitely like who's you've been great
them links is there like that I would
tell you but can't tell you um I really
have been liking Jon Snow's character
acts like I said beginning like the
first season I was like tops most
credible clothes like you know no means
um to pre secure yourself a lot of time
ago see oh good because I know I feel
like my heart's llinois I would shared a
tender saying last night I didn't bother
tinder guy someone else but Jon Snow get
all day like yes I'm head make me yeah I
only really like I found more attractive
as the show goes on him as period
actually like Tyrion you know Peter
Dinklage I don't know where you guys are
from like if you're in this country or
another country because I'm having
someone piss on you now again you know
we're um I have to be with Rome I think
you were was on you now
wasn't consumers runs a casino they're
not really a power yet post over here at
America like Game of Thrones was like
mainstream like everyone's obsessed with
it
oh so anyway so Tyrion to your grand
ledge he's an American I can just the
only American actor on the show correct
me if I was wrong but he is kind like I
don't know he's kind of a big thing over
here before I even watching with throne
but I name is Peter Dinklage I was like
he just he's in a lot of movies over
here and also like he just like a thing
like I'm tired why because this episode
was like huge and human mean and how
long it is nothing yeah I feel like
maybe in other countries it's not I
don't know
not in other countries but it was like
don't after walking with him how is your
mom doing she is doing human clothes and
food oppression which actually is not
back she can sexy my head edge is so
fucking bad I wish his speech would be
longer
that was a little sexy for so long that
making was fun never Apple I think no I
had like another little girl and it's
knowledge as' know I feel like I hadn't
went on the fourth day stones everything
I was really hot to join the fourth
grade Oh
oh my god and his name was mr. Bharani I
know for sure he's retired now but mr.
brawny was named he had long hair I see
look like an Indian like I made earlier
I think he was aware could actually can
be always wore moccasins in his earrings
and um your hair is growing it is
growing never stopped making move buns
okay well I won't thank you come see me
for a blow I'll hook you up where are
you at from Bay wash your hair
I'm washes tomorrow I can't my washer
Friday is that really gross yeah
probably um do you ever sniff coke
no I was trying to think about that
music oh
actually we've got room right hey that's
because when so technically I don't know
why that right any of it miss it I guess
you snort it shout out to Jessica rose
YouTube here's a guy quick King on my
YouTube I'll check it out I'm your link
on twitter guess me and all day well I
don't want you to get proposal sounds
Pleasant to work you know I don't do
hope you guys that is one thing um I
used to I think it's kinda like who I'm
with
there's been a couple guys I've dated
not too seriously but for you know a few
months forever and they were into it and
so I kind of felt like I should be by
association don't do it Coke's up yeah
III Michelle is like focus Mia didn't
give me like any good high I just felt
really anxious and paranoid that I was
going to die on it I was gonna overdose
like all the time I did not like it
um I've never done like heroin or meth
or anything that's like intense cousin
died of overdose heroin overdose and I'm
like that's scary like heroin is like so
intense like I don't know I'm not like
I'm not a prude I'm like a shaver but
passes and I guess I'm just a for what
comes with drugs just I'm not a shame
about the drug addict has if you're if
you're addicted
I know if I created you to things food
in the doctor I agree and I do have a
food addiction um but it's different
because it's not is someone to send it
which I think oh my god Grace Jones for
the 5,000 I was okay for the 4,000
under a new kind of thank you Andy for
the thousand five years or so to enjoy
so much
Oh Jacob candy buzz buzz buzz we're on a
three we're on a stick Oh Becca we need
5,000 bars whoa whoa cut dozen bars here
my candies doesn't some bars when you're
a big guy so much
you look awful this morning are you
saying thank you for the thousand bars I
release up Jack queen of getting more
making it rain bars making it rain gonna
see it register Club Thank You Ally
where the foreigner like um what are you
getting for breakfast I am getting Thank
You bacon
girl you also say things when you're
getting so fat I really do go workout
like two to three hours after a e/m
before I eat here's my money I'm not
passionate right thing I need to ask
people if the bill I think people talk I
just pay bills today um I hate being
billed us what I do I have a lot of like
ketchup stuff to do here
I ran a much a narrative and education
watcher no much errands yesterday
workers great cause it's like suffering
leader to like physically go out and do
as I thought today okay we do my cosplay
but like I said somebody like to do it
works always which those producers
thank you for your dog bar so Stern
school for the love of God area in
school for long you can tell are you not
just watch it well thanks girl no I'm
guys like well I have a really bad habit
of rubbing my eyes it's why another
reason why I need gosh such and so I
don't run
eyes I love to do it feels so good 3
meses s I think yeah the basics getting
less love you to me
hey saying we'll take it I'll take what
I can get give a hangover
yeah not a bad one thank God I don't
feel like miserable I just
oh I'm sorry with my eyes just making up
yes hmm as one keeps asking about Jason
sighs I was good y'all with it if we
could get married I'll let you fix
people just do it on a 505 Kennedy
Sanders is anything why does one call
Kennedy Sanders name is Sanders Kennedy
I have no I don't have my things it's
bad to say I don't have anything to say
I mean I feel like anything I say it but
she tells me a point that I don't know
we were friends it sucks I mean that
I'll understand he seems to be doing
well I don't know why he comes for me
he's always he's been in a video like
last December I'm down with trash I'm
over her like every video I put out he
has something to say there's a reaction
and Marshall over the video he did about
me just like if she puts it out there I
can say what I want and like I get that
but like you said she didn't want to
like so she were annoyed with my videos
and devices I don't get it I just I feel
like when I go like someone I just fell
watch them I just you know I don't know
I just thought well like I said nothing
bad to say you seem to be doing well I
mean I hope he's happy I don't know
that's not but then again they'll make
something bigger that's how everyone's I
was like I don't know I really doesn't
people to be happy and I don't know I
just would love to be like like left
alone with who don't like me but I guess
an imperfect world or purpose world your
lips look great thank you
now we're moving on from yeah I get
people want to use my name in videos
like um I get I guess I don't know this
is weird I guess I'm you have a personal
really shoot someone in the night like
to do that I think we're at all um
whatever computers with this it's the
food clothes don't dream I'd offering
nothing I don't have anything about
don't say guy on how many updates about
him he want a food is still my outfit
elaborate this place always take so
frickin long hungry bitch I have to get
okay
that's rough of IDEO right so maybe else
no I'm gonna fill you are oh I stole
videos oh wow huh my head oh god why my
steak and why I drank much I drink
fuckin too much on Tuesday night
I don't want make waffles and bacon
think stirs are start eating healthy
great you know what I say every day is a
new day and I just started mine when I
want okay super taste in it just sounds
really good and I just feel like I won't
be able to do these live shows a lot you
know and that's like starting in July so
when do any baking Holly Mitch mm bar -
just lucky when I use and I feel like me
just fine but I don't know it's fun or
do I eat with somebody if I feel like
these are fun to do while eating with
you guys maybe auntie on fire
how is it so bitchy thank you very
positive on a little Z above club blah
let's mosey tea tree oil on yourself I
just reorder some oil this joy Co the
k-pax up it's really good for my hair
when I need those from here like super
super dry Thank You Austin Peay
pickpocketer bars - up Phillips
étoile what did you last night I got
drunk Thank You Kristen for the primer
boys uh whatever nothing happened in
your teaching and dance and we are cool
and I love him so much
you know how to eat sweet basil
broadcast that is true I normally don't
have like I really don't like I know
because I was doing this so much this
month
everyone's like she always deep like
that um it's not that it's um when we
are sorry I'm along over there I don't
know where someone I get oh I know
because I do sometimes like like what I
normally do do when I'm not on you now
what I'm like have shit to plan for
which I have stuff I got planned for any
sitting so I got a like treatment but
not sure I get back which is like
getting a little quieter you don't I
mean I want to do that I eat like a
little early
well the pasta or some shrimp like here
and there and then like a hard-boiled
egg here and there is something like for
you sit down have a piece and it would
literally be like two minutes of me with
a hard-boiled egg that's my guys my guys
so getting pretty and getting my home to
drink on on uh some fun love it hump day
Thank You Tessa for the 500 bars I
didn't need to get a spray tan yesterday
I really was like looking forward to it
he's like I think he'll is kimchi for
the thousand fires pin Quentin Tarantino
so you wanna be cool you wanna be so
cool well I'm going to teach you the way
they think the way they can't be sued
cool that'd be good
how do we go I love feels good with our
thoughts working I think that thanks
guys thanks guys um which is in Detroit
uh I was just a lot of Road day last
night
which kind of made me like a cool -
sweet fresh much of the truth of it um I
love champagne champagne a popsicle
she's seen a potato chip ooh
tourism campaign of potato chips
actually things turning out meatless all
right and of course meatless like that I
just keep a tab why didn't order so baby
picked up like it should we be a
deliberate I am so fuckin hungry left
from that left knee
let me help you can read your own right
now I know what I'm really lazy then
respect us snow was coming up y'all
crazy I'm watching you I know it sounds
crazy 4:00 in the morning I never
checked against a class I love them
I'm kind of torn as Sean with Jason - OH
I honestly don't think idea I assume
she's like talking casually about it cuz
it it's one of those things where you
just have to laugh because women hurt so
much and like subpoenas they're like a
house would like to start laughing it
off and that's kind of how I've been and
it's like to me it's how I deal with
days so I mean I just I don't think
ideas it's like you know teas I just it
was just a saying I feel like that I
have I tell people I don't know when
they ask about relationships especially
in my last one it's like thoughtful and
what I can do it without like crying you
know Thank You Stefan like 7000 bars I
hope you get better
I am I am good I promise you I am and I
am better for sure
I don't like cry about it and you all
have hope you know like I should I have
to carry on to hope like and without
were meant to be like why won't you see
it like you don't I mean and then I mean
that's definitely done and like there's
no thoughts of that I'm like moving on
happy as usual oh thank you right if it
does like to be here
it was gonna stop and I'm not EXCI and
it's like the blacks s comes off of it
all the time I was exposed to Maryland
safe and it came what's so weird
usually it says when a person's like
enter out and let's which is life it
does P it uses you'll find it very
annoying
oh and by mom mmm again these cakes are
so long why is all my other got my
favorite I'd never be a teenager only I
would she said they were fine but I
don't I used to not never crave them and
I create them mmm I love you because I
heard you're fired
thank you see all right why do you go
how do I show my boyfriend that happen
anymore hmm
that's hard I've never had to avoid her
that I would say honestly so salty cuz
obviously people haven't been happy when
their relationship with me and dis don't
tell me I'm eating all the time so I
would be upfront
mommy reviving a barge data we saw this
in jail well I know you're insane i'ma
get them read in the next I kept
cheating a say on the 14th of your
library's read meals it's like a Marilyn
thing it's annoying
whyisign prevails but I think it's gonna
wait Thank You Shelby 4,000 bars cuz i
lo Kenny wails uh-oh
Rock I might tell my best friend that
I'm in love with him huh when you're
drunk come that way I was awkward
you met I was stronger than the end but
if he feels the same like so glad that
night huh
I mean you know what here I have some
bacon waiting Ellen how do I get over
someone time I'm just in time Thank You
G dream grams for Zaldivar think you
learn a pizza slice
I do my breaks up something has you I'm
sorry here at all
December and January working dark nuts
would you ever lost money again
absolutely
I love being in love we get more dragon
I like Asian art mm-hmm close every
slide one the other day
Thank You laughter did you have these
bumpers on the bars I love your natural
hair I was like hey this cute one
actually plectrum body into it for sure
I just hate wearing shoes or Drive is
enough my name is Vlad my breakfast vlog
I like to force yourself above one glass
dome I might be good crazy
thank you my mind a thousand bar hmm now
I'm going to blog it a little bit
I chose reps blogs crazy I think we're
good water and don't sell their boat but
I want to see with your am so I can eat
some zoom okay so these are the best
pancake ever I guess I'm some juice bars
they are amazing is so thick and fluffy
I just have to make it just poured a
little okay I'm so lie hi guys the lamb
over there must eat well just money is
like up I thought to blog with all you
guys but hmm
you know very important that I show you
saying gauge because I think it's not
weird actually be out of you now the
guys who are watching the blog with me
always a little comfortable even though
I can't see you guys it's so much more
comfortable so anyway it's about this
hypothesis we came back
I'm a triazole one biggest one maybe
start dead over here I have to do my
house what a baseball opinion I don't
have one Leon I feel like obviously had
a lot of thank you mother I love her for
it see what private of ours obviously is
loves what love them obviously but I
think your Malati black heat on it to
let me roll kids hockey yes so you have
news on Disney Channel show here's all
these followers
thank you Lisa fiber bars I don't mean
that means makes anyone better come in
at 20 cuz I would have had fame and
money at that I probably I thought that
was a crappy Apple at 20 and I didn't
have that you don't mean so he's looking
at stuck with conference do roof makes
nice a million a year
Thank You Nancy for Tesla I mean yeah
that's crazy
I don't even oughta found it be honest
is this absolutely insane but you know
good for him I guess I don't know the
crazy world we live in
that's all I can say I don't really know
this surface warm I love water I see
myself in the fridge so in case your
answer them to get it but I don't have
one on one here that I loved your last
one girl knows my case was so good oh
these are amazing these are my favorite
we're gonna chat earlier not usually a
pancake person but when I had them at
this place for the first time I'm like
that I think
we just wait and see yourself a defense
I know some of you wanna accidentally
bite it solo every day right something I
did boom I did I got you
you need a cap innovative crazy cat lady
what don't understand though back to the
date coughing it's a whole team ten
thing what does that mean what is that
for real
I'm not even a funny like such a call is
it like a house Jen can I thank you for
shelf over 500 words
oh no idea what TeamTennis I'm just like
so confused and I don't mean a second
hate thing I just don't know if like the
name of their friendship group I don't
know or like it's a way of life at 10
when I would totally buy 15 10 when you
would've met family name stop seeing
prettier and I talked about a video when
people new youtubers call their
followers viewers for Adams family grew
maybe it is weirder that I know I hope
you think let's treat cult murder thing
well three games raging and they are
amazing Thank You Christopher for the
thousand bars they can be real super
words laughing it's plastic but it looks
like real huh such a team name I guess
it makes sense let someone else do a
syrup like I do where you put on this
each body I feel like when you put it
all over the pancakes that just soaks
into watching you can't we get the full
taste just everyday bra is there no
glaring differences you don't need it
they're so sweet um bringing us home in
a thousand bars once every day as well
we should area last night breakfast more
uses sub-windows well I don't like
subway never have I don't with
sandwiches really not a sandwich person
comes everything grow with that Disney
Channel well okay I stress myself good I
prepared this in chalk you ended up
there
thank heavens on table manners
oh thank you sort after house of ours
every night since I write them huh I saw
I think it's I don't know I thought was
a little weird so right put them into
second oh this seems like odd
hey Joan hey Joan what's your real off a
let's say to all right chicken was bun
mmm I needed just one of those last
week's in me which it wasn't that great
I usually love fried chicken for is it
ordered last week um you know I was not
back ready which is good because I we
stopped think I prayed that all the time
but saving it's gone
I think it's are so good I just want to
call them and I am that bacon was so
good though - I'm hot bacon then you
listen 4000 by what about three little
IRS finale
you know I never invent shell but
knowing me I'll get into it ten years
late I'm really loved Pretty Little
Liars I'm going to finish you off so I
can persuade attorneys you're about
vegan cheeto no I'm not
thank you for having bar Sophie Jay Paul
got married Erica Claire America is
stopped excited I got a don't like
someone want to go swimming
we'll have fun saline do you like beef
jerky
you know we savor Game of Thrones
character
I don't know grab the start I guess a
mystery is about Shawn I thought the cat
if you like Shawn or something classy
girl has orange juice one by half a lens
or do something
Thank You palace in a thousand dollars
I'll plate me reviews Oh any way you
could do that my fake marriage I wanted
to be real so I had some purpose behind
it and hope behind it I want to be
Miriam just let our shake some of the
flies over painting yours ever narrate
your life I knew all the time when I'm
in the car
however you text myself all the time is
that really really full these are so
frickin car they're so soft and mm-hmm
we're gonna melt in your mouth
thank you Jim Marino 4,000 bars I'm
wrong so cool way to do it what else is
known one get where you want to wear
anymore trust me I know and that's how I
am grass always for you
I want to diminish it there was an early
show from my ed edd single thank you all
our affairs house of our 54 vicious
cycle isn't it well I know I've been in
relation I don't wanna be a vegetable
one now that missing a program I got
want to be a relationship but I know
once I do I don't feel that freedom are
weird mmm
you're not just my seven are never dead
sorry
you that much today libido twelve water
Lamborghini employer ISM why was that
one Jason Emma 100 I talk about him a
lot on you on you know I don't really
have anything more to add his koala I
like him you see a nice and cute wait
what
I keep missing Cal is embracing open
relationships now maybe that's okay Lao
what come all is embracing open relation
so maybe that's the way out I don't know
what that means my dad just let me do
again it's like exciting congratulations
that's amazing because you're going to
open relationship no I mean to gelas
like I opened an apology and
relationship where I'm like a third on
I've actually only done that once like
an actual relationship not just like
that Thank You 4000 like um I think I'm
gonna be 50 by but like you know like
long term now and it was my
relationships definitely not I'm getting
your name on the ankle what was a
polyamorous relationship like um thank
you Andy 4,000 barred
um um it's cool because I felt like I is
so hard to explain I and maybe this is
wrong or something wrong but I like
sexual things with guys better I like
having the relationship with a girl
butter so like the relationship I had
was this couple I I don't know if I
enjoyed it more urges to happen that way
that I you know we just have more sex me
and him and then with the girl obviously
you would better access but it was just
mostly me in this guy when all three of
us were together but I connected with
the girl more and the relations just
sends and like the physical cuddling
sense and I was drawn to her more and
like that in general with girls I'm
drawn to bands and I think it's why I
don't have a lot of girlfriends is the
girls resulting you know the girl was
super she's like the polly am queen like
she has that miss her whole life she
starts out actually full-on lesbian met
this guy I think I've never was with the
guy so I met him but you know um it was
interesting it was really interesting
because I didn't like like a third I
guess you could fix you in her
relationship like maybe I draw with them
and we'd hook up but it was never like
really shit this is a relationship where
they came to my party like you know we
we talked and we all were a group text
together and gave each other like the
love affirmations and stuff end it was
it was good um there wasn't a problem
and I think we kind of just I did I was
probably scared because I actually
really lose anything in her life no
this was such an it's such a weird
situation I felt so natural which is I
feel like does not mean to like be NASA
with that but there they were amazing
and they're really sweet people like
just sweet Souls and just nice kind
people which I really liked
um but I kind of get nervous right you
know why do you break up uh like some
kid didn't it was kind of fizzle because
we weren't like official so they were
official with a girl back in March and I
met them right the end of March so I
think they were getting out or something
and so we never really official and then
we couldn't talk about it even you know
I seen you over to I think it's a
different thing
oh these bars was different Lola
Sappington's about the bars with the red
crown I'll do my family thank you Thank
You Laura Fafi she's doing it let's be
scabs or a fee right now are so fucking
girls I so would have to detain scab I
fucking hate it so much
why is there like on her a little kiss
John Cena like thank you for the
applause in Swami um so yeah we didn't
really break up there was no nasty like
break up or you know we can't see each
other anymore it's kind of just texting
kind of subsided more Isis on my part
they text it and try to get together I
was just kind of scared I don't know so
I can't I can't with this right now
plan for today I have to go on a hike
I'm going to go to my gym and workout
and then I have a trainer session and
then what's already storage night so
that's exciting because I haven't seen
Andrews leaving for a little bit they
keep going out of town for like a week
so I pick it all that ready um
Mervin you still want to I've got
everything you almost dream stuff
absolutely I want the love of my life
whether we get married or not I would
love to have kids that is the ultimate
dream isn't it
educating your glimpses it glim does the
a being a been tomorrow don't keep
swimming up beside now I've been on an
hour um kind of left on someone's back
to salute your soulmate
well I always say if they let you though
you have to let them go you can't hang
on someone that is trying to go you'll
drown no fall behind
I'm here liking your nails any better no
don't hate them I'm under your hair like
that funky Oh what if they don't let you
go I mean they have to and if they don't
get a restraining order because you know
I'm someone that does not want like old
people but you have to classical what
are you gonna do you know and who wants
to formalize like watch my 10 movies
really like force them by gunpoint to be
with them or kill all our family like
why would you looking like that anyways
guys I gotta go shower and answer the
email on his phone calls and slow well
thank you for eating breakfast with me
and so much fun was I do it tomorrow I'm
doing the cosplay tomorrow for sure
100% so maybe we will I'm doing an
eating show so maybe it'll be later on I
will see by lobby buy it so much I think
you nearly just happened bye bye Ashley
aim by Japanese just like on the pajamas
a big
know what you to buy facial starting
might be la Coupole energize them
suspect me some more open right here I
love you guys and I'll see you a seat
kissing sushi well Charlie Manson I love
the guy expensive huh me
