okay so last week I told you I got stood
up
remember when I was all pretty sitting
on this very couch Mel's like he send me
up twenty five months before well look
who came through oh yeah yeah morning
date more to say at 9:00 a.m. and then
after music do you want to go out
tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. I was like that is
not be I go to bed at like 7:00 so he's
a dad an actual father I think it's
super cool let me say to all of you out
there who are Tricia fans and have been
with her for 11 years I want to
congratulate you because I am just
getting a taste of all I've never seen
any of her videos nothing me nothing i
watch into her apartment it's it's a
museum in the best way possible it's
just it's awesome it's actually very
very very comfortable here you like it
holy shit it's cozy it's cozy it's kind
of cameras but at the same time she's
got the outdoors right a little bit
she's into coffee which I love already I
didn't know that the thing and people
said on Twitter that you were crazy what
do you think you're not crazy at all I
don't think you're a little like
frenetic looks like that's every
youtuber you're a little all over the
place and by that I mean like you just
jump from subject like you're like not
always look like sniffing I like that
I'm very like oh I love it you are but
then like I feel like when you're not on
camera he's like like the cool like
you're like suave you're like very like
on camera you're like I'm just a dork
and blah blah blah like I didn't do feet
and then when the cameras on is like
she's like so I like complete like it's
just like you're sloppy like that of
everyone not just me I feel like you
honestly probably like that with
everyone I don't have a boyfriend
place is awesome
we had to give us a to Angie oh oh you
love that Jason hook oh yeah andrea
russett I was really excited
everything's like their diamonds ended
I mean you've obviously you've shown
your fans you show your audience
really an avid no and haven't done like
Krim now let's do it right now
I think you so much you're one you
literally vlog my entire apartment it's
just it's fascinating I mean like just
this alone
just this is just this alone my
flip-flops flip-flops look guys it's the
same hair why would she buy two pairs
it's not god I know you're straight guys
look look look
you could I couldn't possibly go through
this in one day look it's it's
everywhere and then it's like lacasa
flow in here look at this messy a mess
that's okay
look at this if this was crib it would
be like this is how we do you know that
song I would be like just shots of like
it'd be like like all the cool like all
the bling and stuff be like Bentley's
oh - oh you should you should do a
montage you don't know how to edit so
you just roll this yeah are you kidding
me I lit a clip I can do that me to get
my blog yeah but you hear well with time
I've been editing I said night now six
to eight hours for each love you telling
me you just put this on your computer
and upload it yeah I do it 45-minute log
so welcome to my life and then you make
when we're would a Couture that's not a
you probably make more money than me we
could never date because our whole life
would just be videoing each other I feel
like it would be not as who I want
perfect
you didn't see this part this is my
little Disney you actually you're like a
Christian Chenoweth character in real
life I try I love her
we're gonna go to the Grove because you
still owe me a date we haven't gone out
and you flaked on me twice and we're
going to just blog together
can't wait alright let me turn this off
and yeah guys so I gave them a second
third chance because I'm desperate
are you are used mahir scary I feel like
you're a little scare that you're like
home that I'm going to like expose you
or something crazy eyes well I thank you
as much but yeah well I would hate you
know whatever you could say whatever you
want about me
I'm sure there's like a lot of that
stuff Oh
if you really know you love
oh I love camping style oh that was
actually really
ah so I think um Jason might be more
embarrassing than me in public like he
literally doesn't care to just give his
camera to somebody and be like you how
many times did we kissed for a thumbnail
like literally my ultimate goal right
there relationship goals and we need it
for the thumbnails what he thought I was
like oh and then we were holding up I
thought he grabbed my hand to be sweet
and romantic and then he's like slogging
it out like oh we're not this is not my
date I'm late that I kind of hoping for
like a real date Jason we're having a
little is this now we're just walking
around the ground compressing that's
pretty and food I'm getting to know
there's that all you need to know about
me is I just fucking me
I need something pretty like this so
this is it um what's the cutest thing
maybe that pink thing I don't even
notice or maybe a macaroon maybe paint
macaroon I like that I wish you're gonna
keep that free cue so I'm getting my
second ski of the day this is specific
to it lock and I had ice cream and now
I'm having macarons with maybe
who's that maybe we have a second date
in the future I don't I won't hear from
him you'll see a video I'm sure oh he be
no he does that now but he bought me my
ice cream so in my book for good I'm
ready to get married and I can't I
literally asommus are you ready Deb can
see I'm Morgan oh yeah I know everybody
cuz I want kids I asked to have to ask
you one more what's the right person I
would have a kid
we know it's very hard for you have tips
I feel like we need to try a lot because
I tried out hands and heart and you have
to do your fertile I am very very very
cool biggest turn-on ever you guys look
how cute these macaroons are macarons
are runes I got me ready macaroons I'm
going to eat one a fort on the live show
I just have some lunch with you guys
there's the you know how you know people
Oh consume we have some 200 people in
here 10,000 people put in here total as
you can see up there yourself yeah hi
look everyone say hi is your name hi I
love doing I love eating with you guys
okay why can I open these I just had to
show these these were just so freaking
pretty
where should I eat first you guys so I
like a lot live I can guys and tell me
which ones to eat first I feel like you
guys know which one I want to eat for it
let me know what you would you look so
fab face thank you okay I love all my oh
my positive fans and support will fan
the bays okay and see what they tell me
to eat pink on the top left
mmm the sparkly one top left the
heart-shaped one I actually do want to
eat the heart-shaped one the one on the
top left us with Drive Hertz bar claim
I'm just going by so fast
someone said GGC Shawn is starting to
put up the wops keys on his cups now
well I didn't see you idle follow what
my mom did tell me I love it I'm like
doing a double on the blog and the
emails like two cameras but my mom does
having to shoot the ball as i'm
recording following so did you see he
had a mom I got in that cupboard sighing
she likes copy I mean well we have my
cup I'm glad he uses it I love this this
is like a dual camera someone talked
with a lot of real quick quick you know
you all you never see it - so we just
got back this is so weird always log in
life um it's like it's QVC we step back
from vlog again watch this live show
it'll be up on this channel
um Brad selling them that I was actually
really really excited she soon was like
really really like actually really sweet
and nice and kind and I was like oh my
god I have so much fun with him actually
which is weird so I'm gonna good mood I
wasn't a good mood but then someone
texted me if you want a lot drama go
watch his live show which will be over
ready time you see this little still
become - Jenna I love it anyways okay
I'm going to eat and I have some still
money went so I had to vlog and you know
there's narcissistic so what is what I
are so beautiful you have to vlog it and
I have to you now it set my needs a
heart born as a lotus really god it
smells really good
kevin has half a lot coma saying those
would mmm whoa that was really sugary
stinky teeth marks and pacifiers even
have one of these lighter ones more
sweet mmm that looks good
I just want all Pete macarons
knocks - pretty good okay blob I'll give
you guys some one-on-one time after I
finish this for a long time
