it's Valentine's Day and it is so super
early already filmed a video for you
guys and everything because I won shit
unboxed I wanted to wear this but I have
so many pink purse so I could go with
this outfit but I wanted to wear this
because I love this purse and I'm really
excited it like wear it and use it it's
not hens day I wrap these presents last
night you guys know I hate wrapping
presents but I love buying presents and
I got these before
daddy dayson and I love buying gifts all
year round like holidays I love buying
gifts because I feel like people don't
get so weird accepting gifts on on
holidays and for the record I don't
expect anything from I even said don't
get me anything like I'm really that
person that I I never want people to
spend money on me I like spending time
with people or like experiences with
people like I don't I'd literally don't
eat anything so I just got these because
I also I thought about him I'll just
I'll just boiler alert cuz he'll know by
the time this goes up but I got him
three pairs of hands because he's been
wanting slip-on shoes I actually got him
does fpz not ease for Valentine's Day
but we had a fight so I gave it to him
early especially not because of the
fight but because he was looking for
shoes during our fight and I she's like
you know what I got him for using the
same Valentine's Day it was kind of the
main gifts but he hasn't won like casual
everyday ones and yeah and he's been
talking about going to vans so I went to
the Vans store and if I count three of
my favorites lie ons like he just likes
the ones that don't like lace up and I
know his size so I got him white bands
checkered vans I like flame fans so
hopefully I like one of those three and
then I also got him an iPad pro because
he loves watching like YouTube videos
and stuff unless he has kids that
probably that to watch it as well so I
thought that was kind of a family thing
you could share with them plus he he
always like lay in bed and watched my
giant like iPad pro so I got like a my
I'm just cus Valentine's Day stuff
thousand was bro I was like saying
because I know here Lee one of the bands
so hopefully they're the right things he
likes all
he's pretty easygoing know if I forgot
something he's usually got hey that's
good that's good taste so I found his
day he's completely surprising me as I
said in my main channel video I've never
been surprised I've had two Valentine's
Days where was good meeting I got to
spend time with the person I was with a
couple of on his a my boyfriend's name
and like I want to see me so one
Valentine's I planned in Vegas and then
another Valentine's I planned with
somebody it was just like dinner so this
is the first time being surprised so I'm
happy with literally anything
that I wanted to see him on Valentine's
Day and that was it that was my only
like request and I'm seeing him about
Vince days so it's really cool he plans
something it's really early and you said
to dress up it's like it's like 8
o'clock this morning so he's gonna pick
me up at 8:30 so I have no I have no
idea what to expect
I really have no clue so I'm next huh
huh me I like butterflies I get so
excited see Jason I get like butterflies
up time I see him I somewhat good for
him and love him anyways happy
Valentine's Day everyone's here this
blog goes you guys California Donuts
hooking me up YUM
this is awesome place that has these
specialty doughnuts they're so pretty I
got all Valentine's Day and ones I want
to keep the present from the donuts
appear so don't look until I go bad in
the car but which one's your favorite
that one looks the best to me like
prettiest and aesthetic but that one
looks really got me that'd be mine but
probably the one I'd want to get will be
that one the xoxo who has dummies on it
things California donor Valentine's Day
to everyone out there and if you don't
have a special someone today
it's a holiday that is made by
corporations make money so remember that
there's you don't feel bad I say that
every year I'm 29 years old and I
probably spent 26 Valentine's Days alone
and honestly it's stupid it's a
Wednesday it's dumb and it's over in a
day anyways however I have a boyfriend
this years I love every year I'm all
about single bound hands and the coop
cares like I don't need a man but then
this year it's like that's always
happens to me every time I get in
relationship I'm always like oh it's
less thing ever but then when I'm single
I'm like I don't need a man hold me back
I'm so much better than everybody else
um no but today is if I told them it was
very special Valentine's Day because no
one's ever planned like knows ever
surprise me I'm all nervous because once
again I own about what really you just
told me no it's very relaxing I feel
like we're going to his house and I feel
like like we're gonna just like hang out
and have chicken Upton's that would be
fun take some guesses as to what you
think this will be why are you did a
couple guesses on his blog why don't up
Smith I'm making slaw because he has a
lot more than I do
I was it's early morning like I told you
guys early morning so I was like wow
maybe we might I thought maybe like a
hike or something cuz you're very
physical but then you told me it's not
casual to dress up however I'm very
dressed up in your very not phenomenally
kind of confused then I thought well you
know I always talked about being like
adopted and I thought maybe we're gonna
adopt your papers because early the
morning this is the time you would go to
a courthouse and get dumped should be
first state New York I'm going to the
Ronald Reagan Museum shit how did you
know
are you serious obviously the most
romantic place on earth I'm Ronald
Reagan Museum daddy I'm glad you think
it's the wrong way I love the wrong room
you see they have an Air Force one you
can go on and take a picture on my kids
went to the Ronald Reagan Museum for a
field trip
yeah so much fun that I love have you
been
so glad it doesn't sound very exciting
you can buy Jelly Belly's sounds Ronald
Reagan's favorite snack he was really
into jelly beans yeah he loves those I'm
from Illinois he's from Dixon Illinois
so you could go see Ronald Reagan's
house we grew up like if you go to my
dad's house call me I got by the way to
my dad's house he has like pictures of
Ronald Reagan and Jesus everywhere
that's really idols what a pair and we
saw was go to the Ronald Reagan at
Museum up in Simi Valley and then we
feel yogurt I bet your dad made all his
money during the Ronald Reagan years
that's why he does run Reagan no one
know Robert was present when I was born
so no he was before he didn't make money
until I built an era and he was a Bill
Clinton he and like Bill Klein at all he
was so we always had like Bob Dole signs
in our yard he was very Bob Dole I don't
know I don't know if he was like old I
don't know I don't rich getting
political plates General Bill O'Reilly
and Josh Tim Russert and sanity on
Hannity hey what I got I met you over
here we're going to your house literally
right now tell them about that
you tell them tell them how I went out
of my way you always do you always do I
don't understand like you we're
literally going over so by the way
there's so much traffic if you can see
he was distant all this traffic right
now and it took him like an hour he let
up
that's why I look like trash cuz I did
you look he looked great I just feel
like we're a very oppositely dressed I
wish I would've drug lord
add to like my woke up late and I had to
take my kids to school and then I had to
get over to you really my parents always
got me Valentine's Day presents
yeah like but nothing like crazy but
like you know maybe maybe we should get
maybe we should get Oh Jimmy can we get
basket I love that one as you go when I
ever came home from school I always make
my mom want to make me like a little get
basketball the stuff I'm like thank you
little Electrical thump his a theme and
could we do that
it's not like a lot of candy that'll rot
them teeth
it's Valentine's Day what the heck it's
like maybe some chopped carrots we're
never having kids I changement might
never want to kid with you
actually no I do and I was like McCall
the rules of decision it's like
literally these their teeth rot out of
their head that's what came true because
I need candy my whole life and I have
money and they're really great I'm sure
your kids don't like to have strong
healthy teeth well yeah so this should
be a fun day it's got a couple things
planned I'm here oh I'm not gonna head
it today yeah that's the best
Valentine's Day present I could ever ask
for her I have to podcast tonight come
with you you can wait out you can you
can sit while we do it it's only 40
minutes yeah well yeah I don't mean I
don't may be in there with you
I didn't know if you're there I'm sure
David will call you in no I can
literally just sit there I'm capable of
that you act like I need to always be
the center of attention
I don't I wasn't saying that mm while
you're high like well you could sit
there uh yeah of course I'm gonna
consider
saying you need to be Saturday me I
don't people that's a misconception
people think I always need attention on
me I love attention I love it but I
actually like don't always love it like
I like it a misconception about Trish
she's she's very she's not egocentric or
anything at all actually it might come
off that way because she has pictures of
herself but in reality she's she's like
who doesn't talk about herself she
doesn't brag about herself to me she has
like so much going on that she could
brag about she actually doesn't she's
she always asked me about myself she
always talks about me she indulges me on
the most boring stories like I'll catch
my simply read dinner the other day
Jones and I was talking about something
so boring why was it I was going on and
on I think I was I was I caught myself
and you were like huh I know well that
was nice of you that you actually find
my boring stories interesting cuz it was
so boring you wouldn't know if I was
bored I'm sure I wouldn't you know yeah
let me think it was something like I
think I was talking about how oh I know
what it was I was telling you that I
that I used to grill a lot no really
interesting actually no I changed
everyone give you grill books and then
you're like I was kind of over it
because once people find out you like
one thing they start giving all these
books I mean you must really like me if
you wanted to hear about what are you
know I'm kind of like that too like and
people always think I'm I love my new
show my new chef yeah like if you if you
like got like when you got in the car
and you were like and then I did this
and then I did yeah I love that or if
you were like I had two eggs with the
Dinos like I like or Howard Stern when I
listen to Howard Stern's yeah he'll my
favorite thing that he does is he'll
he'll tell you exactly like what he did
on Sunday night with Beth or something
yeah that's my favorite usek I got the
chicken parmesan
I guess yeah I get a side of spaghetti I
throw half the spaghetti out yeah yeah
he's like I put on fox news I love ya I
think that's why people like vlogs
especially long blog some people like to
hear every detail that we're doing and
occupy like I loved it I loved watching
long blogs as you can hear every little
thing even like boring stuff of people
going through an airport looking for
their gate I'm like this is like
relatable I love I don't know what
something really doing about I wrote
yeah I like it too and then I because
but sometimes people tell me they like
that's so weird Damon and I were doing
the podcast like if I started talking
about grilling he would feel boring we
have to cut that out Davis also 21 and
just like has to be doing something at
all times I would've liked that I found
a lot of people boring when I was seeing
older guys I was at oh my god shut up
about your kids like you know I would
like that person at 21 now it's like I
find it really interesting though she
cuz I want kids so I always like always
want to know about like people's lives
and like what it's like to be a parent
oh my god I couldn't even imagine I
really want again I'm gonna be bad like
I feel like I'd be painting the baby's
face like right out of the womb or loss
on you she'd be on top I wasn't here I
like to have like flippers and she think
mother-daughter pageants oh my god we
could be wearing matching outfits every
day I need a daughter I need like five
daughters by the way no I want five
girls no no yeah I put your daughter on
Toddlers and Tiaras
well it's our daughter I said okay it's
bad enough minor on YouTube okay I
better save this battery so shave the
back are we going tell me when to turn
it on again if it's something exciting
all right well here we go yes I've no I
literally have no clue where we're at we
went to Oakwood
are you lighting up right is there any
open over here I'm so confused
is this an airport everyone during
airport
why can't you see wait are we are we
going somewhere
potty daddy are we going somewhere or
are we just like having lunch or what
are we doing because I am
I'm so confused
Valentine's can't stop singing Elvis and
I love it no I love it like I am loving
it Elvis jack of Jason Jack I love Jack
Jack Jack Jack Jack actually Jack a Jag
you know a Jag is no but I'm so confused
I went on a jack a jack a Jag like a Jag
means like Oh
yeah a departure I think yeah Jack I'm
gonna look amazing right I'm so tired I
can't talk why is it require so I'm like
genuinely there are we Trish I think
we're poor I've never seen is this an
airport I've never seen this I'm so
confused are at airport oh my god are we
going somewhere
we're not going somewhere we're going to
I'm gonna tell you where it what we're
doing I guess it's time right I'm so bad
at surprise we don't know no book are we
going somewhere well you don't need any
luggage are we going on a plane should I
just tell you no oh god I almost frickin
hit something oh my god she's just so
nervous there's a car right behind you
Joey to help you and get out no no no no
no I have one of those you're nervous
I'm nervous
this is so weird this is I mean I don't
like it what are we going somewhere are
we going on a plane okay you don't sort
of tell you know no I got a feel fresher
I'm so nervous
this is so extravagant if we're going on
clean that's like so much oh let me come
get the door for you I don't think I'm
gonna be able to get out but I could
show you hop over your way okay I'm so
I'm so confused
I'm so confused because like how did you
plan this yesterday not necessarily
what's happening
okay you're right I'm smart I have to
throw you off the scent
I'm literally drugged up like a bomb
sniffing dog oh you're so romantic
thank you this is so confusing oh my god
you've done I'm a puppy oh my gosh how
pretty this all is
we can response painted yes just kind of
hurting like oh my gosh this is so
pretty oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm so
excited yes this is everything and we're
gonna go see some pretty homes this is
so by the way this is so creative I'm
really proud all right Lauren I have
champagne yes I think it's good so bad
really
Jake wait why is it so extravagant I
know what to do
I am so excited this is somebody
Butler's last week I said oh my god
listen slippery oh my god I'm like
you're granting it already no let's go
scare you
oh my god so cute this is a lot smaller
than the one I want it's pretty tiny the
terrible idea oh my god you did
the idea now he's scared of so little
it's gonna be fun nobody last time isn't
how I forget stick
you know that
few people throw up ever
it's on your credit cards oh thank you
Cletus charge I'm
so don't throw up
you need my fur that's $2,000
you're
he's like I don't know what I'm doing
exhibit
you have to start subside no one's ever
like an expert any point I just
my shoulder without a doubt I don't
worry about something like
Oh
oh my god you guys love
Hydra Shok you surprise me
so crazy
is that was so amazing that wasn't
selling me oh my gosh finish my glass of
champagne oh my god
thank you so much
that was so the intervals can't hide
soon we look at motion sickness and we
both just an adamant someone really
axillary would you like it yeah
there
hello great little strawberry Oh
actually we look super cute
those are great oh my god that's we get
to keep em oh good yeah we look so cute
this is the best we look good look
skinny good job sucking in and we both I
felt you sucking it and we took Richard
I did too well I mean it's Valentine's
Day yeah we got a second you look ma we
look skinny in that picture we need to
get that camera okay if I may go all
messed up we got a little makeout sesh
in the car
so jeez I'm so freaking cute we're here
at this like storm I got my dress up
like gettin loose already um and you can
we'd wait in the car so I see a bunch of
Valentine's things in there which i
think is super cute it's so funny he's
like I'm gonna call you and when I call
you you can start filming but I'm
already filming yeah but if I makeup up
messed up if I kissed cute boys only
allow your makeup to get messed up if
it's a cute boy ever and I don't touch
my face but that's how you know you're
in love when you let him mess up your
lipstick this is that how copter ID was
so cool
that surprised me I was not expecting
that we had never talked about that
before that definitely surprised me it's
really cute people are coming out with
all these little gifts just so fun I
guess I found NZ is like not it really
doesn't mean anything like if you're
single and some it really doesn't mean
anything but having said that I've been
alone a lot of Valentine's Day and it is
like I don't know it does feel good when
you finally find someone that wants to
spend it with you it's nice to find
someone who I don't know like I've been
in a lot of relationships where
Valentine's Days were like forests or I
just didn't feel right or they I've been
in relationships where they just don't
even take the time so I'm Alan has it
with me so sometimes it can be even
lonelier if you have someone and says oh
it's like I've been alone last
Valentine's Day I was alone last
Valentine's Day is really alone I had
liposuction the next day and I and my
mom had a boyfriend at the time and I
just don't really I was really by myself
and and it just it it can suck but you
know it's just another day like I said
but it's like then we find someone I
don't know it's like a really good day I
feel really special you know the
Wednesday about who do pulls on a
Wednesday so I just feel really really
exposed really really lucky it's really
nice a play Emma
um he's like that guy just love him so
now I'm waiting in the car
don't know what's gonna happen but you
said he'll call me when to try my
blogging camera I love a vlogger I love
a vlogging couple red roses Wow daddy
Jason Oh candy hearts - Wow red roses
I love these thank you welcome to more
things to more there's just a little
something what this is so sweet thank
you Wow
wanna schedule your honors and this day
I love it flowers this is so nice
thank you you know so pretty I'm gonna
try these hang them up and dry them so I
have them forever so when I die I want
to be buried with these the first flower
she said Amy I thought we were gonna go
to Forest Lawn and pick out little
cemetery plots to be buried next to each
other's dad that was like one of it
but it we're gonna go to Forest Lawn and
like make out like places to be buried
together thank you
I look at me hey guys were going to
another stop side with two more stops
this was a pretty good stuff I'm not
gonna lie
look how cute that store is wow thanks
all right guys this is our third stop he
just called me was it Shirin Cam'ron I'm
kind of scared
oh my god yeah someone
oh my god oh my god that was amazing and
so funny okay Christmas without you I
this Christmas do you think yeah oh I'm
so excited
oh please a stop this is everything
Jim incarceration oh I'm so excited
we're at Benihana I've been begging
Jason to go to Benihana with me for so
long this I'm a guy look at me hot date
what's up you look so sexy this is and
you made a reservation like who is this
well yeah hey
we have too much stuff he we look so
cute we look amazing this isn't that
look as descendants you know couples is
living the Valentine's they dream at
noon at a Benihana with my Elvis
I'm so excited are you gonna perform oh
my god oh my god everything it looks
amazing so good yeah they never anybody
Khanna before
I love it Kylie I forget I have what I
see on camera
these are playing this piece is
literally all my favorite
I was really thoughtful you guys really
thought about not like that was good
but one before
and he's not with his money the Taino
dummy
one day everything else out for me what
are you oh I get the Benihana trio it's
steak chicken or shrimp
really
he's never have never had anything I
just like this it is in it's kind of a
lot of other way
I'm a calamari
lab mirror or another Burma
right now II don't know I got you
I'm excited for your friends Bruno to
get picture with his friend I'm very
excited for machine-like guys they bring
on a Buddha but they have a Geisha
dreams
families dripping on me to your thing on
my rental
Wow
Wow oh my gosh
our hua lookie ways it's me and um daddy
Jason if you need to go out you can I
can destroy it
that's me this is this is Jason's
bedroom oh why they always drive like
why they join you fat you're literally
so skinny I don't get the joke I don't
get it Wow hi pants
what are those pants I've never seen
those I love those oh you do
you're really good what size are those
32 yeah that clothes on that's a great
thing oh that's oh yeah this wiper yeah
I mean these are all gold I think one is
good no no I'm gonna do three there
really because like I like the last one
with my hand like Oh your hand are you
single is this first yeah third you guys
hit him up is that first either for the
longest time Jason that's witness bright
pictures the first third it's a third
yeah
second second yeah four I say I say oh I
see so that yeah it's funny how we're
just gonna capture the happy Valentine's
Day
maybe happy happy Valentine's Day from
my dead love life years thank you I love
that oh yeah happy Valentine's Day for
my dad good that's really good
okay don't ever leave me okay
I'm gonna do hey guys we made it back
home I changed into puffy clothes and
took my hair and on not over but I like
to be comfy all right what are you doing
you deleting footage this is like fall
days Liam I just thought I just make
room for more footage I'm so busy with
all my talented friends oh did you guys
see my new bag that I got felt guilty
buying it $16,000 do you copy me hmm I
have that bag too she's got this yeah
that's gonna be awkward or we walk
around together yeah but do you look
this good
no you actually you look great you look
like a model especially those skinny
jeans those tight pants I got my tech
pants on we didn't go see 50 shades of
grey either that's what you remind me of
her now you're my own Christian Greg
because you have grave tight pants on
you take me on a helicopter ride in
Christian Grey what's his deal I mean
just yet that's the character mm-hmm
what's so great about he's like a
billionaire and he's like really and
like kinky crazy sexy has like the Red
Room of pain and he like hissed once
mm-hmm and he makes her all signs like
contracts saying he can do whatever he
wants them and they can't say no but
like he they have to like obliged all
his rules and they have to know but
girls are like turned on by it she said
I don't want to do that I don't want you
to hurt me and he's like well then you
then I don't want to be with you and
then she just okay and so then she signs
on for it and then he starts like really
hurting her and then she's I don't wanna
do this anymore I wanna be a girlfriend
he's like no we fuckin we fuck on me he
goes he goes I don't make love I just
fuck and I fuck hard that's like what he
says and no one's gone on Twitter no
Christian Grey and then he like it has
his other women and she finds about
other women in his life and then she
realized he has a mommy kink that she
looks like his mom that he liked didn't
like or whatever that was a good piece
of - mmm have you seen the second one
yet no are you sure it's not all about
sexual harassment
not sure could be but I think I think
they get married and they fall in love
and this I don't wanna oh they do that's
not her I heard they had like a baby she
gets pregnant and then another girl
comes in the picture well
listen I'll definitely go to see that
movie with you
fall asleep during it heavy gray babe I
fell asleep it every movie you do we
haven't seen a movie together yet
falsely but Hilton give me your hand
Jason Eric Nash I've loved you since I
love you are you ready for your um your
friends have been yeah okay go
I just gave like the best date of me
ever and I really love all the presents
I forgot my roses in the car and makes
me let's have fun you go get them cuz I
was like the best thing ever
alright let's see what you got okay so I
love these yeah
can I tell you why I love them they go
with your shirt cuz I was yes I was on
the website last night oh man look at
these exact ones and I was like on the
website how it's like huh they didn't
they didn't seem good for me on the
website but now that I have them in my
hand and I can see them freaking love
love you guys he ordered a pair of you
did you order one pair of tail too so
great options I like them because they
like think I've got taste I love them I
think they're cool cuz your last ones
were like flour so I thought you'd like
to be a little edgy with your slip-ons
totally I I was gonna buy something with
design on the last night and they didn't
have them so I just got poems I love
them love them
I'm so sad you order these yeah and I
thought I've all creative and clever no
I love them thank you so much these are
like these remind me of this some music
video from the 80s by ZZ Top
they had a couple a card it had like a
fire on the side it's really cool that
occur remind you of your childhood what
I'm glad I can remind you hey dude I'm
gonna put these on right now you love
coupons you know what I like the funds
cuz you have to tie the shoes because in
the morning like that assessment
okay yes the only thing on topic there's
two things in there so more advanced
they're not obvious there's another
thing in there though they're like the
dams Daniel because he was a miner and
you're a minor so I thought oh you would
like you can make a vine like damn
Daniel back at it again with the white
vans you get it it's like you're your
claim to fame
well when vine 2 comes out you've got
the white pants I thought they were
better than the way she's yep now he has
these awful white nurse shoes that he
wears and drives me nuts so I give you
options different different things maybe
for summertime we wear the white so many
vans if you keep this is kind of like a
gift that you could like share with your
kids do what you love to watch you love
to watch YouTube videos and then when
you work out you could be like me cuz
you know I always watching that I
passion but you also have kids who would
like the iPad no no I cannot accept oh
my god yes yes
Trisha this is this the iPad pro that's
like mine succession extravagance if not
that much better you have a computer so
I can't and I have a phone so I can't I
never think in like what's the word
rationalize yeah well this is like
easier to like watch things on and maybe
one day I'll get like a Bowie house and
have a look to call it and go watch it
in there that's what I do I put it on
the elliptical or when you're laying in
bed you can watch YouTube videos and
I'll have your computer on your crotch
they went to Hawaii
that's everything and the donut but we
why did you do that
mmm thank you so much awesome
I kind of think well the deceptions our
Valentine's Day and then we got in a
fight so I'm like a guy whenever I'm
gonna fight I give someone I guess I'm
like I have something for you I'm sorry
you look like Sean Penn dad dangerous
young all the time back at it again with
the checker bands maybe you start
wearing socks babe oh wow
trash shoes those look so good on ya do
you love you look so hip right now with
your skinny jeans and your tuck and
beyonds
yeah you look good you look so young
what Oh TMI guys you like your I guess
thank you you're welcome
all right Valentine's Day is over oh my
god do you like it would you get these
California doughnuts that's a thing
we I wanted to end the vlog for
Valentine's Day and I don't want to come
downstairs cause you're lazy and then
she's like no let's go downstairs
another vlog stop quick well he said
piece of chocolate how is it I had two
of these you guys he went to do the
podcast and I was kind of hungry it's I
ate two they're so good right so good
they smell so good why do you don't it
smell so good I'm a friend of mine you
just choose the minions with them oh yes
yeah it's like not anyway oh just to get
the taste I guess I could see that I'm
not gonna do that okay don't do it um
anyways this is the best Valentine's day
of my entire life it was yeah you don't
even know I don't think you would
realize how much all this meant to me it
was like it was so called Oh such a good
day we did so much we were gonna be
talking about like going out tonight
like to get drinks or something like
that which I love to do but even I was
pretty freaking tired I was like if you
want to go out or should we just like
stay and
I want her to go get that Mexican place
a we went to but didn't happen next date
night Betty Lee's have cream in them
yeah what about that one no cream now it
doesn't have cream in it well maybe by a
game called is it it looks like there's
a whole wait what no looks like the same
as all do you think that listen anyway
there's there's a good thing that I mean
that mmhmm yeah sugar goes to your
genitals size and it enhances it
really mm-hmm yeah I don't know about
that you need a lot of sugar that can
make a joke today well um I guess you
just eat some more of them it's so good
alright so guys I'm eating I'm taking a
taste of each donut okay be great for
the person that comes along I want to
don't either
every time I bring food over to Jason's
house though like it always gets eaten
not safe what is good but also like I
know they need all three they're like a
little kid it is like a frat house your
house is like a friend like I swear to
God
boy you're trying to film a video which
actually ended up being really funny we
just didn't really finish it because I
was getting a little Moody but it was so
loud I was trying to add a sec you know
those that video together I ran out of
like clips of it just to see if it would
like work and it was just so freaking
loud cuz you go over there and people
are just always filming and screaming
and yelling and like I don't know it's
just a lot and I'm like tell them to be
quiet no I know but it's their house too
if I don't really like I like being over
here my single is you have to have it
from everyone know I love being around
your friends actually love it I texted
that to Carly like oh my god I'm so
happy I have friends your friends I hope
you had fun today I like Benihana
you did that was fun oh hold on
oh there's some mail oh I read the read
the letter C you know who could this be
from I don't know
that's another bitch and gonna kill you
to my stomach oh wow
was it is it good is it a good letter
what decided yeah it didn't say anything
it decide my fat fuck no you're not I
don't get the joke Jason I don't get the
joke of the fat he's literally the
skinniest person I was looking at
pictures today of how skinny you are I'm
just like gosh you were so thinner oh my
god
do you love like fondant on top yeah
this one was funny I had one I have a
buyer that that's like really really
thick um well I'm glad you like your
present I didn't make you like don't
know we're in a helicopter today I can't
believe I either I cannot I can't really
blue the day I was like dying I was
editing some of this clip while he was
gone and like this day has been crazy
you you vacuum-packed it today you
pulled the Trish and try to I was tired
like on the way home we were driving
back from like three Laurel I was like I
was tired I was like holy cow new
respect for you really why planning
stuff is so large right so hard because
you had the added pressure of like oh is
this person gonna like this yeah hello
yeah this is person like this getting
there on time like you had to like even
when I want to talk here like how to get
the direction like that's how I feel
like okay I gotta court the car and then
I gotta figure out where to get two
tickets like you just have any a figure
where to go it's like it is a lot you
know I like doing it but I liked having
someone do it for me today and I'm
really really people on Twitter - oh my
god this is like I can't even read
comments on Twitter anymore I was like
oh my god it's like I tweeted something
like it's best found him they ever like
I've been taken out I didn't pay for
anything and then someone's like oh we
all know you secretly paid for
everything cuz I was like oh I don't
think that - isn't got money and he paid
for everything today and I was like you
did not have to do that cuz I hate when
you spend money on me because that was
someone wrote so many although you know
teachers plan this for herself and pay
for I was like cuz I'm so happy like is
this what like being treated like a real
girlfriend feels like it doesn't like
Trish we all know you planned it a new
pager for yourself I was like but this
is like Harry Potter's I said they're
just picking up on this the joke I said
was like oh my god I would think this
would be a proposal if I didn't plan it
that's what I said it's like when I make
jokes about being old and then Pete and
I do this and then someone makes the
joke that you're that's not it and then
I get upset like well I shouldn't get
upset because I need the joke first
that's my people like no matter what
because I always complain about like me
wait and I was cry about it that's what
people go to first that will always be
the thing in the cottage time even said
it cuz I notice people bigger than me
never get hate on their weight and I'm
like you know what they never talk about
it I just talk about all the fuckin time
so everyone's like Trish you're gaining
weight you fat I'm like oh you know as
we're eating Donuts that's what makes
you special thanks Pam you talk about
your weaknesses I mean that's what makes
people most most people feel better it's
because you you talk about your problems
so then the person that has the same
problem is like I like Trish huh people
can relate to you I feel like everybody
has weight palms you and skinny people
like you you are skinny and you think
you're fat I feel like everybody thinks
they're fat like you're literally the
skinniest person I've ever met and
you're always like I'm so fat so fat I'm
like you're literally so skinny
I've been trying I've been doing this
new thing and they're working out really
good as hey I eat breakfast oh yeah you
said that that way you don't get so
hungry mm-hmm yeah I am eating doughnuts
you know what I've been doing i've been
doing this new thing called hanging out
with people so i don't just sit at home
and eat chips all day and i'm helping a
lot not snacking that's good mm-hmm
because actually they do stuff with my
life and i move around and you get out
of my house you're the most thought
about what the helicopter gatecrash that
have been really scary well we would
have gone down together
trips this is a bad scene here I took a
hay but guess what we finish the vlog we
finished it is it done
how do you know it's done well I guess
it's not this is great back in for
another bite
how do you know if the vlog is done you
know when the vlog is done the vlog is
done when Daddy Jason is done with
doughnuts you could eat the whole box
another add in there somewhere
don't worry poor people I am my you know
how long as long as it's like an
hour-long block I I'm here so it's
boring you're not worrying much
we were watching ice and Coco's
talk-show together he's never seen it
before it's actually kinda like this
it's pretty good yeah we're just
watching why is ice tea good at
everything he does I know he is good how
old is he is he like 60 huh yeah well
daddy Jason so cute I'm so lucky to have
you in my life I so a.m. me too I mean
what you to like just stop it I feel
like that I feel like oh my god I don't
know what I did to deserve you know
you're busy and used to make me feel
special
he's gone back and forth to my house
what three times a day and a TV in my
bedroom and you don't go in or to your
bedroom is like being on a set there's
like a light there's a pregnancy pillow
there's a wall of us and like a mattress
this is weird like thing over there
doesn't have anything to do with YouTube
you should explain that in a video you
guys want to know why he everybody
pillow it I went in as like this giant
u-shaped pregnancy pillow and I'm like
what is this hey men can use pregnancy
pillows too hey Jenny it's not a
practical it's a body pen utopia is a
pregnancy pillow Jason you are so cute
I can't get over how cute you are
termism body pillow that's a proper term
okay body pillow pregnancy pillow
do you want to borrow it mm-hmm yeah Ali
great you sleep I can cog the pillow and
sleep down so I can breathe oh yeah
side sleeper guys you puts a barrier
between us I like to call it every time
I wake up there's always like a pillow
in between us but now I know you need a
barrier I just did it picks up my weight
it like helps it like helps I think you
guys sleep on you if you have any side
sleepers out there
we always start like cuddling and then
by the in the morning it's like pillow
is all between us and I can't get to him
and then like hey hello blocked out of
you you know I always knew how sweet you
are to me and how nice you are to me but
I never see how sexy you are I started
staying a tweet I was like you aren't
really nice and sweet and funny but I
think like you're so sexy you're like
the sexiest man alive you've gotten so
cute I don't know what it is like I've
watched you like have you seen Steve
Harvey I can't really compute that
moustache in those suits um you know
what's the problem this this video the
one we're doing right now yeah there's
no problem there problem okay every call
it's gonna be a lot of how I ate all
these doughnuts if they're your present
no I know but I just hate all these
don't you literally did it at all oh my
god they're so good okay and the video
says I've eaten it all okay this is
really bad
okay you're fine thank you for doing the
MOOC bonk we're doing a doughnut move on
that's why you did it
this is really good doughnuts I know you
never heard of California a legendary
they have like two million Instagram
followers a morons girl oh really mm-hmm
rightfully so I kind of like them better
than Krispy Kreme oh yeah yeah better
right yeah yeah means good but hey hey I
had the best day ever with you oh it was
so much fun I can't believe clear all
that stuff like I'm still in shock how I
get it that much no you did so much the
Elvis costume I was so extra I was like
I was like what that we get back huh
it was a rental don't take it back just
keep it what if he never returned it
what are they gonna do I think I can get
a better cop
around Wisconsin I initially wasn't that
impressed with it I thought it was I
thought it was you know it was good good
for good enough for the video about I
liked the way in the glasses how's my
hair part you're having out here like
Elvis we should dye it black how you do
and now let's makeover for you she wants
me to dye my hair black like no my diner
she looks like Elvis he literally looks
like I love the hair all right
look how gorgeous you are from the
profile oh he's my friend is not a Ken
doll yes you are no I'm not
Jorma Ken doll I dress you up when you
play with you and you do whatever keep
bringing these doughnuts okay I'll do it
ever you want
really that's how I get him back here I
didn't know he didn't come back and this
would have been the third time back in I
was like I don't have you seen come back
his daddy do you think it's a little
tired at night cuz I'm not gonna make it
I'm not gonna make it but you came back
for I'm to bring me these very little
daddy Jason babe
we gotta end this vlog cuz like this is
the last on a minute but you look so
good you're so beautiful
you look cool you know I don't need the
compliment back I'm just telling you how
gorgeous you are
like I don't tell you enough I feel like
I you always say you're sweet to me and
nice to me but I never tell you how like
sexy you are please don't put any of
this in the blog of you complimenting me
why cuz it's embarrassing
I'm sorry I didn't hear stuffing my face
with donuts you're telling me no
clinging to Jason all he wants to eat
doughnuts
oh my god did you see the way that guy
was eating those doughnuts I can't get
enough of this this is the buzzer kind
of Valentine's Day yeah I didn't good
uh-huh we had such a good one god we've
been going so you know Salmons up in two
days hopefully I can sleep tonight I
don't know I feel kind of wired right
now though so I don't know to sleep I
don't know if I'm gonna be able to sleep
after eating all these doughnuts oh well
tonight we're gonna sleep
and you had sharpies yet no easy in
there twice a week without me I'm like
why are you eating meals without me it's
never a relationship is never not eat
meals alone let's go out with a bang
okay no no no don't show my face so
close I mean kind of Jason you look so
good this is like I'm sure you already
hit with a sandbag today or something
pink and the other day in the vlog San
Bay
no you're just so gorgeous I feel like
this is like our honeymoon like Pam and
Tommy's like sex tape but it's that if
we're to eating Donuts Hanukkah
Valentine's Day night hey this is our
version I was like save just me filming
you mean the KBB hey TV looks so hot eat
that doughnut for me this is gonna be I
can't even imagine what people are gonna
say about this portion of the video info
below I'm so proud of you looking you're
going in but can I guess not you and I'm
not even being funny like I mean we do
eat a lot together I feel but like you
like never looks actually your body is
like still like tight like those pants
and stuff like you look doughnut 32
you're looking like a snack oh no we're
using it for real I don't know you're
like someone's videotaping me something
and someone was table someone was
vlogging me or whatever it was on
someone's blog can I get that cloud I
think I did say it and then I saw it
back and you but you like meant to say
it Syria like you're trying to be like
using an in conversation that's for real
yeah that's how I was just saying it
like I was trying to give you a
compliment I'm like trying to think
about people say I'm like you look I'm
like it's now I was like oh that's just
sounded real I'm worried
no baby Matt I'm not young oh my god
I always think about so same I just like
Jason just like when I look at has ID
I'm like oh my god I forget that one
from El told us today who told us
someone one of your friends 20 our age
difference and I was like I never think
of you like that at all
I love that mmm no I usually love like
thinking someone's way older than me but
I first some reason I always think we're
the same age because we always talk
about the same thing like Three's
Company because I would say like what
like to see me do those before both of
our time I always think that were the
same age 229 man you're cool hmm you
actually 90 look 29 you look younger
than me and let's just be real I don't
know why you like me we're going I don't
know why you're being around me I don't
know why you want to date me I'm gonna
work on being a better person for you I
decided that's it I don't have to be a
better person
you're a good person you don't have a
beating there you are myself
I just just just make yourself happy you
know don't be sad
don't think that you have so much and
don't feel like things don't go your way
because you know they do you're right
don't be sad and just you know I just
know that you're so much fun to be
around all my friends love you so much
really
hmm everybody they're all there when you
come around they get so excited
really all right guys Trish gonna be
there Trish going I saw Josh Peck and
his wife last night
uh-huh they were asking about you I love
them I always feel bad boys that gosh I
feel like I'm getting all this clout
from all your friends there's that word
again I know one thing I dated you to
getting all these like dope Klout game
the vlogs climb you're in Daviess video
you're right
hey guys twice yeah man you use two
different things of you ain't gettin up
you guys I'm in I'm in the squad this is
Mike always a question
stop it really she's doing right he is
such a hard one to read I swear
sometimes I'm like this person he needs
me and then you say this and sometimes
he's so sweet but I heard sometimes
they'll go at me sometimes um
he like goes in on me like yesterday oh
no what was it
he's totally fucking he's totally nice
but sometimes he goes in the hard core
like more than just might be I'm like oh
that's what he does
really I'm just kidding around I know
but anyways no not used to it so when
you say he likes me I always think of
him as like hating me but like low-key I
like he is just like a little kid which
I always forget like he's actually a
twenty-one and like oh my god he's just
like oh he's like a little boy it's like
so funny he's just a little boy you just
get all of it and I've turned in
everyone's mom everyone calls me Mom and
stuff I'm like what is this but you know
what I love it I feel like I do have
like kids like Brandon coming to our
dinner again I was like oh look I don't
know it's kind of cute yeah but you're
not that much older than Brandon policy
he's 23 I could be his mom and I'm at
six sure the camera anyways guys I hope
you guys have a good Valentine's Day did
you have Alan Hansen that was really
great thanks for planning everything I
mean I kind of like really really
appreciate it I'll play all the rest of
our dates of the rest of the year no you
don't have to do that now you only think
I'm glad you liked it you thought a
Mercado which you have taken me to cool
places I've ever been
why that restaurants so much I'm sure no
one knows what it is everyone's gonna go
there now tell him Jason sure sent you
so we get to be in LA right yeah would
you live in LA go to Mercado it's very
good I would love to do a lot with you
where we um we did our our best la
things Oh Nick your favorite things in
LA oh that's like God like favorite
places to eat if I'd better be
interesting to people that didn't live
it have to wash late yeah I thought
about that actually like doing like a
series or like best burgers in LA bus
mac and cheese in LA but not like I
thought about doing that one time but I
never did you know it shows I love what
I love
so like my one of my favorite things
used to be like before I had kids my
favorite time of day was a favorite time
of the week was Saturday at 6 o'clock
mm-hmm and I would watch local
you know I'm talking about just on a
night like every every town has local
shows like like so they have one in LA
it's called eye on LA and it's on it
like Saturday and it's not like 6:30 I'm
in the nude it's like it's like this
woman just like going about town like
dragging out cool things in la la like
look a lot of voiceover it's like very
light like there's nothing it's very
social walk she like you know she'd be
like she'd be like yeah la oh you know
she recently there's been a barrage of
new taco trucks should not all over the
San Fernando Valley oh my god that's our
show it would cut and then you'd be like
the guy would be like showing me like
you'd like cutting up like poblano
peppers like this is the poblano pepper
and then like you tried right kid so
maybe it's not thing anymore
those aren't local shows like every town
has them but you don't you mean huh we
can make it mainstream repeting it on
YouTube I'm fucking I do love shows like
that and they're my favorite
does you think they don't take a lot to
watch oh we should start like a channel
just for that oh that would be so good
and do like a show like I like hire like
a lady came a person like you did your
friend or my friend to film us would be
funny different cities yeah oh my god we
stop the show maybe we wouldn't be able
to do it like that they do it so well
whoo did you think that out here and
just do it like and see what how to do
all right where's your emerged wish yeah
sure I don't
I'll get you one this is your daddy's
merch it's really good
my favorite wish I get to I US and get
my merch this was such a good picture of
us let me focus it on the picture you
guys look skinny okay I think I know why
I look so skinny it will just always
look skinny okay here's here's a life
hack I think half my body was hidden
behind Jason's body because I'm like why
do I look like so tiny in that picture I
think here let me show you here let's do
the like and reality
I know I don't understand and I don't
Photoshop obviously this is how you do
it watch here make sure you have a post
say I have a black jacket on - which
helps me looks good we look very seedy
in that you're seeing a black so it's
under armor chair pose like this you see
guys like it kind of a little like wider
right here oh yeah you see so I'm
sucking in like corrida yeah I started
sucking anyway we didn't do it again
me too so this is a skinny couple Oh
real great I lost 20 pounds with no diet
or exercise if I came to the side video
you take people through all the little
tchotchkes in your how could you imagine
that's not entertaining for anybody but
you know I test me it is entertaining
because Oh Joe not your Christmas
present you got me what okay well we're
gonna bring your feast your eyes on the
shelf on the Trotsky self this was the
first food president Jason ever bought
me like that was so thoughtful - that
was so powerful
Thanks you're a thoughtful person you
gotta come back I know but like who also
think of that nobody trusts me it's so
nice Jason so palpable here does nobody
why cuz you're just like all over the
place smell of it yeah I think we should
play another picture on okay well exam
see what created the church song that
you sing to me every day
no was great rochonc me create one and
Samuel and John glasses on is she so hmm
she's so wonderful
she's so great she's my true
is don't bother with the hey oh this is
perfect
she's okay okay and my Trish it's always
got something to say Trish gonna be your
man they go like The Bachelor I accept
this rose I say it's like The Bachelor
only regulating too old to be on The
Bachelor so mine all the girls are like
21 on that show we need some air miles
away can't do that for real like a real
moment like wake up this rose be right
say Trish and then we can okay
this is that really really hard yeah
Angela we had a great time in Cabo Trish
you met my parents it's never an easy
decision you're both great people Trisha
we accept this rose my title will be for
eating something it should be something
like surprise my mom had a like her
Jason ate a box of doughnuts that's
great with me
it's a few shove a note in your mouth
guys this is Valentine's Day 2018 once
the books babe yeah and if you didn't
have a good Valentine's Day I just want
to say you know it's fine I tell her now
so don't find your happiness and other
people hmm
figure it out accurate and I've had good
days with people and without people and
I'm really tired listening so I'll make
another speech a different kid okay good
night good night oh are you leaving me
to be like bye I gotta go yeah go I
gotta go to bed okay
we're on a helicopter today I'm gonna
okay see you later
you're gonna wrap this up mm-hmm this is
it bye guys wrap it up well I gotta go
with him cuz he's my man so good night
wrap it up LLC boys turn the camera off
Trisha we should walk we should walk in
the morning when Jason's really crunk
with you I was gonna vlog in the morning
and Jason's open zombie in the morning
all right guys good morning really the
best time to vlog you're just like so
okay you get a good night's sleep and
you're like groggy like I think the best
time their blogs in your - raw because
it obviously all kinds of weird things
look I'm warning your teen and I'm
mourning her Gina's Larry Jason trying
to get out of the house and give him
coffee right before you leave and they
say bye I might buy yeah that's the
morning routine okay okay we're worried
about that guys
