on e8e anything wrong or gonna hide any
ones in here than right here to get you
I'm going to eat even water food right
now because people don't say I don't
even know people have been calling me
the new Yugi to me they're like why
doesn't trust me why is she so like
skinny like Trish never eat enough food
so I'm gonna eat some more food because
people are really concerned that I'm not
eating enough no um
you always eat I am so sorry I don't
know what's wrong with me that I eat
sorry
so enjoy the freak show of me eating
because I'm eater I'm going to eat this
food I'm starving so here we
will say like sure she all the
time was it I'm starving I also got
macaroons from a sweet st. boy see I saw
Instagram you guys know about this
morning so he isn't even blowing oh I
brought my phone we went to grow when I
totally brought my phone I was like
but took the pictures and hit them it is
ring
yeah okay cool so good I need to
find my vlogging camera because I want
to long this I want to blog at this and
I want to vlog this hot mess
how did you were miss a friend I'm
naughty too and it goes a little mood
say where we are eating I'm going to
pause books in my favorite thing ever
you look so pretty thank you
it's a little hot mess but I appreciate
that little summary blogging camera hold
one second spoon is coming in the
cabinet
I hope you real quick guys will you
still be here if anyone comes in the
chat tell them to just peeing food will
be here in ten minutes to the snap I'm
going to pee I'll be done in like one
and a half minute in 90 seconds from the
time I leave um repeats we will be here
in ten we're going to vlog we're to have
a chat I have nothing to do so I'm all
yours for the day
I'm here everyone still here I'm back
welcome back hi everybody nations back
I'm back sorry this is for watching this
on replay back sorry I went on a
thousand people in here just like
watching my kitchen I hope you enjoyed
this kitchen we're going to drink it
cool like hot so I am loving lately I
mean not even a strolling way but in a
genuine genuine like people get really
upset if you're some food I can do and
secondly I guess buddy and me because to
me I get to be even less but I guess
mean under the out first time um
everyone was like internship going on
the terminal like you came and we're off
a box of pop cards it's like well
obviously I do I mean I don't I fit my
pants the same when I you know so
obviously it burns off something or I
know my metabolism stop so I just it
must work great me today glad if you
think you Justin and thank you Justin
for being so sweet you I actually have
them in a good mood I did about the
depression
um but I kind of really fun morning I'm
gonna edit the vlog um but I went with
the second one always asked about nation
as means so actually sweet and cool like
we loved and forth about like you know
the whole shtick or everything actually
feels pretty cool a terrifically I'll
say all of those nice people and there's
like world I mean I don't like what our
the blogs but it was really sweet and
nice and treated people while which I
feel like when you go out with someone
like publicly you can kind of see how
they treat people and I love that he
treated people nicely and I'm not like a
leg or Davey you know I mean but just
like I just I like that as in a friend
in a person like just people being nice
to people not that other people aren't
any people what's the link about people
and they can be kind of um maybe cold
now I want to get to super friendly
people are warm and clean what do you
need any P sub cost them so if me eating
offends you or the amounts would I eat
those a leveling off the earrings over
you
are you see and yeah we're quite at that
stage but I lied to him alive he was
super sweet time exercise radiation
response I'd like to find the Iowa crepe
it had his hair now for since Friday I
need to get some new hairstyle upon her
huh because though they see deep into
the thousand bars it's a food is the
right answer based off of the right of a
does not leave also thriving see sorry
that was grossing or I feel like my lips
good kind of closeness a pretty typical
of their host missing photography to
ascertain it took time
I'm sorry in the comments it's so it's
so weird it's the interesting thing to
be out like I don't want to describe it
I just like weird to be out with another
like youtuber I guess that I don't know
because listen people I in friends about
our youtubers our people our friends for
years now so sleek and see where she
have really shown us together for sounds
like weird like I know you meet a new
youtuber I guess it does what I do and
like I don't know it was cool it was fun
I had a good time I'm glad went out he
was one who stood me up and we addressed
this in my blog that's just been yes I
could we could go before asking I like
what's what I prefer stood me up
oh goody and he's a baddie too so we
have to pretend which we can talk to we
times of her chair they conduct warm
clothes importance not many videos
review at the skid foot you know I
forget mother dad like I if you're busy
and even like SES that like go do it
I that's why I actually never really
dated desk the ones I have dated and I'm
talking like seriously dated like are
like my seat dad but I don't want
specific Oh McKinney food with fine I'm
I like I like to subscribe like about
the cancer but I do I do like to date
either as I feel like to see all your
hands mutinous to see if I know like I
wish I would have worked when she from
um my parents growing up not to say
we're bad parents but you know me I
don't know I rather slaying things yeah
I did my makeup I look cuter this
morning in closet grow up with flooding
I'm a little slow tired did you oh my
god sake clearly yes I am yeah early
she's an early person roll up early what
is greatness to a classic I got the
whole day I wasn't even mom but my mom's
not feeling good you guys session on
here maybe aspects terms good mom John
you know I know she's a little bit but
she was like she was by I talked to her
and face by IV just you know she's get
worried about my mother or she should
she has his tingles in the side of her
body which was not good I feel like
maybe she would I got she's on to Urgent
Care help me sure that cardiologist
especially left the apartment the radio
doctor than me I guess recommend her
with the call
you can overhear I know I broke my hair
since Friday but I have Gray's in it so
I feel like it's time all over the place
and it's not as like nice to me I come
back quarters oh my god no but it is a
weed I mean some people have like so
unlike weaves or wigs like maybe their
head like literally don't wash your hair
for a long time right I'm sorry man I
don't wash I mean I've brushed it
obviously ain't no fun gross actually I
don't know whatever I I don't really
think of it cause like when you're blond
you please share in extensions like you
really just get used to not watching
your hair which it gets lumpy find girls
and way home um mr. Ali with on your end
to story with hot girl which one
yeah so I'm like having something hot
boys lately oh god James a super hat I
love James uh using a fried milk he's a
really dear friend like you someone
that's not a romantic person but for me
he's dry and if any of you girls want to
Cragg Adam I think he's single he's
always around hot people you know ask a
question her all the time anyways yeah
like literally my hair colors like since
she's gorgeous and everything and she's
like I wash my hair like probably ones
that really I felt like once a week so I
just start feeling like it's gross and I
do have to wash my hair but I'm probably
not gonna watch the action till Thursday
Wednesday today she's right and why
we're celebrating dude birthday on
Wednesday so I'm kind of watching a
Thursday kiss win games been with this
really cool style I just up do sort of
thing I'm doing I'm doing a book I'm
doing a cosplay on Wednesday I just wish
you probably guessed like you can't
guess like it's not only my Khaleesi but
it's like in that same realm I didn't
really talk about it because I'm really
excited because it's like I don't wanna
give away but I'm really excited so yeah
happy birthday juju is queen drew is
literally look one of the coolest people
i know i mean oh so sincere ever since
1822 day and you're not so sincerely
like he is just cool she's just not you
see just sweet he's genuine
I saw too much my workout to wash my
hair he put too much to not watch there
to watch I know that's probably working
out I don't work out what I have like my
long extensions in icon
and then clip them back in but like if I
have these tensions in my hair where I
can like wash the extensions which means
I have to wash post me oh you guys are
kinda it looks pretty similar bacteria
hey sorry y'all pizza and pasta
I love getting big-ass pieces because I
can like warm it up
that looks so freakin bomb you guys mmm
this is so good like warmed up to we're
gonna have to have one now mmm
probably I don't eat or eat I don't eat
enough food don't I need one mmm one Wow
very hard head there's no good here mmm
five thousand bar dance hmm Thank You
Haley so if I have mark oh yeah
Dianna ain't about one making wrap up a
thousand bars Thank You Stephanie for
this I'm gonna get Barbara for eating
whoa Abby receive the thousand bars hmm
install them manager I missed em why
profile pizza is so good you guys like
oh I can't even what's it right now it's
just she's some ass whipped topping
juice magnitude like this in real life
in this movie theater once we pull about
oh remain with your things mm buyers
house the nicest place it's crab called
amici's sorry Ally my stylist is not you
so load Buc my hair stretch isn't I
guess not everyone has to hold left foot
well there's my baby I'm comin home last
year cuz we'll ask the girl that was hot
the future wasn't it beep hi miss Q
welcome while we have 1400 people in
here boom sit hit a little crowd for
lunch
I guess the nearing dinnertime some
places respond clean we chose so well I
don't wanna talk to you if you don't cry
out hot sugar this is the best piece of
warmer episodes so Webb do is run on
monotonous but this isn't just a
different taste
Thank You koreahas all the bars get me
happy
domina love your green peppers and
onions but I like twenties Carlo love
you
well thank you - Carla yeah crazy it
from you is the opposite I really don't
I really happen just being myself lately
can i flirt in the drama I'm wearing on
choose a key back freezing the deck has
Reilly all looser color I'm on your lips
mmm no hotter a little weird slow wait
yeah we're your parents at research
metrics right now
migrating to this day don't say anything
they've never said anything I don't know
who my real life like nice friends like
shame like I'd like to annoy no Michael
champion I wasn't fighting since on you
two were all my runs are just amazing
like I'm Way too normal
I got popped wrist mapping yeah my
parents never planning a holiday to ever
honestly at you the same time it's just
like the loudness or chalk of a novel
thinner what I honestly think you will
watch my show is just to be like suppose
this case you know why I eat and how
much I eat I don't eat more I'm like
McCann was indeed mark the trigger
finger 9 + j i8 like the temporal logic
as New Year's and people like freaked
out I go mad at me so much in this paint
alright anymore Matt favorite bang at
the moment um my Chanel my Chanel I
would even Pope V sub lat I don't even
bought them totally talk for me I love
you doing that so oh my goodness so I
got Papa so I mean macaroons
thank you for the life C D G I learned
so much in your funny the private
message from G sweat 50 foot I love you
in your video she also says oh geez look
I gotta sign for book deal
congratulations Abby was just about so
much that he actually I don't remember
film this one girl on Twitter in
particular gives you a lot of hate okay
guys it helped you know I go his first
at people hating on me it's like some
days I get to me more than others and
what I'm gonna do I mean people are
gonna simple seeing a lot but there's
literally nothing I can do look like me
at all
I can't what I mean I don't think like
endl some people I guess is something
just a talk with the doctor about what I
don't we go with the end goal if they
want me to kill myself
or they just want me to leave you to
like I don't understand you know it's
okay stomach here once you know are you
wanted a vacation around my day with
Jason is the blog becoming if you can
have a blog actually I blogged a little
bit he's lost more he's a longer you
know how to while mom a blogger mmm I
love possibly make more videos with the
deal ever
I don't we save a food but definitely
like hungry I I crave a pasta I almost
have to express you might have beat that
tomorrow along to Monica left in the
period so we celebrate with
one last bang whistle noise just brush
up in here I don't only have a toys I
don't know blow it mmm your Bahamas wait
something about team can to bring us to
solder sold I fully mess it was so bad
you not to wreck that okay so everyone
not one you know but looking a lot of
comments with a light bow so long as I
think I might be confused and I'm
totally fine with explaining it they
think that maybe they're competing it
was like getting your stomach stapled or
something or gastric bypass like edge if
I got my stomach strong and I'm with
stretching me out of that or if you guys
like you guys hold weight loss surgeries
lessons on weight loss and fat transfer
our home is to just mural
yeah what oh my god I got a text from
this person
thank you how thousand bars um you have
to run well c'mon man I got some
questions just like Jamie adapts to send
a payment to you hello people aren't so
gross it's like Ana it's not that as
what's your thing there's one what we
buy all you money I pay you but this is
like the way it came for the lady text
that was like so gross um anyway a happy
boy like know what don't being Oreos or
everyone from a kind of annoying why
don't you want money well he did work on
me with some claim turnouts like you
always know if she didn't work on one
with something sink you can prefer the
hunger bars but I paid him for an
upfront job plus he wants like royalties
it's a little gross to me but anyways oh
but you're like oh so I got a transfer
and if that bet involves liposuction
what lipo doesn't make you lose weight
it doesn't shrink your stomach I've
always had as I weigh the same as I did
before I lipo it reshapes my your body
and the where your crap goes Thank You
success bar so my waist has not that
many bigger and I know this for a fact
because I had a really tight format
fitting dress right after my liposuction
or my fat transfer when I want to call
dull pain and weight Oh
again Rosen the out boys would come at
me hmm
I can't wait to be mm-hmm couple more
months I'm on my way to something bigger
and better but anyways it reshapes your
volume make you beef and love bars like
but that is my butt so when I gain fat
it goes to my butt I also just the way
my waist is is just a different shape
granite if you
you if you I mean you can it up I
guess and so to speak but like my
stomach is still flat it wasn't flat as
it was when the leg but a people I
people maybe are complete about that too
because it goes up and down a lot like
it's trenches 12 churches 12 and I was
wearing that and Garten then girls it
for 24 hours a day where dollars on ones
don't concern by it but libel is not a
weight lesson
it just reshape your body if you look at
the Kardashians or anyone that gets fat
faster super hips with a but making
those phone homework 5 min device I just
reshape them you know what I mean
and granted they work out and eat really
good so I mean I know they really you
know they really want that
transformation mine is still very
different my body my stomach everything
the way it takes food and just insanity
whatever you want when I actually only
eat on camera lately like when I do be
feeding shows when I go work out work
three hours thank you Miss on the borrow
some alright
but lately I have meeting a lot more I
will do your job but it would deserve it
show that I want to find like I so much
he is he's kind of a by the way I
emailed the statue which also kind of
looking out for the email him back when
the money came through at the KB's what
we made it was nothing near where I pay
him for originally but he still want top
of it like you would even make what I
paid you I haven't even made back what I
paid you like I didn't recoup that you
know remain like so you wanted upfront
fee and tickets left either you put your
time upfront and you do a 50/50 split
I'm not gonna argue like I said I'm
going to send a moot check with so
people the way people come at you people
wonder why I don't have any friends like
people just want money money money or do
you need to get money money money so
it's such a weird thing to me my cup is
actually addresses from misguided would
eat down the size of these offices that
I H money for Kiko before them we have
an ice cream at lunch today but I was
really craving it as if you know what
you just have some of this so yeah
did you just eat those chickens those
chickens where the chicken fingers I was
going with Friday I can't give any hint
to were dating a couple months but you
guys will know at the end of x1 I don't
know Kristen thank you would you write
like again yeah I think you know I know
people who live in done like a dozen
times in the network load of course of
two years and they're they eat right
inside like that but they just keep
bidding adventure just shakes you
differently each time so I'm not for a
while though we do this website I don't
know yeah
what do why I'm hoping this year goes
better for me fourth of July is always I
know I never gonna be where I would get
really obsessed you should travel I am
going to be traveling that is part of
the surprise
that's I did have a Rekluse some time in
my home cuz I am gonna be traveling a
lot I - unworthy I want to the tour is
is happening does not subscribe though
that happening after the surprise c'est
Vachon Broadway Hamilton
watch the prototypes once then Oh does
it I'm so sleepy she Andrew Wednesday
Thank You Raven front of thousand bars I
may be new to class and she loved it so
much she asked you a I've actually lost
weight since then like so even though
it's not a weight loss surgeries um I
was like 200 before I went to the dyno
when I had just eaten a lot of food was
180 I went back again I'm going to
follow up and I think I like 170 to cook
crazy oh wait oh my ass crazy so I
actually have boxes to me I don't know
people I try I definitely not take part
when people say you know I mean I I do
what I do and I know what I do I know
what to eat and what I worked out in
army when is it alright thank you my man
I take some pills over it back up
oh yes this is the word get a little
bigger things people just are so lucky
like oh it's a treasure is my office
before I don't work with it anymore
no imminent couple out you know say what
you will about Sean he never once asked
me for money or a cut of the videos or
and he just never did you know we did
playground I don't know if you ever
talked want to try to thank you Charlie
for that work he never mentioned all and
good this week he paid for the entire
playground video I don't know he's ever
talked with any safe retired high
reproduction um he's like to only one so
like if I say what you will about I
don't think he's the best for remember
but oh he's done we're asking for money
the sewage thing and I guess we should
clear this up - I said I can haven't
really I think he was it was like right
after I made that his initial videos and
I think he was just really like scared I
wanted it to all end because he never
went through with a little also and the
letter was from like a publicist or
something
so he kind of just dropped it after that
but I guess I was doing things but he
never never asked for money or anything
you know what I mean what like I said I
respect actually a lot more than
anything because want money and lay in
line so the past things you can read
that the penthouse and know I was issued
a temporary credit and it got there like
nope and they they presented the bar tab
and set up these two that was stuff I'm
talking where you may be like small
claims or something
Gaddafi else was in here with Justin
come you to get on the scale so this
year wait because from talking to a
chunky you don't look that's gonna be
there and it's truly rude even if you
are 90 pounds somebody rude
you're going to ask a people just never
gonna share everything we're gonna
follow up with everything I cannot my
lifeless doesn't mean I like some
people's ability to share every
be in the world is supposed to do apples
so hmm
say did he bring clothes or not China
not know hi Trisha home that's real
class do not try and do what I do I just
asked me people I just can't I can't
with people how do you know today I want
to say something snarky back to the
person
okay I'm but because you know I look
dude
I thank you I don't even root what I can
you do and I want you a more money from
a frog about being a one II really think
I'm in like millions dozen rolling in
the dough
I'm putting pasta on please don't eat it
hmm Thank You listeners house of ours
that actually sounds pretty good doing a
lot I'm kind of hard to eat all right
guys last my own Bowl thank you for the
applause though the epilogue there was
progress and like to bowl little ideas
memories left I probably enjoyed them
later huh woo none so so good today and
happy memories I wouldn't use higher up
you get it off my chest reply that's a
little bit gross is a gross gross gross
Thank You Gigi for the 505 choosing you
felt like stored you're done gap you
guys knew what I'm talking about I feel
like he would double a good yeah how are
the nails in let's not I still hate the
nails but I'm like so lazy to
get them redone I look crazy oh there's
a punch to the face
um let's start good I want them a little
more injustice but the I did what is you
birthday today but we're celebrating on
Wednesday thank you rainbow for the
thousand bars
what is producer
well I'd be Bach is blazing Madeline
they look so pretty and all you want to
eat them shy blogs and first let me blog
these first so they're so pretty
yes
look expert give me my tablet lqz
macaroons are back along the route
I got me Miami macaroons I'm going to
eat one for it on the live shows have
some lunch with you guys
therapy you know when you know people
can see we have some 200 people in here
10 bucks people up in your total as you
can see up there yourself
yeah hi everyone say hi your name hi I'm
well doing I love eating with you guys
okay like an opening I just had to show
these these were just so frickin pretty
quick shaky first you guys so I like
what live I suggestions on reason see
first I feel like you guys knows when I
want to eat for it let me know what you
would you look so fat so you just think
you okay I love all my homra positive
fans and supporters our success will
Saturday it's okay see what they tell me
to eat pink on the top left
mmm sparkly one top left the
heart-shaped one I actually do want to
eat the heart phase one the one on the
top left us let's go to spar claim I'm
just going by so fast
someone said a DGC Shana is starting to
put the wops keys on his cuffs now well
I didn't see Idol Falls what my mom did
tell me I love it I'm like doing a
double on the flop and he got like two
cameras but my mom is having juice of
all the one with when he falls so did
you see he had I was mom I got my cup of
ice like happy I'm going on with us cuz
I'm glad Musa said I love this is like a
dual camera and we're talking a lot of
real quickly you know y'all you know see
you too so we just sat back this is so
weird no like blog and wife um it's like
it's QVC we've got a lot of guys
watching this live show it'll be up on
this channel
um that's fine then I was actually
really really excited she seems like
really really like actually released me
in 96 time and I was like oh my god um I
have so much fun with him actually which
is here done we're gonna meet I wasn't a
good move but then someone texted me if
you want all that drama guys I'll watch
his live show which will be over when
time you see this but also becomes a
channel I love it anyways okay I'm going
to eat and I know some still money when
till I had to vlog and you know there's
not an artistic someone is like I these
are so beautiful yeah the vlogging and a
happy you now it separates a heart barn
has a lotus were like ah and smolder
with them have entire top left eyes over
with Amy that was like mmm whoa
that woman really is your dream
thank you to mark and thousand bar then
I want you tighter one more sweet mm-hmm
that listen I don't want all the enough
room that's the good keep a blog I'll
give you guys some one-on-one time not
dry finish as well one time oh this is
so funny I just have so much to say I
should have first on the side of us okay
I squeal in your day up get somebody
this tender guy who returned it was me
all weekend respect me again he's hot
from the Indians I don't don't do it you
know what I mean let me not like
watching the safe room before every food
would you get these entities with the
growth or show them a little bit of a
spiciness
all of the flavor is and does not
raspberry there really to them
well I'm so full hmm
satisfied dad I'll just uh so coffee a
thing yeah Thank You Reggie
everyone sent pizza we've have you ever
smoked I have um smoked everything
what blogs can be used I use a canon g7x
which kind of stuff that focusing on
this camera significant new cameras
loggers are using I'm glad we I think
your boss thank you hmm
or think it's like so Appa someone tells
me you see and I'm telling me to stop
eating funny weapons once all in years
old me like that and face them nothing
honest love an honest friend
um when everyone thinks I can't read
sorry
hello from Hollywood England Oh
Hollywood want us everything let's call
callie callie's actually working i did
call my mom and my mom's on here is from
Sam what do use on your brows this is
like a nigga's contour okay it's like
not even for your brow
where's your necklaces from the issuer
actually well birthday prices all these
were so I know this is the Tiffany's
this my son in your engineer had it
custom-made and I don't know where this
is from
Thank You Carolyn 4,000 lire there's
remorse khal drogo might be coming back
I would die with my daddy's new Mac
Daddy testing can i get a shout
out named Heather Heather
I hit my service how long will it hurt
it mean come off route I roll thing
hasta mañana fellas like rude how do
you not know I heard you're probably
gonna like I mean I'm not going to be a
good deed over nothing like one of the
things that like I want each of you to
know I want to say that maybe the coli
was any better like musical sound like
yeah like a shot on me like I would do
your video but article somebody I don't
know why it's funny there's me sorry I
should we knows he even took a thousand
lies thank you mom
so fun oh my god I literally have
shivering out was my life is it all came
out up so I was wondering education that
times you yet look at my strand girl
never thought of getting fat I love
James's dog though but like I couldn't
care but I actually do like to be around
them is or not like being around them
and actually doing on those better shows
everything them well basically chef has
a 50 player coop read your hair today
and I always hangar which other she's
amazing
if you help me to learn love myself and
body think you'll be a confidence for a
while minute oh let's see Hannah thank
you
and you get no spent I hope it'll wait
and try them to fill fire I love crazy
all I'm just get the ass of cannabis I
actually have my medical marijuana card
and I actually use it for that purpose
only I don't necessarily like me be a
high all the way just to get high like I
can have forever by vaccines and that
helps me over my pain pills and Lybia
lips nomeland
I think you having around I gave a
little updating of this um she's she's
good she's still sick i facetimed with
her today and she's not feeling well and
she's still tolling and stuff scares me
because I don't want it to be a heart
condition like grandpa died when he was
like 63 from a heart attack and I could
get worried because I'm not no heart
behind them around our family
Palmer what you have plans month later
is there something special you know
about it doesn't know exactly what is my
big thing at the end of next month
so it's doing like literally probably a
month from today you guys will know and
it's frayed Bay as a pretty baby oh I'm
not gonna lie like no other youtuber has
had this announcement like it's a big
deal
did you sell it over that's the first
I've on so many vacations here
absolutely
ah say hi grab and hang on yeah hi Cena
thank you for the thousand bars on E
hi Susie I see how you can you boost
your healthy I have a really great girl
I've been using like what my jacket
orders oil after I get off here I got a
text feedback that's the Apple back and
then also do the oil and have to real
joy Co restorative actually I have the
tab hold up I just look real quick oh
it's called the Cape a sort of silent
oil but Joe could you hear that falta
luxray Islamic every single day and then
right before I shampoo I use that fill
up the oil with your cell phone gloves
before um what workouts you just the gym
um I'm like a what well it's a cool kind
of girl
I don't know wider that made so hard
excrete this you see Sean snapshots
showing the gift you got it I do not see
them my mom kind of told me about it she
said he was being nice I guess it's good
I don't know why he show him I really
don't like a snap but they were hurting
too much because he oh I missed them so
I didn't want to watch I do think areas
but you know are not knowing but I kind
of heard I he was showing that's my
bottom which I don't know I don't know
one movie just really life is that wide
adapted based he hasn't tested meal the
horse heart pace is so good was so bomb
why would you do that with this looks
different today we're going at that face
today's it up line your baked your
steaks
we're here she's funky Italian made it
for me
she's a fellow youtuber how did you get
to here not being so bratty Thank You
Ruthie for the thousand bars I just had
to reach it out or she put bleach over
the hair that was already there just to
make it like that platinum her state as
well a date a well I have like cuts on
my feet from those shoes last week how
many those injections you get to reshape
shape um I absolutely have one lip
injection session so far in one dissolve
session so I got to go back and get like
a little more even at work Jason - I
think I can see the date on his channel
he's resistance one reason I actually
met some laughing row today who was like
you look really skinny surprised I made
my life always a should you'll come
online when you my Friday when you are
40 sounds like I don't know girl like
Thank You Tasha says that sound bar I
don't know I tried to live the one is
hot which was it looks lower there
you're not gonna get married yeah
yoshino rose I did she's so sweet and
your CJD any work yeah I talked to I
don't see her eyes what she's always
shot ones but I would like to crop with
her again do you hate me absolutely not
okay yeah hi Brooklyn hyper Claire do a
person base I don't want a Birkin bag
don't I don't want them I was it one
them aaron has spots hashtags yes uh-huh
oh is you make a cake oh my god I would
smell victory thank you send up as a
thousand
what's totally send us in a thousand one
hundred egg one good good day I some
should I take care advertise like
avoiding and procrastinating but I have
I have a one-to-one than how cube is
really just doing a shake
yeah I did a help us to go I guess Rome
if you ever dye your hair another color
um no I love being one I love it
how's your mom's two doing they're good
what are you doing later yeah I love my
neighbor so pop into reading all these
facts what everyone's hammer diameter
but friend half-machine how you feeling
I got one there's some collagen say fry
right now what would you do um accepted
apologize well I feel like I've
apologized on camera but like a while
did why I mean I definitely wasn't an
angel on a saint through the whole thing
throughout yells it through our
relationships through everything you
know I feel bad for a 50 fashion without
the bars I feel um and your lab about
how just the wait a minute not just on
his side on my side too and I think you
know just fine you know it is what it is
no I know I don't hate him I couldn't
ever hate someone that went that much in
my life you know that top thank you
you remember to write me any ICL
absolutely part I was really her I don't
have ever been so very much pain when it
all happens I think I was on defect for
so long like nothing people are people I
was really hurt I want to get really
insecure and that like I just had some
fun as that person in your not well I
don't know what I can I don't want to go
to detail that if I just don't like
Jonah thank you so much for the
sacrifice haha anything about this
weather top don't flooding have you ever
been with Cal sexually um at the
beginning if you didn't meet kind of off
match we knew each other for mutual
friends what we kind of more so like
make it on match who won't want Isis you
make up like a that's melting off you
guys it's high here but well thank you
thanks for eating lunch with me when did
you find out you're cool I never thought
I was so I didn't need to find out kind
of knew before I miss lunch you didn't
have lunch pretty mucky but thank you
Brian the precise works but this will be
a replay on my channel and everyone can
doesn't make sure it's from this guy but
it's not a shirt I'll show you guys it's
like a dress oh hey feeling with adult
thing it is not thank you for it the 500
with that um what she Kirsten wise some
told me to watch American Horror Story
with like our financial coaching reasons
I did hated BMA I feel like most people
but oh good show
and it points to the forest now do you
post my every date lately I have been
brace where I usually go Thank You LEC
for the time in the buzz adulting is
hard oh I feel you did you murder
charge I don't dance anymore so then for
sure everyone was that I should huh I
love you so much
there's wanna say bye how say bye to you
before I go I just have to deal with
that awful text message
Thank You PFF as a virus that's the
adulting part don't like and also the
part of being my own boss and work it's
like a hobby people have no class to
attack now what is the word in that
class attacked know what is that word
Thank You Audrey 50 bars um where you
can do something no I can't think
professionalism kind of no I'm like
now the piano diplomacy is that I heard
you know a lot of late above all always
upset by the star proper etiquette
empathy etiquette maybe maybe editor
respect no anyway is not a big deal but
by justify fallacy bias it means the
food is gone I ate the food with my
belly so we have to watch it on replay
by deface did you venison exclusively
makers are my engineer Jaime actually
have this make my birthday so yeah he
worked on the phone with use it's a
single and that's performing if at night
so you have any cool how about my
Christine off of that pharmacy we love
you buyers I'm gonna have the best shot
I was in the mood a so I'll talk to you
soon and I'm gonna stick you one I'm hot
broadcaster very exciting
good night bye Jesse bye kitty thank you
for the founder buyer the only cous cous
good word I don't think I was arrested
Osiris worse haha and thank you guys
member bowtie guy doesn't play this
video to me a realistic video a lot
recent drama i he was very sweet and
even asked if you post it even though I
was like totally all in my favor and so
sweet and nice and in defense of me he
still asked I thought that was so cool
does send us on our seismic Snider's
when I respect Peter
Ron's too negative I respect them some
life every just nice I feel like
something wrong like you kissed judges
epic no that's healthy nice be nice is
be nice not hope to be asked like soon
get so used to being rude and bitchy
does like your my talent I can't rap
singer accident oh so people should be
man eyes more what was that laughs so
anyways alright guys enjoyed I can you
enjoy your rescue tailor out loud yawn
later I'm scheduled with some
mumbles I deal with some
you can also does annoy me so much dude
I love you guys I see you doing and uh
when you posted this on your Twitter you
can type in like um this will be on my
youtube right within an hour maybe less
I said show on a guy reckons back for a
second yeah a probable life is so
exciting
a d-flat version doesn't life thank you
without the city
7,000 thank you so much oh do your sign
up okay here my kiss is a little fuzzy
squishy hi guys I me on Instagram
Twitter I'll be on there
