so I can defeat the whole thing yes and
we got I'm dying
so um take a sharp knife and just kind
of go under here just cannot lift it off
the board Oh bye pick it up all right
that's actually please do that now
actually you tonight I don't have a shot
I have like a brightening earth one what
is clear is if a cleaver got it okay all
right this is so girl in this as well
like this is like your first thing ever
are some people second so don't look at
that oh right Oh after you say and they
go oh sweet serenity just you know blood
on our red velvet cake it smell
delicious no it's all good this is so
holy ways this is a red velvet cake what
is on there and then you just mixed some
like piping gel enticing gel a little
bit of vodka and some red gel paste this
is so cool
we met on Instagram y'all and now we
were doing I was doing all my cakes I
was are my birthday from last year she's
it's amazing I can anything anything you
want to give it a cake I'm like I want
to think okay I want a heart okay she
does a laptop games like all the cool
cakes
I got her covered yeah no she is amazing
and to supervisees a good one caves down
like reserved way and I'm an associate a
busy girl but this is everything I can't
wait to eat it and taste it you guys
will see on my main channel video I'm
going to be doing and we're eating this
heart this is the aftermath of my eating
show and this is also the aftermath that
you do show this could be definitely
movable
I know you guys are creative out there
mean this I don't know what's it mean
for this um
when your girlfriend on your period but
that pussy's that good hmm well since I
know let me show you guys I love this
I'm not going to wear this all day this
was such a fun video somebody wins best
video ever I love my life anyways these
are my feet from yesterday remember
those sandals with glitter sandals this
is the aftermath of those which is
liable with them they're so fuckin
uncomfortable but they're really really
cute so wear them for short about the
time six set up one rings bond was
present as long if your theme and also
you know II just want to hide my now
Friday night we're chilling on us on you
now bring huh very exciting we're making
noodles on you now you will be verbal
hostess a fairy I wears an inception
because my shows on the vlog channel
block will be on the whole channel we're
making noodle little blob channel I'm
really it like thirsty what kind of
drink we're making sugar Oh
if you doodle are are disease
so noodles are humongous video-list-item
until the log count
once that okay guys if you guys wanna
see the rest of your stuff you want to
see their customers live show how the
stream also join us on you know it's
really fun but these are so they asked
tortellini shells want to eat tonight
and some terminal dragon babies a mother
never leave two babies so if you guys
want to see the rest of you know check
it out
badge NASA turn up whoo I just cried for
the first 40 minutes oh that's hot Zoey
his eyes Lana hi so you want hiking
today I think two things when I would
never go hiking and I never come around
dogs and I want brown both come James
right here is my motivator did it he's
better than this oh I was trying to
avoid him yesterday's I came to go for a
hike and I avoid them and then today he
got me as a guy sorry I missed your high
context excuse I know but when I came to
get you what did you say you're like all
kind of hoping your text like yeah yeah
I kind of want to sleep today motivated
me you want to give me look about but
that's crazy you're like ripped a ass
then we have a dog over here but she
just man that you want to be on YouTube
hey hey Jackie
literally I love this dog because he's
so chill like he doesn't ever come up to
me which is awesome and it and he's not
legal heads
look at that be so 100ft and I'm
obsessed ah socio it's Daniel dog not me
oh there's ochio just daddy and doggy
just chillin Sookie oh we meet at the
top but I have to vlog this poor thing
we came all that way Paul I'm gonna take
this James 35 40 minutes of that we stop
twice for like two seconds but then
thing look good I thought I was gonna
felt like 10 I feel like yeah so next
time we come we'll just try and stop one
and then maybe I'll get fit we have our
pop again yeah get your fit together
girl I'm trying you know la life is
trying to keep up with everybody out
here everyone looks hot perfect and here
I am but I'm working on it again there
James is my motivation we made it look
how pretty sunset George
hey guys so I'm kind of tired um we
should probably end a blog because I
feel like I just have a bunch of footage
um anyway really sweet subscribers in
front of mine Millie's that maybe you
said of having a sad Dan you know the
other day interesting to me she's super
sweet I love her I'm she does the Trisha
Paytas names account
she's so sweet and so nice um I'm gonna
need this as my my um tripod to end up
this blog so anyways I am I'm checking
out of this and I am I'm tired and to be
up early
I'm exhausting weekend is doing that a
lot um brightest I'm address something
okay um this is not me interesting I see
addressing here is absolutely defending
myself it can just get super exhausting
when everyone just they're gonna believe
what they want to leave much room anyway
so people are literally hearing things
they want to hear I thought I would just
address it because it's more than just a
hate thing or hater comment or whatever
it's really slanderous and just amatory
and something I never want to be
associated with so in the blog I posted
a Saturday what was the lip filler blog
I mumbled and I said and like I listened
to it a thousand I said when I was
editing it like you didn't even look
faze me a new exact words that I was
just like fortunately but I'm like I
didn't even think like didn't even sound
like hope that sounds like I said the
n-word it didn't even faze me because if
it faze me I would have edited tooth out
when I'm like all someone might
misconstrue that as that first and
foremost I've never said the words
casually or I never say that word
casually even my one friend he says it
all the time he's always throwing it
around and I made lots of time in the
past on doing and he's always throwing
around I just always like try and get me
to say I just like laugh and be funny
because you know he says it and I know
like if you're black even say Arabs like
I told him I can like it's so
uncomfortable I mean to say like I can't
say it I've said it in like like when
I'm like rapping lyrics before like
years ago in a video and I believe I've
deleted all of that because even in a
rap song I like trying to shocking but I
was rapping the words and even that just
it just grosses me out especially with
the escalation of just the racism in our
country like coming maybe not even
coming back will coming to the floor
fries it's really if you this growth and
we don't need that extra hatred or extra
offense in this world and like in the
past few years I really like try to be
as PC and it possibly can be I don't
want to incite hatred and I believe if a
word is i hatred like no one should use
it and especially not me so I just I'm
trying not to like even in song way or
trying to infer shock value like that's
not anything I want a part of so when
this was being like a controversy like I
thought help common and some brought
someone brought it slightly did she say
this and I was like and I was trying to
explain what like this anyway I thought
I just made this in the video at the end
put those earphones in if you need to
listen and like some was like we'll just
edit out three examples like it didn't
even say anything wrong so it's like
when you're literally just putting stuff
in my mouth and like see my did she say
this so I and I ever applied to one
person and so I just I would say it here
so what I said exactly was
we find out what I send it to the person
what I said exactly was I said he didn't
say this was what I thought I said I
said I said in the video I said oh it's
not like he said you're fucking late or
you're a dumb bitch why I choose and
it's not this person at all like that
they liked it's not worth anything right
we're fucking career dumb bitch or
something you don't pay anything back so
replay that in I said he didn't say
you're fucking late or a dumb bitch
we're your dumb bitch so the late war
people are saying because I was like
weird or you a link just listen I mean
everyone's like listen to it you're
visually hearing what you want to hear
and I I don't know I mean when have I
ever said that casually ever like even
when I was trying to be a troll and
shopping like I've never said that word
just as a casual thing and this person
who brought up today can be so easy to
forgive someone like Jeffrey star who
used it with malicious intent in the
past and like said this in their
everyday life you know in their
vocabulary they apologized and the
person accepted their apology it's like
I've seen saying the sign any time I
said an offensive word I apologize
because and it's usually in the context
of I guess that a song lyric or
something like that but even that like I
don't I've apologized and I've
apologized and like either because they
want to literally put words and it's
just like immense like tweet it out I
feel like with anyone with a platform
that has an audience whether it's a
small audience or not if you're on
YouTube have audience
I think it's that person's
responsibility to like I don't know it's
one thing to put what I say and do out
there but if I'm particular literally
making up things I say just to cause
controversy and drama like I think
that's a little it's just it's just kind
of gross and I don't quiet back to the
pettiness or spitefulness' like it's
honestly I just ask the person to delete
you know to their followers and they
said I was twenty I said I'm not playing
victim I literally just said I hate you
delete this you know the last of simply
victim I made crazy videos and I
honestly try not to be offensive non
just know I'm going to talk about the
wall we're just putting it out there I'm
going to talk about the
leaving a bloody Cora's heart video
people like what up at arms and butter
was like I'm making I thought it was
like such an iconic scene from being
with Rome but Pete and I was dressed as
Khaleesi and I talked about it in this
video and it was so obvious like right
like I tagged the bakery that made the
cake for me it was so obvious cake I
don't know people just seemed so
disgusted I mean I get it it's like a
shocking video I sort of get it so I was
not expecting like the backlash about
that and then worship like she felt
fuckin cake it's like fall I'm an
oppressive bitch it's what I do I
fucking meaty the whole cake I could eat
sticky chicken nuggets you want to see
it which is coming soon and maintain a
video but I add just like this thing has
gotten and people just tweet me about it
and put on my Instagram and it's like so
stupid because it's like people aren't
like you're just not listening it's just
it's crazy and then for people to just
like spring it and try and make it to
something that it's it's just not I just
went to the bathroom I'm I'll be not a
meme that's why especially people if if
people I said this many times if you
just like my videos and you think I'm
disgusting and you despise me like why
watch like why comment whether it's like
it just doesn't make any sense to me out
and I I've reached out to so many who my
videos and they stopped I don't think he
would mind me saying this but Peter mom
we texted today and I was a little maybe
annoyed at him making a video saying
like he wanted more drama for me and
that I was getting boring and I may be
addressed it without address like saying
his name so I really don't want drama
and I think he knew and he thought he
was so sweet to just you know he recess
today just text me about something
different than that ticket it social
meeting that and I said no it's honestly
you're so cool you know I just like I
just don't want to be in drama videos
anymore like I was really trying cut
that I was going through something
really harder that I wasn't sharing with
anyone and I think I shared a lot with
Peter but even with him I didn't share
the extent of what was going on with me
around March of this year that's
something like no one knew really and so
it was just a lot I just didn't want to
be in
the drama world you know even watching
other people's drama which I used to be
like okay so other people I can watch
but even that is giving me a lot of
anxiety and I couldn't take it I don't
want to be involved I don't want to be
triggered I do not want to be a drama
person not people they would like to
show your fault like if I am but that
really is kind of unintentional I'm not
trying to create drama amongst youtubers
and influence like that's not my thing
at all you know um I like my life on you
choose my friends on YouTube you know
what Hollywood actually tweet it be
something really sweet
he said rereceive you're sweet you
cannot control your reputation you can
only control your character and never
defend yourself again and I really liked
that because you can't control your
reputation if people want to say I'm
racist I'm homophobic you know whatever
that's what people are going to say
that's what people going to say about me
I Know Who I am I know my character my
friends know my characters people
robbing on my character most of these
let wash me on my character meds like
all that I can do and I got back in that
defense mode today because it was just
it really hurt especially cuz this
person was like someone I just I respect
and I still respect and I considered a
friend I've always been nothing but
supportive of this person so you know
from the from the beginning of our at
the end of our friendship or
relationship whatever we had you know I
just was like shocked she was consoling
throwing me an advice wearing it as SMS
like you know Kay this is someone it's
clearly not a friend of mine and you
know as Shana's told me and stuff too
it's just like people who are going to
just throw your name out there for the
sake of use be or not your friends good
or bad you know um you know II I don't
really know how to say it other than
using you know my personal friends like
if there's ever drama which my friends
are very drama-free here on YouTube but
if there is like there was it they're
stronger around change I don't comment
on it because that's my friend that's
someone I know on a personal level up
like the human person that I can just go
to and get the information and and just
you know have us back in real life I
don't need to make a video being so many
people ask me and this
and I know personally and I hate to make
this video but ever gonna make this
video we're not just have some of these
small Java channels we talked about you
know Philip DeFranco doing this with
Shay Carl he's like no I don't want to
talk about this but I have to quit as
much as like but no if Shay Carl's your
friend you don't have to do it and Shane
was one way at that point to me this is
a while ago he's just like you know you
know you don't work with your friend you
know what I mean and if you don't
they're even friend that's another thing
but I just just like going on like a
fucking panting I ran I wanted sweet
like YouTube I just want
I'm just trying damn I only like I don't
I really don't want controversy with any
youtubers or anything I'm the act you
know I just I just want to stay in my
lane and make videos that if people find
it shocking or offensive like well
honestly I'm really not trying to get
both the videos at all like I don't give
political viewpoints I don't even car
dolly
I just try not to come in it you know
it's just it's too much anxiety for me
you just feel like I'm going to wake up
to hate and it's been nice it should be
low-key until this recently and just
like geez I just can't catch a break
because I didn't even do anything and I
just I was a responsible for so much
trying to click escalate this into
something especially when someone has
your phone number it's like if it's
really that pressing on you and you
really are offended by it like when you
can just contact me without me tweet
about it but regardless you know I just
like everyone's like if anyone's like
you're trying to like I'm the law for
some time limit doubly arms of I'm just
a mess just trying to get by just you
know I really am
um I I would appreciate people not
talking about me especially they don't
like me I would appreciate them not like
watching me but you know what can you do
can't do much but I think YouTube is
laughing wrong with me successful and I
feel honestly like you don't cost a
batch request a million times to get
ahead or try and create drama with
people to get ahead I really truly truly
believe that because I used to try and
be a little bit of shit started now that
to the level people today but I guess I
to try and get you started just with
people in general and try to be shopping
or something and voice or something but
it's just it's better to not and you
shouldn't like someone don't say I've
had lots of bad run-ins with youtubers
recently too and I just don't say it
because it's like I don't know not my
place and I feel like at the end
everyone gets reveals and even if they
don't like okay well something else will
come along you know it's kinda that's
just me I'll be honest I wanted to talk
about because he's another why I reach
out this repeater mom is very much very
respectful like key other made a video
about me doesn't use my name in the
title and just talk about my drama
because he just knows the anxiety that
it does truly cause me I mean I just say
this on camera in people could think I
faked and whatever like you know but
like when I text someone and a half's
like one-on-one conversation which was
the same with youtuber here his channel
name is day negatives he's mister on the
border on twitter he has negative
reactions he doesn't even a pop radio
his whole channel is basically about
being negative and I just in a video
where I more or less call them out but
you know I had more just kind of giving
him advice and being like please don't
be so mean and I guess it's not really
vibes is more between like hey like
you're making videos of me please do me
some weed and literally when we had this
like and he says it to because he delete
a lot of the videos about me think you
lead to all of them because he didn't
eluded that which is that video I never
asked them to stop talking about me and
essentially be nicer and not talk about
my appearance and something about that
it hurt the most fucking human being it
just fucking hurt I'm just me not so we
so mean we talk about me that's fish
that was his schtick and um he delete
all the videos it was really cool and
made a video even back being like you
know once you have that human
interaction that connection with that
person human being because he just said
you know I make videos never thinking
Trish should watch my videos but when
you have that connection knowing that
person watches your videos which has
seen your videos is like it takes I
don't know said the fun out of it but it
just takes this them being just like
this public figure it's like okay this
person is a real person and vice versa
with him I got to see it so crazy we and
usher eats it were like text but he's
like I like actually I found out so much
about him he's a father of three which I
think he talks about yeah it is he
posted a picture on Instagram missing a
father of three he takes care of
of them have full custody of his one son
and just have had a really crazy life
and just a guy in Indiana and just I
really have liked getting to know him
sorry kinda mess up this weekend um he's
a great guy things Rob like he has a
negative reactions channels on the
channel and I he's actually like
changing his whole kind of like channel
um they're not just texting people and
he did just stop attacking me a lot were
like well now just cause she gave you a
compliment says you know like you've
been she's hot or whatever he thinks
you're hot like now it's okay Bri he's
done that with like a nice Lee and I'm
feel like you guys on and like John
we're all people or nobody's me it's not
that they're not popular you don't I
mean they're not like Joey Graceffa
calling about you know what I mean like
they're like low-key youtubers right
which we all are right inaudible key
youtubers once you're on billboards with
showing some dope we're in Judy's back
on the horse so crazy to see your
friends in LA you're just like us
for you um but yeah he stopped doing
videos a lot of people when they talk to
him is that either you know your videos
hurt me or like your videos I've seen
your videos or it sucks that you think
that about me so I feel like when you
reach out to know someone I think it's
cool that they've like stop especially
when their channels especially with Ron
Ziegler mr. negative stay negative you
know a lot of his videos about the most
user about me we kind of bashing me and
he's completely stopped
even with ones like yeah the clicks we
try to like skating my dad she tweeted
me something jokingly usuals like coral
okay like I'm really trying on this
videos funny but he didn't and I thought
that was so cool and like when we texted
I sent out tweets whatever but when we
talked he is so cool and so respectful
and like I'm just like this is all
sincere as well who else have I reached
out to I don't know I just think that's
cool that
and putting my knee more dramaa can get
views and put that out there but they
don't do it because they know I'm like a
human and effort and no I'm Lea said it
is what it is I try and reach out and be
like what happens to have the attorney
system show all up on e I'm going to
talk to the Abbi for making my birthday
party amazing turnout started out Afghan
turned out amazing um that's all
I just I just wish people would be just
kind people and you know like I said I
mean like it's cool comment I was having
a shape attest this to Peter say about
team status you know he keeps getting
that shadow from Keene team loves Peter
Monica's awesome um and I said I'm just
tracking a relic item and I said you
know I seen can she spend a lot of
videos about my drama because you know
if it's out there especially when it's
like trending drama or whatever fuck
he's very straightforward like even for
like the Roger Bart days I did the rats
where as a cheater video he just says
the fact he's just like this what
happens my West Coast has some things
like this is what's happening there's me
and Sean he's like physically happening
kind of gives back the story he's
colorful he's funny he's humorous and I
think Philip DeFranco does that a lot to
kind of just gives the facts I think
that's that's a cool way of doing it
right but like do whatever you want
making other videos but putting like
cool little words other people's mouths
especially when they can be really
offensive and it can really be say in
that person's character that's not
that's not I'm propelling it and stuff
is very irresponsible like just making
it something that doesn't have to be I
think it's just bad a rose is just a lot
um but anyway this is much drama and
obviously just gave me so much anxiety
when I hate today with rickets on the
water but I have I was gone I was gonna
I was already getting ready to hike
anyway as I just really needed that and
it felt good to get out and just walk
you're like in the real world
talking to my friend James Bond and he's
just like you know just worry about the
person you are and you know everyone
just hasn't been as I know actually has
an opinion on you and it just is hard
it's hard especially when you just are
trying to trying so hard since past
couple of years to just not be offensive
you know I'm a if people say I'm drama I
really I truly I don't mean to be any
more I don't like like I like to uh what
sort I like to be entertaining I like to
push the limits with myself and what I
do and what I say but I don't want to
hurt anyone else in the process of it
you know um or take anyone else down or
cause drama with anyone else I don't
think that's right but I need to figure
out my weight um something else I felt
like I had to talk about I'm afraid to
be coming up till a brain injuries
birthday this week very exciting 22
which is so fluffy yeah I always heard
how John drew is it keeps some young
kind of hang on some just 18 I think I'm
going to write before you turn 19 it's
going straight into Jesus
why were you still so young why do I
feel like I've gotten so old love true
service alright hits within like side
out and I think fighting for him and
then um I have another dress up
character cosplay Singh entering this
week I'm actually not playing twice this
week I'm doing one for a video and then
I'm doing one for a photo shoot with
this photographer and the girl who
doesn't hear we're doing like photos
which I'm really excited I'm done one
goes in a while so that's gonna be
really fun I'm sensing Tamara's he's
really exciting coming up well I think
I'm really nervous about it but I have a
cool I'm excited I don't know it was
another youtuber um but I haven't met
but I'm really excited actually so it
should be interesting um
and yeah I have some crazy stories from
that life is that I have a good guy that
I'm talking to and be just a good good
guy don't like it's not sexual or ease
it's just a good guy and I love fucking
Tim and I'm morsi's season seven good
I'm Game of Thrones escape and I'm sorry
I split my words I don't know L say I'd
be like I mumble I swear my words I'm
going to try and speak clearer but I
love you guys and now I'm really tired
I've been talking so much and I'll have
to do is you'll tune here we get these
bye guys
