hey everyone morning it's my 30th this
morning mid-afternoon survived haha
we're doing good morning or whatever
family already
Hey Girl hey yeah hi I'm regretting that
I find your mommy
Breanna times awkward I'm actually not
humble but I'm very happy I'm not
hungover I had such a chill I guess she
was so chill and I was like so thanks
for it cuz I was doing so much anxiety
just toxic you had no like I was having
so much anxiety he's got on the blog or
we were like it was weird it was like I
had a good week but I had so much
anxiety and I was a lot and how can I
get in touch with you have been trying
for 10 years old out how to get in touch
with me is there some kind of always
just around I listen to things but
because I have a spray tan I look a
little more like healthier with no
makeup sometimes and I went oh my god I
feel like it was like me but I have a
spray tan with moonstone
what's your outfit I'm just wearing like
Victoria's Secret DJ outfit it came
together good really comfortable you
look so good things I think it was good
to have like a refreshing date or a
refresher day up session I can't flog
him I was doing that this is like super
cab I see you really have I know your
anything little see yesterday I missed
you guys I wanna come do you know um I
had such a weird tinder experiences I
think that the lab of young anxiety and
I
yesterday I was like you know maybe
you're not trying so hard
I just just felt like I was trying to
force you know I mean I felt like I
trying for something happen with guys I
normally wanted to India but because
I've been like this stuff for at first
and late lammily so it's kind of good
actually eight that I didn't what's the
word I like I don't really need up with
anyone I was application it was it was
happening and like I just was like
something was telling me like don't go
not because I was scared they were like
bad people it was just like nothing but
a little before coming why I didn't do
anything
I don't know you mean alright I met I
really have decided I'm going to stop
looking and dating like just because I
have about a month long I was trying to
be funny I try to say timer earlier
can you hear me so I know she did not
sign up I'm on FaceTime you guys can
still hear me okay I tried officially
I'm on earlier welcome to hang out
Thursday but anywho who's the cute
so yeah over a month before my big pink
kind of hip-hop and once those kicked
off with I'm never eating up time
anyways just like what am i eight where
my trying to just hook up that won't
build it to me I mean you know I was
just doing a moment right in vendor two
cameras why like I'm taking entire
theory empty I don't need to fill I'm
here you know so what's for brunch we
are having a french toast at once shoes
I'm thinkin what's up was behind it's
actually from upstairs I had a slip
search for a long time I get these album
covers like art made for me with each
album that comes out when I was doing a
chicken fingers like eating show and set
that oh you keep it back complet
back there see you not gonna throw it up
yet when you I start eating any minute
as opposed me coming
push me a little off they always go past
hold please
oh I think coming back actually not any
nice let's see
they always sounds a little complicated
I just have tomorrow thanks for the ones
with EBD very exciting I was going to
run right
sorry oh yeah the jet for you postmates
sounds good so I'm not like great and
find it like no problem Chloe I still
got my MX Khaleesi brave stuff I like
no.5 I love it if you could change one
thing about yourself what would it be
um a good question um my impulse my
impulses my anger and that kind of goes
hand in hand I feel like when angry and
really impulsive but I'm impulsive by
nature to I guess II when I'm not angry
when I'm sad an impulsive from their
happiness bolsas you look great thank
you there's that yeah Thank You Harrison
for the hunters laws
she looks so good before these guys I
finally refresh I feel good you know um
I'm probably gonna go work out later
today it's still early so if you know
what way to eat this morning and then
just see where the day see where the day
takes it over here and let me think
can you complete this morning your lips
look so much better now thank you guys
they're still in a processor sorry I
still dissolve a little more on top you
just you know push them up a little like
this what was that crazy musical to make
you look so youthful oh my god think
your engine is okay ah how bro I can't
howl I don't mean again oh oh that's
like so like I don't have that boy what
everything actually I really can't be
some when I was recording a couple times
they wanted me to do we were like
chanting swords and I literally can't do
it hello we're two cameras favorite
thing about yourself my name is Ian
realness oh ah I think my favorite thing
about myself is without sounding
conceited
that that poster reflecting that light
to feel like posting it's not the life
on um I honestly I think I said this
before that they honestly know that I
have a just good hard to care about
people like a I never look at a person I
want like bad for that person I always
you know name thank you people what I
mean to me or like done me wrong I still
haven't know like I just don't have it a
bad heart I don't want anything bad to
happen to people is that like you know
to me
nothing make sense but I know that for
me to sound like I'm such a good person
and it's not even that I mean I know I'm
very impulsive and I have a so many
flaws with comes to relationships and
human relationships like in my heart I
don't want anything bad for anybody but
I'm such a sensitive like sold out like
what I feel her or you know that's where
like the impulse comes in it that make
sense yeah suppose I think Hannah did
you know Deanna I was like there was
like two from once back back I don't
know them personally
she's always been very nice to me in
speak to me in text and Twitter and
Stephanie
Thank You Janice of a thousand bars so
you should a rightful thank you I mean
like I like like I said regardless of
onion thing sir sighs like I know I
would a good what a good person you know
we have a lot of issues but I normally a
good person and I really want I think
that's what felt like a struggle for me
is if I'm a good person and I don't know
what's wrong with me wonder canonical
video watch her I didn't keep any of I
have anything against her if you made
video no I don't know her in real life
so um did you meet up with the couch to
the guy on Friday well no I almost did
and that was the one I was talking about
this which something was telling me like
not to again not because I felt like in
danger in here and again like you I
would say but you don't even just
something the don't and I'm kind of glad
I didn't cause like the next day and
then was that your door
oh but actually he hit me up again like
come hang out and it was just so it's
something um sorry to them and there was
another guy too that I look I was gonna
go hang out with last night
something you know there's Newman told
me not to come on I'm like lastly today
I'm going to go out and I to come
realize like there's no he was cool it
was like turning out guys there's one
guy my life right now who I really adore
and love and respect not love and that
was like love a person and I mean he
drove is being like that her side for me
but I feel like if he he was the one who
okay
no beer at my door when I got the food
there it is at the door hey
oh yeah I don't know what these are fun
this is hmm
there's a card over here I'm opening off
the camera cuz my address on the front
of it oh hey I think she's in here is
Millie at first it was kind of like
streaking out to someone that I watched
her new nose and part of the girl - what
million owes me a dress oh girl day
generous I hear someone see him behind
me
she runs I mean McHale tritiated means
on Instagram I love it so much she's so
sweet
thanks girl you're in here I know you
are I see you watching thank you and
then the guys I chose me um girlfriend
watches my videos but hey that her I
just asked me but yeah oh no I'm not a
pencil stuff okay I have plenty of
plastic where should we show you what
we're eating then Joe bacon yeah you
check out my Targaryen
French love or shade in the morning yeah
oh you can slip a sight a pianist mmm
bacon bacon my fave I love bacon so much
so fun
I'll feed my nose down the gun
- oh my roast chicken green of eating
that was delicious this rug
I'm being carried I found with you I
wish I knew it has never gotten food try
and warn you guys uh-huh my son is being
baked and watching them on
oh thank you ask again but the five
thousand was is that for to be shaken I
need pork bacon now it specify all them
here at whom
come on I have MS Pisces them I'm
loading Oreos and potato chips for
breakfast purposes
now I don't freaking dumb and your
oldest addiction rheumatic you know she
got her
did you hear Edward in your last vlog
definitely not Thank You lines 100 wired
double has a new movie out yet called
bad back those it out of beers if I
always found one so time it was last
night I don't go a lot of gold
where's your breakfast let me do part
your you can Joey show no I'm going to
watch itself
if you hear what guys like to call
security point I'll be at home I did not
as fucked up about video honestly made
me so upset with anyone might watch if I
watch the drama alert interview with him
except they leak replay it right and
yeah watch the replay I can't even visit
many in media like cringe like women
miscarry chart makes us to dress in
steps making it okay we can kind of take
it lightly or whatever but
and then we said what wow video but that
doesn't know those people we will have
to brag about dating rich and famous
regardless is gross but you don't see
Johnny Depp lesbian like I made so much
money I'm so fucking gamers you know I
mean those are people that are like not
here I said you to grow I think you are
making town so good mmm have you talked
to change yeah discography never offered
it ask me that - always yeah don't make
us tomorrow bottom actually mmm that is
delicious I love it so much art gonna
eat the French toast anyway anyone see
Bart Baker security on every day bro
every day brow is every disapprove I got
into this dark hole of Logan Paula
jigsaw videos yesterday what this hall
actually I was being too bad he seems
like a cool humble guy Jay Paul Stupin
Jay smile or I'm Bart Baker's video
either wanted since that they thought
well good news she's showing up
everywhere like I can't go away I know I
hadn't heard from him he said like
helping sale but he's blowing up like
everybody's talking about him
I might have Bart Baker do Harry L exam
what is this real smoothing its trench
coat this is so good for Sunday brunch
named Jay Paul can't facility goes on
firing but England is nice goodie I just
have to do with age I think if I was 20
and just buy some again million dollars
a mob or the me problem
I won't even know not a handle it so I
like to blame it on the AG but you watch
your own videos um I mean I watched them
back and I like trying to go through an
edit Trisha dy 18-ton mm-hmm then Yelp
they call me Trisha Paytas when I come
in the club everybody hater because I
had this amazing big fake ass so some
people say hey it's still a flat abs
every day bro
cuz every day from I eat I eat you eat
oh my you now live shows where's the
free human movie to see I mean do a
parody faux wrap we sell them every day
bro flow and then I watch um pewdiepie
do like a reaction to those so funny see
by funny Oh
how you get down the whole YouTube right
I first watch what is this first wash
the ugh Jake saw rep Briggs often takes
all then I watched Logan Paul reaction
PewDiePie about baseball then I watched
the TV PI reaction to mr. vignati shaky
did you see the right thing responding
yeah I mean that's how far down the hole
I fell I don't know maybe to blog and
now thank you Cirrus routes in Salzburg
diagonal whole story channel is a violin
such a succession of trusses look I'd
never heard of these people
I mean they're killing so so kudos you
know looks upon say personally guide now
I feel fight I love French styles in the
more in this is if everyday breath its
anything any bro I love her up being a
French I can't wait to get tell you guys
my surprise may like secret phase if so
it's tense okay about it watching you
now and your phones with same time
hmm thank you for the five thousand
fires Ashley hmm
favorite copy things in Starbucks you I
am unlucky Adam but I really want to try
to sink ombre drink what do you guys
would be up to date are you guys excited
this is wrong back just to make them
laugh I just about your communication
system seemed kind of serious film your
she needs me today I'm sitting what
we're watching oh sorry sorry meeting
White Castle burgers with you I know
sometimes I'm like I like breakfast food
but I like lunch food better usually if
I'm not going to want a new shell a
breakfast food mmm thank you for life oh
it was Erin is that Erin white where's
your very husband I'm not asking guy but
you would disagree
breakfast is my fave breakfast for
dinner and dinner for breakfast
wait breakfast for dinner oh and dinner
for breakfast yes maintain the feel
enhances what um
Thank You Ashley since house was fine
and I was actually pretty soon thank you
but I'm like I'm still I still hate them
do women aliens hmm not really what some
more conspiracy videos i watch time
where i believe in my mom um we ever do
a hasp or you know what so funny I
didn't have fur at my last place I live
before movies this place Selby I posted
I usually film them before I move out
and then I close them and then I can
stuff it sound like um I'd wait for 707
split did you me a book last night I
didn't know we were going to and Weiss
fragment and perineum something in me Oh
me not to why isn't that a scary way
like here to tell are well I just
totally was going to be good mmm
fulfilling bacon in French sighs um
right out so good horse outside is I'm
tourists that
shows the website shows you want to move
on with teenagers yes we're going to try
it this week I got a text some snow but
why is this bad all the time don't think
that all the time I mean I feel pretty
good today but the freshman does hit
hang out with them could be a good
distraction
well yes but it has these too much of
its traction like I do need to pay a
little bit like I feel very bored and
I'm kinda like grasping for things right
but I do have watch it coming up that if
I distract myself too much now I'll be
distracted some you know I mean to do so
much personality type like I get really
obsessive where I'm just very looks like
okay now I'm all about this person or
know about this thing you know feeling
like I don't ask and so if I might
spread and pester just wanna actually
help with the car garyun class um I miss
my mom so she needs me as a real quick
hold please
my pretty flowers back they're familiar
love bib
to test that
Kate French has a big item you're just
joining a party in here coupon new
update I'll try and a love it
sorry they never watches well I have a
private message from only ads I talked
to Shane love you and they answer that
yes I have just weeks ago you chose
between two working Friday I did not
know
yes man I'm moving back to the beach
soon I mean in cauliflower and groups
tomatoes with the tomato sauce you
should kill yourself kind of good did
you wanna get any other plastic surgery
sure uh no eye surgery is not fun
the recovery is not fun the process is
not fun
you should watching Hanukkah I did you
change like absolute yeah
nineteen Hannah for the bar and make you
roll into the four hundred life
I'm do like transit the spell I love
Hannah so I have a brain injury closure
in the bedroom Lionel sub uh-huh I join
in with the how did you people ever
heard of closing the goddamn door no
it's much better space good thing
because before the nationality thank you
for five hundred bars oh my god I was
just I need a Kleenex and has made clear
from climb the other night Lisbon so I
learn of one kind of gross sorry know
why I was stuffing our show why have
Indian system I look so happy
Thank You Lauren for 2,000 bucks um
that's a complicated you know I we were
ahead Alliance videos plan for this
month that's at that pretty stinky and
then now it's a family having a family
what is that really good me right after
my birthday parties he got really busy
and who's doing like the Hubble music
Oh set of people on stuff so nearly have
time and then um then something happened
was in his family because I suppose do a
live show in June and that kind of so um
then you know he's fine now he's back
and then part of me maybe just I feel
like I would feel good to dance again
but I just I feel like I'd explain this
in another live show
we're sorry I'm gonna playlist up here
um um where it's not I had so much fun
dancing come on again no again Cena
Patrick and I love doing like partner
dancing I think it's like so much fun
but I started dancing with someone you
know I was in love that I loved a lot
and that I had like I could have fun
sitting in a car staring at a tree with
that person a man I mean and we get what
I was there for I'm like at that point I
was at the financing that were you know
I mean like so I feel like you my love
for dancing and dance videos was with
him and then even wife once without him
it's not fun cuz it's exercising really
good immunity endorphins and I felt
creative and but then I just when we had
that break a fiance I just realized like
you know the passion is not the same and
the excitement not the same like it was
when I dance I'm mistaking I like your
wish on so you need to have showers
Matthew oh yeah oh my god no a hundred
you know even even to this day I was
talking thinking Anderson as I was
talking to a friend of mine James this
mutual friend of ours and I was just
like you know he's not a good person not
not as another person for me she's not a
good person
so when I say like it was this person I
was in love with in the person I loved
and I was doing something awesome with
person loves like that was a life that I
thought I do but it wasn't you know that
was that's not that person and he's not
that person and he's just not a good
person if that make sense like and I
realized that now even when I was at
photos you know he does not like to be
like Sean is is is the hottest thing
ever I mean he looks back after you
think you're out of a bar to look back
and you're just like what was I thinking
in the sense that I was akin love and
and saturated eyes blinded because
you're just working who I spent all the
time with me and we know all the stuff
and gave me all this attention and I
think that's kind of what kind of vlogs
my skin oh my mom's here mom you want to
guess I just like could you let me get
my mom real quick Hamish I have a
YouTube we're on a free look mama gonna
get oh she I'm gonna guess email
honestly I keep tellin sit and here's a
go diet I don't I don't think he's the
best person best is my opinion and from
knowing him and they used to wait you
treated me or I choose him or something
I don't know my boo distant mush but you
know I wish good luck and goodness to
everybody in he is talented and
good-looking and entertaining so I don't
you know I'm not anyway okay I'm sorry I
love you okay let's have a great day
everybody
all right MA mom's coming on I'm talk to
words like 30 today hello hi hi how are
you I gotta go are you okay I don't know
find out huh I don't know my life is all
in my foot oh it's not what you're going
before yeah do we come ideal boy what
are you working I'm just one of the
harvest 81 for that I think it's by Long
Beach what I went to a couple weeks ago
oh there see no weird way okay to drive
yeah
okay I heard a thing
earlier this morning I was actually
coming I was trying to get the
circulation going that would help but I
need to exercise anyway a plan for
couple days myself day off explains it
oh and then you have to go down there
well okay at least our our place is open
today what do you have to ha oh yeah I
was trying to think like what I want to
do today I did my thing on you now I'm
just waiting here from home oh you did I
tried your Twitter but then what am I
like well what do you use the most and
how many people subscribers you have on
my okay / - I can't do you - because I
have you're a little off can you put it
down ah then you put it down I did
because why Bruce would Instagram but I
think I only got 90 thousand on it but I
got a choice or Twitter I don't know
what I don't get I guess you're going to
answer mm mmm someone said numbness can
be a pinched nerve
I hope so but I thought I've been
limping I don't know if I think that
cancer kill em on ever since I've had
that let's go or whatever this I just
don't feel well but as ever I don't I
never not every day listen ha take it
anymore because it's not on the top of
my foot and then now it's know like the
back by morning do you think I mean
maybe the ER is better than like an
urgent care because I don't know well
enough right next door
my eyes are there so they didn't put me
over there if that's okay yeah did my
hair asked on my hair heroes then always
it's a horror show
I think it was Freddy yeah I went to bed
early I don't really do anything
yesterday was very nice I kind of just
shelled out and then I went about
earlier I was up early
what do you do you want website I stood
in my second time here in Malibu or
something I was like what I found
well oh I Kelly went to work late so we
played cards and I made some breakfast
wait why don't ask me what side your
numbness was right
you know what PA di Snoopy say maybe
it's PA d no what is that
see what they say sometimes I'm work
where spine surgeon is probably a
pinched disc in your lower back
well I've had it back pains and I've
hired to me to get up so I can from a
squat position
oh my god I can't get up at all anymore
I have to hang onto things to pull
myself up by the light I've never felt
like this I'm thinking of that pill mmm
side effects of it but very strange they
say it's the AG's ambition where your
legs don't get enough circulation for
your editorial disease okay I'll have to
look it up but I like what they're like
half of my vagina's numb it's like the
whole half is so weird
hmm I'm gonna check out the look what I
made this morning
lucky me huh I get a summation I just
eating some that was so good
I beat it ah walking from what event
Kelly each of two I love it did you get
it I made the whole package no I wasn't
hungry them ha
so guys were from bacon I know that
bacon I mean for jet for 25 acre for 20
minutes
look but you're good how that looks oh
that I'm fed belly I was going to make a
sandwich to go but I can't get out of
here because I got to do what milk later
for a job oh look at all that cash
specific success all my Chandler takes
me dude I gotta pay the people they're
gonna probably have to see the people
well we're kind of getting back
no no hopefully they're not too busy
anyway
all right well say I do is on you now
huh hey good well so you like really
cute good well cardigans rescue I can
even see where no from Goodwill
Oh God we're really cute well your
swimmer says your mom's a baller
look at me with all those money in the
ball
Sisyphus fortunately goes to rest for a
few days I'm Lana says be careful oh
well I just got worse oh I guess I've
been with months like this I gotta go
get it done check out let me a hot go
I'll be around today chef want to face
by me okay well don't mean to bring you
all down there and you know but uh I
don't know it sucks so bad listen are
you leaving right now they want to be
picks of what Vicki oh I don't think I
can push this around this it's the first
day break you choose yours okay your
first day aa-actually years old
happy birthday Manny Trisha hi she got
new toys people love her they said she's
so pretty happy birthday happy birthday
they say to you ah get thrown you now -
I'm not perfect yet honestly mom you
should do a YouTube channel for quick
speed on Haji Ali just aren't
instagramming people on my if I get mine
turn up like a parakeet that new would
be about everything you need - you know
her as I do I seem like you have so much
fun I don't you now it's like everything
I'm like that's why I got so bored like
I want you now I'm like you have no
friends Oh at least I get somebody to
talk to you share some of my wisdom and
they could share their wisdom I know
it's so fun I love it I like drumming on
here it's just like bored and I can say
hi to everyone when I was a war of a
cancer so nice for the day all right
what do you wanna eat
I love your heart oh dang how much your
horses heart there's really good my pig
is next week
what is the pig a pig heart Pig cake Oh
this week no next week that's what hot
that's a 100 I worship where'd you get
that and what would make something like
that yeah girl the guy makes me birthday
cake smile oh I've never been a fake yet
that one but one time the first birthday
cake you had as your girl remember oh
yeah I remember any cake yet for years
now Manji over the next the thing on
Thursday she's bringing over like a crap
low stuff so I'm gonna bring that over
to you because I'll block leftovers
okay but a black heart was good it's
from games phone no one knows what it
was from like I wanted like you know why
would you get as much receipts of
horsepower and Game of Thrones lastly
horse Tamara she goes Trisha notice me
I'm like I can't even grieve but I saw
her name does room notice me I samurai
see you wanna I know I gotta take them
with me too but all right well I'm gonna
head out I want us good luck I don't
nothing to see with or take a luck film
okay all right good later mom I love you
all right love you guys love you too bye
goodbye mom and mom yeah she texted me
she was going to go down to an urgent
care and I was like are you okay maybe
she was having thousands but everything
will be fine i I agree I pray and
fishing with her later I probably will
look like a timber early this morning so
the chip off left was her but she beat
cancer she'll be back absolutely my mom
is a strong bitch cuz GE I get eat yes
instead of person fine thank you so much
data I really and really really
appreciate that um I'm all about prayer
where are the flowers prompt exactly
from one of you guys Lily aka Trisha
means sent me those flowers class dad
the other day
sorry I just got those I just saw them
when I went to visit my food oh I could
go back to sleep three artists very well
so two of the name that can cheat you
can have to be EXO or just go back to
sleep I've been asking the same thing
weirder than a Sasaram and I'm trying to
read all them thank you
in Dalian of odd virus she'll be okay
she has to pull real stencil or back the
food is already here so I should
probably get off marine could you get
your toes done yeah just those sparkles
cool we're exact waiter tonight yeah and
you can make a work out I name is
Rebecca sleep applied it up works out
and maybe when it has been enemies we
can all you just don't ever like come on
sorry already I already ate so I'm going
to replay of this on my second channel
but you get jealous of your mama tabular
so actually it's the opposite I am so
happy that they are together and living
together because they both kind of like
need each other and like Center from
weird like in the sick weird way they
like a good for each other like their
you know what I mean I don't know how to
explain but I'm glad they're together I
love this I hope that their clothes you
know because it wasn't always like that
so and makes me happy got her together I
feel like no I said my family worries
about me being like alone and I feel
like that's natural like I'm very happy
that my brother has inflation my sister
has my mom and my dad has you know his
life or whatever so I feel like it's
good to know that someone's like there
until something happens and I feel like
a barbecue always worried about me like
I'm all alone um you know they look at
ya just he's actually my sister's bird
and she's moving my mom after our
breakup and number one was 6 2 l 3 2
2005 be pop3 your mom's a Leo and I'm a
Taurus when a star zodiac signs Thank
You Salif in a palace I've seen some
pretty good things I just kind of woke
up this might be how I look at dinner um
want you to go work that out hot chicken
magic hey Lovato did you read my email I
don't know if I gotta if you have some
emails to my Instagram or my Yahoo I
typically don't need those um yeah so if
you sent it there she was I sent her an
email I swear
here you don't see those as you sure
she's wrong from your second Herr
sesemann yes when did you next hand
somewhere I recorded why I don't know
about it only was like a minutes long
and I don't know it's good or weird
think it was weird but what else is new
dude already a just look up I am I'm
going to UM I'm going to actually
probably it go and I just think I feel a
campus meeting with me actually son I
guess there's a way to come a fan on
here do that you know when I'm back one
think you oughta need to be but for a
thousand bars I do ever higher consult
with the metrics right now I feel like
if it's that much work I'm single gal
are u livestreaming to dinner yeah why
not maybe we'll see if not op highlights
you tomorrow
this was usually my like meal for the
day right but may forget some energy and
I can do few hours on the elliptical
maybe I'll come back and chat some more
and she was assigned with the co
Humphreys destiny hmm favor kind of
works out I like to on the elliptical
I'm a basic bitch might feel a little
school watching a game of Thrones which
I could download actually season six
I don't know I'm going to do when I'm
done with this actually tourists at a
ranch was one I did on my main channel
already meet on here I did not my main
channel isn't cheating I chose one seems
really we're done
baby turn them like baby turn movie I
stand before you Bobby
Oh baby I don't like shadow body by
classes standing on my neck see Mike I
saw sweet my lyric something I thought I
was a city less endures in turn left
down low but sound music solace often
slow I decide what was I in it yet metal
you know Rowan father's baby we ain't
got no place to go I hope you wonder
saying thank you for the thousand bar
is neuro job ready things are so hard to
pronounce south-central simular radio
love that and let self-control is so
predictable you just have some
self-control
um dungeon shit I don't really remember
the rap I used to know we're all how
does a bastard or vent son of a whore
and a Scotsman just in the middle of
forgot is button occur if that's not
because it just kind of comes at you
start how does a rake a volunteer army
in need of a shower somehow to feed a
global superpower how do we emerge
victorious from the quagmire in the
battlefield waving Betsy Ross's flag
higher yo turns out we've got a secret
weapon new immigrants you know and love
was on average he's constantly confound
and confuse confusing confounding the
British accent everyone give our for
America's favorite fat a Frenchman
Lafayette I'm getting this what's our
brains we can read code rather than
blood stains Lafayette never a fat
little duck we're a muffin I'm scared
the remains I'm not by yet watch coming
days and receipts and I'm and raising
them I'm not there yet go friends more
fun like I'm bad at more guns and shit
and throw the balance shit we watch it
with Ronnie we rendezvous with ocean bro
consolidated guess we can end this war
Yorktown hook them up I see but what is
too sexy that someone else we need
Hamilton do the don'ts do the rules
idolatry no the zoo zoo zoo gonna rent
arena what you can do on the regiment I
don't I see I am here I think
everybody's maybe that was my plan I do
media table I like to end my kind of on
the hours or hour and a half as their
own 50-minute secular give me 10 more
minutes
thank you for the thousand virus um they
could just go I guess but come to
Ireland I want you you know how to have
a calf and align I would love to I don't
know just fix them all that like I've
always always want to fly them out here
like hang out with them and she's like
coming from Isis logistics and the rules
and like also like what they aren't they
have to be over 18 but then there's so
many under 18 year olds that would want
to enter a nice overlook bad like then
I'd have to get clearance missions and
then what a seven came out and like I
about the whole thing is that waiting
bit just don't you know I knew you might
add enough
Paris not me thank you for the 500 so I
had to do it with a company I see also
it's like they have the liability on
them I just paid for it myself making
with the own I would love to do
something like that
give us breaking on I do I love the
spray tan my knuckles are a little dark
but um remember to do so fishy um did
you hear what happened if you can cheat
I know it has the drama I've been
keeping up kind of like you should I saw
white you're so funny - I just wish I
close Thank You them your lips look same
girl thanks Mariana first time on you
now welcome I'm your mom age a promise
we can have fun and get her up on
Twitter's we'd love to go out with
people I'm on that okay Hanna good girl
thank you why for the 500 line ah daddy
your chip chip hahaha just say is MJ day
yeah sad Thank You Olivia for the 500
bars love these your show money to
impeccable good you don't know what it's
like to be would you ready to draw as a
blonde
oh yeah any girl speak every time haha
I do I do love blonde so I do I tend to
partial with a blonde but that's a
romantic you can see appreciation I
loved are very close to I darken rahl
don't like me in that and the you know
the story in them romantic comes I guess
Thank You sunny world for the cars
Thank You Kaylee for the thousand bars
you do an Indian food move on I would
think you actually am from Southwest I
would I just don't like me so that might
not be a great new song what do you need
I like the whiting thing to DJ on
Instagram I use all different kinds if
they hit me up I always use that and
then i use intel on usually and my way
most of all those will not instrument I
doubt they all work um
I mean I've used someone I feel like my
ski always get whiter oh and chloroform
you and take you home please don't do
that I will be pleased here what's your
plan today I might go lay down with that
kind of hurts a little bit my go lay
down after this I'll another fifty
impact on cancer exam do you still smoke
tree accent I can upload this lesson
back you animal miner I see what she's
up to pick a day
Thank You Santino for the 500 bars love
them hungry oh how do you say thank you
and I'm Karen why don't I never usually
know let me look it up thank you in the
area
Oh Kevin I'm guessing I'm creepin I
really look up the translation but you
have different thank you much
yes ma'am um have you bought this Jaclyn
hill palette yet I I can't get it sold
out thank you I journeyed past for 2001
how can you get you resent every couple
weeks it just kind of done put on my
Lucy brazen um somebody crazy we're
surprised I just had some french toast
bacon you see on the replay we miss
disease ago
watch that replay youtube.com slash
Trish's life now annasidou I love you
with drunken with you yay thank you
I can see the mustache thing on the side
of your lips yeah he still got dissolved
out a little it life is going down
that's the process it isn't this all
happen at once your makeup that you've
been doing by yourself with some thank
you which are watching that hello y'all
I would think that I'm on season 6 of
games something's gonna do who's really
sad what made you want to start you know
I don't know a lot more hand on my hands
for the next month or show and so the
fast ones I just been taking a little
bit meantime and it's a nice cup keep
eyes like this
Thank You Maegan for the thousand bars
needs to love you then drama happen or
so respect you well sorry there's
nothing I can really do about dramas
were thinking um I don't feel minor
species on friends don't know and rubble
you I see I want to meet you
do you like I already good I know just
like your bro not really a fan
what's the way I am else I fish while we
get outside my house uh-huh you should
start we is it good turn off on my shelf
we're in find a new show to get back
into but I love the fantasy genre so
guess the pickle oh you're going to come
across you I thought I was like an
actual tickled house I guess later a
little later today
and rushing back Oh doing Thank You
Chelsea for the password maybe this is
will come on you know for you guys later
but I love you guys so much thanks for
watching my live stream
I really appreciate it's always so much
fun spots in New York you guys um hi
just to see you don't have to buy my
album Spellbinder chicken fingers and
like well right now Academy hi I was a
high anyways let me say bye so if anyone
wants a bye
by me real quick for graphically
applause Candace I love you guys bye
girl bye hair as by Roma by Jensen
okay bye Mirena by M rows by pineapples
by Yama mummy Thank You Matthews even
thousands on I love you guys remember
there are replays with this on my
YouTube is gonna see if I'm doing
anything Russ today's and Instagram to
see me match data all the guys fires
money by James James by baby be maybe
she is on the bruisers huh
I'm not old enough to be good to you but
okay I'll talk to you soon okay I always
do that fuck up
