all right we're waking up and going to
your home dance nervous
that's the most uncomfortable shoes on
today but they're cute so we're making
out with detective Podesta whatever I
want crazy a really pretty tough this
cup is so pretty it was like really
Doctor Who am i drinking it but is so
friend pretty I do not need another
sermon topic I really well you know I
post my travels so much now that okay I
get out of here before discontent off
she's insane a driver
I saw her cool in and then she was like
kicking her own car I was another car
but the drive around the world unless
that was big and I was talking uppity
should I pulled in she's willing like
crazy like I saw her she's like hit
there's like boy you didn't see him
through the dumpster in the three
dumpsters she did the dumpster I think
I'm like the bomber I don't claim to be
the bus driver but this is she like
legit I was a little white car well then
I saw her like taking pictures and I
always want to hit her taking pictures
of like the back of her car or whatever
even though she gets hit herself so I'm
getting mixed up and she's like kicking
her car would be done for but like she
had caught her car so i'ma go idea if we
could get even more like there's dents
there whatever you're trying to prove
there's done I'm gonna kick it and her
little elderly lady but it's not doing
anything to the guard anyways it was
really weird and bizarre and then I get
in and like I open my door and we're
really close but like no molded outdoors
or doesn't header Christine oh it's
right next me
who's that I let it hit cars anyways
just naturally but it was right next to
me
and um it's just so good this is that
iced tea unsweetened green ice tea venti
no water unsweetened lemonade squash
lemonade it's so good I love it um I'm
gonna get my hair done but kind of runs
in the errands I didn't get to like
we're not saying I've heard so much up
to do I was getting overwhelmed with it
all so I just wanted it oh my Herron
this one sink in the back that's like oh
fuck me Wow why oh my god chuckling not
that anymore cos a lot luckier huh fuck
fuck my daddy bought me apple juice
emerging diner on father's day which I'm
not walk on father's day but
fuck that apple juice is so good I got
me a whole like they sell a whole jar of
it
I'm so sad and happy which is highly so
fucking gross now not even to eat which
is like bro they don't want like a look
at it pick it out shit totally private
back there oh and I'm like scared
Oakland mate yeah I'm going screwed over
my back and actually because set and we
roll out which is done before like
hmmm that's frustrating of course
another freshman game why not how to
start off bad think I start out good and
I have a good story no no I always
preach be crying kind of 50 further well
I headed up to nose up the next morning
and the label was a United States Postal
Service label I don't know why I just
thought like but actually be able to
send it out I wish that they couldn't
have to keep blows out I was like okay
cool like tonight because when I go to
do my packing shit before you like it's
bring a bicycle handle package it before
you like a package of everything which
I'm lazy bitch and that's what I need so
sounds like you guys okay because there
is no Sophos near me as I could fine we
talk I said fine just you know if you
could just get a box in the package if
that was because I you you think you and
this for all products by the way to sexy
which is on alternate they're also known
that in the post office near my house
are known for being just cranky fucking
people but also because like the
customers are cranky and then they're
bitchy they're like extra bitchy on top
of it there so you never go to the post
time the extra nice to them because
they're extra pudgy but I get it because
the customer the fuckin funky so I was
like being really nice the guy behind us
while we were waiting line I'm so tired
what long story have like walls of us to
like give you the full story I have a
nail appointment at 4 so fingers crossed
that works on me my top lip result okay
anyway
hi everyone hates Michael off on my
little finger too many
so this is literally absurdity this is a
rack model you can't even see those
things well you'll see it in a second
do you hear me shout just awkward you
guys want to see me while I talk I
probably owe s'matter this is like black
Nouveau those white boys coming up
because doing right you're still not
traffic I think we just essentially and
I can just pretty weird background what
they're driving um
moving on so easy for worship like
slowly moving anyway it was a really
long way there was like three people
behind the counter only one of helping
able person and I was seeking the
Roberts package like a tiny little thing
I was probably waiting like 25 minutes
and the guy behind is my waiting 15
minutes so he was going to ain't empty
and angry will put angsty I think we're
moving but now all these cars are we
blocking which I got over there cuz
they'll discover to read in school so
he's like can we have a manager help us
this is this is big like they ignore him
and then like one got like bitchy back
and like yelled at them because you guys
could set it to me again and I'm just
like sitting there Michael agree we
should some means I'm getting involved
in this so anyways they were like not
about helping you and those people
literally let us stop to give me a dirty
fucking look I'm say don't be angry
two people doesn't that look like Turkey
from Vicky and Gabi with a blue hair but
I don't even think she's in town right
now what what everyone and she go takes
picture why the lights will light there
so Instagram I haven't moved five
minutes this is great I can't finish my
fucking stories I am in at craziest
story I guess long story short I got up
there she like package normally all this
do is give you the box and like if you
don't ship things out sex whatever like
they're they don't finish talking it
being like you have to buy the tape and
you know what I mean like they won't
finish like packing it or whatever okay
we're going by
what with all the blue hair but that's
definitely not nikki is michael them
people take pictures and it's like where
do they even park so because you can't
park right in front of it so we did it
once and parked in like the red right
there so illegal but we just jumped out
to take pictures like a long time ago
for a Valentine's Day lookbook video
anyways beautiful well anyways I don't
know if everything's like basically we
don't have to finish packing it for you
I don't know it's a bullshit it might
have been bullshit actually goes up and
one time to me like the girl is like not
having me I wasn't even doing your
attitude she was just like no we don't
pack we don't finish packing it I was
like oh I'm so frickin sad this person
who's like a really good person in my
life I'm like a really good guy and like
I don't think is really into me as I'm
into him but he's like still really a
guy he like makes it clear that he like
does have time for a relationship lunch
and I can't have so many things I gotta
do today
that makes me so sad I've been wanting
to see this guy for so long like I
cannot my hair are like fuckin shitty I
could just cancel my appointment with
those cancelling for tumors before and
my hair is so fuckin shitty I'm honestly
so sad
but anyways guys when I go this is a
story it's not that big of a deal but
the point was is you know she packaged
my whole thing up nicely
she even took my shipping label that was
for USPS and put it on there and was
like hey girl like just so you know
there was like literally a block away oh
no maybe it wasn't like to me I feel
like people are always so fucking mean
these days I was like when someone's
like nice and like and then she's like
Tommy is she oh she had phone calls and
like yelling and screaming her and she
though like yelling at me telling me
like they need a neon sign pack but they
can't get in and that they wanted her to
go pick up the sign or something crazy I
was like we're all I feel for you and
I'll like I was like relating I'm a girl
I'm sorry like people are fucking crazy
I was like but it's a fucking I said
people are crazy like what do they think
yelling at you is gonna help you're
going to drop everything go help them
with your yelling you know I mean like I
was it just felt good I guess you're all
but you know and she's like being so
nice which is being like completely like
sometimes everyone else because I get it
like people are freaking bitchy to you
you're Vicki back
even though I would have loved that
launcher that guy I kind of am happy
that I'm not able to because usually I'm
just sitting at home doing nothing and
I've been a Guinness for sure I'm down
but I kind of like not being so
available right movie is a good thing I
have to get constantly shit done today
but bag see if we don't hear from you
older than him
shit the kids really think I can't even
meet him like if I came there like to
come away from here anyways I don't know
if that that extra was worth it apply
was very anticlimactic sorry I got
figure to say this guy's shit whatever
if you want to see me right he's only
come to see me again
alright see you guys in a bit
some iced tea notion easily
so you know how they want you know to
survive to get their mind seen I got
that love relaxing I'm still released
happen or didn't end up with the guy
that I really like but like um the
constipation and drop everything out
right nice we left vailable all the way
up seen him in a while so I pretend I
can't play games but not simply that was
a software guy or something
my naked toes so if you're closest
there's no polish now but honestly
there's so annoying
do you see the shoes is that kind of
hook up your feet and help you stretch
out more because these are really cute
which is not constantly shedding all
appearances
who are all not my and sociable if you
love it there's now we doing read I
withou PDG looks about Duke when my
juice cleanse my body how we're going to
do it seriously you're like you're like
the after I'm a-gonna for your the after
I'm up sausages hair which smells good
come see Joey
where is the hair color in the daylight
I look so freaking dead now off to be
lips dissolved our the mustache result
at least okay to climb the here I'm
doing it that upper part dissolved so
okay I'm nervous I will play fake blood
to see if it goes down
hey guys oh my gosh do I look different
shoot I'm still alone she was like shit
reshaping the lip as she was dissolving
that felt so weird there's like salt
water as I salt water or something that
she like injects in there both dissolves
in our gas like dissolve distinguishes
because 20 hours see what it's old but
it feels so weird she's like pushing it
down
boy we think
he'll be here for you Carrie wasn't you
Tsar I really even looked in the daily
as really I'm going for like one
appointment of an accident
I loved me so much did you see wow it's
crazy and I know this like the top look
looks cooler right I'm so obsessed so
now we're going back to my old we going
to really love it I know photo go down
which sucks I love the swollen ER so I
hate that the topless to dunk she was
like pushing it but I feel better
actually I would say feeling I don't
only touch it too much like a stop this
bucket aboard
do you see like how this look top lip
looks like it's I know it looks like a
really big right now so like don't judge
but well you old s me with the internet
right that's really really cute she is
literally the sweetest person ever I
know it's like if she gets think I'm
like why I can't stop I think I'm a
little bit numb still and then she's
also pushing but like this is here oh I
love it so much
thanks girl should redo by Tiffany RN on
Instagram she's so sweet
and it says can't wait stable attend
tomorrow so vlog tomorrow but like I am
love
alright so now I finally get to get some
nails hopefully hopefully wanna repeat
see how it goes it's been a long day
already y'all some long day but every
tonight at my friend James O on the side
of that I make a home maybe eat some
things maybe do a live show who knows
we'll see where the day takes us and how
long this will take so only regret I
Cappy Evans pin so much I've been doing
so much to you so
uh-huh sighs I hate my nails I hate them
even my toes I hate and the girl was
actually couldn't be sweeter fucking
about the college and my nails a she's
awesome whether the conversation at just
two hours and 45 minutes i my friend is
at my house waiting for me like I was
going to go home and have like an
hour-long live show and shit fuck fuck
bop bop the level of strategy right now
is oh my god I don't cry come on fucking
stupid apple juice is still in there are
you doing that right now oh my god I
want to cry that just so fucking long
and I cannot get out because the glitter
alone took literally like an hour
Oh people Apple yes to keep any time
attention is my little girl
nothing can go right it's not even
uglier fucking yellow light it just took
forever and I know there's no point
strapping pipe fucking straps and why
fish is not fucking easy
ever my wife cannot just be easy
and people get upset about the stupid
shit about being late and I want to cry
on the style gives me so much anxiety I
need a change that I fucking hate that
sounds like shut the fuck up
I'm sorry sis give me guidance I I've
never had so much fucking anxiety
because I'm I get yelled at been fucking
late somewhere people are like I do we
want to cry I want hi I want to cry I
want to cry I want to cry no it's not my
friend is not my friend but just just
people I just
yeah
you just lose your fucking mind out here
people like you lose your mind I just
started my period Oz in there pieces of
shit yeah I fucking see here pink
asteroid on funky night here eventually
I think it's people like you like this
on front of a car it distract me it's
like not knowing the day that I could be
having or I was having and now I'm going
on fucking direction
this is why I choose and it's not this
person at all like that they like to
spend anything like to see her fucking
career dumb bitch or something like that
it's just like this is why our friends I
feel too much pressure I feel like I'm
letting people down all the fucking time
just focus whipping people down
hey why don't you my wake up and be put
together and like how good fun night out
and I'm just looking stressed and it's
like that's what's fucking forever this
was so fucking long it looks like
fucking disgusting ass asphalt like it
looks looking growth and even the girl
knew it's long I'm fucking talking mache
I'm so fucking sorry she charged me for
the glitter or gel or anything like that
she knew they'd look sucked up not what
I wanted at all like not what I wanted
and you can't really tell him sleep with
a final coat on how shitty they look I
thought all this girl like knows what
she's doing with using and she is a good
meals hack I saw her on Instagram and
she is a pan nail tech in fucking ass
dumbass scooter
oh my god he's fuckin kidding me with a
fuckin a stupid scooter
scooter so much and it's good any people
oh my god
okay I'm sorry I'm proud for here I'm
sorry I'm gonna like shell because eight
I'm sorry this anxiety this material is
so fucking gross
but even the texture of this is like
rough s o'clock let's listen your other
public there was also a position
it's just chunky growth and I hate them
under updates and I feel so money on
ethanol and they're just gross and it's
what three hours do that and I was like
why is it stinky filling like I just you
know I try not to rush people at their
job but which really really wanted to my
god
oh hey guys I just got home from the
movies I got involved with James but
human Instagram we saw our Instagram
stories I put so old in before I haven't
been home since like 9:00 a.m. I'm
interested going going going
you could tell then before I left good
must be how you are but the existing
laundry Ellen I need my all so bad this
is been in there for like ever the
problem of having your own washer dryer
in your unit you just sleep shit in
there for days
is it all flavored water early tomorrow
we're up on little video projects I'm
doing my own video project but maybe
oppress them up
man who wants all rough night which is
fitting I love James so much
James's I realize all the anxiety and
pressure and stress that's on me I put
up myself and I oversee things it's not
a statement the thought pipe into my own
head are so far from reality and so far
from such a weird thing when you put a
lot of pressure on yourself and just
light can you imagine that like just
every everything you do you feel is
wrong and you feel like you're gonna let
someone somebody that we know how to
describe about feeling people other than
anxiety but it's a weird form of anxiety
he's always constantly think you're left
off everybody pops up I hate it so much
and it's not what the guy wanted to see
today that when David lunch with me now
I was gonna ask you hang out obviously
people have plans and a lot of people
have normal like regular nights are jobs
that they can't and I guess I just feel
like if I say no somebody not just in a
romantic friendship whatever Sam just in
general work whatever I say no associate
are disappointed in me he'll never speak
to me again
well even that guy was so the words he
said I I was a good time I cry at work
so so fuckin sweet and they weren't such
simple words but he's like that's okay
we'll try again and to me that meant so
much that's the one we want to try again
with me because most people just put a
lot of times to that fear is not
unwarranted in the colada know where a
lot of time I know he's not a granny
panties wise I just I live in those like
if I if I don't see a guy like if I see
a guy as billion wearing no underwear
like underneath dresses and jeans and so
like that I'm sorry it was so gross holy
underwear probably not even they got
that whatever um all right
you know um the losses would be like my
ass - I'm there like either like I had a
boyfriend like an actual tears away from
that I said I couldn't make something or
I can't get there right when he said he
said I don't love him and it like fucked
me up and I just get that fear of like I
say no so a lot of times it's why I
avoid people - if they ask and hang out
like it might either I don't want to
where I can't I avoid them because I
don't want them to be like well fuck you
wherever talking again which happens a
lot so I think I was giving myself a lot
of anxiety and also bleep this thing I
used to get amazing I tried this - okay
well that work you put I love you - love
a trade secret 90s they're so
comfortable I have that navy blue one
you guys probably wear a lot this week
see I get helping them at every color
they're just so comfortable in like
lightweight and they make a kind of feel
like not so grossly Legaspi shirt but
the life is our single gals doing the
laundry at 1:30 but we sell rough night
and it was so funny and James was so
sweet and created much popcorn and candy
and okay please do IRC mom more exam on
I just enjoyed it don't see people
enough I try really hard I go down and I
just doesn't feel this is so okay as
pressure power itself it just never
feels like I'm doing enough for people
and the problem is I don't even know how
to get past that FEMA I got my period I
had to go back and still Gaga's holding
it when the girl is doing like glitter
yell I had it and I holding it and soon
there was the bathroom I knew you can
always feel and there's like a little
bit of bit thicker blood coming out
right
why is this I have to be hard why do I
have to be a prisoner in my mind I say
that a lot but that's in true I'm
constantly in my own head I'm constantly
prisoner urban wine and that's hot stuff
up relationships I snuck up friendship
looking tired of it I don't want to be
this way
you really really don't I have a lot of
big underwear I just realized a lot of
salt colored underwear she goes why why
nothing gets white underwear you know
stands lonely the arrogance I am we all
have pieces in other words don't be
embarrassed I used to be literally every
happy dance
I mean maybe not everybody in the whole
world but maybe I've been having trouble
now peeing on myself and gross foot
I'm tired I'm a wonderful employee
laundry at this hour of the night but
I'm going to bed
connected short surahs pajamas you can
see that soon fresh we are just hold on
for tonight
I just got on why my computer wasn't
down here lately to get some night or
loss of interest here
some songs release a science moment so
about what I'm going to drink some boys
these nails why they hate them so much
so low
he's team
it's just powerful thing just fucked so
much today that my toes too or just look
like a five-year-old feed to them with a
bunch of glitter is literally how he's
doing nails when I was like 10 and an
IOU just piles glitter I'm hung with our
more glittery kind so many while hurt
and actually passionate so all my
errands in one day like that and
overwhelmed me it really does
I thought we're not so you now stream
today I really enjoy doing those with
you guys to it
alright I'm going to search the internet
for a bit I'm going up a little behind
on walls I have to add some for your
eyes and I will I love you guys so much
and thank you for watching and until
next time here we can see instrumental
businesses cheese I'm sorry I gave you
had an anxiety or stress
this is actually my life and I think I'm
sick weirder like I'm coming more more
real and authentic on YouTube because it
seems that it actually helps me and also
helps other people to see and it feels
better to release this so thank you guys
for letting me I'm sorry if I caused you
any anxiety
alright guys it's not a Margo's with
Mike uneasy here does easy so it gives
you some really fresh cool right okay
