come on come on I have it here here I
was just getting a drink rolling over it
back I'll chop it having trouble I
shouldn't eat tonight
hi when you go into where we go will you
marry me so good I was really really
into the nap today there's not that
exciting what I did
please never stop you know it felt weird
not in your mouth yesterday you are is
always revered it felt really disgusted
I put that notification to that yeah how
are we all doing tonight
teardrop teardrop saw me
haha what's higher I think if you
actually nap today am I tired I mean is
a weird like time at my scariest gym
this like a year like not sexy mood need
to work out the precipice um I'm waiting
for food at my house in the setting
didn't eat a whole cake today and
what does it order Domino's ah I feel
like that bikes too much your easy video
viewing the heart cake the symbol of
what guy dude my heart
did you bomb after the cake no actually
a little sick if I'm making me buckle
opening my stomach your own a thank you
you know by now no um but I mean I
wouldn't be mad if I was let me clean
lucky Dustin thank you very much
Hispanic where you gonna eat oh you can
shut you some stuff shell with plain
stuffed shells like it says that from
holy gross celebrity like like I'm very
popular that's so pro so disgusting
Larry cake let me eat cake bitch think
that Trisha do it about good time
clearly not this is not a good combo um
I did not know maybe not look at the
come who is my hair how long I can still
be with Rome's is the safety master
don't come up with any other things
little brother push to throw a little
bit this is so refreshing tonight I
don't know what it is can't wait to meet
you more day can't wait to meet you too
oh I just unplugged you guys come over
to dress for agency I feel I don't want
these stuffed shells we are on an
adventure interest kitchen Tuesday
Tuesday Tuesday
you open the Apple Apple it cannot be
you know these things boil at awesome
plan app pasta noodles that life oh my
god or so money haha
I mean I love truly I love how concerned
people are with my body like just
there's not it truly is bizarre to me I
don't understand that like I I is so
weird to me but whatever is you go one
more level sends home if my body's
petitio let them stop it
when y'all doing this Friday night
watchin TV stops noodles how do you fill
up turning where you next year shut the
Buckeyes homesteads awful I hate it
nursing my depression they're all off
dealio and depression is no joke it's an
awful let me take that I just going to
have you Scoob it's definitely video
today let's call sell out a second
eating hearts video gracious will delay
me I was honestly so fighter to that
video like to recreate a scene from my
favorite show ever and let's go on our
favorite teams do it which is a scene
from the show which I thought would be
like so obvious but it was like dressed
like her and who like had such an issue
with it like you don't working with room
for sometimes more violent and gruesome
and disgusting
I love your body cuz warmer create
excitement to think you were in the girl
okay you know some amazing with you I
love it thank you
hahaha I want doing she like that like
that's the thing about I was excited
wake up wise morning I'm a geek just
miss Khaleesi and like play make-believe
oh my god we also need like coming in
via via love and 8880 for the likes the
hey looks so good
the cables anyone that wasn't generally
good there was a lot of five minutes why
I didn't eat for like heart-valve part
you can't eat that without it because I
ask you personally even cupcakes I was
knocked off Rocky Mount actually is like
usually a cake part of a cake but what
made it cool was the bond right cuz that
mate was like the bleeding heart
whoever made it was counted now my
girlfriend is art she is amazing and
pretty so cool I was so I was so excited
about it
Thank You Harley for the bars little
crunching apparently since you still
love with the marina
are you putting your wrist your toes
that I did my feet are all busted up but
oh there's like hair on there enough
rope look so tell my feet from those
sandals I were yesterday and I don't
have a gross but there I'm sorry about
these I just see my vlog tomorrow but I
was so lady was I so rush they look like
a little kid to them it looks like them
nothing great I'm here table that I I'm
not happy with them I'm not having my
nails you'll know what that John have to
actually added that blog tonight still
supposed to go out tonight to with a pen
here I'm like you're cute thanks I mean
know what they are we have a good margin
I did you an anthem are did you say I
don't know who more like over here
turned out I felt like I kind of rushed
it I felt rushed doing it with areas
must be relaxing or more like seven
minutes um just for olive oil on the
plot oh really I've always been that way
they're just dry out Neil's it's kind of
crazy communal confinement I know I felt
like that was a real controversy the
video that no one was always focusing on
I honor but I thought that would be the
contour is right
she had all fucking cake minors on this
dumb bitch one tight bitch one I got
that Muslim two years ago into where my
Christine were what perfume I love how
you laughter ah I don't mean I didn't do
anymore I mean I is so funny because
everyone else is a girl hugging my lips
in public that she was being with a lot
of issues I don't I saw the other day
she got it
I finally got this dissolved up here so
you can want to see more out like my lip
thank you for the 50 bar and um the
applause and she's like I don't know how
you what would you have a good trick
actually making some stuff he knows and
I'm just looking I'm so used to it when
you're always new facility I'm like I
don't really even think about anyone I
was coming I'm used to that shit now I
just enough my couch then we feel we're
going to be enough image I feel like
extra depress when I wake up look like
I'm not an apology with eNOS - oh you
must be any kind of depressed I'm
telling myself I'm reinstall this is a
good four days in real time time I talk
about impression I'm not in the question
but like honestly I feel like I kind of
getting there and I need to figure out
how to change this mindset and that's I
been on tinder I'm like you know what I
got it not perfect but not at all the
guys it's almost a modern date with me
like a proper date like watch dinner and
stuff and have some drinks in some
showdown for that but I can't give you
expect things anymore no sexual pictures
you know at the Pride Month and Destin
doing that supposed to keep on him um
yeah actually I feel great thank you
this amazing rollin Susanna she's
actually so amazing I think she's so
underrated out here in the hair world
she is awesome I tagged her and Ray Ray
picture che she's so good
can you move out here inspired food that
may become me anytime and respected
cause we came right away I know there's
working a bit salty she's actually known
who's actually knows
Oh oh god nothing are you trying right
the hair girls like yeah no no she's
harm front no which is really good but
um I feel like she's definitely
underrated she'd definitely be like more
with like a you know mean we had that
was no shade I fucking like surfing and
I was like my aim but with my hair angel
lady I love her so much
I'll have laundry hairs I did go get me
recently I guess she I had a lot to do
I am had shipped some things out at
FedEx I got my hair done hair color that
my nails done got my lips done and then
I went to movies so high clouds GIMP I'm
Lauren it's always good to see you like
this would you marry a girl to be honest
I don't see myself very good girl but
then again I don't necessarily see
myself marrying guys to be like honest
honest with I think there's something
that like you are dealing with which is
like hard to deal with I think once we
deal with it and like kind of maybe
accept a like you know maybe the
marriage thing isn't for me in my
personality type right
I'm fine with accepting that that's like
a big image and I think we're one time I
accept it like I I don't know you wanna
mean animal debuffing
I'm really shy actually roughen it when
I must try to add my own depression and
bunk we will soon so walking with them
you sure what do you set Rachelle but
they're not this if you saw the
packaging there's like free stuff with
reishi tortellini that you get like the
fridge a little that's the first
apartment is on the freezer what's that
called in the grocery store we get milk
the cool section I guess I don't know
you are one in girl subscribe it mama
you too long why she's not starving I
just sent us a little cell phones if I'm
gonna have a little corn
see how this posture doesn't first
musical your obsessive for Hamilton
stand with the Opera I don't know I
always get a beauty because it's us when
that movie came out can you please sing
an obscure music like right now
what are you losing its tail it's song
two guys one mom 172 hmm
I'll be sad together misery loves
company honestly hmm
thank you young hustler fun city fire
pretty are just a freaking cool um
things in a lifestyle oh boy your body
close yeah
sorry hands around my neck be my control
of looking for freak just like me
good what happened girl we'll see okay
for free just lets me show me what the
gas put it on me please break the first
to get break again great face the face
to get bacon recruits the first together
again
I love you your car now bridge the
bridge together again recreate the place
together yeah race race to race to get
freaky I want to be rich at home now
crap out of your whip and I'll change
into it wait crap of your web then I'm
changing one where man this is so bad
thank you to Peter P word to the cookie
bars
this is the best lineup today I love it
oh thanks questions like that one so
much my music videos not a bad way and
but they haven't they haven't been doing
well and so I love that you love music
and I love making it which is but I can
get it you need a break from everything
right so I've been on a break
I mean I obviously make youtube videos
obviously what I'm going to do right but
um I'm just don't like this mental break
from like performing is that I just you
know it I love to do it it just felt
maybe I don't know we get a lot of heat
assignment hey that brought it down it
was just more of overwhelming like doing
it all and maybe just feeling a little
less under appreciated because I put in
a lot of work than um but what does
makes me happy that you guys like felt
that you liked it and I read the it
makes me happy to read this feedback and
again II too long I'm going to write
focusing on the positive stuff you know
are the noodles right now they have two
moms a minute take a minute there um I
want to eat with you a time you eating I
would say about 10 minutes probably
things they notice I always did not buy
well that one now she let me do husband
lemon eggs but it said hey hey hey hey
that's what I be doing a British rule or
show me how to say he knows it I don't
know how to say no other fish look like
God she look so helpless
inside screaming tell ya um good luck
long I waste you a place how could you
she said no sir there don't go sir I
didn't know but I do you let her I
didn't know any better just give money
once if you could help me whatever he
wants did you pay you
I can repair brezhneva all you guys
it'll be so tight you guys want to see
actually Alan hates missing you I don't
I love singing
you're coming bothering is on your mind
it's depression for no reason hmm my
oblong have a really good life and I
fucking can't keep depression
these are for me yes I think it's only
as an SMS and it's awful
oh and talk about guns in garages the
new buyers that don't know who I am we
don't some very special pictures and
always it just expects nothing and I
forget type your score but I look uh
very well and as I fucking hate crying
does something you you're so much like
crying a bit for weakness I don't
believe it at the formal unit I feel
like I'm always crying though get your
shit together I just you know what's
really kind of frustrating which is kind
of weird is like there's a guy of my
life is a really great guy and I really
like him any such as different types of
anyone I would normally go in and remove
that sex but sometimes it is one singing
out just with me it's like he just had
pipes for lunch and it's like not as I
say and when I couldn't yesterday and I
felt I didn't feel bad because he's like
we'll try again but then that made me
cry because when he said look was able
to try another time look like will keep
try it or something to get together and
that made me so emotional because why
would I say yet meet up with someone a
lot of times they like write me off like
fuck this version I'm busy or something
you know we're just like weird I know um
but he's such a good guy and um he's so
sweet and nice it's just I don't think
he's quite into me the way I'm into him
which really kind of sucks cuz and I'm
not being crazy and aggressive you know
really pursuing him because we don't
want to scare him off of you such a nice
guy right just you know I think a lot of
all the time and I don't really get the
same versification from him could be
really nice and he does try to make time
by going out you know I feel somewhat
lucky with them and I know he's really
busy but she would be nice if I felt
like really MZ Louie I'm exempt
three possibilities there you're right
and I knew I honestly I say positive for
you guys over myself I have some really
exciting things coming up it is not
coming quick enough like I can't wait to
do what I'm about to do
Thank You amber W sinners on guard I
have some really exciting shit coming up
I don't know you just make it grew
another couple months limp and a half
2015 restarting a blanket yes I feel I
really had caught with you I do get
lonely but I honestly know this
depression does it come from that
something like within me this is that
night I mean it's so just easy as it
sounds that doesn't run of every score
some words like if there's nothing with
you my wife and why do these tears come
at night I get really emotional at night
it's really weird
let me play you guys remember me cry
yeah I'll clap hi we don't cry i cookie
I hate Craig believe it or not I'm going
to get some planning to check on my
noodle Rebecca thank you for the
applause doll okay well done little girl
they're very complete and I'm by myself
what should my trash out I don't feel
good about that weighing on my maybe I
should need me to blow my nose right in
front of you but if you like pop up in
your noodles of now I fix hi Joe so
friction my nose I'm sorry if it's so
gross close yourself first
don't see anything creature this is
we're saying I feel like I truly do love
myself I try and be good to myself and
boy am i yourself and um I truly feel I
do I like you know I I don't know I do
feel like I do value myself I just oh
it's so frustrating to even think about
Wow
no no a little bit of peace of blood
can't you smell nice a little bit of
blood doing my thing for my take earlier
oh oh oh oh sharpen the oh my god music
that's right we want just a little bit
of this my mommy tonight it set up where
my new spawn was this how long if you're
seeing this and also you knowing she
doesn't say hi to my you know Friday
night we're chilling on us on you now
hey very exciting we're making noodles
on you now you'll be in the little house
accessory okay we're at inception
because you had live shows on the vlog
channel wall go beyond the world channel
we're making noodles on the blog channel
I'm really thirsty
what kind of drink we're making oh so
you do desire our blessing those noodle
are you - you guys are into the noodles
inside out when we tell the blog channel
one set ok guys if you guys wanna see
the records little time your stuff
you're going to either press rely show a
hot stream Austria and you know it's
really fun but these are okay a squirtle
any shells on each sign is one little
dragon babies the mother never leaves
two babies so if you guys wanna see the
rest of you down
Wow fags Matt bow I'm turnt up whoo I
just cried for the first 20 minutes so I
thought that way okay you're my favorite
person that wasn't me - hello everyone
hi Ichi always close always why not have
some of the noodles
Thank You Lina for this Elden behind I'm
literally playing philosophy and what we
are probably then we share tinder record
internet which gets hung as it was rude
or not for him I felt kind of like it
was effective but look at that theme
I'm just gonna eat my fingers we're
ready to try and sell it hot why do I
can see your noodles view Thank You
Rivera for the virus is that spoiling me
I cry I love being described accordingly
Michelle or kill them throw your treat a
rough pepper step shelf good I'm not
that fancy put that bit of a kook mmm
recording so sapphire I cannot stop it
alright if I might share the tenderer
message how it ended and tell me this if
you sing a little like rude you know
these over something which I know you
ate singing back web so it's um selma
Instagram
yes before I get home I never like to be
prepared at all these lot like nothing
no more questions you know if it's only
guys who wish I can do whatever anything
without your point sir
so I wish a mitten scram he likes some
wind Schmitt pictures and so I want to
go look and see like what security like
and I saw he was liking some other girls
photos which I remember the guy we're
not dating but I chose me funny
he's like by the way I'm gonna like all
the pics of what you're going to look
like when you come over to me and I'm
like I just a toe up so I do it that
much like lol I want to see which ones
you like you must really like and I said
person's name this girl's name SiC her
username um I'm realizing more for
photos mildly much more like good for
all and irons all under and everything
some yeah I'm I'm Way more black
Amendola crying laughing face so
exciting I was like I got some more or
less joking and um I'm like all her damn
like literally like like all report
which I get fear my revolvers me young
girl warnings hurts area he's like I
just like strict in Georgia after I saw
that and I said coach it don't like
other roles photos when you're trying to
get it in on tinder I just like crying
safe I think right place to like sleep
see anything I do what I want
son same light and I was a laugh and
centrosome does nothing much really
cocky or what's didn't complain but he
didn't do like lol don't look this is
only yeah I mean you're not even dating
I wasn't like three oh I saw her again
seems rude hey what's up yeah well I
never know we a little playful banter
even better like Rocky okay thanks
because I was like I'm gonna do it I
want I was like oh yeah I was really
joking
thank you Miss Kraus Marcos like right
away kinda like for me I don't really
like these fools photos and I'm dating
or talking to or does anyone photos in
general unless already gnome to Mike
Rinder 5 million copies oh yeah honey
how all that is a teacher you don't even
like not that matters but make you know
weird and then like
I can't half joking but I was like why
Manoli mm-hm and there were young girls
he's like 40 Glenn Hegar joking from
pneumonia as a two-seam is shocked and
this is the person I thought I knew I
went out with a mutual friend of ours
last night and I'm helping him about it
and I was like you know he's obviously
not worth my thought he was written but
I thought I knew put it and what has
that when he did to me and I'm talking
about I'm going out to a club and like
making out what other people whatever
but not talking and just dropping me and
just knowing how fragile I was in
college I was like surprised I knew what
I had done at me but even the trust
thing you know that was obviously
someone I didn't think I would know
either and after all this time I'm
missing where's my thought he was but a
person in his life asking your delete
photos and meet him and I wasn't wanting
to but then this person was kind of
persistent so I just said on the
collabora I went back to want me to
delete the photo so I did look at the
photos and like it felt does it we all
will set up or not cry or like break
down you don't even use that place
haven't seen the new girl dancing
refusal yeah actually now her she was
actually in a playground video um I'm
nothing against her and he's at school
he wants to Meco videos um he knows that
that would hurt me you know me but my I
mean I get that I'm not like salty about
it or is that you don't mean like it
hurts it means I'm like him okay I don't
know maybe jealous listen well I was a
kind of art day and I didn't abandon him
in that category right like he chose not
to talk to me or be with me anymore so I
just continue dancing fetish do it but
also I think watching to profession
answers a lot of school I don't like my
dancing besides is like all perhaps
professionals like to dance together
how many yoga dancers there's nothing
you know there's no I don't know maybe
that is better get something out but
awesome here's an evacuation with the
Dancing's really young dancers you
cannot take on video I was like I'm
gonna do live together I said well we
can't use those dancers could be able to
their way she I mean they are they're
literally like children or 20 years old
and even think about dancing with
younger people to make a handle was
younger but I was starting to move older
like that's wrong very wrong and I'm
sorry he just looked a lot older dancing
her hair but even me I always the
stances my age or older you know I mean
all right at some point I just that ball
in the other movie will send me stuff
sometimes like these videos from
whatever but but I'm telling what that
fat really helped me like heal me you
know so that hurt for so long to seem
just live his license Sean has
everything about Latinos he does I don't
know what go to be still open thank you
I rise up it's life you guys get revenge
just another boys hit a revenge like
what was the revenge sizing my body was
never for other guys it's not to impress
other guys it's like my body ulema is
getting but wish you had those melt like
I don't want that I want a guy that but
anyways
maybe you all by family right boy the
funny
what are you eating
just tortellini from this workers where
her eyes all right this is why she knew
it by 20 home I am happy with my body I
work out
yes I gained weight year there but come
watch my live streams 1p look so good I
love them thank you for the 50 bars to
meet them
did you read the comments on you I
forget I read a little bit hold over it
I'm not bothered I sure would fun doing
that video like it was someone hunting
show fucking game with role-playing I
was so obvious and I'm so good really
probably waiting time I understand my
the up it yeah
check your nails I don't like them drama
wasn't yesterday we all walk home are a
lot it but you know I felt light bulb
six Rebecca I didn't even use economy
zoom not for a while a part of as well
I literally feel like here might be at
that ready for dessert I think a whole
cake today honestly idolized my sneezer
are cured how much were your lips really
would get some sandwiches me she's a lot
more expensive than the girl I was with
definitely probably thinking in the end
here for an ad bars she's like double
way with pay
she'll my problems but she said her
philosophy here I believe another one
filling every four months film but they
do last year we worth it but your looks
better looking
right but they are a lot more expensive
there remember me how does your mom and
she rushing yet yeah she's wouldn't
remission for like a year and health I'd
happened tonight we're well breakdown
together it was like even though I don't
want pictures here for dogs now so I
could hear Berta Thank You City 2500
breath why are you thought I should
don't I can't use with sauce he looks
then girl wasn't it on that Marissa gave
the show we already fine not saddened to
have chronic depression
you look so pretty here thank you Game
of Thrones life for life videos will
show you next week would you wanna show
up is nominal
Thank You Mara a four thousand bars who
did you break up the Exodus I'll have
any honor Alba I did it land Harris fun
anymore now that I don't have in all my
life I guess I like swimming because I
like believe me with champion I read by
oh my girl Savannah she's so sweet
em different five you know so to break
up on walls I need to break up favorite
part do you hear make up my like you
ready
if you wanted me to retreat I would love
to monitor any with your fingers the
less disrespecting you want to put a
have embarked on say and realize it's
work so it's not registering at him cuz
I'm not eating is my fingers on my like
do it button looks good on you thank you
um we're not girlfriends no why can't I
skip off what you and involves other
Google's Becky a person Egyptian Dover -
uh um I like the blonde way too much you
talk to show yourself I do I'm gonna run
up at what to do some way to cope with
some with us weeks image it look like
please be awesome regard Thank You Kate
with a thousand bars you drive it great
since I'm sorry I tried myself crazy for
what force I hope your boy here we go
safe Larry if I don't know well usually
have best everything I hate mail
sometimes I have your new your element I
got it up fixed I'm taking one yells
arms all huh long story explained it in
the blog smile
you're prettier than Hampton we're a
number thank you I'm not dancing on a
little break Adam stop Kyle I said Way
was a glancing I like slamming hung who
was doing like lamb I can't think of who
I was dancing with I'm a lot with people
around me more than your name
Thank You sky laughing down boy
um they have another new with anyone
right you guys like like a collab except
Isaac from a great deal of depression
chronic question and no nothing happens
I just on the average bettor nothing
else love side recognize I don't love
dancing with him but it's you so much
fun and such as I love him as a person
and as a friend and he's amazing and I
love Harry Murphy who makes him happy
but it's a different dynamic you know
there was I shouldn't rewatch it but you
keep sucking on my spaceship to me I was
very watching um just bad sheer insomnia
John dance to think can't loud and I was
looking at the ice I just you know you
remember that day that time and you
remember being really happy and having
fun like the feelings of stuffin did you
look in their book so romantic and if
you know it's just a different things
I don't really sad that it I don't know
how the less amusing and definitely want
to go back as soon as I said sir I
fucking love him so much as a person and
he's so great to eat
beautiful video by way and I had it was
a happy time in my life
yeah sometimes like the one fires
reading a comment so that helps me so
like you know you found your love
dancing or something you loved and
target eyes do it from outside and mean
you know Thank You T for the bar
how about Susan's background I was doing
sugar and I wasn't background for going
to be upstairs in my wall
when you marry someday here and forget
about no I won't
in fact I can't wait for that day well
we really have to get ago you as a bit
on those dirty for a long time we can
get about happiness and heartbreaking
then I'm happy and married aunt which
it'll if you guys up to me and you have
better person I don't know how many
liking this my blogs in the second one
are you 32 52 Oh
how might happen driving it watching
school I know I should've on I've a few
watches a school with group welcomes it
favorite tip will have sex forever
Michael Jackson you heard dr. problem
not as is moment not altogether there
you're the best good do I want corner
and do I'm settled I got a message from
someone on tinder let's see it
recognized the name um oh hey sexy has a
graduation that's a new - he is - just
an arm back you guys don't mind right
so semantics I don't think it's like I'm
smiling in this worth - I feel what you
want to convey but I'm fine I'm good and
what's up you guys monalee how that like
mood right
ah too much marks on your face imaginary
blogs oh I kind of mad him out you
should go out there
no put the tick iron into the game's
down position for the noise fun no
excuses - oh well I don't needed to make
like a wish was a girl cheese or autumn
period or escalator ice we're centering
feather Thank You Kim let's dance for me
which is good when I say back
what'swhat's up fun cuz with my friends
I said hey I found if that's what the
moment you he's a guessing for me which
is good this is just like a sleepover
and then I heard a girl fender wobbly
ones you look like Akio shows no you
look like I can yeah oh my god I would
your watch put it that way today we
should say no I don't like to initiate
your anything warm try not to be that
girl I missed it when you do eat a
stuffed mules this is annoying let me
know I can get off my email
when you're close I said yeah question
perfect interesting I like watching you
in there
this is my ice myself to learn and keep
watch in there ah is he cute or cute
he's cute actually there sometimes I
feel quite acute so I'll give you an
advisory the second noise I'd love the
noise
I'm gonna tell you - so I sat and like I
feel more matter what you do I'm raised
your profile so mysterious he doesn't
really have a age but where he does
I'm sorry yes make them chase you could
say well big wall if they have a friends
but we're going to start vlogging where
the summer ever I was doing more thank
you so much Jim for the thousand bars
the girls we ship doing it's not doing
you justice sorry you don't appreciate
how long have you been on I can also
listen Alan who would claim in a movie
you know he kinda looks like is a Thor
Chris Angeles something he looks like
Thor in the vacation movie national
influence vacation screw the best the
slender version of the like nigga voice
in center Maxine this is so exciting
personal assumption connection with my
favorite part of town
ooh asking where he doesn't respond the
back is pretty quick to respond Chris
times 1 is s fine in math yeah he's cute
respects q is that own eyes if is the
rotation a lot is it out his profile is
that mysterious ha ha ha
Oh
Susie that's thing say home I mean it
may not be a good match
there's resolutely her name is Trisha
and SEO Jian
I just wouldn't ask problem area
great it's a hat paladin and so I do
social media stuff kind hearted place
and I mean it's tender I roll lol what
does that mean or effect because I said
just about a lot of info Oh individual
misterioso slow rising syllable ice
cream
he said I said I thought haha Cool J and
here's it sounds intriguing
we've been time Cinderella well thank
you asking for bars
pretend you're a famous singer well I do
have a straight guy I have a singing
pick on my profile okay then if you have
that picture so I mean if you can't
think you can see for the size of ours
it's like a updated picture of my body
step aside with drinking so I say things
around but today weird a couple minutes
before texting they did if you were to
wake up immersed or destiny right back
I never know advocate for that kind of
stuff more blonde like text right away
some of those potentiating Thanks
have you got a flash differently now
that is a dead and done and I'm okay
with it
telephone Maryland how wonderful
Thank You Margot polo for holding a
rundown solo Roy violence bars hajimete
girls when you're so famous like look
Quito they think they're using you for
money um those air cards for macadam are
I'm taking a pic of you for him spicy
Iran especially Thank You Katerina first
a boy um these hard period and I
honestly just think what I can get and
you just can't really think of how are
using me is credit you know take people
for what they show you young it's
pronounced tomorrow is French oh sorry
keep them furious hi can you help I lose
any friends they pass away or you just
earned a longer friends
cuz um close our top I've actually never
lost a friend I lost a boyfriend which
is really tough and hard Thank You Mikey
sounds like but um he lost then ok we
have not gonna go ever having a pool
there's you awesome is like in what they
currently like a dad that's you know
that's a lot harder I don't know yes
that's definitely harder cuz it's like a
you can never reconcile or you never
bring them back um when the French if
you lose you kind of warned them explode
like it back right this is the hardest
part you warned them like that
no usually one comes our ideal show us
that here I really love it I'm going to
keep it in for another day when I'm
we're 29 on top broadcasters hmm
are you - oh my we can use it now they
are that I showed him earlier they're
like a silver glitter or they're not
great though I said I had drawn with an
elf on again thing learn to wipe it out
I'm just that they're engaged I'm really
wonder you guys help me yeah you don't
leave anything out
nothing this guy with China and just
like let it let it hang there start hair
up an elephant well I wasn't like a
story time but I explained it like a car
blog just about a 35-minute blocks it's
all the clips insane hide the day and
heart cake taste but I don't taste a
little good option it's myself it want
to taste the cake Thank You Alyssa at
the time I decide what happens okay I
hope nothing bad nothing happens between
you're not strong at that
um just wasn't right you know what
welcome to his mommy
oh my gosh let me back think you're back
another thousand bars
hey rather here which is what side do I
want to get I do want to get a new one I
said this guy tribe across the nutrition
and find out they're compatible I don't
know see method in leaving I totally
agree with you
um but you know I get a lot of people
really into fitness
they kind of like that I'm not it's not
the president's office is the chat now I
don't totally right off right and very
at for a bit I'm always fit this person
um some some idea so why don't see my
ideas that's already Asha Saturdays
movie date how do I look they just see I
don't want to plan for a while um
definitely I know how do you it yes I
did come on ask one what if I bought the
sky she'll be in that pond if you ask if
you're under beach but it's like yeah
I'm gonna WI question once I go to bed
sure I'm your optical for two hours for
a thousand calories in two hours one way
that large split come to the East Coast
be yourself exactly Thank You Joanna and
a thousand bar and you get real number I
don't know right like today I'm coming
back
I'm right in with them
but you see nutrition a certain company
I'm pret it's fun is definitely not a
fitness person awkward-looking
awkward-ass person
Thank You Jennifer mm bars let's last or
suboxone plop purse lately
have I oh these like the one shoulder
like Lux live along with rock ability
ones I want to get one believe how like
the bid sheet ones bring them the van
Gogh collection the big I think that was
this by the way everyone always like you
fun it I don't want definitely a fun
camera no matter if I had don't really
go away
no and I'll do it again where I was but
now I think we do it should situation
message in with it anyway you know one
there's he'll say you're fat you're
skinny one aren't you cold it was hot in
here not holds its bare on ask him
action one
Capt mr. Crabb I don't like it sir
Michael Davis I definitely don't hate it
we definitely don't regret it um I don't
like a famous and like honestly one do
recognize me I think it's very cool and
it makes me feel various good and I get
really happy and it's like everything
I've always wanted so it's really cool
if anything but I don't consider myself
a mess but like if any people know me
it's really cool when you I was doing
this really cool on I'm in it's more
like it you know it's awesome
I'm great idea and but no exact I'm at
then free Wi-Fi five six thousand four
make you baby favorite makeup brand Mac
awesome lol fi right you can leave a
fitness to me into like a muscle thing
I said look you got it going out front
hi anime I guess you go out roughly 2/3
by this this episode will be called tuna
tears and tortellini
looks like watching the guys who repent
as my wife girl was that was cured them
it's a teacher
yes cute I like to my bad I mean they
can see like I said I profess me once
you can see my body I don't we play
check people thank you guys for us pass
the virus you know I'm suggesting
excited for you every time you say
you said it's fine I can happen but not
sure yet you have seen I feel like I
should all along speak um see Jackson
500 bars and all that my boobs are just
like resting on tight
what are you watching you know something
yes I know people don't know a lot of
times we don't know ones they're like
you know it's always like whenever
descendants from like what do you do do
you want um hi Daddy my good happy it
was like 20 pounds each okay um would
you give up your blinders 19 songs
absolutely I would shave him I would
whatever anyone that I would do I was
gained by wonder pounds I would starve
myself to 90 pounds
Thank You Sandra I know I was terrible
to say but I love being with Thrones or
doing any benefit but a little too
modified as you know I mean I watch I
shall write note will run out any
scholars knee surgery mm-hmm
or a lip injection bulldoze America's
really Villopoto Jackson's Emilia Clarke
don't pay out of it so did you eat
already and I'm degree master chef in
corners and run tires thank you people
want to have fun yeah I'm gonna
half-hour if I write bees bees of my
life my nose if I multiply lose your
hair get phonetically J no I tremendous
run rampant thank you I'm hungry I suck
okay grandma my name is bored my hungry
or bored
give me yours are those your real teeth
are near the fuckin zombie I've been re
out here and I had braces nd
there's some great for good a little
we're using a job smoking their way to
creation with everything LEC
enough police is like man server it's
going to come back Dora I think it's so
hot usually reason what about me where
the food is that you miss it eat the
corn is it was it necessity
he says arrest the thief and to me think
you came a ticket back to the buzz
typically on natural sunny I used to
offer me that because I was like laying
on my face and everything else in flat
point 17 application people man content
just being on conduction I thank you so
much for beside some supplies
why did you take heart cuz it was a
season it was Thrones I thought was so
obvious and I thought you said that and
I felt like I mean it really obvious
so I guess mom okay
well I think always love it as well
death notices don't cry you're avoiding
I think substance it's a Michelle please
definite this oh look this is bad since
trying to guess with the flat side
except that message what to hug
depending positive I think you more an
unrealistic up here you're responding
happy to fluoride sweet love today don't
feel kissing again it did not see guys
like lower honest - Susan - um
everyone's I could you represent a
canary was he said yes exactly
like I was doing a lot of pulling the
conversation
you
because this couch is so comfy though a
little hard to want to leave it I should
own Giuliani same person right lean
muscle you ever question something
relatively risky a long hair and he
actually alright he'll be six foot three
and 210 Oh
don't worry I am I have a little cotton
I do love those cups you buy I just
wanted a video for these with pure a cup
this is not hashtag blocks I'm
accessible especially when you want
access on your period they work so great
if they stick it in there and hold your
blood while you have sex mmm oh I love
it
gotta go by just a song you should I
normal hair really think the way she
said died was the idea not be white yeah
like um was just like you should i what
would that is um you're glowing
I think it's nice for example thank you
oh let me look inside message Thank You
Jeremy be a number 1 p.m. is Mason fresh
8 3 1 6 7 4 mm why thank you
they produce on YouTube you're probably
right I don't know those copper I
favorite they all do you have any more
cookies left you a cookie no I said you
know what I didn't finish those ones or
there's nothing but bring a lot on
Father's Day and then twice a week
because you know when it was a
technology obviously I don't want to
sacrifice eating bad shit and I was like
not feeling me either just want her I do
have those
Oh win it oh my gosh I still have a
stays on and I should keep it on right
because when you got doing it you're
being a lot wow oh my god breaking off
just can't I see out there oh my god
this great handler that came off with my
pasties I had gone you know a nice old
lady horse heart video J I really have
flower like paleness around my boobs
with it really changing
oh thanks more we'd read an area for
having an arbitrary idea and never
destroy him I need my hair done that's
one thing I'm Lisa nutrition icon I love
you
and did you hook up with that girl
whether you guys laughs I know I didn't
even instantly talk to me honest to me
over great yup natural hair maybe like
here my after there's IKEA right now
when I was younger it was long you need
to hear have you have that Solaris mom
mommy oh yeah Oh where's one of the kid
um little little girl I had like lights
light here not like this color blonde
but it was like dirty blonde
there's only blonde on right Stefan got
brown eyes I got older thank you for
going for this house
where's the food I ate that own Chaney
sakura-san Pacific magazine note you
asking if you have to like this all the
time you can be ready by now we have
mostly tiredness and depression and
amassing a little out of it all the
other no gay jokes dancing so where is
the food in my stomach thanks Lauren
said is it it's in my belly corners and
letter that phones that huh oh yeah
aren't you see see I am a little sleepy
where are going device successful the
attitude seen with roads are Hamilton
you know I go through a because you know
this obsessions and phases but right now
definitely game with room and I think
overall property with Rome's but I do
love never socially cool and so my
sudden
Game of Thrones parody musical on
YouTube I am yeah like it really
commemoration of everything I love you
guys Big Brother as it started
we'll start it back yet a gorgeous gotta
see which is AB supported single so
sweet so some of the draw
please use hair is amazing amazing
stylist named Simeon she's fucking
amazing a kite there thank you kuzey one
since my what here we can Plan C now and
here starts Ben hi do you watch a lot of
other youtubers you go to finance I just
eating show today and I was talking I
went through all like if he was being
subscribed AC didn't see that video I
was like I'm scared to laugh before I
don't watch a lot of people did you
answer one no no I let them turn my fat
into it I don't need like you know
forced to hang out is acquiring a cop
know if I think you have a thousand like
it's like the baby corn baby corn I'll
show you let's just make it it's just a
little platform actually that right oh
wow kinda have it for a minute I'll flip
my brother Marik where's Peter this is
about five minutes so make it let's make
it well cook one you know have a little
chat get the guys in the house back if
not we'll just do some screws after
oh speaking of Union for example are
just getting watering up and even having
whatever you want if you say you can say
I have a good plan we got realistic
sounds with these bars Martha Oh
let's start us out I'll all the moms are
H this is my mine
guess he's done talking to me okay yes I
guess so yes Tom can you say happy
Ramadan to your mouth old man happy
times I'm a little bit less fly
musically seen a lot of Easter Wiccan
may respond at the moment
take my do should miss Knowles on I'm so
pleased everything Thank You RL Queen
for the bars love you love you soon
favorite dessert and cookie fool wait
for there guys as I'm eating butter corn
hahaha perfect
please me that
many times of something any male
frightened meet up knowing many ones
with don't respond yeah that's it I
asked my buddy
we're waiting on - that was like exactly
and he's above us he's wet whatever I
don't really not she
he's definitely wasn't honestly really I
got it Alissa's even keep it a thousand
bars just like either we're not dating
for penetrated jumper although I saw
secretly I should go to bed
I am we have to warn and I'm gonna lay
my buy now and I'm going to CPC do when
you're at that Hut Japanese Pam Anderson
Thank You dirty now yes at 101 so that
notices me here um no I wouldn't blame
her and re so damaged without having to
put color on top of it you're annoying
oh okay sorry yes here what she's
normally on something no no no I don't
owe me I know I if I don't have people
know who I was my only happiness oh do
like validation in life that I need to
sure the boxes glad bitch can't pop you
watching this outfit if you want one 104
no mushy really good I'm really excited
one way that once all that's done bitch
going to need another Fork my trash Fork
I'm just watching the other day
yeah let that advice out on a narrator
if he does you know xenon corn oh good
hot don't worry if I cannot kill a
dragon yell now without bladder in there
whoa
so guys was ready I don't even know
can I let that melt in there for my hand
mmm
truth or dare
like right here okay
what we want to do I think this game I
hereby love it thank you Chris 500 mix
it all around uh did you want me to talk
a stationary
not a pleasant every way I possibly oh
and I was gonna be hard
Tricia's that f40 some strippers are too
sweet to making recently I've been
watching the beginning
thanks Melanie was a very beginning in
my youtube life or beginning of this
plastic arts process write a saga that
will appear with a life is wallowing for
out of it
you hit dis recursion no food
I'm just hard to do on my own it was in
a relationship pressing house at the
time so I wasn't let me do it we're
gonna get a podcast hmm
that was a text not finger Jurgen no
answered email who's that haha so cute
meeting my heart for mr. Graham Nautilus
Empty Quarter disease I just used a kit
which is nut butter basic
they seem to my mom dug by the bottom
bars have you ever gone the guy no no
runs a Dom I see the said ha did you go
to college and not do regret not going I
went on not to college I never got
enough only I absolutely hear it was
awesome most miserable creatures ever I
dropped that flies I couldn't do it I
hate corn but I love you don't like us
on OK but up up you like the inside not
I need for but Oh from rent I'm taking
your leave what's a 15 yet anyone else
mm-hmm Reza is why can I think thinking
Ryan for the thousand bars oh I think
that's no one tell us in the comments
fighting over it I hate mice I love you
what do is not you come to baby so the
guy is this girl satisfied you have
tried but no couple not you're one lucky
baby take me for what I am
who loves miss Abby and if you give us
now thank you baby
what do you mean you're going to eat
strawberry syrup Rick stop stop
Lisa and what we saw so much thank you
for Johnson for the French in your class
I want to serve you how to 9:30 on a
Friday supper getting either I always
active aside form
we're in Hamilton our how to my Bethany
full of our time oh great yeah Hamilton
is fuckin breathtaking thank you boo
vowel 4,000 bars mm cut a fabric drink
this is unsweetened with us like and I'm
having a brain fart sorry a green tea
venti iced green tea monkey with no
water splash of lemonade on Queens that
was my tender you guys right you guys
get nervous I was getting nervous to see
what they say after that one applause
cuz I never saw back Thank You Jake 702
don't answer answer so there's been a
mix mixing no cure
did you just see kids again student
sorry yesterday
I'm tired good night possible event
Pacific a night thank you James lifers
on Mars and go out so if this Turner
Masterson
he said we should definitely nap we can
knock it off we can not get off the
couch together wait we should definitely
up we can not get off the couch together
honey use our muscle girls normally you
know I'm talking multiple people talking
to 1000 order people right now instead
he's saying he'll chill with you you can
sit on top together okay he's like right
I just get nervous for a couple reasons
not it's more like what if they don't
like me or my vibe
Thank You Maddie 4,000 bars you what I'm
saying hang on the press if you use 6-3
and 210 pounds I'm just a if you said
right Thank You play V for the song
rifle with us a you're a young wild and
free me in a mutual at first users just
meet for coffee we have to go to a bar
it's like 9:30 are now complex will
closer to a shower and chip who they're
really nice area go to bar you maybe ml
an ocelot action
mmm games on but it's quite times work
with an address might be working up out
go to ashram quote of our young anymore
Jim if you want to meet you guys get off
that hat for at least a minute before we
couch and show my lab so the absences
lab is more comfortable about specific
piece to trickle it is for life
not good girl slutty church would be all
about that actually drive so so
superficial for me I'm and you know what
kinda car seat
you should you have to rip out my liver
is really dark
I haven't Christmas lights Thank You
principal for the thousand bar sweat
it's really dark Amir do you and like me
I don't like to be able to play I move
too much you think was just so dark and
weird I try mate fuzzy but she didn't
have to knowledge Mjolnir
I won't lie to you now I was talking to
you guys
I get like instant reactions and
communications it was a pretty nice
little apartment bringing to your hasn't
happened on you not with you I don't
think I wouldn't feed him to the Sharks
quite yeah dance you still in Richard
took a break let's go what about love I
mean all day so I do my boyfriend just
ate corn all you did so I said his corn
smelled good LM he probably does let's
go and buy some ultra so good is my
farmville sexual house like as you're
watching you're on a Friday night and be
happy do it there on Saturday um no I
get Lulu house you know I am okay I
didn't date
alright go on turn reduces guys I have
is a good job like I use another
Instagram profile with FaceTime or
something first
Thank You money mm bar so um no maybe I
should be more spherical I'm gonna have
fun be safe please you look maybe Sophia
further down bar huh I'm I think ladies
and thank you
by the video people moving their shit
and yeah well that could cause of much
controversy gay girl no - buddy where do
your son I didn't
we'll see what I feel life after it uses
turn she's actually a sea goddess we
have time for the press I'm not in my
ocean Thank You Omar over the 500 bars
say the last thing let me - sexual with
that one asked me to come cuddle with
him I talk about it in a video I feel
Jay I am one I'm not alone
what does that bullshit is that you're
much happier when you want to eat that
was a different time in my life you know
friend wise boyfriend wife I'm younger
I'm more energy more dishes I had as
much stress bar bills and overhead Kayla
out a lot out more now which is like
stressful for me a simpler life all and
I'm working on it little by little
you're here she'll show you three things
I kinda want to go out disclose like
when you're how much good oh the fishies
not started right here's like two shirts
women in here as well wait popular Elton
oh my god that I want to cuddle at 8
a.m. to set by the pool glasses get a
fool earlier because I want to just live
out with us
I wait all my tinder boy has
demonstrated I am gonna go rushing back
thank you guys so much for spending a
little bit of your Friday night with me
it makes me feel a little better I have
until in a better mood speaks to you
guys here's no sir out like ears
never a belly spoiled my heart is full
and I would say so much so and I got him
down
hi I'm saying hi sorry I'm under
probably hi guys ashley said I won't be
high so - let me - Bridget good night
good night Vanessa three times 4,000
bars love you guys have a good night
Julia I juice all the time my old
Electra love you Katie I'm 98 in my mg
mg by Sugarfoot but let me know Thank
You Taylor 4,000 bars I love you good
night good night good night Sierra all
think - second ones has more fencing
are you still alive I'm about to get off
so I love you guidance trying to save I
never won by less whiskey marzio be
night therapy your Starbucks trick
ordered and before you go um iced green
tea event c-note water splash of
lemonade and see and um night see
princess I will give you guys an update
I'll probably do a live tour tomorrow so
if you guys an update egg well um what
about - I'm sure I'm gonna send a lot of
customers trim so I'll make up my name
estrellas I will be doing some lesson
I'll see you soon okay thank you can job
