hey guys what's up new blog some logs a
minute
got a new prayers screams faculty don't
get my nails on in my pijama than where
we were in our cameras or guys they
match I shave and shower at will
actually if I'm end of the day it's like
6:30 right now but I did a live show
with you guys I may be now is I get up I
lollygag and look at game Thrones videos
and America's Got Talent
videos on YouTube and then answer emails
and then I go work out for two hours and
then I eat dinner and I talk to you guys
for two hours on you now and then I do
my errands so that's it Aaron started a
um would you buy be like a to date blog
because I'm not really doing that much
other than genius right here tonight but
yeah I'm shave a shower before I'm is
right here call me happening pet peeve
and the slanted line I'm gonna start off
on a negative template click implied it
when I was like turning right and look
I'll admit I wasn't a crosswalk and like
I wasn't I did purposely like I was
trying to turn right and cars just kept
flying like my turn might the one where
I was about to turn like someone cut in
front of me I couldn't turn so I'm stuck
in the fucking Hill the crosswalk well
the dumb bitch was being so fucking rude
she wouldn't go behind me or in front of
the car cuz I was in the middle I
fucking big-ass I'm not just in car I
get it and I was a high percent in the
wrong but it's like okay well I'm in the
wrong I can't move I said if I go back
and hit people crossing behind me they
go forward I could hit the cars
take back consider who's always earned
his living where I live it's like
progression everywhere park in a parking
lot but she literally was just standing
for a messenger sizes and yelling at me
Tommy huh what an idiot I am
there's if you're in a fucking cross
club people need a fucking cross how am
I supposed to fucking cross so I'm like
trying to ignore her and like looking
into her eyes I was looking left you
know perhaps from left I was looking
this way she's like yelling but I'm
ignoring her because I just it's called
so much connotation and I am like I
can't go back there there's people
crossing behind me in the crosswalk if
we get them in the middle of something
crosswalk with a fucking idiot
I get it lady but what are you cussing
at me and yelling at me like that's what
I don't understand is everything
arguments whatever you cussing and
calling people names no matter what the
problem is there isn't an out that's
fine with a bad temper and batting a
problem like rest of it up that
situation like that only makes things
worse and it escalated things heat
things in and this is an older lady
I like changes I want them diffident
story she goes around like you think
I'll just girls like when you're on
those fucking people going around the
car that was far enough up on the
crosswalk for that is make more sense
happens around she comes on the side my
window side like right here and thrust
like yelling at me here like in my face
and I have to look that way because like
I'm trying to turn it was so fucking
scary I thought but honestly she had so
much anger for me for being in the
really crosswalk it just
it ruined your day ones I'm yelled at
you like that like you know their ideas
in the world like myself oh my godness
we feel like a lot but announced you but
you have to live amongst these idiots
and cohabitate with them there's only
two plots and no one to take I just wear
my day we have a general my days diamond
some amazing amazing drag queen here on
YouTube he has a beard pink eyebrows
blond hair and I love him because
America's Got Talent so I found him cuz
I went to breakfast at hot auditions all
day he's awesome he made me laugh I put
on my Instagram story on taking to my
Instagram story underneath here she's so
fucking funny so just couple when I want
you now that we're seeing it was they
were so good
hi this was incompletely nigga not in
stuff Oh King cover he was so funny he
was just the way he delivers his jokes
like I could tell you his jokes and they
just want to sleep that up scare me in
the target parking lot turn my day
around watch my videos I always be such
an ass about the place
going off the elevator microservice
we're such a lie things are out Wilson
say is so cute
Rebecca Minkoff knockoff loved it all
these cute I have loved you out of
things Jeremy I misses his story real
quick and the movie most awful person
which I made my day
I was like oh I don't wish you guys like
you people like you watch my videos so
what you're good-looking like maybe 35
to 40 is old man I'm like usually
they're like girls they're like Jesus oh
but you could be gay I don't know I just
mean by gay like this I was being so
awkward he felt like I was but she was
owes me anything as beautiful out of it
thank you and it's been funny with em
every day I don't even go in this minute
I want to buy something because I get
cash back to my nails and for parking
lot somewhere a quick little stop cause
I wanna get Starbucks I mean so 82 km
okay should not be too often
so concealed phone that nine zeros I
need to love it's like any a hole in the
fuckin head
they're really cute
thank you
I lightweight Oh like this
you got marriages toreador these distort
things
dude that make you buy anything gonna
you know who I am
you're selfish you get to drink so I got
to drink until really thirsty
nothing else oh by the way
because we can again and I go definitely
Sania tlq coming up I realize I don't
have a coverage but I can't afford
clothes that you winner of you in a
public company is going and the girls
mean why should Trish really
yeah sorry LM crazy brother finish back
literally could be more annoying nothing
wants to know my ways
7:40 every Neil place closes at 8:00
I would love life to just be easy
it used to be easy Huck it used to be
easy I thought it was hard
oh my god this person is going legit the
wrong way use dumb fucking piece of shit
added if it doesn't square people coming
out then that was least stupid
going down a long ways open a long way
that's just dangerous okay anyways it's
just so annoying uglier story it's not
that it's not a big deal and it's like
so it's so so stupid to play about but
you guys it is more annoying because
having no so basically long story short
veil plays just got like all fucking new
colors they ditched all their old colors
all their nail color collection and I
love this place so much and I actually
it's kind of further from a person a
dinner still plays like it's just
comfortable it's fine like you know
uneasy
please
musical for tomorrow oh shit my
suggesting that probably happen I need
wishes yeah I'm like about the SEC so I
was gonna try to place your house but
it's sort of a it's one of those Vietnam
it's about the work return
for me my toe I say I'm Peter toes came
so much it looks so bad I think when
ivana toes close to she did the full
pedicure hmm but here's me which is
probably a sign I guess
it's important my point was at seven I
lost well I lost it like some 35 because
when she finished reading here there was
nobody there just doing hills I made the
appointment everything which is also
very frustrating like so saya saya even
worse to have with my nails only shave
down I know is it like so stupid it's
like not like who fucking complains
about shit like this and she's annoying
I'm going to ofc these ugly-ass
toes I mean I sprayed tonight and why
that's crucial be part of here before
the spray can is because easy I get a
pedicure outdoors right hand it will
exfoliate I'll spray up can't offer you
so I can't go get another pedicure
tomorrow like the only thing to do is
obviously get my nails done and like ask
them to put polish on my toes which I
don't know I don't know what even do
that I guess I can just ask that I would
be like hey I just got stuck here so I'm
going to go work out tomorrow might be
differently more fucked up I'm so
annoyed I was ugly that so now
it's not a big deal like it's not I
don't know why I'm like that's like
Chicago's there's so many other fucking
things to worry about it
so stuff like this makes me so like it
puts me on edge for now I'm like I'm
fucking weird Oh see about on painted
toes I'd already know applause for my
house I guess will you go get some
silver insisted on that tartar sauce
silver sparkly knowledge
okay right okay everything's okay -
fucking under the world bitch mmm so
okay well that was that really exciting
would I pay for anyways obviously
because I was going to don't like I was
like really
fuck you I'm say I didn't tip because
like should I have I get that because
like based on how they changed all the
colors they literally had a wheel of
like ten colors to choose from and they
were the ugly I was you know what to
register stuff that was good something I
chose
they were the ugliest color there ever a
scene like I'm doing a little bitch I'm
sorry just like nothing is going right
anymore in I just there's 15 minutes
until 8 o'clock
and you know
Game of Thrones final whistle such an
exciting blog as you my really hard to
keep turning my day is around
know them
thank where she's got more now
culture means I can see a city which I
just want stuff myself oh hey guys
I'll sterilize you know I got the ugly
toes I'm sure you guys think ice can
score with me you know how like
frustrating is if anyone saw my hose I'd
die poor girl or anyone because you were
discussing business there is something
about on Venuto is a fucking driving
that I don't know what it is
I just hate it so much it's probably
like my biggest pet peeve other than
flaking other than people being fucking
flaky like flaky within the 20 minutes
that they're gonna meet you like that
flaky like I said I can deal with
someone canceling on me day of if it's
like five hours before or the day before
whatever or they just keep scared
playing again you know I get it I'm
fucking that bitch chill music I'm done
printing for now what was my dream car
you see
she's like she's this girl Angeline she
like cells like merchandise out of the
back of her fur but she's had that thing
for about seems like the 80s super
grand-bassam like I need to catch it I
see her all the time at La where I want
the pink cars do you see how frickin
ugly my CR without polish like looking
at that like me can feel like I'm
looking at like a man's foot not that
men's feet are like gross but it's just
not me see and we can feel really
disgusting and I hate them so much and
now I'm gonna make popcorn because I'm
sad and I'm seriously just like a mess
like I don't know what's wrong with my
life and be honest shit wrong but
obviously oh my god my life my way
that's hot porn favorite route to home
this may be a blog onto itself
and I just need to do nice as a video
Oh
ah
throughout the NZ Monica
all right here is all created by Tom for
Votto on my popcorn for this vlog to
make it really exciting
I just dropped this camera and I really
I push something I really wish to delete
everything because it's for that soil is
like so that was leading everything
which would be awesome to be great
actually
so delete average but it should I shot
on the same team um okay that one we
like pop we're gonna burn can you cut
metal into a measuring cup in there I
start working
ha ha my life is going right now I think
that analysis for the floor at five euro
Quinn
I purposely model thing and I wasn't
really around or what it meant to be
host a measuring cup us you check the
anything I don't know probably they were
having a bad day just think of beyond
getting castrated by Ramsey if you're
having a massive penis in a massive
erection I'm I think this and I watch
the team also I can start feeling better
about my own life Oh
Hawthorne is done
watching that I can see ma make you feel
ten times better about our relationship
with my parents as Farrah and her is
like such a fucking bitch to hurt amber
and Matt McQueen's not want to be in a
relationship maybe with everything going
for her like so unmotivated asleep and
since you're the one Oh
Caitlyn sighs Caitlyn and Tyler they
make me glad I live in California I know
that sounds bad
I'm sure there's similar reasons why
everyone watches my videos and then
we'll have nothing like just to see how
together we are for watching on this
trip okay I'm gonna go on computer parts
medicine right
and my favorite little stress reliever
feel like that serving ice cream bar
through it so now I have up to me all
salons tomorrow
help it it's focusing on my computer and
it doesn't depend on attending about
that I want you to stress to the content
on YouTube I'm going to watch some
YouTube videos so shallow snack food
went on Tom Mullen well mmm
so Bob put me in a little bit of a
better mood PMS braid on um I'm gonna go
to bed because I'm tired I gotta get
early cuz I have to work out early in
the morning tomorrow because I have a
series of three appointments I gotta get
to all meat and stuff which is a
maintenance day tomorrow it's very
exciting so I'll probably just cut this
vlog here so I can maybe edit tonight a
little bit or tomorrow morning um when a
after my shower sorry it's like honest
okay fucking hate this camera I was
wounded warriors brothers oh by the way
side note someone was like a lot more
not alive well I think it's one person
making like three accounts asking about
my biopsy um that I had talked about
that there was like I wish I could lift
up my shirt because where my incision is
from my breast lift is where there's
like a really big lump that you can't
really see but you can see it kind of
hardened and but for anyone I'm um
anyway sorry I was texting my spring
hair girl um I'll see interesting that
would be something I don't fuck me why
about so like I suck any people that
like say that shit or imply that shit a
weapon tip your and biopsy first of all
I have got it done but even if I did
it's none of your fucking business what
does something fucking crazy yeah but
there are some shoot crazy shit that has
happened to me in my past that I would
never fucking talk about because it's so
fucking personal and it's so fucking
depressing and awful like I would never
talk
but it's also like none of your goddamn
business like Jesus people are just so
fucking she's lying about that o against
how I lied about your fucking like slump
I like bitch you like is it does it come
to the point where like oh I have to
record my conversation to my doctor and
you want me to fucking to show you my
kit when I'm going to get a pocket
x-rays like fuck you
and no I have not yet go get without see
it's fucking scariest but I pushed it
out I shouldn't do this it took me years
to get tested for teen cancer and when I
did the fucking result fucking destroy
me for a very long time and it's
something after mentally prepare for it
so fuck you for telling someone to have
to like do it I have to say it you have
to report fucking me oh it's something
I'll sorry get mad like that's going to
be off like people just are so like
entitled like it just illustrating its
the same girl always talks to me about
how I'm not a real Christian my Jesus
doesn't love me like I'm pretty sure she
just definitely doesn't judge anyone
like at all there's grace there's oh
fucking I mean oh my god I want to like
seriously these people you just want to
shake them and be like are you like
honestly there's something like you know
I have a lot of like mental health
things but like there's something like
mentally off with like there's like
retardation or something and they're not
a bad way there's something that like
they're not like you know mean like I
have a lot of like emotional problems
and stuff but that's like something
wired wrong like they're are not in the
real world and I also want a highly
function and like it's just as sad but
also scary for me because they follow me
and they're so obsessive and weird and
like every single TweetDeck to be
hateful and I think they know everything
and they stay implied something you know
me and it's like there is it a scary
thing when someone's like that mentally
off you know what I mean and that's
something where someone needs to get
some serious serious help because like
my mental health issues I need help for
but at the ends a affecting me like the
people in my way so far these people are
with a fucking strangers lives making up
shit like just it's really irreparable
harm they're doing to people's careers
and names and stuff like that and also
just their lives and like whether you're
known figure or not you know what I mean
but anyways iron off a tangent this
lighting is sucks I'm sorry when I've
messed banana in the morning and I gotta
work out so some a cute little outfit of
the night it's so sexy no one about I
love you guys I'll see you soon I'm good
like beautiful all be two thumbs up the
videos right now here my kitties a
little bit mmm bye guys
