oh really I'm buddies watching me you
mean my bestie I love dinner I'm really
thirsty I'm also really tired as well
but yet I still have yet to work out
follow me on instagram you'll see this
little quirk that later I say that I
ever run out late lately like until the
gym closes because I can't let you see I
can't this is when I don't be on I get
freakin lazy wide - so I'm I just
ordered some chicken pita I didn't just
order it I actually ordered it a little
bit about what is on this plane here
should be here in about 15 to 20 minutes
she still have time to get y'all Urian
fishes I am just a mess
hi clean hi babe hey everybody I'm sorry
please stick touring the whole chat
we're back in the kitchen where I eat
stop eating know what's what I do I
can't stop without I am done meeting
today but whatever I just ate and it was
like a tea early in Africa it's not
early where i holler at to shake lamb
tail
hey everyone sup y'all the options I
have no hair that's okay
I look great the end here this morning I
don't have her dad check it out I'm
going to go work out and I'm actually in
the leg workout workout I gotta hunch is
just call me oh I'm like and I was I was
a friend of mine who um I don't like
waiting stuff because I need to wait but
I am ready cardio sweat I have to this
is my first time I mean I'm so sad
welcome I stood KitchenAid vs. Ari Thank
You Ruby J for the 50 bomb I didn't
watch immune out all day this is
unhealthy fucking sick a set up session
that is honestly like I got like nothing
done today would you wide now I have to
go out after I eat and everything I mean
make sorry about 6:30 at his gym like
three hours which does eat and digest
includes everything cuz um I have been
just a lazy fucking bitch all day which
can happen morrow I have so many fucking
like errands turn tomorrow Thursday so
okay like I have to just make work out
in the morning and we did it over if I
can make had the energies of the day and
then when I come home I was a good girl
and I wasn't done that I'm in a hole and
do either you now are watching us I've
been watching you now all day I like to
be here this morning I was walking that
jury support one ezm thing which was
like a fucking shit chef hmm I don't
need to get on you know they're bad guys
they're both scare me in more ways I had
to get why people watch me because
they're like you always they're like oh
these people better about my own style
and not as crazy as you and I totally
get back because someone's they watch me
crazy or fucking and me more man I
should mean I'm like makes me feel
blenheim I got
sacred art in that pumpkin ah hi amber
lynn um
I'd be willing were here whatever would
say the homeless agency was Shady
I don't even know I'm really new I love
being on over here honestly people shoot
me I really don't care I like you know
is whatever I was working I can be Shady
I'm not me no like I think people will
sometimes say they're appreciating when
noticing apples let me show you bit fun
tongue-in-cheek or whatever so she would
not say shaking she wasn't she not feed
you okay so much like tweeted me she
likes reading my tweets or something and
I can walk away I don't know I don't
care I love her like any good fuck she's
doing turn the fucking Don Klein myself
looking like me maybe even done for the
thousand bars as Buffalo and watched
you're a buffalo who food I'm gonna have
so much fun back enjoy get you a hat I
was really good and chicken I thought
about fitting hand express itself
probably get some time this week but I
got Fried Chicken and I'm really excited
about it and it's a great minutes away
which means seven minutes because you
forever to find my um to be ready for a
eating show with my weight so can eat
eatery here house in Japan I had my
breakfast hello konichiwa uh curricula
uh Domo Domo don't want for tummy I'm
drinking water hoping that I don't know
sometimes any spray water which is suing
my that's what happens when you're
fucking old Oh everyone is here what's
up that's exciting
okay cool um hey from Atlanta Georgia
what's up when you hang out with Drew um
his birthday is Friday I think we have
VidCon this weekend and I'm deaf we're
not going to come Big John it's like she
gives me so much anxiety not because I
like people that I would meet there are
people I want to meet but it's more like
there's so many creators so many
consumers like it just seems so
overwhelming and always so unorganized
always you like horror stories off the
con from creators and consumers and
viewers and everything like they're just
like it's so unorganized and it's just
organized chaos and I'm like that sounds
terrible
what are you eating I'm gonna have
ah chicken this yes I have hikers I hope
they have this order right sometimes to
order from here and I hate grocery to it
like this line creating more than
anything you something about this so
interesting and I always you know Grady
with some crazy on it I simply cannot
ease gravy I cannot I can't really just
discussing a throwaway tapping on the
hater is here and not have talking later
when does the war be deaf and help pilot
come out I want it
I'm never bought and walking around
alive to buy that diamond brush from
morphe designer brushes at Jack we're
gonna be Jeff and help remote outside
and after the pallet with um moorthi and
I want it and I'm gonna talk about them
more if you can't tomorrow idiot
but is it anywhere listening for it but
themselves out squirrel I mean YouTube
were fucking
I want my YouTube her where's my pal you
know like I just don't buy it will it
sell out I'm actually that use when
Thank You dragons and back I'm going to
fight a bit ago I love you cherish mmm
she decision made by 33 the whole thing
she could she is making progress
I'm glad to meet you progress and that
breaks my heart
but back to be the base you do not
decision see to new people I uh but you
know see if you online I don't like I
don't side with anybody I don't know
these people but when people debate each
other argue each other like and you're
trying to come across as intelligent I
know this firsthand because I used to be
a cluster and a swear I never call
people names are we saw their looks but
when you clash for me swear when you
make fun of people's like look it shows
such a strong lack of intelligence you
know what I mean why you don't look
smart like if you have to resort to
hollingsworth fat ugly what is leverage
I see hand our weakness whatever that is
like it just makes you look super until
it like you don't have an argument like
you're obviously an idiot same thing if
you're constantly manic so I've watching
this debate you can use to people and I
feel it again I don't want the drama but
that's my fridge
but I it was entertaining I didn't even
talk about this with it yeah mm-hmm
whatever if you're gonna eat I'm going
to eat but I'm gonna eat fish in the
loving hair by the way if you're new
here all right like there's my common
bitch comes from the devil you usually
have a story of you actually nothing oh
I don't mean like why I'm like trying to
win like someone disagrees with me or
like you're having um like a
disagreement or like an argument or
something like I feel like that it's
wrong yes yeah I'm funny
across all the fucking time I'm Taylor
in that sense but I really really really
try not to do it when I argue with
people until it's crazy extreme is Soula
it is this is always a good time I feel
I feel like East Coast at 6:30 like
email before like why I'm down today for
me it's still not midday but still kind
of the day um which I when I was with
the cage and tomorrow and Thursday if I
do livestream it'll probably be later
amazing suffice um I waited all day
watching you youtube videos about stuff
I don't even know about jeffree star I
don't you know usually would you're sure
I don't I don't dislike him I don't like
him I don't know anything about him I
don't and not the don't care that they
don't care around with a human being
here arrives and zebras don't you know
to me yeah I watched Elsa Frankish I
never know who was something about
inside I remember we talked about I was
at Kansai and Jake's homeless normal
babies people are but yet I watch it I
consume it I almost feel like I'm
wasting life would I do that and not in
a bad way I'm like let's GE get out and
because I didn't get out of my house
today I'm doing that so I'm definitely
out tonight it was just one of those day
days was one of those days in your life
what are you going to know if you
consider visiting to buy it and you know
what oh I'm right this is it we're gonna
think oh I mean I do eat a lot so Haley
I have a needle I use don't need much
I've been eating
lately but wait what a lot of people
don't know is I don't usually eat late
if I eat late it's gonna happen to eat
all day but I stop eating I try to stop
eating around like five o'clock I mean I
shouldn't say that but you know I didn't
like laughs Daniel if I haven't faced
tonight it would be like popcorn if I
did I don't know what I have been like
in video a holiday Isis is consuming
Internet and social media looks all day
mounted up in a dark room upstairs it
was very specific yeah I'm gonna go get
some workout clothes on who want to be
management integrated the medium was
that that's what he wants and provoke so
there was a moderated moderator who
shouldn't have not so he ended would
have been the shittiest moderator he
obviously really hated this person in
the debate and he just went off and at
first he was really clone Clinton
doesn't hate this guy's cool cuz he's
making this other guy look silly because
I suppose people want they want you to
go off and I don't know you know what I
mean I don't really that was nice it
wasn't match but I was let here on on
you know um no um yeah the only sense of
circle things what we're talking about
yeah it was weird and he was really so
mean to the point it really
uncomfortable when which is what
attacked me like that like he wasn't
happy I understand like it was really
touched my parents and classes that meet
like non-stop which it is like it's
really uncomfortable she was kind of
scared operator safety we want to just
other people even more it's a cool ship
to see like psychotic for like people to
see on top of that like you know II mean
it was really scary to watch and then
she was just you know she was just all
over the place I see so Janna and that's
not like it really is any drama I just I
don't know if she was on edge she's a
big night for me I I just don't know
yelling and screaming at me but he was
being so ruthless about boys she looks
and
and three unnecessary I hate ones who
want to be people again I said this
before
Oh Thank You Kristin for to find
homework I love another 5,000 bars I was
like a mutiny dance
Oh awesome the University dance ha ha ha
um Thank You Jordan from sobs like mmm
look at that say whatever Oh does see
what happens was I want a little streaks
we hex beginning here shaky-shaky
reunion you shake thank you do you do we
Barbie for the pacifier um and I still
don't for a thousand bars
I'm appreciate it ah just be nice I just
I hate my heart hurts so much when
people are just mean about people's
appearance or their lifestyle or yep
talking about her lack of money or
calling or idiot LSS like Oh heart so
hard it's just like this world is so
fucking hard enough each individual
person is hard on himself
I don't care who you are everybody is
too hard on themselves babes me included
everyone is so fucking hard on
themselves with the way they look the
way they asks and money with their
pretend it's the world with their
presenting in their real life it is so
fucking hard as you guys know I fucking
breakdown over all the time this world
is hard and we're hard on ourselves why
can we need other people to be hard on
us but we know the world and Oscar
ourselves are enough on us you know
Thank You Tammy for the thousand bars in
Berlin sent us on our broadcast oh girl
I honestly I never know who's honors
like I come on um oh um Hershey's Pete I
want to know what you send out yes great
I was like it wasn't like everywhere
like two or three messages it's like no
food the food is like here within
seconds I'm sure the door was gonna ring
and I'm gonna get scared because that
was it scared you I'm expecting people
the doorbell just scares me do an ASMR
marketing
ah
oh yeah
all right guys stop for eating I'm going
to do another drink while it was he was
kale
quasi Vitamix eels bar with you but
could you imagine
I got sponsored repla I wasn't eating so
much tourney by Jose Jose getting
sponsor each time second wish
it's not the timetable sorry Sudha set
of stairs well looks like an Assessor
surplus right um you need to come to
Dubai I won't be putting the
interventricular that we a long long
journey there isn't a speculum Thank You
Riley for the found bicycles corn bread
with a Aqaba heat up I love warm for
that it's so good on the butter melt I
don't get crazy out of the good really
fat Wow no gravy I'm giving him extra
mom you look so good mom thank baby a
new daughter
we're seeking my mom or whoever hey mom
we're doing your life drugs when I come
watch the arrow swimsuit but alright
don't watch them oh no they messed up
though they gave me two mac and cheese I
want to say
okay to manager you what the hell
we're le aegis to record is too much
exactly from oil field I don't want to
potatoes though and then see when I
don't even know all right yeah nothing
she's oh this is kind of a trifle don't
home today mr. scales they must looking
out I have to no gravy
removing that metal potatoes really bad
I know what is that green stuff
oh we're out we're good
oh I can't move that while ie is that
weird
likewise our brain stuff in here
ah listen yeah hmm
what manatees got adult whatever my
co-operate agree hey I three parsley a
long moving awesome Thank You Taylor for
the 500 bars I'm not a sad about
potatoes y'all try postmates some KFC
galas bring don't freak me out I want ya
oh the actual trick potatoes are that
like too much so I swear to goodness to
chance a foreign sounds solo which it in
right now and I can even see stage I
don't know sounds weird but what what
Thank You Katelyn for the 500 bars order
some potatoes I kind of want here but
we'd have to wait with another half-hour
to use potatoes and I think the chicken
now just it's the life of a youtuber and
I'm looking I'm not puttin do it closely
you have bad influences
I might do it y'all the rap magic a
jewelers in like surprise maybe in
somewhere just get corn and potatoes
Thank You Shannon for some bark elope if
you help with cookies but it's close to
me it's right down the street it
shouldn't take so long and I recently
Jack I don't need this get sighs I don't
form up at the individual mashed
potatoes and gravy I'm crazy on the side
which I think there you have on the side
but I kind of work with you but do they
have just a single cookie you think it's
wild Huggies and I get 12 or just eat
one or two okay thanks mate again tails
are covered and I got chicken which is
so cross the mortar oh shut down that
Cheyenne or Holman could do that can you
do a seal Sookie computer see that's the
weird thing
oh no sorry bit excessive anyways
whatever doesn't matter I was going to
share I just when I wrote at work I have
real life friends that could share to
cook you with when I don't this is
something well done chicken I like it
well done
hey cuz rising efficient for thing I
like dry chicken so imperious with that
drink tastes like this is just like
fruity water but it's good
clinking Michelle took a thousand bars
what is your major look for I am regular
water I see trying to kind of get you
but I'm the IP all day and I'm having a
weird day I'm going on weird even whole
time you're nothing today
I hate your nothing I never want a bit
sauna season and I don't know why bring
it up are we doing a shuffle
I just I'm scary story not a horse or
like people dying at the time but just
be careful it's like Rao's a lot of
random people a lot of predators protect
yourself
thank you making research on mark I'm on
medication that manger is my sense of
taste so thank you to this that's
obviously is so sad means one Santa
Monica so sad I can Android food I love
Lisa soup so much awesome it's Masada
I'm sorry but if you meant that
sincerely and glad I can do these eating
shows because it is really good for what
it was why is this so hard to cut those
deals you did me dirty today you can we
wet at mac and cheese to pay your
chicken is really greasy Thank You old
air for the thousand lines I can't use
all those diversity I didn't your skin
so clear I'm not funny I'm watching old
videos of my comics is always a saying
but um I haven't cause is amazing I went
to a dermatologist I know that's the
successful secret I found with the oh no
shit Sherlock but I never never really
went to dermatologist is one time to get
you know my body check out not my face
though I drink more water vitamins but
also I'm in a skincare regime laser
you're supposed to change up your
skincare like every few months or you're
your own we call it your skin gets used
to it even in something on Isis and up
for your ears seeing is like custom to
it singing Courtney could smell bars and
even helped me during dinner Omaha's
networking thank you thank you guys um
Jersey Mike's times E is your ear - not
like you and I hide them like if I so
bored of me and makes you to see my face
but it's nice I don't know
it's cool just with a different
interaction Minister we move on which
I'll still do when it's a lot more
casual to like all the stuff with those
not arrives items in an hour
but Thank You Alan fair for the South
life but it's just like cool like see
you know what you're gonna you're gonna
ask questions I do long as we don't ask
questions industry Thomas with pepper
but maybe I do I find you a welcome what
was your day to see you today easy I'm
so funny so that guy that was just at
the morning date with you know what I
got a little bored was like hey sorry
just seeing these I just play it off
super cool like I wasn't this so I
really had a guy who watch my videos and
if he doesn't try and annoy me I was
brought in because he cleans to just be
in this world to school whatever let's
see this chicken right here alright so I
did hack them on Venegas Auggie's like
I'm around to be open whatever lover
okay
that one I really like her about oh it's
our marriage it 550 money are you and
Colleen friends yes we are you ever cook
I just love this morning on
you look good in blue thing you ever
want to change things like days between
daughters can say I am 101 you got it
Tommy I'm hearing yours evening we're at
Lowe's now I'm gonna hate Ava's thank
you you bet second Bell Shalom
you watch weather despite anyone's huh
any question
let's resins like nice things I forget
dry cleaning you spit in like a bag for
driving barber and nuns recognize
advisory dress oh I'm going to dress
anyway decide what do you have to snap
your work out I'm gonna work out and I
get really tired usually let's go sleep
after tap about two thousand are Thank
You captain stepping on your tips here
just going to do don't worry I have
chicken and corn honey and I must miss
Nakorn Snoodle to get them very excited
about that actually so um I play more
always or just to do engineer I'm going
to tired I knew tomorrow would you get
flowers at the Acme outlet any guy who
asked me on one day when we're sort of
Melvin L date you
Thank You Ciara four thousand bar a
little high your nests are chopped up
there I'm doing rails on morrow they
prepped or swim ashore there you just
notice or more when they're short
gracious pinky for the pirate like even
reception do you oh stop that before
that's what's weird to me
Disney Shane's new adult baby idea I
thought they can snaps about a sec stop
you have to watch it it was very busy
watching so many videos today there's me
but I'm crossing that girl and her daddy
rules before and it was one of is like a
studio sorry I'm so pro who look like
bubbly and protecting from enemy to me I
rule my dad against me or from axis so I
finally put on it
funny that saying to that video clearly
I had found that classy new who do you
recommend to anyone and I was weird
make YouTube we're trying to crack down
easy PC everything like employer side of
shit that they're promoting no shade no
well I got do my copy and paste and I
post me getting directions on how to get
here max repost me
Oh marks already on the way when they
order out there
I love to relate we have sugar and salt
and Harve
and me and you ask for long bars what
kind of drunk are you Roger is it work
involves water today you please do it
off again not not in your future
no there is so much construction
happening out end of the day it for
classes like why are we just learning
this now thank you for all as on the
racing series fog horn was it hot worry
love
um yeah it's been really hot what's for
dinner hey Nick it's chicken Nick I cash
in hand by where my coworker responded
via but boom I'm so excited coming out
yes Hank bitch this is literally only
one hope what if you're changing me and
my mom the only TV when all my gift
rings are so fucking gross I love you
change so much I love the flavors I
loved it initially long but you barely
eat anything I realized one was very
very don't bring your appetite all our
makeup and stuff assembly party Thank
You Elena for the thousand bars do you
like chicken or talk a lot more and I
muscle starts you know synonymous of
each other but I like chicken
I definitely don't wait to talk about
I'm not going to snap a little a time
well all I need a tongue rolls a lot
water I'll plant agreeing with you think
you're not imposing at all suspect
pumping em PF Changs all as I am Jane is
like jumping in Vegas
Liam vegans I watched a little bit of
the in Chino one this morning cause I
thought the title likho champion is
chasing me Windham in there for that
tell you about all DC blogs you know
like I wanted really what are you
talking about
I didn't hear that far so I don't know
how to think over it we have to reduce
if you oh my god that would be so
torture it would much in general in
order to waffle Thank You unique coffee
popular Zanzibar and people do on their
live shows there might only want to try
stairs with chat tell your shadow of a
discussion would be more continue with
you buyers i favorite right over eat
yeah but i am like it like they only
check out for like five prices and I'm
like this is bullshit any charge a
simply selfie you can see a reference to
and waffles wall to meet a really
different things Nancy Geneva crackers I
can't see I'm using a fast food but like
Howell castes don't get me wrong what
you're gonna awful with mice you're not
listening it seems yes thank you
a 5x by 5x for the sauce bars where did
you see your project you guy this is
good it is good it is a hundred percent
hotter what's happening is good and once
you guys try now you guys are going to
be very like what I am leaving like what
I'm still like what like every damn it
what's gonna happen if I don't happen
it's good trust me when I say it's good
sometimes like the secret project what
content exciting or whatever but this is
like some good not a product
lady it's entertainment also only hat
cause you're stuck in a guy scream yeah
first word I tend to be attracted to
more my age now I used to only date
older people Thank You Amelia 4,000 bars
like strictly only older people like
every young guy cracks me up the ill
grows but as I so opposite not like
older guys it is not not I think oh well
older
reduced an Appaloosa loud note with my
sugar levels were so high
okay you're placing me Leon throwing up
Blastoise no one ever choice in your
life like my lord
having said that if she's like I want
her to replace me and reading like we
need to you a bit okay
camellia says yes but I love our cheese
queen of everything watch me eat this
it's all gonna fall
this is driving decision and I'm not mad
at it can you have relations with a 19
year old boy I am legally I said would I
know that is way he went to whatever's
at my age - 19 I think when you're like
when you're like 40 and someone's 30
that's still in your age range but it's
such a it's weird it just like it
doesn't mean it doesn't make such a big
difference but 99 that is that's
literally a different life then your
mercy will go 21 I wasn't a 25 year old
for a minute what 28 was that highlight
knowledge me Oh awesome
so we should put together all the
incompletions you not me dropping food
always happens
Thank You cc-64 500
and that was good
thank you darling so 500 bars name is
Louise on um I love half of a pro but
and a farm where I'm at I love it
how gross is that breeze on the next to
you I'm a good guy I was like I can't
even I did a nice evening over there it
was really disgusting me oh that's about
100 yeah wha you might say for as long
we on the Sun soon dates room Jews very
young as well I love drew but we would
not be compatible in that way I love him
or Stuart that yeah see you soon about
me I don't want to sorry
I'm still five minutes away you should
wrestle sure to 500 thank you to sell
thank you Dad
baby 474 34 per bar we put me right now
I put the potatoes on create publishing
around with that chicken mystified about
you don't open up the throat of a race
of these I will whistle like our boss
marriages Rypien I'm going to warm up
this little cornbread though a lot of
blogging
soften it up a little - it's hard
I was texting with um one day since I
just can't even stand the Chilean front
with his own family members perfectly
let make you food and here is maquon my
life away
hi I burn my fingers and my new friends
will show oh I'm very dim in the chicken
Thank You Naomi for the thousand bar you
are amazing you are amazing thank you
look up we're having courses like Game
of Thrones back I would love I really am
excellent do a game with rogue rock
right so I had to give a quarter I would
literally be broke do a young young
fella
Oh why's it smell so good right now I'm
so sorry this is like amazing you need
very little butter present as far as
they give you and you can do my business
as I like tendon butter
mm-hmm Lucille done certainly dirty
today I honestly feel like a hermit a
sense of nothing my mom does what do you
eat alright what's up I don't know the
cool mom mom are you eating my mom mom I
didn't wear your potatoes Thank You JD
so dogs bark I did order master he was a
war mom
some fancy are you eating that piece of
manifestation right I'm celebrating its
we're good - where's your dress from
it's an ad from Victoria's Secret
oh my god listen to you thank you so
much Justin Rob does your mother like
that Ramona psychos yeah my husband
really food for a while but there's one
key saying yes to Lana oh she is my
guest
oh she is thank you for the 500 bar is a
pee epi all right Victor
hello oh hi I just got out of the shower
huh
is it wet yeah I just thought I said I
have no makeup my eyes were all black on
the makeup put that off yeah huh no I
just got out of shower what's going to
say oh yeah I can't
thanks for the facetiming me not last
night oh okay very well someone stole
your phone second of all I say - I do
today I am a new Iowa's animals only
life yeah I don't I known okay
a nice someone is your mom's awesome
okay I'm actually and you look good a
shower huh Thank You massage mark oh my
god I think I'm gonna make mashed
potatoes with some meatloaf tonight I
already got the meatloaf from violet
cheated on that one I just said it was
mathematics see you have a default you
did me yes
damn it from last night
mmm really looks like a marathon mom you
remember that
huh I myself went to bed how long did it
on for how I swear
mm-hmm probably 40 minutes and I got
something my contacts I did come off
because I just pop it out like okay I'm
done now this relaxing to me those I
don't know
gets on my body weight off my feet I am
I'm gonna work out after this Wow look
at all the hearts I'm sorry okay oh wow
thank you for the heart oh I thought my
oh that's right your mom did change your
name what was I snow above you as a muse
of smell
what was the other one video cute kitty
huh
what miss kitty from Gunsmoke Avery's
too young for that but I guess I know
better I take my contacts out so I
really can't see anything but here's not
yes why whoa now we have rainbows and
hearts so that I feel like you're to be
on our video chats and smell me no they
said many holiday we're intruding on our
video chat no lets you happen because
you imagine people to chime in
they'd have to like do a button like on
Jeopardy and I'm coming in they have
that on Google hangout they have like
anyone who talks this to be the big
screen we have a 10 people at once and
they can take turns talking Thank You
Bailey for the fast start
Wow this bloom it's hot today someone I
love you're wrong here I know it's hot
here they love your hair so you owe lon
I'm sick but then it gets so dry and
looks prettier Oh amber app yes you had
a man no mm-hmm now by myself me do your
mom so can she just adores you
I don't I just get it is awesome for me
I was in LA I am pure white so when I'm
let me avoid you are not your pants yeah
my skin color better I was so wife's
name is that oh my god you're so white
what I don't see why ever
not that way I suppose I should go out
because I wasn't going to be on the Sun
anymore much because I always looked on
them sunscreen you and Thank You Bailey
for half of Mars the Amazon knocking oh
yeah I do love your new look
Mike yeah thanks doll
you're both ham climbed up we're not and
play out why I'm not I'm dating for Han
tomorrow so Jeff can see Janet yeah I'm
getting it now is on explained as I
think you shouldn't reach your all you
don't have it yet
prior to eighth grade chicken that's I
say did you have to loot even eat well I
have to make my my won't get post many
summers alt say you got family in Grand
Blanc that's where I love hot what how'd
you know that I don't have family just
my mommy's Wilma Grand Blanc and she has
an advantage when played maybe she knows
you what's your name
hmm when you got some people back there
what is your name we'll see you we just
asked how'd you know how'd she know I
was there anything about a long time ago
we'll talk about it Oh more shoes on
times wait so you're eating twice well
what happened was also 18 months is you
missed it I ordered miss neele fried
chicken Emily they gave me I said no
gravy which I think they took it as no
potatoes I think it's potatoes well as
you know I didn't reckon you just find
I'm experimenting that confusing how
like broccoli or some green chin and I
was a little suspecting even without a
thought it how's my chicken and then I
must make mashed potatoes in KFC owns I
do where it come back I'm waiting for
now that sounds good I don't huh maybe
even a Latinos in the max it wasn't what
do you would for some of the many
parsley or something I'm excited to get
a sexy I did it was it was a dilemma
because we go in a club bookie I don't
want how could you so ha ha did you give
me cookies long time over even have fun
thank you visited if a bar yeah Who am I
wrong way over to give you the please
plus I see some hollow down that's okay
I got outreach peanut butter cereal
bring a cake next week
that's right IRA velvet I don't all
right yeah yeah huh good four more days
of work I send in a la hein my ex I know
tell me about it
doing eating shallot hot dog oh my god
look I haven't had a hot dog of it for a
year where we can best wine 7-eleven a
big chubby ones oh my god no it's
whiskey
maybe two gone up and been the problem
she's had a lot of each I thought about
that with you idiot the other day I
wasn't marrying a big gulp McCoy he
jumps gonna love it I thought my mom
would be funnier to do this look she
loves all that shit hot dogs and all
that weird you there another person send
you seriously your mom purity looks like
Madonna I think she's a little prettier
Oh Shia you laughing guys pretty liar
prettier than me I'm uh look at me I'm
using Madonna at City sorry
not flying phenomena I don't like
Madonna but you know we should put
another drop it's an IT firm before you
speak red and wearing it for five days
straight okay I saw all this blah blah
the personalism years we've seen at
Grambling her name is that your real
name AGG I saw a video years ago and I'm
about Grand Blanc I was so excited
disciple is here for the past 15 years
thank ye for the fountain bars your mom
is hoppin your mom is pretty and Emma
got hello mrs. Lana that's how I like to
go by finishing one no one at mrs. News
News dilemma hey Lana
ah you're wrong for you to Madonna oh
here's the person that Ursula Andress
always said like her she's one of the
Bond girls back in the sixties you know
her say nobody would know her Arisa
and as I think I seen one picture of her
wait what am i her i miss the brightwork
guy one of the customers that I look
like her oh well I'm Holly angel you
know she was a Bond girl Gina I hear my
mother's listening skills world can't
to anybody um listen
wow that's compliment someone said he
was like would we say that Chrissy
Teigen but who's Cheryl seems someone
who deals like her she'll cheeks yeah I
don't know she is she sounds already
quite at Ryan O'Neal after Sarah
positive well she was
Oh after fair hasa died well maybe they
were getting together before and then I
don't know you can go a her thousand bar
um wait before lowers but there's often
Ryan O'Neal like we're broken up for a
long time right before sigh yeah but I
thought they were attending together at
the end but maybe not you know where you
have it's quite quiet today huh a little
bird you have it's quite quiet today
here
Oh what are you doing clean yourself you
say hi to people yeah I like I like the
quietness the applause you see her I
don't know if I doubted her in there can
I get two people hi Bernie
it's got some underarms so fucking
potatoes we just come to see what I eat
I don't care about me I know more people
for biscuit ah you shouldn't I really
Matt did you do Oh someone's I'm
actually the Ursula Andress resemblance
someone else see this to someone okay
that is okay my more so when I make up
on and surfers summer said yes work
those baby mama work so I bang the bangs
yeah the bang on your hair my mother
thinks I never had a receipt bangs I'm
like I was before it so they fall oh I
cover them up is that your mom guess
it's my mom it's her hair platinum new
little blah say you go blonder yeah then
I kind of right here making it wider
blonde no but I did I said to go white a
little whiter nice oh I said tell you
about the thing I want to do this
weekend I'm with you
very exciting well it involves my
boyfriend's that's not really my
boyfriend beating the poison in my head
am i doing it too
are you just a guy I have no one to go
with me
oh the d1 no no no thanks are not a real
boyfriend
I'm boyfriend Isaac is a boyfriend
anyways I might tell you how when we
were reciting but you were in a hurry so
well I know yeah
Sally pulled the full amount of my hand
and she took it in the room my final
today when I face time you do oh yeah
baby I like is I when I want to work out
I had one workout out I don't see what I
won't go down okay I'm gonna go work out
tonight remember to follow me on
instagram just really go I'm not lying I
meant it out of my house holding on
either side wait my help I have a lot to
do tomorrow Thursday awesome first felt
Wednesday what well Wednesday I have a
lot to do tomorrow and Thursday
ah music oh my god a Wednesday okay what
I don't have a context and I can't think
either Saul
okay someone I don't even have a mental
boyfriend yeah all I have is a mental
boyfriend who would be your ideal way
for mom who's your like dream celebrity
boyfriend well Ben Stiller now yeah Wow
we're not come from brain crunches
anything right I got it
Cranston huzzah who's right right bad Oh
Bryan Cranston yes yes yes for you if
he's single does anyone know you help me
oh yeah no I'm pretty sure I just
married that come up on the middle girl
vocative work no come in the middle
really the girls are awesome farmer I
looked him up but oh no he was on the
wait no horthy nergi not maybe now I'm
just kidding Bradley Whitford was where
to the metal in the middle girl I don't
know he was married you I don't know
look at me
I don't let Brian is married yeah I
think we looked at though he said all
also if anything I'm crazy marriage is
basically trying to get my hopes
sometimes draw your way because I'm
having a boyfriend I know I am i carry
always look what's right here okay keep
them in a family that's okay that's a
hello or not have to put my glasses on
so I can read the comments okay
are we going to watch Big Brother oh I
didn't even know would come back on
somebody's gonna have dinner with you
Church did you get you guy can't see -
yeah we're supposed to come to Greece
we should ha ha hoo shaycarl
oh you tuber you advantage a long
explanation of who we are is an arrow
all I've ever sweat Olli dad hello
everybody so excited for your potatoes I
guess I will make mine then you know
everyone would say how are you eating -
dinner in Milan all we always go to like
multiple rest draw multiple places at
eat we get fries and chicken then we
stop at a polling get a braid about it's
not like you ate anything if they had
broccoli in it I know what I saw Oh
green oh that's got green - no but I
would like these cookies are like in a
box of their own yes I am okay I'm gonna
have to leave you then and go eat wait
here or you go magic I gotta go make
something
okay well you have it and you're sitting
down you come back honey
alright my god grandma here is always
what happens when you eat when I'm on
vacation with you girl with every
fucking hungry and I'm like if they were
you can expect you today I'm like okay
I'm on now but here's the cookies all of
these are you ready
Oh dump them and coffee that sound so
friggin good well that wouldn't be good
actually thanks to the sponsor Cassie
Oh what everyone's name Brian is married
your mama pretty guys such a balanced
diet I know what you got corn and became
I cannot balance you get never you know
what that meet a glad the milk would be
good though I'd me earlier you miss it I
have a ticket oh my god Mars let's go
dance thank you ha
oh is that from Rachel look genial we're
actually being honest us 500 bars thank
you for those - that was nice why do
they do that just because they like you
they're yours XS it's like when you go
to a strip club in because it's super
fun oh okay I kind of an eating Club
sometimes strip and you eat and on or
the penalty here's my mallomars almost
add potatoes and corn herbal starches
and somebody's did you give me whatever
you want before 6 o'clock that's nice
oh my god wait is that remember did you
say because I'm not know somebody said
that under but I've heard that before -
or stop eating it by 3:00 I've heard -
that and Julie did that that one time
when she lost all that way another guys
later
I really funky he's Erica comes apart I
really do stop eating level work at this
and like when I work out I'm not hungry
after so I really do something on five I
feel like that's okay yeah what's the
one thing up whatever its place now obey
the rules see
let's love each other own life with me
what we want when we won hey Zack oh my
god you miss nobody's the boss of me
no except yourself
um yeah lasagna for literally I feel
ugly she's not waking up I wash you're
not moving over there I was tired all
day how do you stand out I say my phone
like okay please remember you said it my
alarm I feel like I guess I just want to
computers a monitor your phone back then
I translate so I'm like had one eye open
is the phone over here yet no um my
power went out right at 11 p.m.
oh well was it on when you got oh yeah
but it wasn't
up on my house here how many items in my
bill a little water might slow us or
shut up Oh hmm
all right is it for you huh are you
leaving you can see here I'm hungry
oh man whoa but it just one sec hi call
you all right hon for a beauty show when
I get started
everybody get your potatoes everybody
good bye
hi oh my mom everybody she's so hungry
mm-hmm I look good by on well my soul
though too much for me I love it you
know your mastery as a wine to do it's
so good I know that someone you like
Nancy falsi I of course cloclaw inventor
on them my mom drew a gronckle del
turndown emcs potato in the form nothing
keep that evidence I'll go with double
shrimp
it was a guy to chase my dream before
the show and when I'm old school
thank you for the applause I was
remember last night we had over a
hundred sixty thousand Li thank you
Darby for the thousand large I won't see
on this making hungry for all the
potatoes are good potatoes are wet I'm
struck I am gonna um upload both the
morning show and the show just in my lab
stream herbs my ice cream off to my
youtube but if I won't be till tomorrow
come over the next day I set up a long
ass blog today that I lit work hard
editing but it's a long blog so I'd
rather have that vlog get there for a
minute and then I'll put these up I felt
like fillers like
what's up lies about tomorrow's I've
been mistaking Thank You 4,000 bars of
Frank Cola mmm
happens with this ho please I was will
be as long - mm-hmm nobility at last one
I watched every day I've been so
addicted to you now walking at being on
it
have you gone shake Harold I don't need
a bad guy I think he's an unrealistic
like fake person um that caught up in
temptation but because they're not real
human being and they like to put on a
facade he's gonna handle it because when
your face for so long you break the real
you comes out you break people see past
like through it and then on you on my
level now and even though I change and
evolve as everything one does like
people have seen and that's why I think
if you like Shane Joey people see like a
real person
Eugene you know I mean there's like a
person behind there if someone is Jake
lasted a while but it is not working you
know I need a fix person here you
finally made a girl which always gives
me thank you at root root adrift a
Fulton family boys
girl you know I don't know if you watch
my videos when I left scenic road in my
last outing in you
Stacy can see guys require my scene the
same time I wanted to ask about her to
you and my burns nibbled on like rhinos
or drama I know I said some of the girls
are just from books I've read I read
that that era played where there was a
lot of sorry girls
thank you thank you page for the
thousand bars my first ever I owe my
friendís has to me like I can't wait to
go to the gym so you can burn all those
faces that means laughing I'm like an
abyssal plain cran-apple bitch persuade
them okay always will be sick there's
two hours to settle with my stomach I
don't know what to be progressive help
me pick something oh hey girl
Trisha Paytas means um I walking this
morning we're done how hot is Rob starts
out I'm not a rap star cow to be honest
whether I'm gonna hop over the one red
wedding as more heartbroken thank you do
for those bars over the purple wedding I
commented on exactly some guys missing
Joffrey displeasure Game of Thrones
sings I come I don't know what's really
him by commenting on a glass picture he
put up a Joffrey Ramsay and I think I
want to marry you reckless we're table
at the Santa hammock like on the bus
hmm he said I listened Yanni I take up
and she was really sweet but I know did
you ever like in sisters together right
but I know like oh that era holiday said
and Bridget out that they had like
singing house was like girls were shady
so he always came super sweet is your
supersu tonight you know I don't know I
love the flavor girls of the 90s and
early 2000 they were I think prettiest
I mean that was Playboy's like crime to
me so I always idolized his work no
matter what happened here Lester all
your fuckin icon cuz you were around
during that time and you were one of the
hot funny smells recall I made up I
think any of that was admired it
somewhere
Ronald under roping thanking if the toll
will see for the five hundred bars
appreciate it young made me love eating
food do you shave your face I get at
last I don't shave it thank you in-game
supering remembers the route thousand
bars I have all the girls next door does
you IDL date hi detective Jason Momoa
watching Game of Thrones which is in law
you guys everything about them with a
fair healthy eating now it's fun and to
be honest
well playmates they definitely are like
stoked on the city but a lot of those
girls I didn't have new be still one in
Rome McKendree would always have like
fries and seen working on like I want to
be like that
I mean I do II like that I would eat
like that and look like that food
whatever I try and helps me sometimes
let me leave I'm like okay I want to be
the cookie Thank You Valley for the
thousand bars did you ever eat hard from
the genes or um no no here is it
well I'll keep it born here teaching
math diseases reborn now open did you
want to be in Playboy still had the
chance with you definitely like The
Girls Next Door was on I definitely was
like oh the ultimate goal right to be
played me are gonna have scroll friends
I mean ow no I mean now Playboy's with a
joke and it's not a thing anyways but
and then a day yeah that was definitely
cool thanks Martha found Martha Rogers
really John Augustus antiquated Ricky
you think the new porn stars on good
idea is a stripper something good idea
playmates Thank You Marcos otherwise you
think all that South that there was a
spare so and it was black
yeah I'm Mike Pearson
eating so two hours and not one hate
they say you gulps a lot I do protest
your camera your name is covering your
face oh I'm sure you gave my food what's
that better I listen fish eats regular
roll tacos please don't stop for three
hours in I can't I have to get off
happily within I went to the hour and
how smart
um I need an adjustment food it often
you get email some people and edit some
things and Ken storytime it's like 35
minutes a best tinder guys inclusion of
a boy but I want to put up tomorrow so
is my mom back did you eat mom
conversation with weaselsontour I'm
actually gaining weight obviously well I
was out every day I do go workout while
I do myself cause I don't that really
means anything I actually like light
workout um it's not oh is Lani Baca says
oh any buck here I'm watching and heard
a live calf
look you don't like your husband's
persona online if he's really now do you
mean call pro means but I can get very
sweet lovely i watch
sure and I think she is extremely lovely
and sweet and mature for her age and
just mature in general and okay offer
I was we're going to camp out bad eating
but it doesn't well I think it does I
mean it does I mean the way I eat I
could be like 500 pounds but it does
cancel it out not in the way I'm going
in the lewd way but thank you Cimarron
for the thousand bars Hit Girl wonder
miss you meant something else in that
number
thank you for 500 bars 105 oh one five
two two four four five five five one six
four four four eight three seven thank
you Miss - it's ours and I thought you
lads I'm watching your upload yeah you
see another Mercedes convertible when I
do get back with my things that I'm
doing um I am American rebel I'm making
my car but Mum are you in here watching
a lot of p.m. I'm giving you the heart
thank you cookies corpses on bars
yeah I stay on for another like 80 90
minutes the last time I was just fast
talking on a GT what a cheap one what I
do have a thing will you stand up and
walk on him thunderstruck I don't have
money sauce on him he was on cam vodcast
networks Essex super nice and sweet and
he's like oh my god I want to eat
Russians up like that like he'll there's
a beast a bloke I like know each other
that's a youtuber right so she's you're
in LA and you just obvious terrorizing
circle so I don't think he hates me but
um you know I don't know I don't really
have I don't have Negev it almost has I
think people are extremely hard on him
Thank You Milky Way baby to seven right
now but I think that sometimes you say
stops at your bicycles can't get past it
so I have to own both I think it's tough
but you can't be forgiven for what she
done but then I get I get it something
for such a big trigger and I'll never
forget to fish well I get that - I just
don't think heart got over and over
because you can't change it faster or
your opinion you know what I mean but
it's not like I'm like uh-huh
who him or anti him we talking about
Jess car
um but I I honestly like I mean I'm
gonna contour too good to do and like I
get it I get both eyes in all sizes
um but everyone has every right to be
not like someone around for someone
based off of from these that are even
just not liking them but I don't need a
harp on someone over and over for either
mistakes or just something that you
don't like about them
that means a bad person or different I
are not way element instagrams you can
work out tonight
I can eat watching you work out Thank
You amaura hunters for the 500 bars
personal choices for Mona absolutely you
like to see one in any hunt I do oh
thank you
Begbie cousin down bars just your mom so
that in the gaseous I still cook in or
blow drying her hair or something
those at tied team she's moving back to
beach right I can't apply me to
convertible hi mom are you watching this
are you cooking what are you doing
you're on the gas piece over to me you
don't when I come back arm only got me
on for another 15 minutes um no I'm
going I'm not - that's my limit
anyway barb barb going for the holidays
promise me that mom are you in here
mr. Brad guys I'm asking for a wrestler
Riverdale another camera down
imagination Renoir's personal trainer
holy ship o station well as my personal
trainer or my nutritionist I would I
would be the fittest fucking ugly like
better and Jason Britney Spears I would
be I would just be so nervous just to
see him but to work out I want to
impress him
I would eat whoever he told me so hot
so I should you can always be blind to
notice and like a quinoa thank you me
and Brett
Katie went to seven sort of thousand
bars mama gusting let's give chef two
out looks like your hair out a little
more dried come on your pictures are so
funny
let's see what you got feel hello mom
and what bag hey what are you doing
actually got up walk in the bathroom
you're crying okay captain here let's
see the room tour key of the room tour
yesterday give us a ring tour how do you
do that this shoulder room it's kind of
messy oh look at Nick and mom on the
wall hmm yeah we are yeah mmm Wow
I was gonna bring her Italians your
whole room tour yesterday this all was
is pretty you want to do it her art is
pretty - you look a pretty room oh yeah
I'm moving now to make my hair dry
oh why do it ah three to eat I know but
I'm kind of lazy to make anything
they're not I eat I don't know I got
cereal earlier in a little Bowl I'm
sorry I cannot fight
oh yeah your cereal recent possum your
lucky charms and I had my reasons before
I want to slam them because if I thought
I would somebody else do down their
hunger but I live I don't eat I'll be
swimmin think again I'm hungry got a
hurry I got to get out of here
and that way I'll swim longer I know if
I work out in the morning I try to
because then I don't eat as much gonna
go ahead worked out that's my boyfriend
who the TTA
I like here your boyfriend don't talk
back
okay later your but had nothing specific
I delete you can love my but I know he's
younger shove him up your butt well sure
anybody on my bus but when you got out
of your way remember okay what kind of
like that want to cook a frozen piece at
a time
I am the head now because you know what
dumbbells two blocks away in this $5.99
for my bacon then crushed could not you
know what I was thinking that I really
wanted that I won't get it because I
don't eat frozen pizza was remember that
one thing I bought next but he took it
back it was a pizza maker and you put it
on and it would it was hot warm up from
the top I remember but it not work right
and that was in the back it's good but
they were like what that super just
throw it in the oven because it would
take I don't know that anybody if they
have that and put it on in it and then
gets it all or take as much time as
putting in the oven in this way we're
like oh that's kind of stupid but now
I'm saying that's kind of cool
you don't have to get the whole oven you
just have that little thing going around
sometimes it's amazing some of American
gets amazing they want they like it I
guess I chopped up n something again I'm
like oh my god yeah like Brad's deals or
something like so much fun they say I
know what you're talking about
I had a think yeah I don't like old
things like I say anymore I think I
would just pack this is what made me
think oh my god okay we had one of them
one time please hop somewhere
oh no on the internet like you know on
the dough by this but it's like a
commercial thing you know rowing no no
who's that
Network
no rau and all the one that makes the
nerdy nummies all those girls yeah yeah
well why I'm gonna have to be new Rowan
oh oh why they run the Food Network
right she was cooking Christmas stuff or
something on you do where get it on
there anymore that must have just been a
one-time event right cancel oh it did
kind of headed to your sister who you oh
yeah
Trisha winters later when you were
pregnant with me to do where you're like
over it or you do it were you happy yeah
I can't be I just I kept passing out
because I don't know you kept cutting
off a blood pressure blood supply maybe
that was a double science community
inside thanks to escape but if you
survive them I came here for someone I
love mama I love her too I I'll tell you
why our drill dick there's my hat I am
good idea to me my future boyfriend
who's very wicked laugh okay that's not
your future boyfriend
I obviously first of all he's fucking a
movie star so it would not happen
anyways but oh why she doesn't work out
she's still sleeping
really you pooped out on a all tonight
yell poop you're out where you want to
go summer no we all go out now that I
get up before she can show god
everyone's well what's her good people
foot come at me Phoenicia was her ten
mom I know we should all cook somebody
in her what you never cook I don't know
but I had the best cheese if anybody's
in the cheese out there oh my god
off the block it's a little milk or
something what was it white cheddar oh
my god is to die for it's so good it
melt in your mouth but it ought the
black is that big thicker shredding oh
that's a brand off of laughter is like a
block of cheese you're talking about
I should go to get it good well I'll you
a printable
oh I lost my glasses and I can't see a
chance Tigers and he refrigerator chose
my mom is it bring huh oh I did just go
with the grocery store
okay able to turn this around like gum
again face time okay
I barely learned how to be a guest on
here okay
but there's my members here is all well
you can see anything you can't know oh
yeah and then of course we always have
the infamous extra cheesy fish some of
them double tap the screen to turn it
around double tap it kind of doing that
not doing anything okay
no doesn't do it alright let's go
oh here's my fridge can I see it yeah a
little bit I don't know listen this is
just random but Chipotle is out Wow
where did you get it
it's a chorizo one but oh here oh
Tillamook oh my god so good right I
don't know
oh that's what what caustics can you see
how thick coat it is oh my gosh is that
in the wheel no it's wrong wrong wrong
what they call balance the wheel know
what we were saying off a lot and called
off the block it so they just are cutted
thicker oh yeah when mom is sponsored by
that cheese company by the way thank you
Fanny 4,000 bars yeah just send me more
over there I'm on water that was good
enough is you would even like it yeah I
got his black that once though oh my god
each whole thing like in a week wait you
did what hate that whole thing in a week
yes yeah yes it was like white children
ah
that's my beer what flavor is that that
is white magazine
yeah mmm what Kelly approaching oh thank
you oh it's good um well it's like no
power right because now with our freezer
which is not mine is that miner Callie
thank you something you would eat pure
excess I don't know whatever that is
that's a baby and force is a what it's
so that wasn't something we can you
Buffy that stuff Rosen crap but boy here
we go
you doing that frozen crap that you
talked about what is that oh that's a
mom I know love's the sausages and then
this is my guilty pleasure but I like
your coffee now three days ago they're
kind of melted by Oh Callie settings oh
and a picture of God and I'd also kind
of you look good those were kind of good
oh I should have one of these actually
tonight you should get a cash go if
you're on a protein diet 33 is a protein
I like these
Callie doesn't like two bananas and
cream but she gets a chocolate but
Pascoe again if there's a rush on these
cast oh yeah are you getting something
everyone's like I love this game no I
just kind of what we do
you're great partners you know that have
to guess what what the container
we're color no I know they still love it
what what is on what's more that I'm
living for this someone that they were
living for this they're more bored than
we are oh well here we go if you guys
don't know always easy if you're a
cleanliness and I'm germ-free
look do that you don't forget that for
your nice because the knife block to
have all germs in them because people
kicking me in they're not dry or they
stick them in they don't wash them and
it's just a germ fatso
get one of these trips at IKEA where'd
they get them from I can't hear you and
then I differ with you two but get rid
of yours on ice blocks not good
they'll be little craps and them a
little hole just keep
- I feel like we're watching the Home
Shopping Network and my mom is like the
hose goes from planning to product I
wanna know it's everyday it's so funny I
don't even get this much action on
FaceTime right date I my mom she's in a
recliner you don't care what I have to
eat I should make a cup of coffee
sometimes she's such a mom love her she
is I have a mom kitchen this is Suzanne
Somers someone fans of your line of
Somers I thought make it back on in my
hair done a lobby free well we asked you
an eating show when you're pretty maybe
if we get together this weekend or when
I see you would you like Taco Bell or
something um what happened you had we
should do something rabbit has I've done
everything what have am I bet I can take
it jack-in-the-box you wouldn't eat
jack-in-the-box for dinner
no but you have done it actually I have
a place I want to take you it's not
eating show place but um we gotta go to
pump I had that Orange Dreamsicle pack
you know it was so fucking good yeah but
the light you get the lobster pasta is
so amazing I got a dream too called
cocktail that case I could orange tree
skull so frothy
it was so good and there's a cocktail so
you could drum the plot my hole did you
go there with Sergey remember third year
and it was so good I want to be there
next time we like if we plan on having
this weekend I was like a so good she's
like me on a merry-go-round I was like
right what are we doing here sitting
with you it's not lun don't you come
here for my cosmetic company to wear my
cognates we're gonna huh
well natural now they want you to film
work for their company they said oh you
don't even know my mom my mom woodland
work for you and what was a cool job I
was somewhere I worked if it's someone
that he ever made pornos huh woman ask
if you've ever been to pornos
all in Burbank yeah oh I don't know they
decided even Ari Gold I haven't gone for
a long time but I was the last time I
want so don't get there bought off and I
went to perfect got I got six dozen of
those little shepherd's pie balls and I
freeze them and then when you're hungry
you just keep one or two up and then
you're satisfied all night with milk oh
now I gotta go oh my god marinated the
meatloaf on a ball deep fried summer
anything they might become I don't know
well and that poor nose person no I
think I did them on a video with my fine
on my off someone asked Jay Buhner food
that that would be my favorite mexi's I
like though - well I was craving castle
on top of rotation on the car really I'm
kind of craving that I'm here till he
was better with like that fresh lobster
like you know like you see on Food
Network in the age and they had those
fresh crab cakes all that fresh freaking
crab Sam I know we gotta go there we
gotta go to the healthy cafe which is
right next to it we have so much as I do
in our life we got to go to Bora Bora
Mexico in Vegas oh there's three places
I want to go before that year is over oh
well that's a lot no we need to
Catherine are you kidding me oh yeah
okay you guys think just coming up - I
don't know I know when that muscle on
yours is a little blue blip okay
and then everybody will want you well
but then I can tumble even more and then
you can work for me okay wait what you
already do anyways except for Susan
still get paid I need 200 a day doing my
job
Twitter today that's not no I'm not
rooting more than that not anymore in
essence they changed our carriers know
and they taxes all that 18% not like
we're working for free I still look good
that's another that's another story
that's a base time someone said love you
mom what's your mom's favorite mixtape
Jack and Coke
this is not this is a that is so
fattening oh my god all that sugar and
bolsa well yeah house you're not
drinking going good for days and good
job Callie was drinking last night so I
guess she's not on that pack with you
know some ones that they can pay you way
more than that if you come work for them
or what doing what where that's all that
a company girl she has her own cosmetic
business okay then maybe heard you were
such a good salesperson with a knives
everyone wants to hire you now if you
like if I cook it too messy
well I bet I learn it on network David
Burt Macy Burt said you need to open
your own bar and she'll work there for
you I know we talked about buying a bar
remember can't find one that I was
asking 30 abaya
start up a bar is like so freaking hard
yes I have to buy one I already has a
license oh it's not ready yet to remodel
it rebrand it you're a young I don't
have that all done in ten years someone
that I know how your mom feels they just
cut my pay after 20 years it is what
makes me want you to know we're all
going down what's going on like pretty
soon we won't be able to have the
internet or computers because we can't
afford it the Coxes I would be the worst
they imagine going back to the way it
was when I was kid none of this stuff oh
no I know my mom's way I'm gonna live
back in Illinois right um no you're not
we're going to be home without her
dollars a month rent oh my god I could
lizard til I was probably 85 how much or
a girl from Alabama goes is it cheaper
in Alabama to know like alcohol Mike a
word for Pioneer Woman in our hotels
door okay and I can find me a Cowboys
like I would like a cowboy no you should
wear a comment about Colorado dime
oh you FaceTime me that time and I have
to make them plush like you got to catch
me when I'm looking okay for the first
Ellie's the first time but got me right
hip now the Oh Here I am
well that's I yeah that's you don't want
to answer it with your wet head she yes
oh don't you look good I'm just saying
like that's nice
a compression you want again to like I
thought the person in the photo I know I
won't be dying on my couch like a diva
with my makeup but uh hello this is just
me at home that's all guys seeing you
like all the time sighing all right
like someone said Las Vegas is a lot
cheaper than LA my mom will go today yes
probably that's odd how they have a job
up there because that's all Union to for
bartender so far nothing's easy you
could be a hooker up there because it's
legal oh yeah that's what I want to do
is I'm happy I think it's a pretty good
problem you should live in a big blast
aah
I see one gets redone on them what is it
was that one HGTV whole then you look
like you're 49 oh thank you
okay you simplify year 49 what's your
favorite vacation spot well I hope is
gonna be Bora Bora hmm
my second bad guy gonna happen that's
the person we need a backlight for
saying they were tropical and where
there's a bar in the pool legs a whole
look at the ocean don't have to go in
the ocean like stepping on yes just send
her rent is five hundred and twenty
dollars see that's crazy
really little I know someone that
there's a lot to do here for work in Las
Vegas
oh well Stacey Burke decide she's gonna
live in a van someday no joke she's
being serious I love bad if you guys
come in a van neck so you guys can
Messing ban on we'll drive up to Vegas
towards their assess that would be
everything I have to have somebody come
up with me to work because I want to be
fun by myself someone said how do you
make 200 hours a day I only spend four
days
see if you do that's good actually
I make more than that but they take our
hourly wage out for taxes or general
things there hmm from our state for our
chips they take out and then it all adds
up to it so we never get an hourly play
I think that's robbery I think they're
robbing us but I don't know what a
tourney
okay construed out I'm making a drink
this is my cocktail for tonight whenever
you are drinking an instant had alcohol
in it
I can mine and how shall I tell what's
in it
water and a great ingredient like the
Iron Chef
those are great ingredients yes alight
isolate I do that I put that in my eyes
and then I put this enough for a little
says is that feels pretty good
I also McCrory tonight you ayyah tired
water yeah
will player in a clue but it's amazing
we drink water out of a fancy company
sealed butter out of a watch fancy cut
like a nice cut of wine or wine gosh
someone said they'd pay six hundred
eighty dollars for three bedrooms
I know it's crazy out here some of them
they're right sweetheart
well obviously cheaper in other parts of
America kinda like Montana I can
reassess on MeetMe Montana
Byron my rent was $400 environmentally
all my wife 650 oh yeah that was cheap
that was what was that racist Florida
um no I'm Pecatonica where we had to
move because it was too much of $800 so
oh yeah we had it right we afford it so
we had to move to a 600 er house because
that standard was too much I was a
visitor
yeah oh are you for the house yeah we
moved for $200 if I mean you think about
now is so cool has an attached garage
and treat two levels earth oh yeah mate
you tell them to look for a UH what was
this week huh what was the street then
it was on there you go look for it was
it like 6th Street or was that I am 6th
Street oh maybe if the second one was on
pearly Avenue and I think the first one
was 6th Street
you're second Street because third
Street Station was down the lane
oh good actually I was like that thank
you for honest about otherwise I was
like that cocktail but that just that
little bit of carbonation and the lime
mix it really kind of good like a
tropical thing it's a mock down my
mocktail cheers that's my drink of the
night yeah I have my drink I could
cheers yeah
downstairs I moved upstairs to the bed
okay well I'm headed there shortly I are
you feel comfortable in yours
that's why god I'd like why do I learn
the cat girl in my bed watch TV I love
my name is that I guess so lazy though I
know when y'all have anybody just do
whatever you want
summertime summertime rented pools
what is it correct if we're cool on the
street I every Ibiza ruin Rockford quell
their junior Cali Oh favorite place
favorite place to be fantastic i her i
love burger and a jamocha shake is he
kidding you kidding oh I hate it even
real look when she got back a visitor
Dan that's what you give away okay no oh
my god I would not be any place I would
eat back there at all
she should have talked down with like
alligator please I got it hi quick feet
from her
no mom she just woke up guys sorry don't
be in a conference I'm kidding ah ah
does she know you're not facetiming well
I guess she doesn't know
Thank You Marsha afraid a thousand bars
I know I knew I was tired too bad hurts
and we're all day I like whom she must
be passed out or busy all that like
stuff over the week Jim yeah she got a
life
we didn't need about anyway so oh
there's a girl with a skincare
where I watch over real estate I need
that she has no rent I need a house it
is I want to that's what she meant
if you house that you didn't go from
people's home to home when they're on
vacation
actually that was my smile I did that
that would be it and I'm very chest word
that could do it
someone said who has the orange chicken
was about a chicken using more than pan
Express all the best
I didn't know if I've ever had it for
cheesecake you steak oh I should so
where do you get it from that Olympics I
could remember oh they said where's the
best I'm all sore from working out so I
don't need but now Oh where's your
earring
what look at your outfit what you look
you oh you are so dance so skinny
okay first of all is dark in my room but
everybody not fit Oh been my sports bra
your mom is so awesome I got her boobs
are better than mine look at those big
ol boobies just popping up
I wasn't mine where that perky oh okay
light gray to your teeth I'm gonna have
I don't know I'm good full of foliage of
mine I guess yeah mom you both are so
fat which is kind of a centerfold I love
it what the 60-plus seniors the seniors
magazine Joanne oh you good I was like
we are you look acute author on name you
take an Instagram hit that's not like
that okay you should go oh you also quit
only can't quite I guess your door
tomorrow book you are both nerdy
sometimes you just waste you're pretty
you're so gorgeous you look so good
everyone says oh oh Canada there you go
you can live in Canada $445 and minds
for a four-bedroom house will be nice a
mac and cheese that sounds good ah
yes your mom looks so them a webcam girl
I think we tried them but happy dad mom
would be you should add that this is
okay this is good I like then you could
talk back and forth but it goes so fast
I want to cancel
do you want as long as your mom I think
we won't again cos because we got we
were sponsored that's the only time my
mom comes around what else today with
you
oh yeah 102 can see I just can't see did
you like that you look at them you did
you like it yeah well I see when I can
be your job when we hire you do a one
move on a week you'd be so bad we're
gonna do a move on once a week don't
have to eat everything
I know but funner if you do more
interesting to watch we're going to eat
all that can't see that you bought it we
ate a lot of it food is this this is mom
yes this is my mother everybody if you
guys don't know oh I'm laying with my
pussy here we go
what I love would be with me you don't
know for a long time the only guy I need
in my bed right oh you look so cute with
it I'll stop seeing like your swiss from
i try and match my stuffed animals in my
bed your boobs are huge
I don't know if it's that brought our
wobble you got the biggest boobs right
now probably high angles sure I'm just
kind of huh I lose that big I feel your
mom oh it has a same color nails she
does she never did some new color
Sunday I'm like I'm good night I had it
for my child and she gets to my up
because of you know what I get so many
compliments at work I'm like I'm but I
just have to wear those always same one
so I always wore pink and that was like
that is basically pain
oh it's not as I looked pink but it's
just like for all is he it's just hide
it's not fun probably though but again
no okay you wanna go through nail
weren't you a she burned her nails bloom
well so you can pull it off to you cuz
you guys kinda like the same kind of yes
mi jus well-being beach vibe going
I gotta start following her to get
that's who it was gonna start falling I
don't follow anybody I got to you file
not all the random people
oh I know I was in love with Jacqueline
there were see have had her nothing he
fell off the face of the earth
oh where is Jack where do we know this
he married Kenny we're getting touch
with them that's four together like Jack
Wagner who said gently
nobody knows am I good now probably the
first one can guess who he is and what
is was so was he on well you google it
now it's got to be within ten seconds a
nice Jack Wagner right there where we go
now replace now replace on God @kj 1452
said okay but that was the first one
where was you first famous for what
share a hospital they said that's right
Cindy P I know I'm General Hospital
yours don't forget a lot what was just
for a soap opera my writer
hmm nice all right uh-huh do you know of
Trisha what was his first soap opera All
My Children
don't be guessing I think I know I
wanted it I'll see if somebody has it
really no player don't know David has a
lot I know I think it was my question I
quit yeah I went from book bank to quiz
show my restless as Britney Williams
young arrest
young and references gift to finn trees
young hello young and restless yeah
thank you mister ten minutes ago someone
tried to said that what was Ellie OS his
name it was something weird anyway
that's the quiz show weird it was like
someone that all I know David Hasselhoff
was in spongebob
well we push it and the movie yeah I'm
agencia by no use in it that's all I
know
oh so what did John Stamos first up
anyone knows not that you guys are
asking the questions
General Hospital is that yeah you were
now you know what I think he was on the
same time Demi Moore was you need a date
Adam he's dating a young chick now she's
like 20 of course all that I'm sure the
baby Burke said Jack Wagner was on a
hallmark movie this past weekend
really yes aside she goes find them with
you shake let's go get them okay I know
really you ready to see how I would on
my walk you go back there and don't look
there though how many years ago was that
three maybe Michael still lives in that
same apartment
Michael mom that quag back he's kind of
hot other cool yeah what about Jensen
Ackles
that's an apple just got here what's
happening more than a lot I know right
well I've gotta go now I know my man
like is she eating it's like that was an
hour and a half ago ah
a lot of people just really say Britney
Spears Oh
I never watch that we should familis on
that I don't know maybe apples because
they keep saying that a gems and apples
I don't know you must be gone because
all these people are like hottie Jensen
I think passion was a younger audience
someone said your mom does need a
highway perfect fit for her where we
find one okay just call me when y'all
find one I know I need one but don't you
need a cowboy and that ain't show to
find a cowboy oh my god you know was
getting their own dating show well I
don't even know uh
fucking Sarah's mom from Teen Mom oh my
god I know could people live in here
I can't even look at her all together
there first of all and then I mean who
should've been her eight year old man
like 49 I know but she's weird
well I want my boy here baby show I can
get my own cowboy game what about there
in a video tomorrow okay why don't you
take a video and I'll put it on my
channel I'm somebody you know who thinks
of shows and well you're you're going
out to a thousand people so someone is
them you want to date it could be you
want to date a cowboy you want to date
an Alaskan man what you want that's
actually a good show hi that would be a
good show you want to date an Alaskan
man there's a good show and different
guys you know you want to date a
mountain man some was that weird she's
out of her freaking mind the mom
Sara's mom I can't even certain I'll
cherish oh not that special but I can't
even see him spare on that warm mother
I'm here is the warrior Sam I do I think
if some of you am anxiety and you watch
them they will give you anxiety yeah I
agree I just summertime is all we know
her mom and then her mom land well Farah
know what that look at the mom and the
dad she told me to blow them I'm like ah
I never like talk to my parents that way
if you don't like your parents blending
but Jesus like
and uh yeah my conviction you can
probably like that I know I'm on such a
winder top I else I couldn't watch I
will not watch that one wanna said she's
52 and she enjoys your channel wanna oh
thank you I don't have a chance whatever
channel you have a channel you just I'm
posed I need you can't find you you
should know you can do things by I'm on
a video like this well this is nice what
you can do you can't do this
that's what this is oh my mom was a data
guy that was like brocco Hearn somebody
said that violet that's my mom's type is
what I said she wouldn't be a guy like
that oh hell yeah
yes I is hi hey young guy to go for uh
I'm gonna join him in a music video to
give me he is hi
hmm think if I was a boy that's how I
was born oh yeah I'd want to look like
that but I also want to look like family
risen and doesn't names I was like her
no I was I was like boy I would make my
show and that's been out there and then
you never have to wear makeup oh my god
that was hard and you want to look like
that body that would be so hard I'd say
I'm on his body I like his head I mean
like excited but I'm Mia would like the
long hair with that here's a boy well
yeah I would grow my hair out long to my
dad looks like broad again maybe there's
some TV producers and they'll want to
make the show of course I'm all good we
won't get any credit for I don't think
all we said we thought of that a seawall
is recorded so watch next year you'll
see uh who wants to date a cowboy
they'll be just showing all of us will
be hey hold it someone said yes mom
you're so smart
someone said their dad was like brocco
Hearn and that you should date him
okay well then call me fine art
Instagram Twitter Instagram that's true
finer cheese mama got back 583 hey could
you read it if he actually did know and
you're like oh shit
well not only that but if you look like
that you'll want a 20
no that's not true I just depends on
where they're at in the world la so
weird town well it is someone said
follow me my mom okay you can applaud
more Instagram and I'm like what's on
Instagram one or an old surfer go see an
old surfer and they'd be like oh I'm not
being fair
no he is does not have a backbone my dad
single please set them up well if you
guys have single dad message might have
a message my mom on Instagram or Twitter
but only looking for someone who is take
care of me financially so we can go
travel I would have to work well why am
I so keep on working you know when I did
start a relationship
Gerhart Shep I just would like to point
somebody nice anymore okay but you
haven't to take care of you I can take
care of myself but financially it would
be nice oh yeah conversation very good
retirement you tell them what those are
someone with a good retirement you tell
them mama I want to great love you dog
like that's right mom you're too good
for a guy they could be my friend but
not my guy because nothing wrong with me
and take care of Katharine said amen I
have things in our pocket love ain't
gonna reach though that is another thing
you kind of me and your mom watching for
the same guy I think it's a Seberg said
you go home I go to Mass Rose together
go find some rich guy like have
cocktails you know that is not hanging
at them
they are giving me all the girls are
going to mount other people to help us
alright guys I'm putting it out there my
mom's mama got back on Twitter and mama
got back 583 with her Twitter
interesting - Thomas what mama that bad
that's her Twitter and her Instagram is
mama back
I hate when viewed on those dating sites
by my own match right now
boring but anyway they're like fucking
very self-sufficient already made what I
what am i doing on year Wow
I'm gonna turn off - I'm you know I'm
tending to anything I need a girl with a
good job is like bitch alert oh okay
yeah ah fuck man are just not man she
should go on tinder someone said on that
have how's it goin not going when I was
a younger dog you know the general guys
came up home they were I don't know I
think that's a good one I don't add that
one in Fort Collins I just haven't got
back with him cause she'll she want a
cap off mom maybe you can put the makeup
on for that date okay they said let's go
to a rodeo where's the rodeo yeah the
bull rider
yeah what is a rodeo go no I thought he
always wanted that one huh yeah talk
about doing that one time Trisha over
years ago but well safety now is safety
house where it's actually she's always
glad the thing she knows everything bad
okay I'll go call that now that we call
rodeo - no where's is yeah okay just
pleasure him when you get home from work
what okay and thank you her mom is so
beautiful I guess this isn't a quiz show
anymore
a court of some track we're showing I
would go to sports right this passes to
meet men huh force bars or steak houses
to meet men a steak house or a sports
bar
you always force where they guest sports
world that's like young kids anymore
though
someone said go to Magic Mike in Las
Vegas what only shouldn't find a guy at
imagine waking on Vegas just give me all
hot and bothered and then I gotta go
home by myself oh no someone said you
need a guy that I'll wrangle you in go
to a yacht club Jacqueline said I think
you have to belong to what I would like
to just come in and visit all the men
here at the yacht club members you need
to go to an upscale place by an upscale
guy Thank You Rob and I tell her that
all the time to make you guys like dive
bars like you know to dive are give me a
bad guy like I don't want anywhere now I
hope I don't haven't gone anywhere in
like one step with you
no boo yeah I did
that was damn we need to go later but
you can't go out later so I I if I go
out if I work nice I can't go out night
and I go out the workday and ask you to
bed early
someone asked with your age my way I
don't have one really just so they look
good it doesn't matter what's good my
mom bass guys don't look good though oh
my god there was just a couple at the
bar today I swear she wasn't that 25 she
was second down the drink and this guy
had to be 80 yeah Natalie at a bartender
girl she comes back up no one is she'd
be pounding them drinks down she go how
could you be with something like that
and be nice you know yeah
no oh she was am I seriously now that
there had to be a 70 age difference that
was really bad but you want her damn
like he was just sipping his like where
are they going did you ask him
no they were Jillian's customers but I I
just like are you sure they're published
does yesyes sure
hey guys are already a true love okay
but maybe fuckin
oh yeah
some say that use inertia that used to
be me member I went on the date with
that 85 year old man around like 19
gonna have to have a couple shots and a
little half of a mile
I couldn't even do that I remember his
spaghetti was all over a space he had a
carrot a voice and Robin ham that men
need should give it up with the young
girls it's like honey they're just and I
know they don't care but it's like just
grateful I feel for them well I think it
did yeah I don't know I don't get it I
in it everything hey well I'm full among
other people but everybody else's think
it's opposite somebody needs to tell
them but that doesn't care about summer
said money isn't worth it by spaghetti
wow there's a lot of them out there like
that - it's like no yeah well if you
unless you go out they don't age very
well their skin gets saggy like right
now I heard of your mind ecology last
night down hmm
one of your men called you laughing you
know he's going up Phoenix yes it's a
rap
he's been Shaq ever since heard another
one that's always sterilized well why
did you ever say no you must before me
maybe that's why though no he's got okay
sounds awful but he didn't get a rash on
his arms and he's got pain in his legs
and Deepak's not working and I really
don't know what that is
what's a z-pak what you know any package
I don't know I heard it as knee pad Oh
what so heel or dump them they said what
is it slow healer dump him
oh yeah here what's your - the guy had
before you I dated for a month a human
always sick I think it about twice in a
month away okay summer seven replac hold
your poopin no are they bed probably
that's not what it means it is true
river bed here on buttons and hold your
poop in it and everywhere famous
somebody told me Tybalt ignored only
went with him one time like yeah aren't
you all gotta gonna have Google right
now are you guys kidding me I think
that's when me y'all need a colon
cleanse
he doesn't like unison what he says he
has he had like you really doesn't like
you
you gotta drain his poop bag oh well
sure was a guy that had a pool day he
didn't care oh she had a problem I had
to have that years ago
I'm not a pack metal bad brother the key
in plums not strawberries okay so I'd
like apples II was but I went out with
him once I think which is Browns I'm
pretty okay at this point I don't like
you after the incidences you had so once
I know I'm just over it too far away
like only needs but here glad to be in
bed by 7:00 so we have to go out by 4:00
keeper - well I maybe should Jason where
you work them and they understand we're
at work yeah okay here's a hot one a
doppel I like him but he teaches my
friend it makes me like watch huh and
they're not was when he was there for
one yeah you money met I met - oh not
Eddie Edouard always changed it to make
it sound more satellite units you're
Eddie you forget it
and some of the date the owner of what
may be your place you work at oh really
yeah I need a rich cowboy that's right
I'm half back so happy you're still here
where'd you go
this is your diet my mom has me and
she's like I'm eat now it's gotta go to
bed after this I betcha I gotta go gotta
finish my cocktail your Moscow tell to
make and not a nice little everyone guys
are gonna go to your place of work now
recognize me thing here yeah okay go to
my mom's we're sons you don't care
Oh care what are they gonna do
appreciate please the best reaction that
is after you're right that's so sure
that anyone should come cameras hear
them because can't okay I might be
working there long so I'm going to give
you chips lol you can't go in there to
prolong they should give you a raise
bringing customers we're never gonna
raise Doug says what your schedule he's
coming in perfect done okay okay well I
said race you're just oh your side's
loud a lot Bryson I think your bedroom
is echoing no i standed loud all right I
think I got to go eat okay I gotta go
work out and Wow we were a two hours
that we made a passive to our March it
was fun talking to you be tiny if you
want okay all right I love you love you
guys too
a boy says bye I don't get off your butt
oh I'll be on and everybody's a lot of
real head okay fine what do I do with it
I'm not nothing right now but they buy
so we will know you're gone okay bye
gone alright guys I have been on few
hours I going as downhill hour and a
half that is what happened thank you
Mike for over 58,000 likes it's amazing
enjoys almost so much for coming I love
them a rhomboid comes on bein my eating
show it's over and I might reply to face
ever
we never details what my actual life so
the only communication we have is in
FaceTime lately and so I love you guys a
lot this isn't so much fun I guess so
addition to this stuff Mason they get
resolved our thing to everyone for the
bar is the comments the likes just for
being here it's awesome I am going to
work out to follow me on instagram i'm
at one point one afghan watches 1.2 I
just can't repay this my name um Vanya
the cornea my pluses a mean that's so
unflattering and so ugly
um go there and say hey check out Jack
Lee Sims Instagram and look at his
latest picture that I said I want to
good for you girl with a cardio Nia go
to Tiffany holidays beauty by Tiffany
and comment hey you and tell you so
follow me first
first off we just going to ollie idea
alright so that's my Instagram follow me
I gonna leave a beautiful comment on
that ugly as mean over there and say
you're beautiful and then go over to
beauty like Tiffany RN to she was
getting so much a I felt so bad for her
- there was all your lips but now that
the clones honor one but all your looks
look good she posted this transformation
on her page so please deliver some love
be awakened erm because she is very few
gone it was really amazing i what she
does and when i'm final one yes you any
others actually i'm saying you can do
this this is Jack Lisa 92 to the guy who
plays King Joffrey I left a comment and
I'm one Tom he should marry me as if not
fallen g-girl well you know just in case
my mom's Islam of that bath and my
sister Natalia down remember give them
thermo I went out back five eight three
my mom's Instagram she's at 48,000 once
you can go to 50,000 and then smell Kate
um she's at 98 thousand one sequin
Virgil hunter case she was really love
that she was on for a few hours last
night
oh my salsas worse if you call me ugly
and I told him but I got one about was
back he thought huh and I'm supposed me
um mrs. Hale Dolph Ziggler and I miss
him I shouldn't have I made a video
bottom go say um Tricia fucked up she
sorry but please date her and get her on
the picture Thank You Ethan for 2000
bears
um I first have a lot of things oh
that's really so you know look II do
busy Berg thanks so much for coming in
here I real of her she's actually lived
close to my mother and me you're talking
about Game of Thrones got me into it
oh good yeah game tons of fun I'm
actually gonna watch that but I actually
like to work out like I always do go
work out
I just mean I guess my food like oh I
had like an hour to my friends picking
up summer is just my food and she'll
thanks for the cool chat thanks mate am
so glad you got on here and I love you
so much like I feel like I'm collecting
all these little playmates but I like
what's up to you on MySpace it's like so
cool till I talk to them and I don't
know well anyways um not sure she stood
you up
well technically he did but didn't
accept your fan mail turn on bars
oh and Danielle you can jump says I love
you Trish you're so Bay from Lauren 1883
tee shot on my channel looping mama in
1988 that's it all right love you guys
oh thank you love you macabre a love you
be attack love you is oh let me Theresa
P let me say our best
Trish stood up Jon Snow last night or
doing hmm you know nothing Jon Snow he's
winter yes call me alright thank you
much my mama for the apply the run go
check out her channel this year for 1988
I'm doing this a newborn she got some
dance now might be lazy house is I love
you guys and uh you know like a short
you can cook you used to work them off
have some sex complain about boys most
of all subscribe to my YouTube channels
and I love you guys and I will see you
soon while we're economic summit both
this morning's live show in the
slideshow will replay on the YouTube
that composter supply now just students
on our Gossage
