mmm I'm so hungry
and bring a flatbed it just further
waffles and hash browns this is tenderly
hexam always resolve problems sniffles
whispering live chat before I pay about
Monday oh why not
what then one's a center top oh hey good
morning everyone
is it more fun I am aware that you're in
mourning on that clock right now
good morning Trish hey guys want to come
make some brick some breakfast what
should we have for breast today well
let's have some hash browns which take a
little while because I like to dance and
preheat oven to 400 you always go like
one sorry I know I have a millennium
before I get addicted after the
addictive personality I hope you also
why when I'm watching your videos well
the videos always be there you don't
have anything disruption I'm not having
the bracelet good for me Oh half round
you're a great teacher thank you to
living your life oh hey I really
appreciate that hi this is how I make a
little Hansel brocade later so these are
hot Browns and gasps traitor Zhao see I
preview my oven to 400 and I have to
hash browns little is very fuck up I
know Oh Kiki it's a simple cookies
there's a frog I see them and I make
care Jose waffles which are amazingly
very favorites a hammer and also she's
in there out for fighting Hannigan's
very waffles which are sold out at the
time everybody would cities I read it
was just oh fuck good morning yellow I
don't think I've really common
highlighters showed up so I Sabina my
microwave or my microwave my absolute
this exact or was my I'm seeing yoga
flat iron Trisha stemple's out
I'm gonna move attritional would be
success support position is very
exciting appreciate horrible one
well that everybody's confessional pool
I want you in champagne that puzzle not
sorry missing our monoi another golden
listed out I can do cosplay so it's
leave
office before March 2
even
but why that I really delicious
blueberry waffle right this if I had
kids this is what this piece before the
wall which this little internship here
in the morning we're alive another day
missile fucks you happening with your
own a thank you Alex for me for $100 not
all clear you got a guy upstairs
I wish stop me be a lot I miss Johnny
but I'm like so hungry at home by Abby's
mad
I like starving Jeffrey was over TJ
our soul of the wine Hashem good morning
phantom member aren't you no one can we
made you I was not given immunity only
medium that was I know local Matt Barnes
robber Leonard I serve on a night coming
back in she's bought a jar but you're
what round first in the water jar so all
right sit down with you guys now but
they made both the waffles all right one
more syrup on these two and then we'll
sit down I got I can't even am the only
one left I do a live show cuz it's too
lonely I feel like not work yeah clearly
here's your's
alright set you guys over here so if you
got Maris you can see the V ha ha
yeah thank you for the hundred bars
serene that's like real low my video
finish formalizing a headed to the video
to for you do you guys see just 30
minutes long edit if you guys do that
last night during a power outage yeah
power outage scary
let's look better I think
YUM I just woke up so I look really
crazy I woke up like these mmm
went to After Prom last night it's all
over it with After Prom
let me do you think with you a few more
that sounds much better LOL first fork a
knife
thank you change my fork a knife and
myself hmm
askew but we're having humming keyboard
here thousand roomate every watching
read all morning
thank you Triana where do I your dresser
look we're just leaking down from my
stuff what times where you are is 10
a.m. 10 15 head as I was around
is it freezing wrong with you I'm going
too much shut up open and then breathe
no you're good
you want a revolution or one of
evolution that was not relation and I
wish you to be self-evident but I'm
going to pay eight bucks
it was literally mean why are you
Sabrina more oh well I think I'm fine
not really
oh look at them it's not exactly for you
guys
how about words anyone here delightful a
pint for three hours you know I want
waffles we're good
no egg and not miss morning as you have
fun coming home while I'll shoot you a
new record their more deserving are so
sweet or show but that guy's hunter goes
near you the blueberry waffles with
pliers syrup well wasn't done well some
branches bare hands hmm nothing you
don't have your favorite time let me go
out today you guys well you're eating
Haskell well that was I'm not your
friend I said the whole thing's mouth I
won do did you think good off I actually
did I was really tired I fade up editing
I say to my sister after we did live
show just for love of she was really
tired turns big mouth gets a girl break
I'm not that measure myself but it is
that we're gonna do
I'm not work out you might wanna watch
two rounds they're done Aaron days slow
down the sonic workout the packages goes
they run like stupid errands today whose
life is life when were here to work that
waffle cream I'll try
thank you for the applause and go Brady
didn't teach our YouTube channel she
doesn't post on anymore though she had
fun now she loved it laughs ice was fun
she was a surprise she wanted to do it
yeah okay with me - I can't pronounce
your name but where can I buy a nice and
loud puffy stickers um I got mine
personalized tour dozen cookies shot and
we take I my hair questions I'm so happy
I mean P so with you right now hmm all
in good hands - so you're not my freezer
how that we all do
remember whenever think about your next
meal when they're eating don't look Nick
inform me of old I'm eating waffles -
which one am you there is no better
hello from Bulgaria
I mean Italian what'd you learn upon so
soon we got breakfast foods I love I
love hashbrowns of waffles page they can
why do people come on here at distance
culture and one Mariel know to write
their tiny feel everyone thank you I
really know anything about like how I
eat and why charging my phone got to
watch Oh business I never really like
noticing because no one's ever pointed
out to real life like stuff to me I'm
not liking my own family wide like my
judgment of Knox I even have my own
family which is something and my so much
enjoyment really notice it
have you seen Book of Mormon I have I
haven't seen it since it's been here
nothing
let me just went to my plate to
successful successor and I'm rich at my
house I'll see you at chunky for the
thousand bars would rise up now you know
Fujio Thank You Kelsey sunshine lol for
the thousand bars
180 Cal a Sacramento Stacy show up even
thousand bars book what are your
thoughts on actual Mormon Ellis LSD LSD
lbs what are they safe ah I don't know
what about the Rope the religion the
little girl in my loss and found videos
thank you and sort of honors Eckstein
around 500 um there's a little girl and
her dad OH
Babar's and yield there's a very sweet
and generous um their family was Mormon
I a genuinely AK I'm always so curious
what people are open to it you know I
feel like you don't wanna pry but if
people are open and they are you know
for me anyway with my religions who love
questions I tell them you know what I
believe in and if they ask them as
anyone would care is necessary to die
I'm Nessa scared I possibly can be want
to ask these questions so I don't know
much about the Mormon Church but it's
interesting you guys do believe in Jesus
they're dead and all of that big don't
write me before you go to book a more
with the datastore against of it I want
to be it
mr. Nash to go make whereas if you take
chances and rest from its from
Victoria's Secret they have a concise
because I have one like every color
black ye p.m. have you listened to do
our Hansel actually come by and watching
Tony Awards and I saw that they won
earned the guy one but I haven't kind of
had an interest really and I have to
really be interested thank you late make
sure to protect her bars go CB y fantasy
I found my mom actually on Oh wasn't
punished it or Memorial Day Thank You
McKenna Harris in a snap as ukhimath Eon
thank you Reagan Irish love for the
thousand bars houses story video time
Martha Washington here up in here
yeah looks crazy I don't know mmm
honey kiss energy Wow
I say hours of effort me my daughter
says hi I was really on hey aren't you
have some pretty no I like them
Bareilles and crispy take a minute how
do you looks pretty right now girl you
guys are very sweet all in all I will I
do thank you
they are Christians when I was sure
could use Christ latter-day date thank
you for clearing that that does make
sense
fuckin idiot sometimes
look around look around some of you are
be alive right huh I couldn't chat with
you just now will you just flip you
looks better cgpm you want to really I
don't know exactly I don't know I'm
gonna trust that awkward with pancakes
one gotta go forever
um in a matter of time pancakes if I may
come in for good one fuller more cheese
here I mean I've seen with it Oh 5,000
pounds we should all a bit are we will
and I'm leaving nothing back on a dinner
time maybe I'll come back on at once
your time thank you shout see if it
sounds like I don't always do like three
hour long shows but that was fun
when you do make a video you haven't
done one in a long time actually blog
today if you guys go to my blog today
it's called a stuff again um I have flex
mainly so like ointment up to think of
makeup my dress my that will think he
went to get the time of year um you look
at awesome thanks babe how the hell did
he level I was flying him well for any
I'm a fast reader I see album the most
part stops English I'm the same the same
way two seconds
we're also polish a couple lectures you
don't like suit this is amol advice what
time is it for you now it's 10 26 come
back in through lunchtime I just check
in every time I eat I don't ously I
wouldn't put the fun anything good Thank
You Veronica
a Veronica Allison who everybody started
working base we guys let's make mmm
Tamara pressures on a bluesman and what
is it
this is awesome what's for watching this
morning where's the half song let's go
check out on y'all
Oh
what are your grades are hassle to get
burned or Morgan me so perfect for me
always thank you for the applause for
the area missed some skins looking so
great thank you
what's the best Chinese my sword from PS
change if you can there's not one near
me thank you i expensive 500 bars and
welcome back time to from the devil
hours I watch Game of Thrones
Thank You Exxon Natalie to this handsome
mom saver she's taking piece of a
factory Snickers Snickers she's big
lately
I'm the lemon Roger I like that game um
how do you touch it with your hands
another Dragon's fire cannot burn me uh
what are your favorite books gave us our
personal trainer sauce I don't really
have thoughts who they don't really have
working trainer
what are you watching with rose on I
actually felt one comedy DS but actually
downloaded it from thank you poem
because house of art from um I can they
have it on there I'm at $35 for each
season which basically is my personal
trainer because I don't allow myself to
watch it up here upstairs and with him i
watch it with a while so it's all for
all the new episodes I haven't seen yet
I watched on the elliptical I'm not you
know star but not every morning I don't
that was yesterday morning Oh for the
confusion the wake up with me today
would still be yesterday um so what I
was talking about last night for Jon
Snow guy with some Sunday night and then
I sit up with me blogs with some
yesterday and what you call show the
strap guy which last night
I have hurting a lot of dates I set up
bed never come through so I'm really not
that bit well in my okay that
I know I feel like I can see the
confusion but I can edit like a video
that fast
well I'm a critic s but in order to guys
like wake up with me like I like to have
it
thank you say laughter at the thousand
bars what do you say you're talking
masters and we actually use a charcoal
mask now you like Melisandre no my new
one is not with Melisandre on Game of
Thrones
sue-shaun no to the a.m. date kinda I
would go see if he texted me again
he asked me a couple times one is
expressed a medium then I debated if I
would was 10:30 now he's think I'm going
on today tomorrow on Thursday I have
quite a fish so I gone so we'll see
what's the next nail color I didn't ever
get like sparkles like shorts sparkles
woman yells just something like you
because I'm gonna get my long French
ones back at the end of next month a
more needy second secret are but I'm as
who is it 10:30 a.m. I have eaten all
the guys responses for a day three thank
you for the thousand bars how do you
actually write the image or scripts oh
really good I just started so I got some
books below that Mother's Day you
wouldn't have to bluff um so I have
finished the first one the books are
like a little more complicated to read
for me personally um I think that's all
like you should have another chance well
I think I kind of screwed that up I love
him so much and I should have I thought
his leash this left on it and gone out
with him the next day because he is
probably like probably the one that was
meant for me and I fucked it up so it's
awesome I'll cook you Tess Brown
I'm gonna use my flat support question
down here reprogram your everyone I
don't like to mix the surrogate
Sarah okay ready for the pattern you got
a hash brown mmm nurse eating is there a
little hot I know when I'm cool for a
sec
I love hash browns Mornington potatoes
last night and this morning I laugh at a
house what's the title person um dr.
Ziegler's wrestler yes he is uh I got
are so good
Troy passed on so so but it isn't
without a classroom approach it for all
my fellow foodies out there one's enough
completing show what models do one with
me remember I had to I need every mom
bless her heart she's so funny I love my
mom do you like have shown the ketchup I
don't like ketchup that is one thing
about me people think it's weird
it is weird everywhere I know love
ketchup my brother and I you - not like
ketchup mmm
or hot thank you so much for the 500
bars Thank You Laura Starling some
sophomores did you just wake up right up
I like didn't but I always am bad for my
souls like maybe an hour then I'll come
on computer for an hour so yeah I kind
of like to wake up you know judge
tomatoes know which is why I don't like
a cup right all right tomato juice
load new Starbucks drink caching um
walking around macchiato I like I gotta
make a note and you wash my dishes J at
like skip reminders also do that I do
have to run myself cuz I like literally
not do it and I'm like so hot all these
dishes
I don't like keep on it you know I mean
I guess soon as I see a dish I wash that
like that I'm like kind of grades up
Thank You sushi bunny for the facts
about sushi went cuckoo she and her on
sushi my own assembly lost my channels
with that's mostly like what I like
all done up that's a starving and I want
like a big-ass meal
you always we got nails up mmm
rod we do the M since that large process
tomatoes you're right I know we're
personally I don't like I kind of eat
cheese like a block of cheese or string
to use as wool what I'm so gross me yeah
I used Rosie's magazine I chase new sub
I like EEP stick are you mean a guide a
we'll see if he if he checks I didn't
text them back last night one yeah for
tomorrow morning early afternoon and
then I'm sure who's that on your phone
case khal drogo na Jason Momoa guys
often are the worst
mmm Gaby exper mmm Thank You Mundy's 100
bar time - yes mommy you look poppin
thank you mama you know I woke up like
those literally huh
did you james rolman civil I only Dave
Grohl's Q I think back to my house up
with a seat belt and yes I would date
him
did you ever try searched my bag - Roy
there was a couple who let my cart I
understand what like their appropriate
place felt like it on people and I
honest is a guy trying to have me at
church I would be a little weird a bit
like uh what your eyes were chopped
no one's your necks weakness a twist we
can wait and hang on my nails hair I
don't know exactly one yes but that
wasn't even right anybody that legit
just happened
Charlotte thank you for the violin
democracy are you capable yes me Oliver
was a little piece before me all and I
we got on watch really Amy um nothing
birthing hmm
I love your lips a styling as I'm mimosa
I wish and every champion in that
launcher this morning and what can be
she's moving we all drop what you just
miss your mouth F&E you like just feel
super embarrassed your like who don't
even know how to eat I'm a hash brown
still pretty much why can't I eat we're
about that yeah don't mean I do that for
me advisor by actually thank you I have
yet to get one done mostly out of here
I'm going on a trip or to the summer and
I kind of want to I know it sounds
validate I don't want to know something
I don't think if anything I don't like
to lead all my heart
but I want to wait that if I get bad
news I want to wait after my trip I know
it sounds stupid but I don't wearing
that I've always wanted Iowa Kate was
scared you want to get complicated
answer I saw for so long because I just
didn't want to know what I miss drum
this waffle eating show that was very
exciting if I'm going into the end of it
- mom I don't ignore my new nose that
Thank You valves bars
what's the bump on your forehead it's
not a bump it's discoloration I use
bleach on it from stress or something I
thought something I wanted the
dermatology come with the name web that
can I remember
do we each hash brown the same way I
know oh thank you sub baby pink eight
red a 14,000 like when you're awesome
and I'm working out there was 5,000
bull's-eyes thanks again I love your
nails thank you ideas for your big 30
next year and I'm not about that Iron
Man
probably party maybe I thought it was
guys girls noise only one that's almost
um I've been working on it
let's get over to Israel beauty when it
was beautiful knees love a nerd inside
watch me honest but I was I just ordered
Domino's nanogen songs awesome
I've been all many fruits dominoes can
you imagine what do i do gentlemen for
our intro I never stop beating as I'm
not amazing but also really awful and
torture Isis I got this real quick
this like a submission to shop I'll go
see what Hawking's a minute button
oh I go back to sleep I'm off back by
8:00 okay nice and asleep again
21 for jumbo I'm next no I
my origin when I want to be in the
ground Clarissa I would love to be a
friend and cry over having no love life
hmm actually me and was like to my
friends it's over seven inches on the
big side don't know what you're
referring to I can guess though Melania
is called Melania I'm Alana that sounds
right I can never do another routine
this video game yeah I'm your sheet I am
I should do a summer one huh especially
you bitch sometimes all the time you
ever missed a beach house I missed that
area I just could be gonna survive the
house was definitely too small for me
all my stuff um but it was cute I like
there was it too cool like first adult
apartment with my own adult apartment it
was definitely an amazing first one back
do design take our job I track you know
I should do it for like real how would I
I should I try again I did it but I
didn't finish it I'm gonna be such
action makes me think I think about it
are your eyes they're blue ah when does
your tour start in the fall you try your
own animated show that would be so cool
right okay I always watch sure you know
well thank you for being me sighs jeans
are you I'm usually a 12 jeans always
sit weird
um which boyband is your favorite and
think for sure
um we don't I shower with your Brooklyn
I shall we make your blue eyes pop will
she do that
yeah this one is a 1 mega Bart I love
the Alex achieve era he puts on brown
eyes
I mean it's always like some gorge
you're right to do it alright yes I have
to go edit some videos and yes shouldn't
you know that I work out but maybe I'll
come back on soon I'm sorry to supply
the short one
that's what he said but thanks guys for
you know come and join in thanks from
thousand bars in Iraq there's a way to
become a fan somewhere I'm sure
so it can just give you everything so
press to press appearance you'll have a
passive-aggressive a lot I'm not no I'm
doing it I really I truly go I wish I
honestly did but but my mom my sister
and I obviously we have relationships
the way we talk to each other is how it
is I don't know kind of like I'm not
defending him but I like the daddy off
I'd like people have fucking weird
family lives and it works I guess for
them but that's a different division
about natural feels like we don't we
don't shoot each other or shit like that
you know I mean it's fans whoo whoo
Thank You Paige G yeah just um I know
become Sam I don't know how you do it
do it um because I will uh you know I
look around here I love talking on here
like what I want to eat I come down to
the kitchen I'm usually watching my iPad
or something I was Melanie just chat so
hope you guys don't mind I thank you
Alexander for the thousand five I love
you so much love into my I am so
magician you hear me Wow anything like
that's just your computer so what you're
telling me um I love it okay then you're
probably much for letting you know cuz
he just be ahead and quit it but we have
it on almost 40 minutes all right guys I
will talk to you all soon my computer
keeps freezing on my end they're not
freezing at home don't turn cancer I
definitely don't do that I don't know
what your done me or you're just like
putting it out there love the message
she'll repeat it definitely don't lie
never do uber lyft walk you want to get
when using Hamilton yeah where is it at
where you going
I'll be there I guys what's wrong here
Mills yeah this is a good one this was a
solid meal okay I see you guys tomorrow
maybe I'll do next night who knows
I'll read I will see you all very soon
well I was number six on top broadcast
your shit leaving at my heyday we exact
live tonight speaking of lemarchal for
that fire right
oh wow what am I doing with my life
maybe he deletes if ever I had to bribe
healthy basis chat nice dress and a why
go out a good nervous habit
