oh hey everyone will put some of these
dishes away okay getting away many ones
in here if not watching this on replay
good way start once again I already
worked out so not that you're a bitch in
the whole time like I'm going to work
out
hey girl hey Emily everyone convene here
yes through the halfway broken onyx
robot unpack I got a bunch of healthy or
something set well a lot a little here
we're happier nonetheless food is like
for anyone curious
hey girl how are you good I just worked
out I'm writing a Barbara fries I got a
shower get my nails done crazy and
laundry all the boring parts of being an
adult I'm only doing this for like a
couple minutes someone get here and get
down to business
PETA sees good usually fun actually no
I'm going tomorrow I'm gonna exact time
yet one time tomorrow
Oh all things are right Josh thank you
for the 55 is your name we love you to
the emergency again valuing dinner what
time is a Sephora clock here if I eat
your dinner that when I was out meeting
with you immediately
I've always eaten early not just going
to do now I just eat early but I eat
first day in the morning too so really
Hillary the mornings I'm going to eat
where's my power button except resolving
where's your volume and I'm like I will
try my tit it is there we got our
popular male analogy with is really
listen great thank you yeah I should
have an update for you guys on Friday
I've had Margot's actually I'm gonna
Claudio a live show why not for my
non-date with friend of - I'm gonna get
to that with my friends
so I'm going out tomorrow night I gotcha
I watched you tomorrow maintenance stuff
you guys know how those hi blog tomorrow
thank you for the hundred five Lauren
we're going to sit down meet y'all in
just a second
just listing a few dishes and wash this
one actually car blog yep our blog and
actually have some exciting things they
are putting a new nail color so we'll
figure that out that action would be
tonight I get the new nail color I'm
using hummus
no it's so funny I don't like comment I
like to eat a bread that comes with the
hummus
I'm actually the best person to hear
like chips and guac whoops I don't like
guacamole
I'm the best person to share hummus on
pita bread with so I don't like hummus
so it's more for you I'll be watching
video so called sustainable this is like
my mac and cheese one I like to call it
because if I just make pasta I can just
ridge that which is like going out with
water at an angle considering dollar so
low right now
I got a washing true she pencils always
hand wash those because very special to
me there are so many new daddies and
Game of Thrones oh I've been finding
them on Twitter next up lost fat let's
talk about so much we need to do a car
moves on I feel you look like girls like
you like people don't like those I do
love you Anna Pardo take my things are
well past 9 Thank You suburban why I
don't know anyway I have some hand wash
all my like drink where it got weird
it's not weird but an article potential
is extra clean at all times right is it
enough so I'm also getting a spray tan
tonight I know polic√≠as pale and I'm
doing a Khaleesi softly oh there is a
conics around as we get a natural
Tennessee if you go to our Nashville you
guys need to go I am so freakin dollar I
would be there in a heartbeat
I actually looked into it thank you very
much miss you guys I swear I looked into
it that is something I would be able to
get cuz I have something I have to be
back Saturday night anyone was going to
become this weekend I'll be there so
badly
oh you have an asshole here it'll freak
you mannequin apart but we need to go
the guy who plays Ramsay just going to
be there honestly it's it's Bravo tyrion
um Narus a little finger
even if Jorah
was there I would go I love ran through
those who I like his character a lot and
I think that we saw his dropper was
there I'd go it's just like the only I
hate anti-sexist only a good one it's
gonna be there is ramsey supply
Nashville good hotel and I could do it
for us at Dillon just a villain alone
give me all the villains Hodor
bran Sansa see your see Paris I will
post it down then weddings in effect you
are you guys and then hopefully the
groceries will be here and then the food
is ten minutes away so we pump it down
in the chef move poor little only
champagne black just a single drinker
okay I don't really want to be honest
without being a stinker maybe everything
in the world
the other ones a good friend when when I
have people clean these are always a
little bit sauce if you don't want to
get water in the things right let's do
it just kind of go into particular
washing technique I just can't go in I
mean it's inevitable you will get it a
wet but if I ask you then at the other
day is to puck right watch this strong
all right
that makes me feels so much better since
he dishes it funny business I've been
dieting
there we go get any Starbucks water cups
tonight and I see with that all right
watch your brother should be here looks
at me a minute Thank You Saunders's if
you like and I gotta wash towel once
every couple weeks I like to do this
thing called adult in you he's doing it
what did you order I got burger we have
burgers fries root beer float and onion
rings come in so very exciting there's a
clean there sure I hear the post meet
you guys know how to ear for this watch
ready you get a cut dog or kitty no why
groceries and W root beer all so excited
we'll have a root beer float how's your
actually I contact you I wish you know
I'm always be done I know how the dumper
and the dumpy because you're in um yeah
my big chair sure you want to play
Jericho up and home people have started
on aa little funny people ask me all the
time
I don't be the worst post I don't know I
honestly think I just got lucky know
what I mean
an orange back full blast well then -
yes I'm to go to the grocery store check
with me propose me to the best thing
ever I capital isn't it amazing host
needs more clothes make they're coming
what weight is pulling I was even afraid
show on its time on you nice and cold I
can have a root beer float out of my um
I'd you're gonna nothing goes wrong I
want to risk is often put this in the
freezer until I'm done eating and it
printed out for life you won't after a
while Rick dies and suffer not really
does that sound roast
you know this out I would be broken at
both nights here oh my god I voted NO on
business
I just that was really boring for a fee
but at a I have a wreath on my drink
I love obviously there's no I love my
liquid apple banana I'll show you I am
white bread sandwiches like grilled
cheese see where's know which is 18
which is my show
yeah bananas and I got no ice cream and
Cool Whip for their people really fun
put that's pull up in the fridge and you
put school up in the freezer so much for
me I put it in that I'll tell you that
when you go tell me post make the riving
now if your friend hungry I haven't
which is my freezer oh I do
are you fucked up oh okay Megan suppers
in the fridge like want enhanced thought
I was dead fail skin I know I go back
and forth with it I'm just a
self-conscious little bitch I guess I'm
putting a hole up in the fridge there
y'all you all convinced me my freezer
right when options concerns back a
tunable free fish I just put in freezer
it's all in the freezer so that put in
the freezer but why is the trees are
like off music broken baby shit aside
waiting to break it it's beyond hold
join with me my fully stocked fridge
right now do you budget the ball Japan
out no big deal if I just kinda comes
out moving it is it before you guys can
tell what I like right
oh hi Rosie I love the iced teas I'm
gonna happen this lemonade this is
really good but once one gets low right
more cheese always gets low I take a
picture of it so I'm gonna close me up
you can take a picture sometime but this
is so good I turn on how to shoot with
this light but I try to filled enough
we'll have it too much but how's your
mother for 30 days you know Barry's not
gonna lie
but today it's good so where's the bird
from stout okay you Gabriel the search
bar from stout y'all listen have another
people need I just watch it am I my
people so please still I love your
kitchen I feel like it - thank you I
want to move right
we're gestures you know I never talked
up tomorrow I it's not that I added them
but I just having to some nail it
doesn't fit up now but one way to wake
up with new ones that I won without you
are also people in like wake up with it
what's 40
oh it's because like I said I'm actually
I could put some ice beam yure that
would actually really good um I'm going
to have that at Starbucks later today I
guess excited ki lemon are really
refreshing so distraught that I suppose
that ah well I'll block it in here
normally do that I'll try and melt it
that is refreshing
woo thank you even Johnson for the
thousand thousand bars um Trish you're
deaf I'm a daddy thank you
ah I love you and I watched you forever
thank you so much a vegetable called
dinner tea oh really
oh I'm an idiot I got to never read that
I got in pretty big autistic
yeah Thank You Elizabeth for the five
thousand flow or five thousand black
booty dance
oh and Jasmine rain so the five thousand
Barbie begins thank you um Thank You
Trisha oh I love the name for the five
thousand bars
I love her shake shake shake dance and
keep the rent for the thousand wires to
shake shake shake hands and a squeegee
where the Sun I love our we love to
shake it shake it
um you guys any more I just waited
something do I said what I just fit and
I put on my Instagram I feel like I want
to press my big water eyes and I was
like you know outside them these days
really if you don't went on Instagram it
doesn't happen which can be good and bad
sometimes my own I don't quite on the
internet people don't know
oh just real and it's awesome and people
only know what you put out there which I
put up in the other but you know what I
mean um you pose as ever and I do a
couple pet that scare me I'm so did you
scare myself
um what happened to Senate you nothing
oh really nothing I just been on a break
I have some shit coming up and I'm just
like taking a break for a good like
month but I have a lot I have some crazy
shit coming up and I don't much care for
or so
um I got bruises my hands up that bass
sounds awful watching you making peanut
butter cookies
Oakland where cookies on bomb I love
peanut butter anything you look so
beautiful you ever expose me I don't
feel like it at all I feel the opposite
of beautiful but thank you let's just go
to order at Chipotle
I can see chicken a veggie burrito Thank
You Nikki for the 500 phone love you and
Gigi's documentary on Victoria group
thank you I am I got it so crazy
um I remember when she's so nice
actually films are coming out of her
boobs Richie like I was like filming
that because our dad was there and talk
like that and it's so crazy to think I
remember today I told me it from she's
like for like pushing a vlog back then
which like it's like a blog or it could
be like a movie one day and I was like
you know your head with your friends you
just you don't think you know you don't
think about stuff like that at all so I
was just like okay like you know what's
been going blog or she's just doing this
for personal photos like who play no
idea was going to actually see this
movie in a huge movie yet that like it's
like Sam's own boards for any
consideration from all over LA it's like
super cool and super awesome to see that
from like some friends that you know
Thank You Gracie Jones for the salad bar
why enjoy yeah she's like I have to live
students initiate and they're blowing up
tomorrow once I can wake up with Mia
sort so I'm going to put that in the
morning and I'll put dinner one night
and also I'm a little behind I was like
I chose a blog and I was a pretty long
blog so I just kind of like got that
ride today but I guess you could I can
suppose with that one out check with
this one up out of order like then it's
both the other ones risking there's
smoke on you soon yes okay eat now well
this for my food I would eat now I'm
starving
where's the pose because post me is here
but I don't see it
absolutely separate room I do a shower -
I don't have a shirt on right now one
for cheap groceries actually I should
have seen a lot more
okay and the vicinity so it's coming
y'all so I'm told me um I'm going to
bring yourself up coming out burger
fries onion rings gonna have a root beer
float for dessert I'm so excited so I
still have this out hey sponsorship hey
vine and it mean enjoy some classes many
people made very refreshing pretty hot
summer days not fun hmm I better sweep
them I'm a magician don't associate
ourselves with your live show wasn't
trash
we found finally getting it done yes we
did was going doughnuts out here how far
into so long thank you Puccini recent
progress we did not have this nor that
your for so long and we have them
everywhere showing up everywhere I love
it
let your mug and fries I'll be holding
our tigers rafael de varela I'm the head
of us what I did so Saul get frozen how
do you feel about pal Drogo's s it was
really what I was really sad if I fuckin
loved Khal Drogo so much - I thought is
that a pussy way of dying like some a
nun fuckin infection I'll like really of
all the deaf and game with their own
security burger time
wrecking ball is on pastor stout burger
day videos compromised our burgers huh
let me ask why you like dr. wheelo it's
s permanently area didn't pull it all
done blow me at some point Michelle that
for scattering receipt YUM we have onion
rings mmm
Thank You CJ for the thousand bars and
have it be sort of cajun french fries
and we have day bugga which I'm very
excited about you must see the food so
excited
YUM I love burgers a bride is like two
of my favorite food item really plain
burger just fair warning my burger is
very plain you guys in Christ rather
than how there are still cooking bomb
and ice garlic fries filmography house
entangle zone on a liar here I'm always
eating on my life show so I do I'm a
reason to it the original moose climbers
are like Korean girls and they wouldn't
eat on camera alive and be trapped like
this so I feel like it's warm
authentic thank you lady born for the
500 bars if you ever get cherry I donate
to my church and I have to raise cherry
actually but I've in the past
by doing this winters every week right
wait wait
off with its realize you're way off
notice your figure
I'm having a tricky here with some pussy
goes good I'll also refuse there's
always someone fasting in here in my
room I fastened you but I'm sorry I had
to break I'm not going to meet his
videos for photoshoots come music so
I've just been eating webblock I want my
always talk about my period y'all like
not even joking I am sorry I said with
my thumbs with the insert on the ball is
so gross I'm a broke bitch on like two
days late on my period to see my bracket
thing I'm doing right here in st. Cyr
was so I'm always hungry when we show
you guys my favorite rapper hello one
day late bitch
it's fucking me English and I'm here I
didn't plant very specifically a Roma
period I'm eating so much
thanks Johnny Ford of ours once I period
here I thought eating as much but I've
been bloated I'm eating so much food my
baby shower Saturday I'll reparations
Angelina challenging your fury last five
days it comes every 28 days at clockwork
Oh a show that says mr. America Honor um
I just got a very plain burger what I
mean is a really good burger bite accept
me it's not for to be healthy yeah I
like not having keys on your burger not
do as you help you or whatever but right
I didn't like to taste the refrain
burgers I don't miss my period I never
do neither normally
the sauce on my resume saw me but it was
too fast areas at Green applicants and
SSA right well they said I'm having one
of those nights he's like what am I
doing with my life gives me good company
I am so nice all the time actually at
the morning as days North equity was a
nice sink Alexandre I'm eating burger
504s smells Leandra and adds giving me
50 life and people have to want to do
that like we just are all here to show
each other what hot messes we all
fucking are well it ends like my life
and I'm like happy with it makes easier
for the sounds right I like that nd tur
and a drama queen because even I wasn't
do this online and like it was like my
job or whatever I'm gonna be doing it
anyways so hey Brian who's Brian how are
you I'm good how are you stripping
Michelle now I'm wondering oh my I get
someone who every welcome to eat I'm
still bad
I sound like to do it with 4:30 I'm
always such a late starter I don't get
my day started it's like one I like go
to the different one I know we're having
one two three thirty when I putz around
I do my live show Thank You Brittany
fails Bryce
alright I probably want to my life shut
with my around this time but my whistle
suddenly dissolved by then so you should
date women already I do actually the
girl the boy and girl that I was doing
together they were a couple or at my
birthday party today ones with me on
their Instagram and everything so some
of those things worth if you don't post
it it doesn't happen and she wasn't
going to come Susan I'm kind like a
model I couldn't alternative model which
isn't on my channel I talk about it and
some success you know I was like as I
drove on the moon branches off and they
just beyond the kinetic forest people
have backwards become accounts I is that
FX was I'd never show up so the one guy
that's not McDowell right yeah one guy
all right oh my boy from wrong year
nothing looks delicious
Friday morning valium hmm my favorite
guy booth you're on Instagram that what
is the guy's name shit you guys now
mommy's name what's up beard
stop chat Hammerman I'm obsessed with
him do you guys know I've been watching
America's Got Talent like clips online
so I always recommend you so he was on
years ago and he actually was like
really funny is for partition Canada all
that fog machine or something and it
like me he forgot my entire crying and I
thought what I felt so bad that's like
how I I do all the time I'm always
working at which it thank you see
Jason's house much but here's our
YouTube worm I'm gonna show fuckin money
it looks like what happens video - grim
yes the eyebrows where the blonde wig
and a beard is so fucking funny I need
your clothes off imagine your lips is
not understanding the upper part mm I
must resolve what do you mean acting was
wrong I gotta run some errands get my
nails done
sprays meow shower laundry your cereal
I'm gonna go sleep can I get up into the
hot mess right now
my mom's mom is vegan a good time I was
like I found all the youtubers like by
which donate you're so friggin good I
can't handle it properly one right now
might way I love your people so much I
agree very much takes a look
Thank You Mia and for the 5,000 black
writers will tell Martha mm projecting
favor Game of Thrones moment when
council EC have sex and occasionally
turn around like you're behind some
check no and she's on top of you and
rise in shit and rose at your face mate
uh uh uh
oh wow their room woman I was like
laughing at laughing some real loud out
loud boom
what was it like laughing thought it was
here in seeing I was so funny on my
right hand I wasn't glad my um what was
that
Oh mom the news teams aren't sailors
feel better but it's nothing amazing on
your soul this isn't guys guys no if I
am given another chance this because he
looks like Jon Snow
what he's all drunk bedwetting
no I like that so it was like right
before that one can't think of it really
that's a little bit I want onion but let
me bring some surprise and you think it
was no haptics yeah oh yeah my grades
consist of in the morning I go down
these circles watching America's Talent
Game of Thrones like funny cats moments
um like just the most random shit that
gets recommended lately this true crime
things happen it's like this woman was
almost killed by her ex-boyfriend this
person was almost lit on fire brighter
softer I've been like those things keeps
getting recommended and I can't stop
watching women awful thank you mom for a
500 bars turning in a sandwich or cereal
milk
I don't even love some cereal milk the
sandwich size more like if you like to
eat a meal travel more and be more
travel blog there are two big surprises
that involve travel coming which really
next month so wet wife is in on your
mood thank you my dad is word for a
thousand bars you really are beautiful
even in those weeks on joints rubbing my
face is you up I'm sweaty I do walking
face your guys involved with the Laci
green drama yet what's going on tell me
the drama you meet at see even some like
a coke I've no idea behind zero
just like America found Game of Thrones
I'm like always been your friend
everything all right treadmill Ali watch
you
that's good point selection thank you
damn accessory like telling usage in two
hours my Instagram day I think was like
an hour and 11 minutes
I know 111 minutes would you like what
is that
did you guys catch all yep I would have
some for dinner tonight
what like a satanic period summer here
hmm
well Mike here is like Martinique so
whatever your looks very nice and thank
scream I'm so hungry
why are you different Boone eat so I'm
get that makes news on bunch of
youtubers and their names are so fast I
can't read I'm looking with Rome's
are will she was thrown halfway from
o-tar Kamerion do you even have to add
please many children I think Morris is
so amazing some of your ignorance I
really was a connection can't eat all in
your not because of it omen others who
watches just like Thank You Little Miss
per thousand live I did it you're in so
poem prefer my life voice degree is an
anti-feminist mouth I have no idea
without that thank you can seven
thousand bars me YouTube review max
automatically
have you tried the new arena checking
back yeah I'm not I'm not my thing
remember I sent my mom what on my live
show my taking me to a jack and Joaquin
each I'm like oh only one do a jack and
black eating show for my life
we're not personally what does your
generation Eakins is up I do light
weight and cardio for like two hours
earthquake just now not make much nutmeg
people Colin clean hot dogs looks long I
like pink since I don't like hot dogs
Columbia Gas color well enjoy em for the
robot to be changed about Saddam teenage
boy so I don't like ketchup I'm not like
that that demonstrated some video I
thought about that yesterday I didn't
watch it so I don't I don't know I don't
really mu school you know I think the
apology was a big never once apologized
the apology right people are gonna you
know forgive you or they're not they're
going to honor they're not like you know
what anything positive morning and
that's help to the height iPod
restaurant my share right about some
suspects ji pologize people are going to
save you or they're not your son one
Thank You Kathy for the sophomore week
at Lundy like that interesting that
you're here at see I get my hair done
her onto route hazard I'm wearing these
optimization a few guys were cool we are
at where I'm hanging out so more time on
that
I see I'm not like ignoring my idea but
it's like there's nothing
yeah to discuss but when there is new I
would marry I mean with Roselle you guys
was Dora you're so hot I knew the drill
names explain one key and Glenn thank
you Jack Taylor
groans brick de la Luzerne bitches good
always how long robber decade new
explosive as went on for a long time by
saying Dan dies in the lassies in our
glass of several exams like bitch don't
spoil it secretes you clean your face
who you reading at 5,000 I like your
frying it 5,000 what friends are we
talking about um mixed so honestly in
that question is like you would say
proper yourself right but who are the
friends needed it more than me always
with a friend right
remember a friend who is like equal to
me or makes me more insurance this is
fuckin be nor me but I'm also a selfish
bitch so I didn't warn ales no I thought
did you get orange open house it's red
but thanks for being real inhuman well
ok time we're due to go south slogan
are you scare away I think no but never
again like a major one I think it was
amazing want to be sued shitless yes
thank you mommy facade life I don't that
burr it's all glad to ever like remember
get your mom out applause girl I love
keep now I don't worry alone like
looking at them and I guess chuckles
your glitter again they'll take you no
but we are having a root beer float so
let them do the climax missile thing
that's a homemade is top just me my
elbow you also have let me I'm gonna
have pink lemonade except where I get
some water hold on one sec yeah and I
have to Arrowhead luck I got a bunch of
bad new waters restock this out I should
get my fridge but I always take the
arrowhead for myself because again the
ebb again the diamond one is sneaking
them but I was starting to drink okay
that's all I got in there so I've been
doing the chairs also made whiskey good
woman adjust all but one day I see an
amazing learning startup stand still say
about that mmm get my woman and forget
my mails them boys its rivers I'm step
Thank You Tyra see 4,000 bars so we
should another burger I was gonna share
with you guys is all the bite
history Gideon one that I know on the
years now I'm getting is breaking hi -
oh my attendees are you late texting
about money while you oh my god
I thought I couldn't be other day Marty
Raney's house welcome
I just wasn't in that condition
I'm a federalist result that one as well
I'm very sad is it cooler and be a
silver glitter I know I think really
basic and stupid book Thank You Danny
couple thousand bars have you ever had
Culver the fast inflation my wife yes
love it purple glitter I'm pretty
improved you know this is I got this
nice guy that I see but and here's a
genuinely nice guy pitch is busy and I
almost a comparison which is the farmer
life have you ever tried Whataburger
just like bunny talked about that
graveyard girl so we should go diving
out the team STD um we are finding scene
we're am a little oops well next week
I'm so excited
um you just stop using plastic water
bottles I know if it's poison do you
think you address those on bars gel
nails always don't nails you get a coach
really short ones but I almost could
just use my real nails now I mean I like
really short I'm going a long ones a
quest which ones there is 4:35
do a sushi respond I don't feel like
like shrimp tempura rolls and like
cooked sushi sushi tell blood job that's
really nothing to tell what do you look
for in a guy
hmm a guy who likes me give me a result
for a thousand bars I'm so hungry I'm so
sorry I made you hungry celeb crush you
guys already know my daddy Jason Momoa
Thank You Tyson for the thousand bars
yours what's that Chinese youtuber named
unique King just that in Beijing gig
wasn't when I was on watch juice became
popular true forever we so weird about
her fiance I ruined all the guys what
was that like a daddy-daughter thing no
shame on the case
have a lot of flash flash blocking for
Instagram right saw can we know what
someone blocks you you can't link will
sum up on your Instagram account we go
to Google refine agree for that
situation and lashes a wimp it's a weird
it's a weird thing I know I seem like a
tough girl and I am I am a soft girl but
that was just a weird story
it's so weird me out is still weird me
out around them contact him
why date assignment I was like oh this
mattress is not only him it was all you
guys is sick did someone just say like
me neither backwards
someone just say like on they can just
use like video right now there's all
kind of things that like today use like
for instance like it's your free
template let's say you guys are like on
Twitter and someone is eating my
pictures and if they left save time
someone can take this video and play
during the first time so it's like if
you didn't get people like this I can be
seen those people at this
thank you rise response marks but I
couldn't hear him just I'm one we're
saying you can't hear them that push
their way of being like you know to kind
of it around in that fake video you know
what I mean oh she supposed explanation
why nobody looks like I mean you know he
just left parson it's like if they're
not we're known what's the point you
know Louis last girl has a three-part
series on my channel this is gender fuck
boy
you should learn The Bachelor we all
know why I should not kill competition
thank you for the thousand bars
hey Trisha hi Janet you should go to
multi-ethnic blues club Chinese Japanese
American Indian Korean or one for deadly
I don't and since I'm so bad I'm not
gonna belonging right now we're with the
world fear flow I'm done oh oh my god
Indian boom when your time comes back
into the lifeless human ties
I like spices we don't love it I fries
it yeah let high overthrew that you clip
you have to eat a slip or rolls and
stuff I can do like sashimi
collapsing questions I'm Matt Moore your
questions a lot of the ones I've already
answered I mean it was fashion
mhm yeah weeks ago again cuz it hotel
casino mm someone asked if there was any
inner gate effect they use and you know
dinner a lot of Busboys they're really
hot um thank you bags you to the
thousand bars I don't know why but you
run a 24-hour on Hawaii their bread left
for Britney is a thank you want you to
do famous is so financing on a Vidya but
your shit to remember favor since I
don't really do favorites anymore I want
to my mom kind of is all kind of blurted
in each other for a second perhaps for
money tortellini my fridge right now
what's up with you with you and shaming
Lee there's nothing we are just honest
hot daddies was also read on I was
loving out with him nothing that second
something that literally reference
you'll most obviously I am one I like
I'm trying to plan I can't spoil it as a
seeing one mouth when does the podcast
huh um it'll be out probably afters
Jeffrey because Jeffrey was there the
day I was there plenty still has to go
up oh you know what I'm still probably
Jeffrey's there's this girl from clever
and the structured penis they were the
next momentum ie me
it was crazy I every time I go on there
my become thank you much
I say too much alright guys should we
have on root beer float time oh I get up
Oh
oh my goodness right there
hey guys ready
Thank You mighty for that checking a
minute and breathe our China psycho
right is with uh you know great I
wonderful thank you
root beer float room fourth of July with
long mm-hmm you know good
I just for some relevant overseen Sean's
new she um I have not known should is
mister should I go watch it um
Newton Lewin Roisin your supply carry
with it now um I'm pretty sure it one
the dog from the calf is driving guys
and also I don't know if I silence
that's probably like that because why
would anybody want to live with that
other person when you have your love
there and also I can't live with people
I'm like a nightmare to live with people
like I am so we're gonna ignore someone
claims Barbie in the Jap maybe the arm
if it if you are Barbie say your real
name because I know her real name it's
kind of a unique her middle and person
middle name
Thank You Flo writer for the thousand
dollars you think YouTube is going down
help no I don't it went downhill
and I think it's changing a lot I've
been on YouTube eleven years and this is
like the craziest change that's been
happening but as women with any platform
and you adapt adapt and go on with this
and you she's always gonna be my home
I'm always gonna love make some videos
instagrams I mean I just like to post a
post it's not like oh they can't get
anything out of it you don't need doing
random uh hedges
I met Shane lashing the mountain is true
it's like random mountain
that's credible I love it you're not
caddy for the donation no I like love
we're going to you see the point in 49
years old
uses some NASA Lebanon National out some
messages for Connor groans that would be
like alright I'm gonna rinse this out
and win over my getting thrown cups make
a root beer float
okay let's go I don't know why you
confess something
this is like Brogan stuck forever
understand me
ah unit okay I've never revered one I
love it collecting back Automator
ezerj√≥
Rossi Game of Thrones House of Lannister
F why do I drink and I know things
Brooklyn thank you for the hundred or a
thousand bar thank you we just have some
vanilla ice cream might be an issue
pull up through the air do any more than
that
I'm tiny little fool
thank you Mary for the fabric all right
do you guys want an ice-cream first or
the group your first group you float
young girl use a spoon always look look
first oh I was ice cream ice cream for a
good majority say ice cream okay
sometimes a Mader's already the better
way to eat I'll hope I can make this
quick why probably like to know I assume
it on own but as you like it enough oh
my reading that running dinky didn't you
call me - Marisa carrion if you want to
reach me in it you can't love anyone
believe he's so many names and cleanup
the end of queen of the Marie yeah you
can kiss me sizable I'm not a bargain ha
ha ha Jagga
Big Daddy done thank you for the 5 in
the barn
Oscar livre TV show right now
ah Game of Thrones ooh this is this is
soft ice cream wow this is like why are
your senior this is crazy what are the
sauces ice cream at pepper Teen Mom I
just kind of want et I never really
liked one just eat ice cream by itself
but gosh I look so good mom
all right there and oh if extra creamy
vanilla mm-hmm all right I'm gonna put
some laughter on this opening right now
mmm
I just ate ice cream in a soap hmm lot
was so good I smell amazing
all right put the root beer Thank You
Ryan for a 500 watt is my carry-on oh
it's my I'm Gary with the G yah you're
seeing man whoa hahaha how good does
that look
ba-bam
y'all overflow put a little bit of the
cool whisk the whole web we check me
just read a tub so I do love me some
good cool whip hmm why am I such a
weakling I just worked out at the gym
there we go I know I know I'm human glom
me Khaleesi you feel out mommy okay this
is free hair and we come back why myself
I myself what I want Instagram Thank You
Ashley a 4,000 words
yeah not to it but she signed me them
now like sorry I'll go stalking of you
auto-ship remaining riskier flower oh
man poet a voice can often that number
cannot make translator now season I see
which from don't want against that well
but I should call that back into care
that cringe um hey guys don't put
people's names in the chat if I kept
some driver her reason don't do that I
heard I'll block real and that's not
cool it's not something abstract to
people's personal information and shit
because to thank you for the Fagin bars
and I fucking hate people prepping this
personal information and it's also bad
karma and I know this firsthand by
people who have dogs people and they get
their shit handed to them such as fraud
ring says Thank You Victoria for the
hundred five hundred bars let's sleep on
with your boots yeah people are creepy I
got the thing it's like and done it'll
late like get back on that like you
Thank You Moran up in Saginaw
the damage over some hot bangs now
you're gonna need an advocate now I'm
going with uh strong just a minute I see
Cool Whip
well I'm gonna get your name I have a
little child just help us on bottling
that I can't limit a little table or
something hmm
great that's pick us up where do you
food shop oh great Thank You radish
4,000 bars no chain are my favorite
youtubers oh here's my favorite one drew
let's meet our date right now for me
always sleek have a changer yeah we're
time for guys to see next week but yeah
we're in DC fun I'll be in general
working on let me know if you like you
we're going to travel one day um planet
like we're a city that is hot hot
um everywhere
I don't know Northern Ireland I talk
about Belfast Croatia I would be cool
on the game with rooms locations right
predictable Trish on your next video
about I don't know I just whatever hits
me I'm a royal line some expired
subtitles I'm a really cool when I told
me bright you're everything what my
haters gotta hatch it's not always
happening understand mmm sighs good
collagen make you love me for the
thousand bars
Olivia normal mm-hm
I can't find your choke rewards a lot of
us it was perfect
Topshop like the store I want to bring
that cinemas I'm on a serious diet I
want a Big Mac I always want to be Mac
see you Showtime Canada do the song no
more choice up and find some huh and you
know it's all gone
so gone it's gone too far huh the Magna
is a Misao cute as I said I'm gonna now
lost in the glands on now huh Jack and I
love her those are your pains on her
just skipping over my question would you
go begin again no I wasn't thinking over
I really didn't see it out of that hole
you're right oh you're so sweet thank
you he hasn't much sugar in here
anywhere else
Thank You Sunkist for the salad bar all
right there we go
oh so go Dennis I was young well done
what was Richard Grieco like um he's an
interesting man that was like a dream
dude that I was a huge richards rico fan
of him like like changmin 'is he isn't
just say I don't know I'm he's not a
normal guy but I'm not a normal girl by
any means so what is you know I just
locate really uh never use that refer
flow oh yeah never know it's the
travesty
you guys watch from your own video
sometimes it's still fun easy enough
they won't recommend you should
recommend my old video sometimes it's
very disarmed
just makes me day lessening her daily Oh
I ever dated a lot more inner man um not
like seriously like as a boyfriend our
girlfriend experience
um I'm but I have a couple date it's not
let you start really ask me out
I like to think about it I'm like in a
daze and I think you are on this
question I'm like it in those days do
you ever get like that you just look out
um you should do it in there is hair and
makeup tutorial come in and sweet guys
I'm really I wouldn't like a full-on
photo shoot with it everything
well raise ask Jessa most why a lot of
white guys um I say this majority when I
was younger I see a lot of black guys um
what is a latke because I use the only
gay black eyes like earlier I only date
black eyes but they are things I just go
with whoever asked me out
you know never has many times Asians
Asians never ask me out hey guys no name
in the chat no first and last names of
people as I've mentioned if you guys
have found out or something about
somebody I mentioned in the video I
haven't said their names myself
please don't say up something out there
it's not even if someone's like the
worst words in the world I still think
babies are that thank you snow plays
poppy for the thousand bars I got high
for the first time and I felt like I was
loved I should be careful I'm very very
scary quick hail don't know don't care
what's so working out great
what's the point of working after need a
burger flops begging me to burn Wilton
up to 5,000 pounds do it for a lot of
programs I actually like to look up vote
I'm having the short cuz I was dancing a
lot but I'm gonna get belongs back so I
need a sewing spurt you know a little
bit of us what are you drinking a root
beer float which is really good I'd love
to be up here well you know I bought the
honor crown not gonna happen anytime
soon but why do we out be unwrapped
start going back Attica I have a lot of
big things coming up there's I do I
attract so browsing it's kind of hard
for there for a minute
that's nice just do whatever and wake up
with you eat whatever Thank You Laura
Matt's on work by like over now chase
them
because there's liquor should be working
for you I swear some people should I was
how it goes like a researcher finding
out about people worship in all our
butter they right Hamilton something
noticed lately it changes just Oregon
those I always act here for Missy that
Olivia thank you
palace an interesting story would ever
know about okay um you had why do you
love it
number one on girl whoo
why you know gauge was wrong I don't
know it's nothing rise you think out
there right how does that Aussie guy um
nothing happened I mean we just kind of
I want you on me oh why you're using
your name your looks look good thank you
I look even better ones like this bars
like dissolves we're just going to pick
a point I put it on my Twitter yesterday
which was um can I even tell at least in
relation to their considered messages
there are some we were was asking about
that but I feel is a video on this but I
think it's time at enough for a video
because who the fuck cares except for
money no there was just one guy he was
you know edit look out so weird so
quickly I looks free sure how much free
joining them looks like by the way just
so you know I'm apps with girls
yes I can show you me and then I have
girls and guys on there there's power
there so I do have oh um mercy I was
inside normalization to watch this is me
I'm always just like sweating laughs
last laughs I get to be like six years
ago thing for music oh okay you know no
no and I mean uh I get warned okay like
this girl I get more guys another I mean
what Oh
but hi my name is Nina my hub puppy is
Mario using his Facebook we're here to
meet a woman are couple oh I was so
confused
oh you're the girl and then I was saying
like Mario good morning they're coupled
no no no no I can't go back that was an
ass okay no no no no no there's a
picture cat this is my life this is my
ice with an ice is my life is 0.9 is my
life is his life is his life awful if no
no never
by SIA no next live new hi Terry
nope not Jerry it's so weird like I
never get home I just say the girls have
to have their two bulls meant and I
swear I'm on Justice League Earl I get
more girls what is men and girls no
girls in the ratio is a youth girls more
so than I am with none but even teachers
meant you just have too many people in
their pictures and they like wait what
okay I'm gonna read the messages but I
think it really did to doing this
that guy's beard Oh mister anyhow sugar
bear huh I have a good back half-asian
half-white he looks like the rock now
every time I tried right though girls
don't like girl nests in both ways that
is true that is true
um like full-on lesbian
like one of the guys like like possio
okay they tell guy you're the girls and
like jackpot yes I'm fucking hot I'm
okay just come on the girls and women to
grow with you bitch
okay fine like somebody just wipes you
just I can show you that I've always
done enough it is this is alive so the
one that I took oh that I am
EMS okay I'm actually the guy Venice
didn't tell guy what was something like
he would you look at here a lot of fun
it's only clear new sauce that had
posted a blog that some exemplifies the
old as small but he's like he's looking
looking you're a lot of fun I said you
look like you're really talking could
you like six six or something I said oh
you seem really tall and they'll sing
then the right after ladies like I want
to eat a Nutella off your butt I was
like wait what could you show us your
profile yeah I guess what's the matter
right you guys know more information
about me to dinner okay so there's a
tender look it's funny because they put
your most popular picture and that's my
short hair picture on there we go
so stream date medieval time must love
cuddles so there's my picture Paris my
picture that was a pretty lipo thank you
Alex for soundbars
ah they're quick turn there's a fixer
and there's a there you go ha mmm was
asleep so I joined my short hair on it
was just a good way of that I wanted me
to now or like this is on trend called
my vengeance which you're getting so
they can see that I have what kind of
girls are attracted to a Kerala girl
uh-huh uh-huh is it like legal I don't
know quickly legal the show people
switcheroo on tinder like that Cara
Raleigh match with is is pretty
come on without no no no anyways um I'm
not only how much weird weird story I
mean why I do like that under Fela what
I'm like opposed skinny girls um is my
girl Thank You Monica for sandbar -
paper dude are you okay let's see white
are prettier than me you know but um so
a white team that is fairly my biggest
girl crushes are I there's these two
mixed girls I follow
well technically three but one is I no
longer my crush but these two girls one
named Jilly eight pianist and another
growing Jenniskens
but the one I like before all that was
the school the Barbie doll can make this
thing look to them but they're those are
like awesome girls web we have my lead
heard you arrested E is lon I don't I
should've sent my CV things background
something lot so here we have a table
o'clock I'm fuckin out to be free
have you thought about moving back so
high would help this no I was so scary
living them here's he stick up wine this
guy says Wow
want to play it's like no trying to see
like ones that I didn't text back to was
up well you're cute this guy hi hi mule
absolutely no fun golden Barbie a
Jasmine Sanders yeah nice to be obsessed
with her
when through Amaral draw every plan I'll
use using for example I'm super
girlfriend's but I've always always
loved AG this ensure your legal school
first me yes why someone asking that
lately or who was very like backgrounds
are some me this is um making money ten
thousand bars so kind of sad news um
last night my which is the kind of like
it's still kind of hit me agreed we
weren't close at all but my cousin um uh
it's desperate last night and um I know
it put me in everything it's like you
casual and I think because but like it
kind of hits me it's been affecting me
in a way because we weren't close um so
it's kind of like a blessing music weird
way um she's I have a drug overdose so
it's like if and again if anyone knows
my cousins or anything like please don't
say their names or you know but I'm
sorry my condolences yes it's really sad
like I mean like when you're not close
to someone and they died you know is
always sad but it should take a weird
it is tissue weird knowing someone like
that close to you like died or like an
overdose and like she was my sister's
age like 25 um and it just my mom texted
me I was like it just gave me like this
weird your thing so sorry thank you I
mean I'm more sorry for having you like
new weeks ago I am too young
yeah it's sad it's you know I'm you know
she a job problem is always in another
hospital and Stefan I know if you look
weird my wife is really not my place or
my story to really share which drugs are
such a fucked up thing because you can
get you tend to addicted in just like
can't you just can't get off it and
there's like no hope for you I just if
you ever even think about turning these
dresses don't even start
don't even try highs aren't worth it the
relief you get from real
world reality isn't worth it just talk
I'm succumbing somehow I didn't do
hardcore I wasn't like a heroin addict
or anything but you could have fun with
our story major recipes yeah I mean
that's why I guess I said it's just it's
kind of like waiting you down in this
weird way um you know people obviously
die everyday but I just implements like
when you know the cat was right anyway
I'm sorry to bring the mood down
smoothie think about for a second I'm
supposed to call my mom because she has
affected me I can tell make other hits
close to home yeah I feel like when you
oh my god when well let's stop my lap
dancing I can say I went that smells
super is here in Temecula planets
regulate a little speculated two hours
since ninety well but he was um peaceful
farming tonight and I know the guitarist
from band and I'm just like I thought I
just like hit me because my ex-boyfriend
who was his assistant for 25 years in a
heap passed away was 2009 there's
another done and just seeing algebra
mania massage it gives me chills and
it's like oh it just again because he
has killed himself at such it overdoses
since is is like cool it just it gives
you such a an uneasy feeling as opposed
to I know deaf kids around you feeling
as opposed to a desk that I don't know
like cancer or something you guys can
always set up piece now and you know
what I don't know anyway this is not
thank you Kikki K for the 500 bars um
poison mom doing a lot of meat and stuff
who's in the guest Plus see here I love
the panel send
I mean Hamilton's life there's always
cheer me out hi are you there hi your
name I like I like the name Hamilton
are you a ham with some Santa in your
name actually Elizabeth Hamilton love
the name how are you
I thought you were in the gas fire but
let's say hi to people writing like guys
so I guess I go oh really
Oh Mary I even see out on my calls I
like your name what are you doing it
looks guys where you're out what time is
it there oh okay yeah this is closed cuz
I'm like a vampire
I never say oh girl I wasn't yesterday I
was I was in darkness all day after
having I need to get out I know that's
why watch it that's like really the same
person we didn't have a blind chat all
the time like you always say like you
were on the live yesterday talking to
your mother and you were like or your
sister and they were like what do you do
like that's what my family says to me
they're like what do you do like I know
like this is what I do
what do you are you a youtuber no no
theatre but you were going to see it a
person or something um yeah I want to be
an artery oh girl don't we all are you
in this city are you in New York City
oh yeah wait what hi oh really
I don't think I've ever been where is
that yeah no no I did nice isn't like
King of Queens and on earth queen is
that the baby yeah I think you're a king
of New York that's funny you look so
young like that show but that shows old
reruns all the damn time so I make my
mom walk this is our watching it it's so
funny I show my brothers pictures of you
and I'm like you need to date this girl
like brother lives in California and I'm
like oh my god look you look like what
you do
oh my god was young Instagram how does
he first quality su-yong he is 32 we're
not like a family that's really on
Instagram like I don't have Instagram I
have Twitter all I do is like watch your
YouTube videos and have no life with you
you know are you just randomly on here I
just made an account to watch you today
I was like I can't let me go watch
literally like you're like a noon hour
I'm like someone followed me that's like
they're a fan of you now is like what
okay okay yeah you're a broadcast of the
world no one said call your brother get
on tinder oh yeah what is he oh my god
where is he is in LA okay Harvey come on
Alice I'm gonna have to crazy I love
that yeah two hours charge I would get
close to me
you don't dare even take your brother
why me and my best friend we went to
Vegas last year we had like a $50 ticket
so we went to Vegas we were trying to
get to Cali
and then we like went dead broke in
Vegas we had here in surveillance all
and fly us back to New York
oh yeah you all right bro Greg I'm we're
gonna broker we're going home oh my god
so funny await you now are you in school
young three years my family's like don't
do anything you have to go to school or
something my family so we need to do
something
oh you know I might yeah everyone would
always tell me after like you see in
school Cobell you're not gonna work out
for either wise we gotta see you do
something I'm like bitch I wanna do
something even to the data I go back
right out but you always look at the
school I like okay
my mother she just like go to nursing
school go there two years and you're out
I'm like no you know what I was gonna do
to advocate I I wouldn't be a nurse I
was
knocking what I'm doing but when your
creative person and you want to be like
an actor like there's no there's no you
know I just see myself winning is there
no other way because there's never a
plant there's not plan B for creative
people you just have to do it and you'll
do it and you're in New York you know
you'll do it and you're cute and people
love you everyone like this girl casual
and sweet they're all digging you my god
you never gonna get me this thing was
like you're going live that's why I was
like over here I was like what's
happening so far I guess some more
people but I'm glad I guess not I love
your names of like a deaf girl good luck
with everything
I'm having over email me I my email my
Instagram so okay yeah I don't Ellen do
you want to get even
you read me you're gonna give him yeah
how do you know me too so that as you
say I hear everyone's gonna every one of
my YouTube friends even emailing your
brother how come you tell me but I'll
drop you down girl oh well since again
making me a happy mood let's do Doug see
Dennis he has two different pictures it
looks like when I was a wrap what is
watching
hello hello
hello is something going to happen
terrifying well okay is my just guessing
ball it's a hopefully guy in here it's
not hard to know who wants to guess I
really think we'll get them desk you and
they're like oh you're not going to get
this girl looks cute like her
eunsuk chocolate hi God I'm hopefully
don't have wrapping around I was
terrifying
hi oh my god okay oh hi what put your
knee while on my arm let me see that
oh my god I just glitching so I know I
press it you look cute are you on
YouTube you look familiar
already I'm getting here here now and
it's gonna take me you pick yourself up
like I like to picture I look cool I
think you're I know I make a pretty girl
but you look you and I wish I could hear
your voice oh did I say goodbye actually
they can't hear oh this girl literally
give you a real fear in her Victor I
don't know if I want to click on
someone's looking out here to another
boy from London London Paris Game of
Thrones
oh hi oh my god is your name Paige Paige
I love babies but love your accents from
London are you from London
Oh kill your roof you York you
everything about you do you use you know
I'm trying to salt with my boyfriend but
I don't know your wrist I felt pretty
out of yours
there's my morning you don't like the
peen of it oh oh you look huh oh and
you're into actual London what's
happened to them oh my god I love your
happen
so posh II thought so people I'm working
a you know like we're the only way
that's it did you ever see not sure yeah
I like one of those people want my
school like my old school like I'm
scared in the center
ah sex was like piratey talking don't
make comments pirate if I know someone
from us make Samara like oh I like your
ally here oh you got hockey like Game of
Thrones I wasn't excited for the new
season because no one else wants to
accept my granddad and I don't it'll
work with him too ha ha ha ha yeah no I
don't love Game of Thrones
it's popular over there name is paper is
not as popular it's more like these are
like a show that loads people watch is
more like it
like nerdy hopefully oh really
you're like popular like a trend like
it's very trendy to watch
it's more like a nerdy swing and now it
is no people think like nerdy and on my
knowledge life is that you're a madman I
think n detective
oh stop pretty d yeah I love it I love
Nene just a transition isn't Samaras a
certainty nice arms I don't think I've
ever felt anyone before in English what
I'm sure it would be the best because
they both deserve the throne so ideally
it would be the power couple of hours
possibly one but because there's three
dragon until I said it was going to be
three Targaryen one for each dragon ah
but I love it oh my god so everything
I mean balance amazing if that was the
Canadian I can't wait but they have one
for season after this right oh this is
okay I don't know there's only like six
episodes and I'll like on there should
be more I calmly because the things just
get better better ah always if they look
like a movie my boyfriend it's just like
bronze
he hates me slightly haze it myself it
was like I am at this guy who looks is
like Jon Snow and I'm like in love with
them like you're so cute
ever break my brain so Q I love it I
love everywhere on your throne though
day anybody he was your boyfriend doom
he's like really willing to say so he's
got four hours away Manchester's for me
coming down to it
ah so fun for me all the good things
like he said I didn't my parents because
you know students on the shit break I
can't afford anything
I was my parents for a long time I was
my mom for three years and I'm adult in
my dad for a year oh I hope yeah when is
so pretty expensive that's like here too
it's like it's ridiculous oh my god you
everybody Game of Thrones character you
know you made me to do YouTube video
together you have a YouTube channel
right now no I'd like my alt Instagram
what is that there's a Friday should I
find it later
oh yeah now begin doing what with nobody
at the end of the yeah
I love it begin blue you can oh are you
a cartoon yeah I am yeah oh I died then
oh oh
they're like little elves run here um oh
my god you're so cute
why would I guess that one I'm uh I'm
gonna Instagram seriously so cute I'm
like a dad I just love you ah fuck you I
feel when Game of Thrones or tweet me on
Twitter keep going faster good night
you decide oh you I love her too
Oh else's arm really early 44 - numb so
many guys who wants to be guested on
Authority up
the soleus Ansan before the affluent nam
yo girl flickers Catherine filloux
pictures Evans Kirsten um
Abbi um yeah Thank You Carolyn Louise
Stephen Marley no is getting out a pink
sign that's never gets to play equal
opportunist thank you probably Oh baby
my queen Chloe Ashley hi oh hi how are
you where's the sunglasses though I saw
the sunglasses and I quit thank you
really cool I like it
oh you're cute wait you said you were 35
you don't want 35 maybe that's not what
I means actually I am looking at numbers
like people's names maybe it doesn't
mean actually it doesn't because I'm 150
right there
oh you're gone what do you do you go to
school
please your deal I'm actually graduating
tomorrow
from high school Oh Congrats oh I was a
hellhole high school terrible did you
like high school what did you like it
oh it was okay I didn't really have like
a friend group so I was like I had like
friends obviously but I was looking like
I don't know Oh
be that way you're not yeah yeah what do
you want no knowledge you graduated I'm
going to just like State College or
graphic design in movies done
Oh like personal effects are digital or
like special effects right in makeup /
yeah like um specialist like I'm like
Iron Man and stuff like you know like
Carl
anything movies
yeah no I mean I'd like to know who I
like the effect to make a pretty effect
but like a graphic digital supper so
cool uh uh I thought a little cool Talon
to have your everyone looks nice behind
you it does you b'lieve enough for it to
got a squeeze like yeah oh really
uh-huh yeah I love it
what do you I'm near you now a new
youtuber a finger you just watch like
kind of a photographer on Instagram
that's really oh really what do you
think pictures up
um like anything really nature and like
my dog's maples come on in and I got hot
what it I'm a dog I had pitbull mix and
a red Terrier oh my our pit wall desert
terrifying dog yeah mine's a little bit
I don't know what she's mixed with that
she's like kind of cleaner and she's
just crazy she like to lick the pillow
when she's on the couch you present it
for are you in all right I'll give me
siblings I have two siblings I have a
twin brother and then a sister she's
like gonna be 21
ah yeah y'all a status or numb yeah
wait what do you say about he would
known living in the basement better
listening to him so I am William and
basement why you for the Hispanic
I got her room and then she likes what
half of the basement
so it's like mmm isn't it freeze more
like cold no sixth time I finished
well it's finished but like um I don't
know
yeah I guess because it is cold and then
there's like husband stuff yeah it was
like cement blocks like I would not want
to live in a basement yeah I don't know
it has like carpet definitely come oh
okay bigger room yeah
I was like a graven sound terrible yeah
like prison
oh they like yeah I'm gonna paralyze him
before ugh you sound cute but someone's
up come into your room you looked up I
thought oh my god you think being
connected
she's like saying the pizza's here I'm
like okay I love my parents having their
dinner on gelatin the Siberian lady
isn't here what do you enjoy your little
pizza thank you instagrams I can like
look up your uh your singing Steven me
no oh okay well bind to this even really
now Racine really no yeah Steven and
then any are Li I Anna like to icing
right you thank you acted I love that my
sister's nice to be honest who I ever
glad yesterday about Mary where wait I
go ahead and just he can't even really
know I don't know like hey can I get
that back my whole bunch like I need
this money alright this money I need an
Instagram I would get you're saying and
I'm seeing the dog oh your dog you're
cute I wanna go here peace I'll talk to
you soon good night ha Meem bye
um you know what's not on here and mom
say I should piping time and mother and
make sure she's okay
excuse me Zhan here there's so many of
you on your noun oh there's a couple and
you look cute there's a girl with a
bunny specific she's also kind dear fine
which is cute Roma thank you for the
thousand barred
I just shower you guys I have a nail
appointment like really soon any other
questions we got thank you happy for
someone I don't want to go basement
sounds American more authority on such a
mixed message I was in business I
thought you know I'm the better-looking
twin is right and probably searching for
my roses
what are you drinking a root beer float
it was really delicious
how do I know all set I mean it was
really good well like every three saying
eat my meals there I'm gonna do a quick
a little rinse my Starbucks cup is still
stuck oh oh I wish my mom come on here
we have any a base line here and you
guys can all listen to our FaceTime like
she was the other day oh I wish I had a
beer me too to overnight be put on you
now
then this ability you miss a food you
are an hour and 43 minutes too late
sentence take an hour 20 moves too late
for say hi Paige Paige temples in half
hours it's been hot I'm cold you're hot
then you're cold you're yes Samuel no
missing numbers are these people's names
I think it's I thought was her age but
but he was not 3500 no and they're
blaming applause i live for the applause
whoa this guy's cute oh it missed him
Mugen where'd you go y'all are cute
actually but ooh Jerry says the early
game was wrong michaei looks cute with
her hair I like little Bunney
Luther honking gasps Sam you don't speak
like you and he just popped on out and
haul ass convict they're all about you
whoa Alexis got her bitch alone what's
up Conner
have it after why does that name sound
so familiar
I'm really exciting as a guy named orcas
and I can't Lynam Lucas has abandoned me
like every guy in my life
I love it I'm ones doing this piece I
know um okay y'all well I have to go
they kind of mom and shower but I will
be back on probably tomorrow I don't
know what time hopefully well I feel
like neared um to not do these I feel
like a mess it's gonna I'm not
connecting with you people but I love
you guys so much
I'll guess you all really soon I love
you guys I can't believe it on here an
hour and 45 minutes it's crazy
hello relation with mom I love her - I
don't know wine shoe seek answers her
face name just got oh she looks late and
I didn't Audio pane - for something I
didn't do today like I had your other
things but I need to do that so I might
guys thank you guys for the thousand
players who are so sweet I love a guy in
so much I was getting food oh the church
I'm not going to you Lucas is matter
with you Lucas I just wanted to know
your personality had to see I had to get
a feel for you I don't have much time
but Thank You Madison for the thousand
bars you would cool here she has really
cool hair and all like I really want to
get this guy
I don't see you I like a couple they're
really cute
Montana couple
I don't see them it's not a love
connection today for us Lucas Oh Brandon
like his glasses who cried and it was
like a brine am but again I don't judge
how long how long
Oh J like bouncing is all wrong
okay I can't mind you I love to mention
I've failed but as you guys so much um
Janet thank you for the spectres one
punchy
death Lucas he's not in there he said he
was makyo who is Lucas he's somebody I
really wanted to guess them I can't find
him
I don't know where he went Sandra yell
like yo you look cute too I don't think
all these girls are really bad Electress
I want to be paid with youth alright
just wait on them she were up QP Makayla
cutie I could see all these cute faces
yeah well connection I mean I thought
bringing us at rich as well tell me
um I'm sad I'm sure than a mom I don't
that I sent here I need to shake shower
I'm sleepy - ah - Kailah washed hole
pick up trash oh my god my life
oh my god that hurt
I literally slapped my temples which
kind of made me go blind for a split
second
ow okay I just got here oh I'm sorry all
choose me I will sing lame is Montana
are you been actually saying I feel like
people can you put your mom on your next
album person will do don't tell me I
know about her Thank You soundbars you
guys are all really frickin free yeah
because we're going to be on follow me
on instagram i'll show you my instagram
so you guys can all follow me in stuck
at one point 1 million but this is not
Instagram
Thank You Lilly 4000 ours Sami just an
so if I put on my story what I'm getting
sales
I'm going to come to class tonight I
probably won't come back on that like um
while I'm eating so thank you giovanna
for a thousand bars I appreciate that so
much or those which I feel like I want
to add on like a two-hour mark right
keep that so much on ain't no more
there's so many guys to choose from like
I could mean kind of like coming up with
you choose give me anxiety I love this
is love BIOS and they're things you get
you know a little bit about them Thank
You Aaron for the 505 pretty shit that's
appreciate that
Alessa just change your pictures to even
figure at lips
oh now Stefan bond Stefan is the same as
Montana this is the couple which
honestly let's just say hi I'm going to
be fair warning I'm going to be properly
meeting in a few minutes but you guys
have to profile so this is a girl singer
no thank you
all right a couple vibe I watch you all
the time and I watch brilliant rappers
are there in the morning
oh so what are you doing right a musical
theater program sore at school right now
we're gonna what it was nothing like
that
yes oh we are video thing I'm using you
just right which I think I'm standing
here beside me all alone I walk with him
Saloni
wonderful of happiness in heaven
everything you rescue are you a couple
wait what whatever the cutest thing ever
alibi I really love them oh my you guys
have a youtube you have a youtube
channel Instagram
you guys are you a couple Instagram
where you ever sit your each individual
what is it
Oh Instagram yes is mine is on Stas a n
n 96 wait the F a and 96
8 a a double your name and then 96
that's forward you
Tricia P I'll comment on your photo ok
oh wait I can to see you wait this is
not you is it you get 190 followers what
is it this nice thank you no that's my
name
oh ok fuck it one of you two might
follow me and I can like follow you now
I just repoed you okay okay I found it
okay Club and did you pop did you or did
you follow me too
okay good thinking Stefan Oh No yeah we
did we have like dancing videos and
we're giving our major performance now
and supply and sings Justin blades I'm
just laughing oh you lost ability we
were learning and some beautiful so
beautiful
selling a dream mo kami receiveth ad
they go through the darkest of days
having the heartbreak away let us go
Hey oh it's been a hell go by chiming
yeah
now if never to go never let you down
so to give up now I'll give up my game
with Rome characters you guys sing
amazing
I'm obsessed with your accent this is
everything
so I'm following is probably both of you
J follow you can at Auckland is it you
can't often you're important thank you
you're absolutely right
all right I'll be life is so exciting
why so much thank you for singing this
is the end I love you so much Australia
fun words hey what it frankly a mission
I'm gonna be really happy I love people
sing and are just happy okay lukasi
teeth flossing knees and your back you
were super cute you're not there hearing
has to read crowns and hers you don't
know what that means
oh look I'm running out a couple night
now bring back help wanted some has a
dog on there's alright guys I love you
guys so much I don't even know what's
happening in this world but I just know
they made me really happy
following them you guys are everything
um does season I'm back LLC you have rat
on your live a video being it's Curtis
you're on
