you want a revolution I want a
revelation to listen to my declaration
no issues would be self-evident that I'm
going to create a slop and when I've
encountered a person I look around June
booze women on the sequel work look
around look around which I use for my
coffee this morning while I get ready to
get ready I'm doing a get ready to go
non-human Geraghty Gary with me
I'm already spawned me mainly is OCD
with life put itself away which is not
me at all check out with Harry Potter or
Game of Thrones as I do I drink and I
know things or he requires map Game of
Thrones
um lets me have to drink y'all I'm going
to got a drink these are my vlogs these
days what's my drink in the morning um
this is like pre-made the challenge gum
I think when happens good morning time
looking really am i right
I had this white girl Rosie you guys
watched my last show this is all I have
of it yesterday which is like a lot by
the way it's just like so
go it like if you know if it goes nice
way to like preserve your Rosie by side
is going to be drinking this whole
bottle upright oh I will say after a
couple fit anyway I'm going out tonight
which is not like me at all but just ice
in here remember to eyes and all the
rest of the dish
I Starbucks right now this a crabber
like 1/8 comes over wait 10 minutes for
your drink let's lower price machine
ever in your life it's you outside and
there's ice done Holly eggs get this boy
crushes your preferences side approach
that's cute
okay enough it's spent so that's what I
got fries okay this is amazing because
it's like letters all right though
skinny caramel macchiato they fill these
at Target
actually when I'm with round shop at
Target I saw this is like no I would not
have known as I just fucked me that
these days
freshly tie it love it so much
some makeup what makeup look should I do
today sorry that you just see McLean
should I do
smokey eye natural I'm having a motto
this is so good okay I think I just want
to heavyweight line or whatever I do
okay I'm some this is before makeup and
I'm going to take this church Ashley
just my big boxes hair this is just so
much hair extensions always I'm asking
here in my head obviously okay let's go
upstairs put some makeup on this mug
okay y'all here's a little check I do
with my foundation on and my foundation
is too dark which in terms it is that's
what translucent powder on I put this
Laura Mercier is translucent and it like
kind of like really it kind of like
lightens up your foundation and when
it's too light which deciding sex I do
to my bathroom I'm like always way up
and down like I do my eyes here but I do
my face my bathroom just lighting here
stops as you can come I go with
something like a little darker and this
Chanel foundation powder thing is
amazing so it kind of just gives you the
right color to your foundation
and I kinda get like double coverage too
so yeah right like it totally works
fucking makeup guru bitch
so now that I'm matching autumn worth
any life and here's my name when I move
I'm going to get that vanity desk back I
had two of them when I sold them I don't
know why but I'm actually really excited
I use these came out while go by war
academic autumn and surprise the
Caribbean makeup which I didn't respond
I really don't like makeup member
Miriam's Beach primary makeup all the
time I wore makeup all the time too but
I have like a really unhealthy obsession
with makeup and I kind of just stopped
and it felt really good and I have
really bought but sometimes like fun
little collections will come out like
this and you know lower tech is good
brand which this is amazing this palette
is so cool I'm just a shake my head no
people at hashtag spawns buy this but oh
my god did you squirt I'm so fat Laura
like makes amazing palette so no I
haven't tried to stop before do you have
a Pirates of Caribbean themed looks so
cute
I'm going to try this out what comes
with a little liner tomb of lamb or a
pencil I'm going to see what I could do
and just play and I watch tutorials or
any of that bullshit someone play it
turns out that you know if it turns out
bad you're going to anyways these colors
are so pretty I'm like really delving
into it and it's like gorgeous like do
you see those three in a line I think
I'm gonna use all those I'm going to
start with compass and I'm going to like
fill in with this and I'm going to do
like the crease color either in tell no
tales which is right here or this one
right here I can just like really fun I
haven't played with like makeup colors
in with a minute everyone fuck compass
which is like the shimmer
I would you like one eye with you guys
oh my gosh I don't even think this like
is lighting is doing this justice at all
but this is gorgeous I'm going to use my
camera's back and with me oh no I don't
have a tripod just kidding oh it looks
really fun but it's so pretty like this
I know this is like going to look so
much even but the pigment is so pretty
like I'm looking up close you're they're
kind of like far away what I'm not
looking at close
it is absolutely gorgeous I actually
bring that to my brow bone it's like
this it's a really soft shimmery nude we
just caught my whole eyelid in that oh
my god I love it and I don't have any
like space I guess you guys everything
I'm gonna get like don I'm just going
out tonight you might have like Don do
you ever get that feeling because it's
like felt okay so I'm doing justice to
both eyes here right so weird to like go
back and I thought what I did I actually
do my makeup like super quick because I
do cuz I'm annoyed I'm going to mind
like sitting to having to have done but
oh I see why I gotta focus teen
premising I love a new palette they're
so much fun
I smell like by like five pallets like
it should I go shopping you know what I
did I put too much up there now this is
like uneven it's such a soft shimmery
color that I really don't even think it
matters I don't learn to contour guys
only like contouring tutorials I will
watch those contour person of a
foundation on then also a blush on
gopher Grande Iran and then done this
has more to do with laziness then okay
so this treasure color is so pretty I
want I definitely want to blood with
this color um that one right there in
the middle oh by the way there's more
feet scandals these brushes that cause
makes me wanna buy more feet I've never
bought a morphe brush wedgies market
brushes I think these are cos Jaclyn
hill always talks about him on her not
sure I don't even watch that one house
videos I just like her snapshot she
seems like a cool ass chick I think we
have on YouTube everyone's like so like
the PC version of themselves
I shouldn't shuffling alone with us
always bomb does she have a highlight
and contour future changing this harness
her skin looks beautiful my skin is
where I lack well as me is clearly I'm a
makeup guru as I'm doing a fucking
tutorial right now can we put that in
the bottom to when I do the blonde the
black curls gorgeous that reminds me of
that color a label whore from Too Faced
is color right here that would be really
pretty too I want to use black shadow
wish I do
deniz no I'm so wasted few days to
arrive on suspect I love these colors
the cup which Telmo tail is actually
them just going deeper with that calling
it I just did that fucking treasure
color I don't want to do fucking makeup
guru
we're over brushes go oh yeah I just
deepen that color into really pretty
color I'm kind of like nervous for
anything else over it will just take
this brush and just go like
and with it it's like such an old-school
technique I feel like people don't need
to do this technique anymore where they
like you know I wanted to do like a
really heavy cat eye eyeliner look I
feel like that's kind of like me
you know that outer of these see what
this looks like in a light
oh no no that was definitely not to be
ruined rose gold is like all the rage
like everyone had Michael Kors roll coal
watches everyone was doing rose gold
eyes they were just one roadies - wow
that's defined and that one's not at all
what is without that there is a girl
called SM LX l wore something - she's
tending to him I see I've never I never
subscribed from people I haven't seen
videos from her she should do really
like simple makeup tutorials but they
were so bomb what is happening I look
crazy
maybe that was a good idea why should we
love to make bars only don't cut crease
on your own
let's turn makeup artist what the fuck I
did but that was not cute you know what
I think that's God's Way of saying don't
do anymore just a bunch of fucking
eyeliner because I also suck at eyeliner
look exciting okay I'm going to like
shake like a mother effort if I do
eyeliner on camera this is nice new
tutorials and then I go off camera do my
eyeliner because fuck it if I could
actually do it on camera the guys need
to make up for the silence vide get out
use this Revlon Colorstay skinnies like
it's the bus fucking shit ever it's like
I always liked Stila Kat Von D shade out
two of them I'm going to come into a no
where's the scapula these squares buy it
should I time to do this on camera and
can't be funny or talk or figure out
where I'm saying because surgery am
performing now okay
why does that look go on is good okay I
let it dry too long you want really
light
not only calling the Frog I cannot do a
dramatic what is that oh my god what did
I do
like no girl no shit makeup artist I
can't do eyeliner I wear big ass
eyelashes cover up the eyeliner girl 1
what is life what is life what did I do
how to frame on a bigger like me if I'm
you're over here what did I do
move the Potter on the eyelashes that
are making me drop weight this needs to
be
let's just make this whole eyelid black
now I don't know what I'm doing don't
ever watch my make videos for makeup
calmed me III distress me goes man so
much one day to run there and probably
scratch all foundation off okay I'll try
this one more time
I think this eye over here just take the
shape better
Oh y'all perfect and attitude semester
on because this powder is driving me
freakin nuts we're going to the new
mascara but it's so you to be is in
Silas Oklahoma Tech and I just get
eyeliner up yeah well I'm going to a
mascara
love you exception all y'all perfect
interception because you know what I
should do I should I like you're my
parent hatbox I realize you're like
fucking crazy huge lashes maybe not a
good thing just look and crazy them I'm
going to do some eyeliner and around the
bottom and that will just mascara on
lashes show you my eyebrows I just
thought were willing hope these because
love of me I just use like this NYX
contour palette from eyebrows which
publishing Jewish values like ah Sophia
fill in my socks homies I hate doing
eyebrows too like this is like a thing
this is like a new thing that I was
doing will dominate would this was never
a thing back in the day like people
didn't fill in eyebrows back in the day
I don't like doing it I don't think it
makes so much of a difference if I don't
do it I feel less of a human
you don't feel like a real girl if I
don't fill in my fucking eye Ralph
Oh me love you all y'all oh yeah perfect
imperfection I gave you to me walk up
across I'd then I am going cross X it
will tell me that lately that I've been
looking qualified maybe it's at manual
harvest keep swimming I'll focus up
not-not-not inspired by micro
brightening halls were so much fucking
black eyeliner she looks crazy and I
love it interfaces
so give you a ha to me Oh treasure more
I said I want to be dramatic I asked
them you don't look crazy
I rented a little pumps brushes call our
treasurer looks everything it's that
thing I seem like maroon color I just
haven't like really in love with it so
I'm going to use on them mm-hmm you know
what I think I'm ready to do a little
more eyeliner considering it it's so
fucking much on the wing
mm-hmm
what's the Guyver eye which I'm not mad
at love a good rhyme
I think it's winding me sorry okay you
owe me actually Brittany does do it a
little thicker on the outside I'm not
good huh huh oh yeah I'm cooking the
photic in our camp them up on the road
too
give my all to you oh hi y'all
Oh y'all are having an imperfection and
I just this mascara on his father wheels
and I look at the blush options we had
but you know it's the blast mascara with
Sheila and manis oh you a boss actually
I don't think this mascara is like
really all that great but I feel like
mascara in general suctions because I
like videos lashes in my lashes sock so
I think every mascara sake I have like
booze you went over here somewhere like
Florrick or some shit Johansson lashes
on anyway this whatever I mean to
mascara whatever it's cheap and it does
its purpose YSL a shock like they all do
the same shit to me they don't
oh my gosh my cream wrong this primer is
so good not nice pours pour in change
everything
ropes with it on shit well Emma Potter
give you old home me again that huh cuz
there's like little clicker thing I
should probably go off and I'm just
gonna try to rip it like a hole oh yeah
can I open there I did it and it's like
if it's a product perfect whoo I don't
know what that says but something cool
highlighted blush palette hmm cute um
love all of it I'm gonna wear all the
highlighter at once and they're going to
wear Caribbean this one and this one
down here called star reader
beautiful piece of shit incredible whole
out
incredible hopped it against the needs
to defrost okay this is like really long
oh my god it's gorgeous is how pretty
that is it's like gorgeous oh yes I love
is a lipstick and a gloss I feel like
this is a double-ended thing oh yeah
it's like a lipstick over here and I go
also over here
I love little makeup toys they're so
much fun how come no one xev super
should I finish my face you smile if you
like eyelashes definitely bring it all
together let's go see what we can find
except for I like to say I'm literally
messing up some yarn to this cuz there's
no weight and how I'm gonna do this
interview born I'm using fire lashes
Paige beauty guru there was a makeup
girl I used years ago that use these far
lashed all the time i me and i loved it
the only problem is they cut them to fit
your eye shape so these are like way too
fucking big and i got bad eyes and
eyelids and either way she's good for me
me like it had this little tail and you
might have to comfortable top it was
like it will bother the shit out of you
so make sure you set that tail because i
didn't cut it and i was like whatever
time there's little tails on both ends
and then they said okay but they're
still really big and dramatic and
Paige's most dramatic of all the floral
lashes but I loved it and was posting on
a few flicking blade she was it this was
sponsored by flashes and like a fucking
gross lashes okay I went put these on
and then we'll come back to do my my
contour which is just western concert if
I'm looking basic bitch I need to know
how to do this contour amo for sure for
real for real we got a lot eyelash kind
of successfully on
what a fucking different bed like an
eyelash extensions some so fucking crazy
look automatically just beautiful
beautiful I fucked up my make out what
eyelashes beautiful eyelashes mi done
well so why does that always happen I
always look like a little bit of a
cross-eyed kitty one always wears like
straight up and just might undergo any
analysis tension to restrain commit
myself to a trip sentence you can't tell
I mean probably I don't pop up and now
we pray okay so now I'm going to use
flash first when he's my little bronzer
which is in he hasn't wondered why I
keep going back here a lot of times I do
my makeup in there because the lighting
is better but because I'm vlogging with
you guys to see I'm doing it in here and
usually this goes I really got into
makeup because I'm actually like talking
to a camera I'm like sitting up and down
and them don't really care about angles
and such because this is my contouring
15 seconds I'm gonna miss my contour and
do a full on it nose contour but you
know that time to that shit and then you
just blend in that contour so so know
how your front door I will learn how to
do it properly I like the creams and
shutting that would be everything and
then easy part you know you're home free
when you start doing your blush and shit
which is so sneezes Caribbean basically
he's like ooh high pigment love we can
go warm
then I go look at it in the light see
how it actually looks whoa not bad for
doing your makeup in the fucking dirt
bitch well swords themselves for their
morning makeup lesson tutorial ever I'm
gonna say light which I'm never fuckin -
I never highlight I actually hate
highlighter brush hogs girl and put
something about this punch a compiler
I'm going to use this one down here it
says star reader we're going to just
glow today we're going to glow like a
star as we are I swear all the thing I
guess so but I mean if you're not
Jacqueline Howard every star like our
oil things like no one watches them
anymore I or others just tutorials I run
into mother from ancient not said
something I can actually do alright guys
I'm going to put this war app on and see
what it looks like if I hate it want to
probably go to my trusty NARS Turkish
delight which is like a Mexican or else
uses Tom Ford lately Tom Ford naked
which is actually really really well
just try this because you know when Rome
with me
I shall for something wait on these lips
ow
dying leg living or dying or freezing or
living or dying or freaking as high as
no sin I'll settle this little gloss gas
law rack for the price of your being
collection times like two foot packaging
the colors are pretty okay alright gloss
give me 95 don't you know I love those
oh yeah better - hey over here
oh yeah here you feel it
a really dark tone for a pale ass bitch
like myself all right guys let's go into
the lighting to see the testing of this
weekend this makes me look super Brown
it's cute right how'd I do
oh yes to the fucking punch me in the
face I mean not so bad I think just
hiding a super harsh like this is like
real lighting right here like when you
go closer to the widow's brighter so I
have a hair stuck on my lip and that's
okay I know that when you go to buy it
like completely blows you're helpless
pretty that nonetheless I think ended
okay would you guys it hope you enjoyed
this hour-long get ready with me
hi myself so I just posted this picture
up on Instagram so people you know we're
giving a hard time on my lips could see
the difference and a lot of guys are
being a lot sweeter now on the comments
like oh my god they look much better
especially now that the swollen is have
gone has gone down you can see the shape
just better and also because you know I
have makeup on so you can see the
outline of it better and it's still
without my top lip being dissolved so
when I say I'm getting my top lip
dissolved it's the part the filler
that's above the lip up here and I'm
getting that dissolved on Wednesday step
today's Monday so on Wednesday I'm
getting that dissolved so it's going to
give that shape even more I know I've
like said this like a million times I
keep repeating myself it on you now and
stuff but I feel like people don't
really kind of understand or they think
already have it done but just already
the difference between the shape and
again there's not really like a hate on
my previous shape I just like just look
better it's just more doll it's more
like this pout but a lot of you guys are
very nice and I want to thank you for
that I mean since your thing I think a
lot of people be comments maybe don't
even necessarily need them as hate
comments but it's just hurtful if you
comment from the parents say those look
gross you look gross and so it's clearly
happy with their look like I love this
one what I do love it but I so that's
why I'm just saying I appreciate was
just be nicer and like again I think you
should just always wait before you give
an opinion or comment and then if you
still think my lips look ugly you know
it's like okay well then maybe just like
bill problem is they're going to bother
you that much but
I had a like pointed out and I still a
lot better that people like being
sweeter and nicer because you know what
hurts I'm a real person where it's hurt
mother as I would anyone so anyway I'm
going to film some videos for you guys
but I just want that you guys a little
better sir coming out of my computer
okay okay oh well y'all and nothing I
got uh I got flakes off but I laugh I do
there is something so seriously wrong
with me there was a Twitter a tweet to
Twitter ah can't hear anything at we had
to keep make this short as they accept
appearing so much fucking coffee with
films of that block and some gum the
tweet was too real I'm like oh that's
Pete gets real the new layout to go to
my own profile lol again it has to be
you I felt I tweet him hi close up I
said
lol I think I got stood up again the
crying face crying face I'm done I'm
seriously never took another date not
whatever from boy again it's comfortable
it's all I'm not even mad which I'm not
annoyed not mad I'm like it's expected
this is my life now ha ha ha ha ha ha
manic laugh relationship and taking
karma at its finest
some of them lol again it has to be you
lol is easier personality or if you're
flexpa present mm fucking both you guys
I am I'm done I'm seriously done I text
him said person at mmm to text them Oh
to worry about we have plans
yes meet Friday hey what are you doing
Monday purpose with your brawn 5 cool
around 2:45 has the only is enough like
like you know August X you know in case
whatever I can't make other plans which
I might still do I don't know I'd rather
to see grilled cheese and talk to you
buy them oh you now Street because I'm
over anyways I said hi there did you
still want a blank
time like it wasn't sexual that's not
much will think there was just something
we were going to do specifically it
kind of you can't something came up come
on check-in and CXO because my one prime
my gay friend was just like any one of
their like a movie or something and I
was like well I'll just like Texas guy
see you know mercial on and it's not
cool like I'll have other plans with
time he said so then at 3:10 he's like
yes let me check back soon he says
whatever he's doing for work still
that's like okay cool no worries all
good for 37 I'm now I'm wholly dressed
by the way hi hi dress for our date I'm
really dressed now at 4:37 23 minutes
before I said time to suit me up hey I'm
not going to be done by 5:00 house
tomorrow morning or early afternoon late
morning I can come to you I say it's all
good
another time oh I don't know what I'm
doing in this life this guy is really
really really really not my type and I'm
still like consider this person a chance
I
there must be desperation reeking from
me there was some clinginess on my
fucking forehead I don't know or maybe
the million YouTube videos I make about
boys and guys and people get scared
probably more tit I'm done I really am
like I I don't want to I I don't want to
accept any more days I got my hair done
I did my makeup I fucking uh-huh like I
was excited I this is like when you
dress up for prom and your prom date has
to show up with those and I get you this
is me waiting for my prom date that's
never showed up so I know I'm still
gonna try make plans a friend who asked
me to a movie has plans now this is so
annoying
well I'm gonna make some grilled cheese
I go on a live show and that's that so I
decided to something cool if it ends
here I'm a loser
so anyways love you guys that's what's
happening
