you guys ah good morning by the way
first of all I got lamb today I'm going
to show you this glam or real quick it's
my clam I got here make up some about to
do a couple TV things I'm doing a TV
run-through for one of my friends and
his company and then I'm doing an
interview spot with enews which I'm
super super excited about and they'll
come back and film some videos or
something gross you Jason or should make
that but Emily cemented my hair he's
amazing and makeup he's so good like
he's so good he's a straight man that
does amazing lip liner smokey eye and
bombshell curls and he's so cute and so
sweet and always shows me so much love
but today took the cake so he knew I was
doing a bunch of interviews today so he
came with this little present which is
so sweet like they're just a present for
no reason and I opened it up and I first
saw my ferocious we've talked about this
because know I have to love my furher
O'Shea's I've always talked about this
on camera but me and him have talked
about it and he's like just in case you
eats energy or you're feeling a little
sad hop one of these in your mouth and
then you guys he got me this cute little
keychain and my little fishy like are
you kidding me like what like a straight
guy like you know what I mean like
things about these things like he's so
frickin sweet and so nice and you know
he doesn't have to do this stuff like we
glam together but like I just love him
he's just such a sweet sweet soul so
I've taken my Instagram it's Adam Lee
Simmons on Instagram please believe him
love because he shows me so much love
like I'm feeling so happy and last night
you saw me and Jason we reconnected I
love him so much we had a little bit of
a we had a little bit of argument before
he left but we like got through it and
he like loved him and like he just left
too and I just like I feel so loved
like I'm like so happy um but yeah today
I have so much going on like I like I
said I'm dignity run-through and then
I'm doing this interview with E News for
a national pizza day so don't know what
I can show you but I will definitely
link it below if it's on the internet
which I'm sure it will be
but after that and then like I said if I
have to film some videos later today but
yeah this hair makeup is like my
favorites so like playboy like I just
love it so much he's amazing and because
they're ever in LA or Orange County like
I'm just so good so and it was my
troopers here at ago I'm over here on
today and uh I think his along with me
first off MGM that's the first place
we're going
we are at M G Amma Beverly Hills in this
let's do quick OTT if we can see this is
my OTD I feel like L woods were legally
blond
what you want water what you want is me
okay pal
an uber notification it's a really cute
bag by Betsey Johnson she's our Aldo and
this dress was custom made by Michael
Philpott super cute actually got here
kind of early I'm gonna there's an
Arthur Murray dance studio
I love everyone helps every time I come
here I feel so inclusion ancien r√©gime
is it like 20 minutes early
just walking around shook the cuddle
little cam at the window
anyways I love being up this early it's
like 8:40 know what the hell I'm like
really obsessive outfit I really wish my
mom could come with me today
cuz I'm really really well I love having
her here but I really wouldn't know it
of the day in this there's my ass I'm
like random person take pictures of me
today yeah I can f you have a lot I'm
friends with the people who do the TV
for them so just you cook a run through
stuff for them anyways let's go inside
they're kind of crazy about filming but
okay so that one well the run-through
went great
my mom is actually gonna pick me up
because she was gonna come but since I
have to I was like we can come but I
can't really like do much after so my
mom so sweet she's just gonna come
anyways she doesn't make hash mark for
me so she's gonna pick up some clothes
to sell on there for me and then you
know take me to eat it's like you know
hopefully with Locke will hand the scene
take pictures or someday I found him so
thankful for I love my mom so much and
she likes this kind of thing so I'm glad
she's gonna like me and my little over
say did you have any other car but just
like parking purposes and have to go I
got my car in the valley anyways so I
just heard some of my mom's gonna be my
uber today she's in a little green Fiat
I think so I know I found so many
Commons on this purse its Betsey Johnson
bag I've never worn it before I liked it
when I saw it but I never
I never really had like Everest where I
should put my phone out not purpose I
just didn't know
I'm starving though I'm doing this
eating thing with um with EJ
yeah more about eating pizza so I'm
actually really great cuz I would stop
and get fast food but I want to be on
the green cuz I did Access Hollywood I
had eaten already
she was blackout smoky is a little too
black eyes I hope you my eyes are the
worst with eyeliner on the bottom not
Rodeo Drive boom so much fun
casually waiting whatever was going to
find this it seemed 20-30 minutes we're
going over to the valley from Beverly
Hills
like what here comes my uber she's so
funny oh my god I die this was right
before I'd actually died I would love it
so much
Thanks uber I didn't know this is your
new job my mom quit and she's like I'm
not working now but you were and now my
mom talked on her car cause she's doing
my storage units for Poshmark that's the
one thing I want to happen this my
livelihood right here if I lose it
oh my gosh don't break into our car I am
I think I know how to get into storage
units now without a key
Oh throat beep oh mama hold on a couple
oh yeah everyone's OOTD I told her she
looks like a little sheep back you look
so cute but a sexist eat
that's so cute my mom's out it's always
so funny you're cute too Thanks
yeah they showed I was my critics peers
inspired Oh TV new pink all-pink and
Legally Blonde kind of to miss when
everywhere pink I want to throw on as
much of pink as I possibly can to
distract people let's react look at all
that pink thing coming towards us you
guys we're back at the same place where
we had Access Hollywood
that's going up no we go too good to be
I did pee before I left
thanks my own world Britney Britney
moment job sorry the dress that she wore
kissed me look how cute we set up like
my living room and let me see man eating
pizza and answering questions or I am
something that's gonna get implant blind
than ever now yeah God we got Domino's
you don't see the wire anywhere right
yes sir I'm so excited
hahaha I love eating pizza
you might know me from my eating shows
on YouTube where I eat a large amount of
food at my favorite me oh my god you
guys I just ate oh my god look my belt
no I was like well you know what it was
for II I wanted to make an impression
because some of those people worked on
the Anna Nicole Smith show and I was
like you know what it I'd make my
impression this is my chance this is
what I do I eat so anyways I'll link it
below it's gonna be on their YouTube I
think we go down no how do you think I
laugh wait is this going up Oh start me
yeah thanks too bad that camera messy I
know they have to start stopping and
starting cuz I was in my flow sounds
like they're just gonna take clips
someday together
I've never done that even on my channel
so if you wanted to me wolf down a pizza
yeah these are the tiny little car
probably hiding somewhere
check out II thank you for having me I
don't know why I have something like I
don't really get why they pick me for
these things I guess cuz I'm a really
good eater so thanks mom
for bringing me up is good eater and for
I guess all those pizzas growing up and
no vegetables green beans oh my god we
were watching on adjacent songs I didn't
your mom ever make you sounds like nope
but then again I want every unit though
here nice
just had an earliest date never at four
o'clock with Algar and especially just
just the two of us and a little baby
when he's sleeping he's like oh right
now he um oh I like foggy with you stop
saying you're just telling your soft
I know like Trisha actually love Trisha
yeah no he's like our little baby and
actually the only reason I feel like we
went is because David was like okay
let's go because I said let's go over
and she's especially around here is go
to creation and David's like let's go to
all garden and if it chases like okay so
it's fine I love him okay we'll see you
in 20 minutes that's so terrifying I
just wanted us to make a decision so
finally when he saved us all garden and
I knew you were proud garden okay fine
let's go we love the all around thanks
daddy Jason it was fine it was fine I
liked it yeah I would go back I would go
in eating with you anywhere would be fun
so it's kind of hard to judge if I was
there alone I would have been like yeah
come
ever but I think you two are fun and
especially you Trish thanks yeah last
night was better you look the problem a
traveler chips on a bootcamp
he's like the teenage son Jason has to
be with other kids so we're like we
should be Gotham nation with all these
kids my kids are you now honest around
his kids mm-hmm beyond those four arrow
shows sorry I've seen blogs obviously
rather than this and the edited blogs
for a week I've been so busy with
amazing amazing things like truly like
it's crazy all is it's like happening
like you know I saw a little bit of
what's happening today but like stuff
started happening really quickly like
I'm so weird I was like so I kind of
felt like I was like I'm cutting my
youtube well it's funny about that like
YouTube was kind of changing a lot for
me in the past pop was like oh my god
what am I gonna do like YouTube's my
life like what am I gonna do like what
I'm gonna focus my energy on and you
know making money and that kind of stuff
and like this is how I know like God
works in crazy mysterious ways and
really whatever path you're meant to be
on you're gonna be on and so that's kind
of how I can see with life and
fortunately for me this time it's kind
of like putting me on like the right
path rather quickly I'm not like
hovering you know on one spot like
waiting to know where my path goes I
know it's like it sounds weird I mean I
like dogs am know um but like really
good shit is happening um I don't like
what like weird it's like good just
weird like a step I'd like
mmm like stuff I dreamed like literally
dreamed about as a girl and like when it
comes out and I like probably do a full
breakdown
I like crying video about this but like
literally since I was like a child I had
this dream and like it's my ultimate
dream and I never really talked why
don't feel like what do you want to do
like what's your ultimate goal or like
what's your end goal and I never really
talked about it cuz I always thought I
was like really stupid and I'm realistic
and just really hard to achieve I like
couldn't be more excited and and it's
just like happening and like it's crazy
and I'm like ah um so like I'm not
trying to get easier I can't talk about
it yet but it's just like really there's
just like there's just nothing to talk
about right now but cuz like when it
reminded the reveal call me I want you
to like be a big reveal but I obviously
can't talk about it but I'm like I'm
like blown away I'm shocked like two
weeks ago if you were told me this I've
been like well I would have been like
you're on crack so I'm just kind of
shocked I'm sorry I look so crazy it's
been like a long day we took Jason it to
Olive Garden
technically took us out it's all garden
for the first time um it was an
adventure I would've loved it Olive
Garden
I'll link below his if I can find
David's log too um just so you guys know
well let me see uh soup I already know
um
I'm sick weird to say I'm my own but
like yeah we had a really good talk last
night you might have seen it in this
walk I don't know I have no idea how
about hitting this but we are dating a
lot of people look like we're confused
and I was too and like I had a little
bit of a breakdown because I was giving
me like not anxiety but I was giving me
like a complex like you have one way
around me but then you say we're just
friends it was really confusing so we
had a talk and it's nothing like we're
not getting married next week but like I
love having like dating like officially
dating it's cool like having that person
like you know what I mean
so yeah that's regarding me and Jason
also I love David I think sometimes like
he was joking about it in the car to it
because like me and David both read
comments Jason never does but like I
truly truly love David I like I think a
lot of
I'm coming to Hawaii so fucking rude
like I can't believe it it's such a
different world when you're a youtuber
but all sort of that kind of youtuber
where they're just like so extreme and I
love it like I truly do love it and I
think like I was like so happy when I
got to me everybody but specifically
David because David and Jason are so
close together like so closer each other
like I really was like like kind of
honored to like meet David you don't I
mean because like that's one of Jason's
like BFFs like you know what I mean like
the main person he's like around and
like they work together and said like
that so I was like a big deal for me and
like I truly love David he's like such a
sweet person so I feel like if you see
and maybe this like ruining his brand or
whatever like that his image but I truly
love him we are so different like could
it be more different polar opposites but
like he is like such he is like a really
kind person he's actually very mature
for his age and I really really do love
him like he's been so sweet to me and so
nice to me so it's like it's but it's
again it's like it's not like it's fake
because like I do struggle we struggle
to like get each other sometimes but
like nice guy like I get excited to be
around him and I don't know you guys
know that I've been like isolate myself
a lot and I don't really hang out with
like friends that much you know you know
I love Shane and Rylan um and we hang
out and said like that but you know I
don't have like but than them I don't
have like a lot of friends then I see
that often but that's gonna change cuz
you know I thought with Gigi and gnats
and August and like so I'm guessing I
don't have friends but like it's it's I
like putting myself out there more like
tomorrow I'm gonna go hang out with
Pauline which I'm so excited because me
and Colleen text all the time like she's
like she texts me about stuff that's
like super personal and like it makes me
feel like special that she like feels
that connection with me because I feel
it with her you know we've hung out
before and but like just even watching
through each other's videos because the
weird thing about YouTube is especially
people who vlog the way I have a lot of
the way she blogs because there's
different types of vlogger so someone
like became me someone like David if you
go watch this vlog that are 4 minutes 20
seconds he's like action package always
have to be something happening like
extreme stuff like he goes out to film
content
I just feel my life as it's happening so
if like if I'm just doing laundry all
day like that's what I'm gonna film so
there's like different loggers and
there's like Jason who who kind of like
a mixture of both and like he wants to
make good content he looks at things as
like a story and character
button day you guys head can trust that
mine are real so like not nothing that
there's a think there's just a different
style so mine are just very like what's
happening so when I make videos this has
gone for all my relationships sorry this
is like so long-winded so much tell you
guys um I don't I don't think of a
storyline like I wish I could in fact
like if in fact I thought about doing it
before like hiring like a really old
after like 90 year old to be like my
boyfriend and like a video I think that
would be like so funny or like give me
or deny any buyer or like get marry like
big right or you know whatever um and
like even like a talking a baby like
like I like the idea that kind of like
this is kind of a bad example to kind of
like well it's up it's different than
what I'm explaining with kind of the
same but kind of like when Shane like
adopted a kid for the day like I bought
that kinda stuff like I want to set up
like stuff like that I think that's kind
of fun I guess like a different kind of
like fun elements like daily blogging
but at the end of the day like I'm just
kind of lazy so like even if I did think
of like a storyline or something cool
like I couldn't execute it and here's
the other thing like I feel like you
guys know me by now and this way me
Jason have like a serious talk last
night because it was it was at that
point where I'm like look I love you as
a person and like yes I want well know
wasn't say yes I wanna be your friend
but no I couldn't be his friend I was
either like okay we can film together
sometime but I don't want to be like
boyfriend/girlfriend like calling each
other boyfriend girlfriend if we're not
and then but like I didn't want to like
push it but how it all came out it's
like not so much to go into and I don't
need to go into it because it's it's not
it's not like that's not important but
he does say he's like well I obviously
have feelings for you and he feelings
for me and I was like wait what because
like I didn't know I've always been
these like complicated relationships
where people don't like what I commit or
there's hiding something or something
like you know what I mean
and there's nothing wrong with anything
like if you don't want tell me something
or just go something you're not
comfortable don't tell me or if you
don't to commit don't commit you don't
know mean but for me I love so hard you
guys know this like I love so hard and
with Jason in particular as like he was
like this really good friend of me
because when we were like hanging out
back in December like when Disneyland
stuff like that I was seeing somebody
else
so it was never that with us anyway
early on it definitely wasn't that so
you know it went from like okay so way
way we're early I don't guys want to
know the the progression the this real
relationship is like way early arm we
were going to get together on vlog and
then we ended up like hung up like a
bunch traps just as I cook up some like
that's pretty much it I wasn't blogging
with him I wasn't going out - it's like
friend bands like they had group of
friends I wasn't invited
that's fine you know we were like hookup
people that's what we did I was like hey
wanna come over I wanna you know what I
mean like it was it was actually really
fun so I was like not about like I would
I don't really care cuz also I was kind
of seeing this other guy and then I was
gonna burst love me big brother so it's
kinda like it's fine you know what I
mean
and then even I came back from something
rather like mmm I think we do like
another video in the fall and they
hooked up a couple times but nothing
like serious then it came to December
and he asked me to like hang out more
and then we just became closer friends
and but I was seeing somebody and so for
me it wasn't even my mind wasn't even
going there to be like I want to date
this guy haha
obviously I think Jason so hot like if
anyone's been on this channel for a
while like I've always like lately I've
been dating a lot of younger guys but
I've always liked older guys like my
first boyfriend Anthony Michael Hall was
like 43 and I was 18 when we dated Roger
was like 51 when we met like I've always
liked older guys like that's always been
my thing so you know he's definitely
like my type but I was never like I just
interested in question Mike I was so in
love with somebody else and then we were
hanging out more and I kind of was like
having more fun with Jason like it was
really weird and the other person was
giving me these like just I could feel
him drifting away and the other person
when I weren't like committed or
anything that but it was something
serious enough where he was staying here
and you know we were going on trips
together and stuff and so then yeah so
well as you guys know everything went to
shit this is like my life story for you
sorry so then everything kind of went to
shit when I was in the Bahamas with my
family over Christmas break I could
sense something was wrong with the
person I was seeing that was like living
here and like crazy should happen with
that in that case that like
like you wouldn't even believe I told
you I still to this day can't believe
that person was like that can't believe
it like oh that was that was the biggest
to me that was the biggest um what's her
biggest tortoise yes like mind I don't
know I don't know how to say it like not
mine but but yeah maybe it just like or
just it just kind of that was the most
shocking of all my big people that like
Roger I kind of knew I and I can't a
girl from and also the wasn't that
shocking so I had heard rumors before
with Sean I'm not gonna really get into
it other than like Tim it wasn't
shocking didn't mean didn't hurt but it
wasn't shocking this was like this last
year was like shocked like I was just
like completely like my world turned
upside down I was like well I really
didn't think I could trust anyone else
after that I solved a lot of trust
issues which brings me back to the
issues I had with Jason because I did
get really mad at him on Thursday cuz I
had trust issues because he was like
leaving and he want to see me and then I
was like oh my god like you know and I
just I didn't have anything that he
would go back and forth and we said I
love you but it was just like it was
just like did I mean it was just like it
was very confusing to me it was
confusing to all you guys it was very
confusing to me and he's he is he is he
is like he is on camera he's funny and
sweet and stuff like he's on camera but
he does different off-camera
like but everyone is ever most people
are very chill off-camera and I think
most people did admit that like their
private their private life or their
quiet and probably Shane's a really good
example like when I hang out with Shane
like Shane in his videos they're so
crazy and so funny and so a key and he
is super funny in person but he's he's
like way laid-back and very like sincere
and like quiet and wants to listen and
like you know I mean it's just I don't
know it's just they're just different
people same thing with like Jason like
and not to say I'm I'm I was dead pretty
I think I'm pretty this much the same on
camera at or I'm gray on this tangent
but anyways so it was confusing to me
too it was I was like especially January
when
when we came back from you know break so
to speak like nears after New Year's um
we start hanging out a lot and I was
kind of confused I like you know it's
such a tricky thing and here's the thing
with YouTube and stuff like I love
logging so like it was such a weird
thing to me Jason I remember the first
day we met I said could you mind us
being relation if we just film each
other all the time was like felt like my
dream relationship and in a way that's
like my dream relationship cuz I love I
love filming
I love being filmed I love doing stuff
for videos to entertain you guys I love
doing stuff for him for content you
don't even mean like I love getting to
live a cool life and sharing it with you
guys it's like a dream it's like a dream
wasn't getting just like the Kardashians
whenever reality show they plan on stuff
to film to make it interesting and I
like doing that stuff I also like doing
the real stuff like last night we came
home we went to this Mexican restaurant
near me is so good I guess I we family
one like watch The Bachelor and just
went about early you know what I mean
like that's like uh I think we dream
life you know it's like getting to do
fun stuff getting to vlog and also
getting to spend like time with like
really see you spend time together like
I cherish that so much and um it's just
I don't know I it was I think it's and
he's he has his situations a lot compa
more complicated than anyone I've really
dated before just because you know well
this is like not really the thing I need
to get to my buddy but he has kids and
stuff like that there's there was a lot
that he was like I'm scared and also
like we know this the world knows this
I'm a lot to handle I'm crazy
I say obscene things a lot of times like
what do you say doing you know what I
mean I can't even control sometimes I'm
also really crazy emotional I'm crazy in
general like it takes a really special
person to be able to deal with me and
like I'm working a lot my issues I am
but I can't change them overnight and
like it takes a lot of patience and
there is something about Jason that's a
very patient with me and that we just
click and we just come back together
because I last week the fight we had was
I wouldn't really go to detail cause
like he doesn't like to talk about this
stuff like publicly obviously and I get
it and I'm not going
to tell too much but I'm just saying
like it was a pretty extreme fight on my
end like I do this thing where I push
people away and I know how to push my
way I'm gonna let this get under their
skin find their insecurities and push
them away I can't do it it's not nice
because of someone did that to me I
would literally like go crazy but it was
all from sin security and so I told me
this insecurity of like I listened to a
podcast and being like you know but
we're just friends I'm like but that's
not how you act and that's not how we we
are you don't even mean like I know what
friends benefits is I know it's hooking
up was and that was not what we're doing
do you know what I mean like that's how
I felt we were doing so I just really
need to know where he felt so when he
was saying this stuff to me it was
almost kind of a shock last night
because I was like wait what like I
didn't know I truly didn't so it was
great it was wonderful to hear and um
you know I'm someone who's quickly
usually in relationships and he's like I
just move slow and I love that and I get
that and I just love being around him
and I honestly would have taken him any
way I could get it but hearing that
words and hearing like a little
commitment makes me feel a lot more
secure cuz ended the day Jason's a
really great guy like so great I can
just tell like I think you have some
business in this walk so he gets up
every morning if he's here wherever I
think this could school like spends so
much time with them like you know what I
mean and treats his ex-wife amazing
which says a lot a lot about a guy I
think it's great and I think it's
awesome and it makes me like this is a
good guy so having a said all Lots um
anyway so I'm gonna get space and then
like I said all the other stuff I talked
about earlier is like work-related which
is so crazy cuz I'm like happy in my
personal life and in my work life which
is very rare that I get both so it's
really cool I love walking out like this
is feels really good I think haven't
done this a while talked to you guys but
I wanted to actually end this and end up
being really long so thank you and like
I said I'm kind of past the point of
doing stuff for you so to speak like I'm
not gonna bring someone and call him
that my boyfriend like if I'm not having
feelings for that person you know what I
mean that's I would never do that
because like why like why would I do you
know what I mean
I don't know um but I'm actually
genuinely happy and genuinely content
and um yeah um anyways I gotta go eat
some Ferrara Scheib gave me this morning
and at you guys I love you guys
I've just been liking the vlogs thank
you for your support I'm up and down all
the time so thank you for being here
with me through the good and the bad and
I can't wait to share what's going on
cuz it's it's like it's not real to me
and even I think like when we start
filming like I feel like it's not gonna
be real I'm like I'm like a loss for
words but we'll get to that another time
but I love you guys thanks for being
here on the YouTube chant BAM and I'll
see you soon until America sees relish
