hi-yah God sighs and Dario I look
amazing I think that no one's even here
yet but I'm going to start cleaning
already good again what I do okay
hey guys we're gonna cook some grilled
cheese today and some tater tots I'm
gonna fuckin eat that ice cream I want
to eat last night
why are we looking like this you guys
why do I look like this not good
I mean Mike why did I get my hair and
makeup done and get excited to be what
what is wrong with me besides making
five thousand my god there is something
wrong there was a fucking OH - real
sweet that says girl is either um you're
too clingy or your personality points
that's too real
all right guys we're going to spill the
tea I have some coffee wet well good
since was not only am i lucky in skating
is in the toilet that honesty I'm
sinking feeling so much better
he's all the hair and makeup though I
don't usually wear a lot of hair makeup
as we all know from you now so I have
water and vlogging camera I'm a mess
I'm a mess um obiden cheetah a vegan
cheetah and he's always broadcasting
League India I'd be watching you he did
a video about me and some others are
gonna shit drama whatever wasn't went
bad you wasn't me everything but I had
advice and he listens to my advice I
know you listen to me it was something
with the video
the plug I was just like watching
something today where people looking to
see Oh give me two things
ah Gina specific to my duty well I don't
know because he said he has a persona
there's vegan cheetah and there's Tarly
that's bullshit like your conversion to
Hallock or Sonali it should be fucking
you especially when you are lover should
enough for you the other thing is I was
like the enter numbers their vlogs or
snaps or something but literally his
girlfriend was blogging this girl and he
was live chatting snapping or whatever
this bro I'm like just seeing the
perspective I'm just like a couple just
being just filming everything like
that's too much is why I pulled down the
blogging and home backup logging like
it's cool you can make a living doing it
as fun maybe don't have two cameras
going at all times it was just a lot it
was a lot all shade but I'll see you as
well I know he's funny whatever I mean
there and the other and stop taking shit
they always take up their fucking break
up don't say shit people don't like fake
shit
as much as like Sam fake rosamma I don't
fucking big shit but I know they do are
they fucking into that shit and what I
should do at you but worl the same
fucking H that's all like not be fuckin
we're not you know we're not fucking
dick Paul's mobile calls or anyways Game
of Thrones cup that says that's why do I
drink I know things I'm adjusting very
not vegan and fucking start you can
grill cheese though what's her new
tonight we're having grilled cheese and
cater top y'all I can order something
but okay I'm gonna clock I'm gonna be
domestic with you guys cuz you should go
mmm date no I'm my friend Savannah did
my hair but I didn't know makeup and
shit I want to I won't touch somebody
but I'm not a violent person so we're
not going to do that I got pretty for
you guys we'll just call you by the
dates a push it's what you guys for
big big cooking show first time across
your live show welcome thank you Mary
I'm sorry I haven't been looking at the
Chad and like I want to your lips look
amazing thank you my butt itches now I'm
going to cook girl be solemn sentry I'm
gonna cater talk to you know what I
should actually put the tater top in
first I like everything to be done at
once will feel to me like I'm in a
restaurant so I'm going to actually have
to wait a little bit but thank you for
the hundred wires there w all right
let's um let's play some heated hot and
then you know I'm going to make tha me
hi
here what maybe it's just my night with
lot red flag words that call
deal-breaker if you are a place it's a
deal-breaker
like it's one thing look at that it's
wanting to place like a day before the
exit we're especially Thursday up or
even what I'm like an AR we Salam or we
gonna fly like you know what I got good
bitch I get it again I go back to bed I
don't even make up my still itchy um
anyway hold on guys I'm going to come
right back to the chaps and put some hey
turtle I would have been a whole - a
connection yeah my dishes involved how
awesome is this patient like ever I
don't really care about boys it's warm I
can keep the father for all P cushion
bad karma coming my way
here seems you I'm doing I'm literally a
pewter pot I'm going to cut to the
chatting point and painting how to cook
Patricia here taught Babbage and your
top this everything crispy town final
Raya puasa me I need money
no rope and get old Saturday my new
single out of iTunes September 2017 we
will come back to this position when
you're right crunchy but can you talk
about actually crispy so they're going
to take a minute one sec y'all
thank you for the applause Madison um
where did you get your dress this is a
nightie actually somewhat or thicker but
it only could be a drive huh ah and they
fall over
I don't know what my life it's very not
fun um
this guy's wrong thumbs up this is very
exciting that I'm getting all these
thumbs up for being a miserable fucking
bitch
Patricia show um sorry that's your date
Sergio thank you my girl I see you and
I'm gonna unbox your a box really sweet
this amazing girl who runs my earnings
account is very fuckin sweet I love her
so much and she's here so shout-out by
the K and way it's another boy that I
almost lost my half of control my crazy
cuz he is an actual good guy and I don't
think there's a future for us I really
like I'm Thank You Hannah Brennan 500
bars you look so good thank you I was so
some date tonight you and I got stuff Oh
what is my life is it like a crazy
psychotic bitch right here I explain the
holding in the blog what if you don't
want to wait at the condensed version I
texted him up to 47 years of data 5 you
can see the 5 into 2 for 17 years like
if you are cool like you know I head out
this man's like whatever like I didn't
say I had other statistics coming up
like gay friend was like you went to the
movies tonight but I have a state so if
anyone because which you're not liking
if he is so cool and I need like an acid
hey if you get busy or whatever no no
it's gonna happen 23 minutes before or 5
it's 5 or 6 Mouse's like 437 um it's
okay it's still working like can't make
it how about tomorrow morning I'm like
yeah I really want to go on fucking date
tomorrow morning cuz I'm going to move
my whole Tamiko forget it my hair would
have to last and how was your assignment
we're not saying it was something yeah I
mean it it's all bullshit is whatever
like not even a serious like you know
but I am like what oh thank god
I've been filming all data because I did
a video she's not about this so I was
doing videos and stuff so I mean it's
fine I'm a lot of liquid I don't think
I'm running on okay packs over here is
all my liquids looks for guys and you
travel I'm traveling bitch
I'm so fucking ready for this adventure
I'm about to embark on and it couldn't
have come at a better time
your makeup looks good thanks I did it
myself no long fucking time but I did it
myself
it was very shiny what I made it happen
on some x1 a man freak I just had
problems I'm another guy that I really
do like he's a really nice guy
I like this where I feel like it was
being really buggy towards him like any
bug is in recess or not and yes maybe
it's just really good wave words I don't
feel that with him he doesn't seem like
a fuck-boy I mean he seemed to grow them
in check and I was lucky that by
clicking away and I had like a
prodigious in Jana page it's not very
happy in life right now and I just not
as soon usually show a lotta fun right
I'm not holding on to that either wasn't
Suzy got it on what shit going on and
then whatever measure you will must be
but I'm I'm like so good I'm so tired to
mix it up Jesus Christ like sorry
hey JC but mm fuck man ah I don't
understand coffee is so fuckin good
I am stir and story to my um that
wonderful
it's like a cross I Heligan woman um go
out so yeah I might that's why I kind of
kept everything intact within my company
run shell for a second it have a lot but
what I open up to Rosedale affair that
ended my house it's like a little glass
of growth a maybe I'll happen with you
guys actually that could be good
sweet should we have a little makeup
makeup I need looks a little right a
y'all from day and hater talk come on
classy bitch rose day one fuck people a
peach white girl wrote a I'm going to
take a little bit of my lips off just
for about to eat in this tomato my money
man
ah bitch that all gets it up once I take
a little bit of the box office the
crumbs will get a net um shit oh my ah
laughs little broad who loves to drink
when it's Jenny might have let me I've
got the girl cheese happily and like
which we said the girl cheese long
getting around on later huh what they're
looking good though there looks good
we're going to cook together sand fun
glide girl Rosie in the fancy Marilyn
glass whoa yeah baby cheers sleep
frickin weekend smell the weekend but
every day we can see hmm
I'm like that's wrong wife that has like
nothing going for her her life is she
doing what she looks good you know she
looks good she looks like she had to
ship together but she dreams so she's
miserable and CEO today when she dies Oh
bad sweet my good that's my drinking
I'll be drawn by her dress what huh one
more and that's it
I'm not good Chrissy yes yeah everyone
asks by the way so this should just
cleared up fucking people lots of
transitional shit yep we class
Sheila's look like faraway friends I
love her so much I don't I hate when
people try and start drama because if we
ever have drama we might be happy to the
number I was looking to each other but I
love her she's amazing well I sorta
goodness I know you're not like into
religion
but like call it positive energy
whatever by spray which is putting out
positive energy for you and chap like I
honestly I want to alter blog I know for
a tianhao like not sad and nice times
anyways but like how what's the word um
how much like what do you want a baby in
this like not happening but it's gonna
happen like there's I have there's not
even a doubt that it will happen you
guys have so much love and stuff to get
stuff
I watched her reading hate comments the
video and I like wrote my stuff and
partners but all the way she'll go
straight so she is just ain't take no
shit bitch but I love her everyone
always asked and she's ever seen so hey
guys I'm glad you're here I thought was
really cool up um I'm just like this too
and I love them
so anyways everyone tries to look for
drama and like like I said even when
there is drama or whatever like I like
who what the top I know again rose it's
another second at what am I just like I
love the whole kissing thing on your I
think it's I think is everything like I
feel like a little like p.m. girl so
stop taking my clothes off but I would
gladly take my clothes off for you guys
to answer should be amazing clamp we
have talked about it for ever girl we
need to I'm like a hundred like she hurt
she and all have fuckin gross over he
with more like anyone I've ever seen
I've been on YouTube like fucking 12
years I feel like stuff like it's not
going anywhere I'm offering so much and
uh as my asking about the stood up
saying like every good word you're up
from it's um thank you Darby boots at
Cellmark its betray secrets like a
ninety was my life on section spice and
really really sexy
there it is come on techniques hands off
y'all
I know this will play out like - my
husband Wow crispy okay I'm going to
keep those in until I'm done with a girl
she is right in this YouTube video right
now that she's cooking with fresh right
now speaking to you Trish I'm like a
note that will quit
one sec YUM I have a good idea for Seema
trishing
okay Thank You kini for the 500 bars
5000 bar him yeah so exciting I always
love this happen but I think it's really
making sense or what Gabi's my wunderbar
I got free it just like it's never any I
love being a little husband for you guys
say missing the world war for flowers
just kidding I'm actually the best and
like a whole drunk so I'm sure there are
things that help you with your
liposuction scar there are self-made at
all thank you very easy for the thousand
bar don't fade I'm not too worried about
it
crazy party for 500 hey Trish hi can you
please dance every time someone to five
thousand bars but hell yeah love you
guys I why I'm not working I do have no
bra no keep talking to you now okay
sorry all right let's get the scroll
teeth going because those skaters are
clogged and quick Lena coming for dinner
are you eating anything exciting
alright this is so fun watch me cook
look if utensil change got me for my
birthday
they're true shoe tencel's thanks angel
one who like to lead it back on you now
cuz Ryan was doing it the other night
music going on you should go do you know
like you know what how cute is that
right super cute fucking sing a
superhero I'll fuckin kill you so
interested oh my gosh is that against
you policies right me people I don't
want to tell you oh fucking yellow it's
so exciting to see your chefs in the
house of Trish I'm gonna teach you off
I'll make a fuckin grilled cheese
get a plate out really I'm really
excited about this what you need fucking
butter cheese and bread I think kids
were there just making sure this
expiration and you know good what is it
and I think that this is why my fucking
slow use make French but if I'd never
worn before I'm just going to carb up as
freeze obsidian really what happened to
work well I can't leave the child yummy
yes Tricia's go chose the right way
bitch yes no suigetsu so fuckin easy
liddie liddie a up um on six and hungry
second vegan i respect he is like a
trusted on or whatever from adult video
but honestly i say that because i
fucking like what make factors were like
fuck CD people because they fucking make
which they were sitting I don't wanna
say box any people but you know what I
mean like I just hope vegan so therefore
it will PowerShell and respect them when
I come down focus on what we did because
they like fucking need ingredient core
about here now I want to eat their
fucking chicken nugget
let's just kill all the animals for that
I've been swearing so much lately so
kill me
what butter the bread and getting on us
is very exciting bread then you take a
crap mac and cheese slice very good
culture guys I hope you're paying
attention
and following along I am a fucking
homemaker not to bring stupid whores up
but I some a maybe for Shaun when we
first started hanging out
he loved real key I'm a fucking amazing
person
sorry Matt like reading these comments
really is honestly the weird pizza
forever what worse yet hi old woman
accurate after at me I'm a fucking old
bitch
mmm husband so bad as I prayed for shit
you know what I shouldn't even be
decorating I guess to her boyfriend
first look at honest loyal boyfriend
let's see fucking parrot fish alright
time to flippy maybe not still sticking
don't embarrass me fucking whore
sandwich I'm live isn't even like close
to being coded come on bitch boom did it
one person is they respect me is that
button from cheese
I need to make like alcohol to drink
because I will be a massive I bring me
out long everybody enter mother tonight
I'm going to La Croix my ass just like
reminded all office's lovely how are you
the most beautiful girl where are you
where are you are you single I don't
hear if you're male female or a fucking
animal I want to marry you
how do you think a video ideas my life
my Fionna become a just pressing stream
of consciousness of bad karma that I am
endearing later on life become a fucking
terrible person early on in life so
there you go thank you for the applause
I have a sip thank you friends if you
like poop a lot love the name I don't
get why haters watcher I don't know
fucking why doesn't understand I'm
getting a little chunkier wait I got to
read the chunky comment because those
always tell me once if we sort on key
Tricia
oh thank you for making me judge
eccentricity a little funky lots of term
chunky I don't know what it is autopsy I
see what that's turn and you know what
I'm glad I couldn't make you feel good
for being a little chump stir myself we
can still be sexy went off the road a
while I'm away from the grill cheese
soup
puree puree you know this is my new
night to you know when I get that
freshman 90 for the week real life is my
unique give it aah
after made in a hurry to scare me I will
clean it off on me one second
so now I know
how'd it go all about on me stop way of
saying it don't be a drunk poor awesome
let me smell myself alcohol tonight
awesome oh wow like totally freaked me
out I mean right on whoa
these babies got crisps bed awesome oh
wow
I tell me bring it up bring it on yes
really
what it here yeah
kill another day survives in depression
I loved a forest about depression don't
you being alone is amazing fucking love
it
crap now we should be a little
irreverent really happy guys don't worry
I just think it often for a mr. negative
live show he is my soul mate he's
talking about me now he turned over a
missing person people he's hot
I like them you know know me middles
Midwest little trashy that's not high
and you know slide shows this is where
make you a chef Jill I kind of fucked
this one up they're all out of whack but
yeah I bar after all this to guys Dallas
down oh haha time to second y'all this
is still hot we're going to burn myself
she asked session first for fingerprints
off you're all fallen soldiers okay and
we are good will mean a grilled cheese
can we just give it up right back at for
my fucking beautiful grilled cheese I'm
really really proud of it thank you see
applause for from the literal applause
like you guys in my not buckle home we
go right now like who doesn't want a
girl cheese like you're truly
my expenses of the war send it to your
dad and anyone you know that our single
to say she cooks to my desperation of
our clock and rimmel so they can clip in
over there in Israel okay I'm a little
scared the combo now the chat I'm sorry
peirong I don't even look worried over
here because that resonated thanks
applause from Dina gate son Ishmael
thing is like an alcohol flavor um well
so at this point I get home I can high
really anymore feeding me some pot
please your help yourself is I would
share the answer here on some picture
did you do your makeup I did Thank You
Louise Wow for the thousand bars
hot I'm pushing my boyfriend you're
pushy lady here where are you up
chenkov rapper lips involved um four
dissolves I'm going in this week I just
want time yet what there yet saves your
house here is the fat fat bags you know
pic we gotta something there I mixed X
I'm gonna hang out tonight even just
click on it to mountain without any
video say his first one in like seven
months remember I love him so much
useful funny
this channel is so good you think my
favorite YouTube where hang out with us
I am good I go anywhere what are you
drinking am a lot of drinks over here
the quarry bottled water and coffee and
then a little road a party frickin salon
would get you guys Thank You lamps
Toronto seats survivor bikes exact if
you don't look in your life loss why is
it really that easy to just adopt the
kids
all that's a really good decision I'm
not in the mental space right now to do
that at all
I saw that new Gallup you're amazing
I love you some long with you I'm your
necklaces thank you
then we're all for thinking I'm a couple
stuff I also hope you socially thank you
as a waste
I call cheese lips good
and so one chance draw open up on why
with you here is it will be good hmm do
you like kitties tricks Oh hm you need
to date drew you sure around that leaves
we've had one mess together
Logan no we're too much alike to date
what flavor is that reduce your grilled
cheese compare sodium mm ah I went off
on my blog there you'll see I'm gonna
post tomorrow at analysis what else I
got be on the image amina som more of
them thank you for the lights it seems
like Ramos up fifty thousand life is
amazing
I'll be everyone oh the flavor of your
dream hahahaha thank you I'm Mangum
Oh William I can make no great roll-on
that holds my nights it when you doing
your tears for him I gotta do it as well
as I how in the listening to film I'm a
really long story I want to relive it I
will do it now I would your Neela play
just make it thank you
as you saw we shook on my katana
inscriptions like I can't take the heat
comments about you at least until that
inlet I'm loose lips Thank You Jennifer
mm bars what do you think of David Oprah
I know that is he really needs you so
fast
fasten your bitch
who stood you up you shall remain
nameless not even fun wait for you for
new feature dresses and now you can
Victoria's Secret I thought I just knew
make a video a nano second II make out
with you know like yes one politics
excuse for ditching you um II was still
working labra I have some two hours
before give you guys like I'm missing
more Sun but all right well and then it
gets like done they have what tomorrow
morning right yeah I really want to go
on a date and we're doing make a bit of
fun morning so just weird Siemens make
up some here on hopefully use like I'm
on here like a hot mess special stuff in
my face issue a lot public resupply our
children
I probably well I'm gonna find someone
hang out with it I was sadness
loneliness of expiration well bad you
can use a se lot of St Lauder Double
Wear huh why are you pointing my fire
people in here my chance my food sorry I
think it's the most you should have
enough album you want to be such
refrigeration situation that no wonder
and he does it's why you've you why is
guru though Thank You CC for the
thousand bars get some ketchup no bitch
you know I don't want no preference not
a touch of mother fucker
thank you will easy for the 50 bars
glad don't let that make it go to waste
it's not working I will find somebody
sorry I suggested search I am
what's up with you inside nothing
because he's a dumb motherfucker Evette
refuses to acknowledge anything to me
we're on video come well wait here it's
37 year-old Jason acephate there's no I
run his ass room there's no update she
got my number somehow I don't know how I
really don't I don't go to John's oh
well hasn't one angel open I don't how
about this one involves two people and
he doesn't share data shit blast out
there we don't have any morning anemia 9
9 bad in to save I'm not going to my
closure supposing to be I agree even
Busboys can be closure including gender
fuck way and back saga will end once a
sub conclusion in education I'm going on
one very very hmm the life parties
happening woo asking em give you sixteen
thousand lies bitch
whoa why not date today it is we are
dating we sect
perfect key for you be hot you mean we
increase me like shit mmm I love my like
that just my side a little bit doubtful
fraction he wasn't immediate magic
naughty come on to getting in with her
she over here
I'm agree something dad's like about my
gaming a video like some transfers onto
my Bulls are there we got fucking not
you can do one it so you want inside
this you know I might go really wobbly
one point a bit doing like Lotus to et
la back sir Morgan like wasting money
why him why haven't you tried eating
crow I have I was dating a couple I
really like them I did not sure what
happens
we gotta didn't have a falling out but
we fell out you know maybe I'm falling
out we just fell out I love real mm
weaken I would have that in 20 like it
was a joke girl I don't press me the
great setting we're doing it from with
the butterflies and flowers um I was
Pottery Barn
maybe someone I want to go and get food
glory eating you'll sign along here what
support eating is the same bad I know we
web but I don't care about my first
associate art lab for dating my free
spirit
I remember to see your point yes in Ohio
I have your new looks pretty amazing
well thanks Carl
where's the don't yes Simurgh I say I'm
gonna tell you I'm missing a stupid meet
you you're gonna regress thank you for
the applause mixed to 0 to 2000 in the
Pentagon were you engaged earlier this
year I was that was the truth
you had Botox in my forehead come so
they're eating crumpets with a compass
sick sick sick the devil just tip me
busty bars creep your bars double I
don't want them any chose your arsenal
pumpkin hmm hashtag face with one the
light Thank You Ashley for the thousand
bars when you go into Minnesota mm-hmm
smiles America will you still be a
playmate
I was never explained me all right so
wanted me funny you know like with Glenn
down he'll do is rent a gallery girls
rectum which I feel like it you look so
pretty oh sure we haven't well it's only
six o'clock here I'm going to see what I
can get into him are doing it into the
freezer here so I end up being a horse
look at that dress lip having fried to
christen be it shop dares you to wear
she in here black man's dream was her
name is her gown she was so funny if she
looks for me I left her right back she
always acts like acknowledges when I
call her my bestie
I love her personal funniest luck
oh my god number 22 on top broadcasters
like and number one sorry my wife
smokeable I feel I got the legal out of
you now
it's only going on for you you just
receive Harvey's a quick later you can
click a man alright class on oh come on
ECM oh hi honey he's so weird or creepy
watch I've got well things look twenty
hundred videos without ugly and gross
and it happened there's going to move
out from the past yeah so I'm really
gone for a little bit to summarize oh oh
move out later where do you sit over it
was a brick deposit from right down into
your high main building Eastern holders
here books about your site wrong horse
should you up with other fucking key to
tracking sénéchaux with my here young
thank you
really vegan 4,000 Lars McHale ethers
house bar thank you guess I'm stabbing
my daddy you're sorry I'm late
anyway date stood me up not because it's
so I'm still ready to go I'd really cute
outfit on your your luck I don't think
you already go where's your podcast
Shane coming out it won't be up for a
while
um and then he has a limited you get to
put out 100 jeffree star one with the
puppetry of the penis oh my 11 runs away
so what does the job smells like this we
go up no to have a dachshund
soryo swinging my video tomorrow in the
wake up with me this morning there's a
video about the Jon Snow guide I don't
know why how I think a lot of Ally you
know are you in GG friends yes you can
you just listen with our snapchat she's
like sure she was um we just see her
like taking a selfie during which for my
birthday party Tokyo and she like
snapped out and say why I try to use
this was a private Caribbean palace
you'll see in the blog that I film today
which will pas be up tomorrow
well I'm gonna get some ice cream
so come on we on the whole just watch
the blank Hornet what so there was fire
possible he had a supports traveled I
would or cool I was on the mood for
anything really
I'll take some it's so weird seeing the
kitchen live
improvement um well the chlorella now is
the prior year beyond the color to it
from the Laura questions I did that my
whole makeup see on camera so you guys
can see it on these are everything the
show tiny dub sorbet like raspberry
chocolate bars and so for some good the
actually Magnum makes better ones but
well I'm looking better it's just it's a
more raspberry this is more like fruity
so good
thank you suppose if you like why don't
you get a man from right men try Righton
man from this that would be everything
it's beautiful thank you
I'm eat my feeling tonight fragrant Nick
apart like to wear to used by all false
with false eyelashes comes out
one mmm I love my eyeshadow palette
would you recommend officers young Emily
second cousin why don't you get last
census oh my god I'm gonna give them one
sister having to look so fucking good
Thank You Stephanie for five hours our
favorite stroke on favorite storm hmm
laughter no um as indeed it victorious
egress on Urban Outfitters Rogers your
mom chase duty she works out a lot says
my sister day without a lot o that much
what they eat like hot they don't like
healthy cephalus everything drugs but my
mom doesn't should be pretty little
fortunes at it when we ordered Admiral
felt like a legacy sub which doesn't eat
like Thank You Elizabeth for a thousand
Mars
boss I'm Jake Bob he's hot welcome I
heard you a square billion dollars a
month so like I'm kind of a quarter of a
billion views a month wait nine hundred
thousand dollars like a million dollars
a month so album mmm-hmm I'll run at
home for a million dollars a month I
love to eat I love to watch the video I
don't know why all those who here mom my
mother is in here supposed to love your
lips thanks mommy mr. towers mommy where
you hear whatever exactly how to facial
fucking skinny
come on go to Lulu's me this week I'm
Sisyphus
it's only playing one show time in LA
remember I would hate to be back me too
bus back to fullfil Pacific hmm what
happened you're sure you can do up a
condom just getting you in fine I just
I'm not mad a really nice annoying
someone's not my I guess your mom tell
my mom's I'm in the guys are gonna super
Draupadi guests cannot even guess what
y'all deathless and yes mine has a tiny
shrimp mom do remember have you in the
gasps I'm coming up we give a gift sir
makes me feel up for the thousand bars I
got chocolate all over my lips a little
bit
I sell such as like a frog map is not
roasting me some was our case in law and
looks like you have two sentences to be
married with two kids and happily we
haven't Game of Thrones character Khal
Drogo and King Joffrey no I'm not
meeting with Don Cohen's offending
really happy you're modest in the next
mighty pick it up mom did you remember
on your own mom damn a snack cause I've
just finished eating my grilled cheese
and tater tots in the SIP remember
something writes again in my broadcast
and I had like 10 minutes left okay
Nancy maybe for the thousand bars oh my
mom I'm sorry you try to preach that
mean I'm trying to reassign me about two
alive and I'll FaceTime Raptor I always
do that all right mom welcome to the
show my mom's face no sir
and like I know you're happy
oh yeah you want some ready in my life
Jose why put on Twitter a mess but I
haven't you I have a guest also loser
rep come here guess if she knows using a
gastric unity surprise
hey huh she's in her underwear never
mind I was hello
but everyone mad how everyone in chat
mad you're kidding or not
and Here I am again without makeup
that's great Jordan asked how you stay
so skinny I don't I'm sorry I had to
work out and swim today no I've given it
an alcohol now but you drink up Holly
you're so skinny
no I was getting crap hell no I'm doing
and it looks really good that raspberry
chocolate but you know what I went out
and bought today cereal Wow Otis word
that's gonna cream my sweet tooth at
night now I'm gonna go hang out with
your mom tonight so don't hang out with
her
well hang out with your mom's lamb and
make up an air gun like one tonight pull
out with it oh I can't say mom don't say
anything do you say well I don't miss my
mom you fucking without any more babies
bass diving first of all anyone what's
that you say anybody
don't say somebody's do you think name
no Omega oh wait you guys I saw some for
damage control
no give us the sea Lennon don't egg her
on everybody that's why my mom is how do
you do anymore who fuckin says too much
come watch me I will give you one minute
druid you're not doing YouTube Miller
women okay do I owe ya one oh yeah
that's right so he's not doing YouTube
anymore I can't tell you we did a video
game I thought you said he's the last
one no he's like coming back to you too
now oh mama fish is sunny tomorrow
sweating to death like a fool that
menopause is just hot
okay how underwear on you should be
talkin back rub
mm-hmm um okay she's probably in the
background sitting on a chair in their
underwear one more setting miss your
YouTube when you need to come back I
know but I don't have time anymore I
have a real job now thank you
I couldn't survive you to buy what did I
make ten dollars five dollars a month at
alumnus David sounds barking to idle um
long bars I have $1 thousand baht per
person um my mom said I love your hair
laughs I love your hair
me he did a good job thank you from um
she's not someone I funny about that so
spa Savannah she's good um so much your
mom awesome said you like bo Derek
obviously they Mondragon at a real job
haha I said I use not real job it's a
real job you have people all have like
millions of subscribers like you I have
done a lot just for the love of it I
could I try to make it a full-time job I
think I did it a monstery but since work
Wow we have ideas you're gonna have
imagination and I know what am I gonna
do a grocery haul every day
oh yeah any luck eating well I don't do
mukbang but nobody makes me I guess I'd
do it myself like a Saturday I have a
proposition Saturday something really
fun and exciting well I'm not so
exciting for you in funding sighs I mean
I can't find anywhere else to go with me
so what was it well I'll tell you what
if you saying you did I say well not
many people showed up but what if I have
a crazy stalker watching me may show up
where is e that would be me
okay you never shop I invite you need a
shop
please Oscar your YouTube channel once a
week since I'm lucky I was here 1 2
weeks I am by her powers out yesterday I
invited her where did she tell you oh ok
first of all it was 3
ago cool right Fridays sorry for Thomas
I don't call your mom the b-word my
husband I'm telling you bitch I would go
this can be using it got my nails done
this and the last time hey my name is
beautiful
okay well if you have to get off don't
stay on because of me I just know I read
you know I'm ominous but I'm we were you
always come at the end of my shift but I
like it
well I guess because we're playing cards
cards ooh
and Callie little bit gonna be for
Michael Octavia huh the anger hi
everyone's wondering where you're at no
PR in social media the media okay
YouTube no no love your mom and Dan's in
the grocery store did you dance and
Gorky sir
Oh remember way far when you're still in
Marina del or locations I'm not there
anymore
hello why aren't you with your mom and
your sister
cuz I do not live with them I would go
crazy
so she's birdy oh did you fear not I am
who's there with you you're on you now
you you or whatever you know you know
okay
why Hallie's mr. Graham on private I
didn't know she was on private okay
that's great you Callie and Len I love
together we already done that
many times some of this alt maverick
they beat the bird is maverick oh I told
her she should date Logan pause man
matching bird hooking up everybody go
tell Logan Paul today I'll tell you 432
I have a boy rider I am talked early we
all don't have one is your sister being
Moody
that's a personality I'm just busy and
cracking bad July which is it's good
luck for groceries were with you
someone's I can I need an ice cream ice
cube I got Reese's peanut butter cereal
we're lucky charms Reese's down next you
never have night Oh terrible there's
peanut butter balls and chocolate balls
and together they taste like a Reese's
oh my god you have you are not my
daughter I did not sound good
it is really good all right I'll tell
her everybody how good that is and I got
lucky charms and then I might have felt
it a little paying a guilt and I got
Cheerios mostly green to make it bad
and here's good I thought face of skinny
I was like how's your own business going
to cheat cereal no I just bought it now
I have an ADD cereal something I love
Callie so much for what yelling from the
other side of the room it seems like
your mom likes your sister more that is
all I am definitely more my mom's
favorite whole day she's getting missed
again versus past my bedtime I gotta go
but all right I'm gonna FaceTime you
what'd you say
I can't watch everybody thanks for
having me as your guest okay are you
really going about our type-a Sanyal
we're gonna patient when you're done I
have to find out what's going on okay
well that's a fine I was going on in
have a seat
exciting but I'll tell you I'm getting
my lips
where you are no they look like
chocolate on it feel like know what he
injects more in the middle than this the
end right oh that's how you look like a
duck so gives you that like member that
one girl on Beverly Hills housewife
looking a big jock it was so wide yeah
it's not like a I wasn't be like all
those growing in my lips before terrible
I just you know it's a different look so
how they do them least arena that is so
I'm getting my lips yes that's okay
don't you do that yes I am Akira breasts
for hey Mike Keaney our Sean hey mckaela
you see how those big giant birthday
cards remember oh yeah okay um Game of
Thrones is not a porno I really beg to
differ on that we gotta oh I don't know
it was just bad he was wrong why my
mother how do you think he was wrong I
tried at the beginning my mother goes on
necklace I think I tried to show I love
you guys too
someone said are you and your sister
your mom going on a trip - not soon
enough but someday we talk about it
we're going oh sorry you live there I
love your mom more than the videos oh I
like your mom lie more than the videos
unless you're calling you know I know I
could be chatting what are they sent me
a message today that I remembered the
2015 bikini haul you did I love that was
a bad bikini haul on YouTube ever now my
friend of four years is finally gonna
try and wear bikini top I just got so
randomly came up I'm like okay I see
yeah you that's why you need to be
making more videos mom somewhere asked
for the vegan cookies that you like Oh
Rio to 2,000 bars in Korea so be
Kentucky use that you like so ones are
those packages that you got me I wonder
if that Riano Surya The Naked GERD
her name's Rio - what
make a bird she lost she had to
supplement she lost all her feathers
she's very popular in Instagram oh my
god I know what does birds instagrams up
for you and cam wow he has five million
baht where she doing is she like sitting
at the bar by Oracle drink what are you
drinking
I think jib rocker nickel true you look
pretty bad can't see you're that far but
the lighting Larry is a cookie they said
Larry
Larry's cookies all those protein
cookies they're vegan I guess apparently
I'm with them and what sometimes I can
help you
this a guy laughing when Callie put
their two cents in from across the room
our license is okay I have to go away
she's getting up why one more
opportunity sure that comforts her but I
don't know yeah we may want to say can
you put your face and they just want to
say hi and then I'll pay attention girl
very absent but here's something hi
please yeah she's washing her hands I'm
on the line freaka Callie
oh she was doing scratchers okay oh here
we got flipper they're very good they
like the hair flip they said they like
we like to point helpless
hi there she and I carry just you're
gonna back Callie what I wouldn't you
huh Queen hi I'm also talking about me
you're Trish but another that all they
love you like they were so gorgeous
family she's so pretty she has a look at
bad they love you Wow everyone thank you
oh my god so fast
ah yeah nice it why is my face bushnell
oh yeah you know my sister will pay
seventy five times a day when she's war
in my kitchen
time you love is a sign why is my face
you like squished in this camera summer
friends what kind of sauce my lashes is
you sister have there is a story time
all three of you are beautiful
thanks guys come back in soon so much
work someone said well what's up with
you boob um I was coming on a date and I
got stood up again for the 500th time by
a different person I'm ready just not
gonna accept any more days like I asked
him at two o'clock today I became we
still on mutilation yeah we we have five
o'clock for 37 he's like hey I don't
ever make it what o'clock tomorrow
morning I'm like yeah well in the fuckin
morning and I was like I was I bet my
time it's all good another time same or
different different diet I'll tell you I
see you know I told you about him I look
at the person behind you I meant well oh
I just really puffed not with Lucky
Charms oh no she said I got this
and lucky truck oh and the chat didn't
she she might they were mixed together
and I like that home oh you said lucky
charms and the Reese's were mixed
together oh I met Mick see I'm one
puffing my mixed she said together
haha exactly alligators alligators shop
stop stop someone to said awkward which
I like it
you are my sister is amazing you can run
lunch in the joy she's better than me
and I would be very jealous no because
you're more you're more disciplined than
I am no I have no wife you owe yourself
it out I don't I like that person huh
alligator how do you pronounce Falcon
Cal Gator like Callie Gator alley
Callie Thank You pal 100 Wow dang what
does that mean we get point we explains
where we're going on up
oh we're never what I'm grown right now
hmm
haha doll made me holla haunted Bobo Cal
you should jump on to them County High
I'm on the I don't know what you would
say you're on the path I'm on the path
if you're me I didn't wash my hair today
so sorry about it
I'm watching you in a week so I'm not
sorry about it I am I I relish attitude
everyone not something she have so many
youtube edition she do does it look good
feels so much better than when you first
found them so I could say their heels
now they look good it's not like a
tattoo tattoo though it's like a semi
permanent tattoo and they say it over
time right
oh yeah they go away like in a year
looks like I'm Cali they said Cali
tinder no I don't tinder I hold a
session and it would be amazing I match
she does do well how's that going for
you ice exhausting cause it's like oh
then like I don't want to go through the
whole Oh what's your favorite color
what's your color I didn't know there's
like a stupid question
thank you or your family's our favorite
movie what kind of music do you like
what do you do for work well what do you
see yourself in 10 years
ah job interview or a date oh it feels
like I'm on a job interview is I can we
just drink and like enjoy each other's
company
how was your weekend though bitch Matta
good no it was fun you know me and like
I got to know two people really but no
don't you like them no yeah
I mean everybody has their moments like
where like I want to just be quiet and
be crabby and like she's chatter uh I
gotta slice a little bit like can we
have a moment of just silence
Mississippi like no thank you Carrie
yeah thank you heart I was giving you an
hour I don't have a boyfriend I'm just
playing the field now if I would have
forget any guy or Oh baseball Blair okay
I need you get anyone you want me to
like fits just okay sure Hinata ice
cream bar what time is it bad I don't
ice cream bar earlier you missed that
portion of the show
Thanks and my shepherd look I love it I
love the little you know right here I
sniff you had your little dance for it
you got a dance women bars
I know and guess what that's none for
you I love my sister everyone loves you
you make the show boob
what else has been happening
honestly like I see time you and do this
it was actually going to be even more
morally face I'm doing me looking at
YouTube comments and my sister like
would be undressing me get it our
baseline conversations are like this I'm
getting ready and she's like ah you know
I hate to talk to you when you're
getting ready she liked me hmm
cuz I sister calls me when she bore has
nothing to do I play everything so I'm
doing I don't have friends
you and Mom and I am marking that's it
why on you go bitch friend
whoa mom burn this is that we are going
to internalize right now let's be the
like we have
twelve thousand life but we can't
pronounce your name gave its exclamation
point gaze oh it's like I know it's like
that Arab why are over there Abed was
like a point is what the term is I
believe I want you with the Arabic
knowledge Oh anything for this if you
like um it is Arabic Arabic Oh what is
Sanskrit what does that mean Sanskrit
like a faun right fine
know if that's a bucket of water that's
like English but like a different
language like Chinese has symbol
body-wise next I'm quaking Sanskrit as a
language okay thank you
no it is not a language Oh Sanskrit
Sanskrit your stroke is like that's the
LMO same guy named uh stole dozen lines
again I don't wanna mean we all know her
name it's an ancient language okay
nevermind I don't know I just guessing
you guys know better summers that your
noon I was hopin I know I have the girls
in here I especially got Ashley R
thousand bars times to Cali me more
videos like inclusive tally time this is
very exciting
that's right back from the dead zombies
sad as well it's very rare so exciting
that we see a cow Gator around here I
don't have a new you know but you know
what groups a time when my sister maybe
I'll just do that we can supposed you
anyways on base I'm but there's actually
more lively because you have other
people chiming in you know we do ugly
faces though to do one okay I'd like I
don't know the angles i hope someone did
not screenshot that oh you know they did
your sisters a lot of are cracking
sister
Thanks I'm Kelly Kardashian you cookie
you have to care
I have the K thank you SEF for the
thousand bars let I see yeah let's see
Glenn se yeah now you miss I might I see
em but I see ya
oh my god fuckin person is stood me up
acne again and I wanted to coming
tomorrow like oh oh probably happens one
and you know me I don't do my makeup
I fuckin major in my makeup it's torture
for me we're gonna she's gonna make her
debut right now Oh someone's screen shot
my sister Callie do a second base of a
screen shot and finish her Logan Paul
maverick go seriously you had to tweet
that to lugga mwah
I think it would be really great
together I think Jake balls a little
weird a little cozy but let's say I'm a
converse you didn't know what you
thought was you know map requires I'm
like I only travel on maverick you
probably not because of me if I told you
you could lead to guys the boyfriend Tom
ah if you want a boyfriend
Galia my queen thanks for my to work why
you don't know elsewhere so I make up my
own rules
oh that's on Alyssa violet I have no
idea what that is is a Jake fallback
girlfriend Oh Logan Paul's like no more
like wasn't what I don't know anything
about him I just know that he's grabbing
I'd like to see sue and they say I'm a
terrible person then am i terrible
she laughed said bye bitch she did just
like me me more made me go she pass out
uh fun now I do workout videos you like
Hollis prose both of that everybody does
like him yeah nobody says don't say
anyone can do a full split so take that
how you will I was ever the one that
raised my hand and
asked to read okay because I know I
sound like an idiot when I read nothing
like that why do you say that I wasn't
that's what I'm reading the comments do
not read anything oh yes I will have
everybody that as me on IG piano soccer
if you watching well if you're watching
soccer table cameras they're coming back
similarly we just I know they're
annoying with Herbert is got FaceTime
mom Yoshi where was lucky I mean I'm
leaving this Howard Asian Knepper in the
noise she was missing me that's why that
was a law advert is that a female bird
they don't know no but she's real sassy
so she's Oh what dude a bird everything
a gay man I'm sad I said she's she's a
queen any way that she looked like it
it's it's the Queen it's a queen like
that could be both boy or girl so she's
she's you know what I don't like put a
sexual people on my bird yes both
genders these days what if I called you
guys when you're both genders you go
back and forth what is that called like
you identify as male and female that is
something someone tell us in the
comments I don't know someone can tell
us gender fluid there you go that was
the term we're trying my somebody's a
Kenwood okay love and then rest assuming
I'm not liking it that that's weird what
that bird is yeah she needs a blood test
to figure out if she's a boy or girl and
like you know what doesn't really matter
I love her out
ah you like you there you go that's a
good parent Callie what do you think
this quote is from that's what I do I
drink and I know things
that's what I do I drink and I know that
and I know things would you think it
from I don't give me a hint
what is we talking at half a mile that's
really from Game of Thrones
yeah I felt like I'm stupid they do they
drink and they know things curious how I
didn't move always say that no here
Ian's a little one Peter Dinklage some
little person you shall find it you
would love the xiao qian okay alright
that's that's a good way to get people
off phone my mom my sister effect on
ball games around say goodbye but do you
want to say to freedom my sister told me
a while ago check all ocean show you you
would think it's guys so hot
here's a picture she sent me gave him
alright ill on his bike and i'm home
gays ukraine hmm
now i don't have twitter because she is
lame my love relationship it's a long
time to get to every on that is to
actually i really just an automatic yeah
but I was in love me system but you
gotta have family because they're the
only ones have your back no matter
because one day they will leave you show
that is not true Tricia's cool crazy
said though that's what someone says
we're all a little crazy yes right Haley
no thanks again with wrong way did
someone agree with me that they don't
watch it yeah I said right Callie no
thanks uses gave a groan yes honey
yeah are people just quoting Game of
Thrones now so why would a Glenn sicker
than what no blood is thicker than water
is in fact a referral
David Rosen
fuck you buzzy fuck you I'm Calgary you
now you are hopefu she is so much
funnier and better and better
you kept thinking saying haha PS now
will the boy with that my sister
oh there's on video you know how you to
always recommend you like to stay in
video your lines which I don't wanna
fucking watch this shit like it's like a
random person you don't subscribe to
they keep recommending the same video
there's one called my my sister is
skinnier and prettier and it has like 8
million views and it needs to be
recommended to me and I might but I
don't want a lot of them like my sister
subdue defenders like this like chubby
girl and I go skinny for family happened
entire moment in uni I do it i see the
ads that pop up like if you go on google
e and like then you have all of these
little Iliad
maybe it's like tapping into your brain
maybe it is fucking weird and shits out
yeah my sister is absolutely gorgeous
but we all know I'm very conceited and I
love myself as well so I don't ever feel
competition my sisters are really
different
well I she's jealous of Kalia oh I knew
myself people always think I'm a like a
trans which not a bad thing they're fab
but I never nothing a man well is I'm
not a bad thing I can trans are more
beautiful than me
you guys like you and I don't know what
that means but thank you yes honey okay
man yeah Pompey and yeah I was always
thinking though I'm on the set part I
love your hands too what the fuck huh
come on me girl what is it she said
people think I'm a trans - and I'm not
it's just I don't know it I live in some
pictures I'm not photogenic that's the
thing look oh my god Yvonne you yes you
are and then what I drink too much then
is like this a whole differences oh yeah
don't here on my sister when she will
dong zhuo what carried in stuff she's
Cal Tjader one four three salt ke ELLs
nobody you go girl now Gator boys I'm
gonna have like you
I just sent that screenshot to Logan
Paul I die we keep on a date with him I
now have a date so you would have to go
on a date you have the rose on the date
no you want to know someone that I'm a
six foot six people think I'm trans
Logan Paul is 20 I'll get out of here
Trish said oh my god no it's brother
like what ignore me look we have now 22
Hannah's life just said 22 he's sick
fuck you though I don't care before May
25 that awkward and you're older but
these people kinda doesn't where I
didn't know he was that young yeah we're
like like gold passes Disney Channel we
like what are they even doing anymore
these days is fucked up like ant farm
and shit like witnesses is that what's
real people cartoon it's a it's real
people who's on a show guys I don't know
Disney Channel the traps right now P and
I love it ah ant farm with 2013 oh
you're out of date I am I feel thousand
was like five years ago
Callie it's too hot for Logan so nice
yeah he only looks like I know he's
blonde I think he's got a cute he didn't
started a new movie that valley girl oh
your favorite show your Disney Channel
show boom uh Lizzie McGuire duh I know
listening was above we wanted to keep
her favorite Disney original movie um
which prompts our mark house Oh mrs. Han
uh sorry like smart house
that movie I wanted a house what I love
we love the saponifier tonight what and
I was lucky away in Calais I loved a
motocross guys yeah well oh really
we were so weird remember because you
were trying to be CEO tower computer my
fake laptop do you remember like that I
didn't like it yeah with this Philippa
sister yeah we have my honeys oh what's
going pretend me Philip ah
Halloweentown you should be all cheer oh
yeah we lied to morning classroom I
thought you just thought that she was a
UH what do you think you were away oh
yeah I - I was with you membrane spell
book hey corny it's how do you know
Callie you should date drew
now we're from yeah I miss a restaurant
that on the DL
why are you gonna be really busy even
reviews bartender oh man Hayley looks
like idea
idina menzel ah that's a wicked wicked
witch thank you
I do look like a look at what ray oh but
what is he frozen and no okay yeah I'm
sure that's what you meant
he is it also soon Cali to detail oh so
did you get yours like ten thousand I'm
getting a heat I wasn't thinking a
Saturday and I had bad days area I'm on
fire tell you what about yourself but
it's going to be dissolved around here
I'm reading that and done this week but
she just she just put more in the middle
so watch on the top hockey thing see so
it'll be like I thought when he just got
it done yeah so they're just better if
she's gonna like shape it more to look
at my cool like oot n you guys
she always looks gorgeous when she's as
Lonnie around her eye brother autism
yeah literally don't have makeup on
right now no eyelash I do have my
extensions but no eye shadow or anything
sometimes I can't you need a basketball
player I mean no no no because um hey
you're so cheap
yeah you don't want to do happen on
famous people I know that like not all
of them view but there's too much
temptation out there for all of them do
I came here I'd tell you that just bang
someone says I County is so real I die
for her driving to humor great I'm super
dry people either get it or they don't
feel like you're weird I'm like what fun
he's the Kim Kardashian of her family I
guess su they're talking about no I'm
gonna kick your the Kim no I want my
athlete she married she was with Reggie
Bush and she was with Chris whatever
Humphries Vicki with your card after
your knowledge oh yeah definitely the
winner the honey is fine the biggest of
all of them Oh JA yours I came with a
bat transfer oh I
Akali was a sugar daddy no no no let's
get her out of that B's no I just can't
I don't really love the person and if I
don't like someone they know it I'm the
same way I did the same sorry not sorry
Otto Octavius
this is asinine I am always like we
don't talk anymore not cause of anything
but we huh she's Courtney I would say
I'm most like Courtney or eggs or Kai's
or not which one's the tall one Chloe no
the tall one is Chloe of the crappy
family Jenner Kendall
Holly's the lips Kendall's the model I
would
Cornell family theater or real thank you
be someone who loves Byrd she does
oh yeah this one guy that I was seeing I
brought him over I don't think I ever I
I wasn't seeing and we were just like
friends it was like I love me not huh he
was both but anyway we were sitting in
the living room a nothing tricks you
could fly and she flew on to him I'm
like oh then you can hit him again done
freaks out he then I like realize she's
a bird I was afraid I'd not have them
right away from me get it real I'm so
hungry to get some chicken someone says
okay keep quiet for the thousand bars
bang play one spot really
hi clay how do you see clay CLA with an
eye so you group them together clay I
climb null in space client claw I fly my
free time yes we are sisters I don't
know oh can I show you guys what I
painted oh my god this is the V sign
right here let's see okay hold on I
thought it's a day for you guys get a
repeat performance Thank You Carly Mars
thanks Carly G Kylie you know okay ready
do it can I pull I can flip it right
here she painted nose this is like the
redheaded stepchild though because I'm
like not in love with it but this online
I didn't I said I love it kitty says I
love it lovely
love it Wow how much Heyman record
prolly maybe tell you in smaller
yaoi artists oh that's so pretty my
confidence
cuz like sometimes oh my god nobody
wants to be my friends and I love art
please wait right section very crazy
show an se Cal I'll see about that you'd
like to do that someone wanted to and
this is what I look at every time that I
go to the bathroom
ah I grab from my toilet so good swap
the game of it that's what I want to
think of when um I love that time if you
go to Vegas all of us need our Vegas
again okay and all right after will do a
week-long Beijing and I didn't do this
but this is my favorite piece that I
have in my room oh yeah my sister can
find really good arts Alice I love that
sexual super sexual everything that I'm
not having any something that's so
pretty
I'm Kelly cheese chicken
oh my room the best but I'll show you
like my you're getting you got me a cow
right here and then that's my vanity
over there hmm my new path for you guys
money and the time that me and my sister
had fun we have aa sospiro someone said
MTV Cribs room door lol oh I see you
this isn't luc the bungee now as you can
see she getting literally in your face
in for an hour if you don't go home with
her oh my god honestly I really could
and this is my closet it's a mess right
now but it's watch em up they love that
room oh thank Mariah's MTV crib was all
I know so yeah we don't live from Rio we
didn't read was everything I don't like
the best flavors like that looks like
grandma's house sorry I wasn't asleep on
twin beds what I'm talking about
Mariah's crib someone said that Oh looks
like what if we're talking about now oh
my god I love my room is everything
thank you I've put a lot of work to it
you really gotta at least uh Cody poor
mom she I have her phone still and she
probably just wanted to play her game
before bed but nope is she in bed how
spicy that's what's a FaceTime her back
she in bed mister sweeping yeah she's in
bed oh and bad but that's fine um how
would one sister normal which one yeah
that's the toss-up here to remove
clothes of the Callie one I'm no Pacific
nation was closer to me but you know why
she hates when we play solitaire so what
else I do get sad I think I'm missing
out like FOMO doesn't mean I want to
move there I live with my mom I feel
like keeping her company is that was
considerate that's so awkward it's
actually like now that I'm like dating
and I'll match it's like okay so like
you like have a roommate Mike yeah yeah
say that happens could be my mom you
know what am i an ally I used to
remember our dating Mike life that I was
running up in time if I happen to bring
them they're like oh well let me come
over to your house and then I'm like
this is my roommate and then oh wait to
meet your mom and then this is we level
went away but when I was a Michael
identity statio for this happened was
one day Michael member I said it was
just you and me living there and then
he's like and mom was like be their hero
and your mom saying the night I was like
oh yeah he's sleeping over
yeah she's just ironically sleeping over
when you're coming over like and then
why you don't like people oh my god so
fun upon don't build a relationship
online I have to tell you about another
lie I thought my lately but I got a bad
lie over the weekend and I felt really
bad and I couldn't get out of it I got
caught up in a lie really really bad
tell you about it you suck at lying
defensive when you lie and then it makes
it more obvious what this was a
defensive like this wasn't even a
malicious lie it was a lie it's got
caught up it was a puffing it was
literally the stupid lie I don't mama it
was blaming the stupidest lie ever and I
got caught up and it was a really
awkward to get out of it I like this is
how am i I didn't sleep the whole night
it was bad but that's what happens I
have a lighter one time and I was
reminded why I don't lie anymore because
I fucking get caught in all my life
thank you because we do lie about but it
was it was something I can't hang on
here but it was something so you feel
like there was no point in the lie there
was zero point in it and I made um thank
you for the time I look at you she was a
chef Monica Dobson 94 dry what are you a
DJ right now yeah you should charge
often huh dj khaled
who oh well like I'll just spell it
different you know shoutout girl oh my
gosh sometimes this is albana she found
a bar someone says yeah I ran here Gigi
you do you guys have that same
personality I showed a picture of her to
someone and he was like holy fuck I'm
like I know right like words she is
forcing father's day and it like made me
teared up like pure of it's from her
movie oh my god why I believe entering
and like he's like tearing up like you
know it's honestly like I don't know
what a dad in the world like and I was
like my dad
yeah well except that's like an amazing
Dalek he's usually seen a movie she got
on youtuber I haven't whole thing I'm in
it you should watch it
I just watched train wreck and I know
you don't like Amy Schumer but I will
honestly funny you know the John Cena
characters we thought the hope in
glycerin all I could think about when he
was walking away is oh my god I can't
even look at his butt because of his tan
mark on his ass like mine is can't that
you don't like the butterfly right above
your butt crack and below your back oh
that's funny yeah well you're good not
real life are you kidding me jobs
everywhere look like that naked
I just don't know that's right you know
I guess all I know is I do the video as
someone said Senna is daddy is AF now I
like her sorry Trish talks and laugh
really loud that's who she is
mama Morocco and when we were in a
restaurant when we were going to write
out my mom would always tell me to keep
my voice sounds that I was a lot like
you need to be quiet
luckily not anymore oh my god okay I'll
tell a story about my dating life and
how there's so many F boys out there
okay oh I was dating this guy thanks
Deanna
what do you think Deanna's last name is
P P for nah know what you think it is
Jesse are what do you think Jesse R is
rubber yeah what do you say Rodriguez oh
okay what's that sanic rat with that one
okay so and I guess I could be a boys
holding if your boy - um I know I was
dating this guy and we have been dating
for like a month and you like totally
disappeared oh no I'm sorry I came
someone work like because I'm a
bartender
yes I don't want anybody to be like oh
you are black ha ha ha
it was a story I do approve I'm approved
for that anyways but if you do that well
you go girl
there you go it's not yet okay so
anyways I work late and I was like oh
you know if you're tired like just come
over like knives not a booty call at
this point because we had not done
anything and he's like I don't want to
ruin this so like you a lot blah blah
I'm like okay whatever so I was like you
know I'll come over and I went to his
house he's like it's unlost just help
yourself in and I'll be there in five
minutes I literally went over there
waited for an hour and he turned off his
phone you guys and I had no gas and it
was like 3 o'clock supporting Jade home
till 4:00 and mom was getting up for
work and she's like what what happened
and I was like bawling it's the worst
yeah then I never heard I never heard
from him after that really I don't know
no I said no I did I heard that from him
after that and then he tried to do it
again to me on the following Tuesday
someone's enough rude you should do like
the full story hand like that guy like
start with all the little weird things
to build up to it that's a good video
talking about the full side of it that
you should have Robin please no it was a
lot oh I can't even get it like
otherwise away well maybe the garage
door is unlocked and then like no bitch
is knocking in though oh my god I'm
asleep but well you don't even have to
be there summer thank you sweetly his
loss thanks guys my block is played okay
I think that's vandalism and like I love
rotting into the crowd we have in here
and has a kicking door down again Jesus
it looks like a little crazy you should
throw stone look at the display
burn it down while you're at it someone
was calling mom phones oh I might get ha
how do one you know like you and I get
on yourself
what I say was saying but you and Alex I
out Alex and Alex you know who Belet me
and I'll for you and Alex know someone's
like what you and Alex bye Alex I don't
know I'm reading the comments I didn't
see that one has to look at it again I
don't want to see him I love it
what was hauling give me a hand starts
with the deep right now
boy what oh the most breathing got it a
fish yeah do I think I should show them
yah oh yah now he's around forty human
oh my you you're what I'm a unicorn you
could be you signed up for it Kim W by
Halloween - this huh I get drunk ago I
do that all the time ever the head with
a rose a before this well with them
typical white girl I do have that I took
a shot at you that does not add too huh
what you're kind of breaking up boom
love you you're bringing out hello yeah
do you hear or why is this not working
we're losing you is it considering your
room the Wi-Fi isn't working here with
our either oh no it sounds okay but is
the Wi-Fi better out you mean it in and
out it where's your arm where's your pot
that was your in that box
I handed over the speaker is your hand
over the speaker no Callie and slicky
whoo go by Allen room I said just art
huh I don't know why I am glitchy whoo
thank you momenta back for the fact of
thousand bars when you move it does that
I'm staying put
huh I stayed put all right stay put
summer said ah same Callie Callie you
guys look so much alike why like I'm I
better not a little bit yeah you're a
positive Holt I don't know why are being
bitchy is your bitch I'm connected to
the Wi-Fi is your battery dying Summer
Sun hello where's your battery dying
hello nothing huh can you hear me oh
it's lucky are you in your room watching
Beckham limiter with those out better go
close to your outer box summer bed if
something right is something running in
your phone in the background no all
right it's okay now I think don't move
if you get you have someone called your
mom phone is the phone hot sometimes
once I figure it out for you
no oh I better no can I can I close the
Absalon I'm all that out you can do it
from your computer
what but it's not on is it so get on
from mom's account I don't know her
password
laughter now we can give her another
kind of a syllable cookie okay will you
still be on though because I know how
you are with say time you're like yeah I
asked on for a password that way you
keep power you can get on the computer
also be on will give you not on is that
point mass then I'm going to leave
okay okay okay okay okay
my sister everyone
and there's a long sack is hurting um
Alex pops - my name is Alex you two are
the best but but she was so into it she
was like over it Thank You Danielle for
the thousand bars I just got here hey
mother relations rooster she is she is
awesome I love her - that was so fun
she's she's so funny my sister is so can
you hear me - you know she is a wolf a
time and I like she'll play sorry
sometimes a I'm like a hey well I'm
going to go we're gonna sit there not
saying anything to each other um you
should space time some of us basin Thank
You Blanca for the 400 laws I love your
necklace thank you which one I agree on
a lot I'm sure wish mr. oh you mean my
adopted sister thank you you can Matt
for 500 bars but I really tired though I
mean I have been on here for an hour and
47 minutes it's crazy
long Wanda we call it um
whose time change they have a lot work
supporting students especially new or
abusive found the bar Thank You Nora
what are you tonight rush well and on
the entire now I ate Barca my sister has
some Rose a new goes go to sleep um
we'll see you when is a broadcast that
were mystified come back on
I should have common mom Jason wants you
to be spent in once talk so funny
who's did you up to garage story once we
get past the pants off our and I've had
enough to drink than me well pellet
you're never in video shames yes you
have these know I love Rylan he's very
sweet
we all know um a Joey not too long ago
my grand on Joey's birthday rounds I see
um he was due for you according Oh
biggest ally all I love Kelly it's you
and your girl tell her for so long
you look hot hit up him would you did
this video like write them know and I'm
sorry not to throw shade but like
dresses like not a good rapper well like
she smokes dude like he's not supposed
to be a better rapper like people think
he's like but like I miss play he's in
the heart
um hope great I am as I just you're so
confused by it all on like my um I
finally met your last dream welcome he
is good though what ah
I don't have the patient evite always
like I good why is my name s I love my
sister no wanting it off sick you're
gonna leave hopefully she'll figure it
out she's smart girl she'll real - um
are you still dating girls to set me up
growl what do you look like that I'm so
down girls - musical sketches boys Oh
Megan let's stop the second of our I
think you make a mess up I heard there's
broken my backing 11 in the first hour
of the show we are now into almost our
third hour of the show wait you're not a
singer either bitch that's nice
um
see if she's okay um have you tried to
match that I'm better friend said that I
do not smell supple I look I did not had
good luck on to match I wanted day I do
have good luck I didn't really like the
caliber of men on there I like to tinder
run I don't want to get on I personally
like tinder um I'm gonna pace is still
on here but I'm just my sister Susan see
um Shirin I know how to come back into
the next step Thank You oh that stuff
isn't on the bar don't date that guy
should Creasy which guy the tinder guy
because I have a follow-up to that film
today I filmed the conclusion of that
it's very creepy
um call her and help she has lost a
penis to me different her so many
different bushes and go by her last name
online um see real quick oh I didn't eat
that much night and I kind of fill wall
wha-oh
have you ever met as a fan - no and most
people actually don't know the girls no
more so they have accessible skies and
rolls the girls know more so thank you
Ron I'm Lisa found the bar but the guys
don't typically know um don't know cuz
you know what I mean they don't really
give a not only cater for guys like
honestly and everything like companies
of after I demographics like it's always
it's more female which I love I think is
awesome but like you don't even sound
like a lot of guys don't know which
actually makes dating a little um I
guess better well I didn't like I said I
used to do event and so we talked about
that one check I want our date with and
she knew what was so I'm not not only
integral only niala t I'm really picky
when it comes to the
that I date and see like I am very picky
can we be friends can we find the fun
friends of Traum girls whatever you hear
you ever need to do what's right for
females island I like voluptuous I like
long hair I like the lipstick lesbian I
get that turn with you I like long hair
I like girly girls I did go out with a
quickie like Glen's Mian and a pen enjoy
them it's so much less penises in here
wouldn't be I'm text my sister
Satine did you have your first kiss out
old Thank You Taylor Rose for 500 bars
she's turning so hard queen who's
trending yeah it gives my instead
request so it's my copier going when I
actually came out of it
also you'll see it in the blog I'm I'm
mad at my blog spurt that was today for
tomorrow
Kayla took 500 bars thank you so much
Michael limit how long can move on there
so it has been off you're like so
fucking long I competed you the callee
screenshot that's the excuse ma'am oh
yeah
what I'm getting upset with you she I
think um oh my sister are you on I okay
whoa okay
she's changed outfit vicious Elena's
guest someone say again how you getting
the gas because I know you explain to my
mom if she can figure out my sister
again if she's filling in the gasless
bitch
the smiley face on the video camera Cal
she hung up on me go eisah piece o web
she's oh please I know a little bit
where are you I'm in a few place only
you're not if you're not though like
you're not this year the smiley face are
saying go P Chelsea Elizabeth since 2004
it's one thing I'm strong she's gonna
take over for me for a second
ok now let's see you still I am the gas
Thank You Chelsea Elizabeth with a fire
of some bars
tell her type in the chat then you can
click her name telling his check times
the chat that you can click on her name
Callie type in the chat the know so my
mom knows how to a live in my sister
does not very scared me because it's
true she leaves the technologically
advanced one don't see her how low are
you getting that high I was we're
doesn't let me guess
Callie did you accept the videos that
means it doesn't let me guess I saw
where it was it's so annoying just get
in here if I can Opie favorite day was
her own season season once Khal Drogo's
on it alright I think that worked
oh my god that was so stupid
ah my mom doesn't know the password to
anything then bharden Judas I was making
my own but then I forgot my passport her
to something
someone was very excited you accepted
them on Instagram they like your sister
accepted me god this is my night my
sleeping outfit now let me say no pants
no problem
that's your motto alright can you take
over for five minutes I got or tumors I
got a piece it okay yeah go we have me
some entertained okay okay go ah yeah
this is actually a sleeping dress I like
to sleep in frigging dresses and yes I
will add you whoever just said that
sorry I can with all that's such you
guys asked some random questions its I
suck at it though because I I don't blow
out when I was oh I suck air in I don't
know why ah what's the life I don't know
how it is having her my sister I've
always had her as my sister although she
did like blame me for spilling something
and I had to clean it up when I was a
little girl so that wasn't great uh-huh
yeah everyone oh shit
how much cardio do I do I don't do
enough I actually have been slacking on
the working out because I've been
working so much and then it just got
back from Arizona so I've just been all
over and so I've been doing trying to do
catch-up work but this is all my natural
hair no extensions thank you it was
given to me have I ever bought a Birkin
no if I had enough money to buy a Birkin
I would not be working conversation I
really learned questions when I was
supposed to do I keep it go I'm gonna go
get a little snack I'm gonna get nothing
right back I'm gonna snap right back oh
my god this bitch over here like she
always yells at me when I leave on
FaceTime but what do you think of your
sister and Jason
and by Jason I think you're talking
about Momoa and I think she's nuts
because yeah they're talking about that
guys on Instagram Jason - Jason you
remember I had me follow my eye all
right how do you look em up on Instagram
you're like the person that comes up
with Jason Momoa I mean you don't even
know each other so well that goes with
anything like if anyone's nice to my
sister in my family and like they are
happy then I'm happy really be happiness
o ulama you know you were you were
dogging me and Jason Momoa relationship
though I'm two seconds ago
hey so what happened so creepy one of my
lights just went out all right so I get
my sad go get your sad what are you
gonna get for a snack break breakup
advice huh
and eat that's good for today workout is
the best policies no he said someone
asked breakup advice and I said drink
and eat true what snack really good I
get in veggie chance barbeque did my
chip thing I got veggie chips wherever
you chips are jalapeno chips oh my god
in the light just went back on I'm so
creeped out veggie chips okay I have
honey bunches of oats do you have money
bunches of oats in there
granola oh yeah for my crazy over in the
morning with my berries I'll type it in
all kinds of my whatever it's called my
Instagram
why does I like doing that it's freaking
me out I was trying to talk to you
maybe he'll date me since no one else
wants to go
yeah I'll be like you know point oh they
fight on base you either
sad to think about wow we're unbeatable
people or maybe it's not that maybe it's
me oh yeah more like me
Wow either 20 protein bar whoa someone
go you know your part of me is like yeah
like you should be healthy and you
should and like but at the end of the
day like if evening makes you happy then
go with that fun - yeah that's the
reason why I feeling way too bad miss
Alice I'm on the same way yeah you don't
have to eat the whole thing just how you
know oh no I'm not saying yeah this is
the thing about my sister like you say
one thing and she like can find the
offense in it you're not part of it know
you'll know when I'm being I know you
are offensive
no I'm trying not to be so good purely
fun sweet black tea is amazing you guys
this skinny Mars is just so good no my
sick drinking I was drinking earlier on
hearing this guy it's my name
oh yah oh yah ha yeah exciting but I
have to go get cheats so be it cheat
sheets for your bed private no for my
bed oh she wasn't thing ahem that I know
I was kidding I liked in I wasn't mess
around my says the flu our relationship
how did what's your favorite cocktail to
drink dirty martini with Stoli and blue
cheese oh no bad the best fucking
cocktail with that pump I had a green
circle cocktail or to decide I was like
oh my god we have to go we're here come
over here and we need to go to pump it
is so fucking good
you look like ariana grande with that
hearsay I don't love it
you forgot your salt or you think that
oh I love it I wear my hair like that
sometimes
thank you I cry
I just I like dressing up is fun sorry
not sorry
yeah whatever oh this i met that would
look like Johnson I was gonna do a
picture of and oh okay no I'm at a job
smells like i'm cinda wait I'm gonna
show you a picture he looks just like
fucking drunk now and I told him Maddy's
like I get that all the time
I'll understand you probably find this
thing don't show it on you know my see
your sister is glassy-eyed it's cuz I
have a glass eye you rude old I'm just
kidding well you don't have a glass of a
darn glad you can have a glass eye yes
you can when you go I know that I just
wanted to be oh my god what so familiar
wait look here's enough I want to see
what product but he looks so familiar
wait like you know him almost was that
mean where'd you meet him the way why do
you know him he look so familiar but I
see a lot of faces too at work so I
don't maybe I do
I remember crazy I'm thinking oh my gosh
no you know it doesn't look like I'm the
one that told you about the show and all
the hot guys in it but you would you
know what you know the name he was like
no I know what he looks like
yes well uh yeah he does but that's not
who I think you look like do you think
you know and then can you believe that
treasure does nothing John is hot Jon
Snow
first of all I do now this oh how funny
why did he wipe on him I'm dinner shook
what does that mean what is like the
newest I Kip word yep no you were
telling me one the other way
the other day Artie wasted oh hey I know
I'm not huh
you armed I'm not no but what was the
other word that you're trying to say and
I'm like what does that even mean what I
remember I can't keep up but I know what
that means
I'm let air day yeah it was like
something that had nothing to do with
the meaning remember or maybe it wasn't
even you that was telling me rap or not
so Oh salty now I know what salty means
God you a doll you're not on the like
word oh um Hana Hana I don't know Hana
is Hana waking I'm German and Swiss
sweat I know what fire is I know
acquirers now he is the one this yeah no
extra no I know what that means
Loki no finesse but what does finesse
mean because that Kendrick Lamar song
has it in there but I think that's a I
know what Finn is like you're about to
do something like um I'm gonna do that
it'll do this yeah yeah what's your age
difference we're live here is a okay g5
you're not up to 33 what is the best
childhood memory you have with your
sister are you talking right now
yeah can you not hear me yours ideas
your internet down no I know it savage
it summer so what's your favorite
childhood memories yeah your would hook
up with you
your are delayed bloom Kali spit been
having again with it haha
I know are you on your phone or computer
hello Sally Sally are you under phone
are you on your phone if you want to
fine you can use you under severe George
I think she was doing so hello mom it is
are you from yeah you can your computer
are you on your phone
hey are you on your phone
oh you're on your phone I'm gonna color
which I think I'm like yours are saying
that comments were blowing up her phone
which signs up with this war but I
thought I'd go on the computer do it
technical difficulties I know right
hello hi hey do it on your computer
because I think that the cons are
slowing down your phone I know but I
don't know want password
how'd you get on from the bone because
she's connected to our Twitter on her
phone you try telling our usual
backwards yes oh my god can you just
like pick one and stick to it please I
know I think it's slowing down the chat
or I think this chat is going down your
phone now quite a choppy and I have to
remember my Instagram password well a
pretty dish make out Facebook real quick
I do it like super forgiving Facebook
you can join no I'm getting my getting
my own Instagram one so is that just
make your own and one thing just make
your own which is yes okay
calm okay all right that's me when
you're ready send everyone okay love you
technical difficulties is this like a
long as you now how long we've been on
for literally 30 2011 in here we have
been on two hours it goes through the
ticke telethon double step so you don't
have double chips you know just slightly
fold it over event if you will all your
freaky Apple thank you
for my comment engineer hi Meg we're
going to their buddy trip I'm so funny
my sister about to meet a snog like
where she does when you're breathing say
I didn't record it yeah I'm late
what's to see Quinta this woman
maybe just seems like lights noodle
chips Margaery Tyrell I let's wrap that
I really like for wedding look and I
really want to recreate that herring
that down mmm it's like a coffee in
these icy taste Basma coffee and earlier
and ice with nice unit Oh odd taste but
mad at it um what time is it over there
is a sort of a file I started this one
seriously flogged that's why I do I
choose no no thank the load my sister
guest district or guess guessed it
that's it um what color is parts of
Caribbean by Laura I didn't get ready
with me a short stay I'm going to vlog
this monumental everything plus get
ready let's see finally get ready with
me if it's going to be part of my vlogs
from today percent really well that much
but my blogging panel you guys don't
know it's Christians life who doesn't
anyone where II would you say station
wool this is better than the date you
may have I agree a hundred percent I
feel good I feel hydrated a bit just in
so many would you something this is flat
did I happen to spin on the video it is
no phony ohm make ramen for dinner
myself cheese you're still on I know by
jumping on a lozenge or debar broadcast
I feel like that youtubers making less
money on husband effect
you cost money but you know I have other
venues and money ins just got on with it
Drago or John Snow definitely Drago but
I do love Jon Snow
definitely and let's see if my sister is
back on in the guests nope
she ain't your second necklace this is a
Tiffany's necklace sign up from my music
video director Andrew a Valentine you
just had a birthday recently and you got
we just took these necklace this is from
my song in junior high name and let's
put some something special for my
birthday
other than police ingenuity with arms
woman uh thirsty probably she's a fuckin
evil bitch specifics and I love it um
are you gonna post on YouTube yeah I'm
going to reply blog this is like a
second starting firing new plays new
boobs
sorry what does my movies that's up here
buddy boy wanna come on I was like come
down I was I think we guys down took in
the boobs because I keep sputtering for
me um oh my god I really want again one
just leave UI a I Jenny you're basically
the real-life Khaleesi thank you
I love Daenerys Targaryen no tennis or
born has a House Targaryen and blood
them what does she blood up was sheets
before that Larry a lot of Larry I
watched that Peter King who was on
Stratton ran to you JC smaller incisions
no Jason Momoa later suppression FEMA
throne ever hear of insisted you have
any fit yes up connect no I don't
honestly an all Syrians that that would
be a hard at difficult um maybe it Berra
P are you a consolation yep we're going
ever you know we'll never have breakup
never had a home or a lover's spat
favorite song at the moment let me see
what's on the edges lately because why
not do a little ball does my huh I'm
going to the bodies that's where my most
recently play days um cake by the ocean
which is an old a song but I love it duh
MC Oh things will be okay by the ocean
Joey Graceffa don't wait which is how
the holes on violets right so wait the
world to see you sandy oh my god and
change office on came on my couple your
day so I'm sorry I'm fuck up
yeah can't do nothing right I'm sorry
I'm a fuckup
yeah it ain't no one above mine I'm
sorry I'm a fuckup it's all Singh oops
not bad I never said you could just
Harriette Game of Thrones happy sorry
Anna I would be at anyone's karaoke
razones I have the outfit hmm you guys
need to see a sneak peak of my Khaleesi
outfit Jia let me show you
here are just a little sneak peek this
is her dress Rafi this is still the
cracky but it'll keep getting a little
more dragony inspired do real of what do
I think
are you okay not really mm not really
do it right yes that is amazing
oh I'm gonna have a full outfit I'm
doing a video Friday Game of Thrones and
then I have to shoot on Saturday game
with Rome
um if you guys missed the beginning or I
want to know anything I'm going to
repost this on my I thought this channel
reasons watching absolutely oh my god
gonna raise this year
are you Sonia now but I'm on for two
hours three minutes miss you're supposed
to come back when we see if she's coming
back or not
gosh I'm she's watching
boom dead I never said I hope she she's
being close with you so far
if it's been on for 2 and 1/2 hours over
here there's a second yeah cancer
nothing very I'm sorry in the sukkah
it's our answer is your Game of Thrones
question you and healthy probably them
this is better answer where'd she go
I'm giving her and so I hit 2 hours and
30 minutes of 10 minutes I guess he'll
sing
are you a good thing room
Thank You Shani for the message love you
always support - used to be thank you
what happened with flash I film the
conclusion to flash tinder fuck boy
today go up on Wednesday Stanford Game
of Thrones character Khaleesi Drago
Joffrey and criterion all of them love
the show and cuz you got you drunk found
out is that as weird all the fun let me
detector today are you I have to know
looking through Adobe I had to do that
soon I love the registry more to be
alright I was like oh my welcome back
come back down interested you're
cheating on you probably with a wine or
cocktail commute he's nervous yeah okay
here again next year I don't know I
never got into a music that has nothing
to do with her out all or where she
looks or the way she like for themselves
but why me like so I was forced for the
where I knew felt rush tomorrow
have you seen Hamilton live um kind of
and that's really a complicated
complicated story that was Heidi a whole
lot of my sister
because comes up popcorn hello oh why
don't we Flash Player what what a
browser i wan i new Google Chrome I only
as far as going to work okay okay I'm
giving you tell jars and thirty minutes
is up some message eight minutes so make
its two and half hour and I'm going off
oh so you better figure it out
so was that literally endo we take you
minutes to download I know but I don't
know what to take along so you did you
get on Google Chrome yes okay oh my god
okay oh no way
okay I'm downloading the Flash Player
installation will begin shortly
because if someone you give me so much
pressure right now
well I don can have our and I am and
makes one you know we're also possibly
the heart with me the necklace our
someone's everyone to the hashtag save
calories I love that the downloaded or
what yes six minutes or you will be
terminated
Oh hashtag face analysis another one
half a say can I have a say exactly see
they want to you
okay so I'm finishing it and now it hops
up again so we got calm okay
dark now for free wait
no step 3 communicate beautifully in
minute I don't know about me but our
status Romi we are number one on girls
is very exciting
hi new Zell and make her die hard to
them I feel like I don't know which like
wire to cut okay well you know five
minutes in here I gotta go
so yeah I crazy like figure daughter I
don't know crazy I mean are you like I
mean can you not figure it out I don't
know Sam I can't figure it out I'm
loving it now today some of the best
kind of research a sorry specific
specific I wasn't trying to be my bed I
can't I have to do the live show that's
right
fortunes bully i unblock it like I said
you're giving me a time limit like it
just well I'm gonna be a time where I'm
just run around trying that show I'm
like yeah I can see everybody commenting
Oh awesome make sure that she left Adobe
open automatically it will be hurt in
her chrome preferences save John Snow
you're getting set up by Iran's if
they're over and it's probably true
today I'm having is my play then the
Advanced Settings someone says Stephanie
dances with that
Wow Kelly you got this is not that hard
thank you haha you're making them so
difficult to secure I lock icon loss of
URL well nice to be in my live show to
be accepted I am you're gonna say you're
here what do you wonder mom's new year
over there
hello oh look who finally made why don't
you guard but I can't see you I know we
need that yeah my music okay you're dark
why are you so dark I can't see me okay
when we were to let me try it one more
time
no I can't eat now it's fine it's not
you it's me no I was you have a second
home run job here we connect you ready
hello hey Cal you gotta get back in if
you can hear me I know
there she is
this is connecting your lists are just
wow Pacey's yay that was my wife Sally
so Laney actually turned on quick oh my
god some Road daily life in their group
we look very dark oh my god I'm on my
computer like I'll just have awkward
angle for me do you want a flashlight on
my face what do you want me to yes let's
do it
how are you all right OH - oh my god my
name just a model um I'm party Gallup
guess is better how are you like it's
been a minute
oh wow that was stressful
you're telling me so I still can't see
myself but I just opened up the photo
booths because honestly I don't even
look at you when I'm on here and looking
at myself where do you see me no but I
just want to talk to you so Oh fun it is
I can see you just kidding
why were you hired they will see me or
what what am i doing - using flicking me
off no oh did you Lana
she used to restart - brought some adult
Adobe's updated it shows you both oh my
god but then turns gonna get frustrated
and leave no I anyways they're like um
do you want to do it or no it's gonna be
fun as you can see need up to a point of
this oh my god okay then I'm going to
try this one more time okay bye bye
um - come like ow ow but really suck
shit um we can see both of you I know I
could see her and guess it was on her
and I feel like it's weird um no okay
no I didn't okay all right arms and I
never come out this rural room
I know does she have a lip son - yes my
sister um this is giving me in front of
I don't want to get like all dark and
like spooky I'm like I need a blog I've
been on here so long um no if I was
dating Kelly tell guys your own you now
long ago she probably well how
anticlimactic isn't it um um - she
wanted really personal and I just draw a
while so my eyes are just being tired
and stuff but probably I just get
frustrated I'm ik hungry or tired I mean
I love this though let's keep specific
Tyler
my poor sister super that's a lot on me
favorite youtubers videos to film uh
ever since mom's I love to wake up with
new things I've been doing lately um
this is all her I've actually never done
was dissolved so I guess we're going to
find out together how was typical head
number one simple head are usually see
when sister gets back on the guest name
I can't foretell let me know if she does
um thanks for all the heart and Chloe I
appreciate it what are you drinking eyes
damaging your long runs it go pee again
soon loves the necklaces damn ask you
something about anxiety earth oh yeah I
know this week wish you a lot I was
hoping doesn't sound with it
weirdest sexual experience
I mean like wanted me to puke on the
little penis in the shower anymore drugs
for your question I agree send me all
the draw rows
you made your food alright yes I as an
automatic assign guide I need a blob
woman to come back on robot I've been on
here two and a half hours so as a long
for the time to do a broadcast turn for
the next Bachelorette all agency let's
do it
how does a second-- lips app go I
haven't done it yet clearing the clear
whoever's using works yes I have fun
although over there out the other my
backs are spreading we Valentine a
better man you're probably right about
that you can see back in Britt I took
one already weapon even though I'm
pretty soon have you ever won two dates
change for sometimes no yes I don't even
see her anymore I didn't want to at one
point when I first met him he's just a
really good guy so I think sometimes
when I feel like write some really nice
to me and they're really good to me
sometimes I mistake that for like a
romantic theme and I just realized like
we are literally well not literally but
were you know brother-sister level where
it's like it wasn't like the in love
where we interesting it was like I love
it with all my heart since he's just
such a good person to me do you need
roads hot I think he's extremely
attractive extremely hot and that was
even before I knew his personality I saw
him that's been in the not cool like I
went to a screening and not full before
was even out and drew in there useless
come down but he wasn't and I just I
remember the news so hot and all that's
what my friend like I'm good friends
really if I used to like an actor what
was a meet was going help like I didn't
have to get called tears read on their
own she was that she was she was she was
a few days and I defend that drug ask me
was all over each others on each other
making out
sitting on each other shooting on his
lap the entire time my sister researcher
local zero a while
so happens your things visit I am Jill
how Chandra he did great yeah we talked
today he's just a great wonderful man um
imitation back um I'll she just close
rather not read rifle thing I'm sorry
yeah um how come we are you not so much
succeeding stuff but I have no life I
haven't been I haven't been doing a
whole lot lately I've been taking a
break on purpose from like doing other
shop he's still dating your couple no we
didn't have falling out but we fell out
that's my sister now listen you're on
Zika Sean will ask that X I my mom guess
what if he is here is that my mom my
sister oh it's my sister could I see her
face in her look yes mom why are you mom
now this is me
kidding hey I can't even be frustrated I
just laugh
this is my life anymore don't want to
talk to my scooty missus I suppose
Natalie took 50 bars of that though
she'll say she is closing this is you
right now Sally I don't know you can see
us but this is not my / - come on here
video with you oh I don't see your
connection fine Christmas cakes and
muffins OTS fifty fifty pence so -
seductive blue claw bond as a sign you
and Bruce Callie my forces yeah what
about having around here I should
probably get going anyways it has been
we'll try one more time
can't Sam much longer with my eyes I'm
like either going to try again
I'm gonna try again I know what your
thing is
but mom needs with stupid technology I
honor see on your ear I don't know why
you're having a difficult time with it
you're usually good at this kind of
stuff if dopey won't update for some
reason it's like all make sure it's like
blobs on your browser and then restart
your browser and then well I guess
you're a you an hour has started and
then tonight it is yeah it's my you now
career has been ended abruptly before it
even began you look beautiful that I'm
very sad I'm having so much fun I know I
really did ours will be on different
other twenty minutes since we've done so
I was pretty much just to have clean
three hours then we can call it a night
I can say I knew how great a laugh if it
doesn't laughter my sister and I'll be
the fucking laughing and standing over
here okay
we're number one
also epic sighting it's working everyone
said okay it's working right now I know
but let's not blow up the comments
because I mean blow up blow em up yeah I
was mine so I get disconnected it just
wasn't meant to be
ah no you know but my shit doesn't work
you just you figure out how you get on
your computer I just do it on my phone
but I'd like to
yeah but the phone thing happening yeah
are you a month on yeah she sees me yeah
because I had to charge it before I put
it back in her room because then her
alarm won't go off and then my fault
I'd say I drowned her so longer than
like getting crispy I mean ever like
blot my shit my eyes are getting dry
come on I got my sausage and I love it
it's so much fun when I went to like
Carson staring at the screen three hours
rate but I loved it
I'm doing the like the quasi I am I
can't
that just will get too much over your
drink you drink no I have a full drink
still oh did you refresh that drink no I
did not I'm listening thank you for the
life sounds Andrea misses would keep
asking the same question Alexandria
Hendrix we're just going to give you
lost names little another fun game okay
when they pop up was visible as like
that so cool
Callie what did you think of Sean system
receives asking a question I know I
thought he was nice but I'm always going
to take my system my family side even if
they're in the wrong but you didn't know
towards the end you saw a different side
you thought and liked it yes but
well I think I just need to go out there
cuz I wanna kinda crazy one but you know
how I mean I I've meet church I was with
him all the time so I only was I only
met him like a handful of times but I
don't know time see I don't get ah like
I said if my family first you know and
like ever even someone is like trying to
say anything about my family or like my
how like my parents brought me up I'm
like I want to stop you right now it's
like well no you get like I will shoot
you down you're always going to be wrong
and that's how it needs to be I agree I
don't know how a relationship should be
that person strongly behind your back
like that you know yes and they need to
also know like what battles to like
fight for you though to like I'm a big
girl I can find my own battles and like
don't intervene in any kind of family
drama
well yeah but you only know they can
just do whatever you tell them like but
I thought with you I decided you against
Alice on one thing but um my sister
don't fucking come for her right well I
need you that was your friends to like I
could talk to my sister this way but you
can't sell back my factory family always
first
so 38k viewers you've had 30,000 people
in here over the course of these two and
a half hours oh my gosh I wonder one
year thanks Tori Jensen even though we
couldn't test your last name your name
applause I'm Kendall with no initial so
we can't come up with her name I know
you have the initial Oh Iggy Azalea
without the is what I usually am
favorite thing a body hunter ah my
favorite thing about my sister is that
even though no that's back in a couple
bit nice even though like she gets crazy
sometimes she does have a really good
and I feel like a lot of the time what
people see on YouTube that's not the
real Trisha and no Monsta 2 is the same
thing I have a lot of problems I know
this but I always did I said there's one
thing I know unless I know I'm not that
person like I truly want everyone to be
happy and I'm a good person I don't want
one to be sad
I mean honestly she just films herself
crying on the floor like everybody does
it you know I thought all the time in
real life I did not know but I'm that's
what I just said I said just because she
filmed herself crying ah all haven't
done it before my sister's best cry
around I thought I'd like to look in the
mirror when I crimeless oh you so savage
definitely I just suppose you find her
up
look at that ugly cry I am you just have
that knit that one here that just like
I'm like oh no just yet you know
courteous no he's Chris Brown back to as
I should load a file or she posted his
meme watch to show you of me with my
crying face look at that
Karrueche
and it had twenty four thousand likes in
two thousand comments and like oh my Kim
Kim had a really ugly crying face - its
I shouldn't Egon I've never seen her so
famous oh no I haven't seen it
I'll show you Chrissy Teigen cry Oh
Sarah yeah pear is not cute they are
what their fair Farrah Abraham okay
fasten helps users I feel like you've
got my Zenith mean that's not her crying
that's like I'm so bored
no I'm not Arthur crying for John
Legend's a Golden Globe speech all Dutch
are crying about you
you know what owned it on your crying
face I feel like everyone should post a
crying photo actually where's your
remember I don't cry ha ha ha ha ha ha
liar Shawny 6970 gave us 500 bars time 3
thanks Shawnee Shawnee was I go w
Shawnee know Shawnee is on him it's not
Tony it's Shawnee
Santa oh yeah Shawn shop
I missed the names with the initials I
like playing that game yeah where's the
initial people at thank you for the
heart hands hand H Maddy viaggio city
like who was older causa by 10 years
Callie whitewalls oh my blog word up
sometimes you remind her a sassy
straighter Stassi is from Vanderpump
rules me yeah
is she free I don't like her I feel like
she's just as an instigator
I'm gonna look her up he was he okay she
see I feel like she was talking about
you I just say she wasn't pretty I just
said that she's an instigator oh she's
not thank you oh well oh they're talking
about you oh no I like scheana Shay that
it's the same it's the same show type in
scheana Shay
honey saw seh GNA seh equate na
Christina sees what's their last name is
Lee that's key Kathy got our subpoena
Christy okay
Catalina our Catalina Romero Kirsten did
Kristen date Kirsten I'm sorry Kirsten d
you guys
we love Rihanna so stupid
are you straight Ali I am straight yes
mm-hmm
as I'd straight like hetero or straight
into my sober sound Larry Tucker on him
next to a sheet I don't know her was who
I love you so much and bridesmaid Callie
how was light for you that just got real
you know thanks for looking up for me a
30 someone's I can't sing us a song are
you - names because you guys are gettin
through my god okay say frisky Callie so
I want something freaky freaky I want to
see the hot and now yeah dog warmer at
sundown think I shouldn't song yeah here
we said I do that time we have no life
sorry our is he kidding me Brendan grams
and now he has just never dated someone
you don't get along with yes who I can't
say it out loud who famous person ate
first letter M oh one starter and I said
you better watch how you talk to me
buddy but he did nothing buddy I should
have thought I was fighting with people
is dating Michael lol through I don't
fight with people you day I think you
Anna
right no you got up more of them like I
got upset but you got more upset
well other than you I know I appreciate
that
oh I'm fine happy birthday I don't see
your first name but happy 21st birthday
Oh Victoria see you can applaud Victoria
Krupke
Victoria chase Klaus is that Santa
Clauses no that could be a real last
name Claus thanks for the applause
maximum 177 I live by the wall I'm a
little Mia
Oh romantic honors this is like oh I
don't think I'm not you rest you fallen
now what's the work that yoga class
experience design is experience Aquarius
take them Santa Susana Susana
Susana it's about the cities I really
stumping me Isabella tannery
Cameron your first names yeah what's
oppressing you Callie Randy Rogers what
it won't be part of you Oh everything
Carly eh not you you don't you don't
depress me
Carly Carly Alexander Alexander yeah
that's better yeah let's that flows
better yeah I like that some very
designer name I don't know that's a
tough question
next I don't know what to presses me
everything like she said why you hate
worry
you know what fun fact aquarius's and
horses don't get along and two of my
exes for Torrance's and to Amaya who
were aquarius's and my sister is a toy
and that's why we're always butting
heads oh my sister is an Aquarius as
Leos I don't really get along with and
my mom is a Leo and we always Butthead
Leo's are crazy like yeah Leo might be
the worse actually I agree with that I
didn't say the worst tort it goes
tourists then Leo okay my vampirism Leo
the road okay what does everybody think
Taurus or Leo Taurus or Aquarius let's
see who's the worst you have to put in a
comment is the words tourists for
Aquarius is the worst or is our query at
yeah I'm honest
crying for Taurus Taurus Taurus Taurus
Aquarius Aquarius is the word it's free
even okay Taurus is like they're the
bull so they're like what do they call
that hmmm heavy-headed but like blood is
full what and I'll get the thing is yeah
they're like super stubborn while barn
closes Oh horns headstrong they're
hot-headed yeah thank you
everybody that's as tourists pride
contain EXO - seems a little blunt from
I see pride everyone Carlos Gonzales oh
you just came without the top of your
tip of your tongue I know what's wrong
with Leo's they're crazy
mmm another actor possessive that's the
problem which are Leos when your last
and Leo bones last night one of them was
the one who live you live with Julia no
you was a tourist
Oh badly a divorce that's a horse he was
awful um but every tourist that I come
in contact with as a little boy here we
go
he doesn't I had a great heart zone
yeah well you're also my sister so it
submitted I can be very wrong can you
can like magma sauce rid of you ever huh
I can never get rid of you not true
yeah we can choose here let me tell them
yeah but didn't you see my Instagram
quote that's like my diet right there
your answer you can't choose your family
but if I would if I could I would choose
them uh yeah how would I know what we
are we're good and weird a little Sam
Sam sorry no even further though so it
could do the Chinese year too so if you
guys are like really off on your sign
and your Chinese ear then too big you
know my Chinese your animal is a monkey
Oh fucking dragon bench yeah fucking
dragon if that's not a sign I don't know
what the fuck is I'm a great city I'm
the year of the rooster yah the year of
the cock yes but this is my year this is
the year of the cock so I masa hear of
your loss
last year was definitely not the year of
my life
mmm that was a bad bad year no
experiences of Scorpios there's a Kurd
taco you see you a Scorpio because
they're really they're really like sex
craves oh yeah like I'm we're all sexual
beings alike at the same time no I like
it okay but when I don't like leave me
alone I got a tummy oh you are so funny
Pisces everyone philipose debating
everyone's really hateful towards
there's be certain signs that people
that are saying that if we really
believe in this shit this is so much how
you hit every sign yes you know I get
along with yes
Pisces no I get along with Pisces indeed
I want to in fact Sean even broke it
down so she like really believes in this
shit he's like oh oh you're all air so
like that's why you don't like this and
you were boring and like the moon seyoon
and I'm like I wish for the hour
what were you you were Aquarius and what
else you remember I don't I don't know
well I was on the cusp I'm not on the
cusp of Capricorn so I'm like a day
after Capricorn the cutoff so I got a
little captain me I have a prayer to me
I'm Taurus Aquarius cancer or my
emotions are Aquarius that's why me and
Shawn we're really like that along
we're both Aquarius most designs what
was he Aquarius today before yours see
this is what I think I think Aquarius
and horses are like just attracted to
each other but then they're like
volatile when they get bad Ramon
yeah they break up they get together and
they break up and they get together well
that is a fire at a revelation because
that's how it I was like a revelation
this is not like a feminie like it is an
epiphany and alert you know where we
Ichigo is I know for the cobwebs on
Instagram museum the Museum of ice cream
have you seen people posting about it no
it has like the coolest photo op I see
you guys where is a medium of ice cream
I think it's on Wilshire right here I've
done art gallery ways artists Church
they have these really cool art
installations it's like them giant
screaming G go on and just sprinkle pool
yes still Rose no so that reason is oh
it's Oh Venice
oh isn't that someone said Venice now I
want to go to its really cool if you
thought you would like be excited about
it I know doesn't sound that cool little
you're sorry fight about it I just show
you that someone that I went on a date
with called me and I was like yeah I
can't talk right now while trying to
figure out this stupid you nothing
because it I know the priorities are
fairly it's definitely priori who called
giving him the names of your family see
what would you have the ones that went
away with something
Katie recall Katie McCarthy um I saw him
this weekend
I don't know who you want I knew you
know who saw us again mom told me saying
oh yeah Callie when we have a okay good
fishing honey I know who it is I just
don't know what is you know probably I
would you like it's not hearing it I
don't talk about him why talk about
someone it's like you're not like
various probably you with family and
friends you just all because then it's
just used against you later this is how
this family works okay
that's what we do when we love it no
more I break the cycle people breaking
the cycle rag in the playa larga luffy
is like that i'm a girl huh you should
not be going out I know you know what
she's not even gonna go out she's just
saying that she's gonna go out she's
gonna take off her makeup and getting
here I'll protect them well it off by
just a few people see a many ones down a
hang I don't have to get up tomorrow
early for anything but if not yes I will
probably be doing that maybe you need to
go out
see they won't we won't go out Trish go
to bed okay I take Albert yeah I didn't
even suppose I wake up in the morning my
sister still going on hers what am I
just going to guess on hers all night
you could without you it's gonna be an
empty room and then
what if like a ghost happens could you
imagine how scary that would be we what
go thing in your room Iran you know can
I tell you a story okay I want someone
that I don't know this one I can't tell
at just veg salad what is the story
so I think this person and no we were
not intimate together but I drank too
much and I crashed at his house and then
he's like I gotta warn you I'm a
sleepwalker like if I haven't done in a
while but I might sleep walk and I wake
up to him taking off his pillowcase and
I'm like it was like a scene from
Paranormal Activity I was so freaked out
that I left in the middle of the night
I'm like you know what I'm sober I'm
just ride home I understand what was so
scared by having a facility because it
was like in the middle of the night and
like you like just he like he's sat up
and then looks back at me and then you
like just decided to like take off his
pillowcase so I'm like a king maybe
doesn't like maybe so okay if I don't
know then he started to like put it on
as short and then she folded it and then
he walked out of the room it was like so
scary like why do you sleep ah yes what
what I say I'm like you see er the
living shit out of me last night
laughs why does he fuck me no he came
back to bed I'm like okay about that
time ago I love ya not funny
can I have a have a meeting on alleged
paranormal activity like they at night
they're always in bed and they always
have cameras on and like they're doing
weird shit like doing weird struggle
with how lucky huh merit camera on one
why would there be a camera on well
you're like all the cameras are always
on in parallel sorry I'm talking about
paranormal activity like you know
in the scenes in the bedroom we're like
they're doing weird shit and it's not
that some of the I've had guys fake
nightmares just for attention is
annoying
maple beneath a nightmare they're like
ah yeah what does that even mean like in
the morning they wake up and I go baby I
had a nightmare hold me hahaha elaborate
whoever said that some of the hahaha was
a Roswell my sister like oh that's how I
always happens all in the camera
Oh is the camera on but no that was
yours okay I'm with a stranger you
Vesely there the camera in case you're
not only my sleep closest on YouTube
literally bonala for over three hours
like move around so they wake up and
cuddle you okay girl you get it though
that's why I said I'm like Oh get off of
me I'm sweaty like I need my space
someone thought I had a guy jump on a
bed screaming no no no while flailing
his hands and coming at me as if I was a
must dying yet stop it
god no no no I just about dying he was
like trying to stop her from dying no no
no there's some weird shit that happens
so so can we do this tomorrow guys I'm
looking for it I might not have a job
and just make sure what do I see on your
all day never faced anything like this
on you know oh my god sure she used to
sleep chalk I did I shall do some people
tell me sitting on my case like she
actually says real sentences too we
shared a room back in the day and I
remember she was a chick Callie Callie
like fine really
and you like like sad ups you're like
should I wear the green dress blue dress
or green dress or pink dress and you
were like holding up just your hands and
like okay weirdo go back to bed the
answer I said the pink one goodnight
wait what Wow listen Allison circle oh
really
young I don't
and you know no we should remember when
we had our own bedroom yet we always
looked in Mom's room when we were like
literally like in our teens that's cuz I
watched a stupid movie and I got so
scared
which one selfish and got the bed and I
was sleeping on the floor Texas Chainsaw
Massacre channel oh he's coming to get
you I'm so scared of stuff like that
I know is this now watch ah okay I
cannot even do like what is this called
what's that Fright Fest or Hollywood
Hollywood Hollywood horror night oh yeah
anything on Halloween time where people
case you know I like like okay I pair
act like breathe with fear yours this
plays longer you're crazy so is my story
of my life though Pacific new tractor
movie this year no I didn't like
American Horror Story by the way and no
I do not like mom you're like what clown
I don't like hate them I own good care
of them so after I watched split did I
tell you that junior class then I was
talking about your impression do your
impressions we can go with your story
personality your brushes go well I watch
a split and then the next day all of our
power went out all of it and I had to
leave and I was parked in the parking
structure but I'm on the bottom level
and it doesn't have any windows or any
light and I'm like I cannot go down
there and you know like how at the end
the Beast like knocks out all the lights
and I'm like oh I think down there I
have literally call my I had it knock on
my neighbor's door I'm like can you walk
me down to my car but what's really
scary those who's not scary right
no no but like in that moment I'm like
okay guys
miss incision do impressions of the
personality though I wait hi my name is
Hedwig
and I'm nine years old and you know I
was looking what and you I said that you
could like come and watch me dance but
you you told on me and so you know we're
not friends anymore what would the other
one is somebody I'm coming for money all
the time but I mean idea but like not
perfectly funny and like that so fucking
money
can I do the impression of Dennis
someone says oh my god what did he say
that I was doing the impression of them
is really good my you would be hearing
you were doing very it's like I want
Dennis what person resin is when wearing
us this is this this is cashmere it's
from three seasons ago
I'm wearing my blue it's insane did you
find the light anymore oh good oh good
you got one yeah why do you hit
something and bury and it was so fucking
good where she say the first night that
was good now what was some like you the
nun mr. Schad you Barry I'm starting it
out Patricia I don't remember her accent
that much mm-hmm you know I can't do I
am I really
yeah I wasn't good as I would do eyes
she's very I'm which is like brushing
your hair he won't be bothering you I
really I try I really can I'm like oh he
won't be mom oh no okay okay I got one
what hello girls I'm so sorry about
Genesis behavior he now knows to not
touch you I can't even do my good for
not I know Dennis is one like take off
the shirt she wants a shirt come on you
may have dirt on your CV oh I know what
do you said okay I know anything no you
got crumbs on your shirt take it off and
it's kind of loud that was not good okay
as I had just watched it that's why so
very what you didn't you said something
so like and forget like that little bit
of an accent and you're like I have no
idea and I walked the other night
Marko's over here and we watched it
hustle time because you're not such a
good impression
flip the movie everyone's like what are
we doing scream know so much yeah you
don't like watch again I do like a video
public ASMR impressions of that I was so
fucking funny maybe I should just come
up with my own 27 personalities wait
yeah you know what originality that
wasn't even like a me mourn I was like
what was that
remember a number all the diabetes ones
oh yeah we xanax a it's not true but is
not an oppression bruising but for
something I'm fuckin Christ me up when
he does so split one I get a squatting
foot today from a good movie do schooi
griffin but was then i cannot use to be
yeah what actually I know you can Tricia
might talk to me up she thinks I'm funny
sometimes I'm like no I'm not really
that what I don't know I know you know I
hate or secretly like I would never talk
to invited he was fucking funny - Tricia
I can't
it's honestly so hard to do Tricia oh
where do you do me I have two
personalities what are they maybe I can
personally description your personality
we went 42,000 people in this life jack
yeah but they that always before you or
before me ah nice one I'm out I'm not
doing I don't know how to do it Sean
impression and the Kardashians you can't
even impersonate because they're so like
mom like that so not cool like oh yeah
happy talked about you and like they
don't move that's when they talk and
they're only children dying and Africa I
know there's children starving in Africa
Chloe that's not the point
I lost my diamond earring Idol Bible
though bling really you think I was
really appropriate to see that like you
have to talk like them like that though
with those lips gotta pray
I just don't know what the big deal is
like everyone's talking about us now
with Rob right now I just feel really
like he's lost God see my firm
progresses
oh yeah there's no imprisoning before
I've been here for three hours this
wouldn't even do any mercy
I don't wanna be every three hours of my
that huh Mulan Oh moolah I didn't wanna
what was moolah moolah oh my knee I
don't know either have my deliriums a
swimming class have you had a wet dream
watching our wet dreams but I used to
think Shane was highs we like into them
we're keeping this Pete we're keeping
this g-rated people I like I've ever I'd
whole you now as much as impressions
implies miracles really good just I bow
to God so we decide we are the girls we
had a girl mommy canal yeah the girls
girls girls that's like good memory
oh my god that was like forever ago do
an impression of your mom honestly would
just be me stubbing my toe all overtime
Orman like oh definitely my oh oh yeah
we always rely there's like I really got
a P though I gotta pee like literally
those are things that she does well
Harley was the best some of them see
Sally cannot be on the stream and out
here we are I'm gonna try to do
something and then when I do it it's
like you can't stop me right you guys uh
you guys were the one that started it
all you said okay I'm sure your face
I'm about to smoke a bowl and hang out
with you guys okay summer
you go girl do it look at that Bowl you
do the damn thing you love us I do lobby
wise calories and passion was out in
front her legit may seem everyone loves
the hedwig though all right it's not
girl I me that I'm not look good because
I knew that you like um holy cow your
song here no judgment
okay not a judgment free zone
do you have it again people like what
Wyatt do it oh oh wait wait so do you
want to see my window it's um it's
really cool my room is actually really
cool thank you and Pete something cool I
stole it from Ethan
she's like oh can I use it no don't
touch that help me I'll be the girl you
we have way way down in the basement are
they up in his room now during this room
okay I name is table I started like a
role play right now
Howie did Marie uh um no this what you
should do growing up waiting for the bus
I want everyone to know like this I know
they're ever by Alan Mayo this is great
you guys don't know like there seems to
be this all the time be like I'm not
gonna spoil the movie like the opening
with you guys
you're not some man who took our okay
take your nuts and man you not managed
to her okay okay okay okay okay stop no
I think always like hi my name is Hedwig
with your name
I heard on set just make up will freak
out many years awful even though nobody
sounds like no course not like I'm not
okay yeah okay okay um hi go ahead okay
well I want I'm privy to no go hi my
name is Ed wait what's your name
you're not the person who shut up
what oh oh and and what about the woman
you're not her either
but you're they know they just to watch
over me and I'm only nine years old and
you know it's pretty night there I can
like draw my room and I've got a nice
window and I have some bad see nice I
like to dance too sometimes you just
watch it sometimes if you want huh do
you have a yoga window in your room yeah
you wanna see it yeah okay um I just
need like your babysitter you know I
don't hurt profile I can be pissed
well they say Kali is me trying to
improv oh um you know I heard them
talking about you actually they said
they wanted to kidnap you you can I tell
you a secret I do that yeah you say that
can I tell you a secret
yeah of course they said that they were
coming he was coming to get you what no
no no no they said that that they said
they say we're gonna eat you not me
they said that you know what I shouldn't
even be here right now I gotta go no
babies on the move everybody says about
the reason the beginning of the meeting
y'all are so into this I love it I love
what he's dancing cousin hip hop music
hey guys thank you I can see that what I
love asking shit like that
I'm gonna try so funny yeah I hope
that's not your first laugh this is
unfortunately it is this is just my
personality various things in question
oh god I haven't watched her in so long
so it's hard I can't do what I wish I
could Miranda definitely not have to say
hi I know Jim I went watch movie again
we what you're me oh I was already
together right now you watch split right
now together
okay ours huh you have to watch it it's
such a good movie let's all watch
together everyone go put in split right
now lost are walking out we in here for
a number hours and then we get shut down
for like piracy or something well no we
watch our tvs you don't show it all of
us have to watch it mm-hmm
we all have to rent it I know we'll
discuss it will be commentary throughout
God's what is about his 27 personalities
good movie I don't have split no I'm
just kidding we're not going to actually
watch it could you imagine Ron here like
why a lot of the morning watching split
talking about these personalities it's
on demand and I bet you could do it on
Amazon I got on DVS I love it
okay Danny is one more to be honest no
judgment though judgment free zone
though is just saying we are glad we
agree disagree remember I said you end
up three hours letting a lot of things
between yeah like can I be the third
sister sure
haha you can act out a musical we can do
the whole Jordan in her hard room go
from start to finish with each version I
feel a lame cards uh-huh and growing up
with your show you always had to lose at
all of the American Idol game so we used
to play and you would never win a beauty
contest and you would always have the
shitty parts to act out so but guess who
got to be the lead and split tonight
you so there you go do a GG gorgeous
impersonation I
no I can't do that and I don't know how
to stay gorgeous
captain find someone who's like usually
like I can't do presidents like I have
to do right a surprise do is shape I
know there's like it's gotta be
something I don't know something with a
crazy accent or something yeah something
to do a drew impression it would just be
like this is my eternal and migrant no
he's very pie growing yes yeah I watch I
don't really want I know lots of missus
say because these are your people but I
don't really want to consider YouTube
that much but I already sounds like GG
hey guys she didn't know I can't even do
it no I only said I can do I'm um yeah
good impressions that I can do but like
I'm bad there's a lot that I can't do a
split one I tried that Knight Returns
over I miss it you can do a really guys
I yeah I don't know what it is pretty
much like a new procedure yeah I can do
it we will have our Britney's well
they're two different Britt I'm Kelly
mom no mom doesn't know you guys like
her
thank you um I'm Kelly um okay I'm sorry
okay no you are us
here's your I just like your face you
whatever
aren't personating me
she doesn't actually sound like me mmm I
sound like me my voice is really that I
should go to avoid it's not just messing
with you
that's actually really cute well you
know sometimes I know it's a monoi no
fish i drinking so much liquid I don't
even know is already pressures on Yasmin
how do you super slim fit literally how
old is challenge is 24
Elvis hard I know you know why we can
only do the ones that we know we can do
we go yeah Christina oh you knew ya know
I do share happy ha ha ha ha
to lean on a Spanish one what you
Britain go no well your anxiety bread
I'm getting cpe dead yeah this is your
place yeah every half hour this this one
hard work lean beyond
haha bitch I thought this is a
judgment-free zone that was a judgmental
page my face doesn't say anything
I just need you all split video that
would make me so fuckin happy you you
want upload to Instagram and you should
dress up as a character at a CV so funny
or dress for executives you are in a
bikini and I we actually even cooler and
funnier side on that media hey we're
talking about you're always making you I
was doing bikini pictures no I don't
last week UT photo that I have my photo
session your button everywhere my photos
are you always having bikinis and I'm
like oh man so it's about as I am you
that's not that's why I say it would be
less awkward if you posted on Instagram
specification of the key picture I love
you you know I'm kidding yeah Khali and
cipro mo-om of our instagrams on here
she is
Cal Gator 1 for 3 and I am at Trisha
Paytas rotten flora oh I think it's ran
at me I was let's put it now is getting
grumpy
doesn't she go well you know my huh my
thing is um it's freezing
oh it's freezing ok well we're all three
in a half hour
Barbie so we should probably get off
right lobby blue it's freezing okay
alright guys well that was so much fun
as far as you can say bye my sister so
fun mine kind of freezing - maybe it's a
bit too tough Bob we've been on your
three and a half hours makes you all
that's been on here this whole time
Dolly's
like my eyes are tired like I don't even
hide my eyes I hire which is financial
wrestling back I'll be on Twitter
Instagram I probably apply tech people
no boy apply answer me store in my life
Kelly thanks for being here but
Hollywood byways Giada I feel like they
didn't know his whole time with us and I
have a fuck Hollywood story but I'm not
going to share it but I get my chariot
with him what real fucking I'm running
off when I first into LA I was extra the
show called the search for the Ken like
house search for family Ken and Barbie
the judge at Venice Beach and I was one
of those people that would say this in
the audience and we got paid 20 bucks as
an audience for like four hours and he
was one of the judges and here's like
every judge and they give them a dollar
special treatment a super job absolutely
like that one day
so close you in here now love em so much
my family telling in papillion bucks I
got some use on but any man Jaya
thank you very much man with a real name
but I'm assuming yes because I can see
anyone can episode that was called
anyone can I be a still on YouTube
actually I'm not stickin you can see
buff and you can see me in the audience
um come back and watch lo everyone
tomorrow thank everyone for tuning in my
mom is a cerebellum so unexpected and
weird and random but I loved it was so
much fun um and I love you guys and I
will talk to you guys really soon um you
guys chat me Sharky our new environment
and my stars in here on my titties
little baby sheep I'll see you soon
they'll be a new wake up with me
tomorrow and the conclusion of
significally will be up on Wednesday and
also the blossom today about being stood
up will be on my blog channel tomorrow
this and so on getting off ok everyone
she says bye I know I knew your thing
was freezing - kind of shapes up I'm
just saying by now I'll call you in two
seconds okay alright guys have a great
night we have been on here three and
half hours
Badgers bucking records we have 160,000
thumbs up after watching Martha she's
had over 44,000 this is
some sort marker and for thank you guys
so much I really do love you and we'll
talk to you tomorrow and you guys can
know more details with my videos that
are coming up tomorrow load with two and
then Wednesday give you update it up
you get double just against him I'm
fucking bored a fridge so I love gay
side sign I'm like
