tamela's talk every and everyone reach
me when this is really love and you can
call me Khaleesi
oh we are making pasta - pasta and the
food is already done is anyone even here
what's happening is nipple - yo don't
minor so pasta comes even a bit again
yeah if you want to reach me up you feel
the lamb you can call me Khaleesi
still alone and then I got cold very
mean free of the answer and did you
learn through this bundle
I am hungry I'm going bad I should not
be impossible for bread and I've been
eating so much my summary it's like so
creepy I drank too much were they too
fast so now I'm having pasta awesome
whoo pasta call me as a never get
married if you want to reach me I don't
want to be on something half hour ago
I just know right - wrong wrong wrong
he's in there right up onto my head
nothing you can follow me so easy
thank you peaches for the 50 bars I got
diagnosed Parmesan cheese y'all homepage
oh we haven't come for Cathy but I'm a
noodle - I'll leave you for the hundred
barn wiling doo doo doo cute you make my
own thing you make you special bow
string flash roomie
pasta so bad I read so much I'm so puffy
going on I'm so confused what time is it
is almost 10 o'clock okay I'm so tired
Thank You Vanessa Ford F of C bar I find
it hot I want to eat alone something
great but no how was ever in father's
day actually from the day my dad um I
kind of all social media to later J
girls when right here again Bob VCS be
assigned pasta when girls Beretania Val
thanks for the applause that rapini hair
can be um Indiana you can run right into
post make a lot I didn't post a today
guys we were solving me for not post
mating thank you for the 50 bars babe I
eat a lot today I should not be eating
this I'm just hungry bitch I'll be
dealing with a disorder for a long time
our dream egotistical sitting disorders
help get help it's hard
look I I hoped I wasn't eating I have a
Tina Turner myself and it's really hard
and you need help and support and the
worst person you have advice for this
because I don't know way don't give up
on yourself don't be too hard on
yourself
we all need 16 all of us are imperfect
is that cheese Alvaro saying you know it
something like crap I'm cheese I love
pasta
guys love noodles I love noodle the
cheese so good girl for me got that I
really always really I cook them on its
onions actually it's really shoddy when
I drew it myself
enjoy with us in the meeting I'll so you
can respond and put that true when you
use your good name
well when to breakfast and which I ate a
lot of food at Ritchie's diner in
Marietta California
so now we can excel cur after chaga
which is super fun
Thank You Michelle for 30 bars then we
saw a movie called going in style
tell me does it like it it was weird
it's like for older people we're moving
I was like texting and I never do that
movie theater so I was like kinda bored
with the movie favorites we treat last
week I threw out the rest of my muffins
in my cookies I couldn't take them
remember staring at me we had how sweet
was my mom my my show thank you see
updated go here Superman go absolutely
right number one Santa me I should see
the number one standing guys I must
describe this like Jon Snow ops tender I
Rexes of conversations I like to watch a
picture on a name mostly just like
Johnson although I'm so excited about it
and I said that tremendous accent I
better put son's letter I was he looks
just like Jon Snow and he's like um I
get that a lot
so you know he looks like him you and
your sister before death yes we do you
like frosting a cake I'm requesting
Yanis not probably like blasphemous to
say a lot page but they don't have any
food and then you're kind of over it
it's not like really like a good idea
and then I'll be really like over it you
have a peach name
we're going supplier am so tired of
Busboys del ca√±o display to talk to of
this overhead well so money not on our
warranted of story time video black and
there's a lot that could be seeing
anyone else well I talked a lot people
you good man
are you a good man sir but doesn't play
games that just wants to see me you play
so many games with me I hear you're here
final screen and it's a light I wish it
was Frank I like that color but I'm
instantly anyone see that cheap at movie
to dance at the laundromat whatever
their this ones are there at the wrong
neurology thanks for a lot falafel
dildey barbie dream prove old - pika
have you ever my desk from paper to
print um yeah actually
so I was told I wasn't able to talk
about a post about it no news exactly
nice wasn't nothing bad I didn't told
Tom that shit I just think imposed to
tweet your talk
I thought p.m. thank you to pull over a
thousand bars
come on Jaya help oh the worst humane
want pasta it's good but I'm kind of
over Tucson it maybe we get a food will
fill them well let me give you I love it
right now I'm writing noodles and cheese
say hi mom hi I'm Roger Boris the only
customers news I have Parmesan cheese
sometimes I put sauce on it but I love I
think you love the idea of being in love
you're probably right about that
so then you cut the whole face off
actually I think I know you're right
about that Dad your boys are so cute
they go have you for a while we say hi
to be high violence which mean we need
more train videos we are going to be
doing one soon oh really cool cake same
coming weird you to place having a
Bloomingdale's or something I remember
correctly where's the platform crash
it's fun isn't that blue box you know
friends in the same I love it
this time Marilla
why not for British cookies you look
great today oh thanks doll call me
Daenerys Targaryen
if you reach me under ma'am would you
put on your pasta
I just can't change the position sauce -
I have socks loving the new zombies I
think y'all
I can't even a real quick-like I didn't
really take the time
hey daddy yeah buddy
wasn't super my contingent as I just
plain faucet yeah I just playing with a
little little cheese on you tells me
what's wrong between us what do you
dream tiller and crush your favorite
things do you put any butter on there no
put my mom's do all the time I splatter
noodles I'm actually really good how do
you do that - no thinner lips what are
mine is one now I'm saying you see them
angel for my 500 bars with your tender
bio dream date medieval times and soy
sauce is good pasta these soldiers be so
yes
no I know that's weird though you can't
really taste the goodness little pizzas
we do that we get a shorter guide
shorter like on the shorter side or
shorter than me when I'm going to sure I
think we ran into shorter than we five
foot one and five foot three and I
always wear heels and shut
who once over your dad are you know
about so we played in the tournament
that turn on set the Kansai the Chong up
see you know we will actually update on
my injections I am even resolve this
week I missed my footing on diagram
how's your guy doing is good for you
thank you fastly I'm listening I'm Roxy
the day wasn't a um why does all them
I'm just dissolving this upper part all
right here so they're more outlined so
like that tireless doing they feel great
thank you for asking
you're gonna want a final salt flour my
social media tomorrow yes I am that's a
pretty exciting things happening as well
I'm excited
I suppose you know what she doesn't know
what did the judges all those you know
I'm gonna find out accident I've never
had my lips twos old so I know they
inject again that's my needle well stage
I should pasta for lunch but it was with
me sauce on Sullivan
how badly those investments are I sell
one to five or one to one hundred one to
ten one being no pain ten being the
absolute worst item um I was then I
always do a numbing cream and from me
and like I honestly would say like one
two furgus comfort with not team but
some people do with no numbing cream my
rich how you yeah thank you for the
applause real emanations I've never had
a roommate
um not know I mean I've lived with my
mom my sister and a boyfriend but not a
roommate I said I was over some pasta
and ate the whole thing
oh how was it be on Modern Family
I was so fun I thought I was a star no I
didn't want family I was like this is a
star down where you date me
well I don't know you but thank you for
you know for the applause what you
really just given time waiting it's
nothing no I understand I was having
cookies these are really Debbie's are
like shortbread cookies from coming out
for the targaryen Oh have you fired much
oh well her name is a black manager a
team on Twitter and everywhere in
YouTube I love her show-stopping her
bestie choice except for me I love her
Wow welcome to happy with me seriously
just until Thursday I will be happy
these are with these cookies a bike bike
rental with a little ice cream Barbara
accommodation at currently
receiver ice commercial
mmm raspberry chocolate that are so
frickin glad I welcome so much um
easy on those nails and I'm so rough
with them okay I write here a tough
words door he took like not really
worthy of a story time wanna go rinse
this out real quick
and I'll tell you guys a story once it's
not really a fuck-boy story but I'll
tell you I was doing Rosie I like to
drink Roseate when I'm like getting in
the mood right
wink wink um or I drink alcoholic like
not like where I'm getting drunk I feel
good loose tipsy comfortable you know um
and well anyways since then I have been
texting like in intense intently
intensely oh my gosh thank you
cut thumbs fa for the five thousand
waters very exciting um II to make my
she for a girl don't at me I want to go
get it so bad oh thank you
baptize for 5000 in Genting a chance for
$5,000 um thank you KTM is amazing for
that work um it's so weird it was like
whoa boom boom anyway okay just because
we were texting really thank you that
was our effort really
taught me right like sexual this guy's
like hot like hot and so we didn't sighs
I know is real you know and whatever you
like soup or whatever um but I kind of
know that's why did you rush home for
this reason but like I just need a break
in tonight and I kinda like I like my
like reschedule backs I was like oh I'd
rather cuddle cuddle with this guy
because he was like so Adam about like
meeting up like things super so I was
like not gonna lie I don't get turned on
by text message is all often like sexy
include the guys like a quick game of
her own possibly grow your camera Lee I
need to play I'm not I'm not him well
anyway I'm I'm I came home shower like
clipped in his hair suddenly you guys
ready for it um shave everything and so
anyway so space time again and I was
like okay cool
like oh my god this guy this Q my eyes
everyone share this on you now and I
don't know how to say this in like kids
terms but he is easy for the original
baby um he likes you know didn't sing
quickly thank us he's working with
Rosenberg and I was like wait what it
was so I was a shower - Rihanna I was
like really excited like the whole way a
whole more like you know voice memo sexy
I am I having so much fun tonight and
then like the date was just like okay
baby boy like this together this week
I'm like I was we get my period after
doing this for like a week now that's
the worst
yes why don't we find yeah I wasn't like
read I don't know Michael I'll go to an
awful yours only when I'm a full fuckin
niggas own jet but I'm like what is with
you guys like it
anyway I'll be ready for because I was
like again
here I don't like to have is the older
um yes he's 37 he told me okay I don't
like him I know I was like released
yellow instead he was like really into
me excuse me got the whole day from like
9:00 a.m.
like lemony amaz what are you doing
how's your day going like you know like
should I say my laces exactly fellas
let's just thank you what's the shit wit
from Towson bars the guy who's been
doing it when you're in your beard a
greener but like I got the initial
hookup shouldn't be honest here I had a
guy like a couple months ago like after
like a couple days after my period and
the blood and still got autumns and he
was like cool a bit much about was
really cool how do you find seems like I
don't know I don't I didn't I didn't mmm
there's very unsatisfactory I was like
wow that was fast
all I would've waited what you said is
okay I was it yeah this is my babe no I
was calling again it's the phone sex is
lame the real sex from galata lamer
lemons all you'll huh thank you very
good otherwise um
say hi to Kiki hi can see a hole blocked
dude
chief of junk I know I was like I mean
literally turn around from a but not
like and he's done I was like um thank
you and also where's my fucking money
wait I didn't get anything out of that I
was like why I did it back nation on
Islands yeah so much I don't even know
what if she is the doll you're coming in
now are you even munching um yes I like
it I used those flex-cufs me and I do
like it
guys it's just a just one guys on plan
maybe I'm self-conscious um do we do
fashion journalism separate in a frat
boy ever updates back from tomorrow or
Tuesday Katie's a database too
babar bb-8 horn on May 28 where you went
on tour those will be announced real
soon
I saw something you talk a lot you have
katy perry on the livestream I can know
that I didn't know how to watch the TV
very nice tree um taking my hair out
I'm not weird to do on here like I don't
think I'm not asking you on entire AF
alright guys you see this girls know the
realness just really of realness when it
comes out where did you learn to cook
boiling pasta very complicated ask each
of them enough getting my I mean I know
I literally just use four waters
responsiveness um this struggle ll pick
it up only girls know like the amazing
relief I want you might even put back
and could actually create centrism this
is so sad it took me like a minute if
he's in a pool boy I also forgot for a
daily why do you only get trash I don't
know Chelsea brand thank you for a
housewife amazing I'm trash I have no
clue I don't know I have no idea I'll
ever hear a people think yeah I were
just saying like almost good feeling
offer from your Island
yeah I'm really do a full bloom tomorrow
super excited about that do you want
your teeth yeah here and there I do I
didn't know you did you know um yeah put
nine I don't do a lot lately try to
plentyoffish Trish no I don't know what
Connie is going I would be even more
trash nuts practice that I'm trashy
though don't take it the wrong way but
like right it's free any ginger sweet is
like sentiment all about back and put
that back of the guy didn't like school
as Isis we have like a bitch we're just
Skype so our first time so you can get
off and who is that him
what anybody to do anything I like Sam
oh right you should their profile Victor
um your team in the future um for
Santa's sake I hope not
people say that all the time later all
have a lot no award I'm just a mess um
what's the seeing for tomorrow's outfit
well I actually don't have a scene for
tomorrow because I am doing something
but not like I see oh wait people live
in a can full fool grammar we see my
hair done um but oh good
Friday and the cool thing so tomorrow
draws almost our Apple is real I love
those keys how to break hi guys
you know Cheney another fuck yeah wasn't
you know Thank You fishing the Maury
from South wasn't a concern well you're
a cute girl I am but when you shit up
try match well you know I don't not fit
I know people who hello or whatever
bullshit off it uh I feel cool enough
there's one more in here oh hi hi extra
herpes did you imagine I came over a bit
ready to get down and when we get back
flan that time oh and I am thank you for
having barred
I know wha today I'm so beautiful
gorgeous your show me why are we so
pretty same kidding I'm so puffy today
Harris Vegas go for it all in illusion
Oh like corn on the cob I love these
more than your video thank you I want to
react to that thank you
I love your hair short you know it's
comfortable but I'm going to chasten
strength ice cream I'm gonna cold
what do we say yes ice cream or no pack
around by Thank You Bellamy for the 500
RS what brand are those it is the
Bellamy I'm Anika 24 inches and that is
in the platinum blonde color music of
Trish for no good tell ice cream no it's
late yes we have one sensible person in
here like nobody just like I'm late
don't fuckin eat ice cream me I say a
big bowl pasta and cheese sure hang on
the drunkest you've ever been mmm
actually kind of god I can't be tied off
to my head
how am i 21st birthday on the macro
story doesn't fit got drunk in the rub
Olivia came a bailar for the thousand
never say no to ice cream what's really
good to it that was Mangum libraries my
flights are so quick and guys I wish I
had shakes bon just takes one place diet
coke share cope with no one bitch
because you're a lonely if I wasn't so
sure how to a friend
why don't never share a coke bigger than
everything cuz on me the oh you all your
garden and dentists all y'all perfect in
um looking us thanks days you know just
trying to love that doll life
he's hide harder bitch what I won't
really fast
why do I already anyway roots done that
eyes not only thing about blonde hair
leave I'm not gonna be looking to
compare in life oh yeah I bet enjoy
speak to a member if your heart mmm I
really wish I haven't eaten that pasta I
saw
sells too much like that well a little
lunch Fred Thank You Hannah
all for my hind hundred mrz Los Angeles
healthy girl you get your iOS app what
thank you I always lost free Phoenix you
oh my god I must a huge like literally
the biggest chunk on my leg I'm shaving
cuz I'm gonna have to I'm going to guess
Bridgman on summon account like part of
me was I don't cancel the spray pan so
like a pissed about it now because love
me oh you oh yeah what happened / hmm I
have that conclusion coming tomorrow on
filming it so I was probably up Tuesday
my uncle heartburn we can become over in
debt no girl no more um
what he was watching like I'm a hard
sure because he is like so fucking
creepy this whole story like a really
creepy weird turn
and I went I want it in case you shit
goes down just take your hair fall all
over no I've always just end up straight
up lowly tune don't sing no play
I'm gonna watch up bacon every thank you
for the why are your face number scoff
you have to eat a lot are you hitting me
right think it's been one big puff ball
I'm here sitting longer it is but it's
just such different lengths and keep an
emo girl velvet a girl wait which key
you look so tired
I am I draw what they I
to get any sleep last night by not
getting sleep tonight II really wish I
woulda got a fuckin Brittany on because
I'm going to be pale tomorrow
I thought someone named Brian stars is
yes is um we thought broadcasting onion
up and I said brand start from FEMA
zones with your data hook up with a
trans man good question
Thank You Nene for some light I think
though our attraction I don't know
nothing's transgender people I don't
know if I'm like oh I wouldn't date them
cuz they're trans girl returns that idea
are they hot like everybody person you
know bring your song to sleep Jesus
dress ah-ha-ha-ha red and yellow black
scared fun Hey our precious system she
loved blue shootin awesome
hey I'm all for the wonderful Sikh
mm people next door you follow me
real Gavin okay turn like stuff but I'm
gonna get you guys a little more bedtime
song and story
okay one more like we all shut the
lights off and get inside
okay what song should be seen as a
lullaby to go to bed kidding this is
some our neighbor down hot tub and pick
up where the muscle the fact is pop
somewhere your selection yuck oh yeah hi
look at the people watch the watch wanna
love it when I ran on your long enough
uh-uh no no hey buddy
Franklin ha ha ha
why can't y'all can help me help you try
the truck but I was home learning is so
strong yes
she dream dream she oh dear Balin asleep
well as our them say myself escape I
have if I is so much more than you'll
ever doesn't know figure to turn me up
think well for the love and support sure
you'll get know there's a lot rock with
me goodnight - goodnight Kali
this is the summer get like this move is
with window go to them um so this Prater
okay so I'm really pray if you guys are
funded by praying you don't have to
watch this or you can just appreciate
the list is I ate instead of praying
some way they're putting out good karma
winning output energy bring a positive
energy but you got good things in the
universe I call it brain I'm gonna pray
we all Paris me I'll show you right now
10:30 a.m. thought to go to bed so I'm
ready to turn across because I'm
Catholic but again it's putting out
positive eyes energy all the energy
karma automatic stuff
Capel great beautifully gotta thank you
to give me another day on this earth
thank you for allowing me another
Father's Day with my father thank you
for watching over me as I Drive he
protecting me and my whole family please
God bless my sister mother my brother my
sister-in-law you use my father my
father his wife my friends my family
everyone I love as one that means
something to me
everyone who watches me and supports me
involved me and has made my dreams come
true please watch over them please give
everyone into the peace and comfort that
we all may find happiness one day and
until then you give this all the love
and joy
you know how it's that we can feel you
Lord and in ordinary lives please watch
over every one's family that's watching
right now just in extra care of everyone
who's watching this right now you know
pray to you together for extra strength
and support into extra extra power of
prayer I love you so much dear Lord he
has given me so many blessings you're
keeping me strong is keeping me safe and
you're keeping me healthy I want us
planet to serve you and I appreciate you
and all you do
I have power and glory PU great good I
name a lot of you Jesus thank you for
another day and another night maybe I'll
sleep peacefully and get through another
night and wake up to a new morning love
squeezes all week we don't wake up
tomorrow morning please protect us and
keep us with you at all times
please for your essence please how
helpful to forgive those who have
wronged us and please let us allow us to
participative ourselves for our own
mistakes weren't always perfect but you
dear Lord in Jesus name anyway okay
again I everyone I'm going to go to bed
is anyone still here I said long prayers
um I hope you all like that I praise you
all who sincerely at night and I swear
she's lettering here now I feel like
we're all meant to be here for a reason
and I love you guys they get out to
George I denied Georgia can I trash my
night Sarah and I scream I love you guys
so much and I've got to go super easy
good night
