every year hey Aaron hey everyone
the pizza is on its way the chopper is
not working so I don't know where at
that but honestly I'm having had a
shitty day y'all but I am y'all could
realize County um hope it's cream at all
week I don't reckon do I think we can
know and I have been looking very sickly
lately we're making this no doubt did
amend I am just looking knock you and
that's flushing my fault I'm not really
taking care myself but that's okay we
are going to change that Trisha okay and
you know yes yeah I'm okay
I am I'm a struggling I'm struggling
because he this year has not been an
easy year mental health why thank you
the applauding wind up that's okay I
really answering this because uh you
guys always make me feel better I don't
know I didn't need a distraction
you know I'm gonna I have things I got
to do it through here to here so I have
things that I do which the plan of being
like late errands and late Jim runs is
that like that tonight but I just took a
nap I it started with the start with a
lie that gave me this anxiety uh here
and live people not you without a
malicious intent
um well okay you make up a lie and then
that person like kind of not called you
out for a bit like but you guys know I I
don't know how to describe this like you
lie about something thinking like it's
just it's kind like a flash in the pan
thing the person doesn't really care you
don't know them that well you don't
sufficient also there's no way they
would find out but then they say
something that perpetuates the lie and
then you have to like get out of it I
don't know anyway so as I kind of gave
me anxiety I'm like smiling really give
me so much anxiety I can't see Black
Knight then I woke up this morning and I
just had a just it was just an emotional
day I actually have a video uploading
about it but I've just been also I
haven't been exercising this week which
i think has really fucked me up Thank
You hailey for the shitty part I think
that kind of like why didn't I oh
because the lip thing happened on
Thursday you're not always will so
exercise after your injections and then
I was supposed to go get some dissolved
it and I totally totally spaced
it was just nice having a bad day and
then I totally said I was opposed to get
them so this upper part dissolved I'm
like I'm bad I feel so bad like I'm just
mad so I order some pizzas to kick-start
I hate this I need to get rid this voice
let up and twist like that it's like
actually a lot of RAM like OCD or even
like that but that to you so much
this girl is like
this girl keeps looking back like
there's like an alley kind of way it's a
big alleyways on like shady always like
a big alleyway
I'm just girl like it's walking on it
and she keeps putting backward from
following her like no literally no one
it's all she looks terrified anyway
looks scary um I want to yes I do I
ordered it it should be on its way right
well the truck we got working so sad
about it this is consistent this weekend
today and tomorrow a bad day of eating
of eating bad um gosh I've been eating
so much lately I know that my period I
also known under a lot of stress zone
girl where's pizza from whereas where do
you guys think
um staying rather terrible I know if I
can get in this like what I'm gonna rep
but but next thing I have so many fun
things happening and like good videos I
want to plan I want I do want to work my
best let me just be some my go work out
and I love you more like that's
counterproductive or whatever it is
better than nah it's really 10.1 yeah
I'm just going to sleep like you know I
don't know I never understand why some
say that like you going to the gym does
nothing on the elliptical but yeah
doesn't he do something like it doesn't
do nothing and it's not it's great
you know the internet people once people
heaters man if you make you feel better
yeah the gym yes it doesn't feel better
after do it I just feel like complic I
don't know you're so strong your cute
little shoe Irish I see stronger and I
know I am strong and looking like a heel
very strong quick you want to lose it
weight and a fun way to MMA to me that's
a success sound fun
I'm where I keep say too
shut up the rest is done with anything
thank you guys
yeah I mean I do and I have like like
when people say that with our hands like
no I'm not I have to realize like
somebody I was fucking young like I I am
a mess smiles every day um Trish got
ideas he does he is the one thing that
keeps me going that's for sure
it's an Austin year girl words on honest
I expected Austin Jones like thought
what okay um that story is so fucked up
story I was watching something actually
ah it was a tweet or something someone
said like literally like a woman's live
stream where they said what a girl's I
won't be affected that much but like
it's more of the embarrassment of like
everything coming out like being like
manipulated at an early age you're like
you're going to be manipulated for life
I was so pissed when asked what I was
watching somebody I was like but if
you've never been in that situation like
you want to understand it's okay because
it wasn't like to crazy is just um you
know asking if you twerk with like the
manipulation of it all was like even
even worse I mean oh it was worse but
just as bad is manipulating so fucked up
we're going to meet that please a common
you like on it
thanks know me feel better
see an app ah felt much one or two
what's it like meeting was so funny I
don't ever I never think of myself as
famous but it is cool people like come
up with like recognizing so surreal and
especially when I'm with my parents like
my mom my dad like from early like from
far as far as Andrew I want to be like
no you know like I don't know what for
and like it just it's cool it's at high
school and today of the internet anyone
can reach one we know but it's also also
like that's a lot of pressure because I
never want to disappoint anyone or you
doesn't mean I feel like I do
Trisha is a testimony you talk about God
like you want me to talk about our more
things I could do I mean God is that
it's good and that's why I keep going
and keep flipping custom god is good you
guys are awesome at my side when I just
get I'm like a really emotional today so
like a little things will set me off but
I'll eat some peace not it all be good
girl but you got change to me because I
did I just got Cheetos basic ass bitch
um you help me get in touch with mr.
Desai prayers are very powerful it is
and even if you like it's not working
now to keep going
sometimes I feel like it's not working
for me make sure my video did upload
did you Jill truth no I talked about
that earlier also stick it through
dissolved I totally totally fuckin
spaced out I am such an idiot
I had a really rough day
really really no enemy but myself which
it's all good tomorrow it's Father's Day
and father said eyes I saw me go up on
knowledge the chat wasn't your new girl
did your lips dutifully on this is
coriander in the salt yeah she did
really really good I can't believe I
think all good things developing I was
so I really really wanted to to note
with a really good difference in the
shape of my mouth
sunny love success thank you guys so
much
or just Lisa is coming why are you
trying some peas
I usually have a video it's uploading
now I don't right before my nap shade
just letting your eye looks bad in that
video how much you actually scheduled a
spray tan for tomorrow night because I
just need to feel better like and
honestly like three hands like like do
my hair and makeup am energy next to me
with an edge of the week I just gotta
like get back enough a pause before I
reach high class which for the applause
what happened to your skin tuning
pricing at Forgotten War why don't walk
along because it's not a thing anymore I
partnered with another company and it
just ended up aa chicken just closin up
which happens a lot of times they have a
lot of startups ideas that either were
meant to be a one-time thing or you hope
it goes somewhere in a doesn't but this
is a like I honestly don't mind you I
have an idea that fails it's like my
YouTube videos like sometimes you you
think I'm like a youtube like idea or
video some of them are amazing and
people like them some of them fail and
fall flat on my working days some of the
videos will get like no views and I'm
just like a lot of a shitty idea but you
know it doesn't pop you for making
videos like this one
what's your exercise routine I just do
cardio oh you guys the exciting part is
today I got a different dessert Oh Thank
You Mindy having four to five dollars
bars I always like how it just explodes
Oh Vic LaBelle for the 5000 mark I don't
use why this happens like in a row like
five thousand bars like organ tips a
thousand bars would always like happens
I appreciate though it's serene eeeh
I guess it just starts as free house
thank you for the thousands on Dariana
for the $500 and Evon for the facts on
your side
so decision aid can I see over the ghost
is she ten EleFun offensive you telling
someone I need to do something to their
appearance because they look gross or
they was like something not good I guess
I can go looks like that's not nice I'm
not trying to be a bitch but that's not
fucking nice thing to say I'm sorry and
I you look young and sometimes these
young people old people - like - like if
I might yes this is like if you look
like fucking shit goes please it's like
okay you got to say all that looking
shade one two three thank you for the
seven bars
alright and this I'm sorry and also
sometimes I mean like I don't I honestly
don't care like whatever I mean and I
think you know people talk about on some
shit butts like don't don't say that to
somebody that's not nice I've
like a mother like a para n√≥s but it's
trying to teach you that's not a nice
thing to do
my mother did if you have nothing nice
to say don't say it at all in regards
but honestly like Paris isn't someone to
get pisses me off when people talk shows
like that's something people can't
control and if they can't control it
like you know it's such a personal thing
I'm giving out person City I'm gonna
talk about how should a person is what's
your favorite girly item at the moment
mmm that's my question rather than
growing lately thank you it's cuz cash
off in a thousand bars I don't have to
think about that I don't know it's my
favorite really thing I gave an IDs IDs
at night now
just wake up I'd say Simon research -
the other night in my nightie and she's
like are you learn lingerie but for
yourself my she she loved you I wrote
everything that I'm actually going to go
get them done like literally right after
this could be a bothering me I think
that's gonna make my mentality feel a
lot better - did you go back just had to
be went I did not go back I was talking
about this earlier I it's not cuz I
didn't want to I literally spaced out
Thank You Brittany my holiday 2950 south
like I just say that I had a really
emotional for today and I'm excited to
get that little thing dissolved up here
though so I really want you it's not
some lack of trying
and lack of wanting where's the pizza
it's coming on I the trance is not
working I need to blow my nose pull out
one sec y'all wait back
I also ordered a large junk food this
week which also does not make me feel
I'm checking you nowadays pretty sure
it's not much thanks guys I love this
little you know thing stay sticky but
otherwise I like that were to take this
little Sam like what is there with half
of people and you know I took up amazing
what's so crazy but also like I like it
that it's like small enhancement um stop
ruining your life though I mean I don't
know why that affects me once again I'm
not really in the mood to deal with any
of this shit today that is the lease on
the line I don't know why that's even on
your mind I'm not trying to be rude but
you need to worry it there you need to
have a life the system sucks if you're
wearing laughs in my life well I'm not
worried about it right now on the line
for you are thank you fail you have sort
of tops and bars it's time to get tough
you know I like it you know you guys
like that I upload like s you guys
watching some real things what do people
like that I upload if you're watching
this on my on my Trish's life channel
let me know if you guys like that I
upload these I personally kind of find
it annoying when people upload their
live shows which I'm watching talk to
the screen like it's like you're just
here you're like taking pauses I love
that you upload okay cool
and people must do it like it because um
you know I see people do I show all the
time so I guess people like it
Cleary Massa prosper and I get read on
that side if it's a letter I will be
saying your Facebook link in your
YouTube videos is wrong I'm a Facebook
link I saw your message girl but I
didn't I was so confused
we have to fix it later
thank you for letting me know again
we've got a halogen on snapchat was
worried but she never answered yeah I
don't I honestly don't do stuff cat that
much anymore um I like snapchat when I
was uh when I was obviously with Sean
and I followed him up until about a
month ago and it just hurt and I said
why am i calling him and I honestly I
feel sorry that I'm not think you just
having around watch was I'm an emotional
person
YUM I'm just on the glamour you watching
this another life snapchat and I liked
that he watched my and stuff and it's
like I'm not really that fun to me so I
should officiate and followed him up
everything that actually feels good
I had a drunken stupor a couple days ago
where I like what the reporter and I was
like I heard it was can you phone the
point is you're fat now you get your
teeth like where'd you get the dessert
is something different this time
thinking or put a thousand bars um he
says he was happy to leave the tweet
yeah but not a good person
do you know at your age you do look good
yeah I always damn for an animal if you
like that budget when I was 50 alibi
versus real time is my first time arena
welcome Reena rocks water transparency
the only thing I know
pizza and here is where the peeps in
tears tears were happening pizza is on
its way
dinner right now something Susie's
already
girl it should be here within minutes
pizzas back but you know I order from
restaurants and that usually takes a
while but I guess against in 20 minutes
in huh what's actually the trapars not
looking at so annoying I actually just
order it like a while as well it
literally should be here any minute
drink water hydrate for smile I have one
right you will do that thank you for
inviting me thank you buyer for the tip
so that as my no shade whether your
ownership thank you don't take that out
shade and my sister does Rita my sister
my sister does look like not older and
about what if she's very mature looking
IVM diamond what's enough water diamond
and I actually just bought them seven
whatever I have to open the box of cash
wise actually that's a chatons my heart
out you should work out rich my routine
is thank you Andy rants and father buys
my workout routine is literally I did
very very very lightweight but for like
some biceps and a little bit of arm Tony
but I mostly just get on the old school
for two enough hours watching these
rooms anyone your evening is Saturday
night I'm not what is that
just running errands looking at exit
social medias Howard that's you yeah
actually I have done it and bought a
month and I felt really good I was
feeling a lot happier and like as if he
didn't exist which was a great thing
then when I deliver I could imagine
spirals my anxiety and depression
kind of about moving out today yeah
since its average from AMC yeah I'm
moving out probably what I don't like it
here head of the new story yeah my mom
used to live in Grand Blanc Michigan
which is near Flint Michigan haven't
crashed so we fly into Detroit and a for
thought and out my first Al Kooper show
my ex-boyfriend was a strippers a person
system for 20 years before Esau
crazy so yeah we saw after that's unfair
are you still suing the nightclub you
had to work that no trying to get the
money back we didn't dispute and I had
my lawyers and them a letter but that's
just ongoing right now we don't not in
the song I'm too lucky because it's more
money to file a lawsuit then lose get
back so try to at least get half the
money back from the club which they did
but didn't it was like my my car to be
like temporarily giving me that cut it
back but it wasn't it wasn't a final
thing yet which will see it's not like
you have to address anything you do your
leisure prints your body in your freedom
of speech
for that company did you get the type of
results uh no I haven't dissolved or do
they say results as if I picked it up I
did I I say I'm getting it I'm getting
it next week it was bad day and say says
I know all of your justinian self
sorry for those things but in the end if
I keep repeating myself um please not a
guy loves you wants to pack yes
absolutely
let me share where the profession tired
shirt like a little workout shirt
private strip Thank You team FN 500
social lock on handle it you guys right
I should an app and I woke up and I'm
like you're right and I I've left a lot
of stress and worry thank you Jim for
Belvoir
I want her quick place in order to pick
up dudes ever accidentally do that it
never takes this long and that's the
delivery time approximately 27 to 37
minutes and that was at 3:12 51 now the
trackers not working very frustrating
Domo
and so confuse tracker check numbers
Machop fish yes it does but I'm even
looking to email us the phone number
that's us trading or these I have
problems in my life call them I'll give
them till four which is eight minutes
but salmon specialist bus was so good
Jesse really I would say like barreling
Simoes up and up we widened a scheduler
so interesting
feel free awesome a pizza oh I don't
know if that would be good girl I like
afraid of loss but that does mean Thank
You Catalina for the - Abarth move to
Redondo Beach I feel in the Redondo
Beach never trying to tell you that your
testimony okay thank you I thank you
that actually it makes me feel a lot
better
pretty girl plus thank you so much
automatic I don't know what to tell you
as we keep loitering up over like to
Sophie that means out stuff these are
happy tears what thank you that means a
lot that you can still be here despite
the party good hardship and pain and why
is that
I don't know I don't know I depression
chronic depression gets to you I um
little things can tip it off I guess I
hope one day that I won't be so
triggered I think that word risk it's a
good word for I guess the question I
don't blame trigger like triggering on
other people's in doing is always just
like it's my own personal triggers that
really a little bad sometimes really
don't know that fix most yeah
yeah that does because you can't fix it
if you don't know what's causing it
you need a holiday come to Australia
that could be fun oh thank you carry a
one for the $5,000 Thank You Diane for
the hundred bars I returned to Little
Caesars beep no I well yes I have Qaeda
I don't don't like it Craig needs it
always helps I haven't listened to a
twat 13,000 yesterday I'm alive share
yesterday Ramallah the chat I know I'm I
hardly applied to lovelyz
I feel because I'm too I don't truly
don't think I'm going to be alone
forever
thank you diamond body gonna progress
but having said that I'm okay being
alone like obviously isn't enough for a
while if I'm okay with it so get a big
tap out the depression the way it looked
at you nothing I want to I actually
wouldn't mind I'm really terrible at
cleaning up after myself so I could get
really terrible thing a better account
and all the heating can I don't even
know how to take care of a cat that
would actually to find any more than
probably a super baby I wouldn't dull
which do with it
thank you thanks for the 500 forest
we're a little sensitive film generally
should give you skinny I don't know that
was not a comment or a serious question
I'll take it as a serious one that um I
think I said this perform videos I think
every bigger person was like oh it would
be awesome to just be skinny and it's
been too close meet whatever you want
and might not feel uncomfortable in your
own skin or judged in your own skin but
having said that I actually am pretty
happy with my new body I like it I get a
lot of compliments these days on my
shape and stuff so I mean but I feel
like I always think you didn't mesh with
500 bars I think I'll always have like
issues with my body but I think most
people do since your food almost here
oMG I know I don't honestly I should
call them this is
like it's triggering me and it's
annoying at the trapper doesn't work shy
shy online it's pride in the world
Thank You Andrea baby for the thousand
buyers Africa oh this one right yeah
you're right
have to find out more about the love of
others actually brothers yeah I thought
up being home a lot stands I can't risk
any a left with too much of a great girl
agreed
I found OBC Hamilton video so that we
know BC off-broadway I don't know if
these don't take control of bad delivery
I was like his back harm up I out Jeff
though the quote if it comes again and
like spit to my pizza
I always said I don't know are you
getting the Domino's is there guess what
additional that I know they get I'm so
frustrated is just like I've gone
through 30 minutes and I think the order
probably 10 minutes before I came on but
it is sad a very humble to take a weird
time on a Saturday three minutes not
call them 47 right now so much before
I'm you should make a day a little
better
yes it does I knew coming on here which
fixed up a day I ate something would
start the day a fucking four o'clock on
a Saturday it is doing anything with
your dad tomorrow on Father's Day I love
your song about good job thank you
what's that like aurilla Gerardo boom
does it not to be a mess that's not
their fault
yes I guys it's not huh what kind of
tries or not I have to work on
I just went to our country and you clear
all um how do you keep things not thank
you and again I can't be here right now
chicken fingers and Michael as my face
but I wasn't taking general thank you
sorry for the thousand bars
I guess passed away to smooth massage at
them
I'm so sorry Vanessa I truly cannot
imagine my life without my father
that's hard now I Oh see you down good
guy again I'm telling you everything to
do me out today DUP that's hard I wasn't
Deborah's ever home my holidays kind of
are insensitive speaking about a
Christmas Valentine's Day Father's Day
which is like the chill most people's
life but I would that would be a bad day
for me
I'm sorry and smile says saying never
knew my dad what's really done why don't
we visual rewriting it off I also too I
mean I'm assuming it's just
you
you
okay so I just wanted to see if that was
going to call for the pizza
Thank You Cheyenne but in KJ say like my
address or phone number or something I
didn't want people to hear me so I'm
going to do it again
you
did you hear me Fionna
Pacifica said my address did you guys
hear me because if you guys heard me
it's a small group of Allen but if I put
on my YouTube no okay
I'm so paranoid about that nothing
matters in smoke you know I have a big
idea
um they said they were very very busy
today and she said she walked in here
any minute
that's it is weird hours if it's always
working at once I get off on a Saturday
get some glam another can get better I'm
getting some glam on Monday little spray
tan action gonna go look out after this
my eyebrows done I just I haven't been
really taking care of me this week and
I've been isolating myself which is very
very bad and I'm gonna I think you
Rebecca for the 500 thank you for the
applause 50,000 what heritage is your
mother jaw with Herod Oh like
nationality um she's German the reed
name is can to the K comp but I can't
hey auntie um I think it's 100 bars and
brunch
hi Norway hi Georgie I'm really hungry
am i or am I just bad can't decide thank
you hundred for the 505 I don't even
hear that oh my god even worn across my
dad I wouldn't move me or my mom or my
dad my mom was both weak my dad was like
in the desert would literally in the
middle of nowhere there's like nothing
to do there I lived with him for a year
after high school and like a year and my
adult life went 21 like 22
not because living with my dad but it
was more
I just acquired fauna that we shared to
clean up and I did it a snip off this
thing I never know I hope that my thumb
for a sec sorry oh wow that's laughs
sorry it comes on my facebook spokes
characteristics references um a couple
my way computer is really annoying they
don't like it when it rings on the
computer s ball and climb it should be
charging this one actually okay thank
you should stopped for the 500 bars you
want to share those yeah over here on
the live show piace thank you and Brad
officer 100 bars times two you will want
to ever do more videos I Colorado sign I
don't think some people just YouTube is
exam Thank You Harry for the 500 bars
what about Chris person calling I don't
think it was what I said of them be
using how to get off get off me he's not
to get up here there's something on
youtube as alexis is what wasn't
watching on youtube oh why i remember
last time pinkie Brucella for the kind
of like her last time when i was saying
i couldn't remember that luke bomb girl
like the asian girl on her channel it
like popped up literally I'll show you
I'll tell you fucked up like like right
after I did that like shadows like oh my
god that's for me Peggy neo she has
30,000 and I'm subscribed to her and her
thumbnails are amazing and everything
and her food always looks so far as go
so she said she could quit when your
noodles Peggy meal with her knee but I
felt like I had to share that with you
guys because um
I was trying to think of it I said the
grenades but she is she's smaller moved
on over she's like um do you watch
hallmark movies I know I watch like two
moons which I would be so in the mood
for a lifetime of each night please tell
me where you got your PJs you won Vegas
what did I one date
oh look one of those were fun Victorian
speaker for those were a while ago Thank
You ceiling Mon 4,000 bars
um yeah those you know Victoria Secret
they you can ever get that is kind of
probable clothing in general like he
wears like four years ago be like where
to get it now those who are old which I
need not to be accomplished I usually
wear like new or closely because I did
get I get tired and bored of clothes
what did you forget I am a Taurus need
to give her go I have not I know for
that like a bunch I'm scared of anything
but I haven't yet in your video posted
oh did okay that's good right it was
uploading so I don't know this kind of
notification from you huh see like
walking my life drove down your 40
minutes ago and Trisha opportunity I
took Elvis why is that why your timing
because he is wrong identification the
holiday for the trapper to be down I
hope it's not hold my others inside on
my house is not hold I guess you owe me
I gosh was the funniest thing I was
watching last night and it makes me
happy I probably watched it I not
exaggerating I'm proud of watched 100
times as I saw that last night at the
Game of Thrones things experimenting
with girls but the demon throws musical
parody and by Chris Martin from Coldplay
a thread nose day and they have the cast
you know and their regular clothes doing
how much you burnt no it's singing I
think with the chairs rubbing together
if it's cold out I don't get well I am I
go no I'm going to get like bit about
your shitty I'm missing you um
Thank You Katie for the thousand bars um
yeah your nightmare element up no I
think I haven't recorded that title
songs familiar I thought it's definitely
am recording that night but thank you as
you know I love gay with room Oh
Jennifer see because otherwise yeah
anyway they were doing like they wrote
these songs for their characters so they
had a Melia Clarke singing her Daenerys
Targaryen song and they had no KITT
singing his wildly song to Rose the girl
who was plaited wildly it was just
really funny in the materia and Ramsey
and Theon it was oh and Junie Lannister
song oh my god so fucking funny he's
like he's like um are you thinking about
Joffrey he was a great lad I was his
uncle but I was also he's dead this was
like this is my first love saga and
besides it's like it was buddy and then
they got off the ride wedding dress one
wedding dead wedding dance and stuff
this is dusty I didn't have you seen it
it's so funny cold or hot pathology as
know what the guests here good potatoes
don't find their way over here this here
I'm one lucky
I noticed I've gotten some mater's but
for the most part it's usually a pretty
cool little group with that here you
should have read fit in but why music
accident would sin but that I might now
I love them so much I you know like I
said on YouTube now when you watch like
one video something they recommend you
like 5000 videos so I you do fall down
this hole which I've never fell down
before so it's a little has a happy
little community I'd like to we go to
America have our nosy I think we do
because I see on snapchat but I just
forgive my ignorance on this for real
for notes of probably a really great
cause but what is it for I know it's
like for Children's Hospital at right
really I would love to know I'm not
trying to be ignorant or Friday or
anything I am and I'm not gonna do
who's your team jeweler to a big action
part oh you know probably because of
what it was or if the pizza is common if
you're watching your life do managers do
it soon time where the heck is your keys
up
I know shy call again so like really
weird and annoying this is a weird fad
this holiday is going you just change
the collection video I feel like no I
feel such a small niche but I'm looking
kind of good right
that was my arms and he was know just
got ours with the pieces from Domino's
maybe if it ever gets here check our
numbers acts I call me and I'm gonna
call me before my lab so I was like
ought to be able place you why is not
let me I would scream it as well well
I'm doing it real quick to see what the
set
you
yeah
oh yeah we're going through you down
Thank You Melissa for 2,000 bars appear
y'all so you hear something fine
I was like oh is it busy to emigrate
busy today he's like no not really
ha ha ha
all right guys make a bad day better
ah mm mm check up with them from being a
problem with their characters yeah bring
it over here and yeah mmm yeah it does
look a little not so hot but it's not
super cold
that should be good everyone loved you
one of them to Belfast as closer to just
warm this is cancer just dive in a bar
clink you grub is that your natural hair
Rolly mm I'm intern areum finally a
Caprice I know thank you after I found
Mars are you living to share even richer
Thank You Nick strip a thousand bars did
you get wings I did not
what's the dessert surprise some guesses
do you move I'm only on here now no I'm
just
I usually do the eating shows that I've
already done in details of my life so I
feel if I did like 500 I'm in those long
time I don't look that interesting don't
bring your mouth left my jigs I want to
either I was cookie brownie now from
your body face sobriety note something
different
oh I see up let me guess trip whatever
we're about bringing them up a bit
not super hot before what's with this
whole share a coke thing what's the
point of that really confuses me
she Brian put your locker in a kitchen
oh yeah exactly seven desert you prefer
twice pack up your teeth okay you like
to know awful side a little all chicken
waffles what does almost like sponge I
know there wasn't
making merry four five her daughter's
philosophy get phenomenal I like the
fettuccine alfredo but I haven't gotten
it Riesling was a piece of words right
mm-hmm
Game of Thrones favorite season so far
I'm much into one because of Drago you
have to think ruffled a sponsor a Yui
lover I watch a video but no one talks
in a minute
next time I get 4,000 bars jump to dance
in a thousand bars I love Domino's Pizza
has a garlic like crush Oh Silva we do a
long-distance relationship um yeah I
would wife you think it would be better
for me because you have to connect and
you have to talk and listen to each
other in fact like a physical days thank
you guys enough in a thousand bars hmm
did you do any proprietary knives in
that weekend I will Cooper's equal
radius like so many clouds get to let
that guy shine absolutely someone keeps
asking a crazy thing expand has done for
you mean I'm not as crazy button this
girl me Millie from Australia sent me a
package it was so sweet Michaela to
McKinley's always make me these awesome
cool like birthday packages and stuff
and care packages she's so amazingly
please what
crazy supply thing is very sweet little
blonde young oh my god mom are you
watching is my mom in here oh my god mom
Arthur excited yes is she in here
wait so incident-- remember was a second
in the fat around junior have something
positive happen but I don't know what
happened to the performance here at Hema
Jun something on person what happens in
such a sly step it was too hard on my
coordinator realm to my own family so I
know and we obviously know more forward
system I would get your mom I wish that
my mom I wouldn't she's in the dressing
my mother's in oh hi mama Cindy took a
thousand bars Thank You Sydney mom if
you can figure out how to get on that
desk people want to talk to you because
I can do a dual split screen so I'm
gonna hug you in the chat I love you go
I know you're watching so funny
Carlos that guy took a thousand bar
Thank You Carlos edition of Roland
Dutchess legally watch ring
absolutely I'm so excited for that
what does enacting movie which oh yes
absolutely
mom if you're still in here people are
saying they miss your videos take your I
love it um die ecke can I try to call
earlier
hmm
love you sure she'd love you too stuffy
Thank You allograph it Oh huh we'll come
to that a minute I want blonde - it
doesn't my hot tub teller suspect a
smile on camera
mommy's here that is then just press of
smiling camera thank you Andy Kelly for
Al's bars
I can I can video chat with you here
this is nice and home to help her you
are easy dub I am now live I love you so
much is that real thanks Thomas eat your
cool ma I don't hold on excusing guests
now oh gee in alright mom perfect ur
only training hi wait what did you get
back on huh
what when did you get back on you now
I've been doing it for like a week where
is it mama
I wasn't used to it can you just call me
huh oh I told you I don't do today
I can't working I are having a bad day
everyone's very excited your mama's here
can you see the chatter no ha can you
see the chat are you on your phone your
computer uh why are you took my contacts
up let me see
yes what's it say I can read it I let my
own oh you're
already you I'm sorry question yeah they
come up on your knees look it's the
Tricia and mom show that one oh yeah
yeah you see em Mike my niggas fighting
me for pizza mom I do last night
come over I invited you I jolly say no
to me and Friday night traffic okay
probably I'd like to I have to come
after work without my stuff
well I have to say coming to you next
week so message them okay saying I miss
my purse you call - I miss go in the
grocery store I know you can see this
yeah you wanted you know I got nothing
else to do till I go to bed early
someone else I need to invite me over
peace either what kind of words are from
and Domino's you could order tell me how
to make it better I almost did tonight
because it's my Friday I am I come over
to you tomorrow
supposed a oh yeah you're now 57 on top
broadcasters haha yeah whatever that is
I thought what a famous I make is my mom
in here I know I was like that was fast
I don't know where I thought was on
Twitter maybe Twitter yeah like what
there'd be it to do one earlier I'm
gonna not matter
wow this is exciting that's only why
should you see you oh my god knobblies
me from all of mine yeah well I'm a dad
on a Saturday night I'm in for the night
me too I'm gonna work out after this um
yeah yeah browse them was real it by
each other we could work out together
but you shall finally letting them all
when we're out somebody told me today I
look like some Bond girl what was it
lager bomb a Bond girl James Bond old
one they're all now
who oh I don't know someone's I did mama
is a boss in my wife yeah
block hammer boss yeah I'm the boss of
me okay
someone said they loved our TV show
together oh I know thanks to shimmer
doesn't invite me ever again I guess it
would not never
I might I'm not kidding you want to do
it well you already did some everybody
knows what you like someone said oh no
I've done it before I've been to before
someone said you look like uma Thurman
Oh Goldie Hawn some of them I just saw I
saw that I took my glasses well I can't
read it
oh please please feed your mama thank
you but I didn't meet your mom crying
Peter and you should move closer to your
mama's right Malorie uh-huh a do-si-do
be same I know I'm gonna go over I said
I could I'd rather move close to you I'm
getting out of here I say no I do not
like it here in Hollywood right
she could be my boss some of them does
anyone have any hot single people for me
and my mother because this is our second
time and somebody who don't she just one
person to spend the time wrap and it has
that but you guys know anybody someone
asked if I was really long-distance
relationship I don't know he were on for
that and I was like honestly I was
because actually you have to talk about
it's a physical thing like you'd have to
talk and exactly buddy and I care about
somebody like out here people don't want
to get to know you and care about you
they just are everyone explodable I know
we like you and we're probably not what
are you supposed to talk to you people
no no we did not do mmm I use excited
you right here I put on your now Parag
an hour I was like oh yeah yeah oh look
what I got everybody what is that gonna
stick like them to summer sense why
plentyoffish
I'm like old people like your eyes and
young I think they're old people who I
don't know and that you know why Beach I
don't wonder because it's free and
anybody
can get on there so you don't get like
serious or whatever on ask you watch
different videos should I watch him yes
sometimes they make me I don't I don't
want to be up it makes me dressed why
especially when you cry another here's
my heart so I don't like oh yeah well
don't mind his own but you my friend of
young Gerald right I don't I mean if
there are you goes I would die for those
Cinna Stix right now I mean is my form
up and down Oh y'all Nora
where did let's do a cookie video
together I know there's never I fired me
what's your new video commands I saw
what is it there you go that's trying
one huh did you do another crying video
hey no is that your new video
yeah as I try to call you I wasn't
really up on this morning I want to
called you I knew at work but I just
like what was it about well I'll call
you later to tell you about that oh I
thought was about the video okay I had a
rough morning so a visa can't give me a
hand sure you don't want everybody know
well you know that family's up I said I
share with family things I see okay not
you know did you get a phone call not
from not from the person okay
but I'll tell you about it it wasn't uh
well long ago and I try was cooking a
nap and FaceTime me and then I thought
all I took your on a live show but I
feel I was feeling but you didn't talk
to anybody no well I did but not the
person okay I know I'll find you felt
like that was welcome so I was like Sam
buddy think it's do it I moved jebin to
number 56 positions but you know I like
to take it with me but classes someone
evens every month and there's around
videos I thought I wouldn't know how to
do her edit them anymore
we know maybe Blenheim where Oakland
please parathas 4x
oh I heard that one know some unknowing
it when you get off here then I'll
remember it
it was Juliet Christy it was the other
Bond girl Colonel her oh they're talking
about Maga know what that means
I'm sure somebody's guessing it no Britt
Ekland with Peter Sellers is something
that's not about the virus cure sir
where's the bars love that oh no no it's
like a little step there cooking you oh
so many ways if I have a huge reptile
yes and it's a taxidermied one no such
massive southern belle oh the lizard
riding if you have a relationship with
her dad it's her dad I mean relationship
with him yes we go out for breakfast one
so we go I feel you kidding say hi
whenever they're together in the same
place always like the most Awkward
segment no one's at hi sister one might
want a singles I seen him huh when he's
not with your he's more friendlier one
has 125 years Oh
how old are you since we had 28 years
now
Hey Oh my parents hate each other that
self-centered kg0 5:03
I know that's really really sad I fun
girls going to make her own statistics
right ha ha ha you have to make people
huh guys mommy says sometimes one of you
likes to stepmom and no your dad never
cheated on me no um
uh-huh what do you think a lot of people
on here well you're acting pretty good
at it you might read the Cotton's better
than I do
well everybody's hungry now I'm gonna
have to get up and get something am i
dating now
no who are you gay people I'm not dating
anybody I've been sick like for a month
right
what you've been going through okay I
don't know yeah
Lyndsey Vicky took a thousand bars plum
what is that you wanna thank you for
being on your boring life all right you
know I should probably do that
hey I'm very proud of you for um
figuring out how to guess how many some
reason what you guys told me I wish I
could hear you somebody said the smiley
camera oh my oh my kid dad that was
awesome that was pretty smart of the
person who helped me I heard you figured
it out I didn't know they're talking
about they don't see if there's somebody
for to guess I'm like okay that's so
funny it's funny someone on Leno you are
so sweet and beautiful you keep that
work liner and wear that worship know
someone did meet with it on you at work
Oh sometimes very professional I could
spend it on my work week nails I started
off with a full set like my thumb mmm
they all came out yeah I just probably
find somebody else
he looks awful yeah so I thought my
injury for about a month until I do my
thing at the end of dinner next month
yeah so true um and when I
everybody wanted fortunes I bet they
knew that yeah all right mm-hmm
you just you look like your mom or yes
they are twins well
I don't think so I might lure with your
mom up did you all her to hear what my
mother loved that I think I almost
spilled my water okay okay I'm going I'm
going out the hobbit right now hell I
don't happens in that I'm going to stop
having alcohol because I gain weight I I
mean we obviously I'm the one I Inayat
something out laughter a week well so
I've been sick I just stay home and he's
doing okay their hair under okay mama
huh someone's in hot mama
oh so lazy mama you look great one of
you both have perfect bodies Oh number
said Lana did you ever retire would I
retire I would if I could find an idea I
need somebody right there I'm just gonna
put it out there you know that I can
retire otherwise I get like what eight
years to go eight years 65 seven know
what might happen he's retiring in like
a year well he got money and and rental
property what am i I have four income
coming in wait wait but what does it
matter when you're 60 by were they
automatically giving you money ahead age
well I get more money than at 62 just
Social Security all right report to loom
what's been $200 ranch some said they're
in the sugar daddy site Lana it's kind
of kooky though like they'll want some
58 year old woman they want the young
girls right MA yes it was
I always have being a CEO for
conditional Malwa is married to Lisa
Bonet and was like in her 50 oh hey I
think I've got the skinny cam on I just
got skinny
what I think I got the skinny cam on it
like narrowed me Wow why that would you
do I look like
fifty fellas would you haha because I
see green either got whiter
no I think you're on grub okay well I
had to give up something other than
alcohol so I had to take up some no I
quit out pause I had to take up
something else
what is that
you said drugs but oh this is my cancer
trilogy
okay I'm gonna sad and depressing show
one oh no no huh I wonder you on here
for I could offer an hour implement okay
how long do you stay on hell I'm I don't
know so I happen on the bathroom usually
usually when I go about how welcoming
show yeah well permeated I wouldn't you
get away guys I ate uh what are here
today um uh orange chicken from TCC
factory Thank You Meera at the bass bars
good work because we're friends with our
here right now wanna be like you ah what
are you doing i anything this is it
salad from Taco Bell oh you can talk
about any show I'm drinking this instead
of my Jack and Coke oh good and it's
belly code apparently maybe hopefully
get up and walk on the beach or
something I got to get outside and clear
like a hermit lately I only I just think
I'm pretty out on some guys that'll
really impress asleep I think it's that
I haven't left my house and I need to do
more stuff like Sweeney is you a dinner
down in we did a couple weeks ago I like
that so yeah I'll coordinate with you
and cam okay here we can white well I
should probably let you get off on this
by yourself but I don't know how to get
off like no I'm gonna I want to FaceTime
I'm going to preach I'm you no no no I'm
like that I just it was cool and happy
long here at DISA
do more vlog of mom and my first test
today you are I had gotten other people
but today you are my first and I kind of
find you on my own hey I thought you
over there I was like is my mom Emma
Street it was best to get on the abdomen
that mo okay
I don't read everything like those
comments it go by you do or you know are
you don't I saw because I go by so fast
yeah this is pretty relatively slow but
sometimes you we had we had eleven
thousand total in here right now we have
a lot of thousands join me 11,000 to
start yeah no not to start like just
they come in they come out because I've
been on an hour in 15 minutes so people
come in and out oh wow yeah oh you know
you come on you gotta be on until you're
someone said wait what do you say absent
well will be I'm some said thoughts some
of the money to make videos again I
should I know but nope
yeah someone's at a live drinking shell
Ramon not drinking anymore so no I need
to give it up you want to lose okay it's
not good house and that good for my body
- some are said to you broadcast
Glenna no this is it one only this looks
I'm so glad to see good when you like is
that work and then like your motto hi
this is professor fix of it don't what
you're like parent comes in as you at
work it's like alright I love it um
thank you money huh commie near them you
okay you I'm gonna call you right after
this
alright guys well we are probably going
to go unless you want to stay on longer
roughly time you ass or if you're around
what I'm gonna shine I leave when you
leave okay
this is miles of stay on um Tricia and
Lana's vacation in Ireland and I hop on
in well I wasn't I wanted to go to
Ireland sign up for the shoot Game of
Thrones oh oh
well there you go remote huh will you
get in the background that'd be cool
like I knew in napkin and we would like
stand out with our hair let me focus it
I wanna um all right Thank You Ric for a
thousand bars this has been a vacation
Australia we want a vacation in Mexico
Vegas and Bora Bora those are our three
destination before the year is over no
no I need to get away
museum so when I but have a cocktail
then I'll start drinking again
although like don't drink until we get
to like Mexico Bora Bora and Vegas and
then yeah we're it's all-inclusive and
then they just and have your little
dress-up anyway though mm-hmm okay
thousand bars all right
why my face time you ran out of it so I
love the way so much please thanks for
watching our live show
thank you mom for being my guest by Dane
County Alabama zoos you guys okay bye
Trish bye
all right thanks guys I'm going for my
mom soon and it was fun so uh I love
guys
