hey what's up welcome back to mega
driving with Trish so I just like this
impromptu McClung today I was like
literally going to do a little club but
it have a little snap it's turned into
like a full-blown like 40 minute
conversation with you guys in are like
fuck this and was for the comment main
channel as it was long cuz there was a
lot how to say and like things that
passion due to hearing there happens to
be people who keep pumping it's a
weirdest Akita anyways I was like I'm
going to stop my channel so this is the
start ups a flop welcome to the vlog
welcome to your vlog funny how do you
watch like 30 reasons why didn't get
like so into it and usually totally
forget about it
so Matthew the other day on a you know
like who's your favorite Sarah turtle
she's trying to think like a human or
any of the characters not that it wasn't
a memorable shit I mean I guess it was a
memorable it was a good show just kind
of I'm ready this is like the weirdest
snacking I had a good Skype call by the
way kids watch the live show on a half
side Paul and I went really really well
I'm so excited so that's actually
happening midge live it isn't know about
to like august-september episodes if
you're gonna know that I should buy
before you know one that but you'll
probably like behind the scenes of what
I'm doing for that mid-july cuz um it's
a really exciting I'm all about I'm so
sad like I don't even like to have
anything even if I can talk about it
because I don't like to jinx anything
I don't like anything to fall through I
mean that's top and I talk about
something and then it's also brought up
reason so I would it was I'm absolutely
loving your injection
there is this girl's like literally
follow up I won't tell her I going up
like super creepy
I guess not I can maybe do more kazooie
don't say something I had someone like
recognizing me and like email me after
saying they knew me I'm gonna get it you
don't wanna come across like weird I
don't know we'll see the Bible because I
turned it up anyways I already had my
lips done so it was like a creepy vibe
then I won't go back but you know my lip
girl um lip women have I love so much I
loved wishes my lips they're really a
reasonable and affordable down at
cosmetic care she just got married
that bitch managing to get marriage
thing on my mood for like two weeks or
something so I really wanted mine done
no I was not redone since January my mom
is trying to argue me up but now since
my sister's birthday and um
so I just really want to get round as
June I was born like every a few months
now I'm looking now high and they don't
look like I mean they look they look
good but right top of especially I just
want polar what's the thing the things
I'm doing coming up I want to have nice
lips but seriously I love inflated lips
with work isn't done in there nice and
full and I love that look um was it
known as a lot and I when they tone down
like after a month
it's like perfect in the sense that
people don't look at you in to make oh
my god you're a freak your fucking lips
bitch I love that look I like the look
of like oh my god you're a freak your
fucking lips what I do understand like
when it's oh my god that looks like I'm
turning into Braille guys what I do
anyway is like play around um so anyways
Buffalo's old alive I'm sorry but I'm
very bling today because I have like a
juicy I'll show you guys now I'm going
to pop it on my hair I was crazy when we
go have a Juicy Couture tank top from
Urban Outfitters with my Rihanna Puma
pantry so that are so fucking two corner
they're now driving my thank you my
going out people literally just staring
because us blah then what's all going to
vlog my Jew again mmm humble brag no
just kidding again I'm like I don't know
when my car was let's make love it
and turn to think I don't even know good
enough it's been a while
I feel like a week since I drove eggs
girl stop over in I'm getting out of
your house more oh yeah nothing doing I
was in jams there's some crazy traffic
on Wilshire AMISOM toastiness books I
see your eyebrows done the artists going
that looks not straight out of a
nineties moving as if you're such a
fucking a loser
alpha a loser why don't you guys stop
see you guys soon little commandant into
the real have hand signal all the way
down so really cool
Jane idea ii told you
because people's income as I look crazy
I was numbing cream on not happening
older ladies of a huge us about them we
did it with no no very or no one does my
ice maker no your cream because there
she is I'm looking beautiful right don't
wait for the world to see very oh my
gosh you is look at her so thanks
alright
but look at these lips like high lips
she is reshaping them I am like so
excited like I do love the girl I've
gone through so long and has not Carol I
love her she's so sweet and doesn't
looks good but this girl I was inside
the receptionist was so sweet she was
like so sweet she's known Tiffany's her
name she's known to me for so long now I
told Tiffany I was like total fan girl
Robin following his advices some
Playboy's and you know everything she is
she is so talented though so I haven't
told her I was like girl like when I
remember back in my face when you were
going to school for this I have like she
would post pictures and never think you
should either finish or even be good at
it but she is so freaking good
her lips herself in the lip she does on
Instagram are freaking phenomenal so
she's reshaping mime she's done dissolve
okay so everyone has said this for so
long and I've noticed it too but it
didn't bother me because I had a nice
big lips which is going to dissolve this
top part where people call it a mustache
or like it's like overfilled or it's
like you know I mean like a goat like
because she pushes up the lip when she
injects it injects it but still not I'm
sorry so she's gonna Saturday I'm going
backstage Wednesday senator was after
she's going to dissolve this top part
yeah oh they look so good
children have a syringe in because I had
a little bit in there so she washed me
I'm fighting against clubs already in
there oh my god they give you like these
little gift bags beauty right Tiffany
sunglasses nice wash gave me in my
little like lip carrots okay look at the
bag scooter so cute I'm a pastoral whole
office is like my Starbucks cup it's
literally just winked out I'm upset with
her I like literally I remember like
watching The Cribs episode of the
Playboy Mansion
I remember watching her she had a cute
little pink like two-piece juicy
tracksuit I'm like a little monkey and
her big blonde here I just remember
thinking she was so cute
and she is so nice oh my god we just got
along so great I'm like so happy her
name is beauty by Tiffany on Instagram
I'm sure I'll have the picture by the
time to slow goes up I wanna moving on
so I wasn't doing my head in my books no
to pop yet her name and amazing beauty
by Tiffany RN like crazy she's amazing
she's fabulous and gorgeous and
beautiful and she's like you know come
back in a couple of weeks I'm going to
work on reshaping your lip because I
love her shape I like you know I mean
like I didn't know you two like reshape
your lips because I always thought that
mustache that people like would make on
before like that go to club was just
because I didn't have a lot of lips for
the injection but I didn't really care
for my deformed as much as an injection
I could get my face but she's like no
you can like reshape your lip your face
your let basically shouldn't pushed it
up so I am like oh my I'm going to be
feeling myself so much my makeup on I'm
going to be feeling myself so much if
I'm not already but it was great and
she's in Beverly Hills the receptionist
is a beautiful amazing Oh have some fun
anyways um that was me outing for the
day I'm not really doing anything else
you need to more office I like work out
and
do eyebrows done it like that and like
it make a long time bad eyes I'm not
gonna do something I don't know what I'm
going to be doing I'm gonna be doing
something even taking myself out to
dinner and drinks but I'm like I've seen
get out of house more but right let's
just it and they dinner her I mean they
put numbing cream on me but like I said
the lady before me when it was nice and
to me said like she's like almost people
just like you eyes on their lips tiny
fucking omics nothing mummy group
numbing green and I'm glad I got it them
alright y'all so this may be it for my
day I don't know about do anything else
exciting or not exciting every blog
lately have been not exciting but here
seem to like I'm stuck school but I keep
posting more
but I love you guys so much I will see
you with us today takes us maybe
somewhere exciting
hopefully not probably in my pajamas so
I think you know OTD for Instagram I
thought why not show you guys my solo
Tiki on the vlog y'all jealousy
so these hands are my right ulna we're
gonna Rihanna plume of handsome urban
glasses are Miu Miu chokers hot Miami
styles earring spree people watch
Michael Kors ringing some cheap ass ring
Juicy Couture tube-top Urban Outfitters
Rihanna Puma plenty pants Urban
Outfitters I love the color too thick
just brown like kind of young and I'm so
worked up he shoes I want to take naps
gal but those were a long time ago so my
kitties like ice dogs chicken like this
time from limited-edition gotta buy it
with no chai on um I hope some to my
lips I posted to Instagram and I was
like they don't look natural like this
bitch what show me a body part nails
lips Botox hair color bleach boobs but
relly arm that is natural spray tan is
fake all over my body so point being
there is no natural there's no such
thing as natural beauty getting I don't
like to look like it's my love seems
like if you're trying to go for a sex
doll look you did great and I was it
honestly honestly it's what I'm going
for and I feel like I look good I'm up
first
oh so much for this bottom line if
someone is happy with the way they look
and they're obviously posting pictures
to show that they're happy with the way
they look but then was there lies if you
don't like it you don't need a comment
if you liked it leave a comment you know
what I mean like telling them alive
y'all okay what do you think of my new
lips I decided you're going to live this
is a picture and question y'all this is
ridiculous this is crazy
expose is 19 minutes ago and have 200
into comments like really and they're
all like hate comments obviously but
like 200 hate comments I love each other
you don't look good like it's so crazy
what I like that one people care so much
too much you look like white brats doll
they're going to burst
it's like this goes to show more you
can't buy happiness like I said for
those like defending me and be like you
do girl like I may not like them but you
do you I love you guys like I love you
okay anything wishes I got these I might
succeed and I might do a livestream but
I haven't do some stuff on the computer
free stuff okay I'm going to be able to
open that machine blocks to I'm going to
human unbox it for you guys I was going
to like an unboxing but it's like an old
old blocks from eight months ago so
every night we relevant I need to do on
this channel
no don't care right I'll do it I'll do
that guys I'll be I'll make this law a
little more interesting
all right you guys 345 comments it's not
focused hi 345 comments question 42
minutes ago it's like so crazy like I
never get this many comments he look
like a baboon's ass what are you doing I
just want empowering how she literally
gives no fucks I love it I don't you
change them watch my lips just bitch
tell me I could start leaking
those aren't nice oh this one as long as
you're happy thank you oh we got Frenchy
mortgage from Raqqa blob so funny but
like look at that right through no 45
compared to like this just like a normal
picture 182 comments posted a day though
here are my goodie bags I'm going to
actually do an unboxing of this and my
pushing box together but I'm a little
things little greasy so I'm going to get
some oil wipe lot my face down already
little little unboxing free lying on a
box all the lips goodies on boxia on my
main channel because I just felt like it
was could be pretty informative
and I mean I don't know I'm going back
and forth so much as I mention on my
blog so anyway I decided to keep the
pusheen unboxing for you guys you guys
must use my lip video more in depth
about it and I mean pretty much probably
so the same thing that's on here so
anyways or if you want to see what was
in the bags and stuff like that it's
pretty nice
so my channel I'm sorry I don't insist
pushing unboxing it's not going to be
like I guess if this was a box with a
couple months ago that I recently just
found so it's a quarterly box I feel I'm
somehow getting one a new one soon but
this is Sookie Oh as a sole character
I'm hopefully I'm saying machine right
so if there's no other way say it up
so cute I like the guy this is it what
is something I got to show somebody this
is everything um a Instagram yeah if
you're not a tripod and angle it more
for you but you know what is limited the
first thing is this shirt you do fill up
the side and you wear so I got a large
and this is cute this is like all my
little Hospital shirt it's really really
cute and I actually so wear this my nest
adjustable it was a hot Ally as I worn
this like I'm a little like two topping
out them I was in the blog channel you
guys have seen it oh my god what is this
like never-ending box there's like so
much stuff you have AF pusheen wireless
wireless speaker like hope for compute
is that I love that it's all at the same
color scheme to loosen what is this hi
I'm pushing the cap what is pushing from
I saw Landa three one four zero nine I
think I feel a bunch of numbers in her
name so crazy she didn't want to give
away my year than years and years and
years ago for Urban Decay pot I know
you're not just really super into me and
I watch her all the time
f I heard of this box the final say here
Justin so yeah well I mean obviously as
you guys can tell I have a bunch in it
Mac so this will fit in just great at my
house
love that garbage okay I just see this
Oh muffin it's like I'm so excited so I
have like a little utensil and then
event.kill lunchbox which I'm obsessed
even ordered one from in Rio
these are just the cutest little thing
for your lingual Massachusetts not much
snacker huh cute love that's a storm
moving on specific item looks as a
selfie stick the packaging is so
freaking cute I'm dying a count with us
right now
Oh what my gosh so it works or how was
it selfie stick oh yes for all oh my god
it looks like really clever so I'm like
kind of like living um
I can't love that little balloons party
balloon so I love it
this is a party pop come on Photo Booth
props just like a party okay I get it
I have a party of one and then it tenant
dinner like a little place you know just
for like you know some girl needs this
so much huh
oh why I never open it if it's a little
like bureau dinner right yeah bottle
owner oh my god I'm so oh so girly right
like you have a bureau so much like hey
a bottle opener bitch I got one right
here and it's not a fishing cap I die
this is everything and more I'm so
excited about this box I wish I had a
coupon code for you guys something just
as hash tag not spawn
I love boxes I truly do like fat when I
truly look so much like I use alder tree
all the time but the Tigers con is
really cool that's of a nickelodeon box
I wanna try out so anyways that was my
unboxing I got a few more things I gotta
catch up on and then do a rock show I
just do what I order the wrong size
you're my mom sure I was vlogging when
you face I mean we are talking my sister
sent me a picture of her Anna Kim / -
family text job yes I did look at those
eyelashes sentence and those eyebrows
had crews oh no we love the wait I'm
gonna talk to my sister so I'll talk to
you guys
