mommy Paris okay
what nothing oh right like a Jewish whoa
awesome oh my god my hair looks crazy
today but it's no mm-hmm there's just no
good lighting for this hair hey guys I
am about to eat a big bowl of pasta and
I'm going live so if you want to come
say hi and chat with me in my last show
uh just whatever work Oh wipe it on up
Oh No undo
Oh Lincoln I don't anyone actually comes
from Instagram
oh nice of someone who needs me this is
better than the light on Instagram who I
was looking a rough which is slightly
real-life lighting hey guys I ordered
but let's be picked up
thank you everyone hi we're here early
today grandpa I'm in the comics night
I'm like starving this morning some joke
it's gonna be a minute before the pasta
gets here
cut it off when I'll do that off the top
snap snap on me ma means ruffles no tips
your channel is little a plate I would
have enough I was on one last night on a
good way I was feeling up I cut the tops
of egg shoe whoa button cuz I'm not the
only one why are you interested a TV
last night
I don't know Cheney that's a realtor
some mountain or Z is Sonnen why about
15 minutes return with little appetizer
let's early some of our deer hair just
waking up what I drink a lot last night
I didn't
oh I returned it you know right with you
guys so last time I ate was that like
just to plot my time I drank a lot so
you still removable to check with yeah
but look we're all puts out I hate all
those you can never got this way I just
have to double checks out we have a
collab with Eugenia machine California I
love her mom sometimes I remember your
first exam with kiss with ruffles in
cupcakes
there's a little throwback that why
everything ng now bitch and then I get
ready with me is my let's move it out
girl you need a vault love Ellen huh of
the restaurant open that means it smart
eating I haven't seen you in forever
girl how are you these days these days
I'm glad just livin livin life literally
in love with you as long as I don't know
why
honestly I'm in love with him too
where's your been talking about Menendez
brothers movies coming off tomorrow I
want to book this sooner
I always other videos too question can
you give me $1,000 I'll have thousand
dollars people email me I'm dressing all
hacker like I remember $1000 like $10
dollars make it I don't have that mind
just like to give and if I do or did I
would give it to my family does they
work their asses off not I don't to help
you guys but I just imagine like DMing
like who - damn I don't know like I
don't know I don't know like if you're
comparison but like a random Horseman I
mean like hey can I have $20 mm-hmm
sometimes whatever side Game of Thrones
are you on and I thought they meant like
when do I come in on a show like wait am
I on is rose giggy's really busy right
now champ nutshell traveling the world
I'm here eating waffles and real work
but knees begging boy actually listed
the Fendi bag on my Poshmark huh I found
a fool dealership so are a lot offers
from saggy bag but I thought last
message be easier I'm going to see how
are known I weren't asking for it invite
friends
my god how do i glazed people turn on a
fan mail so chat how do I get up what
happened last night
Jon Oliva no honestly where's the fuckin
PD it's coming y'all actually was on
here let's see
I'm hungry we're at q ym be like another
10 minutes 40 minutes head hook is
really being chauffeured a full walk on
this is lag lag that and in common hmm
live in an stereo and refrigerated
reference for y'all let's talk to your
favorite food everything a lot of happy
lately but flies eat them but I got
pasta like I want breadsticks um I love
rice and so they fill me up too much as
I'm eating potato chips from who poor
right meal favorite kind of tip later
have the melting ruffles but I love our
new house meal starting an onion don't
you I like salt vinegar did you all seem
so that little girl named flame singing
my hot water America back not you keep
age it's fucking raining
there's no elbows inhale out though it
always picks up and alive hold it over
tip
oh he wouldn't move on as an idiom I
love people you should you redo your
Christmas you're doing it I'm doing it
doing it out ask me how I'm feeling
Whitley neutral not happy not bad Wow
I'll go to my food mmm still not on his
leg this is though Michelle I'm filling
this time for big on clash mark I've
never used it let me send you one I
never used it I've never used a bag
sounds like I'm never going to use them
have that for like six years I have a
tongue board break for like five years
well start listing clothes and stuff too
because I'm not trying to be bored in my
life or to someone I love your local
sink pond off or the 555 sorry I haven't
even looking down there they are sawing
off chicken fingers from my clothes
silence I love salad with your posh URL
how do I find that is people asking you
I have no idea Oh axe force p88 the
brightness up send you guys a trippy a
oh I don't know asking Salahi 20 black
if I like law leadership I know I'm
stuff of your son oh yeah mm-hmm
gotta have him at week why are you feel
so early thank you for the hundred by
Dorothea Lange you think your work
Warhol to put your interesting question
the other workers YouTube and social
media yeah I never turn off it never but
I love so much that even if it wasn't my
job I would still be doing it so you
guys are workaholics whatever you doing
it either wasn't worked for say it yeah
for a big part a restaurant I love to
exude knowledge
well that forever um I love capital girl
in Orange County you ever ridden it was
not that long time I drama lately them I
know this is big me you not becoming I'm
gonna go look real quick to see where
the post made in today
it's still being prepared y'all go back
so I keep saying ten minutes ten minutes
but you know it's coming though
and then a little glorious when it
happens maybe a selfie made so ii really
did just get me sick after a while and I
can't begin to the earth so and I just
think she'll go - France goes to a trip
whoo-chow
or are you - yeah hmm it's really her
there's me yeah Elodie was our character
right now
how you doing I'm good how are you sure
okay thank you for this if you like
who's yours soon I'm so happy
Tom thanks rain you make me happy - we
don't ask - we're home I bought a
proposed in a while I've been watching
Greg right I don't watch that show
favorite type of foreign person probably
British cousin watching Game of Thrones
I like to go first
accents now which gender guy were
talking about Turner rings don't know
remember we talked on the phone you want
to remind me of our conversation I
probably do I don't forget anything he's
asking for two years with them I what I
find you have so many technical issues
myself so I honestly feel so bad I have
a something weird like guilty conscience
I feel so bad I couldn't like talk to
worship who those connections so I
download this app just for you Thank You
Caroline orator 69 thank you basic Juan
four to five hundred bars I don't think
your breaks it down and now it is basic
one is in a born fan well
classy on openness knees just petting on
that um flaming hot ruffle oh no babe
uh-huh
I found too much how are you I can you
know I love it
no suit I have a quite a seat doesn't
hurt you I'm kind of busy so I don't
know I love it I just kind of grapes I
don't have much going on right now so
it's kind of nice I mean I like it
anyways where everything like I like to
spend my time I like to sit down and
chat I don't like to see the K I'm
you're gonna die you know did you watch
the rice comes please track well he had
a lot of them doesn't mean I feel like
I've seen a couple of his just track um
swim passion as the boss is apt to see
you do with long stick to papers that
Thank You jail for a thousand bars and
thank you was sorry one two three for
the falafel what's down point girl
thanks I'm actually getting a little bit
of them dissolved appear tomorrow
Oh sore mine thank you for the five
thousand bars and extra X is text number
five thousand bars
oh and candy ring we what all of my
thousand bars come up that one oh and
three I'm so confused Lisa Evan er thank
you and thank you enemy for the thousand
bars why do they all come at one with
reading spam with gold bars I don't hate
it out
um can you visit Brooklyn one day I'm
gonna have any Brooklyn okay I don't
know you guys know more them usually
images quickly chair just stays once you
itch it just stays where it lands um now
my orders picked up if I'm going to give
this guy a directions
left at least we made progress
um well wasn't math ah someone who knew
Oh anyway his little Asian barometers at
Calais oh my god so fucking guts her
parents named her Celine and her sister
diem I'm so funny it's on the Americas
reptile YouTube right now I'm so funny
anyone on the UK right now
Lori's anyone dissolving your lips
the part that overflows up here for my
previous lesson gesture we're dissolving
that so they're more like this um I'm
brush Oh understand I so I did know you
had lipstick battle over there that's
why I asked Dave Williams that Azim the
guy from your Britain's Got Talent Show
on sexy down is he single
anyone know him music I love that a
Micah's adding French person no Dave
Williams in real life immense name I
feel I get on the nose name he's so hot
who are getting day Williams Britain's
on health if you go home he's married oh
okay but what do you want to date me
need a girlfriend
mmm your wife it'll give a well-run um
to go leave is Mary fuck me so much um
I'm sure he would hook up with you with
you babe okay we'll hook it up for me I
love British people house and Barcelona
with well thank you for the applause
it's cojolya
oh thank you for the 50 bars Taylor I
really want me closely
I'm gonna camp on where we entering door
with Jenna hurt you chatter yeah I need
a little like what I do have no where's
Matt
and I am home
oh the night what's the worse it occurs
babies a better response a solo and good
night roll all engines little words like
right before that I give up mm-hmm
just know the band the higher when I
surf retail they always play to higher
let's keep your hands high let's see the
hands up
and then I bet it doesn't run up the
thumb so anyone in across the room there
you know what to do did it get me in the
mood let's burn stuffy cow straight into
the ground with our dirty looks and
glances on here's my house and you rock
you rock you drop you and make you want
it mom Ksenia sub button and look at
means I don't know why I have sub button
um I guess no one knows who the higher I
think they were like a big bag a little
bit pitchy why are we starting um let go
just like the hurt you gotta get in
again oh I do not know those words I
would exams uh just like a dumb you try
to incinerate all right just likes to
hurt you sighs you get it again yeah so
far bra on you I'm like we can flare but
another burning on just like a mad you
old I forgot just try to incinerate
every sense strike to incinerate the leg
of everyone you know a such a harsh
honesty and what's the worst you can
from Patti Hart you break up so hard and
like to play Tuesday
well I behold there in the home tonight
I know this is the word I love a song
for so long interview I'm a big panic at
the disco p.m. i chime in with a haven't
you people ever heard of closing the
goddamn door no it's much better I'm
sitting on my ruffles I'm gonna stop
with the singing bought me an assignment
noon yet ten minutes to noon which I was
doing what did he get
we have 11 minutes until noon probably
10 will which would be here in 10
minutes
I was sure to clean these right yes
manic up in ask Oh Jupiter Jack Johnson
so when I in a jet console video was it
a junior Johnson video I wasn't a music
video about Matthew McConaughey drafted
I want to say was it Jack Johnson or is
he like too popular
it's going that popular magic on here
was directed I'm real excited about it
I think it's all playing a part plan I
know how Jamie Johnson may be um where
did you come from
oh where did you order from I ordered
from which we guess that's a I gave ah
say hi a Hellena hi oh and I just played
your song welcome to The Black Parade
bitch kidding you're not that you're a
very lovely person I'm sorry whatever
it's dark
no I don't feel like sobs thank you
jacking for some right I don't I really
like dogs I do think you're cute now I
use like describe dog a bit of a scare
me I had a traumatic attack of dogs I
was younger so I'm not that person
sadness I love job I can never want I
barely hear myself and definitely what
I'll be wanting to take care of an
animal you like songs and John from The
Game of Thrones from game shows ah yeah
love them so much
stop on tiene I'd never look at me Thank
You agile Anita for the sidebar I have
like wrong thoughts about her I like her
and she seems very sweet who's texted
she's like randomly picked me up
sometimes like like she look like she's
live with her life and she always wished
in French I was like laughing and shit
and I thought I do follow her on
snapchat so so cool you're sure thinking
about some chicken fingers
my favorite thank you Tom you may know
you're always here I told one I pick
y'all up lunch there's a very amazing
people raising eyebrows mascara about
that so hey Missy hey Missy advice for
dealing with judgmental bitch but I know
fuckin with your YouTube video bought it
I've no idea
rejection is the words I've been getting
rejected so much lately it's like the
headspace and like healing your energy
attracts whatever I might energy lately
has been weird it's been weird I don't
feel super down or anything it's just in
a weird ass energy when I'm dizzy and I
actually going on I attract like cool
often people but lately I've been
watching Game of Thrones in any food
every five hours so I don't know what
that's attracting this hair though
what's the worst thing you could think
of done is done don't want to be an
American Idiot this is supposed to be so
emo chain one is in control by the media
yeah Fama's
Syria is calling out in yet America
what do i do guys attention all across
the area Titian another thing is meant
to suit your market Blair shoes on -
okay thank you is down for the thousand
bars I'm not you're hanging resume right
welcome to the news I'm
well maybe I'm the faggot America I'm
not part of a redneck agenda
now everyone reduce propaganda and sing
along to the age of paranoia welcome to
our new constant
turn the look about the gentleman a
whole lot of it up meant to be okay I
love it
um so what do you think of the earth
being flat journey um I won't even ask
me what position ass it was obviously
like just for whatever I don't know him
ice literally don't know in those
languages always don't know him we don't
talk there's nothing going on I don't
get nasty diagonal do you believe in
evolution yeah I you know I couldn't
know I was in genetics major thank you
can is 2,000 bars when I was in college
briefly I wanted to major in genetics um
and uh we thought I really really loved
science which is crazy tonight yeah I'm
a very strong Christian so science in
Christianity too early have obviously
they all have any I'd I they're very
opposing views um okay does anyone ever
see movie God's not dead I saw it in
theaters i watch it again the other day
we watch last night too which was a good
movie but where is its frickin food oh
um I love God my dad I should get a
guy's not that sure it is such a good
movie I'm gonna live right now that's
not good he surely love me and I'm like
a kind
and you'll be dumping this one my dad's
not dead he's surely alive he's living
on the inside I knew that part I'm
Michael I'm good
one room looking clear different enough
things we just want to keep looking up
weird keep all the problems appropriate
we even want a reader in here what
happened
does it get block block of moderator I
don't even have black people and
although the moderator oh she's calling
my name Thank You moderator thank you
hi I love it really a moderators during
the day why do I not have moderators and
I've never seen a moderator and I love
it and how do i do moderator Chris would
be the best I've ever just to moderate
people live shows love I love how well
you know this when you add Martinez
kneeling he just like what whatever
choice you have thank you did you
tomorrow for the thousand bars up Dan
slash go back to update videos on him
it's a trippy a story to Michael fingers
and chicken is that your album coming
out mmm-hmm
mad love you too position that is you
press I think you mod yes
I'd be a moderator thanks I'm so fishy
what did you order to fader is the
specific memory fair in some class there
a minute okay pass this is noon unlike
water is so antsy for oppose me just
keep checking cute a shirt safe y'all
you can get this shirt at you saw such
as autonomous super comfy and cozy I
really do love this bread shirt I'm sure
Thank You Elizabeth Civic as bars
where's closet is common I really really
want it
really want to eat hmm
God's not dead he's surely laughs how
would you're pushing back over the
amazing that's coming up in the vlog
tomorrow but I have some of the stuff
right here I got a bottle opener and I
got this little securely and I got a
really cute shirt no pusheen what a
steamer terms about it's so funny today
I always wonder the same face which I
wasn't suppose to terrible zones awful
it takes place in the medieval era it is
basically a game first welcome IRA girl
uh um the King falls the king that was a
king forever of the Seven Kingdoms guys
phenom boiler if it was like forever ago
and so basically I'm not gonna tell you
anything else you guys but Thank You
Sophie for those letters but basically
all the kingdoms and the different
houses battle for the Iron Throne
throughout this series and I think it's
this is the last this is philosophy then
do we know guys I feel like this is last
season the one coming up on July so I
think we will get a winner which I
believe the books aren't even caught up
to the show so like no one knows the
outcome because you could read the books
before so you kind of knew what was
happening like the red wedding and
everything that like was in the book so
you knew that was coming but I don't
think we know Oh second to last season I
feel like I would be really good on came
with Rome I mean I look nothing like any
those people they missed a ton of scars
on my boobies because they're always
naked and those girl from those scars
and I want to just share boobs that are
natural that have no scarring and with
this is what a body looks like with no
qualms surgery and it's actually amazing
and beautiful you're beautiful thank
acting like Jacob hey mama holiday going
you know I've had this started so far so
good Thank You Jessica for the thousand
bars um favorite Hotel Vegas probably
the poems I think they have the coolest
suite um I like Cosmo but it's not so as
like fun to look around
so hard I could fun to look around like
in the lobby and I know the hotel about
probably weird you order your mom or my
dad food guys have yelled s tried to get
it from Luca and freaking taking so long
I want to scream sometimes
the origin was so was being picked up I
have invested Hulka I love any advice
don't throw away from to tell you I get
so scared I wouldn't I never worked the
first day I love you I think I love you
someone in a while I'm not sad it's sad
sad I'm going to watch the first three
episodes again with RO that would be so
much all we should like watch it I hate
the first episode I don't normally watch
it maybe I feel different but um got
some one year um
I'm entirely loving someone yours it's
okay to work together on that Vicky's
been to LA they better come through its
class I know you know about that what
they all come through I make my own but
they're coming through if not we are
going to all tweet post me in a rage
bitch fit storm um dr. marcantel rollin
on my own elastic people so I feel like
nothing worried a Thank You Maria a for
the thousand board um I think you should
be applause Alex gee I never never was
that in the board I don't know she seems
okay that's long annoying me that royal
song was oh my god shoot me hated that
song was everywhere gonna do the game
from pretty slow fuck was that terrified
tell me put to sleep your hands girl
just give girl aha I hope this game of
Thrones cookbook hold please - what is
this yes a feast of Ice and Fire
um yes please what how do I not know
about this what do you get to cook in it
oh my gosh what is Martin Tina I'm a
classical ordering at thank you for
letting me know who let me know that
because I owe you everything
um what are you injured before I even
have dented coke last time whatever Cory
come on I like a headache yesterday I
could switch it up have you ever been
shot in Riga oh yeah I go through all
the time I love stronger my parents look
close my dad was close to their feelings
not change often stop fucking dumb piece
of shit I'm kidding I'm a friend love
and more than anything
Thank You Caitlin erratics of the
thousand bars um shame is literally less
personal well I would never connect or
have a bad thing to say about him go off
of whenever and if he was like a
terrible terrible whenever because the
person I've known for four years now is
like the best person I ever known and I
have so much fun and I feel so much like
love I was hanging out with him and
afterwards I feel so fucking happy when
I hang out so um he's a great guy and I
so much anything today
cuz I'm like what happens would be such
a good person I think I've been really
emotional I'm getting my period I'm
saying this but I really I'm coming in
like a matter of days any day now really
Thank You Haley for the do ours why did
I get so emotional I just people are
just so good in this world there are
some just really good people yes to
these Dylan ships I know his name girl
I'm right there with you Thanks I think
you Scylla had a thousand bars uh human
change to Elijah I think you re I did
not argue the food hygiene Artie I do
not already eat the food is coming to
food is closing fucking implies it's
alpha delivery it's out for delivery by
years here in a matter of two minutes
was I not my baby's dinner this week
what are some good names is it a boy or
a girl
oh you just said right avocados we dumb
bitch I'm fucking stupid um if it's a
girl I like Santa I like Cersei I like
Aria I like Maris a lot
I like how you see if it's a boy I like
trouble
I like cow Experion ah I like the name
Ramsey
but I also like he on in order budem
something is coming cake our big night
you just sent me a thousand bar Stephan
was coming when the Jews here we need to
have a celebration yell REI my favorite
their journey with them ah is she huh
mmm I feel like it's her cancer that
killed off one of you so sad oh I like
bran does he die don't tell me feel like
he's going to die
no I fail to see at present he's on the
cover of Entertainment Weekly for the
new season social cookies that is Jon
Snow dead do we know I'm not that season
yet but did he die because everybody
telling me he just died to be in the
black season
thank you for recommend 500 bars and we
wouldn't have a game of Thrones chat all
the time ah seen everyone who's your
that child with you want and no idea
YouTube saved me I had no idea what I
wanted to do I had no sense of direction
I had no passion for anything so he died
becomes s5 how does he come back to some
of you to go someone told me like I hope
not the whole ship everything can come
back then Khal Drogo better come back um
I talked about this in tomorrow's I'm
doing I do like a wake up with anything
every time for at the end but oh he's
not a go through a woman brings him back
bitch boom put pal jungle CN Cal Java
I'm going to talk about this tomorrow
video so I already asked the questions
and you guys are gonna probably give me
answers today as you guys know but why
at the end of season 2
why does Khal Drogo appear with baby
because Daenerys and why is she just
like no I'm going to ask Game of Thrones
just the heck i he's not very long are
you trying out house drugs not very long
but it is so walking north in your like
once you watch it sometime you'll get
into it number two watch keep watching
you know Briana Thank You Smith cause
employers who ask Monroe's is a pretty
name Grayson you genius
I think Oh Greg and thank you sit down
boys um because she will get stuck in
the temple what does that mean
so obviously he was like that black bad
as I said from the guy that we
multiplied himself but what does that
mean if she would have kissed him
whoever in that temple and also was he
real because he was like I'm doing like
the Khal Drogo that I know that we all
know gwenlyn
come to me like a full paragraph cancer
in the book standing attempted by the
Warlocks race with the mi temple with
the ghost oh wait what
and it's actually come one says he had
texted her to stay I mean I was that
really talent for like would have been
like a farce
it's like she would have stayed with him
but honestly I would a favor I'm the
baby I feel like something yes um Thank
You Ted Teen Mom sort of housing bars uh
I haven't seen Breaking Bad I have I
don't love Breaking Bad is okay you're
like a little old so all right now I
kinda I'm like a dork she moves on from
him soon
you know it wasn't him I don't think
okay so it was like Best Villain Game of
Thrones Joffrey Ramsey but Joffrey
Joffrey I I say more is more villainous
right don't we think hi Ramsey huh I
don't know sorry he's pretty evil but I
feel like she's just more cowardly evil
I've been in you GI Kip's yes I did a
video about you GI there's one thing
stage because anyone remember what I
took hosta collective blog I think it's
call it the most painful thing ever and
it was so painful but there was
something I took from the drugstore that
like saving you to go to the doctor but
I had a full meal already what packing
I'm sorry Chelsea thousand bars thank
you so much shelf I hope your
personality in that user just chilled
relax
you know usually kind of am uh
Game of Thrones on Netflix or Hulu no I
actually bought the DVDs and off I
actually bought it on iTunes as well
Graham sees my favorite and a favorite
crazy oj was lost in the move to murder
so I can have a dog um I've seen
Harlow's on whoo so good nobody
listening what's it about sounds amazing
no food oh my god I know it took 42
minutes on year no food I'm sorry y'all
so she's getting really bad Deena six
one of the creative of villain one
became pushing team Queen miss your
smiling face it's right here I'm kidding
classes so bad this is not helpful it's
gonna get a lot worse
um this game of thrones worth watching
was here say thank you show up at the
bar it's here y'all yeah make a drink
sighs okay check it a diet coke liqueur
the first answer I see I'm going to get
Diet Coke or the first one I'm gonna get
right now so sad
and I'm holding my eye sorry if y'all
got your food rt8 wow what is all this
there's so much in there
great see thank you
root um ha ha feeling good not from
anything about you see how I often jump
oh I'm sorry yesterday my video -
disgusting
I heard you out on parole or something
right not cool didn't go uh just it out
on bail that's crazy
looks like that about this world
yeah Brad looks down gave me a serving
spoon is like non sanity all myself so
thank you thank you for thinking I have
people see with how many realize you
will be was right virtual to debate with
and this is my life
this is doing me to die in the game from
I can we all see this no thank you for
the 505 you see queen of eating show is
kind of calm kind of young he's been
eating a lot of Li mmm
number one fasten please eat I read like
one day is like I crave a wedding is
definitely McDonald's was like a staple
mmm
do you like five guys I love it I love
on the ribbon hmm all at once no I
actually do I should do it by guys
eating show I like that guys come on go
do though I'd rather he'll look in an
hour like shout burger me Wendy's is
underrated I agree
my guy has a grill cheese please people
harder I fight in the bar watching on my
iPad with no self control oh my Colby my
computer isn't it
Thanks that Trish life mmm finally risky
eating no home movies you looking for to
the summer um well the sun's hot the
summer but Justice League since who
knows why I'm excited about Justice
League first person gets a song for them
that knows the answer
today some me-time go get it for you
maybe 4,000 bars out mm-hmm Oh
Aquaman I think she knows it I say to
hear your song nothing he knows me
better than anyone I know
because I say she knows me she's a
number one damn I didn't know me she
knows my uncle now all you other people
that don't get a song don't have a can
or I'll keep on broadcasting singing for
people like I'm Stacie young that did
love it she under strong I say she yes
Aquaman is the reason I am excited and
she got that so quick something else
could she could Google that when she had
time to Google that some of them may
soon as ever since I've arrived
that I gotta call your food team who
calls you mother funny like someone's
like after watching for your friends
like you to check food get on the you
now for all you to stay with me is this
long for the food
thank you everyone always ask me what
orders a new black I don't watch it I
won't say that I hate I said maybe one
day I'll get on it but you know I'm
always late these trends mmm thank you
arm for the thousand bars I want to
watch this like I'll Drive to work now
once okay babe I'll do replay out of my
blog channel treasures like honey Robert
Iger name it's just too much but okay
this is like very very filling i sassy
everyone's always fasting when they come
here
a lady is coming to look at my car for
sale Thursday Jeremy how can you sell it
thank you I'm way to 5-under par Makayla
asks is there any dessert probably a
cookie ooh dripping you guys even see
that like Oh kinda leak um yeah I
probably tell Thank You Melissa fence on
work probably a chocolate mucky or the
cookies reply mm well since I've been
creating those chocolate lessons that's
why I can't have eaten my house I want
them I see them I think about them so
trans up one or each other whoa what are
you eating now there are some eating too
many cream cheese wontons with you fun
range like eat right
some really great experience while I eat
it's a really spiritual thing so by the
way guys haven't noticed all the eating
shows are doing you now might post them
on my second now what I already have a
green Channel TV shows of them
Thank You Rosa thousand words meaning
I've had a big TV eating show I've had
an orange chicken jeez get back your
eating show mmm what else I do abdominal
game show
so I usually have a mean I already done
it I need stuff like doing on here mmm
I'm a homely nachos own my hunk there
too I'm gonna like this something like
when I got some said you know started
hiding out so we write thank you to me
at the first house of ours I never did
to a story time on that home have a good
memory what blog very much Menace um
weird a mission that no a show I
actually met at the London hotel when I
was having a rendezvous with that guy I
was seeing that after that Roger Bart
and yeah I have hoping it and yeah one
riding we were led to another
mmm what is clinch early was rice it
sounds amazing
raisin bagel was grilled with cream
cheese being up of em um we actually
computer program on your dish for you
yes right I would computer a G&P
programming for my dad actually um with
the SAP market with SP huge contrast
you're writing code so actually was my
dad taught me
um I should pretty good at it I feel
how long do broadcast form what is
always hard CBS
yes freedom um I know you come in right
here most hour then it turns over an
hour hour and a half then I can get good
places or clicks mo rip like peace out
bitch it like eating you just had this
one a little late so I might go a little
later
mmm tiny sweetener out Chinese ones out
I'm including that lately - so then you
mad my blog finish editing my blog
tomorrow hmm
Jose at work transmitted fries where you
work - Layton who's your life cook with
me I don't purposely coming up on my
channel I mean you want to over though
no I'm rapping superhero fan I'm and
then crazy FAFSA it's a girl Thank You
black plays for the thousand bars eating
spaghetti alfredo mmm
I love that they work at pasta is 17 yo
Fredo big PT or chicken farm they're
always in 3 go to dishes having human
attire to me no I'm so good with you
just before my friends James I'm gonna
have to weaken already shoot me get my
button gear um and it's not I look at my
mom's and I'm messy then you ready to
eat for the thousand bars favorites have
to move on to do
how hard I've done so many rings I love
the ones where I order like a shitload
of looters and all this way around me
but I don't I think it's so hard I do
actually kind of start running out of
like idea if I do appreciate your eyes
idea to eat and also I'm very much a
creature of habit like to think favorite
chicken fingers by pop so I see sub and
granted you can do multiple news blogs
because you're talking about updated
topics and stuff but below you a crab
legs one mmm tabloids are hardly eat if
I have it's my page someone I have
anything get out or my mom may be that
mean out for me it's so hard I can't do
it and it makes me frustrated and I
don't want to eat them anymore
Game of Thrones for every song is coming
mmm-hmm hundred percent is how do you
respond nothing with fast food as well I
don't personally watches with just bad
food or so that's not that exciting to
me
what guys want to see em expecting your
Rochelle so heart now mm-hmm
lots of them afraid of spicy - you like
spicy food it's just um it doesn't look
good like anyone do a shot
gross I'd want to like actually like
what I'm eating obviously mmm Wow
just let me nail that Panera Bread move
while I have written um glamour do
windows
I am I have a I have a 15/18 show
pumping yet I betcha re-edited edited it
butter chicken Indian I don't want any
enjoyed I don't want Hawaiian to it I've
had both actually not giving it multiple
times don't like Indian food history
room and I like Thai food but I'm not
picky I love chicken fat guy
Thank You who is your catchment for the
thousand bars Thank You Sharon chooses
one thousand bars thank you I left his
friend housing bars funny he crab with
your mom first row after my mom makes
bomb a scribe blows she finds a huge one
on or side them first show them
I love it in crime who's with it or she
just fell to meet out for me I'm like
literally a baby all the time where
people will brothers my whole life for
me to just kind of like cater to me
she'll get all the meat out for me and I
get to eat it so I am alone I've never
got into law and order so I'm gonna she
do the overnight challenge I don't know
that is
you
my god my friends
kendrick rocks last night okay I want to
see RNAi Davis was in the house I'm
feeling better than I thought you look
for chickens kind of I got it hot so
okay that's oh my god
that was scary all I saw it popped up in
mr. field I saw a car accident and I was
like oh my gosh you don't I said feeling
better I got back terrified all right
Klaxons are like stuff I think you
classes like that's the best pointless
me like there's an avoidable death
oh and once you are okay except thank
you Garcia's on a large but it's so
scary and it is that who allowed
America's Got Talent guy ah the one who
I think we talked about have either this
or in my videos the live show or as he's
doing a voice to my song and his a
doctor extend a car accident wasn't even
the driver he liked passenger oh so
scary you think about the risk we put
ourselves in every time we get a car is
really terrifying sometimes it's not
even our fault if you have it is there I
do but it's not that exciting I had it
yesterday what those really really good
Thank You Morgan for the 500 bars hmm
I'm crying you didn't get into law order
it's amazing die now
plenty much to heart a hell yeah Mercer
I think he's falling up at seven but
wish to heart okay is Hungarian atom
line technology watching you I I think
it's kind of leave a comment I think
only 1100 sandwiches 10,000 came and
they are like peace out bitch I cannot
watch this shit what you look like you
look like percolating
dead ah and then out you know yes I love
in a milk shake shack to shake a still
me Keller don't say it cheese fries
numerous shake
I'm getting annoyed at this possum l is
so good but over there is bribe but over
bread thank yous Christian for sounds
barks sometimes Oh what happened to your
mystery lights in there dime I will
start time as to story time a two-part
story time something about that it's
interesting blogger is overnight
challenge you should do that challenge
dissing your little summary simply
watching my youtube video right now on
the broadcasted milkshakes I always so
many calories yeah
Oh precious pussy stay didn't get to be
like thank you
well good here Thomas you're giving me
like how about you me on five thousand
borrow bitch you really want to shout
out
I'm Raziel playing on their lips you
sleep overnight on your department store
this what do not a thing please
something is another thing Thank You
Victoria law firm a 500-word why I don't
understand uh Peters Turkish Peter says
ugh and sounds Greek but it's actually
quite harsh which is Hungarian Kurt
Cobain was murdered in cold blood
thank you she bruised a theory never
seen a movie think he came up at five
hundred bars in cold blood
he's crazy excuse me aspic opium music
that's right edit I usually edit in the
eg show ever found a hungry no I have a
not Persians with every try yeah I'm not
a big burger boozing I used to date
conversion them thank you Kevin four
thousand bars dealer ways from where I
don't where way so which I have one of
the packs I've gotten from um the hair
shop here in LA which is awesome do you
think Nicole was murdered you know I'm
not talking ahead especially in a day
which I'm about Marilyn and Anna I don't
think they are I'm not so much a
conspiracist i watch into your spirit I
think they're really interesting I think
it's just trouble people and they
accidentally overdose I don't think they
quite wires kill themselves but oh man
you gone the top-20 broadcasting on you
now whoa we got address in some sense
trouble about that lnterview
that was so crazy Thank You Bluebell for
the thousand bars Genesis that was
insane I usually I learned a big deal
out of nothing but that was crazy goes
off look it up like I'm like I don't
know
yeah I mean she had me on something or
drunk or something no shades I'm always
drunker on something but I'm like your
next few videos she goes hungry I want
to go to hungry I want to go to Northern
Ireland I want to go to Croatia does
anyone know why
I'll be your chocolate muffin hmm thanks
thanks and um I would you to a game of
your joy I'm not really a gamer so when
I when your hot flames are blood it
definitely need to get you to veneers
and Michael Shara heck yeah
what time is a bear thank you hi guys
yeah it says mark on his told very
actually he was around fashion hall I
love all your guys idea yes a lot bad do
you think you love a flower isn't make a
brand one not really a beauty guru so
probably not my collaboration will be
with Adam and Eve's next toy a Trish
flashlight um who do you think Jon
Snow's mom is oh right you don't know
that really
hmm who do you guys think the right
woman the right which um wait what we
know who is Mama's oh who is it mom we
do and you can of course you call McGee
limb crow shucks I still would
oh we do know I'm like not I'm just
honking the board do how we know why
she's reformed I gotta go bye love you
make your issue or thinks that you
definitely in here if you are caught we
we know Lyanna stark please o
be honest art is what Thank You PI s for
the founder Bart I'm so confused
next sister wait what so it's not is it
but it's not as faster than it's a
sister care that he took Shauna was
married to the king right Baratheon
Robert Baratheon beautiful your eyes
I'll be watching so confused I need to
know make him wear I for two thousand
bars till gets was I liked when I was
about myself Danny's brother is Akana
what why I'm so confused necessarily
dying of birth and gave him a child
protect hi my wine is being blown what
we put the doubt event the Daenerys his
brother back at the gold shit on his
head right no it can't be
it would have been one when he had him
John snows a Targaryen
what what what you're gonna watch games
I was like what's a father he comes out
I'm waiting Tyrion is rigid in their
thought Jesus it's crazy Cynthia thank
you
500 words each a muffin goodness's
chicken
H I am so into this now
hi mama
hi baby Bethenny's new service older
brother fell in love and had chance to
know Lana's older brother well James
Johnson L was gonna win the fucking
throne and shit um anyways let me go get
it so those are they black muff and
chocolate muffin say your character and
name is Rajan smells Dean Matthew I
can't thank you enough about the bars
I'm gonna get the Muffy at Prospero - 8
for newcomers planet message from
Danielle - CEO love Trish just I love
you and when I watch your house didn't
see as I was reading your message just
took the hundred for attention except
who's hotter John or Robb Stark um which
ones no I do not I brought stark and I
did not like a character was not my
thing I love these so much in case of a
talk it's ordered a meatball parm so
apparently I'm good actually I should
love those mmm rub that a a boy to me
right but even before who's that happen
and it cry wasn't like I'm a shop yes
mmm I love it help welcome Thank You Ali
about a thousand bars new belly cases
you know it's one of my fork I have you
heard some slashed yet can you film your
part to my heart commencement sewing
part one that's crazy
I went off and lay off
well grandma is that is just the ralph
slug from the bakery wanting to get out
of aliens Howell I'll be traveling very
very soon I'll be revealed shortly I'm
actually we have a final C's in the game
of Thrones so that will film that
information north of Ireland careening
out was last night my friend Mark who
and therefore these aren't daddy issues
hello that's why I joined you down right
now welcome
I can't we probably Secret Service trust
me or reveals our good useful sports 100
thank you for the 500 bars you meet
handsome pebble off and yeah I think I
got I'm alerting on go home
Thank You Emmy for a thousand bars which
I have something to snack on you have
nothing I originally described for this
next map I usually don't push inspire
someone terrible terrible snapper
oh that's chocolate ones life mmm and I
want chocolate was really good stay
highly high gone for Don all I crave a
school retreat is looking and there Bob
who went gray those hey hey girl I was
watching on YouTube how are you hey girl
I'm good you know chum like a villain
thank you
Cena for the thousand bars Kevin Hart
Britney outside Google our names
together x1 um you'll see our picture
together
Thank You Victoria for the thousand bars
we still have you love her she's
everything she is everything as a
brownies in the kitchen for kitchen is
too far girl I know that struggle all
too well um you guys love Island I do
not what is that I always like reality
shows with Rafa blog or Daisy of love
diem lost so much weight on your face oh
shit girl update a lot this week let me
get back on it for real Grand Hotel BRB
and that beholden all Thank You Harley
you can have them all right guys I mean
I've been on point you know if I hadn't
seen the husband brought Michael sister
comes to the block best one if I work
that exciting then welcome mmm
okay about two dozen girls I want to
like pissing on my teeth so no want
I know so grows on Tim it's like
taken like a bladder she's gross I know
um place a fiddling Irish and fell in
love with an Englishman ID I was ever
hooked it was run Michael I wish yeah
hot and not um my friend Bacchus open
journey I'm still thinking about him
creepy um Oh playlist I so many songs
like long scroll through need not bad
see yeah yeah I'm like a Thai coconut i
level thank you only for 2000rs time to
Emily why sir no she writes a live music
about check out poorly oh sure it's a
lotta music what the Game of Thrones
character that's amazing
I need to rephrase uh sir
thank you for isolation room I just did
a whole lotta gel are you picking my
mouth alrighty one hmm
the top ring my god we have someone like
pulling my wine Thank You Emily white
pepper that's 10,000 likes and my wife
there's a number one Karen right now I'm
top CEO 6220 gold bars have you tried
the amount of wine yet it's delish I get
that on the regular um perforation like
what was it was I can see you don't
Sophia sometimes like what's happening
um all right guy I had so much fun I
might come back on later che no it's
nice it's still young tomorrow I have a
pretty open day Q but Sunday through
Friday next week up on these particular
during the daytime so this is a fun week
of you now's not to say I won't do them
again so be sure to be in here or what
have you I have so much fun you guys are
awesome I will be very so much um thank
you for the applause Michelle I so much
fun eating with you guys I will see you
guys real soon um that's hope y'all
making barfi I hate it love you Raven
love you Vicki J and level of use can
you all just think how understand little
anymore
um bye Stephanie Jasper's was funding so
much for coming I wonder if in like a
different crowd than normal because I'm
doing in the middle today yes the fur
middle today we're doing from at night
or should you folks because who knows
what I'm doing tonight i importantly
helps a lot I think tonight like I'm a
glob night I just gotta like you know
round myself but I love you guys and I
will talk to you a little soon I
literally love you Heather asked all day
every day to meet you I think the
corporate mark and I'll see you guys old
soon
Tecna chef Johnny
my son of my scars okey guys real soon
here could be you totally fishes I can
do kids to fish before the spell of
contrition so MA
alright bye guys yeah you see what I've
been posting a new video on both
channels I posted two new videos for
news but I might be posting some won't
be a little video machine over here I
ask you things like
