okay good morning guys so I have this
new routine I'm doing I'm going to be
filming a video everyday for you guys on
the main channel I'm going to block up a
day for you guys for this channel I'm
going to a live show every day three
byes I'm working out everyday I'm like
you know what I need a routine a
schedule of course I asked them to come
up like obviously like I'm probably not
going to do this schedule but for me I
need a schedule otherwise I get really
like depressed by the way dragon shirt
at number two okay three XL my save a
size but yeah I just ordered my
Starbucks and I'm going to get a new
battery three bikes I'm going to do a
sit-down let's get get wake up with me
like a real wake up with me I'm going to
be sitting in my bed she's messy with my
laptops that's normally what I do in the
morning I'm going to film that video for
my main channel that I'm going to a live
show on you now and then I have a lot of
delivery today I haven't a drop I need
to get done but then I'm going to work
out maybe come do another live show with
you guys I have a purpose when I talk to
you guys so yeah I'm going to try to do
that cuz like I said in a blog before I
am like trying to like chill so like a
monster before I like get back into
everything like music and stuff I love
it so much but that's exhausting
especially when it's all depression on
you and I just posted my live
performance for my birthday party today
so I'm going to be reading comments you
guys know how much Church so I just
turned on to get my tripod and my food
so hopefully both will be around here
somewhere why is she me though I love
her I got to get her out of the box but
she is on her drag gun I love it so much
look at her she's spread-eagle she's
lying on that dragging loves it so much
me me a house targaryen how we worked
why were you so excited others I want
one of these in every single room of my
house
so who I don't already put her off so Q
I'm gagging like I want everyone to see
here so I don't like to wear to play her
I've never been better than the two
because it is like what dreams are made
of
awesome just shoot election has been
crazy
I love Rihanna Zuma and look look at
almost a pink one looks so crazy I'm
obsessed these are the new ones these
are like these jellies Lions love them
watch the fuzzy ones the ribbon the
windows last night was my workout shoes
because every day
follow me on IG thousand calories a day
baby lame
- thank you
la jolla mining in yeah is that
complicated
uh okay Jen Bunney found it well they
geminate day no strong don't worry I got
straws you guys I spoke too soon he
actually came back from I can assure you
I assure you my medicine cabinet I was
in my cabinet looking for a strong and
he came back with strong way to go Jason
good job post mate so now oh it's about
my mom now we're going to little brekkie
but just over me tail have breakfast so
my house is full of these little what
people call chop-chop cheese tchotchkes
knick-knack whatever junk so I kind of
like was organizing on my shit like pink
random shit YouTube shit right I cleared
that Alex I should have a game of
Thrones section so I have all my cups
Targaryen Lannister and start I know I'm
missing one but those are the ones I
care about this in my game with some
coloring books that my mom got me making
wine bottles and my newest baby edition
of Daenerys so I'm getting ready oh hi
who's getting ready to workout I just
posted me to some Trader Joe's groceries
I'm gonna pose make some room for all
scriptures when I get back I really want
to work out because I want to make it
over with but I want I have so much else
I want to do so so on to a live show
today we did my breakfast eating show
and so I ordered actually breakfast food
items and creator so sure he doesn't
come so I kind of want to order like
like my regular dinner items like not
regular agenda items but I feel like
it's with me a lot for like eating shows
and also like my live eating shows
sorry um so I thought you know maybe I
would just do like sometimes obviously I
don't be like out every meal I eat are a
lot but not every meal so supposedly now
some went in and did this procedure she
still Harkonnen on but yeah I have more
knickknacks appear I she's looking at
like a fuse everything up here just so
many that so weird is that the sense
absolutely gorgeous
my little wine cups I love Jesus but I
drink a little why not just a bunch of
random little little knickknacks
well goody alright Trader Joe's
delivered to your doorstep
you don't trust me I feel so bad for you
micro socks upon the exact route there I
have your logo I try to tell all you
look at each other like my favorite
favorite oh not my favorite
I suppose it's healthier than regular
chips I mean you're probably not there
probably difficult for you but Joan
I hate Justin out of focus your honor
I'm sorry for a potty mouth blueberry
waffles these are almost always out of
stock oh my god these are so good when I
do my Nexus wake up with me I'm gonna
have the I love goose with butter and
syrup on her sofa me how is a final
quest for you
220 calories per - ah therefore that's
only four point what was by earlier okay
well kind of large um
and I always let her know um what
sometimes it's immigrant children times
it is heat and then all right
vanilla Greek yogurt I also have that
for breakfast I have chosen one
so then that some bananas I'll end up
with all our bags so champ
oh one banana and what's wrong with this
one why is this in quarantine
weird oh these are my state has not
always had hash brown patties - like if
I'm doing like a quick kind of breakfast
or not something this is going to have
to have these types of calories 130 so
bad you have these for breakfast 134
calorie so I hate that this is fun
I wish it got me more these these are my
babe I used to eat these all the time I
used to live in Encino right next door
to it here Trader Joe's so cooking them
this is just like fun food just like
random and they pull threat up hmm
little trader Joe Paul I'm gonna put my
stuff into freezer and the fridge and
then I'm going to go
take your men
slow steady work
she's not home
a lot
that focuses now who flew a second
workout after my live show oh no but
this girl is looking 20 laps I gotta get
in the shower I just for so I just love
to do this up here in a bad box and
unwrapped it was fucking so heavy to go
right there bitch it was going to go
from every room because all right there
it's going to be like a little key table
thing cuz that bitch ain't movin I am
exhausted as not only that I have all
these pictures come which they look
relatively small in size but about does
it come in are about this high
I'm not even kidding and they're huge
and they're tightly wrapped but I'm
going to show you when bitches tell you
you have too many pictures of yourself
that you get more pictures as yourself
are these cool
these are black spring photos you know I
usually like canvas ones like those but
I love this framed option they have now
so I just have some of my favorite
photos from my birthday party
performance regardless of what people
say I'm proud of myself for doing it
because I have a lot of anxiety about
live performances and stuff and it was
really fun I it was one of the best
memories even though the birthday party
itself was crazy but I had so much fun
so yep anyways I have so many pictures
of myself as you know but those are my
newest additions that I lugged up here
but I think they look beautiful in and
of myself you guys who needs a baby and
I'm Rebekah Manor here Brianne from Game
of Thrones environment so now I'm going
to actually think those shoes upstairs I
can push that back they're a little like
pretty great actually enjoy my purse
there and my keys so then this space my
kitchen will be cleared it was like
forever my sink and and all the shit
will go on there I like my throw my keys
play so I do that I am a shower I am
sweaty 20 months oh and then I have to
go back while we downstairs I'm in the
penthouse so I had to go all the way out
there with boxes which also were a bitch
so I did all right you know there is
that iPad might be seeing there I'm just
going to work out tomorrow with it and I
have like 10 cups I don't need chart it
usually is always charging where my bed
like you it's actually really functional
to it because to the what kind of weird
Bella can I have stand applying right
lean walking I don't know I guess with
me it goes with me like little like pop
culture just explosion when you walk in
to Trish and just mess so I kept my pink
stuff out because I do wear those a lot
those are looking a little dingy the
fuzzy ones but I guess I'm asking a cute
see ya I'm tired y'all all right I am
all showered and ready for bad I have my
big boo high just snaked my shit see
this what's constitute okay so uh pipe
it's all good um get my cheese fingers
and lipo Trish shirt on I'm going to
edit some videos some vlogs for you guys
I love this whole day today this is very
cool and this to annoy me it is not
focused I'm so annoyed I know everyone's
getting that like Sohni a 1600 if you
guys know everyone's using or what the
cool camera is let me know if I'm so
over this camera I got this like three
years ago it kind of never focused great
anyways yeah I'm like melt focus but
anyways so I'm gonna edit I feel so good
a shower and be my buzz it's still early
it's still light will not early it's
like thinking o'clock so it's still kind
of early but I'm going to edit and I'm
so proud of yourself I did like a full
like vlog today I don't even do anything
if you guys like these vlogs be sure to
thumbs up and let me know because
channel lets you know except they don't
do anything exciting but it you know
today was not very sunday so if you guys
exciting let me know that Christmas is
exciting Trish fish twist wish none the
basket folks I love you guys I was
talking to my sister I was like I love
this song cake on the beach okay by the
beach or something this is like a soul
haha I love is a new song old ass bitch
I love you guys what are my moon my moon
my life miss under my stars
check me track eonni kissies probably
get you clothes a poker game I brought
them tomorrow
let me guys May
