what right there on my food is on its
way y'all I'm on my way
just that part though literally watch a
seaside yeah we're gonna be eating
together I love it
I am so obsessed with it um okay let me
just tell me instagrams I just I didn't
have a compliment trim I know I got my
eyebrows done and crossing over here
Thank You Shannon for the bar Oh Bob
this is like fuck you hey guys I am
librarian Alice if you wanna see these
lips and actions and I'm about to eat
some cheesecake factory
come grab a dinner and let me do
together hey how is that a we found you
was a little drying forward that was a
terrible arrow I love this drawing this
leg up there oh why
oh my
yes the link in it should notice link by
now the food is literally minutes away
also employ to launch day and I'm always
feeling also might be a task if I can
adjust that line I don't know what's the
next line after that I'm on my way I'm
drunk eating chicken nugget thanks for
the applause Christy crews say no more
into the GOP sponsors these are always
some good audio could be louder is that
on my amber
Thank You autumn for the hundred bars
driving at night you down this country
late it's that way I'm on my way down my
way
is that it ah my sock impulses I like
awful see where my Dasher is
I dashed today and not posted girl
postman's were fucking busy let's see oh
the car is coming out of so cute I love
it
okay jabbing at 19 was amazing
I just mushy look down we're not
supposed to I got my lips done Botox
yeah I didn't get Botox today I'm gonna
get Botox in a couple weeks left I take
it my new let son there's a little blood
right there okay so for all you think
it's a lopsided
I had Juvederm in there and she have to
dissolve it on Saturday um because she
can't dissolve it Thank You Steven
mangoes even making my sugar daddy I
love him um I'm watching mom's gonna
wake up I didn't get ready on here out
there makeup my house lines it up we're
all eating I'm not post meeting right
now I didn't actually a really fun job
I'm not gonna lie like closely I once
there's a lot to go for that food
because why milady fucking bitch right
now but like I like to pick up food like
I do like to do that I'm serious
um copy pie on the screen
oh you miss wants pie retreat you got
that oh yeah
thank you just never happy fried my sari
has pride more showery focus on up there
like the living for that I love
resetting me is she gonna right oh my
god bitch then I'm not doing some
chicken and rice and aw spoiler alert
exact it guess what I was asking to see
practice I sent one this is a password
suspect I've been eating a lot I'm doing
a period oh my daughter so annoying you
know but Monday diet first Monday is
mama we all say it is so when they
father soon I was doing it all day I
know I kinda know lately is that I swear
I don't usually but lately I happen I'm
not gonna lie I have students mythology
I promise periodically we can use what
you want yes salaries don't have when
you're if you're up to know our Mama's
here yet what is probably what kind of
phone you how I have an iPhone 7 swap um
to keep up with out so funny is calm
ever I kind of used a honey doll then um
going to make a cake on Friday
oh you know I'm craving princess cake
and you're not family's like this cuz
they fall asleep
I'm meeting girls music mmm could see I
almost are magician girl she's my sister
remain Chinese food you to blink is
wrong they put oh my god I put someone
else's live show i watch me thank you
oh my god all y'all went to go see my
friend ron that's funny
um I was watching um Ron why Jay
friendly I need to start talking but the
one who was like my internet bullying
our friend
I was watching his light show uh does he
get I think he was almost done now so I
think you only know live well my food
was almost here - smells like you need
another thing who should receive July's
to me I might not talk a weapon today
I'm kind of craving a chocolate muffin I
have a website that's a blonde moment I
love I know thank you so much for
telling me though cos if you just off
like this
select assistant I love my wife but he
has a go Google Hangouts or I think he
does and I watch it the funny Big Show
knows I'm like for insight or some shit
don't like we can yell - I'm respectable
on today
she posted the wrongly I know I see an
idiot I'm glad those of you finally
found me well I'm cold I used to mineral
you eat local cheese culture I got
attacked my friend
let's get to figure it out home later
hmm
oh my god oh I won't talk about yeah I'm
like crazy chocolate and half let's talk
a lesson I didn't have mature seeds for
lunch two degrees so what you're
convinced where I am I have my duty just
a little OTT I have my duty to talk with
my Rihanna you must answer super super
wrong this is a really comfortable
outfit so I wanted to be comfy shadowed
Victoria it says shaylen and the message
so that's the turn of any feeling I
think you wind up once and see mango a
number two how do you see number 1 / -
okay okay so we have a seat number one
under the number one is Shalem cam and
it's a school bar 1557 stephen van
gogh's number two with 1030 gold bars
Sonia TV five five is number three with
239 I don't understand
Thank You aunty not for the 50 flyers um
because notice a traitor's all other
nothing with what laughs I would love to
take with Laura a flip whoa it's more
type of cheating on because I have a
headphones maybe my next wake up with me
this more respect you know I haven't had
one yet let me write this down
okay Starbucks I want to try to start
with Gina for shovel I'm writing that
down
I like let's make a note you know I'm
saying I'm suing my door - I get like
obsessive-compulsive oh boy corridor -
sure is oh it's lost it so easy for
oh not this guy
how can you not text me back I have some
what are you going off at like 11:00
p.m. and she's not cussing bad all day
and you can read it fine
um currently waiting on my food yeah
probably so Vanessa food
I'm totally pretty street tacos in
practice
rolling the description in the Scylla I
change it Thank You Rosie for the bars
it's all right one now you all right I
was like thank you - oh sweet happy them
done like but bothering me thank you I
think you're just not seeing your up
close that kind of crazy applause um hi
Queen hang Michaels it's shaunell just
ate um I'm guessing you got some
hypotheses no I did get my lips done but
um that's up I love to see a factory
this is the right wing's I'm gonna just
go work to make sure one is asked about
that I guess people I can't know if
there's like yeah I'm so bad like saying
I'm gonna like talk to someone actually
I want to talk to like those people
forever or so okay that's right link
well that works really fast
snapping with you right now yeah so much
fun we're just gonna all eat the Gimme
five hundred utensils again you take
five hundred people
no it's me oh let's butter some horses
back um oh I tried to block traffic with
you I love their double I pop them so we
start with a little applicator to bread
first
you're gorgeous is adharma noticeably
more like stretched out these are ones
go okay I love these little butters I
see so much a visa I have my own letter
in my fridge right Oh smell sense
I love cheeky passes by another XO
nominee first time we can take the
second right where I don't they have
chief executives like it's everywhere
I'm like literally and so girls my eat
are y'all y'all know this mmm something
really hard to eat though my lips where
she'll find them Michigan doesn't have
to mm hmm you can move out of that state
immediately hmm the wrong products bus
is so good actually doesn't go any likes
white bread all that well
your two father's be seated thank you
appreciate that
we have to hunger that but I'm eating
this
I'm run Nebraska didn't have to take
Zachary or fuzz ways I can't beat Brad
what the hot Nelly yeah I can warm so I
have a kid got one back
I like he might facing a bicycle go in a
pod out so it's not a tuple that's it
warm and then I get cold and I get
warmed up and then I get freezing again
that's why I missed a call the second
time way I'm gonna worry about is who I
am
he listened Jeff insert um fruit well no
let me put numbing cream on it queen of
letters out from the defense me
Thank You manna for the light if you
made us up 18 okay for the city lights
mmm sure top of that and so we can only
lav
yeah I'm sorry
let the rough life there's no clothes
mess around
alright easy it like yeah
the white dragon here right this wasn't
in Milwaukee
cause if you keep secretary Mike
something I hunted yeah I'm not gonna be
on blue everything is not but really
it's all relative right sort of like is
that last rose milk but spicy for a meal
I really need napkins John oh I got them
right here
I love what amazing surprise I'll find
that really gross what about them I'm
grouchy festive so another job back oh
yeah smacking people have our life yet
they're trying to talk about it I'm a
Time Lord enjoy yourself I didn't sent
any too much that I eat so fucking my
whole is anyway the healthy dramas on
the fence I don't know I hope his life I
love the comments are just like nineteen
fuckers they're like yeah Diet Coke
yes queen of butter deliver you're not
bad you want to be better than my office
organics perception thing right spiritus
this was like you look disgusting your
back road well some of like she's a hot
fucking the other and some users
actually discussing something like fat
and under like old my service or you
know well it's a narrative
thanks ready applause on all over this
is for your blog Emily mortgage and the
word it's like they're always here
what's up down I can't open them
oh my gosh Akamai opening it's the
climax y'all thanks p.m. ed for some bad
parts I opened it oh-oh 5,000 bars to be
opening yeah oh yeah oh yeah
hahaha yeah uh-huh yeah yeah thanks for
the like why would have been going on
forever
anyways I'm so hungry here a team I'm so
starving for this it was delicious mmm
orange chicken I haven't had this in a
hot minute so you should get a chicken
fingers or some sort of pasta
it looks so mom I'm so freakin stoked
mmm mmm cause we thought out he doesn't
know anything I don't think that's in
family on my friends list watching
Justin we're onto something so sweet I
can't leave video he did it's the reason
20 zombie so nice users so ride or die
plane sounds people like that
I'm just are there for you RJ anyone
currently I'm seeing people but not like
dating would you guess I wanted them
know few takes but as I kind of really
wanted to chocolate buttons I thought
well already Facebook that has ever been
really exciting I feel blue
slap outdated app and I had talked about
him in so many videos lately and he's I
don't get it I watch my head I'm like ah
he like hangs out like Spicer's and
search doesn't a on his part like this
funny I would have been down but I no
time for jokes yells oh that was
delicious
right above mm-hmm I need to get food
now that's why I was I wanted like I was
gonna be chill tonight like bicho eating
and then my sister again can express
himself so well so that was gonna get an
express train nun wait c6x barking what
do you do if you like um a variety I
watch a lot of sorry times channels
lately again um it's all over the place
with where I watch it just kind of
depends what you're watching 100
I don't know what guy your hair Pink's
my hair cannot make it was really just
the police so they get your hair pink if
it's leashed out my color and that's
what pink on top of it and I was being
done
you like awesome videos um yeah
sometimes I dealt with the trying
products I would say most yeah most
album what's that I do I do I was like
cat one I first one I'm going to watch
eggs I would soon have like I want cats
I'm like what this but this some nail
got me and him with cat who's a dragon
it was actually funny he just makes
everything funny you have no fluffy
talking about I'm so gay mmm dragon in
the bathroom of your name we have a
final tomorrow which wishes Warren Queen
sense of idea what summer
I thought school's out for the summer is
so good it's so filling orange Cygnus
and most sell anything else I'm show you
different I realize um use more low-key
he's way way way like iam video they're
like so he's always on if onions popped
up and I remember I came I guys just a
lot more mellow there's a YouTube couple
though on XE two couples and the dude is
tipping me off so much but we won't talk
about that
that's too much just used for this
I need some good blog tails um hmm
cannon breathe chomp squad hmm
you want some honey there's no tea
really I mean I don't know any inside
information I'm just saying like the sky
is being so like the these people break
up or way before my break up and it's
nice and still like dwelling on it and
talking about it and hugging and bring
it up every video like so I'm not wasn't
even top right because I I know how hard
breakups can be but me it's shell and at
some point like months two months mad
you didn't even explain I was invited
Thank You Laurie less than 2,000 bars
excuse me 100 you guys get my little
iPod migrant work though I hate work so
much but like you have to contain it you
know I'm you hate when people let them
out so we're gonna grow to me question
we're all eating together he's like what
having family dinner I kind of do
so how is this day on you yeah how does
that Jack it without baby can you keep
boys
I don't like it was thrown sobbing
please make me fat for me to have a few
teen if I can get it expecting me I love
you too Marcus I am
hmm
what kind of Bethenny not likely I love
Colleen Colleen ballinger and her family
are the sweetest nicest people I've ever
had a larger annoys like they are so
fuckin City is so freakin humble I love
I don't know where that came from so no
I love her
we love the ASMR video sis I'll give you
some more emphasis oh mighty kidding
dude you shall husky around we don't
really talk but I watching videos in you
know he's cool we're like we're not we
will don't act that and that's how about
Shannon Rose - it's not that we like
stop popping because we gotta fight you
know some people you just go through
spurt you okay for like a minute there
are we gonna talk for like a few months
just because like know of no reason just
you know you don't get there iam
twatting name is Hannah dude I don't
know
mmm-hmm we should do a room like that I
love loose so it is so bad I need to
clean what I'm watching you do both
I see tired is a lot here not too tired
but I will be tired after this food
that's been a kind of a long day I
pinups and early selects David O
breakfast I'm in the woods you'll go
like I do lover
Thank You felony for the table something
love names
what did you comment on times and stuff
I don't know her
did you actually act like better to give
it a real idea see you lose pretty cool
Italian with this video is pretty goosey
when you're watching a great show as
well alright yeah I'm like always hear
like the same as I am online crime
killer and prison for sure
thanks for the applause found me
thinking you're shot on your brain even
right
shoutout to Sonia that's cat 55 from the
cyber messages up there love eternal on
time set for the Christina thank you
what does that whereas falafels I always
you know the no one ever comes with a
side you know like a machine I don't
hey honey hey Mort hey honey that's more
Nelly can um hey hi Romy I know me they
just want to feed you is that it
Georgia custom your life yes Joey is
Joey just over the top with this amazing
to watch okay maybe nothing Lauren tell
me like if you happen to be bar I mean
like what they do because I would love
to likes and watching you youtubers
I love the baby oh I love okay well I
love you baby - this thing I've been
waiting so long hi to the x-men
what's the messing I could use a great
poetess or it's the bigger flip suppose
I'm the aggregator no I'm not I was
competing with the new girl Latin was
down falling out like I said I don't
thank you for the tip I don't respect
people who talk about a situation that
involves another person in the sense my
situation was my breakup there was a
claim that was made public but he did
something publicly I accomplished on it
I'm not working relating awful but I
feel like if something is not out in the
public and not out in the open like it's
you shouldn't bring it up so let's say
someone privately messaged me hey
so-and-so is cheating since I was here
do you know since I was doing this I
could handle it but because it was so
public I have to say something you don't
mean but normally I want it especially
one of those people are private I mean
it's different consumer both online
together but when you don't people are
more private
do you like the gardens to guard
come on recycle I think you seen for the
applause being freezing what's the
owners man I don't have an update for
you guys I followed him so balls in his
court yellow lion amenable meta biome I
mean the gold um once you get bad really
cool look hope you want to date which is
a nosy why don't want that so bad so
random love it
thank you for the applied subway curries
thank you makes me for the thousand Bart
I see something when I get kept I feel
like you can be exciting if you still
talk for that big mustard heard right
um we we pop wet come on hang out keep
items we know it no nothing you get some
meter
taking further 50 likes amusing you
prime a message higher choice for the
hardcore fish you know ten years much
love from humidor to this thank you for
the applause own young Thank You Harley
for the private message let's read it
Thank You Polly polish succeed for a
college to see where those bars flash
you're not children hundreds like a
match of Isaiah come let's take you I
was on a roll I like to sit and talk
well Chad is happy lately I haven't been
doing a whole lot so I'm sick so we're
gonna use the clock talk to somebody
make it Rebecca for left-handers bars
I got blogs a rod report writer writes
enough social media for a while now love
him though - that's a pretty hot guy in
my lifestyle can't live where did you go
silver orange chicken please you better
have your ID one from Sonia what's up
Sonia I'll show you my number one felt
you know Samuel mmm similar example
Samuel it defines me hmm why is food so
good
a key always jump on
advice on deciding the relationship talk
oh don't do it every time I do it no one
gives you the answers you want it just
ruins saying just be happy with what you
got
thanks to the crow there's all of ours I
just every bacon all right all right I
got one
I'm lensing YouTube propaganda these
alone any good for human wait um I don't
my business partner has a nice apartment
though the FI 50 over there oh I love
that book user capsules open and are you
guys done before
you guys want me to read want your dad
gasps okay well I wanna finish a nice
I'm not like really like this chomping
okay fellas like thumbs up these bottles
in turn see what they all are suggesting
people is really awkward I feel like
sometimes I feel more like bad and I'm
like okay I'm worth to hire someone else
because I don't know I like to just talk
a top top if I got people don't want to
bend it and I could get someone else
we're gonna say I'll do that and you can
send me a shout out Walter said I kinda
do if we look so good writers good y'all
sighs it's making you hungry myself
Oh awkward
have you ever ran to Lisa Vanderpump
yeah he wants a restaurant punky night
there a lot
I'm here they're buying one of every
seat I'm so either
Cindy keel I took five her bars thank
you
I saw you sir next to the Grove so you
think what to do later I was out I was
out driving today
well whores in LA I don't know what I
say then what I'm so annoyed because you
can't work out for like a day or two I
think you listen I think I want to wait
tomorrow feel like a light workout when
we just have a light workout anyways I
was like are you kidding me
well I want to preserve my lips
obviously it wasn't dissolve like it
she's bad I'm going to get people y'all
don't you worry
oh the yellow are you know what the
yellow flicker is max I sold the Merc if
you guys would be also here with my
chicken fingers in light zone crap it's
not my website Rashmi - that's right sir
calm but you provide a regular structure
and it's like right above the pocket I
was really mad when I was awesome unless
you want some was asking we always had a
good relationship with your mom no I
talked about for you openly we do not
always have a great relationship so that
people just trying to pay it work of the
spirit performance it up your crack was
that mean L because we appreciate
respect him a lot more than older yet
and even if you can't do that you
forgive any of things that are the past
if you either forgive and move on or you
don't thank you for having success voice
oh really candy baby love put your place
in your honor like mmm I love them all I
love like that way centered on a South
Coast Plaza and we're more girls and the
movies eloquently our flight this iperf
one is amazing I love the ISIS theater
hmm when I go to Tiger I think oMG I
think uh scooter shot or speaker drew
her nails and that target a lot too
Thank You Rachael for the 5000 bars
what's your biggest regret
hmm good question
you can't regret
I'm not wearing condoms majority says I
just thought barn I just missed it I'm
so so sorry
thank you no hmm I could so come by all
this mega big girl but let's go rather
talk about them like an expensive
necklace just a few people do this
Thank You Catherine set a 500 bar a mile
away
I'm job and I knew miles of them
Thank You lovely to bombard is that for
my singing I guess I'm right singing
well thank you well I bet serum one
melon one once I say used to before and
I can't sweep you off of your feet when
my hands don't play the strings family I
know you little love me the same
so now we're loving you yeah where's
Adam see think you people fall in some
mysterious place maybe it's not part of
the plan we ask you but they she lovely
for a thousand more time soon
sing up some songs your there's nobody
this is how we know you get your true
blues you did what we would say it's
really shocked and then Hough return
your to me up click II am so sorry a
thoughts prayers whatever you believe in
are all coming your way time can be your
way Oh lovely took a thousand times for
thank you for those bars I guess I was
keeping read Shirin that's not you in my
room and then was it you smell like
family have this girl I'm gonna get
people off I got this girl huh this
popper of an Ed Sheeran's eye shape of
you will owe to the tune about your
integrity what it was like a Christian
song it's like hold on let me see if I
can find
the Laird it was always MELAS my website
my YouTube :
adhering shape of you person version um
oh yeah but Becca Shay I love her I wish
this on with a typhoon um
Lord you tonight right I guess also here
for it with older just want really bad
do you ever worry about Elvis PJ's
anymore oh my god Jason oh you here for
me but yes I do
all right here's the UM here's what's
one ravaged chocolate muffin for dessert
a second thank you applaud something so
here it is
it's like lordy Noah right huh so the
club is in the best place to find a love
opposed to you is LaRocco me and my
naked hot and if I was getting Mexican
fashion to LA overflow you come over and
set up a conversation with just me in
your job because you understand then you
take my hand you see me away in your
feet and then we start dancing I'm
saying like or do you know I know your
love your love amazing to somebody like
me and now I'm gonna follow Yoli if they
think I'm crazy I don't care I'll say
hey I can't say enough how you lay down
your life so we could eat free so now
I'll follow your lead come come on now
follow his lead you I love it I worship
you whatever you say I will cue you have
my heart show me the truth a lot high
and breathe on me let the glory fill
this room til everything smells just
like you everyday discovering something
brand new
uh hi I'm breathe on me you know it
sucka say I give tried to her it was I'm
amazing
I'm so amazing I was like praise I love
Christian song so much
remember the Christian song Christina
Grimmie cover kill so beautiful cheers
know what I'm talking about
creep what was it
Kentucky ready to cut my food now I'm
going to go up there in a minute
um is it incredible no power found
nothing then whenever we found inside
our eyes alone right
I love such a song I like
I am the - um world - board they who
call me will use a lot of thing all
right as a boss you have no fears been
beautiful in my presence there will be
no darkness no gun I am by of the world
do another song so much favorite musical
Hamilton Bob Hamilton so much how does a
ragtag volunteer army and me of a shower
somehow defeat a global superpower how
do we emerge victorious from the
quagmire and the battlefield waiting
Becky's rifle a higher yo turns out we
got a secret weapon an immigrant you
know in love was on a freight accepted
he's constantly combining confusing the
British Huntsman everyone geared up for
my my favorite fighting Frenchman box i
yeah i'm feeding the trolls muttering
z-critical for his birthday buffet yeah
and remember comes home you come for
about the categories I'm left they get
so I can engage in risky gentlemen
reading them I'm like a yeah ever Prince
more fun I come back more guns and shit
and so abandon ship we rendezvous with
Rosenberg consolidates the gifts we can
end this war or at Yorktown cut them up
at sea but for this is that see that
someone else we need
Hamilton's we know to do lose a little
money what's gonna duel been to me I can
remember what hang out right lucky on
that
oh well be enough for my face to just
need to have hard Dreamcoat
think of me these are before me when we
say goodbye remember me here once in a
while please promise me you'll try
hmm Jason miss you baby oh baby she was
so nice to me back today I really want
to be as Elvis pajamas and knock on some
you know it was very sweet
where you been I be on Twitter on a
level with waffles I'm gonna number two
six ounce bars like one oh four three
two so many prime memorizing myself in
here that huge stories wonderful Liza
reacted hearing your name on my line do
you know what Erin Johnson once you saw
your first letter arrived she says be
careful with status mom
you will do what it takes to survive you
and your work flooded my senses your
sentences left me defensive you're wrong
love the fun oh okay I don't like laying
there
Sandro Morello yeah eat food I am I'm
gonna go get a couple three just looking
where it's wrong tonight I love it um
Thank You ash for the thousand bar you
want to get I won't happen again
who wants to ask for me I guess I'll see
the most and that is my first
interaction with him like face to face
oh I see sometimes let's find out I
think he's at my birthday party
torian's wonderful rivalry dress are you
and my puppy me your puppy Victoria
became crazy I know wait you're kind of
breaking up a little bit Oh
oh no I think you I'm gonna try to put
on my glass I know can you see me
Mickey that is a little blade ma they're
isolated I'm so sad I want to hear you
weigh Edward just BM w-- a tree house my
first oh yeah yeah yeah I was welcomed
back with his name hey hear me here
there Trish yeah it's just like really
choppy wait I see you're safe
let me try to move yeah maybe try Wi-Fi
every time I die I want to talk I'm
sorry like Laura's looking I love using
everyone it's like my numbers oh hi bye
and one of my life gets me all I see
you're going to get a guest for that
once we're speaks Dothraki who speaks
Dothraki choppy here to make you see a
shepherd for the 1,000 bars I'll see
what he comes back in the little chat um
I'm looking Alyssa and her dad this
profile picture so cool
my writing my cell phone is dead why
don't I just ha ha ha
where's it somewhere my life girl if not
she'll be like there's almost ironic
Reaper one more voice on advice on your
lips hurt now they just look like
are you oh you look so cute
thank you uh-oh what's that are you on
youtube I feel like I've seen you before
yeah you have a youtube channel what end
what do you do on there oh no I don't
have one but I just watched you and ah
oh hey who's your favorite besides me
who's your favorite youtuber you sit and
chain ah ah
that seems everything what are you doing
on a summer evening on a summer night
are you doing the exciting thing
nothing I just finished eating dinner
and I my nephews coming well he he comes
to my room to play
I don't you I love it I was hard to say
where you're at that what Oh it times
this 780 step okay eight o'clock sorry
oh yeah I love it oh my gosh from flog
do you argue you know cheating on you no
use watch it I just watch it oh so cool
are you ready to talk oh I hope I'm
opposed to Cabo they just shut up I got
a huge puzzle it's going in and out I
can't hear I'm sorry
oh is it oh shoot miss mines my gosh
feel maybe my connection is not good um
you hear me now kind of all out yeah
okay let me try and reconnect okay like
come back in the shoutouts I ever get
unless it's mine just mine I'm screwed
okay we'll try in a second well I'm
going to draw people come back in the
gastroc pol Jeff you again okay okay um
thank you murder fighter isn't me oh you
calls him home wrong Alyssa I was like
okay okay let's try this even again is
it on is in mind of like sucking up men
who had a CFL song as well
Thank You Maris have a 500 your signal
is great okay while I'm not holding he's
in South Park
okay Steven Mongo right now don't mess
with you mingle this is better pay it
for work in hey Trish oh hi I glow there
you are
surprising look better dancing yes
how are ya laughter hey oh my god where
you hiding a business me oh we've got a
different poppy or different colors
wasn't he his wife is it likely Trish
you're breaking up too huh oh no it's
like a person how much you're cutting
out I'm sorry Trish I don't love you so
much
I think I want to see your dog I'm so
confused is it the same job y'all
learned a few different ones I'm seven
beauties okay just had to mount others
too oh I think you do Mike I'm dead
weight-wise is breaking up
oh my gosh seccomb and my back yeah I do
have boy a girl my camera switched over
to my class for cute oh it's lagging oh
shit
if you're in LA I understand why I would
be lighting a something watch your
frozen frozen let me see I don't know
why it was a my frozen for you hello
look the Wi-Fi all I love him so much
I'm waiting for you to eat okay let's
try one more gas would run away a chakra
chocolate muffin
I'm not having good luck I'm saying
myself Oh Erica thank you for a thousand
bars
um who should I get there's so many key
ones myself love you story is wonderful
by the reactive and online thank you
okay I'm gonna go chuckles up him
oh my bad I even talked about a couple
muffin for an hour now so I'm gonna go
get it
it's right near my kitchen so very far
create some chocolate milk or some
regular milk with this chocolate muffin
I'll be right back
what work and jaha takes up that a man
is loaded but a little bit we know that
is star Eddie enough advisor sneaked
gone through just to watch all the guys
at work work Angelica here's aa and
Peggy the time our sisters know about
Peggy am I don't work daddy turns must
go downtown say doesn't need to know I'm
dead offenses and all of us on down I
said you're free to go but hook around
look around get it covered by me what
we're looking for lies on me I'm looking
for my usually knit I know it's not
funny but your perfume smells like your
dad is that money are you looking for a
second honeymoon do they get tons of
butters for a bachelor or a good boy
picture who give you idea for you to
Stephanie off you disgust me
I'm a stressful baby you can trust me
every moment as I kind of saying some
wholesome and I'm attended I would say
you want a revolution I want a
revelation so this is my declaration we
hope you wait why does bring yet hurry
we hold the weight we hold these truths
to be self-evident that all men are
created equal Ln an atomic represent I'm
about to glue women and of equal worth
why maybe a great person
I may get some milk show line eating
show this is what it comes down to y'all
please don't go son I don't know about
any letter I didn't know any better you
can have whatever you want if you play
you can stay and then that's when I
became the brain tell
very lucky who call me Barry Thank You
amber low Everland read-a-thon wonder
what she's doing here
you don't want ambulance welcome you to
your health well so I do the board
lonely bitch a ground poem of love wait
Halle Berry's I'm so familiar about this
name I believe in that news that is not
personal azan wrong
I'll never that something has put a co2
Animoto fucking trash just Caitlyn
vanilla Robert Thank You NASA Karina for
a thousand bars I'm a chocolate muffin
hi mom glad Ellen I hear you gotta have
some chocolate once in the old time you
have your breakup working I'm serious if
you see Phil 300 calories cherish that
my lips on them I'm already saying all
I'm very little dollar I'll turn actual
Zadar feed on look at your name Matilda
that used to talk with take-up even do
it brucey I'm really Brucie
Thank You steaming over the bar I go bad
poisoned essence and so annoying
I really know how to move out from beach
my will be at bat but that guard of
blood our chocolate it is a flood you
can we pop company a hostel right now
love you my mother told me she says I
don't know hospital I would ask you
better always building
thanks for the life for me
guess you're not even here I wouldn't
see them on the front thing lots of live
shows - hmmmm thank you welcome to
5-under bar goes there and then awesome
thank you guys yeah I need is that is so
moist
it's so bad a problem up advice is
somebody chocolate cake thank you my
falafel moon 3500 we were painting
victors we can pop them up em can't when
she doesn't win earlier well I'm gonna
get 13,000 people stop by I don't have
thousand suck around out good did she
divine meet someone cheese move on five
your favorite food I think I did I
thought someone eat the exact same as my
favor just with it's also really a thank
you proper size of our chef shape so
then you can cute person is Manny ain't
no shame in your game and this is oh my
god that person's shameless yeah I just
work with I love her she's so sweet
my life has NICU and chant that she said
Becky we're gonna binging you back room
in Adams because always handbook Thank
You Rachel for the 5,000 bars
I let me reading chosen Humes I love for
eating your El Paso area
I didn't mean a lot really mmm-hmm that
was so much I see double things I'm not
liking these are light where my hands
I'm not working with maker except your
friend boiling some things we should
price without now
I missed your standing all the shame I
didn't heal every time i dinner so
probably not now your creatures had me
turn a busy for resale I'm going get on
the females are doing a lot of fun
from halt I'm presently bench uncle Musa
man that happens to the best of us we
think what canna I like here enough
super sweet thank you and the gala foosh
one for the thousand bars mom guests in
Berlin amberlynn never likes to get
Swiss people go Tony was trained in Jiro
hello ma'am I would be seen I would be
legit terrified but I was like die of a
heart attack has been so scared I'm not
a fucking ghost
I have napkins right here so another
point but we're so evil you wanna see
your mondo income bones have a clear
mind about that and you should make fun
of eating shows so hard for look I know
he doesn't so we're up with a hypocrite
add to mine so I give this a oh I love
me chose drew them out when he does like
dog god I'm like something less than
shuffle crazy
I don't log vlog on like a Oh each other
disgusting like you know usually I get
it sometimes if you videos look at the
soft boxes these videos wet season
there's another face you watch people's
videos like different jokes is aerobic
making am refers as Mark IV videos being
one video simply do such a stupid thing
ever but I don't know whatever do is
don't sticking the game right I've ever
night by columns I just think it's so
whatever but it's not my place right to
say I say so stupid well no your am
saying ISM
hypocrite or drill wonders own exam for
it um Aquarius and camp there yeah see
you again for have to subscribe AK to my
friends I'm fish this morning to shit
you're right let's go down hardly go
down in about a minute
alcohol moves oh my god that's good idea
Thank You Liam Carson from soundbars
should do an alcohol move on why is that
an amazing idea I'm writing it down
little list of Oh Peppa title is that
you Iroh daughter like one sighs I mean
where were they even going with that
buzz the same main thing then we'll send
the best restaurant who wasn't man and I
called a drunk bomb stop buddy you in
the clever
these are cleverer than most people so
put the pop and the flap Shabab dress
loops but thank you out of the five hair
bar who love them man now like shake it
hey are you a little just curious
Oh like a little person
I wish the awesome I was not sure I'm
totally like really tall the other day I
think Thanks three but um why I love cuz
you know a lot of like a love every song
I feel for make you happy or every time
I don't know how inception for to make
you happy gommi only wanna send aha
Thank You Dylan Brooks with a thousand
bars there's always a sad me and Dillon
Brooks steps away on life should be all
about John yeah
don't say I'm hot
I'll go fall dating event expend money
if you actually will act like we are
effective or or I've never I just to for
my life
evidence matter like this isn't like a
known thing that this Buffalo is ID in a
really pretty body really gorgeous in
body I just I remember waking up and
looking at him cause it was like
daylight it was like morning right and
waking out cuz I get up early and I just
feel like staring and body is like huge
as I completely naked on like my silk
sheets
there were silver gold sheets and handle
release and body and who in only like
wow so smooth and is what is so nice and
his abs are so great like he is probably
like besides my Jason Momoa Khal Drogo
he's highlighting her bag I'm offended
by element things but wasn't stabbed on
with my things out so I just finally you
never talk to someone again it's weird I
really like him I was I really like
different one way I got screwed up
somehow in humor gauges also occasion
really I heard that like as a rumor I
didn't if that was true
yeah I heard all the jokes oh I'm having
a pipe looking sick wonky like the gas
girl we know that Michigan was like we
were perfect I was like oh my god are
you actually like recent I should have
much the fetish yes um I love you so
much
are you still guessing people I actually
have an are over an hour so like it off
like people things just add up my video
for tomorrow you should do a Jeremy oh
it's America's fat video yeah like good
Disney Creek oh my god is Game of
Thrones care cuz a fat bitch yes bitch
I'd be doing that if Game of Thrones
starters gonna be hard to do it's an
awful like a CGI right Thank You Monica
from I'm in a Bart um we're all here in
the near deny tune
I'll jump on tourism
l.joe Kemal 70,000 bar bitch listen
sighs I forget I'm kidding thank you I
don't really know these bars and
applause and hearts and falafels me but
I appreciate all of them in the thumbs
up you just don't have week so and that
is a weird story as weird it's not bad
it's not scandalous it's weird
thank you arm backing me for the 500
what's that behind you suspect song
flight model actually the lot of editing
shows all that and they will see us
tomorrow it will be seen officially
that's nice what do you think about Jon
Snow Harrington
Nina hop it was like the traditional
hottie that everyone liked like you saw
peter dinklage is hot when the guy who
is doing in Lenexa give me literature
top but i don't think you need the scarf
boys are hot I don't think beyond ha why
does this person keeps me dolphin tiger
question works
he came with Ron Paul right now I'm so
money
Thank You Dorothy for a thousand bars
delicious meat surveys hot he is hot
Jason NASA did you I read that on base
in the mole was video and I kind of
freaked out for a bit I was wait what so
where did he say this you see the white
sweat I was so excited and honestly if
they were probably am and they needed
another wife I would be so down I'm you
so zombie wife number two I was from
second Lisa Bonet and go mmm
teasing Dave Navarro's hot Dave Navarro
was married to Carmen Electra right I'm
not appeared ah
like what do you know that I want to say
yes but I feel like I remember because
they had till death is heightened right
like Sehun reality show and I feel like
it's kind of charming little dishonest
thank you on you the final run you
should use an accident what that that
was the exciting update selling on that
someone just I do an STD with long life
Thank You Gabriela thousand bars some of
the juice and a CD for online I smell
them out like trying to ask you in lie
ever like I don't know so funny since if
I don't know how it's been to get as one
way it was not while you have United me
on youtube I think lol I have been army
to your money Mallory okay I do you
actually regret net you'll have a dragon
said we I will fuckin marry you right
now you were never an expose if you
offer rabbited no no I had more to that
sorry but no mmm-hmm so not been a good
life for me not but I did not it was not
a bit it was not a happy place for me
and I probably had a full hours not too
spicy but really maybe I'm a $300 you
and look at my channel here I mean I
have you now from back in the fucking
day like a wall awfully time ago awesome
so I want to tell you like six years
five years maybe like a like an OG an
hour will you guys for a YouTube shout
out would divert a few thousand trees
what up in trade alright guys I'm going
to head out
well you know I've got some videos I got
some your sister - our I want to get
coding in bed I felt lemak hold on from
the day I was I actually was doing quite
a bit okay
the records out um but we'll eat candy
flabby ocean every time
oh you simple drop fizzing that bomb um
something I love me I can't with it
Thank You Joshua fry to 500 bars I'm
leaving in a minute I just got to call
you this PT's like a Python picking up a
time bomb Joey's doing so wait the world
screaming getting who's that again
explode who says it can but it's all
about them she plays a fiddle and Irish
fans burn up with an Englishman of a
kiss on baby just one thing a pretty
little doll brave girl
thank you for fighting her bard singer
here's a song I wanted to talk to us a
song you if you were like that you saw
then you what since a chick you can
treat you attacked me off my feet again
got a feelin like a nothing I walk with
my head down trying to block you out so
don't ever is rescue you that's gonna
honor them but you can take me down just
one single blow you don't know what you
don't know and someday I'll see living
in a barrel city and all you you're
gonna be here to be wrong say ah see big
enough for you can't hit me and though
y'all record I see is lame why are you
gonna be song
I love so much um you make a great
country singer it's so funny that when I
was a really little girl I actually have
approached to do a country like sign to
a country label which was so crazy I was
young I was like 12 y'all I mean Alice I
like even eleven vibes looks like 16
probably at 11 years old and this person
like when I drank I seen carey's yeah I
was in country on me back then I only
listened to country songs back then
asking country and yeah I got approached
to like it was a big label cue and we
had was gonna see it was like a big
thing and I was like a lot more fearless
back then and I could sing more
conference you are mean for the 500 bars
um very working DC chicks it was that
roll song hood Earl has a - nice Wayne
I'm going out yeah I'm feeling Oh laughs
okay
oh no no boy there he remains no one
yeah I'm gonna dream sha ha ha the best
thing about being a woman is a
prerogative to have a little fun yeah
uncle ollie crazy Magan Elena
Thank You Morgan three three four four
two five two five four thousand bars oh
um how do you memory so many songs it's
one of those things one is how does
memorize like it's just isn't it forever
um are you done eating right yeah but I
need to go I'm like I could just I just
talked and sing all day but I love you
guys but I'm happy annoying myself I
love you guys I'll see you soon
gently chef eonni your summer stars into
my life be kind to yourself the kind of
those around you is free and it's easy
and it's our human right okay I love you
guys I'll see you soon if you hadn't
missed me this show or any weather like
shows I always have them on youtube.com
questions like I'm gonna have some vlogs
and obsession will be through tomorrow
so check that out I love you and Oh blah
oh I can because he's her she's I can't
do that some of them my guys
