I just sprinted up the room up the
stairs teach you guys by the ways I know
look at my babies they finally came in I
have all my little dragon babies they're
finally with their mama and their normal
alright
um guys I brought my own here like I
Drive my own hair and I don't know that
much of it for the first time looking so
bad in literally years yeah I haven't
done that in like yard as a little car
myself like I kind of owe him that
last-minute dinner but way out to dinner
with Sergio who is a friend of mine
slash business partner and I kind of
just didn't really plan ahead to get
like my sentence in so I'm going like
Kroy to like a nicer place actually my
favorite places pump you put that way
this is my stomach I'm just taking
Instagram tech and I let me show the
blow of this krebons of blogging shut up
he'll eat in for helping me design my
phone case I have my Dita Von Teese
glasses that I just found these are soul
but love them I have these Pumas don't
worry they're brand new and my Henri
bundle I'm like GI Barbie right now with
my little dragon babies and necklaces on
me um yeah I'm not going to buy
sunglasses fix everything so it's the
light ups actually like 7:30 but it's to
layout it is pop these on and it's like
oh is that I just can't with the makeup
it makes it lately has been bugging me
and and well it's really really dark in
this restaurant so I'm like this but I'm
so sure you guys love in a minute I just
haven't really been doing all that much
because I have some really exciting news
coming towards
the end of next month and some really
big exciting things so I kind of in just
taking a break and like chillin
I love it but like obviously cuz it's
something really rude video good sense
so once that really really big thing
happens you guys are all going to know
and you're like oh damn Trish yeah so
that's happening plus there's like a
million other big projects that I'm
working on with Sergio and whatever you
to start up something it always takes
like a minute anyways I don't know what
I mean blogging about you guys don't
know about oh my god I have to show you
this really cool I don't have a human
unboxing in my blog channel oh by the
way and I've talked about this in a blog
before but hello new bellamy hair I'm so
excited I got the Platinum in my native
is my favorite because it's the longest
they have 24 inches and I got Sabu Gotti
because it's like super super thick it
doesn't curl well but if you want a lot
of thick hair and you only want like one
piece this is it and they have an
implant as well they have a bunch of new
colors this is not sponsor I'm an
affiliate and I do have a code if you
guys want say money I use it myself it's
Trish for five dollars off and I do use
it because I've been way here
I mean sometimes we'll go in and like
get something here but a lot of times it
by myself let you guys look at this box
it's a pusheen box that I say it how
cute so I give you guys a little sneak
peek I kinda wanted to like a proper
unboxing on my main channel but I got
the cutest thing ever oh my gosh I'm
dying they have a subscription box okay
so one telling times they might write in
to let me know if you wanna see an
unboxing how'd you do on the blog in the
main channel Thai doesn't matter right I
don't know gotta cool oh there's my
temporary and Lannister I have a stark
one but it's being washed became a
throne swine yeah I like so much pitch
goes up on
okay timeout don't kill me those shoes
definitely don't go but they are so
comfy and I never wear them but this is
a look this is the aesthetic we're going
for it so my sister's shoes I should
probably like wear some black wedges and
be like a classy home but anyways this
is to look for the night
these are like kind of girls right but
they're Puma they're Rihanna ooh I feel
like they're bougie but I just do more
dressed up than I normally get when I
got Sergio so I'm trying but that's my
effort kind of Ryan no effort effort
without see my houses to notice the
cleanest those cleanest my mates came
this lazy but should not do that you
know that this is a fashion of a dress I
won't talk about fashion over and I
always hope they're really cheap and
gross but I've worn this dress like so
many times as actually so cute I guess
like really good shape so what a fashion
Nova Henri Bendel bag I am just like
telling it in the low grand game you
know what I'm saying no offense I know I
want to use every can change what that's
like not offensive I like live for the
low bring low print everything do is be
our ask Tom I get the lobster pasta it's
so good this is my second little dream
call this is so fucking fun to share
Sergio you look good into finding on
yourself but I'm going to love do your
fake smoking
this is earlier there's moving Caesarea
go what about you like a model in a
foreign mom his form but now he's
American so he's not mourn anymore I
told them I don't wear makeup was it was
so dark in here in a matter if I wore
makeup anyway so you can't see Sophie so
we're theme dinner love surgery desire
fancy date night we have to exact you're
eating fish it's so good here comes up
we're finishing up now he got me take
too broken up
so you're looking at our Instagram pic
yeah so that way put this hair in the
front I did it he asked her do you se
wasn't worth screen you're personally
useless yes I go home when I watch the
replays of the night of my day just to
make sure everything was solid enough
about me ice cream I'm not ready for
like half a million people watching I'm
sorry there's a million that's three
million thank you for the extra ice
cream
$50 is a designer you like I don't know
no you're just talking about a husband
glass my chest now there D always
there's no surgeon always even have
you're going to recoup I can add it to
what I'm not going to know 30 always
taking out any always think you did a
nice places
please think all you get to see them you
don't want to date me otherwise you see
baby
please everything he's on sender is out
here in LA I know that to do that good
ad yeah I am I think I have my camera
it's the blogging world pilot crazy now
we just laugh pump it was no joke where
we think of it surging 1 kilogram okay
you're English everything English - this
is cute um port a mad condom
uh he's Uruguayan everybody shout out to
Uruguay I would have known possible if
you're here glance
oh look at that bar let's go in there
buck Oh
laughs yeah it is some gold I'm fucking
oh thank you
I'm in
