tie spray tan um okay guys I am like in
bed I should actually put sheets over me
because I have no pants on I'm in bed
and I was getting my latest Instagram
session armpits I don't know this is
going off to a great start
I'm in bed and I was Instagram comments
and I did this a spray tan residue I
showered but it's there and I have my
Europe anyways I look mad in this kind
of point of this video so I was on my
Instagram and some people were like lol
they do smash LOL did you tweet what is
this spammed why isn't one spamming me
with this I'm gonna cue it up
why does everyone see me with this
whatever like I listen about like this
person's like not following me
he has like half a million follower the
thing I wasn't saying like that I'm just
saying like the others have a million
followers but this is his main channel
he has a half a million on his YouTube
channel um which is Tina not too shabby
let me go to his thing
just some reckoning my numbers wrong
anyways it's really funny um Jason Jason
Nash has five hundred forty nine
thousand does not follow me has kids
kinda hot like nothing a why he looked
really familiar I want to stand to get
someone tinder
uh I like googled him and he was like
known for vine but I never gotten to
find no she towards my never identifying
don't know any vine stars um and he's go
and I was like okay this is we're right
up before me to date I'm going to say
some things I'm like go on the Instagram
story I'm wanting his Instagram I guess
Twitter I'm like did he tell people to
spam me like is he trying to give
attention to his name's Jess if I can
work for me I'm like okay so anyways
cute to this
let me turn y'all around here and
arrested who I love okay ready so this
is everything she's so great the way he
shows like porn like literally for and
then like the way he shoots down as like
pornographic a right
I have someone in mind I do know
attrition fetuses okay so wait a minute
you saw somebody I found someone that I
think you and her would be very
compatible colas she's 36 3/8 2906 River
you know Cheers
there's like half hour long video having
to make Mount Everest ready to the
YouTuber alliterative is to release mark
somebody today
how do you take every appliance I would
this is a setup right now whatever I
cool
I have to kind of talk with you later
you have a lot of matches I get your
office awful oh really I just remember
you're not apply late door imagine
everyone up not really
multiple person but I get so let's just
me there all right okay so back to this
girl like if you can't send me up on a
date with her very well tonight I'll go
tonight oh my god that's so soon as you
don't ask you're out of ice I want a
date or if I get so much it's just meter
it'll just give me her can you shoot at
me kick all remember girls women oh my
god DNC like an engineer lead a party I
didn't know we're ending at me anyways
so anyway I love oh my god what happened
oh there we go I love the under wrestler
obviously I'm crying on you remember
well I can remember um and obviously
right I was like I wasn't really excited
I was like oh my god I was really cool
it's like oh my god and he wants to vlog
it hello my life is just for vlogging
with that's all I want to do that's only
reason one day is have to keep boyfriend
vlog with um and could you imagine
doesn't playing daddy
like an actual daddy I like it's like Oh
daddy and he's like an actual guy
anyways I was like actually let me
follow him so yeah funny like whatever
the fuck then I realized I'm fucking
catfishing him the way I can fish myself
every fucking night I go to bed they
showed him we find that pic charm
I mean this took okay this picture this
is when I showed him why is that not
focusing there we go
that picture took two men three and a
half hours to get like that plus a spray
tan
plus fresh fruits it means that is not
this this is not this this is not the
same this is a Kappa
he so like hey if you want to control on
a date and film it you are getting this
you are getting spray tan worn off you
are getting frizzy fucking hair broken
off into many extensions into anything I
could pop a few extensions in but I'm
gonna be this sector no that's no that
takes a team oh hi I was googling him
dad Jason Knapp anyways point is I
thought it was so fucking funny and I
actually got kicked out of it and I love
it I love vine stars that go to YouTube
I don't know if that is that absolutely
that raises is that snobby today
complain stars on whatever um I would
want to date with you you have to come
like this it has to be in my bed and I
have to be able to log into he has
lovely real weblog channel it's just as
much to do it actually more than your so
we could do a double blog and what if we
just hold like you're right here where's
my right here you can be Cal drug them
okay you're just here and I'm here and
we just do this the whole time like your
cameras on me my cameras on you this is
how we talk and we look at each other in
the viewfinder
anyways that was everything and more I
love it I don't ever do it recommend it
to anyone
also I have it looks like a skin disease
but spray tan coming off I don't wear
underwear but we can't show that on
YouTube so uh yeah um I swear I saw this
guy on tinder look there's no way I know
her by I never watched a vine in my life
so there's no way I know from that
square of seam on there before you guys
know matenda chorim and i'm breaking up
alright guys I was like editing a vlog
and I was like you know what this is
this priority I got to put this up first
so what up jason mash me she subscribe
you two were dating
okay I'm going to talk to guys soon
there'll be new vlog tomorrow so this is
not the blog there was an eating show
before this and I filmed in my live show
this is the block tomorrow ah love you
check me check eonni son of my starts
did you come mmm
bye guys
