if anyone's here hi here just doing the
day as a grind you know telling everyone
I'm here people had a Cheney alfredo
slide eating shit well she's here does
anyone have their food I'm post me to
groceries and I ordered food
double-booking whammy so excited Allah's
way I ordered it closer to the times of
time I just worked out and I'm starving
so I ordered some fettuccine alfredo I
got a shitload of groceries like junk
food and shit so until Instagram
Instagram hey what's up y'all this order
some food groceries I'm gonna be eating
it live and I'm packing my groceries
live on you know so type on it and come
chat say hi it's doing with me live
slice up my favorite thing this is my
favorite feature if you guys follow me
on Instagram after status like I
literally always been swiping up as I
think it's so much fun okay I always
just long contra see my post many people
look super hot we're going to chat all
going to happen in manias and Royal Thai
red blogs - coming so a long channel is
not dead I put you guys the show on the
blog channel my name is watch your show
sure but I have logged up at it from
yesterday and say give it a turn yeah
put your hands up pick to put
is just blessing then restarts dead and
now you can let go you know launch oh
let me run it you hungry
thank you David Oh Steven I got your DM
I'm gonna mess you back that's fucking
crazy like mind blow when you told me
that literally the coolest thing ever
I even know like this is all rock python
so how do you dare we didn't just speak
I swear I thought I saw your nothing I
see
look II know him at thank you for the
applause 15 Addison so I love you now I
get a dick did you guys know when I like
something I get really addictive and I
like you a lot and I burn myself out of
it and then I'm gonna play next same
flat for now and he doesn't girl someone
told me last time to go with your girls
so here writing I also just worked out
my deal mark with it Africa shot write
everything but companies invoke dubbing
I was working out - why didn't you do
this earlier I defeat dominoes dominoes
ones me thank you could jar eonni for
the bars sticky bars
I just looking just one creaky family
and me oh by the way live performance
video is up everyone the vacuum it took
forever the guy actually who would be
off for I didn't actually find in my
poori cleaner did and I was kind of like
oh my god the whistles dude deal
thinking my dad is worried for some
lemonade for the part um and I like what
to do and then I took like literally
forever like I I wouldn't use them again
just because I am really I like steps
would be post it on like wraps like I
wanted as soon as possible so months
later I know it's like wings like why
are you posting this on because I just
got it i got actually a week ago but
here's of doing did you like me Anthony
Michael Hall to you today dozen regular
all was on watch what happens live last
night I watched like the clips that they
put on YouTube I didn't see this meet oh
the the one yeah I was the one where
that videos background I said I thought
it was really funny um chat environment
oh oh my god Brian and I al one of my
hometown we hate it though sorry girl
specific street by Rosa were some town
to meet personally shoutouts Long Island
come to NYC love in Pennsylvania I Trish
Organic emigrate me without your real
name which I doubt which you know
honestly you shouldn't use it really
come internet height like restart it all
this I would have probably used a safe
game or something
I mean India case a new songs if there
isn't know how great messaging around me
believe it or not what help with el
compadre but I don't know I could take a
from there I was no good will just water
companies growth today like spitting out
when I put in the fridge would you fit
maybe I thought about actually going by
Trisha but my last name Karen kina I did
for a while actually on my face I was
Barbie Tarantino before I was frightened
off Barbie because I was Barbie Chanti
not one like people butter it's like was
married to him or related to him some by
Drupal widget thought that but like a
family changes I can hate to cry no
party did you eat tacos tacos went on
the website oh my god yes backless is
everything coming out both my clothes
nice are arriving this is kind of like
was really awkward there right at the
same time I'm gonna eat and I'm happy
groceries is to meet so lit today little
clothing um simply doesn't go off um I
suppose me hi it's good two of them are
hot
Thank You cutie for the bar um I went
some private messages fifty like yay
what will they like that last time we
should really keep like record you
should keep track rat four thousand
almost five thousand likes right now
this is a cry thanks for the applause
wouldn't be a CD applause especially
gone the playback Oh season myself with
Stephen it's so crazy it is crazy that
like there's like this am so weird it's
crazy there's like realize people that
watch your videos don't even do videos
or even you now it's like it's true
trippy sing when you like me a human
because you're like wow you're real
person and right first I do it before
like wow you're like a real person the
number one thing I guess we just wanted
to say they order finish left I swear to
goodness I almost ordered pain Express I
just I just got off another game of
Thrones two episodes binge I do two
episodes on the elliptical which is like
two hours and I like upset like one of a
binge
you need to do Meetup
hopefully the tour will be like a
meet-up right that's what I'm hopefully
I don't know how this all work
I'm like not completely involved in like
the technical part of it like tickets
and stuff but artistic part thanks for
the applied Michael B does anyone been
watching America's Got Talent
we need you to move out of america
clinics less real um I have like two or
three like I said a lot probably even
more said like the Chinese takeout ahead
like noodle I had a phone call panda
expert I haven't September Express miss
long yeah I think I have a penny to
people I think you jargon fred barnes
kind of just brush his last one - oh my
god i'm mouth to God's ears
um no I watch the clips of America's Got
Talent
on YouTube because I watched one and now
they're always recommended to me and I
get really drawn in I saw the
brother/sister roller skating which is
crazy but which ones I can talk about
and all that that's crazy I like made me
cry i forgot what i was i cry does it
mean for so talented I was more
important talented I want more energy
they usually do these Leonor's like cop
asleep about open packages I got shall I
got lots dude but I was I was productive
- like a mini Channel video today and
you guys should wash my face repost me
raising you breakfast nutritionist kind
of dishes tresh right cuz we're kind of
just talking Wow roof is rough I just
okay attending that has 15k I want to go
watch rubriz world who is ruthless world
success soon
I don't ever actually even look at other
people like on like I don't I don't
think it's other people being on here
when narcissus did me I think he loves
that enough would you ever do speak you
you ever do a Broadway show
oh my god I would I I would I like I'm
not talented enough but I would
definitely dream job even though they
don't get paid they are so underpaid
even the top stars underpaid like but
like even the ensemble and running was
in an apartment on believe those people
get so underpaid I'm like these people
are no talented but you know there's a
lot of talented people in this world I
think get this listen talent by the way
shout out to you twins I tweeted them on
my Twitter
oh thank you for the 50 lifetimes to is
them well these two twins that said why
I was a queen of each if they were so
great I was going to go some more
effective I was talking about
oh the talent they were so sweet her
life personal she's a superstar she can
sing you dance but also her talent is
just people like her large than life
personality really close really mokume
heart and there were so few
so working co different means we working
after practice a moment to me I have to
be mu communes
dm's me all I love her ID number two I'd
like sometimes I forget sometimes I look
at things for I could see him to have
been feeling over specification y night
like I thought I'd got doesn't look far
enough but anyways um but she told me
she's having a package from Australia
and I'm got it girl I should tell you I
think like it was like lost in
translation what I was like meaning I
did get it I'm just like waiting to like
open and unlock some black Alice I do it
like no I'm going to do it to my main
channel cause it's so so cute worth of
food I'm ready it's common girl as I
hear of their own both here it's my
place is a little complicated let's see
whether that we both say delivery now
drink wine with me I special for classes
I'm sure it's like I try to do it around
like seatpost 7 o'clock 6 o'clock I said
I just when people is dinner or resemble
too early I don't know almost a 4
o'clock it is always time for wine I
agree I have some more oh my god that
guy's dream worship today
alright I would maybe I'll come back on
later I'll have class 20 other but I
accepted him in LA because I'm like way
behind everybody else so when I'm like
relaxing lie down I was already looking
in bed like fuck you bitch
shush I love you your selfie you did you
see honeymoon want to be seated effing
are in America count I had not seen her
and I did you hear though that won
America's Got Talent
there was a contestant that like was
amazing was like a doctor I think music
a singer or something where he was you
to the boys to men songs and it hasn't
aired yet I don't know when our air poor
he died I was gonna be so young and so
sad Dussel shakes me it shakes me so
much I mean all these tragedies do but
Kaddish is something with this young
doctor the talented with lot for me just
America's Got Talent like your life is
just gone
anything about this because it can just
be taken from you in a fly
ah oh my god I got really sad okay
I need not be but that's fucking when I
talking like that I go oh my god food is
here
good people showing up at the same time
they both shot the same time super walks
and he has to come make a second trip
because I got a bunch of jury well
that's embarrassing I ordered too much
right live food ha
I got linguine I think you actually cook
contrary hey if you guys want to feed me
what I cook the next key now like me my
cooked meals that I could get home which
is not really cooking up with grilled
cheese and pasta thumbs up this video
which is not a video okay oh haha
dumb my favorite I love you guys I am I
go to the gym like twice oh wow five
thousand bars hunter Hayley blue thank
you chocolate muffin okay Eddie animal
must to use five thousand bars I'm gonna
ask you to make a 505 oh my god what
your says I feel like Shay slash loot
tips I don't know what you like honestly
I eat one too oh my god no that's not
I'm getting my period y'all this is my
period food haul Yama Muffy is so good
then it I'm lucky I'm so annoying like
bitch Special K and I'm going to play
this play absentee legacy for backup
oh my god a reorganize this new bunch of
frozen stuff show thank you for the like
autumn be how's everyone doing this is
going here just give her the Garter now
why are the bursary of first mate when
my favorite things ever the raspberry
sorbet dub rosen bars so them some skim
milk to affirm a special K this is the
Finnerty anyone's edges that went gone
now have one look I love these corns oh
my god are sober like I can speak this
he actually just actually sure she knows
the crew she's too perfect
why is that funny Game of Thrones joke
better they make sense actually aa whole
futile right I'm like a child I'm a
teenager like I was 10 year old with her
period have you bled yet dub I should
just see all that I'm still hungry
before I have to Ricky I think it's a
cold definition and plus I guys coming
back my favorite cookies used to have
these as a kid so good you guys love
this you're making me so hungry I know
seriously he had a secret room sorry all
I making myself angry I just love we eat
the exact same things and I post me
every day to genre you are my twin no my
sister from another mister I get the
worst munching letter here I get it
right before my period that's one joy
blow Mia I know I'm eating a lot
I'm else come on girl raise your timing
a period coming with yours and winter
clothes
there you see
refrige real quick pull em look at them
look at the fridge right now it's legit
just liquids ahead I said you were so
loved by me and many other people
thank you have I also sleep I really do
appreciate that micro no se all liquid
this is this hashtag Fred gold I am like
a glidin lately hope you can eaten so
much I don't care
kind of make up shit you're like a mom
creases like a nice in the house I know
but they don't say my house loss if I
literally eat them all I almost got a to
bond today because I know you love like
you love to watch eat in there and I
forgot some totally needs which is
totally you want to bread roll and roll
and put the ground with grilled cheese
nice I just in a Trader Joe's all this
morning on my other channel okay we're
gonna sit down eat in like two minutes
he just coming back with some drinks
that want to eat you what should I have
to drink not mine boom
really would hear you say
they're everything
Oh
okay is anyone still here sorry I'm
coming I'm going with it
wait did a client when you heard my
phone go on the cut thank you for the
thousand bars sorry about that oh my god
this is scary
your phone was timing did it pot or
still here it cut okay let me wash my
hands
no I should have handed some robots
though oh yeah so funny I actually had a
small conversation while I'm alive Jim I
got keys we didn't cut we hood up and
then I got to see us off and marinara
okay I'm going to give you at the full
fee MLS with the Senate also you very
much
I also got all these drinks delivered
this is my stock up on Laphroaig anxiety
oh oh oh my goodness okay I'm so hungry
I'm starving
we can find the key it's always like 20
minutes in my live shows that me plenty
I got hookah which is so yummy what will
change we go to chat a second he was
very pretty quick
vegan he saw me on a video channel
little you know freely or vegan cheetah
bikini be hanging with me already
okay well yeah he was you're not worried
what to do this year what does it matter
soon as well what I mean the thing is my
address is out there and what our people
are show up it so much bread hmm my
little pony at medieval times like all
those dragons up why do you freak kind
of hit it off of him huh mmm-hmm what's
always destiny hmm I just um just
thinking that why do you think I don't
practice it
I remember this last night I'm a lot of
things have a lot of sheets on a lot of
problems I'm jealous
and bitter I'm dramatic but one hand
back in the back words are really truly
like want people to be happy as I know
how awful and should it feels to me like
bullied and picked on and be treated
poorly like I would never want that
thank you asking he ever comes up oxygen
madam mmm thank God you guys were alive
actually something crazy
put your on it member you could a great
person re thank you
what is up right up Susan here
what is your her obsession Game of
Thrones thank you Mark permit 50 bars
Hall shame awareness it was longer doing
that with long dead over to Emily should
be no it was everything really nice I'm
really hot
the new familiar my new school I never
know what to say people only in their
exes I don't know something to cover
like overrides EPA lying what does that
mean
awesome I'm poisoning myself every day
with everything to do so we've never got
the vegan cheetah I usually try to live
from vegan cheetah
he is crazy talk about our relationship
like changing somebody like they are the
craziest as hopeless like not real
losses not real scar with a fake
breaking up a facing Mouse and I'm like
as your lifetimes nothing else that you
have to fake it
I want pasta I'm too susceptible to your
dresser hmm
awesome Jones or how I got arrested this
awesome Jones
Thank You Natalie 4,000 bars um that's
what happened to myself to you online um
that I was a partner with the wrong
business I it made me so hungry
that's what I do so I know for some I go
to the hot tub
I'm I get warm bread or do you thing
about Logan Bob I just hole wake up with
me this morning talking about him a lot
poppin him mmm so good
what everyone doing summer in the
sitting meet someone looking pretty
excusing this I know it's not funny put
a few preach don't let your dad is that
money
Thank You Madison that's all for up
thousand five so here food um yeah um
mmm area wasn't even are you already at
me just one nail down what is it
fighting on your own ooh girl at home
good Hamilton yes you watch the
restaurant now I don't muscle I know who
hates be on one gate with Rome's need
stop with a Fred it's too good
it literally says on the postman effort
if there's two to three people or more
just just here alright data free by
Withey you I just worked out and I guess
those people can be like you're not
hungry anymore if you work out my phone
I'm starving Fettuccine Alfredo thank
you for the life two more again a dead
may also like you
after seeing yours item have to guide
them or you did them I'm swimming to
send nother Donny Osmond fan hi hey
Church shaky I'm young
eating burgers with you yes oh look at
how
Chiqui that is that is or dick Luca has
the black fettuccine and is so much food
mmm mommy dragon home so much lovely
film Thank You Victoria for the 500 bars
you know the sound looks long started
Korean girls will do it live over in
Korea and they would have Nair with the
people also recorded for my channel what
this feels more natural like we're
actually every time I'm here to see you
see on crime scenes of fry right now and
I just ended finish up that busy
dime-a-dozen city where daddy answers
from Ogden Orem as in Orem it wasn't
nothing on the video your birthday party
no update I just needed it and it's
still open should be decided to now
mmm-hmm was it a mouth-watering
squirrels go Joe thank you folks up to
the bar
Wow we 8,000 people in here at one point
has 8.1 care what about the a flan cake
arises 1,700 messes 8.1 came this is my
dream of eating right oh my god we need
to gather love
when I saw Brianne says my favorite
vincent's your drama Thank You Chelsea
from bars
what's the Vincent to your drama office
I know when I want to throw shoes you do
not going to eat everything the two
despot I don't want to go into all that
right now Oh Clara reaches here hello
Clark do you think it's even Mike
Stephen you're so sweet
one of the names show that your real
name even Bengal was upgrading have you
ever come down McAlary hmm yes I have
done it before not recently
I'm on as like little mini break like a
staycation why my stuff the world meet
you I want someone decide you're
gorgeous of them stuffing my face which
is most Indian mutual so much oh thank
youumm which would puff up let their
attentions Bomi they asked you to I'm
not fun I'm going to Philly it fell
excuse McCoy Trish I'm gum an affiliate
but when you get you just found but I
buy my own here sometimes they'll hook
me up sometime um what an end like
whatever but I got so much hair from
them like on my own and have this new
platinum color I'm a mother
their performance is fabulous thank you
I was reading some comments morning I
might actually make it's time to wake up
video wake up with me video I'm like ah
she's right and I think um once at the
bar sucks look nice
I'm surprised I thought I was gonna get
ripped apart
I have fun I loved it and for my first
one
- or BAM hi this is so much fun to do
live show yv there's something really
like fun about it I honestly like don't
I feel like I'm not a loser right Syd
and I eat my food and then I finish it
sometimes they like cry not crying like
a sad way but it's like cries that my
soul alone this is fun I talk for it to
be together
Ginnie Mae your fans for your 30th I
totally can see you actually I be
everything I know about that what do i
do top this for my 30th I don't know
ma'am I guess we'll see sentences hmm
thank you so much room the tips oh my
god am i sign my suit guten Appetit was
that me and some was that from German
and just walking my son my stars is
chutney Strachan Yanni right I'm gonna
say that right cuz I wonder my dress
Roxy right you know when I meet Mike
he'll come on that why I'm walk is I
know I can't watch me blossom on guys
I'm subscribers so many news block
channels and I watched on me was long
that now just keep recommending me long
after was long after move on and I just
get really hungry
mmm-hmm no one Mikie Shanti I'm sorry
was your favorite respond town um I
think we have someone in their industry
going number one a girl who their
industry right you ask someone who's a
bus a car as who's the best painter
whatever you know mean I drove a car
through your painter it's so hard to
like this one because like you mean I
don't think I don't think we can move on
like me is that that's not something but
but I love when change would you most
want you to do up like he would have I
eat Mexican food with me and stuff is
much tougher I was like and blob those
but I want a mater I watch too much
Michel Lang it's under Danish meat
something I still want to scroll to eat
with chunky um
Wendy's eating should I watched a little
bit um I tried to watch Nakata avocado
but I can't when someone this is so
broken so now I want to eat like what
someone like verbs or farts when they're
eating like school I don't even like it
anyways but when you're eat like Oh
kinda douchy gross out like can't with
him um I got show me eating shows
there's this like Korean girl that I
watched I have to look it up
there's like an Asian girl we have to
cram she does really interesting any
shows where they're always like a
foreign McDonald or like weird egg shine
no we're not when I phone call came into
this pause and I got Apple of you
separately set us up with my live shows
my grass up with them separately or did
it continue to record anything
mmm that by beating curb thank you for
the five thousand bars time soup no it
didn't cause no continues okay and I'm
with this girl because she actually is a
pretty good uh regional who's like not a
popular one like shouldn't do like your
circle you need like shadow
my subscription y'all climb a campus at
Christmastime he was grown which you
post almost every day it's going to be
I'm looking for a show you better find a
channeling
Thank You Bert obviously have to
unsubscribe to face dirty imported Swiss
valya Taylor sniper whoop Tara Bob
Babcock blog or insanity key home and
Berlin Colleen vlogs 20 Williams - drama
alert and my club where our scale Beauty
psycho Sopranos simply mess up Ballinger
family Holly Anne well Franco I'm trying
to find the bike move mom Lord Rahl is
that Sinclair girl upper big buckles GG
Wendy Susi Shane Tana lisbug maximally
so don't watch his videos mmm of course
like this move on girl like is just not
okay no I mean may December society
they're crazy
yes I mean message and I feel like I
want a real couple though the next night
erm this is so annoying whose girls like
some nails always take out to meet you
like it's not in the way you would think
but it'll cheer like does not exist I
can't find any next man I'm getting at
me ah so annoying she a really good move
on
just a lot of the same people is upload
all the time
Pete I'll are you making I love her not
her them
this is so crazy
okay well you guys don't have to remind
me on Big Brother like I'm going to
hours a week now where she uploaded more
frequently as I said I always hear okay
whatever I'm coming back to you by sorry
mom and Tang now when I went into that
um what do you think makes it a really
good mix longer um I don't know I guess
it's the conversation a lot of people
just like to show what they're eating
and they eat it I don't know I like
conversation while I watching this long
I feel like I don't want to be
patronized or condescend like hi
everybody
what are we all doing today win fold up
and here is so hot how things always
eating I was like a radio interview with
Ed Sheeran and use a little eating fried
chicken like meet them mmm
I need well coming soon I dunno Hubbell
McLaughlin's I set that one thank you my
left side great for salvarsan you watch
divine munchies mm-hmm and sadly meridia
better I'm sorry girl I'm glad I can
make it better what fun to be sad that's
on your teeth bite somewhere I think I
have this edge here has a good roll I'm
gonna top it with only have orange penis
over it whatever
what happened between your Nakata
avocado I won't always ask this I were
in lieu of taxes like ice not drama
he likes imply that I was fool around
here and I was going to like collab with
him look we had talked a couple times we
had messaged we had a really hard for my
life I never once said this is the day
I'm free like come out like look if
someone comes to LA and I have time I
love to help them I don't always have
time uh I'm not always mentally there to
do it but I never ask someone to come
out I'm never like fly out um what hang
out this day and we'll push or clap like
no I tell everybody in what I say
everybody I'm like I'm busy I also have
a lot of mental problems that I need
mental health days myself and but as you
guys have known Thank You Molly sent a
thousand bars I do hang out with lucky
youtubers when they do come and if I am
feeling good and well and I just get
pissed when people are like she played
Tom mecham avenue look I never even
opened his messages until Martin Lewis
contacted me and I saw I had like
literally like 50 DM from him but I
never thought I'm I don't talk shit on
youtubers but that like was so it was
just it was it was weird I was like if I
didn't respond to someone or I didn't
confirm a date I would not be booking I
don't know where he loves apparently
listen well anyways I'm not trying to
any like shade anyone and everyone like
is be like I hate drama so I don't want
to get any drama but anyways what's up
we're in the purse I love you treasure
oh let me do a queen nature are you
enjoyed in your pocket absolutely if
they don't sell out say for me to be
identified I think you and much of your
um your question
I like freaky freak do as well um I
needed to do stuff with my face very
funny
thank you closer separates a complete
some Fritos and some cookies that are
you gonna doesn't if I do
cousin already us meal my life we're
coming I can sneeze at um if you I just
want to have a byline is all the
highlights key me means looking that hot
with them with the whole thing
don't feel like it we're alligator I was
not I was roughly good for me I'm eating
Cheetos
go ahead any thanks for the permission
can I needed it
should I haven't weapon or cookie fruit
is there I'm a free dog right now what
Chad unless I don't really use a bluff
Rios I was craving them alone thing Oh
cookie okay oh please a girl mmm oh wait
deep eyes what happened um mm-hmm
aha hi sir but what kind of cookies I
have a frosty one mmm one weekend is
when you know I haven't seen my doll
face I just holding in that so sick
they're so good them another day you
keep on no Steven well fuck one no he's
a terrible person a terrible terrible
person and I didn't mean him not modern
is doing you to me for all the times to
realize that I'm having my birthday
party Lee yeah maybe
tonight like okay you know I'm here like
sorry will happen but yeah well you know
me him I'm sorry is traveling so fast
I'm much scared when hit the wrong thing
what left off to do with laughs lat yeah
no no guys I see you I mean free ow
so the rest is either so buy weed easy
all in terms my child with me I love you
do this for Thomas a with you open this
one I love it
mister 11 what about him
what'd you do with him my number one fan
is dead baby pink r8 7000 thumbs Allison
for the BART and steaming over number
two we handle all interrelationship the
phone from tinder know what this guy
really like this moment whenever you
talk about but I won't ever talk about
I'm not into their what I'm your Hamas I
attend air so you can tell what do that
for your birthday I was like good I was
the best gift ever
what is this is dope chic meets Nicole
who's Nicole what happened with these
days messin with haters
jimson hinder no I mean we talk but not
you know wrong about favorite check-ins
lately been ruffled so here you to my
teeny item was watched under instant
replay are your nails are few reasons
better no I didn't always love blue
nails I don't on lemons Ariel what calls
I get loving the guy you met values with
you Adams we're driving out a couple
times is yeah I get bored if he would
leave
I'll Ferris while you're bored with you
Oh mom Uncle Sam receiver nails ladies
in the square
well I always look forward with mr.
short since I'm service lane Newsday
makes at the bar
what do you want to know like they don't
eat what is in top I love you know you
know isn't it fun applause favorite
fries Thank You them um maybe not
Russian movie lately I have not you know
what's also lawful means that people are
like sending over here
did you read the date we went on John
date ally up Jenna Belson it's unmarked
it's yeah absolutely be good to ask to
film when I get glam um Russell will
fall
I don't even something and to let you
down I'm split fam how do you like the
new season orders new black alright you
can be installed married so I mean each
its Whitley then just our terrible
terrible Jack thank you either for the
bar
sorry questions no favorite TV series um
I mean I was taking the Thrones
understand whose device came from that's
a house-wide current Keane mama sweet
Iraq show that I watch let's shut myself
a dead
you can have your heart now mommy's like
married or something now I don't know
would you slap it so freebo's no use so
Mimi little robot moon what's happening
what's happening oh my god
two thousand and twenty thousand like Oh
mom thank you oh my mom's making price
where this mean thank you every day okay
good day smell hom home so it wasn't me
- yeah just a reaction video and like
I've never got your bottom I don't know
the guy and you would like a so mean
we're no reason like you guys remember
down Nam
mmm Lesley Cheesecake Factory
perhaps my next one mmm now you're
traveling yes I am are you bored Regan
um no wish not would love those did you
a coordinate on the menos Rose would we
watch the video tomorrow or maybe able
to put that Friday and instead of eating
show like in bed this morning
I'm gonna talk all about that oh go girl
we boast about my bathrooms for doj this
was ugly dead love them today family
lives if they're so cute Ellen Whitcomb
hang out them I already I am working I
was it weird how I'm gonna work out I
just gave them work me out I don't want
to do it again interesting so that we
use I had a whole new line of skincare
stuff I throw it in blogs before but I'm
going to take a video in retail Alliance
isn't doing mouth huh why did I my way
by note that me really laughed for the
read that comment on my sister
work out to eat I do always I just
worked out right before this Thank You
shaylen for the bars times Q my sister
called me last night at like 11:00 hung
up friend family said I just watch split
whatever most upset when we split if she
was doing impressions and I bury in
dentists so spot-on and so fucking funny
when we say send this morning I brought
it up again I was like that was the
fucking funniest thing I don't know what
was like she was just so good I am
obsessed I wish I could do it like no
that wasn't me but I don't know I'm very
I'm bear so good I hope a berry has the
dennis has OC Julian you've been
touching the thing no I'm bad I can't
even do it my hair by Christopher Walken
she was just sober that's like I was
move on or they were not like crazy
times would be so much from food and I
want to work out where they were much
more date with drones yeah mmm-hmm
and making myself I don't want myself
watch me was on some not on the
elliptical the exact interpretation of
list we don't it wasn't that he was
split personality was hid the ID or
something right
thank you mister own character will that
mean Daenerys what precise term
curium
three and Brienne mmm guilty sniffles
earning another man hasn't released an
action about that I'll do one remaining
fluid like as making a mecca to do
successfully yes all in time do you
incent my sneak we're now becoming
party's new so sweet
Jules text me to select a grammarian
Mikiko Marcus used to check them I love
her
ah holiness I see three Martin reasons
why hair care oh um I guess play hide
you like Geoffrey's offal I don't like
him I like to hear if your characters
really roll through in the next few days
like it's you I only have em or hated at
interfere in my life like more look at
easy so I've never been any more care by
Lee he's evil
he says you're such a mere planking of
cheesy button how did I going to acting
a mouse having wickets closes your name
sorry
have you had a real oh I can't uh no oh
good who's your best friend ever are you
losing my best friend watching
I'm with the sermon mom with Shane give
we have some getting a lower price hmm
times only collateral
I also work me to be our web time
favorite Disney character hmm just my
collection boy app I love Peter Pan I
love spicy you're an attractive person I
look awesome
hmm but your family charlatan oh yeah I
have seen all these angel comments I I
talked about yesterday and last year I
was very offended like I wish them
nothing but the best there's oil well or
easy um
people just don't talk from girl apart
and yeah five flights when you can't do
anything about it really you do wash the
office I used to love the altitude is
that Andy Bernard was always my favorite
Panisse is Hungarian mmm meet petascale
and then to them me on my vacation
Johanna play us cut you out what's up a
local thing tour days being released I
don't have control over that but I know
it'll be there is like Thank You Carlene
to the bars there's like three big
announcements coming and it's they're
big they're big
there's a reason I'm taking a fucking
time off right now I'm like chillin
would you are at the bar
laughs an orange creamsicle um like
cocktail that pump is still fucking good
all right guys we have some cookies all
right it'll sour my butt will not with
but will that but you know I got a
shower my body
I lied you kind of work out so we don't
need a huge hotel before I go work
actually but work out again cuz I feel
amazing
I'm around what is happening why is
there
a fire hose Wow 31,000 light oh that I
am born again I'm saying Sam because it
up there daddy's pink pink rate I'm
gonna I got over a hundred thousand
light oh thank you girl
thank you I'm really good shows up best
we might get on Game of Thrones choking
to that over like chicken or some shit
she's pregnant eat so much time I have
two of these number one that I could
beat this whole thing up so cold all
right guys
all these earth talk why they're so soft
and yummy mmm Thank You Tina Megan Hunt
mmm made for the apply jam mm-hmm she'll
bug do is who live in Game of Thrones no
I'd be dead so quick the brown is choker
where'd I get with Ron a chauffeur only
guy to brown them I could be wrong
budget or she'll bell mmm
what are those over the other shows off
mmm-hmm why are you support capitalism
in your videos what I on I don't even
know what that means I'm sad for gamers
on June 7 more than ever ratings so
excited I still have to practice yeah
eating dinner with you yeah and watch
The Girls Next Door with your favorite
jay-z Burke no um love it up mmm poppy
was already here babe miss possum um
why they're swab William Graham hi Holly
something Bridget but Holly's book it
was Carmen Oy I felt I should lately hi
Holly
last one
FML button what about hundra I never
really shared with hundra I'm sure right
a burn book hmm
I don't want to burn Google I don't want
the drama
here's a hint sum up the big
announcement I don't have time I really
cannot play all actually in trouble if
I'd like to give any hint so I won't
have HUD zone you handsome person so
Valerie I would share with you open up
for that Suzie is my raising house
another yeah I mean happy all the time
now click on me he'll be fresh out rear
hmmmmm not some tongue I'm gonna bed
down target our workout for my shower do
you see me I see you
hmm du marché me a semi-rigid ASMR his
podcast alone until the next slide show
my babies you do with my special live
show Street listen homely - it will only
use one of our live show or if I get
really drunk in Illinois
why is not closing I need to stay fresh
why are you not closing really
concerning me actually why does that
have closed it would be terrible that
we're not fresh you guys are seems like
closing but this five not help me
original request any outfit great my
besides I'm posing what idea one arm a
fresh I don't get you now only on it
does not YouTube all this use a sense of
where I don't have that you don't know
you have an acceptable when we connect
up where he is okay or shall I tape it
lets you see how that just pops up
easily and this side doesn't beside you
have to like pull this is so annoying
that I'm trying to close with cookies
lies I ate pasta and Fritos and cooking
evil what is my life you stop take them
over at my table I feel like that here's
my real man okay guys I love you guys so
much this was so much fun
I've been on so damn long and I still
look among with Luigi is live stream
just enjoy what the fuck
there's something weird with it I was
like a fan I see a number minute
they are they does something really
creepy and weird about them
does that means up
I know he applies a nice worsens their
videos and then faking their breakups
and shit you guys on my honor I never
faked one thing with my axe on there
that's hard the relationship goes but I
don't believe in like fucking up the
relationship reviews and shit you learn
to mean one word man were sitting on you
now whoa whoa I don't know how to cookie
I'm not even though I just concerned and
spent a half a fraction on the music
should we not be brown other choker you
are the other best oh that was a purple
one from Topshop and came in like a
three set you can get lot of that on
YouTube I know she's so great
how many countries guys with enough of
money I would feel like maybe a handful
even though we're now you're the writer
I'm have so much right influences um
how's the dog was neither a white chair
like this likes sofas erting like that
was never like that before
um mission is working for me a happy
birthday
they're super future flashes I'm gonna
up on all but I love you guys so much
and I have fun eating with you guys
thanks for eating with me this is like
fun and I love you guys so much
no veg um you know how that bomb later
the samr would have one here and a ha at
work but I'm an out used to threaten
replication from the instagramming
YouTube or Twitter so having in all
those places thought my hamster I'm
sorry I work out later I think I will me
safe I will before I go you guys missing
waiting a 12-game is one oh yeah I have
a system right back up in there for
weeks Mike what's always fall asleep I
died too much her name was that mu M
Yulin
before you leave what you're here she'll
survive I'll be sticking with Thrones
winter
is always come back to ever
okay you guys mercy this whole session
alone and there's like not know what
happened can't see you guys out oh I
wash we back up
dang it hurt do you see on my Game of
Thrones okay so that's the Connie but my
foots asleep
that's my coloring books that my mom got
me in the back we have a Hobson here in
House Lannister House Stark
I would say more Targaryen Bradley mr.
Kazu Tyrion my to Game of Thrones wine
bottle and then is my newest addition
doesn't she look like me well cool you
sees a little hair on her dragon and so
fucking cute but anyways oh and look so
tough and then I have all my little
tchotchkes over here remind myself
association was killing me right now
so much happiness happiness happen
happiness to happiness big morning
evening mud and ice cream to it is is 29
and mental problems or you ask you hmm I
love you I'm a mess if you guys miss any
of this live show or want to replay out
this live show it will be up on my
youtube channel you shoes at home
pressed your slippers in the center
channel
um us are my sauna massage country
shocking ani ruin my life and I have
some new videos for you soon I do have
two performance video up now this will
be some comment going love if you're
from you know I was doing this
collection oh okay if you're from you
now go leave a comment Missa for NVIDIA
and participate er is the Best
Entertainer this works ever seen so all
you just show up with a negative comment
okay I love you um I say hi Heather
however but it's just Paris Motorshow by
Heather I love guys Alexei's
I have that great for the core
shit I did this with my can you know
okay I belong again soon y'all how do I
get okay I feel a great habit
