I won't walk into that action
I know you all in the corner just like
I'm doing this wrong
mmm hey guys but I have a live eating
show I just ordered a pizza so I've
learned grab a snack and right now
calling your own emotional so together
this is going to be really exciting and
fun it's late I wanted to keep I felt
really guilty about a pizza so I'm like
you know what let's make this a live
chat Elijah showed this is going to be
so much fun I heard he pees all the time
on my channel for the eating show that
the epidural is feel like oh I should do
a good eating shows I'm always eating
cheese pizza thank you for the Bart's so
Oh get somebody snacks it's in here
already
if I can place in the kitchen yeah they
don't work though they burst out like
like probably a month after we put those
all up so there was a particular the
month of putting those up like it all
burns out I got a bit more with you to
refine Emily's like a bitch um okay so I
just ordered Domino's so tell me coming
to smash you all our half and let me
just make sure it's all going up into my
socials okay make sure I'm going to say
Instagram or l-class snapchat and
everything and then we'll get into the
show Instagram filter some too
okay um hey guys I'm going to be doing
my first ever live eating show on you
now so swipe on up if you want to come
join the discussion we're having a
late-night chat and I like that snack so
bring some num-num num-num bring some
nom nom Who am I
I am you know kid up stuff is an amazing
2009 probably lie ahead
come on you know dot-com flash which you
know I'm sorry I will get to the chato
just ate sushi an hour ago happy pride
man's lame I'm gonna watch it Ivan's
back he's doing my little you know and
we'll shout out get people here you know
that calm you keep e helpless people
come and let me know if that works in my
balls um and then tomorrow
oh just slice across my face huh yeah
alright long so hi mama fishy hi and
volume are five years Casey that is
crazy happy friends month yes so much
pride of Dawson um this is so I thought
I said Daenerys I was other people like
in the you know I guess thank you Sarah
for the hundred bars in like you
mouthing it's an heiress this is yep yep
source Reds the food will be here in
like ten minutes so all well some get in
I got some energy I decided that so me
it's so dressed like I was just go work
off all these calories makeup I'm so
hungry lately it's something lets me so
actually know I used to the Domino's app
if I do look like me tomorrow I have
mammography tomorrow I'm have a dinner
Monday dinner outing with my friends so
I will do good tomorrow I have to work
out a lot I worked out safer dad and I
went down those what all or Domino's
hashtag plum by Domino's um I'm looking
beautiful only a little thing thing I
love you thinks Wow Fionna there's palm
trees like just moving so much right now
outside it says picking me up with that
because you're I ordered plain cheese
basic Oh a thousand bars thank you
telling McLaren wide team I'm should
have blonde hair hmm
I love it I will never change but it
does like off
it looks crazy I would crazy I like feel
crazy I haven't really seen anyone in
like a hot minute soon I'm like I have a
strip clubs a veteran shirt on there's a
lot wrong with me tonight I'm feeling a
little busted have you wasn't so lucky I
should have beer oh no my eyes are tight
but you guys can ask me any questions um
say hi Mindy
I won Q I'm in geology
I just finished a season three of Game
of Thrones roughly in the Canada I'm you
know what this down you know I don't
even know SME and a specific the fuck is
wrong with that show so much is why I
love it would you plan for fallers am
excited to my daddy I'm fortunate that
he was within driving distance so I'm
gonna drive down his team to the day I
sent escena success today and ago I mean
I don't have any swear words I'm so
proud of like I that's what motivates me
to work out with money elliptical and
I'm actually making with our ultimate
like someone X me of seeing me like
watching like horns will like throats
being ripped out if it's amazing
are you watching or just me but I have a
net inside yet but you know I said about
Game of Thrones when it first started
I'll put a chanting into it and then
watched it so I did watch the orange is
the new black though I try but I think
again I said this before I think you
have to watch it with someone who like
is excited about it you know I mean
because I turned a lot people on to Game
of Thrones because they watch it with me
what are you gonna eat I'm going to be
eating videos order food I did let's see
we're at saks I can check you on my
phone I didn't know if some of you like
yeah I should be eating how I said was a
lie being shown it's coming on it's
still movin bitch the fuck let's get a
Chanel nothing
so probably the eating show will come
back up in about 15 minutes
so like 905 so you got time to get a
snack
do you like bratty cupcakes I don't know
our ordered I don't know what that is
sorry
I also ordered this fun
like this I love like like filming a
YouTube video for the live interaction
um I also ordered of marble Ferrari
cookie Thank You Catherine for 100 but
doable or is it arigato I don't want to
get them does that even mean anyone else
once I won out I'm her so fucking late
for nine o'clock heroes who the fuck is
up right now although it's summer you
guys can be up right um I wanna just
thank you and Jun Jin Jimin and Jessica
sighs for 50 bars thank you for this if
you like look you know if you're not
back in the day you remember like the og
universe which was me like you would get
some you would get likes and dislikes
and us more dislikes in life you were
booed off that lien I think that was I
remember that being so cool is that row
something anymore taking huh um there's
best excuse again yeah I just have some
people why not
could be some would you get message on
your face uh no but not because I'm
gonna get sponsor to notice wait it's
just I'll have my month it's just I like
I would disagree
I like Lizzy I don't know I would be
scared that it would alter my appearance
too much and I would hate it so I like
my face I mean my lips I get done
obviously and like Botox but that's all
temporary but I like luckily I like the
way it looks
um I've been watching you since before
you about starter she long time
increases beautiful things domino sounds
so good yes will she see her the
dominoes is known
Thank You Gabe a circus of key bars
double-checking my order I don't need to
protect getting up with a pizza bitch a
favorite food pizza why am I getting
pizza lucky - I tried this is why I
cannot be single with no prospects I
just don't give a fuck I'm in camo I'm
eating pizza but this is not the plan
like really um thank you for the
applause I miss Olivia applause call
where the food at the food is coming you
guys around 905 I would guess tomato see
it is
whose dumb terminal or ghani's is double
checking my order for perfection at age
51 so there's that I do select rocky for
a food your system who's your fav
character I love on whore pretty better
dry rot there you go
thinking I need to get them done
tomorrow but thank you I just sort of
like the nails want to get my eyebrow
leg wax like I don't do any of that
fancy shit I decide to eat just gonna
clear so much thank you I was asked so
weird you should present recommending me
like my old blog Thank You Jose for the
city part but when we all welcome I
student real bad like I'm have a pony
just to go see I have hair back there it
was really bad yeah I've been going to a
government I never used to go to a
dermatologist which is kind of I mean it
just kind of I'm a race or a lot I'm
with on my own
yeah cause it kind of is like I look
sexy funny one tonight
it's a sad day for not sometimes was
having you that thank you for the
applause Pablo fish do I talk to those
yes I guess even watching are you guys
eating anything and I don't want to be
rude did anyone come from the swipe of
of Instagram did it work
step to the wrong Lincoln who came from
YouTube who came from Twitter who was
just on you know they're waiting some of
Sam's you guys know when I go live I
don't have anything to eat girl or
something well it is slightly early here
Twitter notice Oh
Golden State Warriors won their second
NBA title three years so that means Cavs
loss Oh sad top diplomat your
applications
now let's see if they've left yet with
my with me order they still are checking
it for production in four minutes
um hey lab hey Alice hey everyone thank
you guys so these things that I'm
looking thank you
I'm having effort at MCM yikes yikes lab
this was like we're all in like a binge
eating specific we're all binge eaters
Anonymous together and well like she
does be eating late-night snack and
we're here well she cooked it just
inspire me so much I love you more than
anything
oh wow family especially I don't take
that lightly or prefer an affinity for
the 50 bars um that means a lot because
sometimes I I don't know you know with
any hate yeah you just kind of like why
am I doing this if everyone hates me but
um it really means a lot and that's kind
of stuff makes me really really happy
when does your food arrived I suppose
checking for perfection the Domino's is
close to me so hopefully I said 905 it's
a 56 right now so nine minutes I would
say nine ten but I said I know I've
originally an equal to nine ten so
hopefully like the two minutes total my
son of Hannah Hart 70 keys elephant I
kind of hurt oh sorry I may stick my
tongue out GI fellas here I have a go to
be sharp pain all the sudden shout from
the air force us girls over you I'll
shout out air force girl amazing are you
in the air force are going to pick a
club name - you're bad at mushroom
Thanks why cuz my seasons late motley I
ordered it right they started like
because yeah I want to be would like
come and we all get acquainted
is she guessing people I have fun guess
should I get some people is it first
come first serve I'm trying to see
and this will be applause applause cool
Thank You Emily for the thousand bars
can you rescue the guys I don't have the
cash we go I need you can't break free
music for new plans do another album
probably in the may not be for even a
while I should say it I would love to do
Christmas music I just don't know if I'm
going to be able to like that time
engine thing that that person was
dissing young will see I have like a lot
of stuff I'm like working on a lot a lot
of stuff I'm like taking a little bit of
a break right now but like not a break
I'm still working on a bunch of shit
with more like not the glamorous i-40 on
shit like getting shit going which is
fun um
- Temecula oh hi Giovanni I love
Temecula yah nursing exit pharmacy JJ hi
David hi David
I just take a cab I wish I had it while
you ate oh I know I'm hard to lay-bys
it's literally probably a minute snacks
on the East Coast looking brothers drama
and we got yourself without to save up
for video I just recently discovered who
Jake and Logan's Oliver don't weigh
anything a while okay this must be my
wife i how can i still be
double-checking recorder tracker
oh my gosh you guys it's doping
double-check just that every wrong it's
trouble one trip I know I'm sorry
you actually last night yes love to the
Tonys I love falsettos oh my god it was
so good Christian girl Fat Bob I love
pushing for everything those are them
I don't want for chemistry kiddos I used
to be obsessed with kind of crazy so
this is coming from someone that they
haven't a student wasn't obsessed with
him as the host mmm March like a good
church it's 12:00 here why am i eating
pickles in the hope that I'll be like
the ripples in the bang are there that's
awesome how that sounds so good and I
don't usually play those but I've been
creating weird stuff that I don't
normally like with frozen yogurt Wow
woof BJ one two three tips to five
thousand bars holy schnike you think
sleep I feel like I should show my
titties greet lies when you tip me I
don't really know what that means
oh my god vixx vixx and then to fight on
Bart
oh my god I would flash these boobs
actually Ken is because I feel like I
have so many layers over flash them oh
yeah like those were charitable self
Palestine yes tonight we're hello watch
is another layer ooh
this new Yvonne thank you so much miss
Eunice do you see me appetizing that
robbed you guys her to here first know
that they pay me faint because they
always be asking me and like offering me
like shit money I'm with I'm not a monk
big-ass titties like Barenaked basically
girl Wow show it's your G Wagen
pulling nut you're my clump you try that
new house new imagery that's already
good oh I know but whatever your
jalapeno Doritos I just knew or not I
sure like I seen them before
didn't happen are they cheesy jalapeno
or they just Ripley helping you I'll
help me on cheddar to real sound good -
I was crazy
crazy mouth thanks for the applause
running love I'm gonna have 25 pounds
like I don't fall out
I'm raising to help tonight can you
guess with me if I can each year on the
whole and let me feel bad
see if there's left sync an astronaut
the updated hold on we look to keep
saying soon double just literally 10
minutes a double checking so okay I left
with reorder oh right now okay so
probably like plenty to 15 minutes thank
you that's so Jada for the bar these are
so pretty oh my god things thank you I
do figure that trifle really gross I
have been binge eating I have been like
laying in my bed for days like it just
kind of hits me sometimes it's not it's
I hate only depression I don't really
get sad it's correct any I'm on
medication right now it's more of a
numbness look up not excited not the
head sucks mental health issues
definitely bug oh and you've applause
when a customer anything thank you thank
you Lauren for the applause that was you
again or applause from Britney thank you
you're posting of it so the birthday
video performances you will probably see
Wednesday it's up and ready to go it was
like timing from I'm very like a more
moderate pose whatever close is it too
late is it you know what I mean I think
it's gonna go up Wednesday because I
have like a little teaser up like
birthday party highlight and I think I
want to put on your shoes coming out I'm
not sure okay you're done that you're
losing your teeth over like wives are
coming out that's concerning
oh that's on your time please if you
just thanks babe that was a interesting
video I gotta remember your exes be
generous if I kind of put that made the
decision it's happening in the work
right why does that look great that
looks really great because most
decorated in your life
you look amazing on you guys I'm sorry
I'm gonna go really I've been feeling
really girls I like before switch
alterative Thank You Anthony for the
thousand bars hopin to get your Elsa
oh good lately every couple weeks it was
the way I've been getting bored of the
color um but I feel like a month when
like lazy but that's so good you know
without their thank you for the applause
Dakota boys and mint I won the second
guy that I've had someone wear all black
it's really important otherwise I
wouldn't do it justice
ah is a confirmation thing I'm so hungry
why say still home to go I've been
eating a lot I'm pregnant
I put you so much oh my god I'm so
hungry is like 9 o'clock at night and I
just looked out usually I work out I
kind of heard that checker at the
flowers and I'm like starving well but I
need to eat we're not into that in
couples oh gosh
nothing bad um because we still top I'm
a crazy bitch and where did that that's
one things just kind of sat the wrong
way with me but here's the sample from
you not a big deal is whatever it is
what it is he's such a nice guy
and we were not dating or anything like
that I don't know mean like it was like
casual encounters right thank you
someone to provide so but we still pop
and he's a nice guy and we might hang
out I just you know I'm picky bitch I'm
picky bitch I get over people quick it's
really weird I like him but he's really
sweet so there's no shade there you
should make more ants Mario's left a
mark thanks Braden good nice and X I
don't know oh it just said there's no
grass why does it say there's no that oh
thank you are you all you it's like
literally not letting me click on people
send message there's no gas and then I
see pictures but I cannot scroll down I
can't click click click clack clack
Thank You page for the thousand bars
I just don't oh my God thank you guys
all for the thumbs up to 10 thumbs
there's so many thank you know like
little heart hands what did you order I
word pizza which you should be here in
minutes but now my stomach kind of hurts
all of a sudden look sauce that ever
happen to like I just totally fight off
some like my stomach started reading a
little bit and I really want this pizza
but maybe that's a sign it's on my
undies six-night it will get a moose
bong in the morning with my coffee
then had mark food poisoning please
coming from Domino I'm not no no because
I have not you know violently make your
tummy hurt
um no it's the crazy - shaking of lot
today and so annoying
he's boredom no anything I was amazing
thank y'all that's so crazy I feel I see
don't but I'll take it
don't Isis cameras are not best quality
this LMGs came up at the bar
Krampus your eyes are playing cheese and
dominoes diet cokes and cookies and
brownies and I'm going to put in a
lineup together
it's because y'all back to then I
thought I can't read you guys and this
will be less of a blah blah I was
ability I would get back to top my pizza
click that like barbecue sauce like
barbecued chicken like MC cker felt good
I'm could you give me the UM tongues
good I don't guess like a few people at
right at the end of this so right with
my blog I'll guess if you people say hey
thank you PI out for the thousands on ok
you give watch Britt never after I like
them yeah I never really talk about it
because I was I have Severinsen surgery
to time and I kept mourned like make a
video about it um it was I liked it for
examle I mean it was it was bad but I
liked it um was the pizza coming is that
it left the store just minutes ago which
is not too far from real let's it's
sudden that to go I love you gorgeous
face in me see lucky mom who love me
darling just I just run out right now
I'm regarding a brat someone else my
life kinda close to me to pull me
they're pregnant on like when it was
shocking because it won't even date was
working first few blends and I but you
don't really know this person I don't
think but I would like especially is a
sight
so you never know what to say in that
situations when they like big just
little plumage to starting a new note
and bring it like that you don't have to
say or like I honestly was like so great
they're just like um I was like are you
friended you want this like what do I
say hey yeah congratulations
how can you feel your car up you're not
eating anything I know I'm gonna eat I
know it's a toys a minute I'm sorry all
it's common a matter of minutes the
anticipation is killing me chills I'm
starving cute meal like oh we're not
judging with your Aquaman sorry Thank
You Michelle for the 500 bars bladvic
growing it love you Ben already messages
Joseph birth is charged up see soon babe
yes love you mom was Alexandra and lucky
- I watched over five years and some you
love you thanks Kathy Lee I'm seeing
nothing I don't know how I let me do
that okay let me see what should happen
to you um are you just waiting here for
now yeah I'm going to eat which is good
to go laughs don't worry I'm going to
eat um chat with a few guys
climb aboard and I was like really
hungry
totally bad or increase it just for
myself
there's I'm sharing it with you by them
I want your food so hungry I'm gonna go
get the food some b-roll off for three
hours and reread bye bitches
Sydney's a nonfat broadcaster speech I
want to be number one the straightest
aiders is now number six seven on top of
our package who is number one
broadcaster on you know I was ganna sale
or something right so these were your
new more sir comes absolutely
I'm cooking right now it's like a new
kitchen wallah yeah I was what you're
cooking so late
looks very Dominic applause II hear a
child would shudder with you or which is
generally going to be it what would you
want to name it boy named element the
girls need wire piece um you need to be
in girls more people will see it
oh I don't know oh I don't know go for
China now I don't really know how you do
this
good morning engine and club it
oh I'll be fine my suggestion three
Jerry hey Destin I haven't seen the
video yet you may on um watch it yes is
it something like it's just a Speedway
together probably when I'm joking always
being played right left essence always
about is it all you dusting Justin I'm
sort of conti dusty for some reason
Thank You Tatum for the bars
so you're cured actually which would you
be published Chloe I usually not like
Molly but close kind of like lit right
now so probably close um remove any with
you yeah householder meeting with me I'm
very excited this is like a live-in you
show with no food right now sorry about
it when are you mounting the date the
dates for what's the present how does
that how do you get a little place what
movie
what girl hmm oh I hate the feeling okay
me they won't
I've had enough of this what I mean
right I love how to coffee oh my gosh
Thank You Diana for the table
I love having coffee at my there it'll
be nice flat alright I know it's
optional which wakes you up but I like
it and me like at dinnertime or like
having a little cappuccino after dinner
to please the iron way up to me
ah so stinking hot Oh are we still alive
like a boot off okay it's here the food
has arrived Oh like a midnight and ice
that is like my bedtime
yeah I applaud for the food
rosette fifty thousand right oh no
waiting come to Brazil alright guys
let's eat together
I just love and I'm gonna figure out
thing along gonna eat right out of luck
which how do we do this I just general
people so I have a tendency to people
well then I bet you I maybe what does it
mean all I got no sleep at night summers
use as a very distinct look hot hot hot
please come how are you guys working I'm
great this is so weird to do this live
mmm happy pride - on leave that big rigs
have you find them filed the LGBT out
there plus soda seems not very what
intimidation straight girl thanks Ron I
tried and I love you treasure people for
step it up with April what can we tell
well we're gonna know
Thank You Sydney for the thousand watch
Jason sent me enough secretly fit me
because you're gonna ask me any question
you want
I'm not need one dose we I don't even
borrow some of the light applause I
really just like shock you guys like mmm
when are you dancing um I'm taking a
little break from Matt - I've been
working out a lot though but I don't
want to of them said you've had bit of a
personal like um salmon matter so we had
to break something look like right now
what's your shirt shirt plug veteran
sons also my wife loves you so much in
chattering Jeff thank you know we'll
have B on the shirt safe mmm my camera
Tina just like cardio lightweight I
think busy mmm Alex all right three
hours now
Thank You v-neck survived the duck when
Disney I loved it I'm creating it to go
again all right not for everyone
are you seeing someone ah no no I cannot
exclusively I like to see my poppy
knowing doesn't I feel a little on the
fence they're breaking Island which Isis
no suitable guys oh my god you guys are
so sweet I feel so gross tonight I'm
going honestly it's like the food
who are we sharing cook with Mario there
Mario out there and you win a dollar did
you use Mario and was Mario thank you
mirror fat for bars and who mimes at
hearts we know we're sick you know how
do you guys do bigger girls anyone finds
out well and I eat a whole medium speed
run without one library does inform
drink lots of folks box Rios and I've
exercised well no I know son my dream
dinner is with you I'm Britney Spears
thank you girl I was so good it really
does in fact is making a race Domino's
me just lost me and I'm obsessed almost
Lisa wasn't get it on my back it's just
they're not gluten to come on every go
to show club I will pick the walk back
to I don't like leftovers leftovers
reach it up is bed mm-hmm we're having a
don't we don't pop someone in a bad
blood news and mossy cuz you another
really good food is your sponsor I would
love it let's train top deck a box of my
uh we wouldn't imagine our demos I raced
up a meal I just love food we have a
second podcast a couple games so far is
a lot of work on your own you are one
coughing and I have so much fun during
Shane's it all works
oh my god my way Jake Bolin little Bois
are like characters right
they're like not real I'm looking at
like a ten thing I'm like this is like a
joke right I'm so compute NOLA shape
Thank You Ally for the x mark but okay
right but that one I don't know which
one I'm going to mix up that Wang Xin
has like 258 million views a month
corner of billion views a month I have
nowhere near that but like quarter of a
billion views employee want to point is
real
I'm so confused
engine each other yeah we have some to
plan coming up still some tea I don't
have to just film by drive back up to
still nourishment with them oh my hair
they're making they're no good
I hang on that I'm just like what is
life
there's your boys there's no there's no
hate but it's just like their song like
it's like a Rebecca Black thing or like
people really like it
I'm what people talk so much on my music
so again I'm not dating anybody for
anything black I'm just confused since
new things chance of a thousand bars
will never happen with that she's
actually just super busy nothing have to
whatever she's always busy
I just been trying out a lot of new
people because excuse me perhaps no
icing because people do get busy and
that's amazing you know so you just
gotta find and I'm worksheets over here
yeah I can tell mmm really good nice mmm
I'll sell Sigler
you know I feel bad I fell backward a
video I apologize mom or lettuce running
I'm finding myself and I haven't folded
I'm glad hurt me
and I feel really bad about that video I
he has one of the nicest guys like ever
he's like really really nice I don't
know why I made that video I push people
away I've noted like I maybe make
another thousand bars I like my simple
way and that's the end my tender
fuck-boy guy I mean he was really I just
pushed people away it stopped
I don't know asana me sorry my birthday
this is like why'd you guys live under
the I like x1 I drink Coke I hit
rubbering what who's dead Reinhold did
even when I belong to time hold it in
the left light guys I met a sweet chef
from when asked about him earlier he was
a guy's arm up I didn't know
whistle claps here and there's what yeah
gopher people well I'm gonna send you to
I don't remember them you know the
lighting but army which was you watch on
Netflix well I don't watching Game of
Thrones lately which is not on necklace
oh I mean Courtney four bars mmm but I
watched haters back off on Netflix
Desperate Housewives on that flip and
hmm 13 reasons life would you push him
away obviously you wasn't worthy I don't
blame people for being scared of me I
mean I'm a priest which he's literally
was like can I take you out tomorrow
like I'm retired and I was like you
black bear oh fuck you and my movie ice
up I would be like um any of you okay he
remained online recorder thank you for
the thousand bars the chats and flutter
to do on life and each it why is that
I draw everyone's on your mouth so in
one hour you know if I don't have any
more surgeries I'd hate their great
small he recovered its retreat wet
mmm not the new feature and you got
Shawn know I'm ready to Tupelo YouTube
drama pushers what that means there
isn't any gum I found that so boring so
quickly when that was the absence like
crashing for you to come Jim can't be
making those dollars anymore operas I
mean these people look for them I don't
think allows your youtube as well
I'm one of the ones place on top I love
songs clap loves laughing not fun thank
you for concise a lot people ask me is
it's really refined I place on top all a
time I'm like oppressive that analyze a
sponsored by snap like back in November
by subway
I'll bet for the rock club um seems like
no one once y'all know your love was
heading home eating burgers right now
all the wrong leads away okay I'm gonna
one more piece just like the spirit of
things right
and why what is there in the ring Jesse
babe you're a hot boy down mmm-hmm
that means out more like a canoe but
craft gasps drag I share a lot of term
so much someone only a little episode an
office chair some homey here like a four
inch or three inch penis I'm like
three-inch penis high by gender some I'm
eating leading upward of that complicate
you don't know that chance bomb Chanel
pre-owned Infiniti she's gonna a
cardboard box Marty oh I just got one
song and we're not a pretty face I
wanted anyone to home I want y'all love
to go to waste I want you and your
beautiful soul you know what I want a
you know what I want a home you know
nothing Jon Snow winter is coming winter
is coming
professor specific I'm crazy
um how far the games I guess when i
season three so don't slow undo
something i love carry em hmm
i dissection bob hearing any other night
featured include create a fine fine
every week four times or at four five
women I'll take off you're going to see
the may not just a thousand five times
three thank you Ray I understand what
you're some Bella so Prague in
Washington to have nine things Bella can
where you engage to there was a real
engagement earlier this year on one
thousand
with all face and bullshit and it wasn't
even on YouTube
I got played your girl hot plane my
belly was hurting and I'm just eating
pasta patience hmm
you know the rate I do small um I am
going to sell it and right for summer
Chuck doesn't give it back what the
person one healthy summer I'm a shopper
learn beverage axis a shit
why don't you black - Harley climb over
lose your seeding flag with eye on him
girl makes my head hurt
I wanna be that much trust me and also I
would give it to him goes I don't need
it I'll want it yeah good night Gordon
came across my hubby didn't ice cream
man you know I love milk and I'll bet
you haven't seen for a butcher
everywhere helps remember but also
things ever
do some work it worries me really thick
you mean up on the bars you like open
the waters no are you assume hot no day
was gross
what are you eating down those cheese
pizza and rather than go over here you
realize to share on YouTube
ready 5 the 5% don't sure is like people
who look don't we talking about them or
it involves another person that isn't
it's a bad situation or involved with
super eyesight doesn't to be on but
don't want to be on we do 21 back speech
I was probably in the fall and maybe I'm
sorry guys I'm gonna have some people
hate when I do for the carbon flyer I'm
really like hot cheetos in the same is
it you know hot cheetos right now i
should want buy at Cheetos are you
individual flow don't think we're not
cool it's a follows nuisance and poor
guy icc huh pretty much I hate seniors
which xki you don't we cantle bit
alright let's go on to the desire and
how it could help it but you'll love
what I'm able somebody grin and Yuri is
in kinky boots where when I need to go
is it in your corset jewelry hope I will
go anywhere or desert to a strip club
bedroom
perfect yeah I love them in Harvard I
have an ocean view
that if you saw my old apartment doors
on my channel I was like right on the
ocean it was absolutely beautiful my
gosh oh my god someone do something chic
Galen Twitter pick them up baby hit him
up so this is what we got going over
here I like to eat the middle one first
gonna have no hot action
mmm I have a career particle reserves or
service everyone is live knowledge of
intellect fun life when I come at a bad
time I'm sorry for my life
how many broadcast not that awesome why
should something do it more huh
or even the numbers is so good
cause I just cookie in a brownie and
always a little warm or get here I mix
this up really well as well what does it
need help you mr. shorter I eat any know
things that's awesome that you're still
friends - too quiet you kidding now off
you boys wink
could you do a cooking video so that I
can't reach anything really
God very properly slow mate you know
nothing don't know ha I didn't really
date in real life
Jon Snow and you could agree that Ernie
and Gretel right there I honestly don't
reach out but who are you how do you
know my talk of thinking a wealth of
life all right I'll globe that's not
food chocolate eating means you like
Cersei mm-hmm search your Joffrey okay
mad bitches
what's the Jewish aid then do something
do something happen and you're going to
be with him I'm sorry I stopped by
freshen up to play was it he say dear
hours or a thousand bars my husband
watch out on hammering hot job it's not
that mother in Japan sounds awful I'll
call private we were getting a
sponsorship and I gotta live for that
down the line I want to keep hard parts
at the edges you don't play when I went
1-1 I would wake up and cut off and on
Overeaters know with I would cut off
somewhere oh hi sleep good tonight
and her don't get sick I'll mentor
divided off I get sick smile can you
choose your raffles X me out well ups
are too good Oh II knows what it
she features all grammar so freaky
I agree he doesn't answer my I don't but
I don't people a little bit click my
videos I have with me to do from the
question okay but guys is the cutoff ah
where are you doing rejected sharp
I'm ready misnomer since we're both on
transplant at the same day um when you
typically go to sleep right now I'm
actress our nail attire
I work out right before I dolls energy I
put shifts on bed right then travel so
hungry and but everyone crease up I
can't deny it so I'm like Thank You
Mandy again sort of that's it I don't
really justify it
that's more of I do it you shot right
Oliver I don't see this all the time
table I do a live meeting show you know
nothing Jon Snow let's just all we talk
to game zone Sarah see is my facebook I
can do sir she a treasure hall what
would you say Susan
there was an episode specific scare
you're getting up there to ruin periods
like why you smiling should you can
poppy and why are you happy because we
have is the one thing that you love more
than anything Yoho
you've taken my son and you're taking my
daughter I told you
and as to always hate them and I will
take the one thank you love you should
really try to hide your horse little
better yeah terrible liar little brother
pretty much Brody
oh gods oh okay actually do that like
I'm actually gonna make a note of that
because that's so genius doesn't he was
wrong
shut up I'll eat it for for the phone
case she signed it for me and tell me
where to get it um I'm totally doing
that a game this is one that's funny
so excited for the new season I'm
learning it you know oh my god wow I ate
why are you that I dreamed so much today
I don't when we burn 500 calories at the
gym it's ranked seventh right I bring
nothing
1x3 do visually dark so good mornings
with darker shade I found once per color
for you um since from telly and she
actually made one she has a fear off on
her and I really like that she did it
kawaii what she put blush on him and
little bows in his fear and the daddy um
and she was so kind she's like you know
a lot of girls will just I mean it
myself or whatever and be like wouldn't
miss a good make it themselves like they
would never for you to make you one and
she totally did for me and asked for
anything she just did I told her I pay
her and she just said to me I'm gonna
don't worry about it
she's beautiful I love her stuff he can
check her out Tony
the Cobra slaughter he was through in
the gallery section zero cycle um but
yeah it's not good um let's just say or
so it wasn't like surfing on it like
should play I want you to say that just
because I suck my brother doesn't really
keep this cuddly little brother I have
to always your pain that so now we have
why right Jesse was thirsty we going to
know this for those of you just continue
can't replace what the fuck is happening
or view nursing you with their own shut
the fuck up which I am but I am I am
better expected in your fate call my
babies and if you were sworn scurvy
serve me my sleeve then it has like um
sent me a little tune
who else has like a crazy one don't know
more has an Irish accident one snowy the
IRS right I do that the redhead does
Guinta he's calming
calm indeed you're ever in lately need
Great War
culture it's like also I would ever do
it to him because I have always that
like don't fucking do that shit to me
Thank You ther for the bars I'm James -
too awesome of a person to do that so
you I don't think you with care but like
honestly I would I really fit where you
fucking doing don't do that I just don't
have the right call on me
um okay I should I guess some of you
guys I have listened on our this is
insane
there's when we def we're going to do
some rapid fire so I'm going to get you
come on try and go through this so I'm
not putting this on my youtube so if
you're in the desk to you right now you
might be on my youtube channel what I'm
doing is okay because you want to guess
right now so I'm assuming so if
disclaimers you are in the guessing
right now right thank you
oh gee double alert over the sidebar if
you are in the guest right now you will
be on YouTube accomplished light so you
put permission click on there okay about
30 guys I'm going to try and get up
about 34 guys awesome trying it to Robin
okay let's try okay let's just go with
Trish's fish I'm nervous this is like a
blind date
oMG hey are you Patricia specimens in
your name I'm Alex oh where are you why
are you up so late
uh I'm in like Pennsylvania oh sure how
old are you you look so young 15 yeah
why are you all so late your parents
don't care
mm-hmm no I'm at summer now so oh yeah I
guess I got parents don't care where
you're Christine I don't know I'm
talking about
that's like you're six years old are you
to see a no no wow you're just living a
life on you down I do it for mama fishy
I don't look like I kind of lemon what
do you do what's your thing to be
siblings I
oh my god thank you I'm glad to be your
mother but LC siblings what do you do I
like what you're saying
Oh No last weekend I just went to a
bunch of your videos I love that if your
hobby is my sister that's everything I
love it watch the videos currently
generally Wonderlic what video do you
like where's the chat appointment
now what video do you like about I was
going to no I'm only the quiet even who
watch me I was watching like some year
old haul some eating shows ah and you
don't do you - we just watched it no
just watch it and oh yeah I was watching
that ton of old chain videos ah shame
and everything I love seeing videos like
I took a minute I wouldn't like watching
them one use me like the galaxy stuff in
the Matteson and I got really into them
lately I've been when they had like
conspiracy one of my favorite mm-hmm put
out a new one and I was like today yeah
I watched it and he said that um the
government was poisonous or our water
and I seriously yeah I know
I'm never benching effort like I'm
getting bottle lot in my life
oh I honestly and in the rise like I
feel you are slowly getting poisoned so
you know drink diet coke it's better so
okay I say oh my god I sold our you look
so cute oh alright well I'm gonna try to
get to someone new bar you on Twitter
yeah all right sweet me and um okay I
have a good night didn't buy ah I love a
pop queen legend that was fun I can't
really nervous okay and you guys home
there's so many guys there are somebody
else I'm here the girl I'm nervous
she looked cute she looks really cute
maybe I shouldn't Esther I literally
look crazy
hi Trisha oh wow you look like your
picture
wow you're so beautiful I just want to
tell you that you're so talented and
beautiful and amazing and I wish you the
best and what you achieved now is
probably like 10% of what you're gonna
achieve you in your entire life and I'm
so proud of you oh thank you what is
your name
some night cameras tomorrow Omar where
are you from why are you so beautiful at
this hour
well I was recently broadcasting like me
like an hour ago and I always especially
have program that I was like oh my
goodness disappearance is live like she
would you sure you broadcast on you
dollar I recently got partnered argued
you know I started YouTube channel and I
posted like to make up videos and then
like of why I want vegan because like
Shanna Rose with your friend inspired me
to go vegan on YouTube oh wow and I was
like but even when I when I eat like my
vegan dinners I still watching response
to get her delicious you don't get
grossed out by like non vegan people no
I don't especially you okay like I don't
judge non vegans like I know for some
people is hard your cut your frozen for
me
Oh am i my present now mommy see maybe
it's like not for others it's okay okay
you're good now
I was a good okay that's weird oh my god
I try to go vegan a car I really don't
know more power obviously yeah just a
search on you like as much vegan as you
can and and it does look better like
everyone another fun vegan always like
better skin my dick you what you want I
would be impolite to weaken I did so
better I wish I could be like that all
the time so he can do look good
obviously yeah I'm definitely visiting
LA and I can't wait like try I know it's
New York has like those really tough
days some but I know LA helices as you
drill and like the pizzeria and
everything we literally have everything
vegan it's all good but honestly I would
be a shot vegan I've even fatter than I
am now because it honestly veggie girl
is like not good for you but like it's
so good it's like fry and shit but I
love it yeah me there it is so good like
it and his other planes palm beach pizza
which pakusa is so fucking good like I
love it it's so been cm yeah oh my god
you look amazing you look but wait well
I'm missin what you were doing because
you were doing something and then you
saw that I was on I was broadcasting
oh you're a bro got it okay I okay I
supposed to say I'm going on
saw your real hair well I have Bellamy
Harrison am i over there right before my
Bugatti I look so good if you're not
telling my little Harris looks like Oh
bad guy looks amazing are you in
affiliate with them I know but I'm an
affiliate was like what my look and a
bra and as well bite I have to need to
contract bones communication um you
should use your hair was amazing I was
the first thing I thought I can blow
guessing on my Stern hair I'm you saying
I'm gonna dress out right now you know
what your YouTube channel um I know
everyone it really went okay Oh dr.
Price's broadcast on my youtube channel
classically climate busy in general like
I have so many activities we say many of
my life so I was like it's really hard
but now that it's summertime and you
probably like dive when you gotta find
out how old I am because of like my
makeup and like my hair me feel so much
older oh my god are you on oh oh my god
I don't know you scare me like let's see
about 21 oh my god oh you're lucky now
yeah I like you I'm always like friends
with older people yes
oh you look oh my god jeez that's and
your teeth and your hair and your makeup
oh my god you're lucky if I wasn't here
at 16 when we share your garden your
nationality
I'm Russian Armenian I'm like a
Kardashian like right there ya know
there gorgeo my god they're beautiful
immunity army very academic you
something to disclose people over there
now you're so crazy that once you're
sure saying WOW perfect timing you might
live perfect timing
that's Adi
all of you merge and I'm going to buy
some more whatever you come out with and
I love it oh I really want to get that
now I have one of those when it's a
black t-shirt now I want to get enough
maybe pancetta so for pinky I'm going to
do it I'm gonna if you're on swear to
you so I can like atman to you when I
get my shirt enough so fucking cute on
you guys like what are you wearing and I
looked up some here and I'm going to LA
before my choice you know what your
tunic pocket is broadcast on here no I
don't have intended you to you now he's
also a cute cute super like I'm going to
visit Aaron look another an hour and
hopefully I'll see your pink babies
probably well people see all the time
and I am around on the end what
Hollywood so you see me girl if I won't
be a bunny girl what am I being PC
factory here yeah baby or something so
we can have more on broadcast and
continue having like science against I'm
your good one before just alive what are
you what are your oh oh my god oh it's
real hard now I honestly bought now be
complete in 2016 people I got so much
dick smell earlier than fuckin Sonia I
don't know if that's fucking secret into
that uh my friend me I just like I just
and have fun and I'll be clear like now
I just talk and be myself I can watch
you subscribe oh yeah oh you honest I
will watch you if you're like so
entertaining and absolutely fortunate
like you guys smell and seriously do it
ah
throw me the channel yeah right Len why
does making you so happy you also do a
cloud which says here makeup honestly
she was Gorge like done me I saw her a
little picture nothing and I'm like I'll
try to separate treasures we should like
absolute like that girl okay we have
like 88 gasps this is crazy I'm trying
to get your mom I made genuinely left I
was like I said a couple months beach
sometime there's some money
oh my god what I'm so sorry wow it's
great
hey does anyone know for like what Thai
I get nervous I can't really nervous
there are so many people I can't oh my
god this girl has a tyrion tyrion
lanister closer I can suggesting you
Karissa Jean have a game of Thrones
finger seen out hi oh my god I ate a
tire year had it on a wall over and I
was like oh my god have to get off the
wall so I can like my dress cause she
has to see this and what red bird is the
artist but it's amazing but also I've
been DM you on your boob I have all
folded a Britney signed / graphic
designer
yes and the officer
my god girl oh yeah Peter Dinklage every
series no I have one that I want to give
to you and trying to I get like reach
out to you and I have a hold of you but
this one I think that I want to send to
you so you need to like get on Instagram
so I've been trying to like say but I
can't get a hold of you and I think this
is like for you
oh my God my favorite place ever ever I
want to oh my god I'm obsessed
yeah like how is it certificate
authenticity and like everything I PMD
like a while ago but it's fine I don't
my daughter that you because I'm like oh
I'm gonna pick me it was here and I like
got me here I'm like wow that was a good
picture we loved your own channel I
can't say if you're a little glitches at
the Wi-Fi I mean okay no sorry I can try
to hear you glad one that you're a
little icky but okay so let me see if
you want to jot down my Instagram pain
all up in here in the garden um so I
know where to send it okay is your
instrument oh yeah I'm following you but
my my cigarette was kar I like San
Francisco SF 1 3 0 4 0 4 yeah 1 3 2 4 1
3 0 4 yes wait kar is s 1 3 0 4 so like
San Francisco
here horn I like I'm sorry hold on okay
hey I'm sorry man
roundup care Oh can't got it one three
girl okay alright I'm following you now
girl I hope you okay yeah it's a little
hard to hear you but beyond me and then
we can chat on there okay following her
you guys didn't find the holy shit I'm
not gonna be up all night
this is so cool okay I got there's 100
dad oh that's them
we gotta guess Q babe Liana and they'll
sing home dusty or something oh now
there you go now you wan I can't see you
you can't see me oh hi green on green
it's like if you did a green fee right
now you would just blend on in how are
you I'm sure I never thought I would see
you and talk to you
no you know Michael your videos like
it's like it's can climb on Dustin daily
from fucking YouTube drama video yeah
like I'm always just scared when I see
and my name in the title my going I want
to watch oh girl no fear
what was it bad I know about your DM
asking me about my lil situation the
face you know what it I know because
he said guys don't know like it's like
nothing whatever but they're like little
calm little drama channels and little
channels that like hate me and I called
one of them on a video there's a guy
like apologize and the guys kinda hot
like a straight guy and you said hot
brother I'm like okay so we've got
texting in Dustin it's um my mother's me
the girl
like what I'm you know I write you to
fucking hell and I are like being like
the nicest my going rod I'm a sucker for
you guys well no you just have a good
heart and people capitalize on that it
sucks okay I denied like you know when
people like drag me and something that I
am nice because look at the drama
channels are obviously Damon so
obviously not but thanks enough I try to
be nice but um you'll he'll get someone
so many chances like if he if he fucked
me over now after being nice to them
that I went obviously but you've always
been super nice to me like turns on the
channels always a nice you've never been
like a bit I'm not a drama channel I'm
trying not to be a drama tape why do you
say yourself I'm a variety channel I'm
like you yeah much drama though like you
know you get too much in that drama
world I mean I don't know what else to
talk about I'm not interesting like yeah
oh no ma'am
guys all subscribe you know is it just
something daily your channel right no
your share is really interesting I will
say I never click on the drama ones that
you never know you're talking about but
like what it's like just your stuff or
like tears your boyfriend or every I
love that shit well we watched you from
like the beginning so I have me on here
told me about you and I felt love
because I heard about I'm fine
all that shit was going down to other
drama channel like fret oh you know but
don't you look for like non-existent now
right there like nothing like people
don't watch them and there's no way they
can be making money anymore which it
thank the Lord because they're making
money off being Apple they are making
money it's sad you know what the a
school I know I'm not making the money I
use there's no way they have to be
making like pennies I know somebody that
makes like ten thousand dollars a month
no dad some shit that's crazy cuz I also
my social blade I always see their views
I don't know I feel like maybe they're
pulling your little fuzzy tail for you
Oh
now you're very sweet or I can't wait
you're up you're what time is it there
like one Thompson I don't know where
this is what where are you at I forgot
North Carolina oh well someone asked
what do you think of rich a lot of
substance that's a trick question
yeah hey sorry off when he called you a
bitch I was done yeah me i'ma definitely
fucking me and also not hot like a bitch
but he doesn't want to be me you know
I'm saying well that's why I love you so
much you're just unapologetically
yourself you are yeah I try not to be
like me and especially why people think
looks and should I think that's like a
low blow I don't think that's cool
you'll hear about that in my video if
you watch it the one made me a new one
you have me out no the one that I posted
like yesterday I have to watch it yeah I
honestly the rich fluff silent I used to
like like him but he's got to be like to
mean and like I don't know and you just
see was too much they're gonna come for
me now because I'm sure they're watching
this but it'll be okay why don't you
come for you people on the Destin I
remember and I'm like you're like
literally like the sweetest like you
know you don't get any I'm like why are
we coming for you it's so weird whatever
I'll take it we're a dying breed thank
the Lord so scare him Trish who scared
him I'll come for you everyone know
everyone's coming for you you look so
cute girls ah another dream um yeah he
what MIT do we have do we have an
anomaly I have so many I know that's on
the dark side oh I'm sorry um do we use
the one with all the see no real
youtubers
well well me girl no but why you see
words are not a drama-filled people
they're fucking just living their lives
like no drama
oh I would do you remember you did a
collab with stump daily a long time ago
i rewatch that the other day really yes
sup Ricky who has no idea
is yes you do you did a collab at your
beach house y'all son like you had to
guess the lyrics to a 90 songs you like
got him with LFO wait what if I had to
land with me so daily su d Dai oh why is
your car oh oh my god I forgot about him
shit are you related yeah wait how do
you know him I'm here sir I watched him
forever like I watched you busy family
Daniela
he does he's having a really hard time
right now with the Adsense thing it
sucks a lot something I think a lot of
people I mean like I said I know what
I'm making there's like no way these
people are making money as like it's
crazy it's it's bad I mean this ad what
it is without claim she putting out that
music in that murjani my music merchant
sex away calm Koecher could you put off
no yeah it's that I mean I got an submit
again you know some people just like any
job it just runs out sometime you get
fired you gotta find a new job that's
true but you can't go anywhere you're
like the only real person on YouTube
beside oh yeah definitely not go
anywhere I love it so much like it's
everything I love YouTube you like even
if I got me money which no one's making
money on YouTube now like no one like I
still love it and they still post every
day so hopefully I could YouTube's
losing a lot of money so I'm sure I'll
get better
of course you talk so I feel like this
is like not even a thing but I love that
we look at it was Agora later - I'll
take that as a the best compliment to
see a smile in nose and eye as I love it
oh I'm just kidding
um no I know that's what I always relate
to I always like I love people who are
just like are themselves and they don't
really care is really so people pushy we
got hated on a lot for the novice I can
hear
I love making videos I'll just one I I
feel so bad I think what's what is
happening is bullying mentality and you
stuck through you power through your I'm
gonna do this yet so I applaud you for
that
all right well I'm gonna um deaf someone
else real quick before I feel bad cuz I
am excited alright I'm not hired but I
feel like anything but I love you and I
will talk to you soon I'm gonna go
subscribe to Dustin Bailey I like people
who bully others from that wall ways
edifying yeah right so let's start it up
and he oh my god I first found him like
last year he was getting so much hate
people are being so fucking mean for no
reason it's pretty McKay was here assume
San Antonio are stupid huh what hmm
alright babe and without there's over
100 desk look we really want to guess
literally everybody and there's just so
many people - gasps oh my god yeah okay
there's a couple so many people I see
right now we're starting match on tinder
now your fun time video let's talk to
him real quick he come from every video
I think if anything it right now here
nothing Nessa hello are you real or you
a Sandlot
on you now as well you call mice on
literally every hello coalition hello
are you a real person where are you I
can't see you put aside if you're
feeling are you awesome
can you hear me fish next year or are
you
okay your Wi-Fi completely fucking I
can't hear you does anyone else yeah I
can feel it but I won't talk to you but
I see what everyone's video he's a troll
can't hear you trying to hide himself
wait why are we oh did you just end my
own broadcast hang up though I want is
awesome visions about everyone you shoot
okay I did see Charles Rosen here all
right Charles wait if I guess Charles oh
I want to ask him questions are all mmm
people like Charles a lot of questions
asked
what Gustin I'm nervous I'm nervous
hello like I'm just like a radio host
calling Ponyboy calling a mural skirt ah
way can you hear me you look beautiful
but I can't hear you
hello no - is it frozen or does it mean
he's frozen I want to talk to you I'm
gonna drop you try again okay I'm your
Gorge Wi-Fi and out y'all that's a pic
might want to get them some questions
ask me questions I honestly feel like an
interviewer right now
right interview everybody it's a bit
exciting happy pride MA from Kristen
yeah yes Tara doesn't give us a ton of
madison's this is honestly so much fun
like I am like gagging I've been on here
for an hour and half like away stressing
too long and like who is even watching
this film he's frozen what the looks
falafels I don't answer anything your
wife I wasn't working boom he is an
honest motherfucker these days though
this channel is a real surprise ending
my summer cold butter after you my
people really sick um wanted to get them
from what was a wooden FC arts like I
was being catfished kind it was like I
met youin and I don't know I put money
in your meter
I remember that actually nothing
yesterday what is your deal are you a
catfish are you real person are you
are you trolling me literally everybody
on YouTube with out with your commas
everywhere Charles I'm looking for you
in the guest thing I do not feel Thank
You Megan for every thousand bars are
they where do I not see them I think you
can probably put people on here is it
the order you come in all just going to
keep ones Darby Jessica Alana
there's also but pretty boy I guess
everybody okay authors call me just
right now 115 guess who that's all have
a plate of she's eaten Lauren I love
these pics are deadly some has a dog oh
there's Charles okay let's try it again
take it - it might be crying
let's catfish fighting people
hi Jesus where are you
yeah you can't see me
no MIG crying this is so weird wait am I
don't worry when I can't see him I can
see you
oh right what's wrong with this wait I
can't even drop you I don't know how to
drop you to like start again I see him I
can see him this is so weird why can't I
see you
oh wait can you drop out I'll get you
back in if I honestly can't see units in
a bug bug the shot of me okay here we go
it's gonna work otherwise something in
the air is telling us to not talk to
each other cuz it'll be bad drama news
can you see me drama
why bother lately I don't know what do
you want to do what unperfect
like you you like a street journal on
purpose or you just are like I'm living
my life I'm living my life and sometimes
it gets dramatic but no I don't do
anything on purpose
Asia I playing you became very dramatic
you were very not drama and then I was
on a very drama what you just think what
like you're like I'm just gonna be mean
what do you mean like what did I do that
with like super dramatic well I became
aware of you like after you - and
podcast but like I should start
everything with Charles roses Charles
goes out like wait what the fuck is
happening I don't even know what I don't
know what the drama mocks Q I don't know
what your thing is
the driver was okay uh-huh
so he's so bizarre I started taking
Zoloft for my anxiety and I talked about
it on my channel because I hey everybody
I have anxiety do you go up and we're
thousands of comments saying you changed
your neurotic you're schizophrenic
you're bipolar
you're and then it just like snowballs
and literally I was getting this
like a thousand comments and in ours
it's like here's like a horrible person
you're just like I play every I know and
then like it was a holding did he change
Charles became this horrible group
person and there were some falling out
you need to change to you because I know
when I'm on how to create changes me not
in a bad way but if I mentally know I
honestly don't think it did in the like
capacity that people think it did I
think honestly I don't think it's
helping that much or made much of a
difference what I think happened I'm
just so like what happened there
Jonathan what happened it's supposed to
change oh um I walk along this is so
weird
I'd my hands weren't free I wanna know
you so yo Paris John I honestly really
didn't know the drama about him I just
know there was trauma you don't see oh I
think it's not gonna Kalinina chat is
messed up
Oh his phone probably died okay there
you what I can I keep guessing you and
so we can't guess anymore this is like
ha you're at work yeah
what's going on are you cutting me off
no oh my god Trish I would never cut you
on I let me I already know of me because
I feel like we've never crossed paths
you know I just recently discovered you
if you recently December me I'm so
confused I would love to know um okay so
I literally watched your videos from
back back in the day
do you remember your vlogs penises and
sucking it's chaining true yeah classic
I literally watched back when you were
in your old apartment and you would sit
in front of like that armchair a log and
when you unboxed like your pink Chanel
so face I started YouTube so that's
that's how I knew about you and
and Shane when I started talking to
Shane Dawson Utley he was like you know
Trisha is just you know amazing it was
so late
ah leave a lot of my comments are like
you interview to like like they took
Eric listen guys want me to collab like
because one night they thought I was
going crazy they're like you guys need
yeah no I was mad I was getting that cue
and I was like wait what's wrong with
this there's a lot of wrong with me but
like really confused on like why you
were going crazy and I started watching
your things and I was like genuinely
confused and you just seemed very normal
to me but um exactly everybody in the
comments thinks they're like a legit
doctor and that I they're gonna tell me
I get the phrenic I'm like PS I'm sure
your medical degree hang on
I know it sucks a lot because then you
try thinking oh my god am i Nestle
everyone help you have what the Khan
Stronach Personality Disorder I've been
looking up and oh my god this is me
should I be saving him yeah it's you got
you googling you're like maybe I am
schizophrenic yeah
I dressed like it became more honest on
my channel and more like uninhibited and
people took that negatively and once at
the snowball you notice once the
snowball of hate start right Bobby
and then drama channels were like making
videos about me left and right and like
animations about me and it was like
flattering but at the same time I'm like
oh ya know I was really kind I'm here
talk about the animation thing he has
like a lot of time on stands he does so
many animal of him but like so much time
um and now you are or you're not friends
with Peter Mon we need to ask this
question
I don't know I'm honestly I'm so lost
and so I did the friendship uh well I
talked about it in a video and now it is
well all I will say is okay there's
drama at squash is done well well I mean
we're we're no longer friends and dad I
get it
one of the reasons I think people like
started to haiti is because the way I
described my side of things maybe came
off like cold or brash and I so whatever
but the beach ever yeah yeah well
I'll give you these I'm right on it
because you know um when they're all
happened I wasn't really sure I don't
really know what I loved both of you
people and I'm like what happened
because you guys were tired I get it
there's I mean I've have only always
friends lately and um this happens but I
didn't know I have to watch the videos
I'll give you both view so I can go
watch this drama unfold by the guy
actually down but exactly I believe in
it
well yeah because it I just was getting
so much hate over it was like it's just
not worth it I'll send you the unlisted
link so I wouldn't want you I'm very
serious not because like you know when
there's drama not involving you you get
into it right but I guess when it's you
I get it because I mean I could do
anxiety I get what you're saying so I
see both sides and I and I I didn't know
you I know Peter a little bit so that's
I was like well I'm really interested in
the drama but it is but I love that you
private it that's like very cool yeah
and there was no drama it was just you
know like people to go separate ways and
there yeah nice yeah right you don't you
look befriend someone forever that's
what I always say ah you're very mature
how old are you I'm 22 if I'm not naked
people think I'm 39 it was like this
whole thing on guru Gosselin wait I
still around I really thought her
gossamer was like done oh my god when I
first got my guru gossip I was I thought
I think like I won an Oscar I was so
flattered and now I'd like to folks like
thread going and I'm like upset it's
like no way yeah because I was dying I
would go look my thing wasn't update
like month oh look it's done now you
know it's about online and well you
don't look at it I don't know I don't I
just think I feel like you're like it's
if I see that like people are coming I
think I feel like I'm doing a good job
oh my god no I usually really addicted
to it I feel like oh my god they're like
living on everything that I'm doing yeah
but then I ask them that morning so
myself something if I should read up
anymore um how do you afford a Birkin
I'm so confused
um your point no are you - sugar daddy
give us a good daddy yeah I have deal no
I don't yeah
how do you for Bergen bitch I can't
afford a bargain look what the fuck you
there are you know I if you are save
your money and I'm here yeah why don't
you do that you save your money for a
fuckin bargain well here I'm very
fortunate that I get to live without
expenses because I live with my parents
and I have their support and data I have
a little bit more leeway when it comes
to saving money daddy
I used to actually buy and sell bagley
still like resell Birkins I made a lot
of money through that I did Photoshop
retouching professionally and I like
that so if you put your in the right
places you can pick up a Birkin yeah
look no good with a Birkin it would be
so iconic hot pink crocodile
I left up I don't know if I can I don't
know if I can like equation I'll let you
Chanel by 3 Chanel bags and even though
I was like like the pink one or like
6000 of it oh I could go for a brick
that's a lot of money I have music video
expenses I got a I got shit I gotta pay
like and then nice things but I'm a cop
once my la dummy I'm like those are
files you I wear those for now I believe
it's more of like an addiction I just
loved the bag so much and they're pretty
I just didn't know what you did I'm
again who is this person
I guess I just became familiar with you
from change podcasts are watching your
video so I was very confused people love
you so oh well I mean I yeah I people
think of a sugar daddy people think I'm
a prostitute people think I sling drugs
people have said all the theories it's
like if I was a sugar daddy or had a
sugar daddy or if I was a prostitute I
would talk about any think about the
story time
oh yeah I would hear but I love talking
about my age native hugger
exactly oh my god some of the East Burke
into 13,000
I don't think I ever like 20,000 what is
that one well is it are you like
uncomfortable talking about finances no
I don't want to recommend you on average
you were 12 and the most recent was 19
that's fucking crazy where by
oh that is so cute I mean they are I got
a Rolex that I have like literally sell
it because I was like this is too crazy
I was too scared to wear it was like oh
the cheap one is like 90,000 I was
wondering what I'm doing I'm making out
with this like it was scary medium onin
orcs I go I love but I have to make sure
obviously because I get god forbid
anything happen
yeah no I want my answer to my role
expect but knows everything honestly I
think a 23-mile Birkins let's buy some
booze girl like I live for that shit I
got a sugar daddy then I army goes for
explosions in burkas I would get like a
crocodile one like one it's like fifty
thousand dollars I saw this one I was
like pink crocodile and I was like oh my
god yeah George that's another reason
people compared us is because of lips I
used to have crazy lip injections you
did yeah huge cursor engine what
happened um I didn't realize how I
looked with them and everyone was like
you look like your mouth looks like a
prolapsed penis and I was like I think
by that literate but one day I was like
I don't know like this anymore so I got
them dissolved all of them it took like
four sessions to dissolve what know
naturally day there was so much product
in there that it just like built on
itself over and over
oh you can't have enough
I want more they won't put more on my
lips I want like five thousands around
it in me when you odd it's you know nice
oh thank you well yeah
so business or everything I mean like
they stayed somewhat sizable but before
they were like I want to see America
back to old Charles Rose videos oh my
god they're so lumpy you have 315,000
sure thank you I don't know wow you
should be involved in drama your to
booze for this ship I talk about
because I'm like up what this is why am
i involved in this this is stupid
yeah I mean honestly drama it's hard
it's like it happens in life now it's
just broadcast on the internet I feel
like it just says more about the person
saying it doing the drama than it does
about the person they're talking about a
thousand percent I have a crime of Java
channel that's like I'm so done with
Hirshman like literally five thousand
videos later still talking about me I'm
like okay this is like exhausting at
this point like itea any more like it
any attention I mean I honestly like
don't watch them I used to watch Salman
channels to hate watch and I'm like so
behind but I don't even know what
happened with you and Peter I don't know
what happened with Dustin I don't know
happen with anyone cuz I'm so behind I'm
like I just get old and plus my own life
miserable I don't need to hear about
other people's misery exactly like I
have so much going on I don't need to
hear about that stuff but it is
flattering and like Eddie any attention
is good attention as long as they don't
like come for my dog I'm fine what does
you have what kind of I ever should sue
and literally people are psycho and say
they're gonna skipper
they're like insane yeah we want you
alright yeah you've got death threats
it's scary stuff it's scary I know in a
certain point you just have to live with
it which sucks because it's like what
you gonna do and it just is scary
hope nothing ever happened oh my god
hopefully not yeah I know it's scary I
throws out a lot of youtubers for those
honey every youtuber gets death threats
and you just never know some god did you
burn your quit ha do any more burning
questions um yeah I don't know who I was
nothing with Shane had like that the
whole experience about how did you find
you or how did you find him room it was
so amazing
I literally what watched your candy
halls with him ah exactly and so like I
never a million years that I would ever
be on a podcast and I think he deemed me
on Twitter detecting it if I'm not
thinking he so if you're in LA I'd love
to have you on my podcast I was kind of
like I thought it was like one of those
things where it's like oh we should have
dinner sometime but then like a produce
to producer reached out and I was like
oh this is like actually happening
and I flew there I was in LA for like
two hours they could be on a flight I
was there they had me do the podcast and
blew me right back and when I know I was
totally fine with it but they didn't
have me tonight
it was I had a cold I had a fever and I
was on klonopin so it was I don't love
that
no it's professional eating when I did a
dispatch because like for so long you
know we just never wore on it and um
like you wanted on back oh my god come
on how about and the man I producer
contact me as I go doesn't all legit
like you know James like my best friend
I'm like well this is like a producer
yeah it's great I love it Shane my rap
shade and press everything sonic with
Charles growth do you think that people
get too mixed up with James Charles I
have had people get me mixed up with him
I think he's an icon and so if they want
to miss like mix me up and it's a James
I thought nothing alike with the names
always get me confused not when some of
the Jean Charlot Oscars and that's like
think I'm I had like wait which one is
which the other similar to me exactly
he's so sweet I've texted me he's just
like he knows he's so smart and he knows
what he's doing and he's like he really
has the game going yeah he is only I
need younger than you right he like 18
or something yeah 18 I'm 22 I might like
either now I know it was yesterday now
with someone younger coming up behind
you I know my youtube career what do i I
know
make us the same thing is more than
working bitters and flying oh I know I'm
so like a back on the others I knew
about that was a shame I like I'm no
fucking clue what bit of spinors words
like week ago yeah Oh what uh laughs
yeah this is so much fun we've all right
we do i i DM view a while ago you can
yeah and it's totally fine in the noise
you're probably like 12 billion DM today
um I'll make you stop you know I do it's
so funny I don't know you 70 VM so
someone's moving DM and all I respond
later in my number I always doesn't
always be on pace to and I always like
already responded I'm responding like
the last 50 of his the edmodo ship all
okay was it bad was it something juicy
that I should know about
no I said something very nice
I wouldn't I just watched your video
about your birthday experience at that
club and I literally I was there I would
have flipped the shit on those people
use our crack I would like to press
charges
I'd like it would have been really bad
yeah it was that was actually like awful
and terrible and like the worst night
ever but off like iconic you know yeah
are you gonna buy it huh I said you can
make anything iconic true we can I am i
I love you would you like wherever you
see you two behind why you can um I do
use your full time I still do retouch
photos on the side that I usually don't
charge because I really love it it's
like a hobby Oh a tax cutter I retouch
like Photoshop pictures I've actually
worked for like influencers before oh
yeah well I will have almost asked
Instagram bottles never believe anything
you see oh now I know so me into the
miles are alive and they are like
chubbier than me you know and there's
like big stuff ah like you'll be
Photoshop and angle my picture is like
Elvis and all these people are like
masters yeah I may pay for it well some
of them but yeah my youtube full-time
and that that's that I know people are
insane they're crazy
do you broadcast on here sometimes um I
used to a little bit but not so much
anymore it's so much energy talking for
like how long have you been on like two
and almost two hours aren't you like to
spend
well nerdy but I was thinking I should
probably gotta go better driving up
early but I was like no I like it now
that I've been dancing people I really
like it um I was doing on my own too but
you know I can only go an hour to
talking alone but ya know I love it yeah
when I go I get like I'm like I love it
but then after I'm like oh I like it's
just like my boy yeah they can be
hanging but not in his funds I don't do
that often so I'm like oh that's fun
yeah
I always let something slip that I
shouldn't say cuz it's unedited me all
the time I was like even she's my family
and so much fun we all me listen because
I swear that I said all
my mouse is run because it's Shane and
when I'm like Gilligan talking to
friends I feel like I can just talk shit
like I normally do and I go fuck I'm
gonna talk I'm sure this will get me in
trouble ten times over so I wouldn't
upload it's my youtube channel so we'll
see where the troubles begin tomorrow
we'll have fun with drama literally he
can get you to think anything changes
like Oprah he can literally pull head I
know I was in really cautious with
laughs I'm doing I'm fixing me I'm where
I say that there's a lot of there's
large to someone on that one
oh my god yeah oh my god oh my god
everything upside I want to go work and
shopping with you in LA
Oh honestly well when we came to some
money now the Adventist corn dog I
figure I way to for myself out a
different way wait everybody's like
freaking out about my rep might have
gone up my heart I am NOT I am NOT brand
friendly that's crazy yeah not a lot
like 90% like a hundred percent no know
how to plant my ninety percent but I
feel like your videos are like art like
controversial you're not like doing
anything that I consider you're not
brand friendly it's not that it's not
getting monetized
it's because mine are mine are all like
grants only there's none that have I'm
on taxes that just like there was no ads
on my videos and says my ID was and they
don't play or something I don't know but
I'm a professional more I can figure out
some money you're Nick support last
artists well you and me can start a like
what is it called like a whorehouse in
Nevada where I've never been down for
that a hundred percent
Trisha Charles porcelain I love it we
call a gross saloon we're in a world war
and you pay for that have ya youtubers
to be the Cosby's like Hannah mojo Wow
yeah shoot you go
thousand percent love a clinic Kenna
James Charles a line and people come in
like the babies I love it and get some
young that's what we do
Jacob Sartorius I
my god oh my god are you unmusical II
know I shouldn't Blake that try and see
though do it it's so much fun it's so I
carry like I thought it's me so stupid
it's like cringy and I did it and I
predicted okay I should Allen it let's
call me this music dot Lee right yeah
it's like on it I love everything I
can't well I happen to know like I just
I love it yeah follow my musically
because I'm like what is it this he'll
grow Jess Charles grows it is it Deborah
house oh no I just clean chakras I think
you're gonna like the dot it's so
embarrassing but I live down there right
now
neatly amazing on musically I thought
this is one more thing I don't need to
be doing but oh wait I'm on the wrong
thing I'm gonna go that's right yeah
that is I get so you can snapchat I had
a like take a break from macros I'm too
addicted to these things you social
media go there it is oh my god there's
so many thing but it's so much fun so
much I'm like oh yeah but I don't put
well I am going to get off but I love
you so much for answering all the
questions I feel like I was a podcast
host but neither you are oh I'm gonna go
watch our videos with your lips now yeah
there's a lot to be so I was back on if
you're back on we'll be back on Tim will
have to build a team we can do like a QA
no no wait no holds barred or something
yes oh my god and then people can ask a
question but there's bars with me I love
you so much I love you soon thank you so
much
iPod oh so cute
oh man I love all you guys thank you so
much for bringing the gas this is so
much fun
we did almost two hours you guys I'm
exhausted I also have to go to the
bathroom skis number one I love you guys
thank you so much for eating with me
this is like crazy this plant like
really long but I love you thank you Oh
Tessa for the bars good for the like the
heart everything be nice to everyone be
nice to each other and I said something
that would give me in trouble
cut me some slack I'm sleeping soon but
I like guys no don't leave excellent I
promise
oh I was come to a heart and I want to
squeeze her mouth wet Thank You Justin
Thank You Carl
thank you tomorrow um big eNOS fear who
he was trolling me um uh if Oliver chew
so CSF and her name Carissa firmed with
the Tyrian thank you everyone thank you
all again you guys for watching a love
you guys mean the world to me
thanks for eating some was like K bye ok
bye see I love you guys and we will chat
soon I take say goodbye and go back when
I think you get a pretty good part okay
just love that and always keep it classy
all right love you you know that was not
pleasant sorry
