okay we got back in El Cerrito I got to
go pick it up since you know Dallas and
that means we're back with Jane and we
all great fun please don't be awkward I
got money up I can pay for this dinner
oh my god what we did was a podcast and
if I will be out for like a long time
but it was everything
it was everything I put it about a lot
of it was cold and I go those are little
holders also plays out so we're back
2011 here we are
I'm I recorded you during answer the
ones have a little strawberry oh yeah
that's right he never even found a
strawberry
okay you can't for my video oh okay all
right guys um so look at this cake it's
everything it's pretty soft my computer
and she made a computer cake replica
because why is on a cake but also I'm
having a billion views on my main
channel so hi hi Queen coming which it
looks really good on camera
I know it's like sparkly look at that
the keyboard everything's edible is
brown ooh oh you ain't that a matter
last topic so does not come taste it
really yeah available it's a good on my
tongue I'm ready oh my god love you look
like a fairy so pretty
kayat you love it do you want to ask did
you try it
just put your hand and try a little bit
Oh Pam awesome cake oh that's tough it
is unclean you don't need a thumbnail on
something first of the cake fold them
down what would be the Sonia
do you need a picture of me I'm gonna go
should we just get away before her
father knows you can so let's take a
picture first just in case alright now
we're here we go stuffy you're coming
are you liking that ambition strike hold
it what if I drop this okay
oh yes for the change of the facial
expressions Oh big deal
oh my god me when I'm being honest like
so it is the grocery store you should
dig into it like we should do it for
real yeah
all right for the story and for the blog
okay ready everyone who want to serve
okay I'm gonna do a first rinse I'm
going to be like a five six seven eight
okay
quality Aloha I know you're ready scoop
off the side this creates a NASA hair
blogging thing right you guys watch a
fast
1 billion let's see how it - yeah
mmm-hmm
how that fits good is it is it Ronnie
just hanging around a we we should try
to close it the fun wait let's see if it
works Ready Steady Go
close it work is over oh I broke the
cake oh hell no you can just see that
and we're coming out oh and the glare
you're like oh my gosh how beautiful is
a bad I'm gonna cube up my ass looks
like I am it's just a Lulu
look it work function oh my god sure
really the real it turns off yes I'm
going to need six of these cakes okay we
have it so Mike you should come at is
where we feel not bad at me hmm you do
good this is good
I love cake on and down like ripping up
a scab
mm-hmm what do we think of that much
pretty good okay welcome sisters oh yeah
these are everything these are
strawberry can you taste the strawberry
lemon-aid lack of a few strawberries mmm
don't think of it within this is good
this shit if I'm sorry I'm happy we've
heard the one that my birthday party she
died gave me like she looked me up
because I didn't just try on ski I got
ecommerce you waited mm-hmm you draw
poppies yeah well hmm you magically said
my forgetting I think there was a little
bit more than this chart you're loving
the cakes well I'm gonna get in it
yes slice her where is it you slicing
when you're looking for a night I don't
have one mmm uh okay I see my staff I
use my fork okay - well today I want to
try this if you said this isn't edible
so don't eat it it's not edible
what does it taste fine
fondant okay looks like I want to be
like a geek squad yeah sometimes I
select that bitch cool mmm your
confession okay okay oh oh really what's
in the center
what's that oh fudge little fudge action
okay oh I get it on that so good get in
on that
Oh feeding it no oh you that
why didn't go oh this is like I'm
beating my cat oh no no II think rossini
honestly babies Wow guys are not by it
you guys what was the highlight of our
hangout today we've been with each other
not like eight hours like what was the
most highlight this cake the cakey my
it was getting just as dad's phone
number oh yeah yeah so room is that app
that's a podcast you know who I went to
sex with but listen to the punch
oh my god give you a hint he's just - I
didn't get elasaur scandal um what was
this rumor you loves Alfredo patinas for
the first time the steak was very good I
had a good time El Torito my friend your
favorite part I want to override like I
felt like oh it's fun mugging hanging
out of the car what no we're like
talking about our lives I'm like no I
also good for that - I was happy that
you guys lived all over together Trevor
does it go on the long ride home
together and we have this cake on these
strawberries and it's a perfect ending
to a perfect day
subscribe subscribe it is not like we're
that like sounds like but have you been
vlogging all this at the end of a video
Oh what was rested a you know um no I
can't get him something are you watching
the journey no idea what I watched
carpool karaoke good morning I logged it
what yeah I'll turn it off I'm Jane cord
and I was like vlogging in carpool
karaoke
he was like filming just a reaction in
the carpool karaoke are your action cam
is that you because you don't know how
to edit and click the actual video so
you're just so that's what I do
hey what's that silly you know oh my god
oh my god I love that video video it's
actually complicated on iMovie myself I
would say tau just put a TV behind me
both look at that smart um anyway I'll
just put this behind you whoa new
backdrop reacting - oh that is good
we're just watched some buttholes we
were saying about how we watch our but
pops out and then people eat it so we're
gonna watch some of that and honestly
that water made me feel kind of good
that water spot like I feel from
MacDougal t where's that bat in the
water promo yep this is what you look
for and you show you I'm really just
water loving for it yeah so anyways
that's our little night s TC cousin
funded by diamonds Saitama diamond water
well
