look how cute these wedges are I just
did an Instagram post about them but
they are so comfortable I'm going out
dancing but they're also dressy some
wearing them as like in substitute
appeals which are like so much more
comfortable I am so obsessed at Coco
from ice and ice-t and Coco nice let's
cook away them and they're so cute
see and then you wear them like all
dressed up and I match my little choker
big earrings so then you can look
dressed up but not too dressed up and
they're just so pretty comfortable I am
selfie on obsesses shoes oh thank you
hey guys it's been a minute since I lost
I think alas my vlog I have like one
single vlog clip of my computer as of
lugging this so this is the most
up-to-date love you're going to get
because as soon as I can get some sort
of vlog together for you guys it's going
to go right up because I post it and I
have to log in and a minute because it
was a really weird one his name is
Tuesday it's been a really weird like
five days I have guys liked on by not
one so fucking wrestler that fucking
blew up my social media where everyone's
just looking hating me - they did a rant
video a lot of Jesus was like I just
granted I mean I guess it was warranted
I guess bull like the hey I guess is
warranted I mean some people are really
vicious but I didn't know it was like
that exact I was just so pissed I was
like I'm gonna make a fuckin video on
you because that's what I told him and
he just like didn't care and you just
like blew it off and I'm like fine if I
can make a video
it was stupid it was a stupid videos
dumb like I don't like but at the same
time I kept it up there because of all
the fucking heat I got for I think Jesus
like this is what we're like telling me
like literally kill myself in the
different template is so stupid so I
just like and stuff I don't really get
whatever but like car talk about car I
really mmm
I'm never a slaked on it's like I never
flaked in the sense okay that's how he
considers like eat like he wasn't gonna
text me unless I tested him so like it
was 10:30
1015 attacks inhaling here we like still
meeting up you know because the couple
hours ago you're like okay yeah we're
meeting up and so so like you're not
going to catch the person to cancel like
that's flaky and like I have cancelled
probably seven hours interviews like
person I cancel on that day like I can't
belong at noon and we have the data at
something like and honestly if that
happen to me like if you it's happened
to me before if you cancel like a couple
hours before you know that I was are
like shame I'm doing my makeup we don't
I mean like you know girls no grows on
the struggle we don't just shower put on
clothes and come meet you like it so
fucking struggle so that's a really
applied in order this but anyway so um
so yeah I just like on a date and I
actually have never really done that and
if people call me flaky and do you like
either the day before or I just don't
make plans it so confirmed plans and I
like okay at this time this place you
know what I mean I would never do that
sometimes it is like it seems like we
should did you know this week and then I
like don't qualify I guess if considers
liking but you don't I mean but I
haven't been oh my god I have been raped
on in that same way within an hour or
less by two more guys and send like
there are something wrong with me and I
fucking my haters love it I like to know
I'm not gonna want you bitch I mean
maybe that's the case shit it is so
crazy I am like so scared to even make
plans anymore like this last person
who's like on me last night and I was
like kind of shocked because like even
like up until 45 minutes before he's
like I'm like an hour away or something
it was like okay cool so he was like
driving back from somewhere and I was
like okay claw and then he calls me and
like I got bad news and I was like I but
you know what this is my third time
being plagued on and honestly I the
second guy I have a full story time I
don't know if ever nine times and I mean
channel I did a story I just story time
like a week is we can have to go out of
stuff boy and I had like a follow-up to
him
he's not anyone like known and I went to
his name anyways it's like not even a
big deal whatever but it happened again
and I are you bucking like I can't I
can't ask these people like I don't know
what's wrong with me so I'm like so
scared to even like try make plans and
sometimes like hey let's go out to
dinner Friday I'm just like Nidal is it
even worth it just here's the thing it's
like do I just it's like a catch-22 joke
I just never date because I don't want
to be I'm going to be lazy and I want to
hear make up what I've done my hair
makeup three times now and gotten flaked
on and I'm like great I do like a video
I guess I as I have the hair makeup on
I'll like do a video and I did do one
yesterday actually a sponsored one
yesterday which wasn't we know worth my
while I had to do it anyway so it was
not a - but you know you know um I had
to get done because I wanted to do the
deal so anyways I'm like so calm winning
a spray tan today so it's been crazy and
at this point Minh time honestly like
it's just like laughable I think I can
handle it really great now because it's
happened three times and so I'm just
like I'm just an expert at this shit
this is why I hate dating
I'm in my hair I'm getting my hair done
today right we were sent like that bad
but I mean this is exciting I'm going
for my gold to like platinum I'm really
scared
well I'm kind of scared because I mean
not because in my hair colorist oh she's
amazing
I'm more um I'm more scared except for
the integrity of my hair cuz I get it
sound a lot we're having weird salad as
much lately so yeah so anyways that's
what I'm doing we'll see I goes a happy
Pride Month I mean we are well into June
I have my playboy bunny a little gay
bunny I'm having free month to all the
LGBTQ pas plus y is how cute me here is
it is so blonde now I love it there's no
more brass penis in it literally beyond
my background my phone no more
brassiness
you deceive
oh it is so good Zoey it killed it I
love it so much
she said up to you if you guys have to
cope and gotten like the same color I
love that so much I think it's so cool
but just be warm one is a lot of a piece
you always like some people like oh my
god it grows out too fast and you have
to be really careful with it but I am
obsessed with the fear question is so
good I'm excited right now I gotta go
get my nails I go pick up packages
different nails that I have so much
spray pee on I have a dinner tonight
with Sergio business owners and yes
see how that's the day go Aaron day
always I'm doing all three chains
podcast tomorrow because they're
wondering why I always forget like my
roots temp is breech and my nails done
before a big thing and it is a big thing
you guys look how freaking cute I just
remove idiom Kerry Wayne sample it's all
fuckin cute this laptop cases I have
that silver one for so long but when I
got my new laptop I obviously needed a
new case is that not like the cutest
thing ever I'm dying it actually matches
my phone so perfectly is not so cute the
company that are the EPI shop is precise
Couture it is so gorgeous it's like so
beautiful I just got it in so I'm like
obsessed this is my office I sit in my
bed I stare at Drogo but the Drobo is in
my life are getting a little out of hand
one drove o2 Drobo's three Drogo for you
guys I just can't like something I have
to obsess over things you guys know this
right now like I literally have in here
platinum because I want to be Daenerys
Targaryen like what is wrong with me
doing on the back this is making me so
well
I am so in love with ed sheeran his boys
actually I have him in my Walther
there's a naked picture me so I gotta be
careful water show but I have him on my
wall as well you see there's Drago and
there's Edie
and that's a to Stanford litem film
stars my favorite lyrics ever
