hey what's up you guys my eyelashes are
so wonky I literally had like 45 minutes
to get home do my makeup film like a
sponsored video that I had to get done
and everything and like my eyelashes are
like paying for it I always look out my
eyelashes what I feel like I can do
makeup like fairly decent my eyelashes I
think it's also these eyelashes in
particular like I think you're just like
fucked up or something but anyways I
just got in my new Bellamy hair color
extensions so I'm going to go platinum
like I want to go this color so these
kind of it matched so much on top but
that's the color I want to go so I got
some platinum they just introduced a
platinum which I love because the ash
blonde is probably the color I should
have been wearing I've been wearing
Beach blonde like four years from
Bellamy hair like four years and I
always thought that was my color but it
actually kind of looks more yellow gold
in my color and I want this white so
this platter is a really pretty color
these are just like brush extensions
like out of the bag on how to wash them
or anything and I really really like to
color oh yeah Bellamy you guys changed
my code I used my own code so I don't
you know I don't know I wouldn't promote
something I don't use right now and go
sure she'll give you this now if you
want Bellamy here so this is the only
exercise truly to we've been using for
the past three or four years I took a
break for a minute and was using without
a company down closest entrance end up
being atrocious I liked it at first and
I wash them and look awful so Belle
means I tried to I wear them all the
time every music video everything
hashtag Matt Barnes hashtag I'm going to
Philly it but it's not Falls like they
don't probably do video she's like
really really loving this car anywho
Lucy - I'm going on a girl's date
tonight with my mom my sister I'm really
excited I look nothing I closer together
mom in the sister but I've been going
through the thing where i'm like really
missing that in my family in general
like I just don't that weekend with my
father up in Vegas office now lifting is
driving me bananas Canada I just didn't
like really craving family time lately
and like I said not that I don't
normally but a lot more like I go days
and what I really really love my family
I really need to see that more and I
feel like it keeps you like more
grounded and I feel it this is just like
why I'm here to like use my family
salute myself out and I have to stress
what my boob is like puffy out here
every I saw my Instagram I have to like
this green dress everyone asked me where
it's from its formal coming all the
hello Molly it's really queueing
pictures it's not so few in real life
and it's also not so comfortable because
I can Australian company I got the
biggest size 12 it fit a zipped up find
in the back there were like little arm
things that were so fucking tight like
it business is actually perfectly like
it is it's fine
the boobs are really small my sister
even warned me cuz she ordered the dress
she wore for a birthday propellent Molly
she warned me that up whose really small
and ok but they're really as well and
the arm things were like literally I
couldn't even get the pulse of what is
this so and the quality also by just a
lot till about it was like not shame
because I sister like loves it and I
guess it was a success ok but oh my god
so freaking tight and just I don't know
the quality just feels very very cheap
to me and they're not cheap dresses so
yeah it wasn't like feeling it but I'm
wearing it it's like this rocker thing
it's like you it's whatever I mean it's
whatever I wouldn't I wouldn't wear it
again though yeah so I don't only return
things but I just like was funky and I
want another dress in them so I might
see how that fit I'm not like instead of
not a hater but the website makes it
look one way it's definitely a different
way of person but y'all were doing me so
many compliments I'm like I said it does
photograph nicely and maybe it does look
ok in person I just know for me as a
busty curvy girl it's like not my not my
thing but when looking for any more
lashes loving this hair color like I
can't wait to like my whole head of this
color it's very nice you bring up stuff
non-police yep that's very clean
Canaris sorry everyone here's my heart
to listeners what you don't know you
know me when I got my long hair and ass
bitch Nordics turning guys we are going
out to Mastro tonight one of our faves
in Malibu
yummy yummy food and a beautiful
beautiful view I am so excited
how so needles I like to not get
anything done say I like so much to do I
worked out this morning but someone
emailed to get through oh my gosh
let's give them these eyes I'm going to
just chill and enjoy that's what I've
been doing just chilling enjoying using
like worried worried work over from
Chile and are drawing like August emails
like of them turn off the family there
was more important step we made at you
know we are at the Susan L bone
we ant-man it
let me shoes daily look from Fargo Nobu
the install or just out is a little
overcast but still horns the proof we're
going to keep better look at the dress
so I know I have a sweater on out but it
has whole thing it's get though so for
this game going up the side it's a lot
further we're going to Mastro's and I'm
like holders are no blue so gorgeous
emerl of California so there is my
origin gorgeou gorgeous
so we have our dream girls night go to
handle over over the Kela what you did
now and I got a son husband we are all
wearing real time agency got a dream
thanks to the rounds will columnar mom
is your first time trying it is the
mantra it's so long so obvious
I mean it's different I'm Frankie me oh
my god I feel like I need to capture
this well first of all I won't even get
to my mouth see how this my that's not
working doing your snapchat or Instagram
snapchat oh yeah all right ready
see me first time you see me I say to
breathe you love it that huh it's girls
are like fried shrimp besides you like
them I just rice in from the ashram
Sakura was one of those oyster laughs
yeah you love ah yeah mom first time at
Nobu oh my god love this please
what is that
UGI palace of so crazy refugees right
here oh hi oh hi
I perfect eyelashes got their attention
but my lady I know my studio monitor why
do I want to ride we're proud of my god
you can whistle on is that was hovering
what's that noise on they put that on
races yeah I love that it would be good
for our brain I don't know gram I need
Emma that right looks so good
alright girls about that lobster -
there's just so much food a little
espresso yep
so wear it alone - look it's like a GP
now just a season of the Queen on the
bento box
oh good oh oh oh
how's the chocolate one
milk sounds you host aren't listening
at that
I was like stop going up you guys the
products show this last night look what
my mom bought me it was so sweet of her
she got me two boxes of coloring pencils
to go with get ready my Game of Thrones
coloring book she got me two of them I
had told her I thought that's not the
airport not going to Vegas but I
couldn't fit it in my look is hot but it
kind of fit in my bag so my mom picked
it up for me and then she got me this
moment as an emcee I was so excited oh
my god it was so cute
I have to show you that because I was
like I can't wait coloring is really
therapeutic I have a coat actually a ton
of coloring books but now that I have
like a game of Thrones coloring book
like look how I interpret that all is I
love it I'm like so so excited
oh so I was referring to edit the blobs
and there's like I didn't end it once
again I never ends logs at night so I
just got some breakfast delivered I know
I'm like so bad when I was his age would
take my time I ate pretty healthy for
the most part these last few days and
I've been really created I really crave
a kid I used to like not be a pancake
person like craving it someone and watch
I was your core like Lifetime movies
I wish Lifetime movie eat and then I'm
going to edit you guys thank you for you
guys does anyone know the name of that
actor attempt your face is so hot the
older guy he's in Molly's life Hillary's
comedian I need to know his name why not
show your face so hot
fake it all right um no offense to
vegans or anything like how can you not
bacon hmm is all I'm okay I pause it
that actor his name is Steve basic but
with a BAC I see she's on social media
with you guys now he's single hit me up
mmm these are my pink cake oh good okay
let's try it because pancakes hmm
they're so fluffy
mmm laser gun they're so so look at them
do this fall mmm
it's open you guys I just saw the first
edit of the silence music video and well
I watched on my phone and I like had to
stop it because it was making me
I think cuz it's literally my life story
and it's really really personal to me
and I don't know when I do a video on a
why it's so personal cause something
I've never really talked about um oh
just a lot and ha I had to stop it I
couldn't watch it all the way through so
I'm going to try and watch it all the
way through on my computer when time at
this just log three guys it's a lot it's
a lot and I don't know I have a lot of
emotions about it and my director asking
if there was any edits I want to make it
I don't I don't know if there is I just
don't know if it's too intense I don't
know if it's because it's like because
it's my story and it's so personal to me
that it's like a lot for me to watch
it's hard for me to watch but sometimes
that's the best art I guess you could
say is when you're really real intruded
the emotions that you feel and there was
a part where I actually cry I wasn't
fake crying a lot of it there's like
fake tears and stuff like that but there
was a part when I'm dressed in all black
and I watched my dad like walk away
where I had real tears and you could see
them in the video and then it brought me
back to that moment in my in the video
I'm shooting the video and then the
moment my life when my dad was back to
California and we stayed in Illinois I
just loved it it was happy so anyways
I'm not going to try and bring you drown
in this video uh hopefully you'll find
blah I hope you guys enjoy the blog I'm
going to try and add it for you guys and
uh that's it alright guys I will see you
soon here my kissies little bitch
was a song I miss big or the real other
thing I can't help but be myself a copy
ball shop keep it going
Oh
me Oh is the Sun
No
