even look like I don't even know I have
another gynecologist appointment say I
know I haven't had this any vagina
problems and salt long I am like not
even a whore any water mile turn right
onto North Rodeo Drive
yeah I don't even know what's happening
and it have a little bit of bearing and
in my experience is a little bit of
learning we do a lot of learning which
is not one that's okay I should oh my
god I know I feel like you know I feel
like it's got to be overly concerned
about your genitals and utterly
concerned you guys I am like everybody
back from vacation which is no serene
spiritual I like it so I feel like I'm
going to see like post vacation blues or
some shit why can't all my life is the
room-service champagne hotels in the
line I'm going to the guy now driving
myself at noon and then this car
stalling
really
oh I hate community Berkeley he'll
definitely I'm Beverly Hills my gonna is
gross that's why she going there but
like Beverly Hills is itself working
hard to drive people don't know how to
drive around here to art is booze and I
know got tourists that just are just in
that post vacation but anyway is parties
always a bitch Oh such is life anyways
three days of angina update soon I made
it outside if it's a minute out got
power spot in front was great
parking literally sucks okay I am at the
rodea collection so then he wants to
wear I love it
copper's adding great helps I see is
your calories are at Target yesterday I
am obsessed fifty so I get so sick of
water I drink a lot of water actually
but I miss my iced tea so pretty just
looks like a such an easy day because I
got my eyebrows waxed packages
everything's quite really quickly
helped us the week those as well whose
is the break bring another seriously
slipping loose up all right let's see my
outfit of the day y'all have seen us
before I look crazy but when the mail
comes out I like your hair I was like
what outside where she's talking me I
said oh I never said any girl be talking
to me
kept moving at its live so putting my
jelly ones in the rails am so fed up so
many packages to pick up let's go up
fold is something is here
this summer time for you think I hear
clothes that can't work out so I have to
work out today and what I'll become I
just made myself and had pizza for lunch
and all bad I'm not there anymore but
maybe on the scale and I was 25 and I
just eat pizza and cookies
I have worked out all weekend les amis
and make so kind of taper fracture but
open it 228 normally when I work out you
write progress you know I see we like to
ten so that's like 30 points double he
waiting myself it
all right so I just went and got my
checkup vagina looks good which is good
he felt around my breasts and found a
lump which then I got ultrasound and she
said there was multiple ones I don't
know what to think about it and I'm not
going to think about it until I go got
to get it biopsied
so they gave me some names and kind of
sucks puts his damper in some things but
hopefully it's nothing and it just it
makes my mom had breast cancer four
years ago and the grandma passed away of
breast cancer and she was in his fifties
so it's scary but again I'm going to
just try and stay positive and not worry
about something that I don't know yet it
well status because I can have faith and
spreading out and all that stuff I met a
subscribe where that worked at Lacoste
his name is Ryland and he loves little
Kindles I'm so cute not get killed
very nice dr. Eisenberg we hold please
feel free
so cancer which is also so sweet CVF is
prescription your love that so I got a
workout you're not taking I got just
saying that's called Hollywood secret
emergency kit not like fashion cape dirt
or moving sponge and a bunch of
chopsticks and fantastic photos ever
once considered really fun and plastic
wrap so trying to go to pharmacy to get
something non fun I just got something
dirty because my diamonds I like to shop
I can little shelf anywhere even a farm
feature Oh
