Buddha is looking stylish with my fedora
we got a Misgav and just let all I'll
pack up hi papa
so what are we doing I'm editing video
say I gotta take care of this pile like
my last well not one you like a pile
coordination care of and like over here
is a pile of clothes I need to take care
of oh but it's an improvement right
honestly if you were seen like this all
was like snapped hi also going to Vegas
for the weekend and like that's what I'm
wearing tonight awesome if anyone gets
the reference tell me below I'll be
really thoroughly impressed I'm sure
some of you will another one of my
dragon shirts that I sleep in I love the
trio chat alright guys so I am itit just
waking up this is like I have to well
this is like my day of like ketchup so
now I want to go back to like working
out another guy no appointment or
something wrong right okay I shut the
garage guys well that for a checkup and
potatoes kind of cause you want emails
I'm having like my sports day after my
music video um well I thought we would
do I did a little get on right and the
retail but I thought I'd you a quick
little like a quick routine like lazy
day like routine like when I wake up um
I usually have a skincare like process
like if I you know want to take the time
and stuff but because days later then
I'm not like doing anything
I kind of skip all these steps at once
and ease this one guy which I use him
every time I get my makeup done
oh this is damn new planet um brush a
shirt down um
I have just noticed it has hydration on
your skin you can use any cleanser you
want and one other just use this when I
use everyday Jewish any conjurer you
want um but it adds so much hydration to
my skin which is Latinas um obviously
drinking water helps to skin
tremendously but I wasn't even using
this brush is more hydrated so my makeup
goes on better and my skin just looks
better in general so either wet on the
brush on your hand you don't look like
Lebanon as much I kind of give it a
little sentencing I don't like to not
one of them I wet it a little bit there
are three different has it's made of
silicone so you know through places all
the time there's literally so so easy to
use there's like one there's AG one
little like button right here you just
ration it it's not complicated or scary
there's no working in a lot my face lit
it feels so good it's not harsh it's not
rough I just really like this one it
just easy - like I said it's not a
complicated system you don't worry about
changing it out and definitely when you
like rightness but this is all I doing
is like you want to have a note you need
writing pads after this because it just
feels that your skin is like really
moisturize it really cleans is you could
sleep really deep in and then just in my
music yesterday - I thought was really
important because it gives it that
really clean so easy to use
very Miami cloths are together
interested in it I will only get below
there's a discount code or a discount
link she's got a click inside discount
so oh and that's literally it for me
I see a makeup but I always feel so
refreshed
alright guys I'm gonna go edit some
videos I'll check in with you guys in a
few there's all those robes are not from
Agent Provocateur the other day my blog
i warn't wearing most all of them except
for this long blue one but I wanted to
get that anyway because I was really
sexy on but it's all this is 100% silk
all of it and it wrinkles so easy we've
schemed these like twice they wrinkle so
easily and I had my hangers show so
anyways speaking of agent provocateur
legit 80s in the over on the way home I
was so hungry
hold on my shoes oh my gosh why am I
feeling so hard like right now those are
the shoes I got I ended up wearing them
but you didn't really see in the video
well you see them at one point but I'm
not there I'm not on my feet so they
made the video special really pretty
sorry it was a boxing I was just really
excited about all those little snacks I
was going to come organized this bottom
room today
Oh watch out all these snap though mom
so it's just can't tell this is where I
do like all my like home unboxing like
anything new I get I put in here and
then I go through this room is like so
bad it's like you know it's relatively
clean but as I have it would be
organized so I do have another problem
so I go through and do that right now I
love in the sentence room I'm so random
I'm glad you so much stuff like remove
either easel first mmm a lot ruby
slippers JJ's and caffeine because
adulting is hard
I have so many these pups that I like
had a boxes but well but I got a mail do
not touch my poppy with widening
mutinies gonna be so cute my keyring
upstairs all relics rising we're going
to spread in Mari for later I want to be
tail for us only video hi cam bar press
apply this one it says running unhappy
in prayer my life but there is so much
go through
other words this is not the 21 did they
like jacket my mom and I are going to
see this Monday when I get back to Vegas
pop was that fun 21 had that in this ad
all right he was like a machinist ensue
and they have these shirts I know I
ordered two of these because I wanted my
mom to where would you I thought it'd be
super fun it was like literally finding
most random what things I ordered but
that one's that order them
Molly Martinez five every good what
seriously I need to like get in here and
like to do this up wabun I'm writing so
many days oh my microphone oh just like
the headset I was in worker performance
I couldn't figure out strong enough tape
for my mic Oscar it's a ball wide anthem
my lungi dance I was happy about
cleaning
watching my family I'm gonna be honest
who else does like this around their
house like literally so miss Matt like
so ill-fitting like I have target for
these little mermaid short I was like I
don't even know this like many of you
were sure and recently found that stuff
all right guys I'm going to eat some Zen
I wrap it and the best leave it ever my
spot I will just want to tell you and
Topsy view my squat because like awesome
so excited I got Cheesecake Factory let
this chair over if I don't eat like this
and if I feel like no it's actually kind
of like I have to pee in here which I
will eat don't worry about a week eating
shell right it's really this isn't okay
and then in a great he's thinking I
always order as I'm not doing as eating
for I feel like I've always easy to
configure that TK factories who I love
and rise yeah lessons from now what I'm
actually gonna watch the nerd if you're
me I recorded it ever awful but I'm
actually hosting as the one
I love to listen so much
we offer I do I let me love it this is
my legs business day after my music
video I love it as you guys were chicken
littles before I kick back and relax
them why is every so fun will always do
one of my favorite restaurants and I
love that back then there mm-hmm
which one today I'm so like particular
that one looks crunchy I love these mmm
okay well we're gonna stay until the
eighties so got my bachelor party on my
time with a k1 which is being curing it
I can't get that state like me I'll try
to use flora wind up making some home
let's match to that party for a lifetime
is too funny Vera Walker announced blunt
iron literally away watches for July
band I eat this watching a finger
whenever is from our spring we all know
times
well I'm like small jaan raghav
education I'm not very dancing
I was absolute rubbish all right not a
new drink is my cheesecake
once it's gone we have a camp crusher
back in the day my house that would
crush the camps and easier level I'm
going to kick back watch another master
movie now we're it into a circle you
know let it turn it off like I can and
usually I love terrible movies whatever
else is terrible Angela I got a niggers
chunks cheesecake and why am I so
excited about this my favorite part is a
chip part oh well that's not the
co-planner to what mmm
there's like Snickers cheesecake chunk
on top of the cheesecake no joke guys
this is like the best little cheesecake
I've ever had my life is so good what
there's a Santa I'd show you forget you
dark what is that it's it almost feels
higher you aren't asking it it almost
feels like a little crusty early college
but I like walking wall you can see
where I try to like put the whole like
baking soda 500x someone said it look
like a burn on Twitter definitely wasn't
a burn I don't know where it is but it
always we you so much I usually look a
little solar pillow where is that also
true if X was a high over but L is just
like my slop I honestly have no idea
back out there no idea I always notice
when I like spill something exists
means more are going to stay in our
something books and let's just describe
cheesecake on my shirt and I kind of
like laugh it up there are so many wait
watching it's like 8 o'clock at night
right I know there's like eight and
there's so many wait watching like lose
weight things on lifetime at the seminar
what is that so we're all right mushy my
cheesecake and watching my show Ashley's
you DDR and all products we like on
commercial wine watch commercials and
your DVR but when I have a chance to get
more spring this one's like me I go chew
this is so look at this was prospective
that septum mmm
and the teaser for my silence music
videos out now on my youtube channel and
i'm in one jump you got it up with them
lead a teaser in like 12 hours pretty
cool right so check it out
so far so good it's a good reaction it's
an intense music video and applause it
came back until we get intense music
video but I tweeted that I'm into a
video right before the music video comes
out kind of explaining it without
explaining it but I don't always like
light and happy videos not I'm not
talking about me but like with other
people because sometimes I feel you have
to see suffering and we sometimes you
have to see suffering in order to get
over it to get through it that's how I
feel sometimes I see suffering myself
included on my youtube videos or I see a
piece of art that show suffering whether
it's like actual art was using at all or
like art in the music video form and
then I'm like I'm seeing it I'm
acknowledging it and I'm going to get
through it so trying to keep that in
mind I'm going to like a little video
before kind of explaining a little more
of where I'm coming from again without
really explaining what no in the bottom
too much cheesecake I going upstairs to
good action
I go excuse me I go to bed I get in bed
and I'm lit up like four hours I edit it
sometimes I don't like twice a week so
I'm hanging out up some videos just I'm
caught up before I leave for Vegas
relaxin
oh and I watch YouTube I check email
Instagram
this is mellow cozy let's make this cozy
always that's for my life live into my
bed all day off these legit flit off the
mill the night and I like my journal
downstairs
hmm pushy a times like this feelings I
oh hi mere biology as a journal -
announcer I have a pen okay now these
are my essentials for a nighttime
routine my journal I do poetry in here
it's mostly sad poetry when I'm really
stressing right in here the water which
actually had won her over there I
brought some of these snacks from
earlier because I'm real excited cuz
I'll be up here for a while
bones wrap top and mache we export a
second flat I just took future kabocha
massage change in pajamas surprise but I
was standing in this mirror and I
literally just pushed her and I was like
oh my gosh look at his room with his
background look at me being artistic
look at Elvis look at my dragon pajamas
look at my mess of a room she lies and
there lies in my hair let's not even
talk about this hair and if you I saw
this underwear and granny panties and I
was like this is 13 reasons I just look
like pose that I did they're really cool
glamour hold we're doing live singles
can you slap them in this photo
this is why some of I'm single okay well
me and my dragons are gonna call it a
night I'm probably actually at at y'all
tonight
Oh as you see we got support real quick
I mean half water I did not finish up
like my biggest thing lately is fishing
my water bottle place whenever I was
driven away you know pygmy sissy at me
general ISIL recovery yeah so I put in
some things before why wanted a Natasha
Dione sunset eyes eyes sunset palette
and they were all sold out
and then I put in two additional things
when those things showed up I was like
okay cool
and these are my favorite glasses Dior
Addict ultra classes literally every
makeup artist I have worked with has use
these in spring ball and shock they are
such pretty colors we show
I got like super dark but look at those
the colors are gorgeous they have this
beautiful shine and I'm is everything so
I might not show those because remember
Ben why not but I love you so much
and fungus wants to focus on my dreams I
look guys so much
hi I'm like itching to got about evil
times I like want to go that okay let me
know thumbs up this video if you guys
like these kind of long because I
literally didn't do anything but
everyone's like we like you doing
nothing as a okay I'm having a good ass
good energy day so I wanted the good
energy to flow to you guys I overdid I
love you guys so much thanks for
watching and the Emergencies normal of
shoes mmm
