is the day of the race video shoot
yeah I was my first look which is
supposed to be like grunty the present
assume you're in sweats and like just
like deprived and ratty mean so heard
omics blank mclamb but he's actually
looks really good I'm Adam
so I'm like so grateful for because he's
to America today and we only met once at
member remember same glam so I'm not
grateful and appreciative him and he's
got a definite limit is our loan was
because so weird like be going off to my
music video like alone and nothing about
projects women among teens and angel and
haters and passions the Wardrobe Isaac
video right yeah yeah I like the rubbers
I see what a coil early oh I know I love
it that was super citing my genius never
that excited to be on bloggers like
right whoa hired shim hired first time
yeah but I'm gonna go excited let's get
naked so I mess up come on come on CIJ
okay
jacketing are you - how are you man up
there which is that this scene where I
was lying on the forum
oh there's very little progress made
this is my little trashy is to start up
my videos about some lobsters valve
literally the best actress ever obsessed
with her so speeds I stopped in the
subject text decorator you've been a
little PA with the schedule into the car
you just do a little bit of everything
how do you like it so far it's fun as
far yeah she's been dramatic and how to
like make yourself cry all the time is a
lot of oh well that's the best part of
the Bible swaddle Cervantes cried well
hunter for reals no so now we'll have to
be really honest and we're arguing a
stretch you want to play here slightly
dangerous you sit down
this is microscopy motor neurons both
now have had you know so much low you
get your but not stop a unit just our
song alright I'm gonna play here on the
semi-final to make you do it and you're
lucky all right why do you think Nvidia
with a blast this is a director now
everybody I'm real here real drivers I
was Casey backyards latches holiday is
that glasses so Tricia might be getting
stuff out person okay
I don't really want to speak we're going
in for another yelling - oh hi sorry go
ahead family okay we're going in for one
not fight Casey down into the boat Casey
your ass are my gloves what's up girl
wait right there that's what we're
seeing in this video tutorial write
we're going to say for myself oh he said
it was getting conducted for - cool
actually
why don't you just pass all the way
around there I was like that
so skater chips and ethanol now more
than ever we cannot and will not about
creating theater blacklivesmatter kids
know that status an LS what's able we
can drop a little bit changes your Trish
yes Big Daddy yep the cool my dropped
you guys would be so gross I don't know
who would go but that would hopefully
help me I hope your should don't we turn
down this help soon some morning left to
shoot here am i coming now or no
Shawn I'm going crazy by whatever asking
is ever rubbed on yes ma'am
agent Walker a new instrument asking me
hopefully or crying more look good
thank you Potter exactly
no your mom escaped
there's no performance in this video
which is record weird for me lighting on
the record rock was anonymously a lot of
the real lot of things I can't help but
be myself and happen
come on a big mouth ah no uh no big
heart big hot shot
hard funny oh well you're gonna be
written so long no works me are you know
whatever you have yeah I got I feel it's
our losses on sequel oh and lights went
out one by everyone we're all the wrath
whatever they need in it
Adam over there everyone Adam Lee
Simmons if you call you I like them
there's Adam sent abdomen you Adam
Simmons do they call you Adam Lee or
Adam Simmons sauce with Instagram names
are not just your middle name oh yeah
it's that edgy name we wrap it in hair
and makeup this is for you to be
together what do you think we had a
great time yeah for being an exciting
little bit wind did you yeah
with that ass before after your seven
Starbucks at your fit red hole yeah I
make it look flawless to this crying
yeah he did this he did it he may be
serious everything counted absolutely
that's what he does he was dead made me
cry called me a whore every day there it
looks good I said he already knows me
already knows me he why is this what you
know he's actually really nice in real
life so you see must absolutely I'm very
nice this is very nice very humble he's
got this bag but yeah he's very humble
yeah we've got she's got this whole Wow
I know look at that hi ladies thank you
so much Mike everybody go home literally
on you so much my last thought I have
been on the computer for the past three
hours
so especially my bedtime you will
probably see this on both my blogging
channel and my main channel if you are
on my blogging channel today was a crazy
day of my music video I came home and
filmed them with Blanca membrane channel
and again and ready with news my main
channel if you want to see both I'll
link them below if you run a main
channel hello probably on the main
channel
you're on Isis crab my vlogging channel
I blogged my entire day on the music
video set with all many people that I
loved so much and yeah so I'll link that
below if you want to see that and if you
want to see my Luke bone daya filmed
before the skin ready with me at like
that below and if you guys believe in
dragon thumbs up this video I love you
guys so much I can't wait to just go to
sleep
I took care of a lot of emails and a lot
of business things I had done so I feel
very accomplished so sleep very well
knowing I have to get up early to make
sure I want it
alright guys I love you more than you'll
ever know is here my kisses bye guys
