okay guys I am suck at vlogging recently
um but I am going out to brunch and I
bought these chokers and I haven't worn
them yet but I literally bought them
cause of Game of Thrones why am I so
crazy on sentiment I watched it all the
way through with an ex person and I was
like not into it and now I watch it I'm
like really into it so this is not like
a game of Thrones we're off but someone
told me it's like a witch inspired
outfit which I guess is kind of getting
thrown camp which is in there but yeah
this is like all okay so this is free
people so somebody's want is you're
asking so shoes are question I think
either Aldo or Steve madding I'm going
to like lift the soul in a second this
dress has misguided but it's actually
really big so this is like a size 12 and
it's a humongous on me I have sort of
felt like I don't understand although
you guys will see when I go to the gym
see I have been doing a thousand
calories a day at the gym you know just
trying really really hard okay today
we're going to go have brunch so I
probably am NOT going to grow my diet
but I've been doing really good on my
diet
I just really haven't been vlogging so
I'm really been doing anything but I got
these chokers as I was going cuz of Game
of Thrones my Sun and stars one of my
life like stuff I got I thought they
were so cute was a staff from Topshop
but yeah this belt was made for me with
pair of jeans you pull this down warm
and then it's got some equipment hair
extensions and then my bag is free
position so I'm like really pale this is
like super pale for me but I don't know
sometimes I like embrace the paleness
and then sometimes and use a spray tan
but I look really pale because the light
is coming like right here so it's like
super super pale when I come back I kind
of dig the vibe right just you today
okay so I am going to brunch
I don't thought of red I would think of
what Instagram like brunch by brunch day
well I don't usually go to brunch not
focusing I need a second to tell you I
know I get terrible job flat ironing
this whatever I'm going to work out
afterwards um see ever going to peel
miss miss light um but like it's a
Monday so it's not a Sunday to Sunday
brunch Saturday and Sunday brunch like
forget it you wait three hours so it's a
Monday and I am so super excited because
okay a little bit of back backstory I
don't even know when lots of my vlog
this is going to be like the longest
well ever because it's going to be like
so random of random stuff I'll try and
take you guys with me through my day to
day because right after brunch want to
come home work out so maybe I'll take
you through today nothing that's not
super exciting I was like tuning out
already don't know that tomorrow over
this no it's that storytime flick store
time so I got this video a lot of guys
when you make this about me tweet me
like you know just redesign my song
reactions to my songs musically as what
happy and I like love it
well this guy I had recognized his name
is T Kyle map have asked him like what
his real name is um decal math on
Twitter and when you have a tableau
verified checkmark like you can see
other people's blueberry pie check marks
to the sky of blue verified checkmark
and would always like tweet at me now
having said that there's a lot of people
have moved verified check marks and not
to say like turn nobody but you know
what I mean like you can just get them
without having credentials as being
someone's that needs to be verified so I
kind of just assumed that because I get
so many of those people that follow me
and they have like 60 followers and
they're not like doing anything
entertainment or anything so like okay I
just like a random blue checkmark
well you treated me a few times and like
you know you just go by the ABI that a
baby yeah babby that I have a picture of
a happy picture I have no idea anyways
so I have seen it before but like I just
Mac sometimes I just to always put on
the link like it like oh I don't really
get that many tweets but I'm not I'm
used to it I'm on off to her why way and
I saw like something like why she's like
the queen of pop at the thumbnail like
cracks me up like I loved it it was like
hats like me like me eating chicken
fingers and then me from like a music
video and then like me was my crazy big
sunglasses on and I died and I was like
oh my god I have to watch this so I
watched it and like fell in love with
this guy like not only was he like his
personality but like and of course
spotting all the Britney references but
then we add obviously actually had met
and fit in Vegas and I totally actually
remember him too and I was like oh my
gosh this is so crazy so anyways every
tweeted it I was like I was like playing
it like pretty much a little bit on my
Instagram for what everyone has checked
to see I was so funny he like did the
side-by-sides of all the Britney moments
from a music video and as I calm
I'm a best friend like I was like so
obsessed I started following it and then
I tweeted it and all that stuff like
that well a week later like this all
happens week later like he's in LA and I
just because I start following on
Twitter I Sasha's in LA and yeah I
thought about reaching out to my mom I
got this like creepy and weird but I
don't want to be like weird and creepy
and be like hey let's get together
although like I kinda thought about it
anyways again does our new background
occur well and then Daniel retweeted
like the video and like this is
everything daniel freita and so he's
like this is everything or this is
iconic or like this is extremely
important or something this video the
one he made about me to us to count Matt
and I looks pretty cool I kind of you
know whatever cause he's like a Britney
fan tastes like s e-g I just assumed
that that was that well as for too
literally years ago he's like hey like
she came accent how we should all go to
Brad sounds like wait how what you know
him he's like yeah he's like literally
my sis from New York and I was oh my god
so crazy he's like you so he's a good
peeps he don't mean like what he did and
he had likes it's like legit job but not
that doesn't matter like what you do but
you know like this really cool job and
everything not just like this is so
random like this is just someone I just
thought was just like some random like
kid if it right I just always assume
everyone's like 12 and I shouldn't like
engaged too much cuz it's like creepy
but then I Prasad's video and SEF and I
was like oh my god so then I said yes I
oh my god like I look sad like this is
so random that you know him because like
I literally became obsessed with him
like a week ago
obviously I watch the video then I watch
it all his other videos like am i fat
and like all these videos and I'm a
sucker for them like that one
I got me over here to sing so skinny
with my water so anyways long story long
I just made that being probably way
longer than it had to be work or a brush
with a I'm back and I'm super excited
and he has a YouTube channel I will link
it below I'll link below the video to
that I'm talking about because I was
like I was living like before I knew
anything about him I was like living
like yes I need to be this person's best
friend so I'm really really excited it's
really cool so like here's the thing
like I there's a lot of time just here
though I need a flat iron alibi but I'm
not going to
there let me come home take my hair oh
and exercise um I wasn't make one so you
know I'm excited like when I'm excited
to meet someone people when I hung out
with like Danielle's I like don't wear
makeup always now that I'm not excited
to hang out with them but I'm always
like you know we want to impress make a
good first impressions I just put a
little makeup little isn't really ten
minutes what did she do we make it more
often because it just literally take ten
minutes anyways comes of the shoe I'm
you see okay they're all dome the shoes
are all dope so I'm super excited like
mayhem and like I don't know like I get
really nervous meeting people though
like in general like not even just
people that watch my videos and then I
watch their videos like this in general
and I'm like really excited and it's a
Monday morning and I'm just like up and
add I'm ready to go
so anyways we'll see how does I know I
haven't been sucking a vlogging so I'm
going to try and make an effort to like
take you with me places so starting with
rich come on way my favorite when people
do this like really is upstairs
yes love it so I gave him a background
again I'm an intro he wise look with you
is bringing dishes yeah I don't know
that he goes backs like even though like
background I was like saying like I
found your video and then you guys're
actual friends if you were actual
functioning human being I wasn't a
vessel and I was like oh my gosh like
subscribe I'm really an actual this
child you know I not only so obsessed
he's in town from a New York so we're
just having friends yeah collateral for
our brunch no Raja is birthday today I
would like why didn't I
why don't we not agree brunch just here
yeah hell with you yeah okay I mean
leave a comment down below is meeting
Greece I honestly do that by tomorrow
we're all going to go to Brittany
together to we're all gonna dress up as
Brittany I'm gonna be Brittany you're
gonna be keep on sex happens no no I'm
going to be worked with metal yeah and
you probably would like to rock that so
much so we're gonna be keeping me
Brittany in October
yeah I'm going to cover some meaningless
noise
I work out on shopping birthday and
jumping ship relationship with the South
Tower
iw worked hours today yes you're gonna
be excellent
so I should love to talk but
a little happier but we're here didn't
say always always there with right out
who these an Angela dozen supposed to be
another person too weird comes back
or a hundred 19
we
yes my life lately something gasps okay
I guess for mushrooms I'm a little
washed-up superhero forget so much today
is gas will charge across the area house
plus is that I go I'm really excited
about from these videos I have something
coming up so I have about a month and a
half to get you should little videos
them and two big projects I have to
prepare for it so a lot plus I'm doing
two music videos for all that so I'm
just doing the most I asked them taking
on another third project which will be a
little longer in the making will happen
like later later this year flat there's
so much happening and I'm going to put
all this vlog from when I decided
tomorrow music video shoot so I was like
you know what this will be good I'll
take you about my ear and today I have
my three people bags it reminds me of a
dothraki bag
he's my situation happening I don't know
what my outfit says it looks like
cardigan sweater with like a penis dress
I mean you see I'm poses gonna Hama my
Versace glasses now always
the congressman Davis is so expensive a
desk in LA I'm back to blogging and in
vlog all off I am like so little loser
when I was logging we need to do it
boarded by Blake actually love it I was
going to be like in this mine space and
since I kind of clean my house the other
day like we just cleaned it up no more
decluttered for my brain so any misra
bucks goes to my hand my favorite thing
to do all right now we are on that booze
rodeo joining my salon is like right
Beverly Hills which is actually perfect
cuz usually I'm very prepared for music
videos resnickie since tomorrow's music
video is very real it will be like real
Trish right and like jeans and tanks
like okay I can handle if I don't need a
custom-made but I need a silk robe are
you - silk ropes that are very like
iconic in the video and I didn't order
them I didn't have a red tie border and
luckily the place I love agents rocket
or has two stores here in LA so there's
one in Beverly Hills
remember the one on Melrose is one of my
rope school clean when tomorrow's wasn't
all that so I will go there for
handwriting and then my last door is
trash lingeries all apps or it's
actually a really nice store josh has
minimal shopping lately I've been
wanting to say my money for your like
writing so I get a workshop that I go
through sports where I like really love
talking and when I first started making
money I wasn't oh my god I had to fight
everything thinks I could and now it's
like no this year and a half I just knew
handbags and stuff is just up get ones
here and there but not like they used to
patience here it is
I loved it so much I said never be able
to fit to their lingerie here and I want
this to my channel well I'm saying that
was fat so now I have all my wardrobe
for tomorrow I got so many two things I
will just show you why I went in the
bank till tomorrow but my career is
coming so I walk away with my agents
office or obsessed secular closure a in
LA and get the girl to question the
killing people don't realize myself
included how hard blogging is like I
just got in my car and no I'm not
recover and I got about my um cousin
camera so I take it out of my bag in
like wait and like melt it you guys I am
in such a good mood and not just about
something cause it's not about shopping
two things one I don't anywhere else to
go I can just go home pack and chill for
this night which is like grabbing a
spray tan or anything like I'm like
really excited just chill and like I
worked out this morning so like I'm
super super so about that I thought I
don't have to run around like two three
four different places to try and find
you know these fuzzy slippers and then
see little white gown and then like a
darker gown like contrast an almost of
em I thought it all there it was amazing
the other reason I am so freaking happy
you guys agent pocket or like barely fit
me back in the day their robes barely
fit me lingerie like the gowns and
ninety is never never fit even though
larger sizes for you one two three and
four
I don't know I feel I've been working
out I really like I said I haven't taken
this way the gym but ever you have been
working out as we do about a thousand
little lessons on calories every day I
don't know how you guys like wow Super
Show mm and I kind of agree with that
but at the same time I'm like no I'd
like to just do my thing watch Game of
Thrones men doesn't feel like I have to
hit a thousand okay just like what went
so few turn again people all mad
entitled and um I just you know I've
been working out really hard and you
guys do see my moves on and when I blog
I never vlog like me eating a
hard-boiled egg like sometimes I do but
like I don't you know what I mean like a
blogger doing something fun or I'm out
to restaurant which actually I'm
watching these well asleep or nothing
how exciting has happened or I've eaten
anything exciting but I've been like I
have been doing good with my night a lot
of people are like how it's not to
Center pounds from all the moves once I
do
it seems like a lot of moves Long's I'm
sure like what I post like sometimes
over like a week eating whatever I want
and I'll spend like a move on every meal
but then I'll go for like three weeks
like being good and shit you know so
anyways no point in I fit into four and
eight in front for lingerie I'm I bought
I needed like two outfits from there
I never been like four pieces that could
you know we'll see which one's work but
also I was like you know what that's it
basic they they sent me now I'm so proud
of myself I'm going to buy them all and
that's right him I'm so swollen
applehead and feel let me have them not
my hair salon and this is one last meal
before my shoot so I guess I've been
actually watching want to eat pretty
well for the past few weeks I don't
think I need to do so because I have a
performance June 7th that I'm going to
wear a little undies for and I'm other
things that I just wanna look good for
and I like it
I'll go few days in there but
I'm one marry your album hmm food
awesome 20 Merrill I joke with you so
call have know what like this kind of
food here so much by one got hung cream
I mean like eat when you're hungry so
you don't mean mmm
let that machine so plain and bland and
say sulla
mmm apples and cashews okay okay and
then fishing examples of ever hit - a -
or anyway so I'm sorry I will do our
shoreline today guys there's been a
minor mishap there was the cancellations
sweet is annoying last I get this but
you know what figured it out work it out
I didn't want to roam again I've been a
progress but no do we notice the to
carry out anything is carrying represent
showing blood all the way alright guys
that is a wrap from video crap I packed
all my things downstairs I definitely
have that much to pack side in with my
shopping at laundry store today so
protective clothes these these socks
shoes accessories that stuff it's my
first music video tomorrow I don't know
if I really won't have water but it's a
brand new experience for me on this
music video tomorrow and I am really
nervous I feel like I should just talk
to you guys um she's asleep right that
is I mean I have too much coming
tomorrow
not that that's appends on that make my
bed usually but you guys are coming
tomorrow and I have new sheets and
seventy-second whatever that's a little
gross right and has to be careful this
like naked picture on the wall of me
alright
not so good so I forget the lighting
timing it does not focus well I won't
say it long but I'm I kind of starting
over with the music video process is not
I have a same crew in the same director
it just there's a big piece of the
puzzle that will be missing tomorrow and
it really really sucks and I don't want
drama but there's no drama to be had at
all none like nothing bad nothing
anything it's just hard to start over
but I think something I need to remember
self I'm gonna remind you all as changes
good I don't like change and I stay Ruby
I try the same people around me I don't
like change
I like I'm you know I mean like I like
my life changing like I'm really like
little what sweet feed from Popeye um I
don't like change of people around me
like I don't know if I don't do well
with it freaks me out I get anxiety I've
had anxiety so tomorrow's gonna be
interesting and then oh it's not drama
but like just my actual anxieties and
like fears it's like
don't want to manifest meters I'm not
going to the ball tomorrow will be great
we have a lot obstacles but tomorrow
it's gonna be great and it's a really
actually sad video which is sitting in
or like she has like I'm gonna happy and
I am happy but I have this sadness I
feel you mean like I'm living my life I
love my life have some weeks I am
thankful for chips there's this thinness
or that there's so many little pieces of
me that have broken off in the past
months three months year and I feel with
each and if you have a piece of my heart
that's a big deal that's a big deal I
don't give my heart to many people but
if you have a piece of it and it breaks
it doesn't grow back I like feel like my
heart is like yeah it's almost like in
half for all the pieces that are broken
off some larger than others and it just
looks it just that's a lot of my heart
has broken off in the past few months
and in the past year and it sucks but
you don't need a whole heart to live
hahahaha thank you just need a little
bit and and and it's okay I have a lot
of a lot of heart for myself so that
wouldn't go anywhere I am going to just
relax
on my iPad I like this giant I've had it
everyone always talks like ask me about
literally matches my phone kick oh my
god like lift and it's like two
different people who made this cover and
you made this but it's not funny let's
take a template or something right
obviously like it's like literally the
same thing alright alright
like literally the exact same thing like
two different people mean what pricing I
love you guys even more than a little
plain also I know I always show this
like high standing at the disco oh hi
khal drogo mmm my dreams would reserve a
Toby's closest to my headboard oh yo
just am also fine he is happily married
with kids the damn mackerel lucky she a
lucky has bitch like she's cool right
I've been hot mother and my sister
bottom on FaceTime earlier I saw
mm maybe Apple man Oh and worked out I
love guys and I'll see you soon that
what don't you mean oh my god I get
kidney messy sent by I sent off and milk
is you look at these sounds like tissues
Oh Lots Lila hi guys
Oh
