apartment is really small hands for
hanging a falcon in my face flick it
like this
that's what selfies of proud keep my
sister's trying to get a selfie in she
put all her hair Broadway I thought I
would take it so nice happy very much
get Lizzy activists in Michaela
I love watching these things up you're
just so fucking far like I think yeah
you ready the creature okay I'm worried
YUM Oh your pad
haha let's observe
meet you there little bit metal
don't have monthly using our army oh
love that honey but what's up Jenna alla
vodka with bacon little wondering if
there's a bigger look Jesse speaking so
at count yourself yes that one was it
well you know Mother's Day I got a
preserved
second um so we just finished and now my
sister's going to Pier one I wanted to
go to bars in a little remote that's no
Trader Joe's so as I said you're walking
over that way I'm never playing a time
it's closest lighting my sister just
doing best couple ever throws including
Game of Thrones which is my actual I
love the whole minute sound that I'm so
glad you're going to run simple I need
to get new journal I love journals my
favorite things in the world okay crazy
my mother's bladders online play on my
life oh my god we didn't have a team
we're getting to rest movies my sister
was tired hit for tonight so - at home
we're gonna go through snaps hashtag now
klomps we actually did get sponsored by
this movie for Facebook post well like
we really wanted to see this all looks
really excited but also give you a free
tickets in that limo but you know okay
we take this Blanc money and come see
the movie so let's over to him
where
I was a dream Wow how can check you like
they don't have on here like it was Dina
okay so are out after room make me / not
a what's about the remembering 52 times
my date / not date watch my blog so stay
not be if you see this the clothes
myself it was really fun I drink so much
champagne
putting under there I got around
all right way what is they get from a
dragon and I love you so much
if you're watching this after your teeth
so about hat Pacific different orange
like brace years whereas numbers just
look cool how it has makeup on her hair
done and now I feel about my hair makeup
done in a Michigan sure I was like at or
something just had my significant
beautiful specific differences me with
my hat what do we think of is I don't
know I like it Mississippi before I feel
like was extensions it would looks
definitely cuter with some a pawnshop
I just I'm looking alone
Oh cally what was your specific I wore
Michigan missus like we're Michigan's
I'm Steve Allen where's and what did you
pay for that
did you know only an erection for like
uh between puts the balance words and I
was gained arrest improvement on TV
spots on Last Man Standing we do it for
less me not anymore important I like it
we'll be able to Susan from top of the
day falsifying half my head for a juicy
bacterium suspects you never like
somebody $10 it together we gonna get
you like so starving just that I was
gonna like secretly blog my hat but in
our calls a lot of fun let me know to
guising office you say yes I think I'm
like yeah but also maybe not for me will
be that's like me you know I have to
keep this cup of what the struggle since
I advise no one I have a Harry Potter
resistor that meters little coffee she
having my caramel macchiato well she's
so sweet of her
oh there you go now it's more focused so
cute right
and I went to sir said like when I drink
this where I'm not to know like that's
what you can say where you drink this
and then this is the journals and
getting she's holding them for me cuz at
all these days he went on a little
shopping spree this outfit OCD
oh yeah now we have the pole over TV
97-90 she's honestly love so hard to
walk in though because I don't want to
rip them I don't want to ruin my room
how many people going to ask you where
you got that top last time you had a
blip dude crop-top whenever for help
that one is higher than the other one I
know yeah that wasn't this was fire
those three people and that's my gift to
her for Christmas I think saline bag now
hers young surface two days in a row
with this one
Cali extra Cali so chain Andrew came
over last night and I didn't watch
anything but I suck at vlogging lately
but class breakfast now they're coming
back over next week so be sure to blog
that was really fun who celebrated no it
is all very true have these gifts that
were everything my sister loves and
sailor than my own thank you yes we were
like this is everything
Walter no maybe I'll show you guys later
but not exactly
little bitty ones now you actually can
really are a prospective owner anyways
we're both in our plum is wet because we
just gonna be bobbing this nice champion
in since mile except champion needs to
be bobbing back in the day to guys
remember that was like gross like poor
people were like champion now like
lucious wear it but I still love it
whatever and then my sister has a wild
boxer oh oh okay
