it's also out here yummy yummy food by
the president after interests and unlock
an issue is that my right name
I just want to drive where I get my hair
washed because I'm going to mind
anyone's watching us when we have the
phone so first world problem I could've
had anyone to wash my hair I'm just
really bad at washing washing over here
I hate washing my hair and actually
scratch that love washing my own here
hey drying it so I just drive Marbella
Hills real quick because I'm going over
to Joey and Daniels and we're having
like a pre a pre birthday like
celebration for Joey and then well my
mom's are always so delayed and then a
few days is high birthday party for Joey
Network orgies I want you so actually
this present everything say I don't walk
that was like sort of crazy week since
the drama guilty
this week I don't enjoy bar waiting here
simply supporters or some whatever to
give the realized bitch
but everybody who makes it to the
luncheon tomorrow someone keep those in
as well I'm going to like a kinda like a
chill thing at recording studio and
natalieandjoey person the cuticle since
then will he led me cousin Shane I don't
think he might Saturday so we're
celebrating here's one celebrate early
and the name by me enough I can us all
rejoice
I love during danielson watch oh I love
everybody obviously know how she had
crystals and I actually I did so much
thing you guys actually I don't know why
I didn't
well because I'm still turned it into
this vlogging thing I just probably good
for days off because you know the drum
of it all
Oh
and I have a lawsuit and mediation
yesterday we on why am I doing this
so yeah the radiation for six hours
yesterday which was not fun no
associated crystals that was creepy
usually the crystal gentle packaged up
so but I got a matching bracelet to this
line I got a crystals bracelet and this
is mine I got a matching one to this I
got like friendship crystals so we have
like matching ones and I have a bunch
other ones too crystals
I've been shopping commercials and my
descendant postman could be there but
then I got him like this is mine but I
got him like one just like this it's a
twelve point star which she said was
like really powerful and it is a quartz
crystal known as the master crystal
application of intention so it enhances
all the other crystals around and it's
like really powerful I said it's quite
dry stuff is my deposition stuff over
there so November what actually matches
we see sweet pea quilted Chanel
cheep-cheep-cheep what I'm going to give
a Jamba Juice but you have been a crazy
week since the time of my birthday I
just been dealing with so much stuff and
then I had a lawsuit not this lawsuit
different lawsuit have been dealing with
and then just kind of recouping I need
her to more I have another music video
coming up in three weeks is not a dance
line so it's not as like intense its
intense
videos the scenes and stuff and I just
need like a break but I have a lot to
get done before the end of July you'll
find out why I just have so much about a
- I'm just trying to squeeze it all in
and I feel a little overwhelmed and I
have a big three huge new product coming
like and it's just a lot but it's good
because I think the alternative and
that's not doing anything but do you
need like yeah we're actually not doing
anything and not worrying about stuff
like I happen this week's them anyways I
better get going because I don't want to
be late but
new projector I'm gonna get actors and
craving itself rocks burn down Jesus and
when Joey hey guys so I have not blogged
for the past two or three days the last
time I saw you I was going on my way
over to Joey and Daniel for a little
handheld it was super fun my name is
love was just lighting us to them mmm
ooh they're very um anyone's love there
was a lot a lot of fun
we just flips i watch to talk about like
there was just so much regime was six of
us that was like oh no Ted so much about
and then we watched YouTube and ate food
and it was really really fun and I won
lovely chicken fingers from Jerry's deli
which is what I used the wrong way so
maybe I just kind of based on a parallel
so anyways we're going to a surprise
party right now for Joey and I'm all
excited I've had such a stressful week
innocence America what was your social
on my makeup I don't just a week but I
am excited on features I interpret a
strip club after the mural in Joey's and
shading around a lot homes or discipline
second was everything that is locked up
right now yeah
take one far as well by Oh Joyce and
what sound for careful scallops and
camera Oh to be completely well cat pop
I'm Network your necklaces this was from
my engineer hi Mae and this is my music
director did we get director Andrew
I'm going to fighting I'm excited I
Republican weird patient falls in their
boots drugs go snap out of it I say
everything that between not about hey
guys I am welcome to get undressed
okay so I have to leave my hair wide
approximately here
I'm gonna leave my harem I say suckled
all kind of it touch my lashes but
whatever these are my friendship
bracelet this was a jelly innocence of
Daniel welcome so much and then we
necklaces elevate I was worried there's
a man on top Samantha that's where I
shave all the time there's always like
stubble I hate it I really really really
want to get damaging them know the pain
the cost we're recommendations because I
don't my go viral for all places and
rarely just like find something on Yelp
and yes we're now ends up children some
henna artists but I love to worry with
meaning and I wear jewelry is normally
has a meaning to it and lately my
friends have been getting maggiore which
is super cool because come let me guess
purchase to fall output and this punches
are you more meaningful to me as a
Tiffany suppose it's like so beautiful
very beautiful left is give me live so
talking to the stupid on my head I'm
talking to immune and you're blessed one
sec
Savannah who does my hair on occasion to
do it a lot lately
um like make sure you brush out and I
ask the reference sleep would do in
because I do just have the clippings in
I am gonna get repeat them stuff that
I'm weeding so I'm getting my lips done
Botox and tape is back I'm waiting for
my big surprise and big reveal which is
coming like right at the beginning of
August it's going to comes with a lot
200 I think what expect and so I got a
look you don't want to like do my teeth
I mean sit back for that exam I'll be
really not like so sketchy right now but
right well keep them so there does a lot
less meat and actually I know it seems
we are but like seeing a botanicals min
and usually I wear my hair like I said
up the sheets are trying to spray them
to the side and I'm about to keep the
curls in tack
I kind of make the most sense I'm gonna
just break these and not very pleased
with your clip is I I do I only do it
like one night max usually I kind of
have something money a little to keep
you in for and not good but then again I
think like whole peoples are not put on
your hair either because they're like
constantly pulling so so here's just oh
my most big that's like surprises like
oh my god mmm looks like um I really
just hope top of my head but they're not
are they really bad boom I don't know
makeup today some you know what you guys
are low that's the things and would like
not do it for me like why do I look so
bad day and
but anyhow I'm in terrible what water
that would say I'm gonna do something
and don't blog anything I'm going to
your place right now just in my life
like this weird I was a block where am I
feeling good and happy you know that was
on like moving channel I have all I'm
like that and practice sometimes like
what I've been depressed I don't like to
block someone and have my dad or you
know down energy out there cry know
especially I feel like with my videos I
get this a lot better I feel your energy
through it and I love that because
usually I have a lot of lovin I mean I
always have like love cubes and I want
to like to the energy off but there are
times even I can't get out of the fog
and I'm coming really hard and I just
don't want no reason and so you know
what I mean like wow I'm dizzy and a
green productive you know dancing or
preparing for music video or a shower
you know something to look forward to I
feel like that's my thrive and I'm like
really happy but I mentioned this
briefly is like main channel enjoy today
because if I forgot it because I'm some
sugar does about but this guy I'm really
really like nice and being helpful
people I'm even suffocating I do
disabled people to its Dixon you know I
got some people multiple times or
whatever to some Irish so our connection
was so great texting and you know no
matter what nobody had good connection
and I checked some the other day about
some things I give this base you talk
like a week at give me the space when I
texted is a binged I thought pre-major
in his life
Monica responds like blown off by him
which really sucks because of all people
ideas he's the one that I've got
butterflies it's very hard to get but if
I did know that I got verifies with my
three ex-boyfriends
they can rely on each other song and
every time
if I would test me I got barflies which
doesn't happen but Oh
I honestly for a minute I feel like a
single name I honestly thought I was
investing on the phone when I wouldn't
have be so crazy weird I'm so pretty
it's fine I mean it just makes me really
sad cuz oh my god
hi eyelash just like casual in there I
just up he was awful one I don't know if
you guys remember that I said he had
mentioned something like he doesn't know
if he can like not be seen appellate
cookie what it involves me but like then
I kind of told me there might be other
running part situation I'd rather have a
girlfriend is really the kind of - I
doubt it that was obscure I really don't
get that feeling at all
Roger I don't what kind of feeling but I
recently pictures these was hurting
Brandon its offense because again just
like in my opposite we're really
opposite as far as what we put out there
into the world but I just had such a
good response item I know that before
where I thought something was going to
be absolutely something and then it just
falls flat really fast I know I I used
so many piping and it's such the messy
look awful I was like match the eyelash
customer awesome she lies I'm going to
get cozy in my bed I'm so fed sure she
the posters I was talking about my Taco
Bell was Mattel something I hung around
I was home poster sorry if you just saw
my armpit I have these you know like
these new like planet like a lot of
resistance kept going
I like multi for Christmas life I love
Christmas lights so much eight books
would be armpit ready on here to shut
the free off scary because he cut myself
um but yeah these are the posters which
there's a naked picture of me so you
have to make a picture of me so I can't
really show up but I panicked the disco
Elvis oh my god Sheeran Game of Thrones
Donny Osmond do not make my bed at all
so anyways voices naked picture me WOM
so I am going to go to bed I don't want
to borrow actually look like this tree
my forever lighting anyways I'm going to
bed alone which will be forever I will
be alone forever
no which was probably she won the world
I will have someone trap a good ass one
now why do I look really pretty in this
light am I on drugs for my drama still
why do I look so pretty
why doesn't anyone want me is the better
question
hmm just play 5,000 answers and why but
I will good cash I'm a good fucking
catch putting that that I'm a good fine
catch someone's going to want me okay
guys I'm going about I hang on guys
just looking beautiful Edward no for
real I hope you guys liked this video I
don't know what I've logged in the past
four days like nothing I got sup I was
involved tomorrow so we'll be something
there I love the guys I'll see you guys
soon here my kissies Reynold a fishy
