so I just left
follow me the buyers can see I can't
always be on fire I'm hard to right in
front it's pink it's beautiful and they
hooked up my hair
I needed to Magnificat for my birthday
party and also for the interpersonal
they need to whip some hair around like
feel how it is going to feel obviously I
know how it feels or just to practice
with it so the magnifica is the longest
one of my favorites to the 24-inch
I have a full plant in my head it's
amazing I wear each one if you guys want
to get hair in LA quick felony Beauty
bar is on Robertson and yeah or if you
just want a pond line you can use a
coupon code Trish for five dollars off
it might work in this one if you tell
them like hey odds of code Church they
might give you the discount or Rachel
red line I don't know
yeah love's on the hands like little
going here I use I love it actually so
much like I'm obsessed like it's got no
money on it multiple times if I know I
can't get one moment you know what I was
buy my own but I love it so much number
eight dance with on personally she's hit
me and then my shirt is my chicken
fingers and lipo this yellow highlighter
highlighter yellow color is like
exclusive the sick ones in pink that I
wore in crops like this which sold out
like in week so is you want this I'll
link it below get it back so they
thought
Oh
Oh
Oh
yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
ah
Oh
oh well
yeah
hi blogging channel if you watched my
move on you know ways like lost chicken
like drop chicken and make me have it up
okay what I dropped again my little
pieces of chicken can be several are
small the whole entire sandwich itself
FML that's how does a is going like why
does this happen to me in the old days
when I'm running late today what a mess
just shake your floor mat out and whole
thing what I did by condition with
whatever I'm going to go little film
session with you two fingers in my first
shirt you know the answer has a little
salad whistle Jeremy is not painted
between a social and what you're out of
it I'm not a thing honestly just nothing
I I don't know I just with maple doesn't
agree with me always with our friends my
rehearsal today center stage last one
before I was close time rehearsals
dresser and what's Monday called
okay so we gotta get listed is your
ground expect the shade
Oh
Oh
hi how do you get apples off of me oh
not answerable of him I reckon it's baby
I have to rest
I'm Aaron this will need a beat thank
you ya know every song I believe you all
out there will be a big reason why and
admit
I would have bet with Donald laughing
you see what it's my birthday my
performance emptying all this machine
those articles over dinner
my machine about one
I'll get anywhere baby Pokemon will do
without twice today
dancing without Oh Aaron stay just turn
it
they ate way too much data okay I'm in
the gym meditation
Saturday I turn around what what Yemeni
Eric is known here has research so now
we're
you're into Japanese I objective emits
200 since we started again
Giovanni crunch on the new apartment
smell
I'm officially shut down the gem closing
time so I can get to I'm full-time 51
minute wellhow calorie surplus to choose
a date specific detail but I was that
person in the morning oh great read
hey guys I have been acting vlogs the
past like day especially does a lot
quicker on my new MacBook I can like
edit blogs new processes in like 15
minutes my old computer would take like
hours across this one video it's like
crazy so but anyways I was like vlogging
and see the possibly end it feels it
does feel weird and I hate watching
vlogs hair down so quick
so whatever girl does that girls need
hair to be a girl um my dress stuck with
my clothes oh I should end blog um it's
Saturday night and I went to the gym and
I have like you know Jeremy asked her
what about for drinks and stuff and um I
just can't because you know I'm
obviously waiting for my birthday and I
want the rest like him granted I you
like put Donald into slippe but I just
wanted to a movie to search any reasons
why I have me triggered I guess you
could say not a bad way but triggered
you know life gets better as you get
older you become more comfortable with
who you are but life is always going to
have ups and downs and I experienced
very high high and very low lows my blog
guys I really need to finish this that I
well but just now life is worth living
there's a purpose for you being here
there's a purpose for us being here on
this world in general what that purpose
is we don't we don't know what happens
after death is unknown to every single
person every single person living no one
knows what happens after death and there
is a purpose that we're here I I have to
say this like a fact I don't think that
even a bleep there's a purpose while
we're here
there's no way this universities here
and people are alive and dead alive and
that there's so much more that we don't
know I don't know what that is I believe
in God I believe in heaven
but we're here for a reason we're here
for a purpose and I get sad if I'm not
when I'm not working and dancing and
doing all the stuff I am already
foreseeing the future after my birthday
that I will not be stabbed but I'm going
to be like what's next thing I always
ready playing a new music video because
I just I want to be creating and be
around people that are creative it just
makes me feel good and like releases
something in me and it's good and bad
because it's like I'm not happy just
being alone with myself I guess you know
they don't have a traditional job to go
to so it's not like I'm like exhausted
at the end of the day like if I didn't
create my videos or music and stuff like
that I would just be like laying around
and it's like I can't do that either so
I am some really exciting things coming
up this summer really really crazy big
exciting things and I'm looking forward
to all of it I just in the meantime I
need to occupy my time because there are
nights like this worth like Saturday
night and I'm feeling all alone and it
is my choice some people have asked
meaning out and I just I need to be
alone with the thought sometimes they
think that's really important that we
all do that so anyways my vlogging
cameras flashing at me is annoying me
but I had open packages and I haven't
watched you on my computer tonight so
I'm
to call it a night one out of these
vlogs I love you guys so much thanks for
watching these vlogs and just remember
life will always get better it'll go
down again - but like life is worth
living and there's a greater purpose
than all of us for why we're here on
this world but also there the purpose
for you being here
maybe that is to help somebody of you
know teach lessons learn lessons
evolve the world there's a reason you're
here so and I believe that by myself -
so you just gotta keep believing that
because it's truth and um usually are
special to me
like if nothing else no you changed my
life even just by watching this video
you've changed my life and and I love
you for that I hope I can I don't know
changers in some way I don't know what
that is maybe you needed to share these
words sometimes some people post on
Instagram something that gets like three
likes just like a little like saying
your phrase and it's something that I
really needed to hear that day so never
hurts should share your thoughts thank
you good luck guys and if you get next
video camera kiss you gonna rapid it
down my channel mmm
