I'll pray always that they're ready to
go for another day of errands I'm Seth
help remove Dietrich upset I always show
these and I always help before their ad
so I'm sorry think is annoying what
people keep asking on my Instagram and
stuff never on the L line I don't get
paid to talk water my pH believe myself
I did use my own code Trish for 10% off
and they are pricey but they're really
cute and I wear them all the time so
anyway also not sponsored by carrots
today
hashtag sponsored I'm painting me go to
those is my snack for today to get me
through to tonight remember yesterday I
was starving so so there's going to chop
to have carrot in there Sam just gonna
be there at Tina's that's my diet tips
yes I'm coming Bella I'm sorry I'm going
to go get my hair done I know I just got
done you're like oh the returning the
vets honestly like I would be so fine
with these roots but my birthday's
coming up and I just want to have like
fresh fruits so got my Abercrombie my
place is getting cleaned today right in
store dance right after um my hair I'm
going to go to the Adidas store real
quick and see what they got there for
new stuff and then my rehearsal with my
boy dancers today I'll rehearsing
together but I'm going to see the end of
their rehearsals to see like what
they're doing then I'm gonna have a
private one with Sonny and then tomorrow
so myself tomorrow and Saturday we are
doing full-day rehearsals with everyone
so it's a lot lot more flips nice I've
never done live show
there's no you no second chances with a
live show right I mean it's just a live
show more like my friends and stuff like
from right birthday so it's just gonna
be fun and like no pressure but I wanna
do these for you guys eventually that's
kind of why we're doing these practice
runs and stuff to see if I enjoy it and
to see if it's good enough for you guys
and you all that stuff so um so we're
trying out just refined remember--this
I'm not like too stressed about it but
with everything I want to do I just
wanted really really good so I'll say
that my spray Dena shaped by as well
feels like I'm almost in your camp I
just need to block with her it'll
paralyze the dinner where she's like
when I'm really good friend she's having
a good party planning
um she's hammering out for the year
she's amazing it's about I take on my
term Isabella Lisa on your term as well
like this little wide set is a Lisa
external um you guys wanna know I'll let
me know and I will white tiger or so
sound what's going on there alright guys
tomatillos
in my Alexandra Queen Bey I have this
bag forever this is the one I returned
and then I got again I don't know why I
said it I may keep it I like it
so we are off and I'm late as always so
we got my color done it looks amazing on
always and I got my hand come you fish a
cubic structure and abercrombie fitch
this is kind of like old-school aspera
like 90s - which I know people would be
like um like around here like SLUSA best
that I was just some kind of a jerk and
you go out score fun like there was a
cute of an outfit on but like it's kind
of cute I've been any like mad
compliments but you miss hair
this is 90s look you know this will
import something like carrots in them or
so that might need more than I can't
wait so quit using gorgeous and wear a
diet like you're just so pretty or
anything there's with Cara's yes and
they was like substantial like it makes
me fall so anyways my color we're in
over the idea store I got a call a bunch
of places for tomorrow appointments and
stuff book and then
oh right I look at your invoice so much
up some okay last I watched a hair salon
at Kimbo I had a meltdown
I didn't blog about it you guys like
meltdowns are all very common thing for
me and I have learned to not have to
blog every time I have a meltdown I
bought a lot I was doing at home but I
had like a very serious meltdown my
panic attacks / meltdown last time so I
love this time was very positive vibe
which is good because it's always always
paused on me by the way - that's what
seen with this vlog what if I did titled
is vlog carrots no we would watch it
that's what I would see happen but I
love carrots so I keep telling me as
well Aragon is all bad there's no
calories in no no this is the clock
baguette arms go starts brush even
shelves pasta to even jump whatever
here's our goodies only as Marcus blowed
up sucking the juice out and smacking
crunching hey guys my interests and
when Tanya carrot is my favorite diet
food I'm Tilly I'm a beaut
how are you so serious
we get to like the raw power not for
anything use the mama in terms reply
like are those cooked like I didn't cook
carrots I like okay I didn't know you do
carrots oh yeah and warm carrots
these are kind of warm up I pulled out
the fridge
stammering I'm coming bitch like that
goes on Instagram right
I'm always referring to I'm sorry cuz
that's kind like a live blog is when I
record from a day I was like I did a
video about that problem is a case that
people cuz they're feuding they're like
they don't want to wear the clothes drop
club size bitch in your clothes right
now earth should ask you
I said I'm answering - I'm like like all
my ex-boyfriends is cheated and lied to
me
you just can't quote a good thing so why
do you go back and do another Q and I
probably said yes they betrayed me but
they made about people what nice SQ i
never my 90's and I couldn't afford a
plumbing bitch coming knowledge amber
was like we're going shopping on Melrose
and I was at Melrose so we it still
considerably cooler regime finally
coming here one because it's like
Tennessee me into or see and and all the
stuff from exile anyways clearly I shop
to the mall and they said would indeed a
store as long as I'm here but no trashy
scene with Hollywood I like whatever I
learn at school it's like fun to look at
stuff it cool
Kuipers real time making like real
Kyoshi cookie really in and still not
being for them jail give you the store I
do this liquidate babe I was wearing at
yesterday but I love Adina was opening
for schools in different cities like
walking out
so for Q it's a white book bag hello
space backpack so cute
so this is what I came for
so Saturday are like type rehearsal
stuff is like big like rehearsal like
studio staging and so me and study are
going to be matching in right away
adidas outfits we have Matthew Yee
disease and I'd like a red outfit with
white striping he's like why alcohol
rest I was supposed to have hatched but
he bought this with way look I need that
what makes use of a shitty matching and
he's like I gotta go get it for our
photo shoot oh I got it
and there are we insane we here we
remember that girl doing purging filming
herself on a shitty-ass camera okay I
can't get this dirty the white back
added the Joker icon so much so a nice
might seem backpack okay this doesn't
get stolen I never keep anything nice in
my car but yeah well is a hundred bucks
right but really 150 so I guess I got it
you ready yeah take that's it girl take
that's it
it's been a minute River look at what he
let me borrow this is like true rusty
gold right here these are we like dancer
style
I know do I look like a dancer oh my god
like you just finish Ettore like we said
we should get some clean up oh you know
Beyonce Brittany Britt Britt no I wasn't
yeah Brittany yes Beyonce now we just
dancing we're doing day to day two of
our live show that's perform of Janice
and Jen why I was ready dancers people
you know what he said I'm getting this
on camera he sent you a dance in a music
video with me so everyone has to hold
him to that even diem so I know he loves
ozium mdme and 390 ppm for small and
also don't mention anything crazy teddy
is my little french fry my a little
sweet sadness 12 years old I will do
everything to get in tune yes that's
what we do why you're so predictable
about myself calm crowd love being on
your garlic I love this it says stuff
racism on the back I am like where did
you get this oh at the Trading Post
right
I want this plan also whoever made us
can you please send me one thank you
