oh I did such a dumb dumb thing I
literally just kinda collapse like why
me I dropped my camera
I lost my camera three thousand boating
vlogs what happened now right and you'll
see this like a bunch of why I've gone
up day after day after day but I had
like a week break there because I kept
losing my camera finding my camera so I
had like vlogging up I don't even know
what this box would be like I kept
finding it losing it finding it losing
it and yeah I found me and they lost it
again last night like okay I'm gonna
tell you have story time real quick
after this so two things one if this is
blurry like visually for you guys like
I'm singing correct strings I got this
it's visually voice you guys let me now
and two if it is a what new vlogging
camera shy could have been doing or
getting a handle on camera ain't
learning new cameras and you'll notice
um okay so let me know the comments low
those two things also um yeah no mystery
little sexing so yeah I ended up my
purse I fell over in the backseat
yesterday and like I totally didn't even
think my camera worked fall out I want
to go open that door and I just like
came out look away if I'm a camera have
been your life's all so far um but yeah
I wanted to block last night especially
I've been doing so much this weekend
like I keep like ice excuse me there's a
crack so I know you're like can't see it
but I see it it's like peanuts okay
alright knowing um alright so yeah so
there's been a lot of exciting things
I've been doing but why so this is the
sex story if this is going to be
probably a lot and graphic and TMI so if
you're not into this you don't want to
hear it looks sometimes I don't when I'm
not getting late I don't hear other
people get laid and like I'm like eh oh
don't tell me I'm like I'm over sex sex
is gross like when I'm not getting like
it is I'm like up so I'm getting you
guys fair warning if you don't hear
about sex or good sex and um then you
can quit watching bio sex obviously xx I
do it always do say like even sex like
pizza even with that so that yeah it is
you get that satisfaction you get you
know that closer it's good it's whatever
and kinda how much I play husband's
gonna go whatever I've had some amazing
sex like one off and so like I had
amazing sex with this one couple they
were amazing so again last night like
probably them as far as best sex like
top three maybe the best I mean it felt
so good but it's been you know the other
good sexes were like few and far between
so
it was top it was up there it was sexy
it was with someone who is normally like
not someone I think I would connect with
like I don't think normally I would go
for him you'd go for me but it worked so
grateful for me anyways I think was good
for him um it was so good like I just
gushed till just into might just like
gush like was glowing it should I Kalani
I say I glow is usually kept her have
sex I'm always like in a good mood right
but I was like whoa like Lala's you say
my hair was looking good my face
everything I just was feeling good and
it was amazing it's like all I keep
thinking about all day like it was
actually the best thing but I'd read it
I'm like when he pounds you to heart or
something like that you guys like it was
so hard and rough which I love well I
told my love's about was that I did what
my guys talk about heart and breath like
bleeding still so into my period two
days before that and I was cleaning was
going around embarrassed because there's
like our first time were ever together
and he was like oh cool that was cool
like it happens whatever and oh my gosh
okay so he's like really cool with it
and young the most young guys aren't
cold that and as I'm so sorry so we're
like with that I don't even know um but
today even like it was so sore this
morning and I went to go the bathroom
why Gentiles when they were on so I was
like it really knows anything but I had
underwear I put some underwear on today
and I went to bathroom well I went to
dinner was my friend Jeremy day which I
should involve a about either Chrisman
camera I came back to the restroom and I
had like that like it almost looks like
you know your last day of period blah
but my period and now three and a half
days ago so I was like he's like work me
a new one where I'm like still believing
like it was in 10th I don't know if you
believe me in our name to follow
metamaterial something or like I was I'm
appearing at home I was like no like
seriously ended like two days ago like
I'm so confused like just rips me apart
like you said he would love to say they
were into an amazing like amazing like I
don't even know what to say there was
everything like huh cuz when you get
attached to someone when that dick to
bomb I know this thing but I've been
cool I've been not trying to be is he
texted me after and stuff but I just
like I'm so follow Michael help on it I
want to keep whatever that is going cuz
it felt amazing I look great
like I'm in like a maternity ward like I
just had a baby look I'm a mom I'm
really comfortable but I'm going to edit
vlog and I feel like there was no proper
ending to any of these blogs as you can
sure this must be all one of all I have
no idea so I'm going to end this here
hopefully I can get back on my blogging
this camera is not completely ruined I
have such a busy week a next week I have
been just eating and eating and not
exercising at all this week and I
actually feel like really like shit just
because like I'm not I'm used to dancing
and something doing that or going to the
gym or eating good I like I've been
eating just bad every single meal sup
next we kind of went at sexing bomb and
thank God April but I'm go see this will
hopefully be in May like April has been
the craziest month like I've been
falling out and having fights with
people that I never fight with in my
life like I don't understand
April has been a weird-ass month and I'm
so happy it's over I know there's like a
mercury in retrograde atom and whatever
stuff that I hope it's over man it's a
birthday month um birthdays what are we
like a few days away by the enemies use
in short and have my life format I got
put together this whole show and week so
wish me luck on that
but I'm super excited and I'm going to
edit these vlogs for you guys that's my
night and it could be little night
amidst all these pillows hi Trish and
I'll go soon and hear what Kitty's for
my little much better English of my life
this little animation armpit only a lot
Charles's never I love office let me out
I really want to get done I heard was
painful I'm gonna look that up right now
alright guys I love you here in kiss
he's probably fishies mmm-ah bye guys oh
wait did she like I was like did not
wait goodbye
