predictable consumption talk casually
just jamming out to my own music that's
point of making music second jam out to
the music I like which I'm obsessed that
song my next single is officially going
to be won't leave our singles freaky
which is not even yet but my second
singles which is going to be silence
followed by the third single which will
be self control so those three will be
out this summer and then I'm going on a
bit of a hiatus but will just want that
another time we'll just alone rely a
little bit of music hiatus maybe a
little review divide us all good stuff
trust me I wanted to believe in just
shell and drummer life as we all know I
don't enjoy the life this isn't taking
there's so much traffic so yeah today I
am going to go have lunch it's all my
camera there's a good dirt spot but I
keep seeing it on me where lunch tray
with stylehaul my multi-channel network
my MCN my youtube management I'm excited
because I'm always usable and they're
really great in you know I always have
such brilliant ideas I want to talk
about with people and bounce off and see
what we can get done
yeah last night I actually went out with
Sergio and I totally grabbed my vlogging
camera which is hyper about the whole
drunk with this person I'd known for 10
years
you literally ten years we knew each
other from my own but yeah and then
after I only know where he left off on
the vlog after pres the enemy I've
watered the road I went to grow into
Trevor and we're on my ran it yeah maybe
crazy and then right after him was Joey
Graceffa I sprinted to another one's
VidCon right now oh hi Joey
a little GMOs become more does this
Daniels all but I got to see my sexy Joe
I was like I mean youtuber just parade
over there at the Grove which is crazy
there was a Grove all to him I never
seen who I know so look that was really
weird of youtuber meet up using a for my
Instagram stories not following a
treatise I hit 1.1 million I think I'm
gonna sit on the blog already I had it
welcome to Bella Rose next I was like
really exciting because I really don't
care about my Instagram I remember once
like promote it well I have employee now
that I've been doing Instagram searches
I still snap but not much they do the
Instagram story does let me touch your
penis
we had the 1.1 million men a lot because
I was literally at 1 million I was like
one em for like a I don't know six
months maybe so when I get that 1.1 I
was I got looking more real more legit
so I have any legally want Elwood's
outfit on today you can check that on
when your immaturity look at OCD and the
top is beautiful I'll show you guys in a
second but the top is gorgeous with
Japan amine sequence butterfly made by
my guy Mike who's amazing so I'm gonna
got a new product I'm rocking today but
she wanted me upon new purchase an older
person you know I've been cleaning out
my room and I saw that not like yet
alright guys well I won't keep you but
you know some chicken fingers and lipo
in the car you guys do the same
number see you with your I enrolled like
Alabama same way okay think I got it
Letta cares about me with my now who you
are by the saying the shame
can we army
I was on a mistake it really has
Oh
Oh
