okay I am like loving having my lab so I
was like I'm naked I'm not have to I
have a which is just called to top on I
love tube tops I got from Urban
Outfitters what everybody wants to know
it's so funny people ease to make fun of
my like tacky um like 2009 TV style and
now they love it but I have loved having
this computer in my bedroom I brought it
up originally when I got obviously the
liposuction and my butt lifts and stuff
accidents numbers by downstairs that was
her either you know like on a desk or a
table or like a plate on the couch and
so I brought us here when I couldn't
really sit on my butt and secondly lay
back and forth but like honestly that
put me in this like really bad camera so
dirty it's like an attorney it's put me
in this like bad habit of just like
rolling and getting a device like I
haven't producted today and I thought
angel this morning's up and I've been
like doing shit let me get right that
can just bad i'll cozy and out of my
videos and watch you to that so much fun
and then when I watch you Tuesday just
like lay down and watch it I was editing
reaction is uploading the chicken
favorite eating show toxic soda I want
to get laseraway on my armpit soon done
laser time I decided to done and she
likes where is Raya I'm like nervous you
think I wouldn't be able to get my lips
injected I get a fucking libelous action
but I'm like I'm not being awake and do
whatever you want to me so I'm sorry but
anyway so yeah I mean is well tonight
for dinner I'm super excited into the
girls day I always wanted trying to make
time for friends and girlfriends
especially it's a girl date and I'm not
someone really cool off kinder lik I'm
really excited I'm not going to say who
because I'm like really that excited and
I think we just been talking a lot and
you just really cool that I'm not saying
like we're gonna get married and have
kids but I just really vibe with it and
like on paper makes no sense like a
price by kind of no but this is very
many hands like none but like on paper
learning essays were complete total
opposites but like we work we'd like
vibe which is really cool so anyways I'm
not gonna even talk about excite don't I
know like talking about shit ruin things
people speculate and I'm just like
really excited about this guy so I get a
little I get butterflies many types I'm
not gonna lie I did two butterflies so I
got a work by decide shake it miss out
clips
let it kill setup I know I'm not like a
genius for like working with bad bet
this is me my favorite thing to do in
bed seeing my favorite thing literally
is to be watching YouTube like I can be
having sex and I could be like you know
I'm just like go real quick and you know
what the latest story time is play this
drama thank you so nice so literally at
this restaurant they literally are like
get your camera now flash photography
this is as well for a time secure lots
of stuff is everything we're celebrating
tonight so that was ever so pretty
everyone's like I just like their dinner
I was like you got pretty rocks trees
courses oh oh my god that is very good
what you always change yeah so here
thank you
little stuff whatever stuff room
yeah we don't know I just like what the
queues day so yeah
look how big this pork is like this week
oh there you go look at this yeah I was
reading about okay there it is
hey by Arizona and onion
and we are just putting a little coffee
right here first 10 to minus 12 for
democracy is operating right now my
mouth will review my document specific
register a little cappuccino and a mini
little espresso for my mini little date
over there yummy my gosh guys this is
how we feel like growing up we would
make like tombstones and mac and cheese
remember this and then we would get like
everything we have Britney ever after
this is so much fun it's like Suzy night
we cleaned upstairs so cute if he helps
me with everything and we've never
cooked our little fees and this is this
how we grew up eating and I know you're
all going to be like oh my god I they're
not even real sisters yes my sister is
that way and I'm just way but we both
grew up eating like this and we still do
so just goes to show workout all right
Bo
right now we are we just got my custom
clothes and so we're playing dress-up
right now I got these like amazing
sleeves kind of everything my sister is
it's expensive to be me
ha ha ha so we're going to dress up so
what we do we're big kids that's gorge
on you think no that's actually really
pretty common
