oh my gosh you guys my album chicken
fingers in life oh oh hi but a chicken
here to Facebook um is oh my god why do
I keep trying to turn and there's like
always something there's like an making
me where my arm is right now uh Jamie I
was like will came out one hour ago and
we're are you number 29 on the pop chart
I am freaking out angel crow yo
something clean today cuz I didn't know
my album was going to be out today and
I'm also like nah dress um but show you
guys I got to show you this number 29 on
the pop charts like I am just like what
right now like what there it is
can you see number 29 on the pop charts
like what is like I look crazy I look
insane like I wanted to have like the
shirts and everything ready by the time
it like launched I just did the t-shirt
about now but I wanted to have it like
on my body which I just I need to get
means a wick on is going over here okay
what our hello oh I look crazy okay in
one hour look at this this is what we're
cleaning today this is just one of my
closet I don't know how I'm gonna be
able to function I'm just going to be
checking IDs all day okay I really need
to find some clothes but oh what a way
to start the morning
hey keep down get water with you
the nest is very tired oh my gosh so I
know my dad's there as well what do you
guys know blog we enjoy doctors my
dancers look the exact same so she's
never kind of help what's up with you
hmm not going on if you come to the down
firehouse it looks the exact same
because my maids come Wednesday and
they're really good at doing like the
downstairs stuff my upstairs we do it
while I'm so exhausted like I was on
routine at like 1:00 p.m. it's like
10:00 p.m. and Angeles laughs and he
just came running out for a minute but
they just left him we clean all of this
like I feel like you have not see
appear to those super bears that had
closed stop so high and like that angel
put Buddha nice and warm but you guys
this room was insane
that's my no pile of all the clothes I'm
getting rid of which the people clean my
house I thought I just pop my shitty
stuff on them actually like like the
stuff they're like cozy night and just
don't eat it but I asked people and I
hey old spring but no this room
completely covered the whole entire
floor with clothes and shoes and
everything a lot completely like cleaned
I mean it's awfully organized yet we
kinda just like hung out of stuff but it
looks really really long you guys so
cute and you put like one hot from the
legs and stuff shoes back there anyways
I want to do a full closet where I
probably won't do it until I'm actually
move out not for any other reason than
apply just won't finish I have so much
I'm always doing this room this room was
giving me so much anxiety though it
started as a glass pipe it's or as a
really cool project so when you break
out so um Oscar I got rid of something
for Jam oh no like oh shit no pajamas so
anyways okay let's give an iTunes update
you guys I'm so Clayton helpful things
but let me get down to bed and talk to
you guys especially not you roll the
camera I want to warm up my song like it
being extra sorry okay
it doesn't my me forget my next one
there
chicken fingers in light boat okay I'll
be careful too because there's like a
mega picture of me back here and I just
tell you don't see any guess that's
right here hello no judge are you guys
who so we are number nine I'm going to
bed number nine on the iTunes pop chart
I'm so excited
number nine young can you see in
sickness illness chicken fingers in life
over there number nine on the pop
I can't chart I am so excited like
that's really cool I think daddy issues
hint number four Bella I prepared for
daddy issues I did like a contest I have
my announcement video ready like I had
mercury I was like prepared because no
other prepared but 9 guys that's crazy
and I want to thank guys so much up so
quietly look I have no hair barely a um
it's so cool I'm so like excited like I
don't know I know it's not a lot some
people and I just like she's like
bragging about being number 9 on the pop
stars not even the overall charge but
for me to be on any charts it's like a
really big deal and such things that
it's all me doing this music and it's
more convenient it's promoting and oh
it's on my camera look what that has
this weird sweat I'm just glad which
means like it I really am I've been
cleaning all day but checking in on
Twitter and substitute cool just no to
that this is my form of expression like
self expression it's um people causing
shady it's actually just getting out
things you want to say and if someone
doesn't want to listen to you in your
life like it's healthy I think to write
them out or to sing them or to be
against them out so I love dance like
this really healthy expression of what
you're feeling what's best set up a lot
of times for me is a pent-up sexual
frustration you know you could have sex
and still very a lot of sexual
frustration because you're not releasing
and like the way you want and for me
dancing it helps me release a lot of
like you're always a sexual when you
dance you a special faces it just it's
not like a sexual thing for yet I want
you guys to think that it's just more
like the sick release of my I would say
sexiness not so much sex just I feel
sexy I feel like I can really release my
sexy and sometime you know sex you don't
always feel sexy it's like actually
doesn't even coincide with each other
for me personally um really sometimes I
do but you know to me is a different
kind of sexy so confidence from dancing
and and so it's with my songs you know I
mmm so much a sec basking badges pad um
I know people hey want to bring this up
I said you should because I feel like
some people thought I was being a lot
more shady than necessary with um
a certain somebody and a song and stuff
like that you know I have I tell us to
everybody even people who don't like him
I say I will love him forever and like
just as a person and the way he made me
feel about myself and because I didn't
get closure I have a lot of things left
unsaid or things that I feel and I just
got to deal with those feelings and to
be honest it feels really good and doing
warrior the first one it felt good to
get those like kind of vindictive boards
out and with this one it just felt good
just it get out the bitterness in me but
you know just it's good to get that out
I feel otherwise you're going to just
hold on to it and I have been holding on
to it I think that's why I guess shade
comes across in videos and on just feel
you know I said a piece on it you know I
felt I felt good and like having that
out and just like people getting how I
feel the message is out there to anyone
just a bit awesome just for myself like
another sounds like crazy and they grew
be like what the fuck are you talking
about bitch um but this has been true
for all my music I think because I never
really made people my life so public I
think before we're going to talk about
like friends when I was dating Roger
like when I would talk about no one knew
who he was most people thought I was
like making them up or something like
that until my like video you know gang
has ended
but before that I never said he was
never gave him so no one knew so it
wasn't it didn't feel as may be
vindictive or spiteful because you
didn't know the other person and I think
that's what you're like if you don't
know the other person I think it's
probably a lot better and um it's just
my way of dealing and um yeah I you ever
mean I'm like I just have a really
specific asset in moderating anyone AZ
wise I just smelled that I truly loved
everyone in my life and like I said this
in my expression in my way of getting
exact I think in a very healthy way I
think I me time someone needs to express
myself and write things out and I don't
know this is like my thing but at the
end of the day of
I am Irish love and success literally
for everybody even people I don't
necessarily care for or that have done
me wrong I like there are some people
even on issues that I like watch their
channels or you know their growth and
I'm like really happy for them like it's
weird it's a weird thing because like
old Trish would be like happy when
people aren't doing well but you know
watching people and I have it there are
so many times that I want to reach out
to people that I've had falling out
falling out with on YouTube
and I might help them and I just I don't
want to go down that hole of that
because I know how bad things ended with
like just just a general plethora of
people you guys may or may not know soup
on YouTube that I've had falling out
with that I just want something I want
to help them but then I don't want to
come across as like what's that
condescending look I don't want to do
that like here I like to listen to me I
can help you with your chant like I
never want to do that so just I'm always
conflicted with it I was gonna help
people and like I don't let my help and
but I like seeing everyone to goodness
bottom line I like seeing everybody do
good because I think I think this world
is big enough for everyone to be
successful in fact if everyone was
successful unhappy we probably have a
much better world people would just be
happy in content and not you know climb
to get each other I think you know I
don't think you have to claw other
people I think YouTube is a perfect
example of like the world kind of it's
like metaphor for the world like YouTube
is big because you like one YouTube when
you watch what you do or doesn't mean
you're you're taking views from another
youtuber or taking money from that
youtubers pocket like there's literally
enough and there's so many of you with
it I watch you and I want you and I want
you to solve youtubers you watch on a
daily basis I did the same just because
I love like trying to think of a food
sample i watch teams arm philip defranco
like me watching keemstar doesn't take
away my view from philip defranco it's
not taking money on Philip defranco's
pocket and maybe some people have
preference one idea that I like both and
so I watched Hakeem and I watched
Philips Franco and I think you can like
both I don't know if they're necessarily
competitors I guess I'm trying things
like another example um I don't know I
can't agree now but watch a lot of
people
my channel I have two channels you
subscribe to one channel doesn't mean
you're not gonna watch the other I mean
maybe you like one better than the other
but because I have two channels doesn't
mean it's good one right
and since I'm losing my life okay guys I
have a few emails oh my gosh and I hit
1.1 million on Instagram he was I'm
working I have a million on Instagram
may be back in like September of last
year and I can act it at one point once
anywhere like I was literally sitting on
cash news and I was like oh my god what
does it take why is it blurry
I was listening to my oh my god never at
one point 1 million I scrolled to
refresh ambitious at one point 1 million
follow me actually this one boy 1
million and I think it's cuz shame posts
the fixture he was at he had an iced
caramel macchiato and Enoch or Father's
hands like when you're at beta construct
or something and I'm so now when she was
prototype but like honestly other day so
detective I think that's at me over it
was this one of him I'm holding that and
says like yeah when you're actually like
maybe like a lot more and smile more
than anything I'm is like orz and then I
thought I got one point 1 million oh my
god oh my god that's the magic trick I
guess um no like I honestly like never
really care but I guess so funny because
I was stuck at 1 million I like but I
block a lot of people like just be
warned like if you say anything like
shit or even if you like other wasn't
always say I love you trash but your
games bad again like but no like you're
going to get blocked just as you said
you love me to it so I do love people
and if you say anything negative on me
and of course I was lucky why would I
want to leave out on my page it's weird
like why would anyone want lead paint on
their pages like you just block of well
that's definitely negative - yeah that's
what I would do in my real life so I
join his group anyway I'm blabbing I
love you guys and thank you for making
chicken fingers and lipo number 9 5 sl
like it's it's so cool to me and you
know the first day always speaks for me
but I'm so happy and like I said I wish
everyone joy and luck and happiness I
truly truly do including a certain mr. I
I've always wished him well and I wish
him happiness and hatless and life and
joy and
I love you and I'll see Gator may God
bless you and keep you and hammer his
for another species hi guys
