okay this is gonna sound bad cuz I'm a
membership this place but I'm being you
think this tanning place just hates me
so much and this eyelash is like just
hopping on and keeps bugging me and I'm
gonna sound like you're crazy literature
I haven't even started in this vlog
because this is from yesterday and today
and like I'm up I'm down up and down
seriously my life right now I'm an hour
early they have a 24-hour policy I'm an
hour early so I can't tan and I guess
their policy but know what it is I'm not
gonna get kicked down my membership they
see this it's fine I don't care I'm
really an honest frickin review they are
so snotty at this place I'm I thought
whatever Lee Hills I was at the one in
West Hollywood yesterday they are so
freakin snotty the way that you say sad
you know like I don't know you don't
even mean I don't know I'm a good person
I follow roles like I'm an hour early I
was like can I sign a waiver or
something to be like I'm fine let me go
in
I'm so annoying I guess I'm just gonna
get spray tan tomorrow and I have to
believe my mom's at home or my mom's
house early to get spray tan it's so
annoying
I just wanna be Dan okay guys I'm
getting the heck out of my light not
really my mom's I got the outskirts out
one of the beach cities spent the
weekend with my mom I need to I don't
know I feel like I'm losing my mind
don't do drugs kids that's the world
this story I also switched cars with
Ryland where's my seat belt I don't even
know
I switched cars with Ryland he hasn't a
PG we did we did the guys up I love
Ryland I love Ryland so much he's also
so sweet
oh he's gonna sit there for a second why
I'm not already buttoned up but him he
like just listens he's he's so different
than Shane and like and in a good way
like and it's not like in a bad or good
way just like so different I think that
can't even see me he's just such a
different um by but he's such a
different personality it was texted me
I'm telling you guys it's so funny Shane
literally does that because he texted me
a picture he said my uber picked us up
he won't mind I show this it's him and
Rylan in the g2 said I want this car
they need to get one I'm so funny I love
them Robin put me again Rylan so great
he's just such a like a he's silly I'm
not gonna there were a lot of like
they're really good listeners so just
he's just so calming and she was like
talking about my crazy should like more
the Ravens in the video about what I was
doing and he's just like I know yeah he
has great video ideas the video we did
on his channel he doesn't like
definitely go check it out like he is so
good with video ideas I don't know how
it's gonna turn out we were both kind of
nervous I say stuff all the time I guess
I'm off in trouble and usually I'm okay
with it because I'm the one that deals
with the repercussions but hopefully he
doesn't care hopefully he figures it out
sometimes I say something be shocking
and I forget that like EP anymore
everyone's triggered and everyone takes
things so seriously so hopefully it
turned out okay I don't know
right when I love you and I'm sorry that
you're friends with a lunatic me alright
I'm gonna go to eat cheesecake after my
mom and get out of LA cuz I'm over us so
hopefully maybe we can we'll pick up and
get better
place we um and I think it's a sign that
I should not be chanting maybe that's
how I should take it see how it goes
enjoy Thanks oh boy these look so good
this is not a diet database
what a dictum again
don't be like you don't know hearing but
you guys don't it's still back
my life
heart stickers I can make 14 again
like I should
to do that son
yeah you guys look at the Valentine's
Day section enough this all looks
terrible right now I'm so full but so
pretty
we're gonna cute things not Yeti
microphones for our podcast night mom
got power steamer for her Poshmark
duties right through them clothes now oh
my gosh mom all lined up and first of
all look at my mom's purse if you guys
think I'm living in 2000
this was probably 2002 this is honestly
cute often mom okay this is my ghetto
td4 you're in stuff okay
he's pretty cute and you guys gonna see
what I got from the Valentine's Day
section these are actually so cute this
says you put some the equal splitter and
then this was like a little picture
frame it says sequins and glitter Eagles
true love not that the target all for
now I just Instagram Ivanka a mic well
she look great for sleeping fine I take
my vitamins its first example it's if
you're sick I always take a couple weeks
ago I was like okay well that doesn't
mean take the nyquil now I was shot my
mom's like telling me this off camera my
mom what are you doing my camera no okay
well that makes it better what
be able to do this fill yourself with my
whole when you go in vitamin my medicine
mother run down to Helen Hunt beach
towel gorgeous my favorite stores on the
corner over there called Diane's but
this is like Stein right now
I love the tenor you always have to pick
bacon we bought the Doritos that I
opened up from the picture this battery
is gonna die tail hmm
my just Amazon one well we might die I
could do a half a garment and want to
grab the best thing that I'm sharing
with Trisha this is the bad guys we're
having battery issues that's why
everything is so short but I just Amazon
one me breakfast we're trying to watch
the Netflix but hey guys we're still
waiting for a new battery but we just
finished our first podcast how did you
think it went
what's all about sex okay now I'm worked
up there's our little phones it was fun
you guys are gonna have to go I can't
link it below anymore you'll find out my
Twitter Instagram so I was saying and
probably the last clip is like Amazon a
battery to be seen dead this is like I
don't know why this battery's not
working I don't think it's the right one
for my camera we're driving around and
you guys are gonna gonna die the
battery's gonna die not you personally
we're gonna get our nails done on Adult
II I'm really sad that I can't blog with
you guys waiting for a mom at the post
office this guy's like cool car is how
cute are these little tiny stairs with
carpeting it's so cute
yours better thank you
let's go sleep in her bed tonight he's
got the company's bed
super soon I'm gonna pin this flop
because I need to edit but I'm also
happy that was enough battery what is my
year we watched YouTube videos tonight
and now what if I would take his pants
off was it wearing all day but this my
mom was selling my stuff on question
mark and I found this shirt so I can't
go through my old George units I'm gonna
keep everything so my ex-boyfriend
Anthony Michael Hall shirt and I'm so
cute and so big at the time we need to
shock all right group enemies guys I
hope you enjoyed these crazy vlogs last
couple days have been a whirlwind so
happy because I could do my mama I got a
combo with her it's the happiest place
on earth
so see you guys in the morning and it's
lesson here because he's a little baby
fishies mmm
