location of the bar yeah thank you to
you all right guys
Shing breaking music video got my juicy
we're at the zucchini in Hollywood
Connors I don't know
angel socio oh my gosh
and this icon chat though hopefully
thing I was kind of scared at home kind
of do you can continue if we found a
Buddha this is a good start today like
we found a Buddha
we found an ad you know so we're gonna
have a great day I think so
grab my charcoal energy everything rub
our bellies for extra good luck and the
cookies and there's the boys angel on
study working love it they were over
hiking and I'm always working this is
everything this is a good start to the
day and now we gotta go get ready so
we'll see how the first record I just
had to explore yeah now my house we're
going to focus is like my house because
all mine right here and dual premiere
meet the sponsor of our video Adam and
Eve they're providing all the lingerie
all the masks and whips this is
something you get from their website and
you already know you keep my co-chairs
pretty proud but this is freaky so what
better fit and Adam and Eve when my
favorite part is warm surface videos now
we're doing final touches on glam first
look of the day hot first loop with your
first play of the day hot kind of
original hot or maybe she's doing thanks
so extra so much Oh kinky freaky
actually speak to be with ya ha
yeah
yes
later here we go roll camera trick
you're into it you know in it was her
back on the bed that was good on instead
yes I just bad bad
Kevin go ahead and cut up a little nicer
yeah so we're just doing this bed scene
right now it's all Adam Eve with the
program with some change are you
demonstrating an angel Bing are are you
going to use this for then I guess if
your tender
us - if your tender
okay like tickle tickle tickle my pickle
at the end of your rough oh okay wanna
move your bank oh that's like the gang I
wish I have a twin I'm going to I'm
going to move your bank River
yes all out of an Uzbek boys which I'm
super excited me to play with in our
music video and our money for whatever
reason we're whores in this video and
the Diamonds loggers my favorite but all
these maps references anyways about to
get I want to get dirty
Britney you wanted to oh hi hi okay I
mean hi get it get it okay oh yes know
you're ready for it yes getting it
always Andrew you want to do it go do a
little wet oh yeah that's a good CEO
video oh yeah doing it ready go ah
is 21 videos later you're whipping me
out of bed
there was a cat okay let's hurry up and
get back there we're trying to learn
before they start shooting again do not
be in the way star to be a third what
the start to be Oh meow ah
and at celebrity makeup artist ash came
home now I like the least ever
scientists all around yo you ever seem
to get a video to help any like yourself
yeah this looks like a crunchy it looks
like a raunchy Alice in Wonderland
I don't yeah important yeah yeah love
that virgin yeah
nobody came in so we always have fun on
set
elegant isn't this location everything
so and there's a tree of life not really
but you know like come on
booting yeah that booty
yeah
and then while the second verse is going
agrees that to use against again just we
don't understand report to the core oh
yeah
dancing second person yeah all right
yeah we're gonna do the whole thing the
first the first chorus and then after
which is this one now and after that
when we usually want right left like it
right before the ceremony again on the
next board exam II couldn't and then
we're caught in the moment like this
thing you can get yeah it was yeah you
don't have a reasonable fee out of them
alright guys let's do a real pictures up
yeah we go clarice both like one step on
your right one more
there you go and bless you like on the
music video right now to flip yep uh-huh
you're going to move AG's LICO little do
you worry about a way to put there's a
light at the end of a driveway boy
no it would be behind everybody
now we're going think you do they're
shooting all right blick move like this
way yet more this one mark yeah there
you go here huh yah on the one two three
one six eight here we go everybody
whack roll it Hey
but six seven go ha ha ha ha ha good oh
yes perfect
hey hey ha ha oh that's a daze ha ha
yeah thanks ah ha oh yeah yeah that's it
good what method yeah hey go wow
another there you go hey now where I'm
hello mrs. Eddie Trotta Lottie - I
cannot change because I'm a man with a
strong heart
one of the hardest yelling oh well
they're all really high they must be
good and muscles all over you have a
missile charge
mmm magic
seven go stop stop
ow yes hey whoa whoa stop
good girl ow yes
Oh down down hey good work get close
yeah yeah what the bench stupid stupid
everyone tell everyone
yeah everyone just dog house it I'm not
kidding this is my called it could land
in my normal culture and audience didn't
appreciate it like bar damn it yeah we
appreciate every just hold on what we
want more always hello hi hi
like a blogger named Emma come on guys
I'm not a that's a good thing
so instead I'll be one under - over here
okay we're talking all three right here
okay I know you know I'm here bunted
goose number four and more in second bit
or for got your jet set I need people to
remember them because to be a little
different for all thank here okay
we got this magic show starting about to
go in my boomerang I think I mean that
boomerang has I mean you were going
outside
I mean Oh while boomerang am ready what
are we doing I'm like record it
somewhere do a good fit though yeah
thank you
here we go Oh camera set
Oh Harold around hey guys give me a
little smile ladies go on in
turn around with that going to are going
to work going to righties well yes great
yeah you go great what kind of ladies
for sure trips you can go change and
change for your camera thank you don't
you look one more feature so we have
literally like less than a half hour
shoot everything and answered to dreamy
and literally two minutes would be
assistant of asking home holding the
cookie living what we got tried with
real quick fuck you hi you got a melon
ready over the schemas before anybody
was ready for that okay that weirdest
challenge is that why you're so crazy
keep dancing here you got a Polly
walking over shall everybody cow so I'm
back stories always in my videos always
number three thank you
I know I was the first one I would say
okay don't forget me don't forget me
don't forget me show time you had a good
with a look at our camera hope what was
it is love no always down always having
to chat is that you're the only one that
ever like comes back and I'm like back
for you live GCM well no let's talk
about this in Atlanta
Oh magician or want our magician do his
tricks did you mess up yeah I am a trick
baby that's an actual disease ever
actual magician over answer that's the
real blood that's the flatfoot
so all of our building yeah
we want to be really mean I'm seeing as
I'm only blogging hair other thing oh I
realized oh my god
haha makeup covered so much at all my
breakouts yesterday I look greasy Alex
showed me an extra face I'm going to
have my little altitude this morning I
feel I have somebody walks out anyways I
just posted the last vlog I had edited
which was from my last week and I'm
pretty good at keeping up my blogs and
then a season so while I know it's an
addictive apple juice rep another banana
has sugar less adult problems to miss
dryly dancing huh so otherwise I'm going
to edit yesterday's loves which is the
video so I'm going to try an end because
I never properly ended a vlog really
want this juice and well-being in but
yesterday it was such a good day
and I suddenly know when I got home
because you know I was like starving I
was like you know what Michael do an
eating show I wanted to really binge and
yeah I don't really tend to walk so
yesterday was beyond amazing oh my
goodness gracious like it just was fun
it was sexy everyone was happy to be
there I I feel so blessed like each
music video not only gets better and
better but the people are like just so
sweet and kind and like humble and I
just it was amazing it was amazing
experience all the girl dancers for oh
my god is amazing and sweet and I'm like
why Hannah against girls before like I a
like had such good energy and just like
there was so much power like female
power and I was like this is everything
I love dancing my boys to of course
because you know they're all sexy for
these girls I mean they just the way
they know their body that was truly
inspiring for me personally steady of
course Bliss was amazing my director of
course like I feel like it's like an
Oscar thing but I really do angel and
ash to or literally write or die with me
there I there with me the whole day from
like start of glammed and and you know
they're just amazing and it was just a
really good experience I also have to
give a huge shout out
this video is not sponsored by Avenue
but they're sponsoring this music video
which is really cool it's the first
month I've had for a music video and
I've never taken on a sponsor for a
musically I want I want to explain a
second actually proposed this to them
because you know they sponsor of my you
know main channel videos and they've
continued to and they're awesome and we
have that great relationship and I just
never really haven't taken my
sponsorship money and put it towards the
music video but never wanted a music
video sponsor because I think it can
sheep in a music video I love my music
videos and take it really seriously but
this was such a good fit so we had to
song the concept everything and in a
week perform since the juice a week
before you know I posted my own a MIDI
video and as a cave you guys when I like
work together on this video like collab
and they sent us all the whips to change
all the laundry for the dancers looked
hot and it was really really cool I have
to give a huge shout out to them um us
has shopped the lingerie you can shop
all the whips and chains and all the fun
little toys in the video that were
actually really fun it was really cool
think it's like you said in the videos
and stuff like that um you can get those
at adamandeve.com nice Nicotra shortly
2% off and like I said this video itself
is not sponsored like I just am really
appreciative of them and I hope you
liked the video and like Adam Eve is
very very cool like I live for their
stuff I use their their stuff I love
just sexy things like that so it was
kind of my dream like a dream
collaboration for me and like I said I
don't ever ever take sponsors or think
about sponsors but it just was such a
natural fit and we needed all that stuff
anyways and I truly do love Adam and Eve
so I was like hey like it was really
cool I was really happy and I was really
happy that they were on board for
they're really great people it's a
really great company I mean they're one
of the biggest I even realized that I
was talking to some people some
management the other day and they're
just like no I don't need it's like huge
they're like the biggest as like I
didn't even like really know I just know
I love with our stuff and they're nice
to me so if you guys want to shop the
lingerie the girls are wearing or
anything in the video you could shop it
40% off I think with Michael Trish and
I really just really really love them
and like I said I like gets up mmm
throughout even what time I don't do
videos they're just great if I want some
lingerie I see ah men are like yeah here
they're um they're really really great
and you know I I hope that you guys like
it - I feel like you guys do a lot of
you girls are very like into sexy stuff
like me and um I didn't it was cool you
know I don't know I've been blabbing but
thank you guys - I'm doing all these
thank you thank you guys um you know
YouTube is going through so many changes
right now and a lot of people are
leaving the platform or asking you guys
to donate you know all I ever asked and
all I ever won all I'll ever ever ask
and one is for you guys to watch my
videos it doesn't matter if I'm making
$100 or $1,000 like I I just want you
guys to watch my videos I always have I
always have uh side left us the other
day with um she actually I think just
might weed out the people who are doing
YouTube for money for a quick dollar and
people who actually do love YouTube and
and I truly love it and there's other
ways to make money for me it's not about
you how many views I can get that used
to be the name of the game it's not the
name of the game anymore views are not
equating to dollars which I don't care I
never cared because this channel doesn't
get the views it used to and I don't
care but again I think he was for
supporting me on my music my iTunes all
that stuff I do these music videos
because of you guys and I think I said
this before but people think I get rich
off of music like I don't I take every
single dollar I turn off my iTunes and
my music video views and everything that
and I put it back towards my music video
I don't make any money if anything I
probably in the hole with my music but I
love it and I have a passion for it I
was actually afraid even but I love it
and because you guys because you guys
you know go to iTunes and and buy my
music and you know watch my music videos
and stuff like that that's you know
that's why I get to do this and it's so
much fun to me because I do it for fun
like I said I don't make any money off
of it you know I'm I don't have fun like
it's my hobby but you know be a little
expensive and I like that so you know
the fact is it's kind of a little circle
you see I'm saying like if you guys like
watch and support you know
that's cool and you know I don't knock
don't like wonder Ram you know people
just H around the gadget feature I think
I do as they do that do I just know I'm
not going to ask people to just donate
like you know sell something like iTunes
shirts or something like that to just
donate I don't know it feels weird to me
now you can see the much money people
make off a month it's weird eligos be a
bartender to pay for my music videos for
I do that and that's the God's honest
truth and I thinking about all these
changes happening you know I would just
find other ways to make money to pay for
my videos and know my life or whatever
you need the money for bills I guess and
before I asked for a donation that's not
like a thing toes down upon it but I've
never by when I didn't make any money I
never asked people to just give me money
in my real life or online I just you
know all the work I'm able body Here I
am stripper I could get I could have
easily even back then because I had a
falling back I've been like hey guys
somebody took my paypal or I'll sell my
needs which I guess this is still a
server as if you're selling pictures but
I don't know that's my own thoughts and
and it's just weird I don't know maybe
I'm the only one and I mean one of the
things picture I know so much who
actually know people person that do it
so it's not it's just I don't know gives
me a weird feeling I wasn't ever
i'venever like I said I would rather
just go out and like get a like
waitressing job or something which I am
NOT above and that's up and don't worry
that a lot that I'm like anyone who's
taking the wrong way like I'm interest
nothing wrong with it though I've always
said that and I've always been taken to
youtube I love YouTube because for me it
is it's truly not much money it's really
cool that you can make a living online
and like social media never been about
it for me you guys know I done YouTube
now is my 11th year then for the first
five years I didn't make anything I just
and I just like I wanted TV attention
but kind of like dislike maybe the
attention but kind of like this little
it's her it's kind of way I hate the
term I hate the term family went a lot
of youtubers it's not just one or two
people it's like a lot of youtubers a
year my family I get that hot like what
they're trying to convey like we're
really close which yes you guys know me
so we are really close with family
sounds coltie I think I've heard this in
another video where someone said this
and kinda like Marilyn Manson called his
people family it guys on him real
Marilyn Manson Charles Manson Charles
Manson was a murderer and the seventieth
and he called his like little Colts they
his family the Manson Family I want what
some people say that sounds a little
cold II to me it's I don't like say my
family but it's like a community of us
like you should the community into
itself but it's really cool I don't know
how to explain it I just I really just
like gradient like I said this channel
the second channel makes and comparison
to it you know my other whatever streams
of revenue like this doesn't it's not
anything for me it's just issues but
which fun is actually priceless to me um
I just I like vlogging and I like
editing and I like you know reading
feedback on and sharing my life and
looking back at my life and I'm really
happy the thing about music videos I get
so happy and I was like the next day
like those down it's like oh my god a
reality um because you know I truly am
using video so I feel like a frickin I
know people oh hey when I say this in is
like if you're only happy when people
are treating me like a stars but I you
know it's just fun it's like I may
believe when I was little like I would
see in the mirror like I was at a live
show I would always I was in music
videos and this is so cool that this is
my 21st music video with my director I
think it's like my 23rd music video all
together dreams come true I mean this is
really I'm really happy like I said if I
went tomorrow and I had to work at
Cheesecake Factory like honestly I was a
very dream life and I don't want to like
I don't want people to be like oh my god
she's you know money issues were
understanding like you know YouTube is
changing and everything but I'll never
stop making YouTube videos and I'm never
stop making music
always been find a way to make music and
like I said I just really appreciate
your eyes and support so update on that
the album will come out May 1st it is
chicken fingers and lipo is the name of
it I'm performing my age but it is a
private event it's my birthday party you
made is my actual birthday just to try
it out we're going to film it and
everything just to try it out see how it
goes because if it goes well I may have
an announcement for you guys so we're
going to see anime 9th will be the
musical because we're premiering the
music video at my birthday party so you
guys will see at midnight so stay tuned
mark all that any challenges I love you
guys all my elbows are available on
iTunes now link is always in the
description box and I love you guys and
oh my god I do I really really do I
can't did I mess em I guess I am blessed
for everything I have been given I am
blessed for everything we continuous
blessings I'll get no matter where my
life takes me and about anything else
like you too is a passion like I can't
leave this platform unless they force me
out it's my it's truly my life and my
passion and everything so and you guys
have made everything possible so when I
think all these people new music video
just to know you guys are like number
one on my thinks I don't need a patreon
to say thank you to guys like thank you
like really because you guys didn't
support the music instead I act you know
I couldn't make these music videos um so
I realize how blessed I am and I have
fun and I'm just glad that you guys like
this stuff too and that we're going
through your strong on this music thing
so truly what I love dancing singing and
performing and I just think you guys
grow along you do it I guess I won't
talk to you soon hope you enjoy these
vlogs thumbs up if you did and I'm I get
my kisses Calvi mmm hi guys
