morning okay so I'm healthy help you
help it you can say have hard-boiled
eggs for breakfast and choose a meadow
sprouts for dinner so these are done I'm
going to take these over and dump them
out
remember Chinese our pancakes is my
breakfast hard-boiled eggs and water
Brad for a music video I want to have a
big plate of pancakes
but for now equaling less hot babe or oh
my gosh oh my gosh my gosh this is like
actually being our way oh it can't be
fun I know it's like we ever like he
almost jumped to traffic like see at the
gate after me okay not like he's there's
evil eyes I thought he's been like jump
for like just cars long as they're
moving it kind of dancer horizontal
final day of the other person's before
music video um we're mm newzik video so
dad and rehearsal today I'm a guy who
got my nails done which Chris ups for
the budget always go always has
appointments in some points or day I'm
like oh man I got another place
what's harder to do than you would think
here in LA to my gmail place so that's
that's whatever um get last dance or so
I'm so excited the girls are so good we
have like frickin Britney Beyonce
dancers like they are so good so
incredibly talented like Cedric knows
them but I'm like I'm really cool by
doing this video burning bed like they
sure is I can you do it for me I mean
they're very easy but oh my god they're
just amazing like obviously he found
Evan they're so good I'm like so honored
and oh my god I can't wait I'll compare
make playboy a thing as you tell I've
been wearing so many playboy shirts my
hair is looking so crazy some playboy
shirts also I have a dick remains one of
weird wall ones that always come before
music video and it's one thing if I type
up and I'm gonna leave alone because I
feel like I always try to pop them but I
get so torn like right you have pop it
really well on the struggle I'm trying
to leave it alone this time I just plain
like dry English on it at night hope
would go down and horse traffic is so
crazy over here brother your hair does
not work on me I know I feel like your
hair is cute like a my stylist what are
you people just crossing now the present
almost the postman literally just ran
across the ADEA Street like I would
never on my I'm an idiot I still never
brought the Pride Rock Island on not a
crosswalk
anyways oh my god so don't blame the
moment use a condom calm is like that
billboard so I looked up some weird-ass
billboards anyways that's the plan for
today I don't want to go to the nail
class I'm not going to go - seems like
so first of all there's never to go to
and I was doing my nails and pedicure to
accomplish chairs because well cute
because comfy and this place like they
literally make you sit in the manicure
chair but also like did it turn you like
so your your hands have a claim on your
bodies this way and they like have a
good bucket of water it's like it's the
one close to my house but hold that out
it's a little weird kind of smells like
I hate being like that there's ever does
not like Chinese food even though I know
they're like the enemies full of Chinese
what every time you go in there I like
the animals like Brian open I'm going to
find a Brian open one I will a
nihilistic ooh oh it's not that robotic
that's a fair shake oh my gosh stupid
shoes like
anyways these are my do chicken glasses
that I love so much and I was thinking
to cry in these I was gonna wear these
always like I'm going to get breakdown
and also everyone all got to be about
these bracelets like I'm going yesterday
I'm story they're literally edge to your
bracelets but I covered the edge here in
part of it now cuz I don't like live
forever I kind of do but I kind of think
Arnold that makes me look like I'm like
twelve years old so I hide I mean not
that the price of something looking for
old applying the men for twelve year
olds list whatever Queen at wanna
alright we're not moving at all I like
this is crazy and I'm doing some I just
realized outside away from you so I
guess I'll just stop right here stop
right now thank you very much
I need somebody with the human dirt
Oh
Oh
I think that should have a double cinema
right there I'm gonna get off for me
I'll come there was hundreds place and
to do inside super cute
and there is the school twist dark and
damp ele cast Eclair and I'm going to
press ctrl Z is already known clean
option super cute now whenever a change
in cigarette packages well the person
next to me is eating pizza in their car
and it looks so good I wish I had that
piece of pizza right now in my car okay
guys it's a day before the video
settings I'm getting when you're done
why am I like this I will pick up some
vacation no my skin just breaking up so
much guys like what is this stress what
is so anyways I got my la demence up
girl purse none yeah guys lessons and
some drinks here we go
such a little cat doesn't bio keep an
eye on every book very got my drink I
wouldn't have to dirk with the street
was a lot of people on my Instagram and
snapchat where athletes so no district
it's like green tea like lemonade h2o no
sweetener big water what it has the port
Norway
so it's h2o
lemonade that my you see pop from a
little turban on and my name is Gary I'm
embassy Jess and I am getting this book
where's your attention that's happened
three me it's Christmassy I'm gonna love
these books let me get them right hand
screw up this one last time you turn on
stuff of languages learn how to dip it
in I love stuff like this we had these
two lotto tickets were $40 shuttles this
one in front was thirty and one in the
back was ten so you know I mean I get
ready the lazy way so this is my current
per situation right now so I just got
this in from its knockoff led me company
yes so I have my business cards I have
this blinged out MAC lipstick kept my
blinged out phone case got some water
ticket I have two books in here now one
I just swapped prayer to me anxious
heart and then the Hamilton affair this
is the cool gun that said he always has
in plastic and like it just makes it so
much more organized so you're not like
having gross like paper boxes mom I've
got some energy curious perfume down
there and some Chappy's which would have
blown up so anyways I think I would make
a bag right there our wallet all the
goods after your shirt
so my hairstylist and hair colorist Zoe
has this line with your email outside of
long life and she swears by this stuff
so if you're blonde definitely try it
out I have to get through more tile some
conditioner just hey what's up oh love
that it looks really good actually you
associate you I mean you look worried
you look like printed area you at work
you can honestly do that like not
kidding
I live for that here though my hair's
not receive their this is a book I'm
reading
Hamilton favorite I showed you guys but
yeah this no I'm super excited
getting my long hair longer these are
the products and this is Miss Zoe a no
like the blonde cream look look at that
in the air today NORAD our time how we
love everything now so sat on the Erica
oh yeah we got to do products I'm like
super excited you've been like literally
saw muscles I'm like hate me doing our
show sorry and liquid joy sorrow but is
the museum a zhing she's your like your
expert like they're number one or now
for models for blonde mm yeah like the
number one is okay you're like oh come
on we're always around doing the blonde
cell all night and you did a video which
is like Isis video but weird I never
thought it's coming out where are you -
it's going to be on front laughs - yes
oh my god you guys need to do I'm going
to die seeing that we need because
usually our blog with you promotional on
camera but then I see Wednesday's in
like a micro my alter-ego
I've got really excited about that then
so these are my little get these so
we'll try it out and this would you use
this lesson that so that's going to be
like your your ultimate hydrating mask
use it as a treatment probably about
once a week again this is a brightening
shampoo it's not a violent one so it
detoxifies and nurses tricky one Angie's
been don't you for example is a nice I'm
using for example and I matter if they
don't use it so badly right well yeah it
can be under the dye and some of them is
a little you know harsher you'll have
one not just amazing literally Jack I
think not sponsor but we do live for
this like I love all this sneezing on me
right remove all doubt I'm Tom he have
long legs Laettner on her right now but
I'm about to down really yeah I mean
it's an ever since been growing you even
said it I never take your hairs and
growing cut out so flow over here
businesses you can the best as my dinner
I picked up some chicken lettuce wraps
from CP came I just you complain
Maryland actually if you I don't mean
all this so my meal before my big music
better now of course the water
so boring but well
