a little ratchet today
okay I'm bringing out so much you guys
know you one rechannel farmer I always
get math with this before my music
videos because there's I'm just so
stressed like it's all fun like I love
it but you know if you ever saw a really
big birthday party or you had a wedding
or something or I don't know something
I'm the recipient party like I never had
parties growing up we never had parties
even in my early adult life so between
planning a birthday party and a Lunik
party and a live show on the same day
I'm doing a big music video this
upcoming Saturday or Friday and there's
so many people
parade of people and they were not
altogether Angira music vo the try and
another video at then in May do another
music do that in June and then July
really surprised and a really big thing
coming up the realize that so I'm trying
to get all this done for planning other
videos like I want to do more like
routine videos a lot more videos are
just in sit-down videos which is what my
channel is um but I'm used to doing like
the routine videos like thought out like
funny you guys get videos kinda like
Disney consumer fat videos like I have
so many ideas so I want to do those it's
just a lot plus there's possible talk
gloom little heroines anything else but
anyway I just noticed most of my
Instagram I have opposed to get
Playboy's shirt and a penthouse tab and
guys don't know what those are they're
adults magazines most popular in the 90s
of feeling now these photos aren't that
big of a deal women are at all they're
like everywhere instagrams basically
playboy guys speaking which one would I
want to be in like I used to always be
in five weeks it was like super feel
gorgeous women instead I got rid of like
panel to me
raunchy it was so raunchy like legs
spread of course they have this
conversation with y'all right winners
will pass the rail so part of me is like
growing up are wanting Playboy's like
classy and like iconic money but there's
now point were kinda shambling you know
I think I want to pass but another one
is that shopping anymore
so panels would be really gross and
dirty but I would love but to be honest
I wouldn't I don't think I'd want to I
don't think I would do anything because
I would keep my sexy nude photos from my
own not like my own personal manager
with y'all but I don't have control of
them you know kind that bosses bitch
attitude
I hide up that parking brush thanks for
all coming with me
we've logged the case you know some shit
goes down but rap hip dance on and
where's my me such a good Meyer took my
daughter's on by look at me call em hi
yo so cute yesterday wasn't it
keep doing it you want the bathroom like
that work work where what where were
that's a good logger ever
back in my office which is my bed I have
been loving having my computer up here
in my bedroom and a nice gist I'm not
going to wear on that 22 I'm asking my
face it is two days three days before
the video shoot and I've been breaking
outside of masking a lot of people say
that not good to mask a lot like what
your Stewart once a week or actually my
dermatologist told me like every couple
days you could do it because my skin so
oily that I like to dry it out
especially for a music video shoot so
because I wear a lot of makeup and all
that stuff so I'm trying to dry my face
out I'll show you the mask in the
bathroom I just came back I gotta put
underwear on and I have a bunch of tacks
in emails crazy week but checking in
with y'all last night so I'm kind of
like a little bit of a breakdown video
which I'm super embarrassed about but I
kept it up because it I think it just
shows the Cuban side to people I get so
annoyed that everyone acts like we have
a perfect fucking life on social media
night get never wants to air their dirty
laundry I totally get that
but being at someone who has and there's
really no going back to how public I've
made my life like you know I feel like I
know I think it's okay to show like the
real side and since I've been okay with
it and I've come to terms and yes
deserving sometimes I just decided keep
that but this morning I'm feeling much
better I got so much I do literally went
to bed at 7:30 address on that video I
did get Brown 4:30 but I went back to
bed it got want 9 I more dude you have
to wrestle I'm getting my hair blown out
and I'll to wear a hat I feel it more
confident I'm going to earn my fishnets
because I'm going to work for music
video and just you know gotta get this
shit together got to keep it go and
gotta keep it movin but anyways have
attitude which attacks but I'll show you
guys what my skin care like the face
mask amusing I think I showed up a war
but if not positive so of course I want
to go wash off through mask enjoy
prostate growth in there with me and
show you why have shown this as far as
being gay Shaboom I recently creams on
for the day and stuff so my face looks
like this but this drops all in my soul
oh my gosh we can just commence
oh I see the 7 right here for the first
time I love it I use the shampoo and
conditioner Maui moisture and this is
what should look great but you're going
to should have anything for a while I
always use like new spray
I have so many I have this leave-in
conditioner
I only used so many but this is the mask
skins I'm space mask Jan Marin skin
research I'm going to focus my camera to
not really can I use hashtag no stones
but that would have been a really great
product shop for a hashtag spots I just
wanted you oh my gosh don't even look I
have so much about to do on I literally
doesn't be on and I was I guys if we're
like Matt really think yeah my gravy on
it it's not like holy I don't you have
any into bully Eddie you know what I
trace you see the reason I haven't at
least not like a worldwide thing no it
is it wait really have you not done it
no look at that that was the best show
ever just yeah this is a little by the
way this is like intense I thought I got
something healthy this is like a lot no
that's exactly it's like a solid no
that's eating so right there oh my god
looking ready for this I look why does
my hair it look like before you look
that's how we do the eating shows look
they literally do it was like a person I
crushed into like the food yeah after
you do it down here with ASMR one though
it's loud it's like that was actually
everything why don't you videos like
that like slurping just being so fucking
gross oh I know that one you're calling
idea it's being fucking gross like
honestly belacan and everything patreon
patreon.com slash watch they ate it well
it's getting there right so all of you
Tron guy iron merch is that your merch
is my current mood anyways we're hanging
out and I wasn't even though I always
want to always walk we hang out but I'm
like I've always what yes we are friends
kind of oh yeah I talked about your
birthday did you oh yeah but it's a as
part of it
I mean how did you that I just found out
you're accusing performing you know me
yeah oh yeah like this I was asked to
sing at the economy years ago super 11 I
was like Queen yeah unless you got to
pain mom growling oh no you're a good
singer
I want to carpool karaoke with you I
thought you didn't what cupcaking on but
I'm where's my cup okay karaokes done
I mean corn can do it I know you your
probable karaoke is life they never do
well people don't like it
Leon demos meeting right Queen of Pop
you to break
