what's up y'all for instance kidding
we're dancing to Britney's my
prerogative I am mrs. Federline and he's
K&N today but it's also studies birthday
I'm so super excited to have his name in
balloons balloons in his name in the
back but I also went to world Margaret
got a bunch of likes French likes
goodies like friendship there's also my
friend Jean Marc vodka I'll get it
I got some Dez no just being so extra so
anyways I'm not running lately I wanted
to get there early and Casey's not there
and set up if he's there I just want to
spread themselves I'm a giant and blog
has at least reaction level on them open
up I guess I also got him some cupcakes
that are coming today which is like face
and hopefully the French flag aren't I
just gave her like a bunch of things
about them so I love birthdays so much I
love overeating super things y'all I'm
already pretty alright I'm going these
are his cupcakes
he's the little French flags with the
kind of like Pepsi symbols but I put
steady on there itself yo Jenna yeah
yeah everyone you seems like you want to
eat me you want eat this you want a
piece of me and give Matt on a piece of
me
yeah what about a some a birthday the
mine oh look ya'll - I'm Britney all we
just want some rebel and some Cheetos
and now we're dancing and I got a big
belly back no beer there oh okay
fuck you dude okay Kevin with you done
I'm looking fighters oh my god
Instagram anyway one time you just do
this to be a cute pose to do right pose
what might Hannah oh my stomach and
you're like oh I never liked old and
having a baby is you know a birthday and
you clean that up with me I am very much
fun yeah my god of the best ever be your
other ones we asked freaking Kinder's
minute sued every standard it was
everything we have a good video
oh my god my children because then she
killed it filming us so quick so Britt
you have to literally eating my problem
my lot of kilos is my profit of you know
clap we're gonna see earlier which is
super exciting because we don't want you
in court filing another hour and a half
but my producers like I just wanna come
hang out with you as we all were and
also going to hang out me and Jeremy we
actually started to we're friends like
we really did like I met him at the
studio but like he was doing something
else I was with another producer and we
just kind of became friends and I didn't
even think to ask him to ever write or
produce for me because he's this is what
he decimal times means he works for a
publishing company like this what he
does and he's really really good and
down that I would he knows he's an
artist he's a songwriter but he does
amazing a lot of the legends are we
starting out and then I like he had said
like if you ever want help and I was
like really because I get to me to ask
people cook you know I love my music but
I'm not Mariah Carey about you know I
don't have that natural talent like you
know mine's more like a passion project
for me
but when he comes like he really took
several you you know that you would
offer you know and it's been awesome
ever since so I've worked with other
producers and writers but Jeremy and I
would click and heal and something else
like hungry we got together so it's
Betty's but he's actually teaching
tonight a class I'm glad she plays
dress-up with me I am I'm so obsessed
that mammals everybody like I'm obsessed
with him so much he's just so amazing to
me and so nice and so high and we even
need a half of what we go through
well moving my m and he's a spare to
coddle me because I'm a crazy mess I
just I love him and like the fact he did
that like whole K but the photo shoot
video yeah I just you know when I going
to do myself with so anyway so I mean
Latino cuz we used to order dinner after
I'm done with like it with my vocal so
it's like wow my final snap of the how
Lockean yeah sweet chocolates okay I got
big time for you alright I'm going
now on one this week is been crazy so
far days so far so good
yeah and look except my needle Rianna
I am just all you out with my ariana
grande sweatshirt and make a car sighs I
have emphasized before you know just big
baller over here spending $60 result was
fuckin tank on my way into Orange County
decree was bad in my day with him and
yes I guess dying I what I found
absolutely right TJ I just have one of
those like my turn 18 that's what I'm
talking about I was like I need a new
jingle so hi Mikey Park Jacobs 20 back
why well conductive my last day of
eating before us every diet for a music
video 970 only modest
cool recorders aquario so fun I had
every Star Trek home
oh I saw this coming weekend but I got
this book supply store
this is the visor and they are from them
and you can get something out some
success on Patricia and I get nothing
from that I paid for my own shit but god
I can't believe it so for three is usual
price over the point norms here look I'm
on Fairfax and stamp ascending what if
you didn't know what that's the thing
hug because we're at five dollars a
gallon
home is where you live
oh all right guys I think I like I
repeat I think I did Ali I think let me
keep it again whatever I vlog when I get
gas
I don't know if I like not binky or dug
up - I like you Lucy I take it out and
just cameras want to play I think I'm
thinking too much on things and I
clearly forgot a gas tax
my gas cap again so because remember
around Christmas time I think with the
blog where I went to a sequel leave a
lot of you I commented because I was
putting the thing back on the camera and
like oh you've rested cat back and
that's right I really did and so I'm and
it puts the campus on the back of my leg
bumper things but I dictate gasps oh I
was just driven off this blob snap so I
was out haploid a month and then when I
got my interior done on my car
I absolutely could order me another
verse 81 conversations happen they did
see it's just about being forgotten
again go that's how I get seizing go off
the detective detective dings and weird
and then I go back up like oh my god I
perhaps but the kappahd again because I
was vlogging I also wanted to Instagram
and I cried to the store considering
every soul and then I proceeded out
across to press cut back on again I'm so
annoys myself he's gonna have to order
one online or call for babies over phone
still going though that myself like
solenoid fancy skillet that like
dumb stupid things but I could avoid
like my last remark it was like we have
swords ever but like what it happens
just is wishing we don't have a spare
key you know you just it is the worst
day ever get to just annoying you have
to like go Hoover and especially like I
get to go pick up someone or run errands
or you know yourself hard so so time
again when everybody drives down and I
thought I'd just say it but I look
really cute with my pink sweater
intrepid cars in the collection car blah
but I won't boring it just drive him
listen my Hamilton you know how I do
mmm hey guys today was my first day off
all week I have been busy busy busy
doing the most most most and next week
is going to be even busier because I
have dance rehearsals a music video prep
so today and well tomorrow I have to
government watch do I want to go see my
father so I am just being a single girl
right now with a big baked ziti and
Lifetime movie and I'm enjoying this
because it's a hard world I'd diet next
week for me and intense training and my
live shows all today and tomorrow we're
just jokin I was gonna move on but I
always eat big video before until it's
born I mean is not George Guerra for
IBAs in me I love I'm like a creature of
habit I was at Coachella
I might there's no point in for it's not
there I greeted torch I won't let my
personal health of a crowd I was like
clouds um something else like clouds
loud music and Lady Gaga it was like
more like a joke I don't wanna back out
from well first and are crazy never did
what later but like Rotella
definitely no fear of missing out on
that one no phone well that just seems
like so much anxiety for me I'm like
really happy I just it's annoying to see
everyone's post I get everyone here in
La La's Coachella is a glass phone rings
but I cannot be happy with my big CD and
then I'm ashamed my legs in two days I'm
just chilling and watching Lifetime
movies and go to bed early I've been
sleeping all day so
who night mmm
