this is quite literally the day from
hell my gosh I am just about to get
fitted for my music video costumes which
I'm excited about
it's getting dark soon you turn on the
light but sleek you guys I just I can't
get my shit together I have a full-on
mental clinic on again today this is the
fourth one in one week in some days I
don't know what is happening with the
planets or the universe or me but for
the first time you know in a minute when
I'm a crazy bitch
so the first me like I said I didn't
instigate any of these crazy shouldn't
happen to me I don't know what's even
going on I went this week to be over
with this myth to be over I have a music
video and a live performance coming up
and I just got my sentence I look crazy
I'm my hair I'll bring it up I just had
one thing after another I just removed
on talking about it I don't know if I
should even I don't want off ladder I
don't want to like put that energy out
there oh that's the guy that's not it
was fitting girl closet I live in a
minute yo let's just leave this I didn't
vlog anything theaters at my 14 was like
oh this is Dave house but you know what
I love getting good because it always
fit me that's like it customizing I
don't worry about squeezing into some
manufactured bullshit like no maybe for
my body you know as knows the rest day
when my cute little fairy lights aren't
even on oh you guys know this has been
just a really crazy week which I
honestly I just shorthand video for my
main channel which I was thinking of
doing because I I had explained this
before my real life and it takes like an
hour to even get like the overall story
very close I push this up the fiscal
three down like that but I don't want
knit foot nice
I don't even blog today but like I
haven't been blogging well I've been
vlogging and then I stopped it's just
like honestly it would take me
imitating ate probably an hour half so
should I go through each thing that's
like crazy explain situation like each
date
I probably have a dozen individual short
times of like traumatic crazy shit
that's been happening and like honestly
I should tell you guys because I was
kind of enough now that I've been on
fire I really want some three guys I
just think you went to YouTube chain a
lot I'm not going to talk about that
guys are going to so annoying when
youtubers complain about YouTube proud
youtuber problems when a lot most of you
a lot of you are just viewers so I'm
just trying to watch my entertainment we
start watching friends and I start
complaining about their salaries if you
complained about the sets like no we're
watching you Ross and Rachel okay bitch
like shut the fuck up
you know it means so I'm not going to
get into that but YouTube's changing and
like enough that it's like changing my
inspiration but like kind of and also
I'm changing remember 29 um I have a
really big big big big announcement
coming soon
that's pretty life-changing who turns
you find out why um then that will be
within months a 100% happening um you
know I have a lot my first live
performance or just giving me anxiety
but a good Rebbetzin nervous and my
music video next week so I use a lot I
love doing it all I do I just put a lot
of pressure on myself a lot of it comes
for myself but I'll have this week you
guys I'm not kidding when I say like I
didn't alright wait and you were told me
like two months ago that I would have
instigated something with this person or
these people or these things these
events that happen or vice versa they
instigate but wouldn't believe it like
it's not it's not a drama you guys would
know about per se it's very like we what
the fuck is happening like I wouldn't
even thinking that with everything like
how does this happen what is happening I
want to make a list before I got that of
these things I have so much to say and
like I'm confused
I want to just tell a story I'm not
gonna name names in the penis I feel
like a lot of you won't even know I'm
know these people because like these are
people that are included that works shit
and my other things is just little
events and stuff doesn't happen that's
crazy being something that showed up for
dinner - dinner like three hours late
and then sometimes defense it was it
none of its like
none of it is like over that
life-altering but like I've been
screaming matches people I've been
getting anxiety when I had to go to the
ER because I honestly I honestly
couldn't breathe I couldn't breathe
I have naina couldn't breathe like
enough and I'm not saying that for
sympathy but it's just like what was
happening to me that I'm not doing with
a function I've been it's just so messy
and sloppy with guys who are assholes I
go with guys who are great I ignore I'm
actually just going on blonde with to
look for this guy he says he watching my
videos will see this will be discussed
he's actually made a friend of mine the
manager and I said that he was on bumble
like a wild concert and I even said
something John we never it how come we
never swiped each other on bumble cuz I
gotta see my man I'm like gonna go find
him now you know I know it's when the
bride's think it's fun to find those
people and bubbly so q2 um I was lucky
and me and I'm sometimes you like some
mediums or texts he's like hey like I
want to do this and miss you and also
for like mountainous you but like you
should come to this and let's make you
hate me like you mean like if it doesn't
so that's cool I'm non-precision reading
it I should not be dating a shinobi I
need getting up specially and setups
gonna bleed I'm gonna like I'm just I'm
like in ask we're insecure desperate
fades at the moment I don't know what's
wrong with me I have a lot going on in
my life I have good stuff happening yeah
I miss rich one just stop that baby I'm
so over I really am so I found someone
today then I'm just like I was I had a
mental breakdown and he's like um
jokingly he's like someone said I don't
have sex without like you know honestly
sxs on ethic that used to get me out
like a funk so I'm like you know what
it's this fall since blah but slob know
like I've been having sex been feeling
actually worth about my sobbing more
miserable like that's when you know you
have to wake from hell you're not
grabbing sex like shit that's a whole
that's a whole story shame
that's crazy for me cuz I have be highly
a sex drive of anyone I know
like I will fuck a fucking cucumber on a
fortune cookie like you know what I'm
saying I don't know why the back of the
strap aren't you can see over there but
help me sex and been fixing boat mom so
excited I had some chicken skinless
chicken process on the move and what√µs
something that helps anyways it's been a
good day I've been dancing I have great
people in my life good things are
happening I don't know what going with
the university let's just pray
chromatically put out there things are
gonna be great tomorrow and next week
and next month and next year from me for
you our families I was prosperous and
healthy and it's going to great
gimmickry putting out there so mmm love
you Jesus love you guys and I'll see you
guys soon
your much is each melody
