I'm going to vlog the experience tape
I'm going to photo shoot and vlog it so
I think right here now yeah okay
it's going to keel look at my cheese on
for you what are you wearing the heels
yeah for sure and I went the basket and
they're like show me my classes I love
it wow I'm a retro button some women
I'll give you a photographer credit on
Easter Sunday
yeah and Jeremy Thurber cylinders also
tells good you know right everything all
those boxes up yeah no I'm over here
yes missus open old woman yes okay make
sure really good I think so it would be
intense
I'm not a model so clearly look at me
guys I work with the fucking I'm a
little bit out back not for real oh I
know
doctor bathroom I wrote it
okay it's gonna be open and funny little
building plan with another program I
work I need to do anyone is gonna go
high or low why the design work was
amazing
I guess I got action on practice
equipment doing little food I kind of
feel like I am a little back online I
had a bad day if I'm around everybody Oh
a time for the computer side right in
the middle like a cracker here is like
more like okay good sorry you said
already what is happening here sorry I
missed it crediting girls for you sir
yeah it's closing I don't know what
happened right here Astrid you wanna hit
love you to hear me yeah I got in my car
and just do that good school business
right
I'd like the same dog welcome to that
couple they don't ever miss a big light
at night I think the first things you
guys like to like Africa kind of here
yeah go ahead i the tea belly and my hot
dogs feeling we can with my open so is
what I'd be doing this I live in it we
beginning of Garrett photo shoot my
video okay there's no I can see you're
still motile meal is going to have this
moment in my life another day I'll eat
in Cairo merconis uniforms on a local
mixes with everything any camera
Instagram as you want Instagram true
dollars irony you starin at me wait no
uh window listen no oh girl no good you
call along no I don't believe it i me
ollie is one video nothing about when he
like filming like quacking open I love
it sure can you awesome
I like I like that directing words like
ask me you know maybe that direction
I know that work don't we got to be like
yeah would you want to yeah yeah ran it
behind me like literally cap orange you
alright Amamiya my feet gone why not for
sutures we want her to be written to us
you want anniversary yeah be you just
get away you go vertical like you like
that
when you shooting do it oh it's okay
you want video there right yes Oh raise
your right foot right yeah you mean why
not like arch
okay maybe like I'm deal disaster Oh
raise your right foot right arch Chinese
strength apply shadow
what'd it look like
did you got it thank you so much open it
to the end people literally shooting a
porn Oh
I'll second that is everything maman
what did you look at these and make sure
that I'm just like kind of doing the
right thing
well that form of government Iman okay I
can't stop laughing because I just think
how are you good in on that now
oh you know these are good
I need to be unlawful it all for us -
yeah well that one already think you
look at you being all - yeah yeah very
cool
basically the blue yes love that little
orange you Jeremy are so good you're
high oh my god yes yup so maybe I do
more from like above yeah I think I got
it was we can do a few more than I can
have it over no I love it though
I was like actually impressed I was
thinking like the skull look really
crazy we're shooting I'm going to your
porn right now I don't know - really
what the fuck is happening verily Allah
J and I was like don't ever like we're
going to run the train on the bunny I I
think they're kinda into it ever - that
one we other thing I'm crazy about me
not nail it
some people didn't give me like a really
good belly arch make sure it's realize
like like more like flour now again and
kind of turn your body up towards me a
little bit ago wait how good like for
you inside is it again bad oh my god how
does this help this way like I've
coordinated yeah
- hi well this isn't funny 100 djegal or
about Dalila oh shit do that again start
Elizabeth it's hot when you have the
light leg coming like towards up the
camera but that meant you look look
lastly hey do a more like openness
plumber
you're not oh no you said you loved it
oh my god I love it
there's no all the way I like to do any
there buddy I love them don't you go
home give me something good
let's get your camera the levels getting
undeveloped another big ago I think for
a second yeah maybe just like 15 minutes
and they'll be back I miss our candy
it's all wrong
fucking Evelyn was everything I'm
pissing on me
that was a super surprise hey girls look
nuts however fine yeah justice
how's the bad news are there is working
agreement a costume sorry everyone here
we're having a chicken thing we like to
consider party love a mention of your
party there's so many there's so many
fries and mac and cheese by mmm oh yeah
these are so good you get some mac and
cheese night you know how many of an
hour's dogs out there
I did three already so that your max
there some 100 ma I'm putting food diet
it looks like it look at those abs your
worst your a pictures no that must be
working yes oh my god yes oh my god yes
ABS ABS every server everybody when you
trainers are you wasting away we're not
single anymore huh are we single mouse I
am today Barney fit me a little
arthritis okay you need to put the shirt
up for those who that's a good Instagram
we said yourself
oh is that a really good shove your
shirt up with chicken fingers in your
mom doing that okay yeah we'll do it
right now how about a close encounter
Hey
you're with
