there is something about saying no to
this I've been called the Reynolds ample
Bernadette was right say no events
mutant you it turns me on
it's fucked up no because I just love I
wish I knew the words that I like I just
recently started like really getting
into the second act of Ableton so they
guys the first act has like those
bankers that you hear all the time and
like I started getting into a like
really good I wish me the rats like
Empress was enough to help someone
down-on-his-luck see it was my wife who
you decided to surf it was like ah
where's like hey hey like spread on the
bed I was like oh my god I'm not a
rapper um hey guys
okay it was uh it was a good weekend um
kinda ended like roughly not anything
like too crazy but it ends a little
luckily for me settlers are back dancing
I don't know how much footage I got over
the weekend I felt like I kind of
stopped blogging halfway through so
we're back to realize Trish which is
ironic because real life Trish is with
her fam
that's real Trish what like you two is
almost like real life Trish because I
you - Trish the post that fears is that
like mindful and I think of that
I'm always blogging and people in my
life here up in LA they're all in
entertainment so they don't mind that
I'm blogging they're on camera so we're
you know we do you know what it means
you don't mean but my family which
started out as real trash from around
locks the mindfuck because the realtor
just thinking you should crush one who
blogs all the time and like this is the
rose that's so hard it's so confusing I
don't even know and then when I date
people it's even harder because it's
like well you know they go meet my
family well
very because you love it with them what
are you doing with Hamill experiment
bachelors around them but like I'm also
youtube trash to them but I'm also like
different in a relationship I'm like you
know wifey Trish which is like a
completely different person because I'm
very like very catering in a
relationship like I just I want to make
that person happy you're going to see
all these like ridiculous you stir
things up Easter candy basket - because
I'm doing a little little mini Easter
photo shoot today new parts are we
living v gorge love it so this is
actually a person I carry like you know
pills wallet and this is like four
cameras gum sunglasses so this is Marc
Jacobs and this I just got off eBay eBay
is seriously the best formula no purses
I bought like four off there I make up
stuff in my own practice
hang on Marilyn but I thought these
beautiful Anna Nicole which was
initiated by been chilling for at that
beautiful and uh Nicole pillows - what
you think I'm going to actually do a
sparklies like favorites on my channel
so yeah we're dancing Sam so it's been
like literally six days since I danced
and I have a music video that
eight days away so I have a lot to do we
have we're doing dance videos from our
channels but also for several different
Olympics actually like four days of
dancing and then like I invite you to
four days of dancing and we companies
don't mind that term a lot to you like
this is what I would do to myself and
questioning
oops sorry sit Baltimore he loves my
favorite combination by the way who I
shat on a dark bold lip I know
everyone's like you don't do what other
bold eye or bold up but I like to do it
all at once break the rules
yeah we're gonna go dance to fighter I'm
so excited cuz when I'm boxing out
there's it's really really cute puppy so
and it's about my face but I was just
asking at what cameras was on just love
what's the orange hoodie vlog for some
reason is the same camera I've always
used as cannon GSM exercise about to get
right up because I felt like the wasn't
focusing it was kind of shit quality
that one looks really clear I don't know
it's the way I imported it did I save a
different on iMovie like a higher
quality picture because it's the same I
was just gonna see the jawline like whoa
it is it was really clear quality I'm
not sure because it was the same camera
and then it made me want to like keep
the camera but actually was like legit
looking for a new quality cameras
how bout me trying to learn a new camera
click one thing I hate doing learning
new computer living new cameras like
much as I love technology I hate warning
it but then once I learn it I love it so
but yeah that was just this camera
really caught my basically getting oily
and we want to go dance I guess it
doesn't matter so yeah this is imperial
ten and what else is new
that's pretty much it well camera party
stuff shows up invite back today so to
show you guys invite what has all the
informational miracle now that I don't
want you guys to come it's just one it's
a birthday party two is like a live
performance I've never done my
performances and I kinda just want to do
it for like people who know me and like
will support me no matter what even if I
suck as opposed to like and then I can
watch it back and decide if I set for
myself but I feel like I need like an
audience that would I be like into a no
matter what like I'm kind of nervous
because I love you guys so much and I
never really open but I've been really
nervous like Guam in front of like y'all
because I'm not disappoint you guys
you know what I mean and I know you guys
may be like oh well you're a terrible
role model anyways like why do you care
you just want people at home but it's
different I feel like I am a better role
model because of myself and I don't hold
back when I think or you know show or
feel that make sense there's so many
Reggie wagons I would think it's a GG's
girlfriend huh I always be renewing in
the Ruhr now it's like a thing but it's
apparent loving but yeah we're going to
design and recording today and he
proposed you today and tender day today
I have so much to happen happening right
now
it's insane I've been up since 5:00 a.m.
so Lego might have my boots of the day
are these not the cutest things ever I'm
obsessed
Stefan funny costume for later can write
mini Easter photo shoot and Easter candy
but now I have to change out of this
little Daisy Duke ensemble I'm being a
boxer today I'm being a bunny today and
in being Jessica Simpson shave who is
Trish we don't know I don't know either
guess it's the stars so we're the
rehearse but they don't put their
pictures up until they know who's
rehearsing in this room but clearly they
didn't know I was rehearsing to make
sense and the pictures hey guys we
didn't answer yet a little bit of drama
but not between us
we had John Ryan we're not for Mike oh
my god dancing so we're having and 10:15
arrived and there's Jimmy Salter
okay skinny I want to do that you got
the solution of the crucial okay is
writing it does assume so gross but we
also closes down like a fat healthy life
I'll see like we've got the right one or
a nosy bitch okay I was kidding
oh my god do it okay okay yeah check it
out
luck to to be going be going good boy
put it up
that yesterday I can't
hey go that way my rest so primary you
know yours has a based on the fight in
tournament is feel very good in tennis
in the hiring row but I thought how I
drew :
I thought maybe his uniform they've made
it up this is maybe consider us
specifically feel any better out like
also any course with you already out of
a fucking swimming a colony for now ee
idea nobody thought okay if you know
like lava trench my on my pole or
working in and I think to the old bridge
and the drive back yeah and only like I
thought don't like this and like that
phonology can may like acting like an
obnoxious is that yeah that was the idea
you don't want them to feel so pairs
like I've been car you into this
everywhere
how do you like your shirt on okay
crying on I didn't tell me the kind of
narrative I kind and I haven't a minute
over here anything it's so much good
work I feel like it's always so
melodramatic right so it wasn't my fault
for playing okay anyways you're skinny
now so enjoy healthy amount such a
skinny person being skinny we have to be
fastened our drinks - I'm so excited
it's good though you folded up you're
right it's like part of the beginning
with that first
I don't know if that's true not like a
talk with this cake or something Reagan
- or no I don't even know it's good for
you we would say the food easily over
the food rule
I wouldn't look bad
they like it or no butter good a healthy
food it's very not like no just even
helped over any wonderful girl I get it
yeah
I like a deal in exchange we really eat
it later
for you
wait don't good idea
really that that's right
the ghost again
while you're focusing
and
to get into the folder basically folders
oh yeah we need it go shows me that was
like any drink
I am okay I got a peanut butter which
again I got another in jelly thank you
so far is Tommy Murphy special plans
work wait what is the chemical company
okay there you go yes it was that loud
spray here right here you I'm not even a
guy hey Jane ranges
oh you're the best what's my new life
when July thing about a year set ears
like crazy Buzzelli tunnel
that much
later knowledge the brokerage's good
deal so Sunnis joking a meal we were
good
what is it place acute a sponsorship
they give you free three this body
energy consumption all my way cups all
off now you trying to win non conveniens
job said he taking our cookies experts
apart are doing this cell he said he
thinks is right though because because
the Thomas money in the machine they
won't give you the shoe
