what's up everyone it's hot here
everyday like sweating so I'm in an uber
once again
uber live I can't escape it I just drop
my car off in car wash to grow and I
maneuver to the gynecologist because
like I had nothing to grow for seems
like two hours to catch a car washes you
know that people in line and stuff so I
written 29 out I had an emergency gyno
appointment I was going to go to Urgent
Care but then it called them another can
you mean Janet I'm a surgeon
so what's wrong with my vagina the world
will never know it's never any question
but I'm excited I was a guy I find a
wife like Dino fat guy chronic on
furnaces weird I guess I said like girls
are brown come sister that's our bread
she's actively checks out in here so
anyways I'm smacking I go oh my god I'm
gonna have so much to do as you go pick
up the cupcakes and flash the girls I
could get underwear
adidas cupcakes and this little French
place and then I gotta go home pack try
throughout the dance video on her phone
because I can't get around my smaller
ones on Instagram and they should I pack
everything and then I got to go and make
a matter of hours I'd like three hours
we all have done so we'll see what don't
worry with the clump burning or anything
I was really cute it's so hot I like
this suit more I would actually had my
Dean's are going down
I actually had this likes to put
anything on words so I'm going to Rodeo
Drive to code my image on a doctor
and you look more scared otherwise over
the home and this the key to sure ever I
went to meet only what was on it
yes girl come through I mean it to this
part of Beverly Hills that I've never
been to before I would just have it
bordered and ready to go and then we can
we get Yamanote this one I've never been
any ever I've been to her house every
time another place to see me glasses
everything I do I do are my own apparel
I've heard about all right where am I
going
I don't know it's on the elevator and
things going around we're young so found
the elevators silence and lasses one
thing that's really kind of a blur
I'm sure it's not some hot young guy and
where they look like pretty women right
now hooker with giant problems with one
with eggs okay please do not spark in
your take outside
ready to get fingered and not the good
kind
so that's is on they had to take my
blood pressures down I thought that
acute older but they have you know me I
guess on nervous back on before you on
then
my blood pressure was good to a low type
of blood pressure so it's also carry
them and another one ninety which is
crazy for me and I have my full like
alpha and I had fully eating show
earlier Jane I did oh my god does going
to two hundred still no cause like 188
very exciting I can post camera with
fleshly quality and the daylight I love
it yeah literally just a hooker on a
rodeo drive like literally pretty woman
the hotel they shot that is done that
way and I'm waiting right over
take me exactly guys will get medication
and went back to grow just underwear I
already see as I'm doing I'm calling
myself for the worst at so
it was hot enough over captain I'd like
an actual hooker
I go check on my over look at this
traffic right now it'll take forever no
friends what you think now
chuckles drama the funny how guys got to
chill but at least I forgot the price
and that was drama and then I fell baby
why you have no friends like me and I've
known John wah
the best way to avoid it
thumbs up that's relatable to you which
is kind of bad but makes me feel better
about myself house here is this easter
aisle and CBS I posted everything to
really come up stories and oh my god
this is so cute
anyone at all oh look Rogers art my wall
is Easter candy
so I'm actually so fold them Aaron's
working four full days and what their
inspectors said they want the inside so
cool I really don't have any cups for
Easter basket but yet I want it why do I
want this lamb so bad I really want that
pink bunny tissue looks so cute these
are so cute I want it do I need to find
out if I get it go ahead are born away
the funny ruining a mood today
no no I understand I may have had a few
friends is what the girls would have
single cupcakes and Sam I'm winning a
volley from afar I feel very
accomplished a what's the do at the car
wash banana
I have literally 35 minutes exactly to
fab before completing strappings out I
think a little do it I swear Chumlee
literally destroy the pain simply which
all we showed people exactly Fraser's
body wash not fair assessment
little mini vacations here in California
I hired my little new adopted friends
back there I had to get the whole team
he's alone efficient free biased with
the puppy
I am totally
and rebellion she hid an update Kiki
Wainwright Brantly up here
about that mmm anyways :
steroids and vaginas and good yeah that
doctor is actually pretty good fingering
not gonna lie
can we are in Manhattan Beach hello
someone happy Tom all over there
you look very fashionable very stylish
women happy trash and we are having
dinner it's the rest of Sam we had a
park a little far away but a block it's
guava plus in LA you have valet it's one
second I'm so sore from dancing in my
thighs hurts so bad not going to one of
those classes yeah I got beat oh here I
want to talk together earth copula
pretty much no okay there's a really
good ice cream place here Manhattan I
really want a guy's turn good had like
ice cream sandwiches like this big I
want it but I don't know couldn't get in
Ross some remedies Italian because this
one we are in Hermosa Beach Oregon Elvis
and Marilyn sixth chakra so cool so that
would be in here today that's cute
jumper some target last night
another fan bambe thank you they were
driving down super dad so are we
comfortable and we're all would it take
so long we're in for most of your day is
your package sir oh this is funny music
one blog entire weekend right I like
those who are shopping along with your
Charlie will be holding some ring so
nice to be on fresh air as like
something to get back to the beach now
