okay so you know have a date from hell
was two days ago play I went out the
party planes up close brother log but
stop machine some in mercedes-benz place
dr. McKee is uncultured well I jumped on
my car and hopefully will lose that
confidence if you see me in my pink car
we're doing good speculative calling oh
yeah how are you good thank you so much
I was so fast
thank you yes thanks happy Trish again
very cessful complicated then call to
blame I did practically I chose when I
write girlfriend is no I know a lot of
throat guy be like Oh Trish's over
friends well I knew I just really love
them but actually walk is about shoes on
my Instagram sorry sorry football thank
you so we can find out answer answer I
can say because she's so cute what hello
hi hey hi so I got to run errands and
it's like less than a mile from the
studio you think that if I just come to
your house now ages just do it before
what do I do
I another drop off so shorts to get
repaired yeah II would take a minute
yeah I'm in stock tell I had a culture
play yet because I gotta get my car I
just I'm just leaving Mercedes right now
to go home okay um yes high fives master
if not they're open till 7:00 maybe a
certain would just drop them off and I
go this my knee okay yeah whatever works
for them to get it repaired or anything
they're probably gonna take like a week
so is it walking distance or to do is it
like
I mean technically it's walking distance
I could walk there
either way all right all figured out
just come over I guess I'm just heading
home now so okay all right are you guys
something over now yeah where are you
we're okay all right yeah Bobby home I'm
going to call triple-a now on my way
home so they can meet me there
we'll probably be there at like 1:30
fine okay I'll talk to you soon all
right who is Dancing with me today oh
you have to saw I mean hello what's up
gorgeous oh hi hi sweaty
yes we are doing drop that K it's a
really hard for a graffiti that we could
do this we sat on center stage so it was
let's see ready
that was practice yes that's good yeah
yes oh my god she was so nervous I don't
once we danced like dance class so long
though I was like in third grade
yeah she doesn't dance along I'm so
proud of you we just started our
esteemed teacher what's this bathroom
already so we're dancing today together
we'll see how this goes so far so good
all right all right Sonny show us the
torque you want to do do the down where
you that's thinking to do that part
could we thought we were just watching
it go can you do it or no yeah oh my god
I'm dying I was so cute cute pickle will
help you a whole model no hey motto
oh hi Marlo I love it I did without you
even when who I look crazy I shot her
body wash my face and my hair looks
insane you guys but I have been using I
stopped training full operating bottle
book I've been a convention past couple
weeks but I have users from the past
year
it is filip be rejuvenated spell early
for dry and damaged hair and scalp my
colorist ease into my color for a while
now
- me instead it's still where we though
and then what does me heard of it huh
Brad would you like but who up but save
me here I love you Rosie your hair is
growing honesty has styled and so much
as clip-ins
like literally I've only been wearing
hoods I'm gonna get my soul we back the
summer but I've only been wearing since
so with the clips in the buff like an
eyelash honor clips in the Bobby's hands
and just peasy and just all around
styling it's hard on my hair but at the
end the night for me to wash my hair so
anyone from here like once a week
sometimes but once every ten days but I
always do it the night before I wash my
hair and it feels so soft it keeps it
really extraordinarily are like miracle
stuff so definitely get it but I am
about to edit for the night so itchy or
my compression garments were like super
itchy still have those on for so they
were like a piece of me now are you sure
you want sup I am getting in to that
cozy little bed otherwise this and all
those lights are off up there when comes
with a button at it I love how to my
computer right now I hope you should
always have a downstairs but I am a
betting and then fall over and go to
sleep so I'm going to edit you guys so
my family is in town this weekend so I
don't know how much we're evolving I'll
plug it all in one blog but you probably
won't see it until next week I've been
pretty up-to-date with these blogs
within a day sometimes the same day I
post so I've been pretty up-to-date but
they'll be a little delayed but
necessarily get busy real quick and so
it's going to be a nice little break and
then it's going to go work work work
because next week I have so much to do
and music video prepping all that one's
desk so see how that goes I'm gonna talk
to you soon here look at the assimilate
that she's today was so much fun I have
hands my family it was amazing my mom
Mandy answer left this time but hasn't
actually she come dance with us she's
had some surgery on her face in such a
general idea Shep stitches and sorry so
I'm gonna focus target I'm until just
eat here my kisses from an oblate the
cheese mmm by days oh wait did I mention
that was hard I got an orange witty
picture stuff no this is moving you can
wait bitch and like pretending I was
annoyed and him thinking it was all over
the orange photos but you know what it
was totally worth it fear of God please
sponsor us said he loves that company
and like honestly I'm at a copycat I
literally like I'm like
like twins cuz he just be looking dress
up like if I would be annoying and young
one that has got Mesa swag he has like a
copy of our guy keep that one
