you guys I am at August Getty Tilly I
think I said that right and you guys
look at GG's dress oh my god it's so
beautiful I'm actually um I'm actually
have like kind of getting fitted for
something I feel so bougie I feel like a
little princess right now I feel like GG
this dress is everything it took two
people to squeeze me into it but I feel
so skinny I'm meeting August is here I'm
meeting with NAT yet I don't know what's
happening I think they're doing a dress
I have no clue I'm really excited
there is a sign and look at this dress
this skirt you guys it's for like a
super full thing we're doing I'm not
really even sure exactly what it is but
I love this so much it's like a giant
skirt so cool there's August I am so
excited I was telling him I'm like this
is so legit cuz we always just like hang
out and party yeah I like doing duct
tape to each other but this is like
which was very designer and I loved it
so much and it's there's so much cool
stuff that I can't even show you guys
but I'm like oh my god this is like so
nice yeah you'll see them soon really
yeah oh my god so cool I'm just working
about it's amazing like the stuff in
here is amazing he has little cupcake
dresses that I love I feel like you
should show those I can show the company
I don't have to show you guys over here
okay you guys look at this cupcake dress
it's so cool could you imagine if this
was pink with like little sprinkles it
would literally be a cupcake oh my gosh
what is this oh that's so cool this
dress is like has anyone worn this
really it's so cool
miss what yeah again the Vicki Fox he
said to huh that's so cool hello love
love this is another GG dress you guys
about to get on there to try on the big
skirt really obsess about skirt I love
this so much
step into it yeah how do you even walk
in it well when she G word she was
wearing
she walked attendant yells you are yeah
that's insane oh my god like you know
like you know except Caesars yeah the
high cotton ones were those watching
watch the video it was fucking crazy
it's on YouTube it's public my red
carpet nightmare cuz like we didn't get
the dress until a that day we had to get
changed in the middle of the fuckin
Street I remember that's the one where
Nats head like the white suit on to
match right yeah yeah she they're going
down yeah that was like their first one
to like crazy that she wore right or go
or the first outfit and then she were
like this person in a way oh she did
yeah we underneath the skirt though
we're not changed literally behind a
rack and like customer service in like
the crafts craft service oh my god I bet
she it's like we film that that I
remember that I have to be at least one
oh my gosh so they're so big and him I
put these on first or after they seem
big they've run really small
I think oh these are the studies they're
doing I meant that he always huge I just
don't I fit in there is ease these are
kind of no go yeah I like these that's a
pomade yeah okay so I don't like right
am I getting
I'm not going journey put them on before
ok get up there put him on yeah okay
yeah jump oh this actually can easy
astragalus well we gotta go to the wall
over what I get these shoes on
oh my god she literally walked in but I
kind of wanted this try this okay should
I go no fair go for sure go over there
I mean we try to try it without the
heels
this is everything that comes
we're just getting down with the tip
lair
okay I've been falling over you missed
it falling down
what do you see by the time the dodging
are you okay guys so
where I just came from fitting with NASA
uh I guess they're so sweet
August dresses Gigi for everything and
Prez Nats it has her own little clothing
line happening and they're so sweet
they're the head of Murphy this party is
so randomly on Super Bowl Sunday and
it's called treasure Tricia and that's
made a flyer everything I'm like so
confused and what's happening but I like
love it and they like are literally
dressing me and everything I'm like oh
it was like so much fun
I feel like a little princess I just
love them so much I love hanging out
with them they're like literally make me
feel like I'm part of their family so
that was a lot of fun ok guys sorry
could you off so quickly I was about to
go into this place called Palm Beach tan
in West Hollywood like I was like oh
maybe I'll try and go check anybody
wants to because I have a really spin up
I've been having a complex about my pale
legs and I sprayed him but I sprayed him
like twice a week and I just feel like
my legs just don't keep a tan and I've
been really self-conscious but I thought
maybe if I carved my face I mean it's
really not good for me and maybe it was
a sign my ears are buzzing because I
went into this palm beach tan and I was
like helping me whatever like well it
was busy in there when I first got in
there is that hold on and I'm really
busy so he's like cleaning the beds and
getting people in the beds fine okay
cool
like they're in there performing oh
thank you
thank you nice to meet you but yeah in
Canyon oh nice guys just worked out yeah
I look like a little jacked
my life thank you Joe nice to meet you
well that would be happy so I shouldn't
even complain cuz I'm gonna be so happy
um no so you helping people in before me
whatever imma batteries must say well
I'm sorry sure like he gives me then he
gives me the rundown since my first time
in there talking about the beds or
whatever and then this girl like a girl
that I would consider like gorgeous
because she's blonde big boobs big lips
skinny um she's just like um excuse me
he just gave me a my boyfriend's waiting
for me and like in the middle of like
art art like me trying to like sign up
and he's like oh yeah sure and just like
he'll have to redo all this and like or
like or he's like oh you don't mind like
I have to redo all this and like that
was getting her in first yeah I don't
know to me I felt rude I left I was like
really like you were dismissed I'm gonna
do a monthly membership and like it took
forever to park and I'm on a meet her
you know what I mean like I just I don't
know I thought it was rude is that rude
I know moving up I don't know let me
know anyways it doesn't matter I'm over
it
I was just kind of annoyed as like if
I'm gonna leave
Ennio anything I'm annoyed because to me
I had to cancel my piece of card that I
use for everything so I only have like
discover and like paying this meter was
hard and like all is like that so I just
feel like I'm just annoyed a I can just
know it overall
we will try another tanning place maybe
that tank place wasn't for me I don't
know I mean I'm kind of a bad mother but
I had a really great time with the fight
it was so freakin funny that's that's
cracks in the other two I texted her and
August is so funny he was gonna go dance
when we think of this Palm Beach Chan
whatever I guess yeah I guess it's gonna
take a while for him to send me up maybe
that's why he took her she's like I'm
not a thing too but it's like we had
already like had like a few minutes
rapport you know what I mean
whatever I know white girl problems
first world problems
whatever I'm sorry best time to really
put you guys on for children I'll leave
it in whatever all right you guys we're
about to get paparazzi it's working
everything so we've been planning well
no he literally texted me and also by
the way you'll see in my blog before
this yesterday I was like on a drug I
was like drug yesterday so what do you
say but when you text me is like drugged
and I had no idea but I knew it was you
and I don't want to say no because you
some think if you don't want you know
like no no I went to today I always want
to collab with you and then I was like
so I didn't know what we were doing say
until I read the technically oh we're
getting hot right so anyways that's I
know I know because he is able to get
the paparazzi to follow him like I
couldn't even call the paparazzi to
follow this imagery no I emailed the
epigram and Twitter and he vitally
replied like three hours later I thought
I was getting ghosted was he excited
though I mean he seems by he's like
short but he's very prompt he's early
yeah yeah we're we're ready for the
shoot well he's photographed people like
Tyler Oakley yeah I just thought it was
weird because he literally told me to
meet him at Alfred coffee and that's
where Tyler Oakley got paparazzi so I'm
wondering if stars call paparazzi
however they just come here knowing
paparazzi will hang out because where I
get paparazzi I've been paparazzi before
it's always at places like Charlotte
instance where like Kylie Jenner goes
you know I always feel like so maybe
that's why I feel like that's where in
lemonade I got paparazzi one time so I
feel like that's you just gotta go to
the baby I love it so much and I was so
excited her first like collab yeah I was
nervous I was like Shane are you gonna
feel weird if I reach out to Trisha
issues he's like no I think she's gonna
reject me for sure
oh really I would think you would pay
that my birthday because we always have
my collabing of my camera with me I just
wanted to I wanted to wait for the
perfect moment I thought I was
irrelevant because I'm like Tyler Oakley
reviews keep going down like he was at
least relevant at one point I never was
I know we love we love Tyler Oakley yeah
he actually does need to say that liquid
jet when he is like oh he films even
pilots yeah yeah I have known against
any youtubers I'm glad you're gonna do a
part two why youtubers hate me for real
you're gonna say no so that's why I
added at the end of my text I was like
honestly don't feel bad saying now I was
like I could probably just like get
somebody else when you know this is my
chance is my one chance and I mess it up
with vlogging TMI this is my nobody
what's a blog with me a good big mouth
anyway so we're gonna go get paparazzi I
don't know what you were you work as you
said but well this is like his bujji's I
get every day these are like tuna dollar
front to you pants by Rihanna I was
gonna go shopping and like get something
bougie I have like my Bujji is backpack
yeah that's blue John yeah and I got my
Versace so I think I think we're ready
to be popped oh my god I don't know I'm
not this kind of person so I'm like I
don't know what to do are you in it cuts
the video and yours are we gonna have to
find the video online oh no I'm gonna
cut to it you can cut commit to why not
uploading vlogs on footage okay I'm down
I'll leave mr. Ryland cuz he's the one
that gets all the views so yes you'll
find Oceania this is just like 80,000
views on Trevor
okay there's violence sex in the
paparazzi
I'm finding out where he is he's finding
out who we walked in and I literally was
like I feel like everyone else do you
feel like I feel like we just walked in
and everyone's just like oh yeah and
imputable it's like oh my god they're
all waiting so we're gonna get our
coffee like Britney Spears I feel like
she or should we not yet
I think we should do a coffee ball so
what's the story yeah this is to
Instagram where the inherence is so cool
I have no idea oh maybe it's like a
little like gift shop it's so pretty
this is what the key room looks like
it's all pink in there I know we need
Instagram pics for sure Oh Joe we have
you guys we just got fake paparazzi but
there's like a real paparazzi over there
in that gray car that was crazy you saw
them right he's still thinking fuck
already stop oh my god no there was like
a big okay first of all that was true
she's your name isn't so much I know I
know
no but then I thought about excite make
jokes all the time and I was like oh my
god like there goes my youtube channel I
was like making jokes I was like oh my
god I was so nervous and every time I
get nervous I instantly go to be like
mean and like shocking and I'm like wait
wait this is not good stop it I don't
know oh shit Rylan well you did good I
was nervous
I didn't know good are ya you were like
answering questions he like knew
everything about you like I was kind of
like nervous well of course and of
course you bring up Logan Paul I
should've been like Tessa Brooks he just
said no comment no comment no comment it
was weird it was it was weird that was
weird but then we got real paparazzi and
that's even weirder come to you I wonder
where those were surface no I know they
just go in like random websites that's
crazy we're actually smokers you can
actually I'm dad
well you've been paparazzi before but
now with you this is like duo celeb I
love it
are we going this way where's the tea
room oh it's this way yeah we're into
another Instagram spot hey guys it's
been a long day and I'm just getting
around editing you guys now I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog I wanted to say
goodbye cuz everything now I just say
goodbye at the end of my vlogs
especially when I'm editing and I also
give some final thoughts and the Jerry
Springer's final thoughts but no um so
basically I just wanted to say first and
foremost well you'll see in an upcoming
vlog where we're at the dress we we're
at Super Bowl Sunday so I know I'm a
little bit behind because I was started
in these vlogs I've been lazy
cuz I've been happy okay um and also I
wanted to say go check out Rylands video
cuz I'm not kidding Rylan gets crazy
views it's not about the views I love
Ireland so much but like his channel
does well he's very good at editing I
like wish I could add it the way he does
he's he's awesome he's phenomenal this
was like such a fun thing to be a part
of and I was super happy so much like
he's he's really just like one of the
most genuine people ever met like like
without a doubt not just even like
genuine YouTube like genuine person so I
love him he's always so sweet to me in
kind and on that note I just want to say
if you guys haven't figured out like my
shtick which I'm kind of trying to get
away from is I even kind of just say
like stuff that's shocking and
outlandish and sometimes when I'm like
my comedy can like maybe like hurt
people's feelings I don't say especially
with like the childhood cliched I have
nothing against Tyler Oakley at all like
in fact he responded to we shaded him a
little bit in the thing like I don't
really love shading though you don't
even mean like I don't really like when
people shade me so it's it was all met
and like jokes and fun Tyler Oakley
there's hey like I said you you still
get views you're still king no matter
what happens you're still iconic I don't
know why I'm putting this disclaimer but
like you don't I mean I guess I'm so
used to people shading me and I just
take it and it's just like I just look
at it as all jokes and stuff like that
that's what it is I just
that disclaimer is seeing things look
and Paul I don't know him and like you
know to me and I get it because people
will get me this way two youtubers are
kinda like people who don't like but
they're like characters they're not like
people so I don't want to want to get
upset or offended or thinking move bitch
I'm crazy but I'm not a bitch so anyways
I love you guys
just take it they were all jokes like I
said I I've literally been the most you
relevant youtuber I've been on I've been
having this channel this vlogging
channel for seven years - ten million
subscribers you know I mean I've been on
YouTube for like 11 years and I just
have been 3 million and like I only get
like 10% of you so like i when i shade
people like it's literally like people
always doing better than me - even when
I did my stand up and I was like shading
grace for having a show I ended up
shading myself in it being like well she
has an e show and hearing I'm doing a
stand-up trying god knows what you know
any and so it's that but I don't I don't
love shade but I don't know sometimes I
think it's funny like I said I even
think it's funny when people do it to me
I didn't something today a you've seen
an upcoming vlog and did like a talk
show run-through where I was getting
shaded a lot where sometimes I was
interviewing the famous people and like
Oh Tricia you were never interested and
they're like no I said famous people you
know what I mean like I can take the
piss out of myself - very British out
there anyways I love you guys
love Rylan go leave him lots of love on
his video and the paparazzi pictures
everyone finds them tweet me after she
paid us or Instagram me at risk love
guys I'll see you soon
