okay so I started editing the blog
that's going up tonight and for tomorrow
I'm gonna upload it and otherwise finish
off or I guess start off this blog
because I think I make the separate I
just don't want it oh I wonder the
negative energy to carrots for tomorrow
or the next day like I had today from
hell so the photo shoot went really well
I actually is like really well usually I
don't really love doing photo shoots for
like nothing I don't love them but
sometimes they can be exhausting by the
time you get your hair and makeup done
mmm let me get your hair makeup done and
you know setting up lights I don't know
I'm reading up like firstworldproblems
to me I don't love like of all the
things I do photo shoots are my least
favorite I like a love music videos
I love seeing like a glam phone oh
that's a good five minutes to do selfies
all that said I love quite like an
actual photo shoot so what I'm imposing
and I'm just it doesn't come naturally
to me so anyways it was fun though today
was fun was the point because I really
enjoyed myself which I don't always like
loved so today I want to have fun
Wow Angela looks an uber back because
his boyfriend had a car had his car so
are there firm and so he's going to back
up it coming I'll take you like
literally was so close to me and I just
you know I love him so of course I've
been taking home um thank God I did so I
go and I take my keys out and I was
going to unlock the my car and like I
can't find my keys I'm like oh my God my
car keys missing which is so crazy
I never detach my car key from my keys I
Oh like he's our huge I have a big house
I be like what's happening
so my everywhere I had liposuction is
itchy errands examples compression
garments oh gee so it was so weird I
look at I'm like this is so weird and I
just I gone out the night before last
night and took a club the clubs in West
Hollywood with some people I didn't know
so well and you don't wear anything too
much of them I'm like well that would be
weird for someone to take my car key
well then I noticed
that a Mercedes Clark he is like a key
fob the sort of thing and there's a
metal part inside and there's like a
plastic key fob over that is the part
you actually put into cart and turn it
and absolutely unlock and lock it but
you need that silver part in there as
well for it to work and pretty sure I
always turn it on I don't know what the
locking and unlocking part which is like
a little weird that I would be missing
and so he said he thought of stolen
money that maybe someone you think
probably took it and I said well today
take like half a key and rose but to
steal it like oh I don't know if they
could steal it with that and I'm like if
you do steal my car it's a very obvious
car that's very easy to spot I'm pretty
sure someone would spot that car you
know what I mean under if you try to
sell the parts of something or
discombobulate it like it's it's very
distinct you know anything so I can be
weird for someone to want to steal that
also trying to get caught I don't know
and then it's also like why would they
just see Jackie and I my house key or
the full key or my wallet or my cameras
or my phone you know what I mean why
would they take that so hey I truly feel
like it wasn't taken I know like
everyone in my life it is stolen I did
drop my keys while playing on the
staircase and I may be a broke it's just
a weird that it would slide off it's
like a Mercedes isn't like cheaper kind
of cheap I'm not there like a thing on
here I keep seeing at the shadow so I
went and retraced my steps down the
stairs
they weren't there I called my office
they weren't there called the back gate
they weren't there and so yeah so
basically I have a given so so I call
mercedes-benz and I'm like hey like I'm
using new Kia and how do I get this made
they're like well you need this the
service was very list three things you
have and I didn't have either of them
one of them being the registration and
the registration is obviously I have it
but it's in the car and the car is
locked so we also ordered the DMV to get
it I'm like oh my god I don't want to go
to the DMV sorry if this story is boring
you guys and especially I sent it out
cuz I'm just over it
so I don't know whether to be so we just
go down and angels like cuz annual still
here with me you know like one year
great to be here for a lot of it he's
like well let's just go see if there's
like a whole lot you can they actually
put the key in and turn nice I don't
think there is well there happened to be
one on my side we did put in a hole in
his it was like push it and turn it
kinda everywhere get open to get the DMV
well the alarm starts going off and my
lights start flashing I was like great
so the alarm is going off it looks like
we're like well actually I'm gonna go
back upstairs so I don't want people to
think like he was like breaking into my
car so thinks I stay down with him
because they wanted to be like it smells
going to call me like the alarm goes off
or something like that and that's me
upstairs writing this thing down and we
got the registration out was just a good
thing and he did get the the honk the
alarms to stop by putting like the
little like half key part in there and
then but we couldn't lock it and then we
understand out how to lock it but every
time we would open it back up it would
you know if we were going to search for
something or trying figure out how to
turn these like my lights are still
flashing and we make the alarm rise
again so anyway so then we use so that's
a registration I call Mercedes they say
take two three days for you to look are
you kidding me so I call triple-a hoping
they can tow it there but they can't
tell without the key I did not do a good
job do you hope they don't can't tell
what that the key and I'm sorry guys
this is so boring apply so it's boring
but they can't talk about the key and I
was like well okay what like okay
because I wanted a sequel to the
Mercedes place would be in a nice safe
location because we just end up getting
it locked the lights are flashing so
like literally like I mean the battery
will die and they basically after one
and like you have the battery's gonna
die so basically when I get my key but
so anyways ago so the triple
hand-raising a locksmith can't do those
kind of cars I guess or whatever cuz
took like called a locksmith person
right but I can't do that so yeah so I
ended up just uber into Mercedes Benz by
myself and I had some AI registrations
that was good and they're like three
eighty five dollars for a new key and
I'm just going to pee so like I don't
want go through this again and so got
that we're back and yeah it was just
like crazy because like I don't know
maybe that's not that crazy I just got
like it's just like weird to think about
like where did I drop it my that's
stupid I feel like I would have heard it
you know it's just like just going
through this like without someone to
like it's okay I'll take care of it for
you
let's like the hardest part of this life
but anyways oh it is what it is I need
to get something big of a deal like then
I got home and I have a little like a
dance video when a time you swim it
makes my stomach hurt I do need to watch
my eat butter I mean people comment all
the time and like in the comments and I
could get it I was doing good and I kind
of fell off a little bit and I'm just I
have issues with food I do and I've
gotten so much better oh my god like I I
do give myself credit fun so much better
without binging with us tonight I just
got noodles I didn't get like a whole
meal or like five meals like I normally
do I just got some noodles and some
noodles noodles um and yeah I mean that
was kind of my day just kind of all you
know sometimes I just feel real to
seated that was one of the things
sometimes they feel like I'm drowning in
life and sometimes I feel like I'm just
like winning it life and today was one
of those days later so I was drowning
and drowning further and been like that
for a few days not a bad mood or
anything in spring oh my god where's my
wife like trying to like stay afloat in
like the sense of just animals that make
sense when doesn't make sense but in my
head it does that's what it gets us all
that matters so anyways I am like oh I
got a workout tomorrow I'm just like
well I get a dance on Wednesday but I
need to work out tomorrow and I probably
want to walk tomorrow because and I'm
not doing anything really just let me
work out something those are not fun
days so otherwise see you guys Wednesday
when I get my keys hopefully oh because
I asked Mercedes if I could they could
overnight if I'm wrong I could get there
but not a guarantee
it's supposed to be Iranian Wednesday
I'm sweet dancing at 2:00 Wednesday
meeting without my sister gonna come
dance with me which will be fun but um
anyways push yourself a search every
damn well since none that texted me
today that would pissed me off but save
that for another day another dollar
and there's our harvest dresses just
were happening at the end of the day
that's just a second as long to say to
be over
thank God it is I don't know my life
they're still flashing and also draws
attention accorded my lights are
flashing which is not great Farrah if
someone took the key of you really weird
I think it just fell off which I don't
know how because I have my feet all day
i retrace my steps in the day hi
it to lock my door so I would have heard
it fall I'm pretty like sensitive to
that stuff so I am tire you guys I'm
gonna go to bed
I'm side of the block for the day here
had a primal vlog the day after will
you'll see this why the day after but
like the actual day after I find out my
vlog so I'm just completely soaked with
what I said was vlog and also just keep
an eye out cut the footage it was really
good it was like it was like 2 to 4 days
it goes a high high eye and a low low
low in one day so that plan clean easy
like a mess but other guys and I will
talk to you guys soon and they'll be a
bundle over tomorrow or the next day
don't we do it mmm nice issues
