before but I feel like with the wig
doing his little kick
oh sure I just does he of course he
heard about is that girls alone super
driver boyfriend is going out town so
he's going out of town for like a week
or something and she's doing like uber
that day and she goes to the airport to
pick someone out and she overcome any
way she picked up the girl and the girl
gives to the address like Popeye what
kind of look there what and she gets
there she's like wait you live here
because of course I mean like you know I
guess play anywhere wasn't it's just
arriving there so she's like what uh
what room are you going to which is a
little bit of an invasive question but
it's a trim I should go into that she's
one days pot so she wait until he comes
down to get her luggage from him and
totally blows up on and then into relief
and the realizes she took the girls
luggage with her so she had to bring it
back but she caught him cheating because
she drives her really I know we know
what happened a lot actually I feel like
that would be how did you know that
sorry Maria
I was born in traffic tickets done
playing my ukulele I think it also
please help me succeed
these alele not really visible I think I
think I'm glad you said that I mean no
no you should this is a specific you're
like hunched over
I know pretty cool yeah it's really
pretty
I like that airline with your eyes the
hairline it's not really hair I like a
sequin line oh no I kind of figure out I
like try and think of what paralyzed
other kinds of things
don't cut me know what I said to you
last night I was scared you're gonna cut
me
oh yeah just keep your eyes closed you
know Houston
the dating game is a little bit tricky
having worked with you though Joseph
because sometimes I think people just
want to ask me about you know really
how's it happened for sure
that is so funny that's so awkward on
like a date what I guess I bring that
with you as a noise like what seem like
what's this whenever I was out date with
you I don't think at the appetizer you
what I'll have to come up with like all
these hilarious fake stories so they
don't have to tell them anything like
personal yeah Cheers I feel like I tell
people that I'd like you to tell people
that you can eat soup and the building
I'm being so serious is that camera
right now I'm asking me I've told people
that jokingly that you sort is for quote
as what oh my god
but then I forget to finish the story
later yeah so they actually get
surprised close a few weeks later when I
realize it and then we haven't been
talking about it for like a few weeks
like oh thank you so funny so random
which wouldn't be the works offices for
dude
maybe I got go-go dancer well it's just
I don't know I mean like I know a girl
go through it from that side of it and I
think you guys are fine you really hard
for me to get super super on the table
yet you know movie games them the glam
of the day Angelo a shilling oh look it
I love it you're always likes of whimsy
okay okay so this is our first look this
is really great what should I wear for
the glam photo
um no so you'd like something more
simple since it's so yeah so much like
me actually wear like white or something
white or black and so hard to know what
like casual or like dressy doesn't like
those waters paranoia fear still doesn't
it I've had no single let's go my eating
my salad all right hello toxic moment
right now oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I there
we're back with another photo shoot
inside of Trish's house we are
professional doctors with pressures
going operational
angels' just casually building a chicken
singer platter for I'm gonna uncover
secrets like Mego we're planning the new
master of chicken tenders our oh my god
did you met yep
$5,000 the angel comes along with it
salt they over here chicken finger babe
that's him right now everyone goes and
instagram and hashtag to the convenor
because that's literally what you are
right now look at him with his ponies do
I need a memory okay so I think you can
figure out my camera powers going in and
out um being charming my blame which is
really cool yummy
um it's going in and I was going in and
out of focus and I had it in old
different milk so I can't even watch you
guys I am getting ready to edit vlog oh
there's just a naked butt of treasure
just hanging there
turn around not distract you guys but
everyone seen that already something
that's true single girl status I'm
eating Tom Reed and watching some
lifetime to just online tonight his last
night was really crazy night wet today
with a day from hell but I'm actually
going to go upstairs and edit this brief
life I can get this up and then I'm
going to tell you what my day for haul
in tomorrow's vlog because it'll be from
today I just don't want to like the
first half of this day was really really
fun and I just don't want to like and
I'll bring it down because honestly
afterwards it was like the shittiest day
Wang Hao yeah
I mean alright not like my world is over
but Catherine my carb gonna look really
really bad and basically my car is left
to be done left for dad right at the
moment um what it only sees to do and
I'm makeup so
all right not really a long story but
just a bummer I'm such a headache
I had glass of wine I'm like or
attorneys Bloom should eat Chinese food
cuz I was just like so over it
I just know so many reasons I hate being
alone this is one of them mm-hmm and
then yoga mat I'm just eating alone well
that sucks too but dealing with all this
shit alone ain't no moral support
so I'm gonna happier love the very
upstate right now right as you guys are
seeing belongs within make a day and
well tooth was walking behind me
anyways Alex Lee I might add this I
don't know from bed I'll explain a
little more I'm putting about a blog but
I was enjoys behind-the-scenes bullshit
supposed it was so much fun
photoshoot was so much fun and I'm going
to reveal what they were for
what the are for there's a lot of
different photos we just she'll see you
soon enough
I think I love you guys no one
abundantly so anybody loved it
I'm gonna go edit free wise miss Kim and
I will talk she also cucumber hmm
