hey guys what's up thinking recording
studio a 5:30 a.m. I didn't want to
desert just giving here we are still
working on this elbow you guys like
iPhones but the heart soul I'm very
picky we've gone through a couple songs
that we scratch wow this is the first
time first time worth being blown up
let's see you texting me but someone I
can share with you
new creature and leaving I'll be dark a
cemetery can be late
the inside the lobby of the recording
studio my engineer worked on this elbow
Danny on and this is what to say at
number one I make it accidentally at
number 18 but I went to number one not
yes between generica some my outfit of
the day I'm literally Riviera still
going on to cover my nips certainly in
my pajamas still I'm really confident my
hair is looking ratchet because F danced
around but I get full beard it's kind of
like the inside and recording share this
is like where one of those trees are
that's what I normally record in hiding
stop wait a big bottle of water done
I'm pretending to vlog for Instagram
photo ren√©e's to keep movement
I'm actually like vlogging we're like
not vlogging and like closing do I look
well how do I love to look gross are you
saying that because you're shy like
straight
you think it's not easy to look like
crazy
I think if you sit like this yeah just
right okay
how do area and area you run my
boomerang take em all right you're gonna
move around you ready yeah thank you
showing you the best YouTube us okay I
guess Oh your nose I only stopped in my
legs I need a picture
awesome now rather a great gym okay guys
I know I always say I'm gonna vlog doing
plan and wouldn't try my best today but
if nothing else here's like a before
so this is before no makeup what hair no
extensions and there's like my go cheap
land hazards so dock where someone wears
those glamorous robes I like this
because it allows me to air out my
armpits and you get the makeup at all
around the chest area so I can blend
obviously they say blend down your neck
but I think my chest blended I'm always
a multicolored weird lighting pattern I
know I look blue with gosh I was like in
the court so yeah I don't know I have a
show my boobs works by before my boobs
more dancing to Ed Sheeran shape of your
head
super exciting super sexy sort of
dancehall vibe which I never do a dance
hall was until Cedric he teaches dance
hall classes look really excited about
it so yeah we're doing and glam because
you guys I actually remember before I
walked out that this to do my aster okay
so he's not it was my after by the way I
think any anger management problem in
life so I texted back because um this
person that texting forgot something
today and he's like Oregon I'm and he's
like don't mind me please and like lol
we've all 7s like I am mad like I'm so
pissed I'm so annoyed and now he keeps
texting me being I'm actually am because
I usually would be bad or also my good
friend really not friend literally gonna
see him like later on today so I'm just
gonna let him to get mad but I would
like this before no it's gonna be no
right yeah this is like really cute I
love this outfit that's like
it's connected in the back so it's like
super sexy Manhattan Beach today I want
my sister my mom to the shopping at that
store so I got I love it it's like so
comfortable and really really cute so
okay I'm late I'd article okay so you
guys want to know the story like I was
lying you I was like this person I was
texting my neck said something like I'm
so annoying whatever I'll a story so me
and Cedric have matching hoodies and I
copy him completely a keyboard I love it
he had just got a brand new right when I
do make music videos and I'm getting it
in for the music video and look so fly
and pop them and I thought on him oh you
look fly I'm hoping so I got the same
one exactly so see like told me exactly
where you got it from something exact
same one and I've been wanting to wear
at the same time but you know me Ella
messing with anybody and everybody who
matched me and of the green today and I
start behind like three times yesterday
and then like even like last week
dimension it's like I sent a lot of time
and so he's actually like an hour and a
half before word since the dance which
I'm like on my way she now
and he's like mmm whatever were texting
back and forth December 10 outfits
dancing because I don't really know my
look for today normally have a like a
clear vision here I don't but that's
okay um so as I don't forget your orange
hoodie this is like an art form he's
like babe I like already live like fog
like I'm so sorry I stopped and that
that when I said like I need let's do it
Wednesday cover dancing Wednesday I
would oversee him every day if I don't
do it Wednesday and I was like no over
it can't be over me and vlq I was like
no I'm so annoyed I'm so pissed off but
like to me when I said it like I really
was joking and I'm the co-host get the
sarcasm I'm sure but then I forget my he
he's seen my episodes like he knows I'm
a little bit of a crazy bitch but it's
like oh my god it was just really a
picture I just wanted a cute answer a
picture of us where I need more entities
yeah and so I was like oh hell no I'm
not doing about that because it's not
something like are any of my other like
breakdown the fries are usually sparked
by something things like oh yeah sorry I
kind of knew like you know but obviously
didn't warrant like a breaks down from
here like a freak out for me but he said
oh yeah that was kind of but this was
like effing in Vegas I would be an
Instagram picture like you think you're
really gonna freak out over something
like so I felt bad I he actually thought
cuz then he said he actually texted me
and I don't know if I was before after I
think was after I so I've logged at home
and he's like craving one of the home
I'm like I'm going to over and get my
honey and he was like he looks pretty
far I was like half our way and I think
I got like no and I'm like Addington
that had sound like I'm kidding oh my
god like I thought it was a kind of
audience but apparently not I feel bad I
mean it's when he goes in the laughing
out here's really cool Ricky was really
bankruptcies just like maybe someone's I
love you like I literally would have
gone home and I'm like oh my god like I
hope you don't think I'd get that crazy
that psycho over an Instagram both old
and cops are out you see situation they
don't think it being Vic Ulis
there is something happening and we are
in this Jewish neighborhood so you never
see like cops around here because they
don't really ever do anything bad
oh yeah I loading up cam ranh right now
oh damn are we seeing this are you
seeing it doesn't even happen a person
was like
I'm kind of so crazy
but just yell out I don't even know what
happened because the person's car was
like turn the other way as if they were
coming down this way but if you
absolutely 11 a.m. on a Sunday morning
like you're kind of you guys saw it
hopefully to try and figure it out I'm
you traffic was I held up earlier this
is busy street just like would it be
held up like this in the morning
crazy oh my god anyway I felt so bad
that was I had you not joke because I
want you when you are a person I have
loved breakdown Jeannie and I joke that
you're actually getting work done
actually post good and I have another a
wild study but like Beverly on I push
people away but I really really love
people care about the one what I love
him so much Hendrick is like just like
such a good person and I connect with
him so much that like you know I get I
get scared not not even like it not like
a romantic way she obviously but like
even so I just want to get close to her
like a friend I just I get scared that
they're gonna like hurt me or something
and I was like crazy but anyhow yeah
that was my morning so yeah I'm off
dance we are dancing to a very current
song well her to me I've always liked
months behind all these trends respond
at email like in January I guess she
loved you I'd Sharon but what I found it
was like March I still can't dance I
really always really weren't dancers
they just love the virus and will affect
me when I like to see it from a holistic
review interest you guys know me I let
my throwback songs web this is like the
most current when I have done so see how
those sorry lumpy of cameras on triggers
and that's the French pastries we are
back with this is funny you're so far
away from me - I know no that's good I
stink know you so that you always know
that whenever I don't send me no one in
you put some before your point look at
all your forgive your eggs in this day
ya know that nuts like this we
anticipate he has not 38 and there's a
cloth bathroom boogy boogy koala Ford
Regency is Bob Ford I have to focus
well how much work your egg because I
thought I was accusing you
have them in like it was so cute he
brought rocks with love word will days
where I never seen anyone generations to
join till 7:00 yeah no no that was cute
look at that how many love them in a
just last bag so healthy in detail and
look what I did see and you can try the
big job what is it pretty good I smell
that is it did you make it
yes what is that it's a coating flour
pizza no crust is cooking flour as I'm
happy yeah that's like a going it's like
a pizza all right yeah cauliflower I got
hot flowers actually I hate love it you
know what is this exactly I just read
rallies earth they can to crack the
inside oh my god I look like you go
healthy now hello are yeah I never get
excited he was fronting off this is this
is actually German but it's huge in
Europe and it's like literally the best
fuck the best fucking shop as never la
as I use yours in Europe yo junior up I
love it I just like the first fucking
chocolate I am of course we need a
little bit before you have all your
healthy sacrifice on the right topic
before we dance your leftovers I'm
electable doesn't me I suppose I have a
pit I have one that I did Riley
surprising with French right piece o
shit such as is most one I am so excited
to try it because recording so many of
you look like KitKat have you had a mare
ninja cat we of course is that look like
or not oh my god no like yeah I loved it
yet I'm not going to cat fan but this
better is the shell it'll say I can't
look at that
that's all wait for it because this is
real chocolate
mmm oh my god I never saw another kinder
is it like what's inside of it sounds
like home oh well it's milk
oh but actual milk that's part yep I
mean it's like it's like milk chocolate
good it's like so melty oh yeah and they
have like so different like so many
different sizes this is like the orbit
this is the audience is like the very
rotor like it's so good this was amazing
we don't have it here well yeah you can
find it but it's hard to find like if
you have it like in those Armenians gas
station Armenian mmm mmm because it I
can know that Canada is not from Europe
but like all the things but like they
have like overseas not mothers I love
your accent over secretly I'm like more
of this stuff oh my god you have it that
what the calls are one of the gross
whole market really yeah uh well Margot
warmonger did you shop there for your
triangle changer really Mordechai laughs
Monica I love you so much it was like
honestly the best kid ever he had tell
me about these chocolates and honestly
they're like milk I thought you liked
warm it up and he's like really looks
more like a chocolate more than a second
oh my gosh no this is mean I'm going to
eat the whole pack thank you and now I
can stamp it off Matt your favorite
drinks and start book yeah I remember
what that is because that's the order or
dancing current oh my phone number I
told him the note loves me okay ask you
I told him about me um saying like how
you thought I was like actually mad at
Mike you guys I feel so bad I literally
was hung I'm like oh my god I feel so
bad he thought I was being serious but
she was mom did you really yeah so bad I
don't wonder I don't know you know I was
like ollie which was appointed it was
like I was a good quick I wasn't mad did
I literally I'm so annoyed over cuz it
will do it went in but nope over it
don't want to do it it was what I'd be
like that
I was mad do you think I'd really be
like that no I don't know
sometimes I'm a little bitchy but not on
a photo I know you know I was like I
just wanted to be happy
what am i cancel money what if I was
like fucking I'm not dancing today I'm
in a bad mood because of this but you
ever met
no well we're not we're going to go Dan
look at Canada what you haven't taught
us a letter yes I love this shirt now
luckily its academic tree
hmm JSX nine bucks and I was like oh
it's like lose and it was good to dance
perfect I love it and you look so hello
hi Ron a little bit of a dance break
this is my rehearsal outfit I got my
Kylie sweats on the champion sweat and
then I got this really cute dance top
online especially a sports underneath
the second off-the-shoulder thing cute
right so we're rehearsing I'm on with
shape of you come on be my baby come
come on be my baby yeah this is where
they rehearse for Dancing with sky love
who oh my god I look crazy so last night
was so rough I got in at 3:00 and is now
6 a.m. it's looking like benches it's
just above me go down took a shower real
quick
she's done oh my god so I didn't blow up
every dreaming so see they can say that
Instagram story real quick
Oh kids right guys it was tagged all
right don't worry
they Jessi recognizing me oh wise I hope
is what the heck man wait is this is
much different than that
I need to get those quotes home I wasn't
going to go out but I have family in
town this weekend and I could just after
work and work and work in a wide in the
auto vault at home I don't understand I
don't understand this oh so again
looking to us against nothing I'm doing
family set this again to help you so I
can't really do stuff like get up on out
get wasted not always jobs right
I'm surviving not where I'm going to be
honest so happens after after eating
kids ready I'm in it that one ready I'm
ready for the photo shoot we had to do
it early too because we could have a
McGrath leave so I'm going to win it
all other bothered at retail I am not
sure what I'm feeling with it there's
like no autofocus option you know what
the rap night I think these are the vlog
what end this vlog because it's all the
same day sitting under this log here and
checked ownership blog the next vlog I
mean I know diet I don't look too bad
for did it blocked out like drunk last
night kept my shit together
is this good other fuckin rational no I
lose my photo shoot and I got to live
and do it that's not it for today and
then tomorrow I can have the day off and
I get to look at the news for my
birthday on my performance and my dinner
with my more you cleaner clash breaking
are / Fred I'm really excited now Liam
should be here soon I love you guys
enjoy my wild night out
I'll have the quotes here so
mara
you
