hey what's up you guys oh my god I so
nervous
this morning I was doing idea Monterey
slam I know the last blog ain't like
anyone if your book first I agree but I
never blog during land which is so great
because we have so much fun I might go
to so early like I end up like I get up
at 5:00 a.m. to like shower and shave
and let something like they come at like
6 a.m. I think it's like so early and we
all have a lot of fun lot energy I just
adapt well I'm going to include log
during limbs more often is so which one
is like actually like one of the
highlights on my whole day like when I
get glammed up like that's one of the
finest parts for me it because it's like
good energy and stuff but I actually I
honestly just forget it's not that I
feel awkward because they're like
seriously like your mic this is famous
as it's like so common your gland people
become ereference but like no for really
it was because I'm something loves the
exam it's like my little explores what I
like to do I like getting my hair makeup
done like I feel much better about
myself and I like that um but because
they've been with me now for two years
and like through music videos through
photo shoots through my breakups and
makeups and they just know me so well
and in turn I know them so well because
you know which I'm all they're like
getting marry all this like that and so
I definitely love where there are truly
truly like two of the most important
people in my life
obviously they make me look amazing but
also they just know everything about me
inside now and like support me through
anything even if I'm like in the wrong
for something they're not that they're
like I mean not someone killed someone
oh we support you but like you know I
mean they even if I'm the one being
dramatic like they still there still
team Trish which are super facilitated
with Shane which this is intimidating on
Tyson but you know James I like that too
like he is very rider dive with me like
even if he's like grow again to his call
me on some ship especially I can see you
do like advice using this movie
not like the best thing or you know
he'll call me out but the end of the day
even if he doesn't agree with it
something I do like he still is like he
said that sometimes I always have taking
Trish but he is he's always hashtag
dangerous because you know they're just
sort of you are to think I'm always
gonna have your back you know this is a
completely separate but who absence of
some challenges oh my god so just like
to show you my next music video I don't
think like I should say good I don't
know even II wasn't happened were also
might be like some haters or something
show up but we're shape is really cool
it's a really cool location trying to
store whole like kind of like landmarks
or thing and anyway to do the guy went
in my video he's so good he has such a
busy schedule so it only works like two
days or you could do it and then this
location available shades ahead I'd like
to go with the guy - I want the house I
want the guy the thing is he's just kind
of wishy-washy with his goodness like it
could change and then we just you know
so it's like I'd rather I guess it's a
cool location I would stop by a
different guy which chefs was like maybe
Whedon guys when I actually know he's
actually never done the vlogs but it's
someone that I have known for a while
and so gorgeous and he's very but he's
always like touring and shit so it would
have been really cool to happen but like
house is pretty cool - that we're
shooting at
tuck stand back Elizabeth house I said
that I was like thinking about it cuz
we're trying my own vocations and you
know when you like one local Afghan okay
I'm like acting like everyone knows but
you know just in general I give a house
I think about like perspective of like
you but you need fall in love with
something or even like a dress you fall
in love with something and you're like
heart is set on it and you're like so
excited about it and like something
happens words like I don't know if I can
afford that
or I want to do some tapas lyft driver
this drivers drive so you put it all in
oh you know when you're like selling
something and has to make a judgment I
was I don't have enough tied to a new
class and it's awesome you know to go
with your instinct and same thing I
don't know if you can be able to pull
through with it necklace II don't want
to but just because I feel like you
always debate always kind of like just
crazy stuff and this is one thing about
that that's not an important because
what I do when I go I usually listen to
music and I'm like thinking about a
million things that like I'm like this I
have to have control over everything at
the same time when I like have too much
control on it all on me like my anxiety
gets a little overwhelming and like
let's think about
but I love it I love being busy and I
love it like it's all fun for me because
now I'm back uh-huh
so the best yesterday and I'm really
that's the whole play this lot I'm like
so I can sing sure time I am so nervous
like what a lot of people like not that
like later like anytime I go back in
feeling the first time ever dances
Hedrick I got so much a my video I was
like you saw oh my god like you're
terrible like the see nothing terrible
because I had i dancing like two months
so and it's been almost two months now
my dance and there's not that you lose
it it's just kind of like it's a suspect
rating and dancers are always taking
classes even fresher one I didn't know
the supplies are knowing what special
man there's Basie classes all the time
whether you're going to the pretty
Spears or Madonna or whoever you're
dancing with like you always are in
classes you always have to keep you know
training yourself so that's dancing like
even if you're a good dancer and I'm not
like the bus when I was a decent dancer
and so but that was from being built up
with like doing it for pedals repeatedly
and competitively um and I never stopped
by choice is either obviously back last
year like we'd have a breakup and I join
a tower dancers or you know I had my
boob surgery last year in print dance
for six weeks because that's your actual
it's muscles the time of another surgery
so I've had a lot more surgeries lately
than I normally do I've only had one
surgery clusters in real life before
this past year I ended up having one of
that total eight procedures them or you
cancer so that's like very rare for me
so obviously like I'm not planning on
going under the knife and having that
long of recovery for a very long time
and by the time I need a boob update
and Kobe 10 years and run sweet number
38 and I'd like really really want loops
end up like hopefully God willing I'll
have a family and stuff for the movies
maybe anity won't be as important or as
a top priority so I think all we want to
let them mom's answer this to me in the
comments below whoever you are if your
20 year old one more for your mom or
six-year one how much does your vanity
changed since you became a mom because I
know there's some ones on TV that are
glam
they're like lamb moms and then always I
be glam augs I look good and check my
hairstylist wave at my name's Natalie I
only shoot em wrong vlogs she's in
pictures on Facebook or scroll that
YouTube please we're here to make that
repentance doing way for me
that's a story hi um good story I've
ever got these like really big story
times my but um he like had a she was
pregnant I met her like real pregnant
had her baby and she would be started
with that glam like big blonde hair just
like so many bobby pins and up do them
high lashes and wedges like all the time
and she just like had a baby I was like
what's crazy like I couldn't imagine for
me I mean I'm it's hard enough to keep
myself up as oh by the way you've got
the company's
okay I think you look at my car messin
guys you double take look at me I'm like
up nope I have a tinted window there
literally with a no car anyway
oh good I myself lobby because I'm gonna
get in my zone I'm gonna get in the zone
look I'm so nervous become I don't
really like hey it was magic I haven't
seen him in quite a while
either I'm like so excited we've been
texting a lot like he sent me the
choreography cuz he always does a day
before and video tips been sent to me
and I'm like so excited so 90s boy be on
like Emma fat is like like simple but
like not simple so I'm just like so if
you can see this log one and a few
punches in video first I put those up
pretty quick like usually same day be
nice moves my first time back in like
eight weeks also with a new body you
like the size in different places like
it's so low step a little numb so wish
me luck cuz I'm on Dancing with the
Stars they asked me a Saracen what what
happened
those of you love another board that was
a lot
Ricky was like doing like some magic
shit hi what are you doing do it again
yes whoa john-boy you got my favorite
because you like to sponsor my favorite
people ever no I'm not kidding horses
he's saying that mouth do my Cola
look at our message hey you're my
croissant
what are you watching tricky be hello
Jean Loup the eggplant with the eggplant
you don't know what the Eclair what you
know I know I was better lighting Wow
because you know we play a game with
Turkey what we can't tell you what that
game is no not on camera
my little this is my croissant he's
flaky and buttery like a little
croissant and I'm a full oh oh oh Milan
look how cute any string on me like
you're angry like you were just rating
but then like look at this smile and you
can
like oh right that was thank you yeah
look I can't find boiling more I can get
beside tricky Rosetti
they're just soft both good-looking oh
really Alessio Garn oh hello
okay you guys decide in comments below
yes oh okay guys I just showered my body
and put on a new outfit extras and
promotions to wear a lot of you said
peels and wedges which I think would
have been so super hot because it is a
Friday night but I have these really bad
posters on my feet some of the BLET
shows you guys it's really really gross
maybe don't insert pictures but they're
really really gross and yes I just want
to converse I can wear socks and it's
casual anyways we're just chilling so
ladies CLO TD is cute right these are
from fashion OVA hashtag not spawns but
literally got them with everyone at
swamped by them not this bitch
