okay mini grocery haul i accept some the
stuff in Peter Jo's I'm obsessed I used
to get like five of these at a time but
they go bad within like a few days so I
usually eat like these last about two
and a half three days using my little
snack snack snack and then I want to try
this out this is like on their new
products item online so when tried out
and they're like it I'll get more but
certain still meal and then I dig at
these four little scores I don't even
have all like these I don't even know
what sponge candy is but looks good
those are menu items and then I just had
that like just in case I get a craving
and these just sounded good I'm not
going to have these right now I wish I
was thumb and put seasonally these are
gonna be that little little splurge ones
like and I feel like I've done really
good those are good too look
oh no no sugar those are sugar in it
yeah you can go good okay this is what I
was looking like this morning I'm not
talking about all my groceries all
wrapped up still just kidding so I do
one right compression garments to bed
still um oh my gosh I was watching
there's this drama channel but it's not
a drama channel like what you think of
like it's a drama channel that
specializes in a certain community and
I'm in that community and they still
report Jeremy and anyways that's almost
funny because he's like her parade of
men as if I'm like the people I hang out
with is like I'm fuckin all of them it's
like oh my gosh is because they have a
lot of girlfriends Q and ungai friends I
mean I was with my mom and my sister
like it's not like I'd just hang out
with guys and I definitely don't fuck
every guy that you guys see in fact a
lot of guys I thought you don't because
that'd be super awkward be like hey
let's vlog so I have a funny but my
parade of men will continue today
because I'm actually point camera
shopping with with oh my gosh that's the
other thing
oh my god so scoops I don't know I was
dressing this but you guys just cuz you
find a certain like aesthetic people
hate when I use that word aesthetic
attractive it doesn't mean you're
obsessed with like a person that has
that aesthetic you like that look I hate
people because I like their look so it
would
be think about all the access you data
they probably all kind of similar look
like when I was younger they kind of all
had some luck you guys know max as I did
when I was younger my teams have changed
a little but piss your syllabus you know
what I mean like when I was like 16 to
20 I had a type around 20 to 25 at the
type now like from like 26 to now I have
like you don't even mean and everyone I
like go out with kind of all looks the
same because like my type is that that
League says I don't know if that makes
sense
apparently doesn't some people but
anyways I don't know why I'm addressing
now but I thought it was funny I love
that I love that like it's so funny I'm
so drama-free right now my life and I'm
just like so happy and I'm just like
living my life and there's always
scandal and just to me living my life
but honestly I think it's kind of funny
like that I mean I'm song without me
because we need a little controversy
cause I feel so asking it without me
sorry YouTube would be boring without
the controversy of we which is not even
controversial anymore
what if I get a kick out of it it's so
funny
okay I'm looking a little bit because I
am a assistant I just met Angie and
Andrea from Chicago attagirl
I'm always so like I always in a walk
you guys because I'm not kidding do you
see to smile like I didn't beam because
like it's so cool that like I just
interview this morning I was actually
kind of like which I'm not know where
this ambulance 16 car block like I'm
beaming because like I've been doing
throw at hate but like people in Mianus
there's online so that if it has nothing
to do with me and they just like try and
bring me in drama or time but whatever
I'm talking about or tweeting the time
flew into a context that's not there and
like just city channel is just the thing
Nina right you just look at you just see
more cake but in real life like I get so
excited to see someone excited to seeing
me I know that's not what may be
narcissistic but we're constantly
getting hate and the other saying you
stop while you making videos you're a
bad person just constantly but then you
see people who are truly excited and
happy because they watch your videos
like that to me is so cool and I mean so
because today I guess I made a video
that was addressing some things that
were rumors that weren't true and all
that so then it kind of brought me down
a little bit but then that is really
happening sounds like you know what
there are people who are like who are
shy about what you do and what things
what you're doing is cool and like so
shout out them and I wanted to let you
walk it but I don't want to be awkward
because I alpha personally I love seen
you guys make it like and like this is
what I can to address because I have
like one troll basically on Twitter that
crazy-cool how cilantro that keep doing
this up someone so they saw me I wanted
to peer and shy of my name they said I
don't want to like come up in your space
by shot it does look like it away from
you in the shot your name and you didn't
use it you're me
well one if that was true because I like
yours I'm pretty aware of someone yells
Tricia a like I can usually sometimes
this is what I'm thinking happen
tears or someone who's like
but not so I am and they're just trying
to be stupid you know like high school
kitchen is a lot like they do think it's
funny like make fun of someone I see
online or whatever reason not for any
personal reason other than like they're
just trying to be you changed off at
their friends and had it happen like
just to be like stupid you know what I
mean like actual genuine like I said I
hate the term like fans but like
subscribers viewer advice before that
from Dan I can serve my sentence myself
and like winter you know Zoli and bring
fear so I mean so ever you don't know
your fan is upstairs is cool like I you
know makes me it makes me smile over
here oh but um so like I don't think the
bad term I just feel like it's over your
turn to use for myself cuz I kinda feel
like anyone really likes me but it's
cool to like well if you are a
subscriber and a supporter like you do
come because I said this in multiple
videos I they come up to me hug me
screaming oh my god Trisha like you know
like it always they come up to me I feel
if you watched my videos you know I love
when people come up to me like come up
to me so first person to ask my feet
away from you yelling your name but I
don't want to come up to you that's like
sense to me that's a little suspicious
because it's like okay why don't you
just come up to me especially if I'm
clearly not hearing you why just assume
and they kind of went on it like hey I
think they do it like start these hate
campaigns they've seen it with a few
youtubers they call they were so rude to
me a mohawk and I will tell you right
now I live a little limp or like it
should call it a narcissistic but it
feels like there's like void in me that
makes me feel like I'm accepted you know
what I meet you guys like that there are
people like me and it was like is where
I live for like I I get so excited I'm
so proud like when people come up to me
because it's like oh my god this is cool
like some with family or friends or
whoever like they see this like cool
interaction as like wow you're actually
doing something this thing making some a
smile on their making their day and and
to me that like the cool thing the world
so it's something I've always wanted
like I think love anything I wanted
except it
and obviously someone coming up and I
love your videos like the biggest form
of validation whether it's necessary and
I it feels good and so I love it so for
someone to be like kind of create on
this hate campaign against me or like a
smear campaign against my name like it's
actually crazy and it's like they're
improving off camp including heroes
because I other teen moms here with my
friend James there's been options I
couldn't hear you or maybe like I don't
ever wanna be that person to do this I
guess be someone it couldn't recognizing
these are in it you know to me I never
will get out for either so if you see me
and truly want to talk to me or you are
someone who like my videos or like me
like say hi because I tell you if it was
all the time but I feel like I need to
say it again because people think that I
ignore them and just one hater like only
harps now I can never talk about
ignoring that that fan I wouldn't ever
in Mullaney as and if I don't hear you
and you are literally right next to me
then get in my fucking face because I've
never had that like I never had a
feedback like that from anybody and
definitely like I'm over me if anything
so I just like to be awkward I don't
like to make anyone else feel awkward
even if I'm at one time no handed but
one time when I was one of the first
fights me and someone I was dating at
the time had um wasn't a Starbucks and I
was crying well it wasn't a fight I was
really upset about something and it kind
of got sparked with him and we went to
Starbucks and I just was I was I had
just I was bawling and I couldn't
control myself I could not like just it
was coming and I was in the middle of
bawling like having a breakdown which I
normally don't ever do in public either
but this person knows I stole some
trouble to me and I think someone came
from and they were from like out of town
so I you know they're like okay when I'm
ever in LA I am teacher said and so they
came up to me and like going I'm so
sorry like I hope this is like not an
appropriate time even though I'm bawling
crying and even then the whole point is
I don't care
but even then I hate rachet flap like if
they want a picture like get those tears
out of your fucking eyes and like do it
because I know I know how that would
feel like it's my one shot when I was
like wait I'm just using this as an
example I'm not doing myself and I think
had a cry but for me like if I saw let's
say it's Alberto Spears
we said matter not when I was a little
kid I would have saw her and I'm from
Illinois and I came out to visit my dad
in California and like when we saw
Britney Spears like I had that one
chance to go up to her like it was tough
to like pass that up
I get it not like I'm not green series
or anything like that but I get it
because it's a kind of a timing thing
that seems like kind of unreal and I'm
so like that was people even youtubers
or whatever the XDM bear like oh my god
like I should go up and I honestly don't
mind I think some people might some
people's like okay I'm going through
something right now like and that I was
completely understand as well but I
actually don't mind the confinement and
I'm sobbing and like a dry I'm
hysterical like honestly it's the one
thing that would make me get my
composure back together is meeting
somebody not I mean because anyway I'm
reading I'm meeting somebody for lunch
so I don't I kind of on off on a tangent
but I love meeting you guys and it just
it pisses me off I think it does it
actually genuinely pisses me off
and it's genuine lynxes me up because
I'm like I can't ever say it enough like
how forever grateful I am that I get to
live this cool life because of you guys
but beyond that even if I made no money
from what I did or do and I've always
had a scene when I was younger I never
cared about money like you need money to
survive and I love money but when I was
like you know when I broke into like
that like when I would date I would be
so weird
so much like out loud but it's true when
I would date famous people when I was
you know broke and the stripper
knowledge like that and we go out people
would recognize them it was just like
sort of validation and that I like
craved so bad as like attention I really
wanted and I think that's kind of why
stainless people because I loved the
attention even though it wasn't for me
because I was with them when I was
getting this admiration and validation
it made me feel good for some reason I
don't know I think a weird thing it's
like this weird it's obviously
psychological issues or whatever that I
have but the point of it is is not to be
narcissism and be like tell me how much
you love me it's like I genuinely have
always wanted people to like to know who
I am and that song you know it sounds
weird but maybe someone can relate you
know what I mean like I wanted I
originally wanted to be an actress
because I just wanted validation I
wanted people to like me so and people
love movie stars right you you love them
so YouTube was a platform that took its
unexpected turn into a sort of Fame I
guess you could say it's still really
weird to me and I hate saying it cuz I
go everyone to James because it's such a
cool feeling so the whole again the
whole point of all is to say how much
they truly truly love talking to people
in real life and how it's never ever a
possible or an annoyance to me it's it's
the opposite that's all I'm trying to
say is like it's something that I get
really excited about and that like I've
always wanted it's very cool and beyond
all of that is admiration acceptance or
whatever it's cool to meet people in
real life that like connect
because you can feel the energy it's
such a thing I can't explain I've never
met a hater in real life so I don't know
what that would feel like but the energy
because I've only met people who watch
my videos and get what I do and the
energy you feel is like this connection
as if you just met a new friend like it
really truly means that and or I truly
mean that like it's this weird
connection because they know you and
they get you and they understand you
regardless of you being imperfect and
you being crazy like that you still love
and respect you for whatever you're
doing whether and for me personally what
I'm doing is just literally living my
life being myself you know what I mean I
think just being true to yourself is
something to be admired in anybody so
anyways that was along a long tangent
and I'm going to launch right now so
anyway and I just thought I would do so
well I don't even know what started off
all the other than on G and Andrea like
you guys were so cute and I I think
their mom or their sister somebody that
older sister was over someone who didn't
want my videos behind them and what they
wanted a selfie and I was like so dad I
took a selfie like from outside
Montgomery window I honestly one of them
liked it and my car locked the door but
like I thought that was super like
predatorial to be like hey jump in my
clothes okay cuz like I mean it I would
never think of Emma I didn't know their
age I mean it looks like they were
probably like high school or something
like that but it also has disease again
get into college I was at a stoplight
but I really wanted to because I didn't
want like I when we're thinking that I'm
done it's another candidate when I met a
few people and try to think of who they
don't even repose as readers they were
so awkward but book signing do I seem
like the Kardashians Buddhist there was
a couple exciting's where you have like
leaned over the desk to get just like
the celebrity was like behind the desk
and then they were like in front but
make such an awkward sorta like it just
looks so impersonal like that person
like doesn't want to be by you so the
penalty smell so it's kind of like going
to happen come in so Angie and Andrea
I'm sorry like I feel like if you see me
or you see my PT way again
like to be like hang in the car no one's
here I'll probably say guys although
maybe I should have put that out there
because what is going to pay her the
heater that has bad and they try to like
almost throw me on my own car or some
shit is added I guess we're a stoplight
so I knew we were all safe but I don't
know I guess I could have gotten out but
we were on Fairfax and having Arash this
intersection
we're like at a busy intersection like
this anyways the other pans on I gotta
like figure out where I'm going I
remember to give this to you waiting
North better oh my god for my nose in
the advising for idiot you welcome to
panco you're going to get the finger cuz
of you so immature
mannequins giving every of the finger
it's funny wait could you really like a
pen or open because I start ago I was
wrong
hey wait yeah they looking oh man I
can't wait why because the schedule is
gonna stay with you hey my book who
actually came back everyone's like he's
never gonna talk to you again cuz you're
crazy but he's back now he's not really
Australian he's every day are not your
Porter yet even though the accent we're
in West Hollywood which is the gay
capital I would like to be getting back
into what weapon that's to be determined
we don't know okay I can't look at me
the arm you learn the same spirit
petition oh it was black speech loss
bubbles Rena party to Aruba now when I
know you have that shirt on originally I
did I love it's my favorite
I go to addresses to 12 bucks that
sponsorship are you getting paid by Ross
simplest also don't even know where
government ice-blue the enemy is what
were these fries ed you know the real
story other shows but it sounds really
sounds really what duty now we were
actually buying blankets to the homeless
and I feel that in the rack and I was
like it's really cool that's actually
really what happened oh my god I mean
that's why I know it sounds like this
sounds like I'm setting it up but I'm
being actually really I was doing
