Peter life we're going to see if it
called me and now under is what I'm I
waited ha ha ha
and we have some more ice on top once
again to eight on these trends I
literally roll out of bed and fucking
gross ass bitch or rolled over my
showers late lumpy so I feel like I'm
showers may I have another late night
another gentleman called that way I
chose also and I just usually get ready
early in the day because I might be
inserting some videos but it's legit
11:45 I have an appointment noon my last
massage appointment with FedEx drainage
massage don't listen to me um I paint up
at an advance with three of them usually
ten dollars complete massages so and
then I will go get it
my hair is at the stupid athlete right
now that it's like I should get
extensions in it but I want to grow it
out but it's a stupid wearing also with
my cramps are fucking killer right now I
took three miles for a loss should be
his flock I fishing in the whole damn
thing and so PMSing but luckly
knots on what my perhaps you should go
away like once the mile takes on he'll
go away
but I think I don't shower and oh I
would have retired I did a bad coming
for and wake up like I woke up at like
9,000 laying in bed
why aren't asleep hopefully I'll be able
to I sleep in pull out tires well I'm
gonna have my nails clean anyways
except I'm looking growth and I caught
celebrity chic right somebody's always
looks gross when they go out so I like
to think I'm amongst em here in LA okay
so there's when people run out to say hi
a few miles on my eye and I wonder if um
they actually hate me and once you like
so tomatoes it's okay right okay I will
see it to animal
I haven't something with that ham Guan
Maryland I beg you think it's interns
Marilyn or later we will find out I
finally hung these two in my walls up
one summons one coming soon hi guys I'm
finishing my makeup so I thought I bring
you guys in here this is why I do my
makeup I'm such a mess when it comes to
it I'm just finishing up actually I just
put my lashes oh hello
hey do I look crazy I'm just finishing
it up a little Potter yes I'm doing like
a Marilyn vibe today but I want you to
just be blessing my banana to talk about
my favorite I'm sure
Nahum parking here on YouTube used to be
formally known as many hearts makeup
like raised opposes all the times called
lady blush if you find out the enemy
thank you good so it's a cream blush
which I'm going to cancel creams
Americans normally don't match but this
is so pretty on and I assume there's not
going to show you guys but I'll even
contour wall my eyelashes will go cold
almost
trance and longer period I suppose like
my eyelashes language but then actually
give you a nice to me finish
partly skin like gooey is it like shiny
so I mean it's over here let me try to
use the we are family too
so I am sizing right now and just do a
little and I add a lock I just did on
the apples of my cheeks I think up so
like vintagey but a little goes a long
way I mean I like a lot but no cooker
like an old-school hooker which i think
is I'm classy I feel like I don't even
the black dahlia days they would have
worn like a lot of blush like this just
on the apples of the cheeks because I so
alluring nothings about blending and
contouring and taking the face and
baking amazed but I think there's
something to be said about some simple
understated it just kind of gives a
little bit of a glow pretty great so now
you need some red lips and obviously my
hair but I never do I could get ready oh
and then using a palette this everything
related to so just go and like give it a
little bit more modern and not so
mailings and the hair will be little
Marilyn I hide it a little darker and
that was I was Lisa Selina MAC lipsticks
but I decide to use this one it is
actually by and believe almost on the
right ahead with your on the Nagasaki
Beverly Hills Heather's look pretty too
liquid lipstick and it doesn't dry out
her lips so yeah now we need to do to
have okay so we did not end up doing the
Maryland we just did this like sort of
like effortless blowout and I put
safeties on it but you I'm going to the
pier tonight so I wanted something more
casual so if you're running out of time
we had like a half hour to do something
and this what we did we come to see my
makeup playing is not good Oh Val is
airball awfully good you know what if
I've your lighting is dark perfect
beautiful lighting
um see I got this little like outfit on
the beard is really hard to walk on so I
never really wear like I mean I have my
white converse and we know they're fresh
should ask ombre so not like grit grungy
or dingy or anything like that but
can't wear white because it's like
walking down up and down up that's what
he said no I don't know I don't know
what that even means but anyways he is
almost here so just mission is entitled
you're my hero get applying it be right
it's like just touch it's chill who
likes a more relaxed fresh look I like
it okay when I need it Santa Monica Pier
so we want to know you notice again and
it was close but how are we going do we
know you're going oh we said that's what
we were really gonna go oh yeah you want
to just yeah have you used it on the
vlogs I think it's a day's adducing land
that was on a social media being he told
me I could have social media with him
from now on
off the van I don't know what one where
I'm glad you said where unblocking are
like aura yes I feel like now we're back
on the social media
no wait was i healthy okay look I tell
you already that that's crazy
six four
we'll have a video that healthy meal
that chicken he was healthy over there
was a family we got our birthday I just
zoom ring and let's close and we've got
me cocky little self being healthy
little chairs over here tonight and I am
so marry the king of Manor might date
once about Tristan to the fight
kind of illustration or the kind of
things player
Amy wait
I do I am been working out but I think I
was dancing
okay
ask anyone's part of my joking mouth let
me alone
anyways company 2004 90 which attaches
we're coming at my thumb but this is
finite because remember I was to do it
was just been in my life for one yellow
and he wasn't so much in so much fun now
the good night security options that are
joining their home computer uh sorry
