hey guys my first car vlog in my pink
car oh my gosh guys haven't seen car
tour inside I have an old pink
everywhere it's on my green panel if I
remember I'll link it below if I don't
remember it yell at me in the comments
because I will link it below but I'm
going to remember something with update
now my vlogs and pretty much editing
like dad's day after I film so getting
on that it's not really my choice
actually I just hadn't been blogging a
whole lot so what kind of you know but
still has been lacking I wouldn't say
it's dying I would just say it's no it's
on vacay permanently like it's kind of
like me at Caroline I'm just going to
chill I want I want to do something I'm
going to do something I was this channel
with
it's not that I don't actually like love
love action I love vlogging because I've
been doing stuff now more because I can
get out more and like you know sit and
Alessa so I'm actually going to be
blogging a lot more cuz April and May
are going to be the fucking craziest
months of my life like public well
anomaly life but of this year like you
guys want to have any able to anything
for like six weeks including dancing
I've been recording music but like you
know photo shoes and dance videos and
I'm doing the music video and I'm doing
big life changes like there's this and
that I'm planning a huge epic birthday
party where results well it's not really
a perfect well it is a birthday party
because it's on the birthday cuz my
album comes out on my birthday made and
I'm just gonna I want to do a
performance I'm gonna do like a release
I want to have like it pull out like
crazy because I've never done like a
crazy birthday party and I have this
like a release party and just make it
like a really fun event like so that's
what's coming up in April and ma'ams
going to be so busy like doing all of
that
how's this discoloration it's going good
right guys you guys haven't seen my main
channel I did a video I'm like my way
everywhere - people are so fucking me if
I'm like really tan like a oh you're
Daniel orange then if I'm white like a
oh you're so white and pee on PC
like you just can't win but anyways
people include it's like Wednesday stay
hot color starts affecting people's like
lives of like so sad to me I'm like oh
my god like first is my weight now it's
my student color well it's about my
weight you know I mean I just feel crazy
and I'm not saying this is people like
love and support and watch because you
guys are interested and you like
watching my videos but it's like to the
people who like just watch me they get
to find something to hate like I don't
understand like these people like live I
don't wonder I honestly don't
it's crazy because like yeah like I've
been known to hate watch people like
here and there I'm not like wanted an
obsessive and common and like it never
affects like my life or takes time is
like remember like really bored although
like walking with a heat watch will
never leave a comment and be like oh
you're disgusting like what with these
people like it's I don't know but you I
mean I don't really look at other
people's hate comments but like when I
watch my own videos it's like they're on
it every single day I'd like to seeing
people but over and over and over like
the second I post them it's crazy it's
like actually famous everyone what a
picture my life
what's my hormones in case it's a better
game for me um so yeah so I haven't got
a car vlog and I'm not going to make
this thing for long because personally I
don't even like to like sit and like
listen we'll talk in the car
I have employee I own like our blog
Peter one yeah I don't even like my own
so it's not an ocean towards anyone I
like I like to film oh my let's talk
some a talker and like no one's sitting
next to me so I like oh by the way these
paint charges are definitely pink
they're do alternative to the mobile app
myself so I have one for a friend
because people always want to take my
charger I'm spending a dual one vehicle
actually it's bright and makes a dual
ones
um yeah I don't love watching hard wha I
don't know what it is I don't know why
but okay don't love car vlogs but I like
to film them I only represent a lot
maybe you guys like probably had like a
or if you don't mind em but a lot of
people listen to my videos which I say
I'm very interesting well I think when
we they just listen to that while
they're doing their makeup or listen to
it like on their way to work we don't
really like sit there like watch so I
guess you can see that because that's
kind of like a like a podcast aside
we're just like talking so what's up I
know this is so random and I know you
learned we like get over to selfish but
while stations have been hanging on me
lately which has never happened I've
never dated an amazing guy not because I
have sex would want to use them saw the
story time because the movie is not
because he's Asian but no II just like
never hit on me I don't think I'm there
aesthetics this is my guess but even
under but lately a lot of uses if any on
me very bizarre I like it I don't
understand it but I like it because I've
never had a I've never had a user like
you know me yeah
everybody reasonably smoking cigarettes
ir but definitely loved it I was driving
my car
I love you guys I keep getting these
like hot flashes and I'm cold like
overcast icon and I have like no clothes
on and yep and PC so I orange and this
power blob I feel like I need to tell my
father I'm back to carrying this I'm
reading a new person but I've been like
switching purses so much like to say I
can't decide my life is one big
indecisive decision indecisive that's
whoa what is that
it's an Adreno contradiction though it
is a contradiction but what is that term
a conundrum you have an indecisive
decision own answer you guys let me
explain why munching oh no as it is all
right okay well I'm going one gender to
get storing my videos may be here as a
tenderloin I do 100 to get story time
videos it happens over hundreds as a
song of blackmail both men women to get
tender videos like you know what I mean
siblings but no story times I how about
my tinder or bubble experiences are hot
it's not real I know people think I make
that shit up like I literally go on
these things I mean it isn't some
recently that like about me and troubles
but I just randomly meet people but also
I go on there to find people for by
music issues good guy that I really I
don't just say like hey I'm casting and
like a little book is please I just like
go out just and I always help you
upfront like hey I'm kind of just like
but what are you looking for on this
it's like a question I was asked you
know I only wanted sex or whatever
dating I just always say I'm just going
to meet like cool people you know me
like a I try not make it like something
I don't know you you don't know me so
like say like a web state is it weird
you know I mean so and then if they like
you and stuff I don't know I mean how
many I have yet to ask one hit music
video but like I like the idea of it
don't hurt him
I managed my mom my pussy's I'm watching
the bird while they get dressed because
otherwise she squawked
this is pixie and everyone says their
minds are of Logan Paul parrot I forget
Sara team maverick my sister no I sent
advice into Roswell so now she was
screaming but when you come out she just
want someone to watch her eat so but I
told my sister I was like you need to
put this bird on with everyone loves
maverick and I'm like pixie is like the
sweet version of maverick and she does
he don't you
she was on my ass a little thingy
earlier I guess the problem you know
Shabri i come visit on my work visitor
animals up made Xterra house i'm about
to go eat
let me get ready i'm birthday hey guys
we are right now stops to go eat there's
a site a local fruit go but we're
actually eating where we eating rockfish
rampant old rockfish right now some
little silly but when we go shopping
it's my favorite stores down here see
you have a coat since the place rocks
and fish got my lobster tails McEntee
Macedo so that was recommended what you
get over any sources various and once
you max my sliders and powder gram
powder this is their place they put me
know
come on taxes on this is pathetic math
monsters but also a blessing
officers hashtag would love alright guys
so the end of the night is near I did a
video with James my cinder friends go
and you just came from okay
okay so doesn't know whatever I sure why
not whatever why not if you let me in on
many talents usually I don't like
anybody but I'm like this guy is like
very anything I say how to play violin
yes mmm I should be old to you any
alcohol what's your favorite film anyway
come on say it
happy birthday which is Malibu Elsie
free it's Rosie free wait can you play
anything depending don't know whatever
the kill though I needed on yesterday
that was all good oh my gosh that's
about Instagram three I feel like I'm
this is like my new little like playboy
because you literally can do everything
I'm like no not like that
no he little thing you only what I do is
like I'll be profile when I perform like
I'll play with a DJ or something and
they'll play any random so and then I'll
just improvise and play anything along
amazing no this guy's like want extra
talented he's like maybe reverse never
because you can lift me you can play
some fuck alone and gonna look nature
yeah you're not really gonna know oh my
god we know he actually is the first
time we talked on the phone any like
crazy like tests like Potter's I can
take care of it so it's not like there
was your snake right now you would grab
it yeah I mean I have three at my Allen
right now does amazing idea
I got really yeah I would never I'm
never going to a talk by the way I said
that so I was like I will never carry
shit in my house if I don't want to go
there how the animals like deadly animal
you know no that's very very Australian
Australian today no like I have actually
have a tarantula by my bed that's no ill
go tell someone you'll never get a date
with that no one is ever gonna want to
date you why you saying you want to have
experienced plenty by your bathrooms
like I'm Maya
all right ladies that's it that's what
would you lead with because this measure
might put down my sender profile you
know taraji father like I don't know how
would you say that because it's
tarantula like still like a puffy
picture I'll do the trap everything I
bring its own inner head everyone go
fight no really no I'm going to keep it
on pepper in lab so he's awaiting a tour
to spawn as long as you are the music oh
he's the only one that like I like how
to cool bond with so we'll see how both
but
