at my first pink passenger all right yes
yeah of course yeah sweater I know well
I am yellow one so we're not very pink
but you look beautiful and she's got my
boots on let's go to blue right here
the TIA she's good yeah it's the blonde
salad girl from Instagram what is eyes
of the other CRF Aragon ears mission
Italians but this is our first time this
is sign at the omen what oh yeah we're
dancing video games I say I got my
beauty
you're like the rose we're trying to
find a red face in my hair so you're the
rose to my Belle so I have a little bow
I have a custom beating a beast like you
see tracks you on hey excited for you
we're going to El Capitan my name is
Gucci shoes oh I hope you have no no
they do I'll buy one I'm so excited you
wanted what we do there again yeah
there's a research thing yeah there's
beating the beat for a hymen highland so
they see this we're going about theater
I'll have the pants are you excited I
know so Hollywood a time of Boulevard
yob when we should cross over this way
there's a middle cross right here it's
early in the morning we are seeing these
degrees at 10:30 on Pentagon the Tuesday
but it's what we do really hide tourists
do because we literally have my camera
hi booth Instagram story right here
alright so booth these are all the crops
others nest on oh those are cool little
tufting
so my gosh plays with hope natural
despair log it's practically a change
there's like purple amounts of red
you're the one we have all our little
snacky seems like we can use them happy
we saw Dunkel book here last time I'll
cop town house Boulevard so magical they
have one movie playing once a month
controls and this month is eg taller
than the time cough a little yeah
a kamikaze is simply we have our film
presentation and a quieter environment
sound walk softer are the lights are a
lot brighter we have discovered that the
young young at heart like when it's a
brighter face so we
alright guys we just got out of the
movie what did you think of it mom
it is fuzzy what does a only 10 bucks do
out here you know you said we had to
make a pit stop clever mom saw this pink
sweater and it was only times like the
pegs of 50 but we got to pretend so see
her else in here and now we're almost
going our way to the bathroom and the
lunch place what did you think we mean
almost
so moving I'm surprised my mom liked it
we got to go with his acute come on the
guys were so hot oh my god they all were
the briefs was betting on little a fool
I know I was thinking it the whole pile
is like what it would be in one of these
movie that's like my dreams to be in
those so we are going to speak and
whistles that way somewhere exciting
Tuesday off Hollywood Boulevard just
killing it always anyway I'm calling my
mom
with these new theater no okay kind hi
these are your guests oh yeah yeah don't
bring that book in a chips and I didn't
think it was that big they're from a
Rockford and Freeport right reporting
awkward I saw I was like oh my god we
ordered these special oh these were the
chips we loved growing up I went back to
my grandma's funeral we got these oh my
god there we go hi taste we have a
double my mom was the devil's tail so so
that's where you guys and I have mine
over here it says old Tricia's tip
bucket Wow
oh please you're so healthy but mom so
right now I'm good ma'am well I just
want to have a chat rooms room it we got
a big night shift look it is Amir my mom
no Howard so big nothin cries now give
them a game i order now I would like a
literally montgome didn't you see how
it's awesome on me then that money they
won't be the same day Illinois you can
order my mind
chase for us - yeah look loves Park
Illinois well Mason
real there for a while - and you get the
old salties now you have a whole bucket
for you
estrogen go I was right there but where
my office was that will talk to us are
you Miguel you marry my bad yeah I'll
like come on perfect some now it's
changes in comfy clothes okay hey guys
so it was the end of the day I took my
violent hair out and now I'm not too
sinful farm girl
well I'm sorry she's not simple he may
be want relish in a school so police
you're part of my day like I was where I
was wearing this 24 hours a day 90 day
for the first 4 weeks and now I will
want to go out I like I won't wear my
undergarments if they go to shows I
haven't been doing that but I'm going to
be doing this as a net 19 the next two
months I'm going to do it about three
months because it really does shape your
body and all that so this mission is
real quick Sanders vlogs I'm leavin
already walk today probably just a bunch
of whatever so basically I get a
compression I put me a final sweep of
pants ready well I don't put Monahan
awesome today you can lower them a
little bit see to see cuz I try and
stretch there's new car I try and
stretch this as far down as I can
possibly go because I don't want any
creases and then as you can see it's a
little bit all kind of a tub say I have
some pop firmed up belly but a lot of
implement and water weight has I give
you a lot of fruits tomato is in the
binder if you do but anyhow once again I
did enough to tell me that everyone
let's say I got one I get it you see a
big guy at forums with a c-section scar
for that one and so you can see my life
with Russians cards so what did you give
you a binder likely you for telling us
now if you just along with Louis Appa
become a problem area in the lower
abdomen my gut if you will and then I
guess what
of course not I'm on camera in my case
that's why I never did makeups Rose you
look on camera I would get like so like
nervous at that becomes so pull it up
tight and tight and then just end up in
it and you see it covered here are some
things tested it doesn't help if you
have someone to help you with this but I
will obviously seek without
see ensembell for purposes of this video
you can see I can't put up with that
apparently smells like mildew money
anyways I don't know why I'm logged
neighbor if you guys enjoyed I need a
new camera camera you guys enjoy it as
long as you had fun with us I'm trying
to do better and more update one
although I haven't doing a whole lot
waiting to the dull on my last stage of
recovery so I try to get easy but these
plastic speakers not being able to do
much is torture
well again so much I am going to go edit
apparently talking power shaking and
once in your could be smelling unless
you guys like my mmmmmm
