okay guys this is my weird-ass
post-surgery craving you can have eight
of these shrimps for 420 calories and
they're like a little fried so they're
good but I like literally I'm obsessed
with these I have two hard-boiled eggs
in the morning I like eight of these got
lunch and then I have something like
lightweight for dinner and just a little
snacks but yeah this is like owner
obsessed with it's so not pretty I'm so
not someone who's like you eat with your
eyes decide to be pretty person like no
I just I'm gonna charred on these
shrimps in about two minutes and then I
always drink a big Fiji water at least
one of these a day and then these are
really good snacks like very my purse
just when I feel like real fatigued and
like or something like this is a pivotal
that uber life I'm about to go pick up
my Connor I'm so excited
at Platinum motors for us right here so
if you guys want to see what my car
looks like we'll pop thank you so much
sure I'm gonna do a card to where my
channels here we go all right guys we
are now at the Grove I am bidding a
Macbook I'm meeting with my music video
director which means must play another
music video it is a gorgeous day in LA
it's so cool you guys can see that on my
main channel the car tour and so I
completely died I've had it for like
nine years I hate just learning new like
iMovie software and stuff so I really
don't get a new one but it just wasn't
even uploading is your video so alright
guys success I was in right this is like
record if you ever want to go to an
Apple store and don't have to be busy
and crazy wait go at like it was a coach
tour got here go out like literally what
time is it noon as I'm talking to people
they get so global we said look good
today to you suppose you see me I look
so rockin yeah we give you pictures but
I love crazy I dream I'm like an hour
early cuz I thought I was gonna be the
Apple Store an hour ten minutes you guys
this is the closure I got you ten
minutes y'all
I'm having free beer
okay guys it's the next day it's the day
after st. Patrick's Day which if you
guys are seeing this the day after st.
Patrick's Day that means I am very
current with my vlogs so thank you for
that
what is Ed Sheeran think of that I feel
like a 15 year old again with a calendar
up in my room yeah so anyways it's the
next day
I'm extremely hungover and I was about
to add a claw machine I realize I didn't
really end it a little white stick I got
a little part but I edited a Butt Lift
video and on my new computer and I
figured it out finally my garments which
I to wear right here and then I have my
little binder over there can you guys
see show you guys cuz everyone like you
never have your car mints on but I legit
just wash I'm gonna put my sports bra on
my garment and that so I do wear that
I'm gonna put them on but I was just
chilling in this top and then I just put
pants on for filming purpose and stuff
but I learned how to edit on my new
computer it was actually pretty simple
do me a favor and go to my main channel
I just did one about my butt lift Tom if
the quality is good or actually you know
what
I'm gonna be editing this on there tell
me if this is quality is is the same
better or worse if it's worse and I
gotta figure out something cuz it seemed
too easy to process the video through
Wray movie also I'm the new I movies
just that much more advantage which in
that case it's really cool because it
took me no time at all so so yeah let me
know and if you guys see this on March
18th the day after st. Patrick's Day I
am up to date on the vlogs y'all um so
I'll talk to you soon I think I'll be
blogging to say I don't know what I'm
doing today but Casey summer bitches I
love you guys and hope you guys had a
very safe st. Patrick's Day and you're
not hung over cuz I mean look at that
can you see what do you see
literally laka and a bunch of water
bottles that I was thinking god I had
water bottles last night I was like
shopping anyways okay see you soon
cuz these fishies
you
