another beautiful day in LA
it is literally like an almost 8:00
please update it is so warm I'm on my
way to get an eye on that agree imagine
a deposit two days buyers like that get
still like winded and so it lost it and
my body's not used to like bleeding out
so another day another life and get my
car back
Oh aging Sarli love to go get my side
and the people just mark I'm so feel
right now thinking is with you another
clue
or peanuts on goes I don't have any
garments on today just because I was
washing on they did not hang with them
to dry so I'm only going to clog in back
so I don't think it should be that big
of a deal I'm going to do
the whole thing here he is looking like
covet and survivors before a treatment
me kill me anything
frame
I prefer I love the notion of a warning
which is a little boat anything but not
this to happen unless the MPS here the
worse we have with the dress new
frontier
thank you and look look look look all
this have to get into that what's up
guys I am back to some videos still
standing up I'm not really supposed to
be wearing the shorts and pants yet but
I'm wearing it for like video and
picture purposes especially easy to kind
of tight but I mean like like a couple
like we can our in pants is I'm going to
kill you and it's been four months four
months four weeks now since my surgery
so the new plans but you guys I am so
excited I just got this straightener
pull the straightening brush from sanity
planet
I am obsessed this is like their newest
thing I love being on this planet always
always a cool stress them out like a
coach it does like this beautiful like
seafoam green
the panic red looking him up your video
so cool right it's like a like a
straightening iron brush like I am so
excited instead as y'all like don't even
oh okay yeah I'm going to try that
because I'm going to probably strain my
hair not today tomorrow and I just got
my sentence in so you guys know I love
playing with my hair when it's like nice
and long so right now it's a little wavy
a little crazy but just cool sunidhi
like you rulership doing that drinking
water I didn't have some noodles like
dry pasta noodle I don't know
we're I'm weird craving shrimp and drive
off and initiate the shrub y'all this
shrimp didn't see all those bags of
shrimp in there
so I'm going to like a whole like what I
eat video but I've been craving shrimp
and dry pasta books there's even more
shrimp in here and these like halo ice
creams that like whatever your 50
calories or some only have like 200
something we tune our econ you guys want
to see it eating man no let me go
alright I'm going to film I was like
bags on opening packages like my flat
iron straightener in so try that out
soon okay when you from working on some
awesome I'll send it closed
mr. Kirwin fight for ya
good um so do i smoke no do I smell for
a picture yes now if we ordered a bunch
of food but anyways
whoa I thought you were Jeremy oh my
dear me are killing the locals not
Jeremy oh she's gonna leave you on there
clear me saw risen we you can even
you're up well then you're done sing at
sing it live so they don't snow
auto-tuned go oh what is it
ah don't caution to the wind when I'm in
your hands
yeah cool you take me on my way all the
way uh I don't know good
um America oh hello ha ha everything do
it fortune studio Chris oh my god
slave driver I'm going to think just
like that if I'm going to sound watch
out what alright guys I'm so breezy and
slightly looking me I'm finishing up
there we just finish it put it off
afternoon ok p.m. salt Oh
so if I even take something that to em
yeah take smoking for the picture I
smell like filled it in my lung but we
finished which is an adverb which is
seen online pretty high stuff which so I
love them myself in here Akhilesh don't
really buy able shiny I am
anyways - no gotta pee again
can't remove google could you see my
sculptures you're getting better okay to
lose this connection so they like
midnight and we're like finishing this
up one of them bloom doing all right way
so I'm going to try next morning run
away home I felt in a little bit I'm
gonna straighten out my hair with the
flat iron hair brush maybe a planet the
schools a good home hair type zone I
have ceramic bristles ionic analogy do
heat control once I'm 83 somebody I'm
setting - 200
you know in case so and try it out marks
and pressures so I kind of look like to
be somebody's right now thanks amend has
to see if this is okay like feel he
don't have to invite like their feet so
I actually have never seen any reviews
on this mountain come on I've had a seat
okay like I'm like scared okay
it sends even for Petrella as you like
oh if it's really just a brush how's it
go - oh pretty am I actually trying to
watch me Flatiron it but it does
recommend usually brush out beforehand
I'm actually trying to eat up a little
your turn - 300
just because my hair is was a sentence
it's real here but like my kitchens
energy is so thick I try and go under
too
mmm oh yeah I feel like the under
technique works so good
awesome even if you like I'm just giving
more attention to my hair you have to
worry about burning you're a fool look
how pretty that is
she just ran off to Spain now and you
can like they say cancel bit and curl at
two with the SC's kind of toilet all
right not a rock they're so cute it's so
much easier than like a flower into and
if they can do both so like you can
slowly brush through it to get a lot of
hair like I don't but I do because of my
hair extensions
and love this idea so cool if you guys
are interested in getting one of these
brushes you can get on I'll link it
below you can get up to 50% right now
I'm like honestly people do it so I just
brushing through it this is like kind of
as we see it kind of lead to like super
like smooth le and they're using that
like look at the end compare like those
guns like so smooth and we actually have
tested that I'm showing you my end
that's so pretty guys huh
I think Danny planet-like
stuff before but I never think this one
looks super sized I am like a dying over
that shiny - look at that I specify
don't use simply I think it's a good
ceramic rod I mean I look at the
difference already it's um like this
side to the side so crazy
alright so I'm going to finish my hair
but I'm like super dope me people tell
me but I guess want to hang out at all
all right so I didn't really do much
today I literally had just laid around
which is good because I'm later on in a
while and I need to start wearing my
like garments more like arms in memory
because my body's like still forming so
it was a good thing so I'm just going to
wash my face or about Asians make an
albacore bread because I do use this um
right
bleaching cream down there
I didn't hold it you want it we speak
Canadian restaurant amphitheater so
anyway I'm going to just see my little
nighttime routine now but first
Reaganite be wise because it's not
pretty early amazing 6 o'clock but I am
getting so tired today
so this is like pushing my body like I
say was a non-stop way guys I'll just
apply to two days I love them sure yeah
this is my cleanser I'm going to like a
light skin care regime here's my feeling
on my and the in panel cuz I wanted to
come in I was like with skins and
batteries are expertly it's actually
going so much better than proactive I
like my kids I can't help thinking
you're at me for sure but I don't
dislike great for your overall skin
appearance you won't have at me with
that but my skin was very so every other
night I want to do my bleaching and my
face mask boring machines to criticize
like heck you find this stuff on my skin
but yes I use a little face mask I think
over the blush different products Yaya
the Ichi but anyone else up to the blush
if it's always a little is bloated great
brand and Guangzhou cream it can do an
unwise I want Lee under my hand oh my
god it just interesting to anyone so I
feel like I never blog this stuff is I
feel like it's like not that exciting
but then again I feel like I haven't
logged in a while somewhere I said this
all over my face you mean I feel like it
doesn't like it's not one of those
people faster than apartment or anything
but if you wash off like 20 minutes
almost rolled oil on her skin
I did looking the rest in it with me on
for 20 months but obviously because you
mind if I just like saw your appointment
even myself who put alarm 20 okay well
I'll see I you know what with you
nothing like a mouse to do well you got
Pringle on your visa okay so I just
launched it off for Gooding that I was
blogging and literally drive with his
name was between minutes so they're the
only other thing I did I guess I
squished my other nighttime routine
include like do you think but as well
every other night at the 14 so since my
face mask read tonight Asifa Breton eyes
which I think awesome as you can see
different names each morning and night
and I think to I mean anyway that's a
wasteful and I really focus on to that
forehead that's not my forehead or is my
eyes because I swear I have brown
symbols and also has its limitation and
then I just kind of finish off that time
recedes and then they district together
to crazy awesome as a Judaism at three a
time is it these things aren't cheap and
then I can start on that forehead flat
and go the other way
how do I get those two I have like let
it drive like a lot of Tyre like let it
seep in for sex
like it's not look like you don't play a
lot of traffic rule on and they're not
so I hate my little bleach intelligence
gave it to me so and it did a little one
pump jr swipe it and the stuff is not
cheap either
I get all out and then I kind of just I
place the most of it legend goes
underneath the chief have some vision
this is where I'm really concerned I
really start there and it really
resonating and of all the things that
have al over too small to it now I'm not
closing up to anyone tonight
not that matter does not like that phone
on a sellsword as good as a little and I
usually is to handle it away I just
touch the cameras hand something really
weird about that and I was falling with
it so watch man said to me you know me a
log right has forgotten I'm doing
tonight converse that we see is
refreshed rejuvenated I love my stay
here a teeny buzzing like really
obsessed now even though this is really
great
my dermatologist did tell me and the
nurse there she was like telling me too
that you know usually used to sing some
three months ago which means you might
think your teacher is not like it is not
like Holy Grail for life but for right
now it's working for me so anyways I
love you guys so much thanks for
watching I'm gonna go actually probably
edit this one edit some videos and then
we'll continue tomorrow until xn do
McKinsey's realistic so many each other
get your own voice issues my guys
