fucking freezing right now we're just in
the water yours looks so far away no
it's getting better we're going
snorkeling again to find the turtles
it's our favorite thing to do oh my god
Jason this is so much more rough than
yesterday let's go see the turtles first
I can't hear you at all okay we all like
we're an open water right now I don't
want to be we're out hey guys - Jason
we're out here learning how to scuba
dive today I mean what are we doing
certainly snorkeling today ah couple of
things to keep in mind the water
perverts out a lot of perverts out in
the water there's a lot of people
sometimes we'll try to take a look at
your junk when you're underwater just
ignore them
I know we're gonna torch the problem I
was out there that's literally the
dumbest thing I really know five hours
worth I'll see how I added it I
guarantee it's gonna be three seconds
make this twenty second been done it's
better than that I mean I would like to
just watch you guys go through the steps
the steps are hard we looked at Twitter
and like we were seeing that everybody
was saying you're I'm so glad I got I
would much rather be shot by a paintball
gun then go through what you went
through fucking eating subway with David
at it in Hawaii
as soon as that snapshot went dark I
should have known
really don't mess with you guys she's
the best
it's Zane
David told he was in Hawaii Zane could
shoot him with a paintball gun romantic
romantic I'm like oh my god
to
okay
when the flowers are pretty like this
like my birthday I think we should be
celebrating something three weeks you
love that I love that this is a really
fancy I said anything is gonna be this
nice this is like really cool I try to
make it this man says I can this is
amazing oh my god I'm so pretty what
time is the sunset like now about 6:15
6:14 it should drop ok o'clock yes I
think what do we say right about seven
minutes okay oh is that your oh she's so
pretty she no Wyatt
she's a Philippine oh wow oh you find
your snapchat okay Club awesome thank
you
we're may phones open your love no I
don't never be bout I always work
your face when you did that first one I
wish I had that first bite of you eating
that
it's so good first of all the oysters
like really fresh and amazing they
pretty little shaved ice on top just
give it something extra add a little
peach which and the ice makes it even
colder so it's just good when it's cold
oh my god like our first meal of the day
this is very exciting guys look I mean I
know I showed you put like a look again
this sunset I'm gonna mean and the V
right there you guys we did probably
like how many couple photos you those
couple photos are up by the way I mean I
this look so look over here like so
pretty this light beige you guys we took
probably like 20 in couple photos and
like stiffer lovely that was my dream
come true is like taking like 20 photos
like different locations this is
everything I was like sure oh yeah he
was so down he was like toast on this
camera oh no I was like so see I don't
even you could duplicate that sweetness
okay sure sure
oh wait are you proposing someday we'll
see don't play with me like that
what don't we have to make a toast yes
say what I said before I think those
were sweet out and they have been on
tasty it was actually so sweet music is
big serious you are an amazing person
you are smart funny generous or
beautiful I said sometimes you are
always that part out
sometimes I'm like your little clean
I hope they get it rose tonight you
brilliant what we started beeping me
women is your show bachelor Thanks
welcome oh my god so good well by the
way you guys oh did you blog on my
camera when David came in yeah did you
run out of space
no no but just so we don't cut from back
to this we weren't completely surprised
by the way I chasing wasn't that
surprised you knew he was gonna show up
at some point oh no no i 100% did not
think he would come
David doesn't do it like that people
like David showed up and like did this
prank you guys ought to watch this
channel like I'm like kind of still
baffled by it I'm kind of still confused
on why he came five hours with Brandon
to shoot Jason was like I get the joke
was like funny but to actually come
through with it Jason was very happy you
were really excited to see your friend
Jason's like a little kid like he gets
so excited to see his friends my respect
the joke I respected he that he came all
that way and we were all dressed for
dinner they came on the night that we
had this dinner that we planned since we
got here and it's like oh my god
possible worst worst time cuz I mean
Jason's our dress I mean you know
they're gonna pop out here at some point
I mean well I did say after all of it as
like we should say cuz what are you
gonna go right back well super nice
about it any other woman would have been
like are you kidding me
alright big night I mean I did think
that but obviously I get what you do and
I do like love them and I think it's
funny like I get it but that's it's just
crazy to me that they did that I'm not
even mad and depending like that's weird
they came all that way
which perfectly and like yeah I think
not stay like a knight or some things
best part was you were like you were
over here like just let him see you
running like 20 minutes I'm like do you
think you guys just let him through like
they were crouching it was weird
whatever I like shisen has a job so I
like just let them shoot you you know a
good point
yeah anyways we're having our champagne
this is like really cute and romantic a
night it's like more romantic than
together it's good so guys yeah really
really good I love it
I'm glad you enjoy yeah just wanted to
check with you that's all yeah know
where should we do there's a picture I'm
trying to find this effect well fine
picture you there's one okay you take
one more picture as far as seasons does
it rare you kidding me we went with the
chef-y shady the one of us blogged it
but are you kidding me they did a
special menu for us this is I'm like
kind of dying right now is gonna cutest
thing ever I love so much you guys so
last night time to go home I'm sad to go
back to work
what is this yeah okay
Brittany day around the outside dressing
to be able to give it to you
a little bit of avocado wrapped on the
bottom there for you as well just a
little bit of that taro chips on the
backside Wow
what is this charge I put is that taro
is a part of a tartare of Hawaiian root
actually plant oh oh oh yes I'm so
excited about this Jason you got joking
because I'm like only wondering every
time like food right okay look at that
Wow that's her sucking energy meter this
is like the coolest atmospheres I go out
to a fancy restaurant all the time it's
like cool dining experience by far
oh yes each other Mikado wrap underneath
fresh radisson say one more time so it's
a he tarts are freshly shaved radishes
you got all these noodles so nice it's
really beautiful
this is so crazy okay you should
advertise more I didn't know this was
like a thing my friend told me about it
and I had no idea was they think yeah
they don't like on the website you would
never know this existed my friend gave
me like the number for special events
and I was like oh that's cool
this advertise it more it's so cool
everyone come to the four seasons and at
this private dinner on the beach it's
amazing
we're the only ones time but it's just
sometimes they chill uncharged it's it's
like a
yes actually so good oh my god it keeps
giving like you have like a taste and
then another taste comes and then
another taste comes it's a really really
good really well done this is crazy I'm
like that's weird I love you Tina - yes
really really I have a flavor that you
don't get here we had a good pairing
thank you so good are you fuckin named
me right now are you kidding me right
now you're not you're not invited to
dinner
I'm putting the foot down you're not
invited to dinner guys there's a video
game room you can play all the video
games you want so thank you so we have a
grilled pork belly with a gastrique and
on top so good thank you
we grab our drinks right away YUM
that's so much fun this is like the most
fun about Rogers and I won't enjoy it
yeah yeah YUM bang up here pureed down
into it with muddled in pineal and
cilantro young screen them the cilantro
out of it
garnish with a little bit on top as you
see a nice sprig there but patron clear
patron oh allah patron thank you I
should have waited to shoot you with a
paintball gun right here it's only 30
bucks because I think you're like a
baggy shirt oh my god I'll take your
time and enjoy for a few minutes because
of you why is our little step kids came
this is really cute Trisha you plan a
good day you know I tried when I came
yeah so we have a saffron foam on top of
a beautiful house-made spaghetti
done with a keyhole a lobster bolognese
so kilala lobster actually comes from
Big Island it is in from keyhole oh they
actually sectioned off a latch on the
coastal line wow it pump up 300 foot
ice-cold water up to this area this will
preserve area for these sweet spiny
lobsters to grow
they're amazing it's a one of the
sweetest lobsters you'll ever have
this looks really good I was ready and I
love lobsters I'm so cuz I thank you
don't we have here as a lime oil poached
salmon with freshly rolled steamed
zucchini and a beautiful contemporary
curry sauce underneath the drink itself
is also a coca I'm sorry a vanilla and
freshly muddled pineapple mojito dusted
with a little bit of fresh soda on top
and fresh mint Oh YUM try this baby push
your chairs
okay here we cheers with the light
thanks here boo
you ready YUM Cheers
okay
oh my god wow that's like so sweet tail
Rob swimmer balance that's really young
sweeper with this yeah
rebuy for you sir of course yeah for you
my dear
wow that's amazing Hamakua mushrooms sit
underneath it with a beautiful fresh
asparagus a shallot demi-glaze
complementing all of it you also have a
beautiful almost Perrin chef aarón's
version of a play on twice-baked so you
have baked potato cups with parsley
mashed potato Wow inside Wow
inside that yep parsley mash inside of
it with a baked baked potato on the
outside wow that's so great for you yeah
great that's insane okay this is
actually insane Jason because when we
met with the chef I said I love Flay and
you said you loved her bright and we got
no different
that's a fillet that's actually crazy
that's so intense and he's coming with a
drink
it's our last drink it's our last night
there's no way I got coffee or Roberta
coffee that was smart so we're gonna
have coffee did I turn it down maybe but
that's fucking crazy how is it really
good
it's fucking stick really god I can't
wait to eat oh my god cheese musings I
cannot think I would have any dessert
drinks who would have been like it's
like that no this is great though this
will have these oh god what is that
: up we just made up a kind of the name
for it I was a keen octopus oh I love
that
pinky octopus so what this is is a ocean
vodka Wow ocean vodka martini with a
little bit of hibiscus syrup to mix
inside to give it a little bit of
coloring and soft sweetness ah with a
light sheen and high but hibiscus
candied hibiscus is Wow maybe able to
all animals Wow hibiscus flower inside
there with stuffed inside of the light
ships that's first but then it's smooth
itself out with it we gonna go very
nicely wonderful is it amazing yeah I'm
really good yeah thank you so much thank
you
okay cuz they're really really good
how long is this dinner but I feel like
there's been like four hours does it
really
it's amazing experience so chocolate bar
definitely for you with a little gold
mango chutney underneath fresh mango
sorbet raspberry as well as lilikoi spun
in to make that little death dinner
look there Wow
then there's here oh that creme brulee
oh my actually register yeah this is
everything Wow
oh gosh cumberly is my actual favorite
dessert
Wow oh my god this looks so cool on
camera a little ginger so fireworks I'm
so excited
thank you you're so sweet like it's
weird well also my way of saying
congratulations on your three weeks
inside of your drink for you wow really
oh yeah oh my god that's everything we
have a congratulations on three weeks
name we made it almost a month I mean I
think it's pretty amazing
that's pretty amazing okay another drink
really this is chocolate martini oh my
favorite my favorite so good Tim it's
not just because of the chocolate inside
that makes it look it's like the actual
yeah
yeah this is a car expressive oh wow you
never want coffee babe oh my god we have
to try this on camera this is like
insane it smells like chocolate we got
chocolate and Jace's got a coffee cuz he
loves coffee there's the real color
you had a chocolate martini I've talked
up in there's this clear but it does
smell like chocolate you want to take
chairs of him
okay Cheers here we go Cheers
there's really good wow it says
congratulations on earth weeks it says
congratulations in there we're inside oh
you weren't too funny you have one too
yep no yep
congratulations amazing thank you
all right guys last day in Maui it's 8
a.m. you so excited to kayak with the
whales I was like gonna I was just gonna
stay in bed I can't let her go oh I know
Sam spying it's been a late night last
night but she sure has to do everything
I thought you did which is which is an
endearing qualities over here yeah I
wasn't like oh I'm like I'll be so sad I
mean I would have been a little sad but
I want to have told you wait don't drink
it he's supposed to drink it which
sounds really dangerous my back is so
sore from the Falls yesterday remember
all those pull-ups I was doing yeah you
like climbed those branches that was
that was fun and we were scared of that
why I was scared of that so now I'm fear
to this because they said we see whales
and that we swim at the Turtles and we
have to get in and out of this boat
which is gonna be quite comical but you
look
but their last day is swim shirt on so
guys it's my belly I apologize I
couldn't find the larvae I don't know
why you are the small one well they look
like they're doing pretty good until
we've go down a little bit okay I just
kind of see all right ready
let's go slow at first like wow like
animals like tell people I was just -
one with the turtle Jesus I think you're
gonna jump out in abandon me so we're
with another couple you can't even see
them they're so far ahead of us we are
literally in the middle of the ocean
just terrifies think for whales which we
did not sign up for we wanted to swim
the turtles don't know why we're on the
that's our instructor on the paddleboard
we're just well we're with professional
kayakers those two people so they kayak
back home for a living Jason just
completely Jason
you guys there's huge humpback whales
out here we keep seeing oh my gosh wow
oh my god I don't know I don't know
we just we just kayak is the middle of
nowhere kind of saw like one whale arm
and some water shooting out we spent two
hours doing them I've never been so
hungry in my entire life my entire
body's about to shut down I am going to
walk to some other people's tables right
now what if they're gone from the table
what if the table is God and they just
is not gonna take a little piece of
something so then the bidding usually
touch
is it like a new style of vlogging able
to keep it scared
that's what it's come to or like so
desperate for content because they just
want higher
I knew some editorial it's funny there
my child it's very - I had a bird I was
trying to wait in line for the buffet
what what did I do
I just I was like dude I was here look
at these birds
wow that's the same guy that cut me in
line though because there's a burpies of
birds they're feasting virtually staying
at the Four Seasons look at this my
person gonna be fine he's eating well
this is our last day of our last meal
together I only get back to LA Trish is
not gonna call me fans gonna be waiting
by the phone Trish no I'm not mocking
you I said that have I been recording at
all yeah yeah
Joey you and I
the resin well we're gonna miss you guys
we're sorry that we have to leave Hawaii
you guys have been really great to sit
through all this with us
and you think that your special visit
your makes people thanks for all the
nice comments if you're really nice
comments and thanks for the bad ones too
we hope that that helped you get through
whatever you were working through on
your end all right writing something
means here we go why did you get Jam did
you get bread
oh you do lazy we just kayaks like two
hours and five all right great I'll just
grab a piece thank you
seven green guys look at all the cool
stuff they have here
onion bagel
the seven-grain guys I'm gonna do seven
grain
how to do this but
there goes see a toast
see you toast
I won't come back and check on you later
toast you guys are probably curious
about the buffet but Tahitian vanilla
coconut syrup fuck sir yes sir
they can
judge cell since Jimmy cousins
case idea for the kids eggs with Gary
potatoes this is a nice touch look at
this turkey pot stickers
this is maybe the worst thing I've ever
heard in my life
for those gathering at Hofstra one in
main cabin select Row three all items
language in Andover has been for taxi
takeoff and ending for gigantic soccer
team is in the cavity what is like you I
like when you're being more real
she respected her she know people think
your minds and get off before like you
can tell from gross now Jason is my
Trish all the time like no that's great
I'm keeping that in
because you are sweet to me all the time
you have caused me really upset that
she's she's sad that she's leaving don't
leave I was trying to think of ways to
like sabotage our not getting here on
the flight but I knew days and heavy
backwards kids but I'm pretty good at
getting people to stay I also thought
maybe like missing the flight video are
quite sadly terrified felt like I would
have said our flight was like earlier
than like later than it was it go our
flights not so five and then like I'm
like oh no I'm this shoot I didn't read
it right okay I'm really forget about
about that I'll give you 200 I probably
know right away to like sweep was there
one more name
you know nothing so crazy you did a good
job
cuz you could talk to the pilot here got
the pilot this year
great how long until we get
six hours okay thank you
it's kind of enough it's an off-color
joke I want to repeat it okay that or
not better keep it PC
yeah well we're back here for in the
second row if you need us
I hate your blocks because I think I do
stuff that's not funny thing you always
say this you repeat yourself every time
we say that I'm gonna try to be funny
American speak here but you are funny
normal
seize them I'm gonna miss our vacation
you know what
awesomo wishes us okay gonna have
terrible Ingham just may broken out
double chin wanted us to on vacation
like so great because it's just like we
get so close and they sense us we hear
it on my bags through the air pressure
of anyone do that
might watch it together yes Trisha wants
to do a first class review right now
I don't we did that on the way out here
you did a first class repeat oh man
awesome
first it's never easy if a nice thing I
wanted it to eat just a nice tank Tricia
said on vacation is one day she goes she
does she is what the fuck she was what
the fuck am i doing 11 a.m. and I had a
drink yet you know yesterday I went the
whole a without a drink and I was I
don't know it's like a very confident
person Here I am world like I let people
know what I'm thinking but I'm drunk but
I'm sober I like overthink everything
and like I don't want to say sup but
then when I'm drinking I'm like I'm
gonna tell people how I feel
I keep it all all of them nice and
silver
that's how I like when you drink a
little bit because you're not so you're
not so open like with your mouth but
you're very like your moral loose
we just had tacos oh I had the worst not
she doesn't all of my nachos and I had a
Fiat the worst and now it shows up a
place called Sammy's at the huge women I
have a blog much day because I was so
sick from the kayak pack was awful and
yeah I think I'll go over to food you're
right I feel really bad with a carb food
would you never say it's gonna be
cuz you know every you don't like to eat
you're always at all just a busy when I
bring it up you're like no no
we're gonna eat later like you get too
excited yeah
like yesterday you took me on that
excursion around the island it was fun
you like that stuff everything
disappears
by the end of a Jason what is that value
we want to change over my hair it's good
it's the line I got scared
yes
anyways this is my new hat there's a
three-year-old in front of us know that
was my biggest like puppy on the way
here Jason's like we're going to the
airport ins I've seen out the kids was
me I'd have to stop get them to pieces
and I'm like why not repeat does your
baby in the whole world I don't do that
my grades by
boss I'm mad at you
you're the worst person that's ever will
entire life please go away from me I
don't want you on this flight with me
anymore
security it was really funny on the trip
I like I had this really young
girlfriend beach
it's not an escape once a contract if
you think he has addiction he was before
I was like that is so sad because Oh in
every Minister I was gonna tell you I
thought you weren't eating like for real
I'm sorry that I would rate you I told
you what I rated your other friends and
I do care about me I'm sure you know
what it looks like no I told you the
movie stars I've been with before
they're like threes and then their
personality make some students
Jason sometime you're probably that like
overall package the - right
no it's not oh you're easily the
prettiest really easily
watch.watch oh you know
is if they had out
that game Franco movie
check the movie play
shouldn't we should've had pictures you
guys look at our match
I think on The Amazing Race
we have them take a picture
