is my outing today go and I pick with
hazy been here so she's been here before
I haven't it's my first time to play so
I cannot wake up yeah I'm so excited I
have my little booty buddy and we're
going to go lie clowns i am i youtube
have represent you don't really that i
think is only s way i think like
catholicism nanomedicine how are you she
I think that we just thought that out
what did you think
oh my god I wanted to get out oh yeah I
wonder there's really people like that
no I know that's not freaks me out is
including today anyway is that is
another thing like what don't we know we
get people missing anything and is up
carrying right besides the family I know
and I was like oh my god so scary it was
I like screen I never super racist so
different
yeah I think Antares is because
everybody what everyone would you know
way I get it I mean it's like that's
kind of everything for every fuck any me
do I think I would like to crawl like a
lame guy I don't know what the girl was
really pretty too that's pretty I don't
think she'd say this either okay someone
I've seen guys ever I do because I walk
to the I to get it no yeah he was you of
course Bradley went for the data so hot
they're all yeah brother was oh yeah
with Mike okay kinda and I kind of feel
like maybe that gets to this more tracks
out
oh I don't even think that's possible
but I love my pocket yeah I need to look
crazy great ones God you guys being here
are fried nothing from the nice day I
said it's been more kiss one
fitting that my skin is action grande I
have my different Hall disappointment
for that thing I miss Moorehead final me
today every talk about a forever plus an
acne scarring sunspots
and overall check out because of a
pre-existing conditions so sorry had a
nutri majide so see how so therefore
just like to she freaked out like Chris
can it's Adam who's getting them
right
and happy once to move into a whole
video on the results of it and I'm going
to get them to treat it but stop that
fucking TV we so fine and so nervous
tics effort it can be kind of crushing
until a kidney
I never go through mountain indicate
massage maybe so why so was that in here
like getting really I'm just fucking
with you
hey I'm here to McIntosh making with the
Machine if it gets call your BP along
on my booty buddy my compression
garments don't hate me wash me here oh
cool I'll make more
about me thank you
of you back
okay is the after I just got my dreams
applause and I had noticed a huge
difference already
just flooring going down crazy right it
was a little painful I'm adorable but it
was a little painful but hopefully it's
worth it
I feel vision how I'm done with that
been so crazy a third pretty crazy
series in the cattitude
it almost do it you're literally getting
fat sucked out of you all over again
except lucky basis you can get just done
two if you don't have like I like if you
just want to get us drainage who shot
ganache does it help the cellulite on a
squatter alright guys I'm finally going
to get my hair done today so I have some
other necessities I have money
so in this funky school I don't know if
I showed you guys it's not that Verizon
but like how cool that they haven't ride
them sent when your school throne got my
little Miu Miu wallet this is the mall
I've been using we sweep a protein bite
nameless key no bag I just got which is
from an older collection but I got it
offline and I am a big bottle CP I'm
gonna place my keys everyone okay
because my car is so not ready it's
supposed to be ready tomorrow I just
don't know if I'm gonna be able to get
up but I have my most you know like it's
a t-shirt dress I couldn't feel a little
uncomfortable wearing this out because
it's basically just like a really giant
t-shirt and I saw some underwear on but
um and makes me feel a little weird just
being in public because it does I mean
it covers my bum like a dress but just
feels like one of those big oversized
t-shirts you just wear at home chilling
I'm just running out of like outfits to
wear out with like a compression garment
and all my things underneath and also
letting my butt breathe so it's
ah feels weird to go I'm like I have two
more weeks of going out in public with
that I really like I have like a little
cushion though like what I'm into BRR I
have a little cushion and I have
application like a little blanket so I
can be modest especially like today like
a lot of movies wear your robe in the
swamp but like also when I go get my and
we meet when yells and after I'm just
call these two interesting startups new
skin this term of using practice for ten
years and in college I went to I'm
getting like a laser thing I told you
guys exist legally the treatment a
couple weeks and so they wanted me to
start using honestly animals it was a
scam because there's like a thousand
dollars like all these products we can
show you guys upstairs my bathroom I got
maybe ten products as like a salad the
dollar is not like and they kind of just
were like giving it to me and I thought
it was a tightly included in the
consultation which is a ten dollar so
just be giving these to me it's my pre
like off even those operation because
operation is obviously twenty five
hundred dollars so it's like okay that's
like included and then I went to check
out it's like $1,200 and I was like ah I
just oh it was weird and it's okay we're
killing animals go work but I started
today so yeah we could run magic my
shirt so that's when that day wha him
get my hair and nails done
elbow ug represent what what are we
going isn't any me swish something
together
yeah I just shows Hillary 20 bucks this
is like pretty now great don't you
morning guilty
why not wash memory a tumor before
filming McDonald's out there I don't
even know what I lost last step hiding
on the corner like a fuckin nut they're
gone back to the game could you imagine
oh I could imagine I don't want to
imagine how there's better right here
really light blue but it works I make
the hose off it today or misty no
machine oh it's an old collection so
everyone who's looking for you're going
to bond like eBay or something because
you came out a lot of them oh and that's
probably it is looking at me I can't I
ask you
for like an it works like that you it
comes this way my booty still on one eat
paper the other write down take me a bit
of goodness alright guys I am in bed
skin is super fucking a happy ending a
blog actually we have so much fun
actually um yeah I am possibly ending a
blog today with a flop the edits in
vlogs ah
I'm waiting for it to load into my
iMovie but I just don't like taking a
few days and reading some comments on my
recent blog that isn't posting and um
you know I coulda just there's so much
negativity these days I don't really
realize like read the comments for the
first like hour and then I stop because
I think it's real but I was reading some
because I had up for a few hours and not
like 12 hours now and they can't really
negative but I'm not going to address
that because I feel like it always
address I just want to say thank you to
those who leave me support comments
because it actually means I think so
much more I think more than you'll
actually know because um just airing and
reading encouraging things is makes me
whole day like it actually the negatives
of hurts and it makes me question myself
sometimes then when I breathe it even
just one or two really sweet sweet
comments it's like okay this is why I'm
doing it people there are people who
care and my review of the I like doing
it so I'll never stop because I truly
love longing like I'm just opening now
so far go ahead and actually love doing
it but for those of you who are
supportive and like watch me because
like if you care or you like me or I
know you're interested and even if you
watch me and you hate watch me but you
don't really mean , I appreciate that
because I called support help you know
it's cool to get views on your videos
and stuff and um yeah I'm just I'm
thankful for this nicely comments and I
wanted to make a note of that like so
often youtubers address the negative
ones and
you me myself included but it's just
nice to hear the positive oneself and
this cool shot me are so crazy inside my
skin is so broken out it's so crazy up
this new skin stuff work
I'll show you guys our next vlog many
whole skin care set up things because I
just started it
because I got bleaching one that like
peaches your skin or some shit but we'll
see how this works only been day text it
was like my first day using it dub by
the way some before asking our eyebrows
but these are from the Botox is II would
say though in my hair color she's like
okay can I try house are so are too much
I honestly think it's Botox so that's
why my face looks different
that's why applause cuz you're Emily um
yeah I was a boy shot so dude in now
Franco yeah and they're crazy and I'm
once i'll do another don't get wrinkles
I love you guys I'm going to finish
editing and hopefully edit this vlog and
senior this one juicy smile go fishing
mmm to my guys
