my edamame the skinny listen money on a
PC factory hundred fifty calories my ice
cream you can even touch the sweetener
let's help clear evidence over there
where the same element of yesterday
across launch I got student listen to my
prep with me I'll wear that slug she got
them get in the house I was like in the
lid I'm like baby take me out of house
today
nice caretaker of the day tale oh yeah I
know feels gonna get out and I'm sitting
on my booty buddy
not on my butt so we're done looks
amazing night I know I know it's really
good lighting here yeah thank you then
I don't know
our clearing the stimulus throw quick
sell la today can never exceeding with
it and you've always been there for me
how you did it I know you have to do
better
great amazing like I was like I was like
yeah I was before I can even like let me
see no suppose to say even one I got
like this particular my if there's more
stuff that usually comes with it I
didn't get it's like 400 calories with
all the stuffs great knowledge about
what do you got I got salad
okay let's chop down there's a
difference there's a regular tax plan
another the regular property with the
top I don't know what you come back you
think you want use IQ on the stainless
for the ring I'm assuming it's a calorie
that really is something oh you know I
thought you were asking me what's the I
don't know probably more cheese yeah
like you know Dario cheese this is
that's the first usually forget these
like buffalo students letters that look
season and we have mac and cheese
Wahoo's get a lot of like cheese but
where can your treats any bladder
without the seen all over the book what
I got that kill to see I wanted to vlog
and I can't reach my purse good I can't
bend down and he know my personal love
him we're going to go look at that
others I snatch that for you cuz you're
looking look at bottle on specific this
is that you look like an Instagram story
I'm gonna I'm gonna do that next
you look good this is cool yeah this is
a cool lighting we're going to go
continue being so skinny
according to juice it was a cheesecake
for dessert I know can you guys like
give it off ah gonna go get the green
juice hey Lizzy if the booty Jesus
called moon juice well can't ever been
well what did you just a minute ago this
that was hilarious
oh my god I am saying I'm not Vance okay
like that but to be you're so fat I'm
not going to seem so skiing and be
obvious and I'm saying this guy's just
know that I'm like being sarcastic
obviously you like it's not about being
stimuli some fucking carrots my asking
oh my god getting here so much better
than being spelling no somebody was
getting my side of the things me anyways
not the point but I said to head I'm
like I feel so super crystal when I eat
healthy ultimate why is that blaring all
Kazaam that's what I'm saying was really
cool is the glare what kind of but I was
like I just simply revision when I eat
healthy any like I mean what did you say
that's very ironic because life is a lot
of overlooked I'm not super special but
I think I may be met more pretentious
okay I just know that you guys know I'm
a terrible eater most of the time so
whenever I would eat like chicken
fingers and then someone's doing I'm
going to just have a good juice or a
prime example I wanted swingers I got a
vanilla milkshake house I don't want to
look on green juice I was really are you
gonna be that person but I mean I get it
it's it's good to be healthy I was just
a hater because I don't want to be
healthy when I fell that want to be
healthy buy them for things but it's did
I got the big move from back in the day
when I was trying to continue to you
remember that the juice hole is a UH now
remember that
but with that I remember what did we
call it and you were just puking left
right are you and you're like gagging oh
yeah what was that
remember that that was braless what but
eating is a good akin to what was the
similar to that I'm gonna get that
what was the other video we were
mimicking mocking up like a contest or
something of another type blogs that are
out there I don't know that I was food
contest or Oh New York is like you and
Shane would do the the sugar or the
doughnuts oh yeah eating recall what you
chose oh yeah ha ha yes look at those
cars Carla sexy look at you little your
tinder profile how long is because
you're looking really good by the way
I'm not being Cal everyone's like to
think it was definitely not I say that
all the time we're going on what I like
that way like nothing not definitely not
but like that would be the weirdest
fucking thing ever but we're like
brother and sister would you get your
brother yeah
okay all right now I know us I can
imagine my friends are really hot and
you look really this is like boom right
here right now so a lot of people do one
date you I'll be link your sexy AF well
they say your daddy ass gosh yeah that's
you mean your caption my face with you
in the car and I mean I'm doing it right
now through the subscribe place in here
cause we pull up in this all over
Instagram super into statement boys we
wasn't on that polygamous penis enjoy
sport probably not that'll be from we
have like a little sense and put on it
here itself along
not like chocolate a little Claude the
principle is really much one of these
like beauty gurus I'm so excited
once believe in a drink
there's our masking drink-related we're
looking for juice but we found this and
we're going to go get dudes out there
I'd like you're more excited for the
juice you're more of a juice guy I asked
you
so we just finished up with Peru and now
we're going to go get o put some point
you do like so close to share I'll use
the restroom activism juices so fans
putting abuses that was wonderful
so you do whatever so any okay so I got
this tic as a guide for me was like this
is really good
he says they get to come to the gym okay
so surely we can only two kids
well thank you dude ah didn't one
what is that what was your uh folks I
don't we need to be woken up oh this is
like the master cotton stuff right well
I mean I've had it I mean I don't ever
have this I try it
all right a gallant watch out I didn't
take a PFA half of it
my brother mm-hmm no problem really all
right yeah
oh shit damn wow that's creepy I think
we're like not get that much time
right I know
Tesla's like I thought I was going to
get stiff and he likes put it out he
like chummy Holly check the whole thing
that's crazy
I don't think she got for you to check
it I get my reaction feel like I'm going
to definitely I know I don't live for
this on my side check it like you talk
about like one two three Wow that is so
impressive
mm-hmm oh my god that is so good I go
you're not him Oh everything else is bad
cop
it has an application sugar in a bite
how about I feel much happier now right
look at me being so mean our journey I'm
being come here and here it is amazing
look good look at these are going to
have a different idea okay really good
you know I don't want you to be going
like why don't you good
I got veggie a major all notice after I
show you this next one is pretty much
with um both for you other okay so yeah
I got my own just mixing my own element
and then she put like foolish but other
stuff that was like she was really and
it's really them and it makes me feeling
rejuvenate and again forgot this and you
got stuff expand he goes off and stuff
on my crustless guides oh right right
the Grammys ahead unless he better than
me Alfred's Tea Rooms like we happened
that was like oh yeah just listen and I
feel like the spot agree
