comparing two people usually at a
7-eleven ocean so we walks of life guys
I'm at my house today we get hopefully
this will be the first of many outings
because I have been in my house for free
we're gonna have to use the not look so
move owns at 7-eleven
Aaron - gang and the copier sitting for
a thousand if you want to do this is the
first time that is gross for me that I
do not want to coke or clear beer just
to correct that I didn't want to go
there potatoes but I'm not I'm doing
better with my eating because we're
going to go to lunch and normally we
doing a little water today
push create because have a collection
but none of nice coming gets really
bloated I know it's like stalled a
swollen face it's for a few weeks and so
it's still looking at phone Facebook
we're going to know your mark shut up I
was like to it and
Thank You Ella the window is down so I
feel like someone could have killed
anybody
walking it I guess move our longest
found at the gas station for for moms
double chocolate losers would be now we
are going to stick according to it I
remember I said in the liposuction video
that it wasn't dicks it was I thought it
was sports story but it was fixed where
we got the compression garment and I
mean sweat pants compression shirt is
what Ross Williams do dollar bills what
my $10 no wait what do you need there's
not some dollars Oh
houses no not much either I think your
focus I'm going down there these things
are not working you on the ball Lucy
look at my mom being so fashions oh
using call student hold it outfit of the
day oh TD T brand and the shirt is from
with your Valentino horse shooter so you
though it wasn't you
yeah happens I know we got a really good
spot - we got princess parking today so
finally out of the house what Google
isn't quite so much chefs at six would
be so cute thankful things so it's
pretty good I just got Botox for the
first time leader or not huh first time
we didn't hurt you guys everybody said
get Botox all the time I've never had
Botox in my life but I got it this time
so you didn't know I'm transparent I
told you got liposuction why would I not
place I got Botox foot it was a family
of famish we all got shit cents Illinois
logged in it yester just came laughter
man yeah we did all we do have a good
line so so yummy so everything else good
my stitches are out and we are headed
back home thanks for the right day mama
- welcome ah being said good girl out I
know I love my house and so long I'm
like yeah
really so you guys I made it home what a
day so oh hello
so you have my little tennis outfit my
compression garment on um so Shane it
just left and go to bed especially
really glossing day as I said play 3,000
times in the slogs I'm sure good will
point out I have lost the house like
three or four I can only interact me
more Thursday like to make for five days
it'll really want it and so I feel like
look log and she's like a minute and so
this is a lost day because mobster day
tonight last night
woke up got a blowout on my hair my
angel and it was that I need a blob with
angel more cause like I'll get in step
but like I was like I always say I like
no friends I feel relaxed I do have like
I do have a few friends I do come and
visit me quite frequently and I feel
like if you guys I get it like if you
don't see something which obviously how
we're going to know something happens I
get it but at the same time I never
think about like there's anybody real
friends the one that I'm like really
close to that like we're just socially I
don't ever think like oh let's blog I've
been better at it or getting better
because what I enjoy it's a memory for
myself also - it's like a you know I
feel bad when I do say have they no
friends and I have people like literally
coming over to hang out with me and like
keep me company like Shane he just
changed his left and stuff in like angel
this morning but then I
shopping it we get tell today obviously
why am i were to happen to like it's
logged it so it was like a big outing
just at and um Shanee member chose
really excited is really good to guys
like question so me cool things coming
out and so so fucking proud of him I'm
so happy to know him he fellows fucking
inspiring and sweet and cuz it's a bus I
am I fucking from Shane so we get hang
out oh just Instagram story maybe I'll
try and surf Instagram story here let's
check them maybe I think it's a
boomerang
haha
sad whenever I like to do it but it is
kind of sad that like I feel like I need
to like even angel anything you over to
do my bun like you're like whenever I
left half of like what you go I just
like and you know like take a picture of
us cuz people think like we have falling
out and so it's like funny I don't know
it does kinda consume your life I mean I
actually don't care because like I mean
I like enjoying my living my real life
but at the same time I get it like if
you don't see it and like you know I
love doing this but it's off like a job
and stuff and it's like at the same time
I pride myself as being like authentic
and real it's like why can't is doing I
have no friends like no one ever comes
to visit me and I'm like literally
shames like always here for me so it was
like Colgate like Chipotle and stuff and
um shouldn't really polite I don't like
a bunch of you talked about things so
well I just let me even if we like sit
on the kitchen table arms like chat and
um yeah I just love shit you Mike ah hey
if you're watching this I love you so
much I'm like I don't blog because I
have such a good fun conference like
I've always said Shane is my like
conversation friend where we can just
sit here and like not violence we were
talking but like without the TV on the
plugins we hang out people's houses will
have a teeny really loud or music really
loud because they don't like awkwardness
you don't really talk that much I loved
is like talking to interesting people
and she's long I can talk with for hours
and I said that before I just it's just
fun like I feel like we have this like
big gossip session like it's it's just
so much fun so I love seen so much and
like I did want to like I said I just
love him I feel like people think like
not friends if I don't log as much like
when we first like I feel like well like
every little thing we do Hamelin blog
this and then blog let's rather than
shake one piece but even now it's like
I'm just having like such a good time
and I can join myself and I'm like
and whether they get the atom itself
like boomerang or some shit because you
know I like he's like my best friend and
I'm like I need to like I don't know why
you need it like for something this
wasn't going on a tangent I love him
well every one of my life right now I'll
take a pretty good life I have plenty of
good we shouldn't such harsh lighting
and guys look see all my grossest things
I'm not terribly look really disgusting
mmm oh there it is uh okay oh sure
anyone think please you know I got Botox
in my forehead today ooh maybe a smile
is better now doesn't think that I like
yeah never got Botox
just think about eczema cool that's
where the icepack that was at the
fucking coldest ice I ever come on cam
was a little bit for the long time
I love Kat she's also you think she's my
website like love for her she's
separating and for all you like you're
so gross get your lips like so many
severe lips done we obviously don't tell
me but like something like only I was
cooking and like when I looks like yours
they got my coming names or anything I'm
so cool look for this Botox is locks on
my whole face and I mean it something
you take a knife I shouldn't do that cuz
I want something else I love talking me
just say I'm so chatty with fucking
shame I feel like I just need to talk
for hours I could talk for hours he was
sick but I'm still happy King over a I'm
sick but if you don't mind as a lot of
mine well so if you're like dying like I
don't want you to like feel miserable
cause maybe she knows my name is
desperate you some company so now back
to my isolation pumps getting I'm going
to do this weekend so fatty I don't walk
with him subject a lot of words like why
I like I already know he works like
League like comment to him like oh you
just like leave tracer just like
annoying I didn't know seems like I'm a
busy weekend efforts like at least close
to get don't follow me on social media
at swisha penis follow me there because
I do try to posted something else you
like Jerry and that was like a week ago
you try pictures there but very early
it's like an Instagram story I'll try to
like insert those too but sometimes if
you like because when I do chains like
this really do much was funny and I've
not proof it's not recite
skinny but like not getting because
people caught on to my other friends
whichever that you guys flying
electrician like William John Robert I
don't know sometimes my skinny arms
skinny for like although that I had
before and after pictures from night the
docks today they're crazy they're crazy
like I forgot to show him on like
YouTube like if I had to censor it or
something like my vagina and so my two
weeks and I was like really swollen so I
need to do better with me eating this
week I just good but with calorie wise
what I was eating kind like not great
things from right now in yourself this
goal is she just to not eat salt which
is successful in songul for tomorrow not
eat salt and money therapy I heard those
are huge diet game changers and like he
said to me on a medicine video first
fox8 wife is one who cares he said like
when you when you get liposuction it's
like trying to kill these like soldiers
right a fat the fat cells are soldiers
and then trying to kill these soldiers
to be soldiers are like fighting trying
to stay alive so they get fat then
they're gonna like cling on to it but if
you document like stats going on to sell
by well what's Kelly's fucking fat cells
and that's my motive right now so guys
I'm going to bed I'm what are going to
squeeze me in this - this little thing
so just oh you're seeing a compression
um so like a Roland bud oh yeah so much
thanks for laughing it's a second in a
row and he'll vlog we just acknowledge
this please
I would guys I'll see you next year and
I cut off my blushes hmm
