Hey oh it's been a long time since I've
logged well I'm like hi I'm a pill and
you guys look well you guys I'm a man
I'm a family all right I think y'all on
hmm
if I could just pull y'all back a little
bit
hey guys I've got a lot of real pale but
I also know this is light awfully high
um it feels so weird to blog again so
I'm having my breakfast which is an
apple and banana which end up should
have sitting on at first I actually like
Apple well I like bananas - I like crave
apples a little more but you guys I
don't stick to the very rare I kind of
the showers and having that of my um
under from my garments on to control
like slowing and stuff this is um I am
nine days post-op and I haven't even
talked around in my channel however I
don't want to water in a channel before
sledgehammer as well I haven't even done
a video learning channels when I got
done it's not that I'm keeping it a
secret just Anna it's just um
I want to gather my thoughts so they
didn't know about the timeline at all
the audio and I know life gives you a
cue audience is asleep a lot of you guys
were like oh shoot I want to talk about
anything like my mom's your happy and
healthy and I really appreciate that but
for me I like me an open book the
procedure I had done I didn't realize
how many people had had done that is
never say anything just ask like we say
just an amazing presentation on our own
and I might we used to call anyone out
flip so so so many people had done when
it done and once I start finding out
everyone that was counting it down I was
like this is crazy like I honestly just
thought it was you know hey I'm going to
show you guys does it all have any mice
so they're being watched right now um
but I usually have unusual or something
for my arms you can see there's
stitching can keep stitches in my elbow
okay
and as you to know I'm on with you right
now doo doo and um
the procedure I have is not one that you
know in kind of what you get in blue
implants you see them the procedure I
had done and not something you notice
for up to six weeks and final results to
pick up to a year so where I'm really
swollen I have this eating the turkey
thing is it eating clean but as it
eating fruits is that because I have to
have some carbs and sugar as well
it almost sounds like later on but and
I'm sorry being BAE I guess I want to
make a really well thought out video
before I just really knew it willy-nilly
clips about there you know I mean so
get some practice lawlessness
maybe access every way
all three ahead Baskin second time I see
an apple cause I value most annoying on
Carrollton it's like so crunchy hmm all
right
I also been drinking so much water
because it really slowed him right after
my hands are so bloated all that stuff
so I try and drink two of these a day
minimum and then I usually have a look
Lori every other day but nice treat even
though praise your calories you to come
up meow well Prince your calories zero
zero zero although yeah Linda Chris you
it doesn't taste like it would be good
for you to sixth order to me what's a
good thing breath like that me not
efficiently maybe I should be choosy net
anyway so I thought I'll show you the
back because they rarely have we paying
off and my stitches will come out next
week see I can see the hole where my
incisions were on a little like blue
like that's our stitches so I actually
learn for after obviously I can't tell
you it's roughly doesn't scream
literally the drying area
and then you can see Amanda on the
elbows you can see the background goes
with two more fish and again I'm really
- at the moment this is not fire result
you can see where they marked all over
my arms so I know all of you guys are
like healing or was different at all
and trust me I feel a little discouraged
important solution today I feel a little
discouraged to myself to be honest but
I'm going to keep going with Lisa
wearing my garment all that stuff and
you know give it that full six weeks to
hopefully see a bigger difference but I
can see a difference other places in my
body but some parts and stuff you're
really not doing that and it's painful
but I guess I went to a whole video I
decided well cuz I haven't blogged in a
while and I miss you guys
and I'm sorry I hadn't really updated
you guys too much I've literally just
been lying I mean I can't release it
down so I've just been um some rain
which is nice on my side but I have been
doing live shows on you now you know
that complex a dot penis so sometimes I
hop on there because I don't know how
much to do and I'm just like imma fuck
you guys so I'm back to doing live shows
I don't know like how often but I've
been doing a lot lately be honest
demonstrate more water it's also much
better now that I'm like forcing myself
to drink water I really do not dismiss
sometimes it's like annoying but you
feel you feel them
wasn't my skin is like getting better
because of it too I mean I was how about
scarring right there for some
now but overall I'd like it's helping
stuff I guess I'm gonna like wash my
face and on hand ahead we find Jeremy's
coming over to visit today some super
trainers want there something missing
Avenger
why you look pretty though I was looking
to visit she kept wanting me when I have
a makeup off now Wow three men she would
be worthy easily and their circadian
specification is I haven't human bu I
didn't even bathe in a few days she
comes over and she's like how would you
have a shirt and then look at the shirt
she wears are related my Hamilton shirt
brand-new Hamilton campus tones we the
People's Revolution oppose Alexander II
a lot of dollars you should members and
know it's actually here show me that arm
not the one holding your beard with the
other one no bring it closer to the
camera see that look the right little
red peg put the red peg close Wow okay
now it's that sure because I entered to
win a Hamilton like thing or whatever
and it was like 400 or something for
that shirt because why but because since
it listen it's not give it's a $400
shirt you you bid $400 and hopes to win
the Hamilton prize package of a New York
trip but you should take me if I'm
wearing but it's like you know when
that's why I got the shirt because if
you don't win the consolation is that
shirt but so here we're going to board
but the $400 goes the red foundation
which is an AIDS Foundation so you're
actually doing something good by bidding
some start putting into the broseph
Breast Cancer Foundation oh my god don't
say that my mom my mother and optimism I
am I am look at you as is their game her
beard I work and I know my reward
knowing I love you for coming over into
someone's home run me asleep America
tomorrow we are going shopping like a
voice mmm that's what I was 16 you can
you see yourself in the thing oh you
guys are loves on still huh huh
I can't you never will you look
beautiful RPE IPE PD so we're gonna have
a girls day tomorrow and I haven't been
seeing anyone I haven't been blogging so
human being thank you for coming open
cheetahs restaurant
these are these pants and I found and
she thought they were super cute and
then my sister stolen from her so now
we're going to go back and get Mauro
stole utterly walks from the dorm with
him on Nevermore I'm gonna take your
hands off is free of it that's what you
do that's what happens in the F head
spell Murray and roommate problems are
and what I'm doing with those glasses
I'm done blogging yes your daddy I could
get the door
actually Italia was my mom's like are
you sleeping I kind of was then I got up
which is already waiting for me it's
actually night at one of the vlogging so
anyways I have been lacking on the vlog
game because what I need to get a new
volunteer if you can't tell if he's
going in and out of focus and drives me
nuts also I look crazy I wash my hair or
Washington he's in literally like three
days it's disgusting I do Watchmen
pillowcases up tomorrow but it gets a
little tart meeting when you can't
really do much you can't sit so tomorrow
I'm having my two week one day post-op
and then ask them what about the fitting
thing because I feel like I should be
able to sit a little bit at least to
drive and stuff I'll let her have a car
back yet so it's a Walther Odile I'm
getting that interior redone so anyways
a mom came over to take me drive my
action for tomorrow
let's stop coming over tomorrow I don't
know why it is it guys are you even
listening if you're still sitting this
far thumbs up this video and I honestly
have a big old place with no hair my
about haircuts and red and I don't hire
action to it anyways I'm kind of
rambling cuz I haven't really talked to
anyone in like a literally like three
days my friend Jeremy did come over and
told my blog that but I Instagram story
a lot so I don't ever point my camera
sometimes he'll to see it on this tram
story we had asked what was fitting
being tomorrow I still can't wear
underwear pants and a tassel at that
because I'm like I cannot go through
another four weeks not where his hands
are not sitting like it seems crazy that
seems extreme but I mean it's that's the
case I mean I'll do it but just seems
like I should ask um but yet was on said
come over I can work just so we can get
a head start in the morning go shopping
and like do lunch and kind of get me out
of the house and go to my appointment so
Campanas my rap and we're about to go
back because it's a little bit midnight
no I'm going to rear likely at like 10
o'clock so kind of fun to beautiful pins
oh come on anyway gel I'm going to bed
and I will see you guys in the next vlog
which I don't know what how these lumps
are going to be pieced together because
I've loved very sporadically these days
but hopefully I could get a full day
vlog in here soon and I love guys in a
position to see you fishies your child
needs cific sexy fussing well you were a
lucky which is not like you because
you're so tiny and well feed I sleep on
two by the way because it's easier to
wash just the sheet if you have a sequel
to no underwear because I sleep with no
underwear I feel I don't know reserves
like appeared one weird person I feel
like this gives dirtier faster I don't
know it's weird right
music maybe else not the case so I just
sleep with this and I kind of do it the
hot dog method fold this over and then
fold that over on top and then I do with
little faces like every three days I
have a good washing would mean so much
so I'm what about forget okay ha well I
have your favorite shampoo Pantene pro-v
and herb licenses sponsor of this video
doing every Shabbat and awesome three
more to them tonight mom
nice
