hey everyone good morning it's after I'm
in here - cool um so right now I'm going
way down without we are in church
together and there we praise worship our
Lord Savior Jesus Christ amen
um I did a video last night when a
channel so just laid out how many
channels right now I'm sorry I'd like
securely I know it looks like bright but
the dark road people murmur but not a
lot
um yeah hi today alright another whole
day because I don't wanna go to sleep
with this much happiness and excitement
posterity that was in yesterday and like
you know because once you sleep on
something good or bad emotions you know
the next day is just a new day and you
just you start with a new slate so I
wanted before work that it's doing so
much love and energy and positivity and
I made a video and put the system why
after and I still feel free to love this
opportunity and I feel really really
blessed and I'm listening when things go
wrong I pray so hard about because I
know prayer works so one I pray I'm very
probably a dozen times a day human
element I'm always praying for you to
district something to eat but randomly
and they compared the story or the
struggle or speech no matter how the
group small or how big or small problem
is that always pray like with someone
else jumping and even I don't play right
there with them because I want ever
offend anyone and concern our
questioners in a way for every movie you
know
eisah bleed and I saw where the console
side okay
you like confetti to save someone ah
questioner know exactly you like I know
specific consequence I've never made
that way that's why I never play for
funders of a long equation but I'm
always paying for that and I pray so
much more when people mad that when
things go good
I gotta pray just as much because that's
also about doing and one thing that I
have to get things that so from one
church I don't wash it all the same let
me whip it up on the color a like
whatever I don't want official animation
because it makes me feel really really
good and I love going to a place of
worship with other people that are
praying I think so it's a powerful thing
and it's hearing like you know God's
Word and you know the way that the
priest deciphers the message reliable or
the readings of the Gospels whatever I
like to get that and I should go more
often I should and I used to go of my
heart because this warhead wish was that
that um very honest um you know I should
I used to know Allah I used to go every
week I just go every single day there
was a time when I was living with my dad
or like very transitional
early 2020 census like a head strips
getting back into sarbanes and I was
boiling every single bag so trying to
figure out to here way out because to me
the circles that were that were not on
your classic strip club
it wasn't just me I think you'd only
make it was dirty it was gross it's
gritty whether what I saw the movies my
striptease is anymore we round comes in
as music you find out dollars I want to
take you away no one like that it wasn't
it was gross and it was so I just didn't
know I think it's nothing a little cuter
not real job I could have real jobs that
cannot hold around it was very bizarre
and when I say real jobs and me Mike
working at Disney bit about her waiting
table that were three canals especially
Brody that I worked with both the lush
world many movies like I did have and I
worked at like coffee bean at the other
building for like it was having a real
job I just couldn't hold it at some time
another clip that looks I would be fire
ever fired from my job but I always have
a lot of people it's actually really
embarrassing and I cannot defend my life
but
you know and I was also trying to be
active I got just jumping kinda was able
like my job at night I tried to do
during the day like videos itself into
what I did a lot anyways I prayed a lot
I was littered every single day and I
was you know that was the hardest
another time line and I flew in church
you know that's gonna work and I'll help
you but it did it didn't like it was an
instant gratification I was like I went
to church prayed and he had obscure club
like I give them something more I
massaged what I'm doing something I had
guilt for what I was doing I felt growth
I felt 3808 I don't really go to the
literature club and I want to poop
sometimes you know I don't judge anyone
so I don't know if we do that I just
felt wrong about it for me and so I had
so much gel skin but my god
no you know he's looking all knowing
that so lot of feeling guilt I know and
I was a condo that I helped found on the
part of it you know he's only none and
so I'm sorry I know this is like a
really like Christian baseball if you're
not Christian hopefully you've already
clicked out or something but if you are
I know you get where I'm coming from it
and if you aren't but are curious about
community or just prayer and general but
else's help somebody or help get you
motivated to get back into with a lot of
us group versus relax come again what's
going on for appreciated it still what
attention for Europe pamphlet which is
the branch of unity and a lot of people
still anymore they don't pray or believe
in the universe or curva in a way
and I know I'm really offended by this
bit putting that the universe is praying
like I don't feel like people don't
realize that like if you said putting at
the universe and it will happen
yes but Perry or yours you're speaking
it on to God and you think it happened I
know Evan has different beliefs and
ending with karma is your school ah yes
I will even a8 and my Karma - that's a
golden rule do unto others as you want
to be done like you put out good you'll
get good you put out so I do say karma
and universe a lot to make it more
mainstream to guys but for me that's
prayer and about following God's
commandments and unless it's oh right
that's what I'm doing LCS and Christian
music Makara later do Krishna we know it
went so crazy and a lot of more things
to bless a lot of myself as very heavily
sexualized and on to that now you know a
lot of they look normal so concern is a
open country
he is wanting our computer like it um
the way I look at my I don't specialize
myself in a way that I want my question
to thinking so creepy to spot
like it was a long
I don't look at I don't put myself out
there for to be left out there I know
but you're seeing other words lots of
people are going to do they're gonna let
look some people go looking out in the
girls so what I do is do a confident if
you like see for myself that that is I
mean truly because I don't really have a
large male fan base you know a lot of
you know porn stars or whatever are
really sexual people on Instagram I can
see our models printer model he'll have
a very large male fan base oh yes
they're being left after not that it
matters and I thought I mean they're you
know that's their thing but I don't do
that and so you just say anything
argument you know wearing boobies
legging today will cause guys to lust
after you like there so people can go so
hardcore and hardcore Christian there
are real missions the one that does that
but hardcore like Jesus lover sometimes
will be like that's that's not Christian
either when lying is where they get an
amending fear lady parts like particular
maybe another driver I know I just devil
God based talking honorable into a job -
and I'm hungry which you are drive
around and write a post
hello please come forward the next
speaker Hey unless they have a sham
friction Oh God she watches everything
you know what it isn't
hi
yes w oh yes I am can I get a number one
egg McMuffin meal what would you like to
drink orange juice and on the Egg
McMuffin can I just get the egg and the
biscuit no means you're no - you know me
real few guys perfect and then can I
also get a shamrock shake everything's
good with you sport okay
boys welcome okay no worries
can I just get a medium iced caramel
like like a like a like a crappy yeah oh
you want to come up okay oh yeah
caramel my bad okay more a medium please
really room is that okay
oh good woman thank you I think I can a
little different now for nothing without
you I think I killed me
Bruce she's never work everybody knew
for them it was early how's that how are
you doing there's a holder here anyone
Thank You Billy Oh No thank you
thanks so much
I'll get me as much thank you so much
come on Isaac you go Instagram
first step in the personal chat RZ o
like a mole check
Caliban mmm
I don't have it you're like snap Pacino
mcoppins along up using hang on my
daddy's on another way loose on my life
Haley that was my role top three I love
you guys I would eat but I won't get
freakin reading the same for humans on
work with the loser
hey is that story that it was mine so my
resolution cut it off to your I swear so
much I'm compassionate person that I'm
always want to like I feel like that
gives we put across more but it really
does that kind with each other our life
so much so anyways third place I was
forgetting our son almost nice I'll also
take butcher missus leads up
easily here's how I did that originally
on his voyage that fish made for myself
bye bye so we're in a hotel and I also
so cute so I had to share this with you
guys
let me vlogs anything today I thought it
was so question candy strawberries cute
little guy this little cute guy and
flowers and I am in WebGL is good
because wasn't i living this to be the
end of half a night but I'm glad it is
so I mean that's a little vlog I didn't
know it off the blog today cos I didn't
know shit expect but we're going to be
in this hotel the next week
so I know I'll be walking but probably
top mushroom flowery
