oh my gosh I was driving as a stoplight
as on my phone like an elegant Instagram
or something and it's my home control
and I window he's an unmarked car took a
white SUV and he has a roll on window he
looks okay
I do anyway they normally like this
experience human being a peacock um so
he longs having rolled on I went out
which I mean you really shouldn't do
especially like I know but anyway I do
it I shouldn't and he's like do you want
to get a ticket and I was like what and
then he like flashes like a shirt like
shirt was it go picked like a badge
imprint on it but it wasn't like an
actual badge he's like you know testing
is once I mean I well obviously I'm
sorry like I'm like you want to give me
a ticket I don't know what to say I'm
sorry
okay I'm Barney like sounds weird I felt
like odd and it's an illiquid shit but
you're going to pull me over you're in
claws like havoc or something you're
doing it to get give me a ticket don't
walking be a fucking dumbass about it
anyways
I substitute some snacks I'm down in
Orange County today or something but I
don't really want to talk a lot of yet
but anyway I stopped to get gas and I
could I don't know that was a bunch of
snacks today relationship eating public
were a positive outcome you need to be
able to music video stick which is kind
of a fat chick song so I'm get away it's
probably okay if I'm a little plumper in
this video I also got another husband so
she can appear I haven't got my period
it's supposed to come like ten days ago
include people like watching news blog
which I'm going to go which is crazy I'm
not pregnant
no but we're um and then after that I
squat I just never said like people kind
of gross like independent people behind
Matthew said that blossom we are like a
six-hour dancers are going after that
campus center which it's not sick I want
to ask and we're at this Bank it's from
dolls kill GG gorgeous is oh and I got
this this is really cool I'm gonna tell
you
iced coffee vanilla coffee I'm coming on
the GG gorgeous is documentary just
everything is coming out on YouTube is
came out on YouTube Wednesday and some
because are to me about it and I'm so
friggin proud of her and I just oh my
god like she's everything it's called
this is everything and she's everything
I'm so fucking proud of her as I said
I'm an Instagram post it's like I I
always just think of GDS who GG just
like when my sister you know I'm and
just like so to see you're like on these
billboards and just inside like
impacting so many people's lives is like
so crazy like overwhelming Keenan me I
couldn't mad how she's feeling but I
just always have known her as someone
that like held my ham I got my lip
injections came over during my last
breakup and like literally just stayed
up all night she could have gone out to
the club's associates like a lot of
people are asking her they go to club
that night went out to dinner and she's
like I'm just going to stay here with
you and we just she were my my shirt and
my pajama shorts and we just talked him
bad and this is a few days after my
really awful breakup and just I cried
and she's listening she's amazing and we
go to Vegas together and we eat it was
the over-the-top and extra with and I
just love her so much
and to see her on such a cool like scale
of like impacting people's lives is so
cool it's so freaking cool because she's
just easy to me she's it's literally
like it's my sister you know I've known
her for so so long and I just love her
so much and I'm so happy you guys all
too and I said I'm happy to even be a
small part of eternity show the part
where we go bra shopping together I'm
super honored but the part where she's
getting her boobs done and her dad and
stuff like that I'm like filming it all
on the go crawling it for her because I
took what was her dad I could read it
and her dad to surgery and I had
breakfast with her dad and her dad is so
amazing and it like I feel like this is
a required viewing for everybody for
every human being on how to be true to
yourself and also just from Gigi's dad
so selfless and loving and accepting no
matter what your background is no matter
anything like just the fact that he's so
loving and just like we all should learn
that from him and from you Gigi and it
is one of the most touching things that
I ever seen so anyways I'm glad you guys
are loving it and makes me so happy I
got so emotional that even expect
I also lost my keys in the process or
something so I'm going to go find my
keys and then I have to go to advanced
mental so yeah anyways that's what I'm
doing and um okay oh and I'm wearing my
sake mark shake protoblood edge to edge
bedspread sure Chrome I cropped off the
hoodie logically I can't find a crop
city just cut it off like cut above the
pocket just go pappadimos and then you
have a sexy cop city all right you can't
boys laughing master Harry it's kind of
weird I love the pornos
I feel like a limitless exhibit some
high rise but my office today though I'm
going to be comfortable tomorrow's video
shoot land for heels and pajamas I'm so
excited about it but to be super company
so it is really I'm doing right here
when the new home opens at 10 a.m. I'm
here bring that at noon James some nail
holes are post office hair appointment
car wash medication
to get packages pack for tomorrow all
right so somebody which looks so white
so oh my god
say justification comments and things
i loving up early I don't know kind of
fresh Dave
perfectly lawful to check on Jesus these
are my Rihanna puma shorts i love
it's a beautiful thing Hollywood
fucking stairs laksa my Gemma confident
polish has a lot of walking to do so
okay
in that council give him a hand there
I have super team Iowa get the one in XY
for that because my shower this morning
of course Minister again tomorrow Nvidia
and shade which is exfoliating sometimes
outer layer pants and Saturday and off
are shooting for to do today
so this noon has last three eight two
shades and three showers so right
and nothing to all times all associate
and literally couldn't camera back up in
a minute
I love Callisto only ones that wishing
for now I know that caboodle of school
any purchase agreement going on go get
food locker Braille I'm sure liver like
you I just love things when I do that I
owe me a thousand favorite childhood
memory
nothing's okay pretty newsrooms the
national organ in G and unity those neon
favors do ice cream they don't get olive
when you be passive and I'm just going
to every time look at that one computer
in the target and another right private
Omaha news from 2000 years
I was looking for I have getting a card
but they got so lonely out there and let
these little put you on the set
15 months can area Cookie Monster
section at all you are these officers
like the food's actually eat or cook you
I was walking around maybe piece can we
get you got chocolate very now and I say
son Betty and some yellow cake thankful
going up again I keep being cold
I'm here to tilt I'm really excited
about legit just finished heart eating
show you going from Baja Fresh - oh my
god Shake Shack was right there the
whole time we did not even online
rosamma career realize living the life
right now kind of work essentially we're
going to issue a Missouri job such thank
you hey guys this is the night before a
music video and I normally would always
go to circ diet with this is s Cal said
I'm getting ready for the party rapist
party so what if you can just have some
dinner
look at him no here from today all right
he wasn't rally to broke everything I
think I males are so so I don't know
what decided what images see I just got
a shower now you're all being on making
pale body in this hour being all wet we
got this anyways more at paladin we
never what neither one of us had it
before respond I'm just doing this vegan
by the way it is not like a couple of
sips of coffee that's all yes so happy
why do you guys want all the food all
the woman is ordered I start one badly
yeah yeah you wrote it alone
oh we just had an eat liver that looks
like a Muslim exactly I was like a mini
muffin it was there wasn't a many it was
a big one but part of what you did say
which is the true second we didn't need
all and just like yeah like kind of like
wounded on all little chicken is it bill
that I don't play around
why doesn't the sort of chaos takes
announcing you with freedom this is gone
I respectfully mine Oh rally not is it
Rihanna and so what are you doing
everybody what are you guys doing out
there tomorrow
comment below the grid then also great
hasta grande upscale always yeah we're
doing a music video tomorrow feel might
mom know Yan from the barrio intercom
Saturday Saturday what do you guys like
Tom win a free trip out to Hollywood and
this video that was really cool I was
really happy I'm liable if something
happened to someone like oh I got lost
or I got kidnapped and I would get sued
then feelings is that packing today now
lost week every good in here MTV excuse
me is kidding me I of course I did nice
a name for so long line you see one
talks about YouTube and it's up the van
Halen
like moths weekend they were often
advertised it was like q2 q2 right and
the kids that won it if you ever watch
Lord sliding ever looks like it's
shining right now but I'm mixing the
color corrector oh my god you are so
Douglas so no two kids I mean it was
like thank you like Hartsburg like there
is rub dinner it was like the guy that
you would wanted he went in anyway
because he was like selling oh my god
and and they they sewed it back days and
they brought it on stay involved and
make roof deck paint all over sweet here
Ellen for Sarah they can't wait what
everything David Lee Roth that we're
just about when we're ready to turn that
buckle family Robin you're watching that
sounds like heaven or hair I look like a
robber and I look all crazy and I get
crazy time so I literally don't look I
usually look hotter than this I swear I
don't know why I look like a boy game
what are we what are we doing that
you want to do it he would probably be
like yeah collar Babli Rob
he was key to the intro from an aperitif
your video you have all those by the way
he did multiple intros you have our
efforts are okay but you are not exactly
like a model she's like all the
different one in it was just one but it
was always always it was one video you
remember but he did differently
different yeah Oh on YouTube we might
have to Julie Roth I love you so much
where you've been this one guy of there
Brandon we can that was everybody maybe
may not know but that was like a dream
come true beautiful video talking about
it because I just be in healing and that
was out of the school experience
oh we think about it I guess brings us
all gel like I was a good experience
oh you made a husband you second item I
love it oh my god and I need some rock
stars
water even the great time like look
around your lane come come don't get me
wrong you know me like young hooked up
in the daytime we got there like um cop
even anyone the comments I still my wing
it up this real family what I mean we've
had lots of Lea's African children as
well but you have to know to me about
was gentleman selling in the prison any
like he felt a curious
you have no know that weather for you
how are you I see you know what we did
when we came right back okay which is
really good luck come on in the video
oh I just eat so much food we're
brainstorming we're steaming whenever
I'm with him we've seen Dean for our
leaders for the good the better of your
channel that's right
great for that specific show got
anything in a long time you know
so now might have something to get rid
of some of the same familiar faces a
little different our rocky and income
does turn right now
is that a name for that and I brought my
camera that give me a video if you are
you and I are like I'm for game what the
heck
anyway is branding the night at the
gross and that I would just say good
night wall just now is a really big day
in Texas but I got a family at home self
any except the girls yeah then I from
the bro and from the toad a couple me
like my house
just water better just beautiful how are
you got it are you this
that meet up everybody and make sure you
draw out the link is below the
questionnaire keys just be able to
Amanda especially weekend with Trisha
place
