boy
once that dot behind me is a dodge white
Challenger I won't want I want one like
from like seventies up anyways there's
his dumb fish and this fucking blew me
sound like a fucking dumb bitch I was
laying on my horns but like laying on my
horn like we were literally on I don't
know if you see how let's kind of start
to row two mountains it's called
Thailand which is like a huge Street in
LA like Hollywood and Highland is like
huge cross centers where I'm headed when
Highland goes very fucking far and it's
the Main Street everyone uses and there
should be idiot drivers Saturday so
there's a lot of your drivers AuSable
with this girl like this huge stretch
that is just like so essential so busy
like I look for that full-speed minute
yeah I was just go with like the flow of
traffic with my nap so just so I can
like give you guys fucking dump it and
being so stupid on purpose
hello hello okay anyways um oh okay I
will use a 35 but you didn't see this
like stretch like it's busy it's like 35
that's crazy the Highlanders why anyone
people I've asked but like now we're at
a stoplight where there's a crosswalk
but like think of like this like long
stretch where there's like no stops I
think I don't know a mile right that's
where we were going like a mile with no
anything
there was no crosswalk and it's like
you're going with the low traffic which
I swear it's like maybe now that we're
getting closer to the tourist area it's
slowing down cuz I swear back there it's
like more it's like faster but she
literally just stops
she let this like couple it's a very
heavy heavy Jewish population which if
this is nothing towards like Jewish
people in general it's like the Orthodox
Jews they're the Orthodox Jews think
they run the area that I'm in by the way
I mean I know it's I'm so bad cuz if
you're not from LA especially like the
Wilshire Fairfax District like you're
gonna not get it because they're like
crazy they actually think they like own
it like I actually think they think they
own it like if you're not in your
Orthodox Jewish out but they like
literally look down on you like I'm not
kidding they look down on you they'll
bump into you to run into you they're
like go in front of your car they they
don't care well anyways they were just
like crossing with no crosswalk to like
I'm having a story time video which is
like not even interesting but they're
just crossing with no crosswalk mmm I
got a chuckle oh my they're out and this
girl is like I was like waiting for them
but they're also like in the middle like
wear this like median is where like
there is no crosswalk there is no median
their harnessed in the middle of traffic
and this girl's like waiting for them to
go I'm laying on my horn because she's
I'm not kidding she's probably sitting
there for 10 seconds they're not moving
I'm like no no you don't let them go
there's a fucking there's no crosswalk
and they're like crazy and they're just
being insane so like you go and because
I'm laying on my horn this bitch is just
sitting there for an extra few minutes
like she literally was like a minute
because I think this Jewish like couple
was I scared to cross like they looked
scared I don't they're scared of me get
on honking but like I was like why are
you in the middle
of Highland Avenue which is like a huge
fucking Street and like really busy and
yeah and what do we like because I have
not managed to get that I don't know why
I was I was like ready so early - I have
no idea why because I was ready a little
big an hour early just chillin you know
how that goes you show like a long time
in that too much time has passed a days
I got up so early because my hair makeup
was early trip on my car really smells
like oh it smells like
sour milk it's the most bizarre thing I
took everything out there was an open
energy drink that I like maybe like a
drop of like liquid in itself and then
there wasn't orange juice like a like a
like a tiny little bit of orange juice I
guess it might have been sitting in a
while just started getting sour I kind
of get out why this smells coming home
because like my whole back is clean like
everything's clean it literally felt
like it was sold like a skunk
rotten sour milk skunk it was really
really gross so anyways um mister Sun
such a car way smells so good when we
dance always he always smells amazing
and I'm gonna start smelling good too I
feel like I shall wear but he smells
like actually amazing film anyways that
was my thing and there's some pictures
in there just and then they finally
cross and like but all the thing is it's
like two lanes right it's two lanes like
this alright you're on the left lane all
the right lane isn't goin so they really
can't cross and sitting there does get
the Pricer anyways I'm over it so
whatever I'm like I'm on this bitch's
ass like you volume it were like
enhancing know each other I'm gonna go
check dumbass
I guess by wrapping the driver you just
have road rage all right I'm gonna jam
to some warm nineties one-hit wonder it
wasn't an ID that's like roots and I
guess I don't know I'm so there's a
whole line again hyland huge hole lined
is ready guys which comes in I think I
wasn't paying attention because
I love it once you guys get it check the
Karma
oh my someone blogging this today that I
don't don't bitch about people staring
at you and you everything calm well some
people like look and take pictures and
smile and some people just dead a stare
at you like you're an abomination
hmm what the fuck anyways follow our
journey at the rare movie
it's a promo for this thing
back the rare movie ballets facebook.com
slash the rare project that's I don't
want them I'm not usually with simpler
like youtube.com slash like Trisha
Paytas I'm sure someone has that but
also I don't want to change out of them
I feel like you can do that I tried to
be at one time I tried to change my
vanity like get a vanity URL because I
try to do that one time and um which I
work on YouTube I used to and I don't
dance
whatever break up today by Sam Visser
Sam is a 17 year old makeup artist who's
brilliant he was 16 when he was doing
like Kris Jenner good thing this traffic
is flying me Raiders for I just getting
one where I'm a different kind of where
this away I guess dave has
here braid up so they're going out do
some weights for a while we shoot the
video where I'll help you on the real
hair so we just like save you buddy hair
present you a pen Patriots Jersey I
don't even like are you Brady's hang on
my boy boy like Oh a new england family
what big tree examine what he's like
you're dirty as I kept fellow Patriots
my fellow party animals
we're gonna go okay okay that rooms
pappan maybe that's cooking us like old
people they all casinos better hold
because but I live for
me and my own little Chanel right here
my friend
and medicine you ever know want to go
see a movie go Superbowl Sunday because
it is completely up G in the parking lot
Theresa huh no I'm getting you in it oh
you're my star - there's the tourists
huh wasn't it pussy way in
boost your wagon how you say that in
French you're like we don't say that
friend you don't sit up
bootcut noir shut how do you say it in
Portuguese
that just makes me think too much
sorry can't make it big so we are on
Universal Studios run back lock there's
Nicole it's just so quick so we're
shooting it the think musically as we're
doing text pouting for the dancing and
rehearsals and this is New York Street
which is so cool yeah and they've shot
so many movies here people thought that
the tram goes by - so pretend the Tramp
was by him I was like yeah it's always
been my dream which is shoot here cuz
yeah Galera Elvis Presley walk down
these streets and change have it it's
really really cool stuff like one of my
biggest dreams come true bucket lesson
mom's coming everyone's coming south
my jeans are boots what about my trip
over there desert me so hard
never have to never have to pretend girl
supposed to rain though I'm praying it
in the right way
we just finished a dance video
now there's the Tramp
that's what you do just wait when you're
on the tram that's the funnest part
about this whole thing is just waving
we're going my choreographer my favorite
person everything in the stairs right
now those are easy
oh yeah you didn't dance on the stairs
you better actually
you ready to dance on the stairs okay
what song do you want I'm gonna I'm
gonna sing a song for you you're in a
dance in the audience yeah okay ready
I'm gonna sing at your I dance we gather
there better hanging from the ceiling
low we use our bodies to make our own
video get on the music that makes us go
fucking crazy yell okay like summer
party if you go to oh that was actually
everyday if you go to studies class
that's how he dances yep come to class
and we like do what we just did
that's Matt Matt all right so we're
getting out
we tell that which other babe huh it's
gonna be so cool guys soon
