alright guys I'm having some breakfast I
just had a full breakfast at 5 o'clock
milkshake you got this little turkey
singing and his shoes his handrails on
planes I don't know if it can we see you
I'm adding of your be sown he's like you
this job in there
why wasn't I was even know I'd like you
to know okay sorry
we're back he's well he was on the
outside last night so then I'm like oh
he's a mess let's hang out again
oh look what do you think you didn't
seem to do I was tweeting me I do not
see it
I was time everything I didn't see if we
guys were tweeting me pictures and I was
like oh my god
kale burger deal is he's a big deal
right now we're talking about a I'm
going to live with me for a month I
gonna get live in what if I need you in
the middle tonight what if I need you
out like two o'clock Doreen well we'll
see come on it's my mom's but anyways
we're having breakfast and I have me why
your shirt
Manor you know what forget this all is
I'm like dying oh yes
thank you
the thing
why oh yeah I know absolutely Jennifer
Lee has already done enough back
look at you Oh women clean your lawyer
you don't decide red now it's not nasty
red needles
you are such a liar group you just had
two friends needles and how they get
this right you lied so bad look so
sleepy
we're hearing that hi
hot crawler now as the July we handed I
hear them was alight you can't do that
one the FDA approved all ready
you ask
babies right
but seriously there's an is right
there
ha ha ha
to be serious I don't believe you
Instagram
yeah I'll get it
to the spirit guide
thank you guys
really trendy and Hezbollah best to
secure building
right family not so
certainly everything in alpha while
we're keeping sentience BiPAP secure
with an annulment Serena and her lips
are like this
we know gamma y is Victor so really keep
it there her treating iZombie I thought
you just wrote a time in real Starbucks
will stop using his s guys these guys
they from
holy this service is the only one doing
it from bugs no it's not how many right
now even dead insects they die some of
this price coffee
there are four people in disguise
and ingredients carmine and blah blah
extract or whatever that's worth and die
there's insurance through the world
power floss Terrence
happily that idea was first in the
hospital
because it comes from a job and they
have some supper work you know like what
Wow
whoa that implies I think because I've
seen exiting sending wait after
publicity
the company
halite so I went sorry this mascara user
doesn't Iike cheating me
let's all that one my just buying it was
right guys yeah
do you see the wrench that's in your
attempt no not you you're dancing like
y'all with this one same precise pretty
this is womanizer and I'm the consortium
and then she's out
stop quitting okay you guys right GG
gorgeous is premier we got an early
salon like the VIP section I'm like oh
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Erica
duties yeah there you are
there's our popcorn he's like I could
have dress like down a note that man is
down do you live in Auckland
I'm just saying uh substitute date
whenever you need that is not cool de
calais now we've been planning this for
months I literally called invited oh my
god to put a lotta likes blondes and
every time he's with a blonde they
always have a wing on dance and
everything
dammit are playing yeah we should go on
there actually next year for tales movie
mmm-hmm what if I slip it out there and
like it actually happens next year and
like world free market down if you
imagine
sure okay we're putting it out in the
universe what's up Robert we go for it
right
I guess you have to do it your way that
is and then what I said in himself when
I said it has to support kids I mean I I
am I grew up my parents are still alive
and I did think that they were there
invited something great flavor there I
can't imagine not having this support I
don't know what that was it a mean
before it all happened and I meant that
when you told me you're transgender and
when you told me you weren't gay so long
as for a second I thought it was in
Italy so I thought people make a box of
the night and I just want to show you
guys my break because I thought it was
kind of cool I felt like that was pretty
fly now I thought actually guys also
when I close it is clear on pictures at
one time say like Photoshop I actually
just closed like this which is a little
bit apart but now I thought this was
really cool actually
it was such a good job it was my brain
even really comes off and still pumping
and then we take off my makeup so I went
to obviously topping it with 2g
screening and it was really amazing and
I'm just so lucky to know her I'm so
proud of her and just being so like
brave I mean she add you know I have a
personally and obviously I've known her
for a very long time since she was
literally 18 years old and I just I
didn't even know have to struggle and to
share all that she's amazing she's just
really amazing it's inspiring and I mean
everyone should go see it everyone shows
you that one gets on YouTube red and not
slob I just that I felt really honored
to
to snow her not be to be applying this
so funny I you I remember the salmon
okay the the her boob surgery where her
dad and she's playing so I was actually
there
thanks a lot sparkling her dad and he
would he was just as amazing as he is in
the movie I was just I was it was
amazing anxious with the night with her
before the surgery and in that hotel
rooms it's like it was still chilly to
feel that because you know just living
it with her and I guess you just don't
realize how through there it was not the
time I just remembered the yacht is my
friend you know we're just telling and
Michael is happening but to see it all
put together you know her story it was
quite remarkable thought it was cool to
be a part of him cool to release because
she was a long time ago but I love her
so much and to me that's what YouTube's
all about and I was super happy to be a
part of Iran tile manager who was like
you never come to be save anything a
teen a Catholic it's Judy she's my my oh
gee up until even when I haven't breakup
last December like she was here I was
listening and just being an amazing
amazing friend and I just that jinhwan
like we've known each other literally
since she was like 18 maybe younger 17
and Scott is just so surreal to see him
on it's awesome so proud for it so I
guess I know or I just think of ours
like my friend just Gigi's an awesome
chick who's genuine real but to see on
such a big scale and science and it's
like it's amazing because everything as
her title is just because everything's
John Ewing I'm good at writing for fun
thanks Cal for being my date tonight
yeah if I want go on about it go stay
because they are a little uncontrollable
students so other youtubers are at more
about one on one person if you guys
can't tell us up
I'm just really cool to see completely
amazing movie forgot so maybe your
family and of course her so I was
alright one of tomorrow we have another
way for entertaining beautiful all right
now guys
