Scarabus galloping side is also known as
up Buster always think about what he
wanted to sit on its book ass so no I
don't want your mountain no I don't want
to give you my I know I don't wanna meet
you know and no Ottawa and running up
and no I don't wanna them I was a got
again yeah no that's on me and I'm a
passenger side of the best sound guy
challenges hopping today so this hair it
totally turned out like you'll see here
today like wasn't really the inspiration
we were wearing white and just what we
like heard in CLC it's like I want it
like Britney needs like old-school like
90s Britney would like the pigtails on
the side but my one like Christina was
like the hair edginess and then I was
like and then my hairstyle is all those
like we should do like and then you can
make a picture and I was like he'll see
okay so John Michell but definitely
turned out more TLC because of the
classic but I'm kind of obsessed in the
gate hold on I said I kinda want to
bring it this looks back like this is
kind of everything is I feel crazy like
I tell them is I'm crazy at that hair oh
I feel like a little crazy because
people are like loving it I feel like
like push yourself to be crazy by the
way do these posters everywhere in LA
and I'm fucking obsessed like I cannot
wait for premieres next Friday and all
my grand people are out of town so it's
a suitable in Houston math Roman glam to
floor from so they're all going back to
do like hair makeup for the Superbowl
for autonomy I don't know nothing but
yeah I just I love it I only got us so
funny
yeah you can buy half and won't go
you can Victor knows if it says so
little I mean I've been running around
looking a little oily like all I have
and just
all over the place today well this
morning I mean because my cleaning
people were coming and I wanted to film
a video before I went because I don't
videos after I danced that I'm always
late I'm a little worse for the wear
after gonna sweat
little more matted yeah I slept so I
wanted some at least one video and I did
I was able to finish it and I spent
don't like stream of conscious videos
when I have like when I'm in a hurry I
wasn't in a hurry cuz like I had an hour
ago and I sat down to film it but I had
like other things from around packed my
bag I had to leave a check for my maids
and so the thing like so for his real
problems like ah I mean okay when ideas
I truly feel like I'm in the answer
titles like I said one get one because I
get like my hair and makeup dead and I
think if outfits and I loud okay Allah
said so much because he he like it's
always like - attention - and so like he
likes according because like any one
person against the defense off course
like I think thought it was like weird
to like corny like I don't know like
he's so serious and was like they
thought it was like so serious like a
recital reside or now I feel whole thing
is weird I think as an adult I think
that they're probably 25 like we're
Damascus people but I still love it like
I'm a fucking kid at heart so I love
tiny people are like down the mat they
want a coordinating outfits I think it's
so much fun so I think that's why I have
a lot of fun with Cedric - because he's
always like texting me the night before
was what are you where Anthony like
pictures of what he's just like what
he's thinking and then I'm gonna say I
got back to get that see so it was fun
and I think as we like to dance more was
like progress was like the elephants but
I think like I don't know I have so much
fun I just have so much fun and I'm
super excited like I actually don't get
frustrated myself dancing with him like
he's the first person ever that I don't
like get frustrated with myself
which is really weird so I'm really
comfortable with obviously Shawn but I
would get frustrated and I get really
upset and I don't know it's like weird -
so I just feel like no pressure cuz it's
just I don't know maybe it's just it's
like a new years and a new singing and
I'm just like fuck everything like I
don't know like when we're turning on
classes anything so anyways
at level topic you guys are very good
and as we are dancing coming after you
and you wanna dance and it's more
contemporary which is no I live for I'm
learning more French lessons that you're
so down the phone what super shoes I not
Instagram look at him
are you texting my mom a mom and grants
French mama mama
uh-huh every time I work together I'm
like how do we did this in French how
you say this in front of you hate it and
you get so nervous me mama Google mama
haha my mom might be in France oh we're
going to France y'all we have a song
sing the song go ahead oh damn you know
we're so distant you actually really
hate however like stay far away from me
part of the cruel behavior increases
better in real life
hey and then love which is me cuz I'm a
psycho bitch but now we are waiting
we're going to change it to our costume
costas heart my guys I allow the bad
girls because he likes to like courting
with me I love it it's a show we're
entertainers myself so watch the show
and I mean oh la la la being literal
life goals of engines look Linda vlogs
okay um
actual boyfriend goals um guests on my
boyfriend this is my phone this is a
boyfriend's phone we went to go see rent
and it was losing
boyfriend goals like try to say mask
like actual turned on to talk about like
she is killing it killing it whoa I love
to look at myself like we did can I say
we did like a full on sexy photoshoot
oh of my boyfriend'll I know it was like
he was undressing and I was like
pictures but I feel like maybe nobody
will ever see those regular did you post
I was like I mean I guess I'll go tell
Mitch supposed to sexy but I have to
brush my abs on no body goals
no body goals hundreds is that body a so
yeah everyone says were always drunk and
drinking literally looks Roy we're all
sober and we're sober at all we're sober
is how al Qaeda studying and we're
hungry we're hungry we're hungry
life life to the Romanian cheese honey
and then you can perform a concert part
of our relationship terms is concert
also document if I die mitzvahs he'll
say my funeral but I just say that you
know regardless of his label says no
Orange manager so they're not Emerson
okay so he has to and you heard that
singing run and what would you think is
2906 Lennon all the other one meanwhile
we funny oh we don't pay we don't pay
the only thing two seconds ago
yeah sorry royalties royalties and how
Bobby or salsa doesn't pay me back well
none
I love that on Sunday yeah we bring a
drop on save you think are we have to
whoa yeah nobody not can i you getting
married
Pentatonix marriage listen one fit mine
by and love right typical rich equals
summer sale
hey guys to dance studio it looked a
fella though these boots have an insult
money compliments like yeah I want to
talk so if I'm working at Hooters a very
short I'm going for any I'm Sam
I was kind of all on my hair and the sky
I was going like I was finishing the
turn like it was just about to turn red
so finishing out the green arrow and
this guy on a bike was like walking
across the crosswalk and he like so
basically is like the light turned green
for the other people cohort so I my turn
was over and then um he was going and
like that he got so mad at me he's like
young it me like stop like yell at me on
the bike - what's up you're doing it on
sorry even though I was like right like
it was still my turn to go and with all
I'm sorry and he sounds like that's just
funny of that we didn't have to be like
that and I said sorry even though like I
literally don't get doesn't honest I'm
sorry so I'm gonna cry with a flogging
some Henry's I'm going to go dance and
hopefully get my mood up and I see how
ultimately wrong way and the alive
acoustic versions come out on my things
as I was writing here it's always I'm
driving here my stuff goes on my kids
own pick that up
my secret entrance VIP in terms of
getting your garden so crazy I was kind
of six I don't have one huggable where
because like shows you half they're
gorgeous
we make it's heavier and heavier
botanicals I was working on my dance bag
story of my life
if you couldn't change you guys at all
these clothes but I'm trying to find
something to dance in tomorrow and you
just can't find anything to wear
does anyone else's think look like mine
after they wash your face just like
water everywhere like can I keep it on
waiting so
Oh
dancing with those guys
and oh oh did this kind of prison what's
the dad hello hello yo yo what's up my
bitches yo yo you get instant just as
your girls going dancing with a voice
Eddie no I don't want your number though
I don't want to give you mine and now I
don't want to meet you know where no I
don't want other yo yeah
you
so daily French lessons a socialist
expose on your resume which means watch
out
you
you guys like time you har this guy
Waller then Gordon gonna be part hot and
hot these Mamaluke out and if there's no
Sun and bad you're gonna see me standing
tall because you know that I'm warrior
to do this come on you're toxic enough
looking under there taste of your
fortunes everywhere
I'm addicted to you don't you know that
you're toxic so we should not go down in
flames so I came back I was some four
seven carotene and you keep telling it
was only a mess for the fame we're not
using luck
a warrior princess now Barbie Sinbad
thank concern love it so much
you know - oh yeah you know all the race
- teenage an uncanny you're gonna give
me gave you a hat okay video all that
there is to hear my heart is told Ms II
said II wanna come you can come
Walker my gosh dude watch these tears
run black and blue when my strength is
really gone - babe the Morning Sun we
saw flowing there is nowhere
you better know one thing for sure I'll
be like oh yeah it flat cut it there is
no turning back
you're gonna see me band and Paul
talking when I'm away
