oh this is so cool uh you got the
diamonds are forever oh my god there's
the perfect Hey oh my god I feel so good
mom you need to pick there was that one
was there we are celebrating this one's
birthday I'm pretty to be it looks
beautiful
oh okay no that's the vodka what do you
don't do it is so funny
Bart indeed I've never been you
perfectly amazing so did you miss me out
special occasion don't burn yourself
that is so cute dad you both hem here is
just everything snapchat and I'm kind of
a ploy to get a different one to be into
the drink
always count on little left over there
to know what's deal if you have it all
along no okay it's just an opportunity
for folks cute it's a cheese trap - is
that way and we switch spot sits there
and don't have skis because what will
happen oh sorry that I really hit well I
don't know you does something like that
okay nope no phones night opportunity I
know I'm getting me in living summoning
so bad I am either oh my god oh my god a
second a little surf porn thing watching
willing to utility
oh my gosh
Sookie oh yeah well like we have so we
have another one coming we have the
pop-tarts we have lobster ma press
coming to a dieter in the dough Tim this
is called Barton jeez I'm so excited not
to say like bent upward or anything but
like Shawn would always want to bring me
here okay and I don't know I was like
the other why don't we go it's like so
fun now a lot of talking to them
architects really go ahead look for a
map but whatever I'm carry with you guys
and with nothing and the band over there
not not me oh my gosh so you get the
toaster by tamama oh yeah there we go
little bride right there so cute oh my
gosh so cute
oh my oh yeah
holidays anybody okay thank you
yeah I bring you to see okay it's like
kind of everything like a little epic
they serve this like hello just like a
whole restaurant now your meat eater my
mom got a big bag of bones over there we
switch the cappuccino wedges suddenly
Hoss non-viscous on like that oh my gosh
happy - oh my god this is so funny oh my
god we have been oh my god
oh my god oh my god thank you Wow oh
yeah coconut cream angel cake
what do you have is that mark on that
cake over there to the rubber duckie
Eggman with the rubber duckie and this
dolla dolla bill okay so you just hope
it over come on coconut oh there it is
an arrow at the top alarm rings I'm so
good
tough words it is so good
we're popping the rubber nuts over there
put the hands of this rooftop farm to
get some rain she does look specifically
very strong enough Holly it's just like
I want like 10 years old it's called the
ship's bananas what was your song not
quite no mine was
Duncan mom loves apps for apps
pretty cool up here oh nice actually oh
that a model
hey good morning everyone it is the next
morning and I thought probably in a blog
so smudged it sit down to edit this vlog
and just camera I need to get a new one
is any camera shion's let me know
because this camera goes out of focus
but actually had heard that from like
jewelry and a few other people that like
these cameras just go out of focus like
they're just setting not setting any to
me off you know my eyes are bad as is so
I'm not one to be adjusting okay
yes I'd let me know but I wonder well
because I never possibly end blogs but I
feel really good this morning despite
fact that I have a bunch I hate so
yesterday was the day I posted my damn
city arrow my first video path and my
update video and I got a lot of hate you
I'm expecting like a few haters but I'm
a I got a lot of hate and it's at the
point where I'm not going to not
complaining that way it's at the point
where I feel like I'm not going to share
really personal really personal details
we don't think like about my life which
sucks because I really it's good for me
like get it out because I don't really
talk to people about personal problems
so it's good for me to get it out but at
the same time I don't it's a kind of
like hinder me if I don't get it out you
know no means if I johan watches like
not bad at the World Cup
I mean says because I haven't been so
open lately or I haven't been to open as
I have been lately on YouTube in the
past and I've infected but if I I'm not
going to open and I was very very scared
to even talk about in my real life or on
line just because I didn't want to make
it a big thing because I do live a
someone healthy
lifestyle and you can't change that
overnight like as scary as it all was
like I I mean obviously when you're a
bigger person
you know includes health risks I know
tons of people who have like diabetes
and don't eat well you don't mean like
you even if you have something so
serious
it's hard to change your weight it is
and so I know I'm not gonna be able to
change overnight and so I was really
scared for that out because I know
people are going to judge no matter what
like they did love me and I mean I look
I guess rightfully so maybe it was my
mistake to put that out there maybe
that's why people don't talk about their
health because social around had cancer
everyone's like well she's eating dust
that causes cancer is she doing this and
we'll do it you know like everyone I
don't know why this doesn't focus on my
face so I need a new camera suggestions
you know everyone just has their opinion
and that's fine and I get that some
people are genuinely concerned and they
don't want to see you like die you know
but I always say at the EMAs day like
you can't you know you can't force an
adult to do something right like I mean
it's one thing to be worried about
someone's health but you know if like
someone who smokes or sometimes I'm
protects sex with drinks a lot or it's
really bad or you know this has an
unhealthy lifestyle like they probably
know it's unhealthy and I'm saying but
Jacqueline you they're gonna change they
want if they want to change but anyways
not the point it's actually just wake up
in a good mood you guys I was realized
that I get I was getting unab seen
around he commented answer no so many
hate comments that's the post on
snapchat which okay just real head
address and then be done with it my
doctor was like totally like exercise
like the more exercise the better and
you can book about cuz all you guys are
obviously Google experts you guys can
look it up also I'm just going to say
and hungry mother but exercise is like a
good thing and I'm telling you up until
what happened happened I would find that
day it sounds like there's someone
through video today I was who I felt
totally fine then it really only lasted
like a minute and I was fortunate but I
think a lot of people are most are not
understanding what exactly helped them
because a lot of people are so quick to
diagnose on the internet and I don't
really need to like I don't feel the
need to defend myself because it's our
absolute point once at this point but
all I'm saying is asking a lot of hey
and you know I said and apps I should
let that like bother me and I figure out
of age like I don't know she'll receive
like actual receipts not like you know I
mean like try and like defend myself and
have like a witness but it's just like
is that I want to live my life where
everything I do I have to prove so
that's why I'm like you know why what
you see is what you get okay if I don't
show it then it didn't happen that's how
we're going to live on the internet
because anything I don't show I'm not
going to walk and that's it because I
don't really know what else to do like I
get so much hate and like I said the
whole point of me doing this was
actually to instill something on you
people can only make you feel how you
allow them to so people want to I don't
know what the quantity comes I'm going
to bring me down trying it meets up with
YouTube videos I don't really really
sure because I'll always be making
YouTube videos I'm not really sure maybe
they just want it like really hurt my
feelings or bring me down when we feel
worse about myself especially dance
video now so there was like a wire
comments on our fake comments on me both
on the state video or the some things
that happen video and then on the dance
videos all like you're fat you're
supposed to be in too much weight like
don't wear those pants you gross like
all this really really nasty shit which
I haven't heard in a really long time
and I asked angry and I haven't danced
in a while so I get it and like I you
know but I guess just like saying that
out loud to someone is like so weird to
me and I guess I think the only purpose
is to make you feel bad and like having
you stopped doing something that you
love like I'm doing something that's
active that makes me happy and I guess
people just don't want me to do that but
obviously not gonna stop and later you
can only like actually like go and like
really think about that or like starve
myself or
stop dancing or whatever but like no
then that's allowing them to let me have
the self hatred in me and stop doing
stuff I love and it's like no like I
want to be happy and that's the I truly
believe it's a choice so this morning I
woke up and I'm like you know what so I
deleted a lot of comments and I do feel
like you're deleting comments and I
don't want all videos it's something
that I haven't I just hopped reading
like it was just so overwhelming and the
density was overwhelming um but you know
I danced with somebody and I'm sure he
watch it reads a comment and I just
didn't want him to think because people
are sick people who watch me from the
outside and know me in real life they're
just like oh my god like even one sister
I was building , she is sitting on the
couch last night with me not something
common so Jenny so much almost now why
are people so mean and like eight and
I'm sure other people like people who do
not mean is are just like I don't know
how you deal with like so much hate and
for me it's like sad words like so
normal that I'm just like I'm like it
actually like you leave a comment and
she was like I like that and I just like
honestly it just like doesn't bother me
like I start reading and I see it's
eight like block like I don't know you
know I just I just it doesn't because
it's so normal for me that I'm just that
doesn't bother me
so anyways right okay so that's why bad
and put your sucks that it is but you
know it is what it is but at the same
time you get hate comments where you get
Matheny's when you realize like you
don't work them like ruin your day you
know they could be having a bad day or
they could just be nasty people or does
unhappy people and don't let them ruin
your happiness and in both those videos
I was so happy and finally feeling like
I'm like myself again and like fully
myself I think you talked about
yesterday in the blog and I finally feel
like I'm me me and me I'm a cop so
anyways that's my little spiel and I
don't want you to ever allow anyone to
make you go well I've done it for so
long it's such a waste of time it's a
choices day is such a waste of life that
God has given you and I I think every
day we're alive is a gift from God and
it should be appreciated rejoiced and
celebrated so I'm celebrating today as
another day I'm on this earth so you
should do and I know I make you feel
inferior
give up a quote by some
that I don't know I like Eleanor
Roosevelt I always had her quotes not
like little they always like on our
teachers like whiteboard with white
boards on top boards I'm Jake arrest
anyway so I wanna add this vlog which is
distance oh my god this is what looks
like moments like blog on itself which
was a she killed hmm a little bit of
positivity no sighs come at the end undo
the one okay okay oh hey other fillings
and one things my teeth are rotting
their clothes feelings and I get it
because a lot of goods are young but
they were black back in the day you know
they're right now but if I get them
replaced all right
