okay bat at the blog Oh like just
literally just getting up those oh yeah
like this road you guys I'm back to
blogging oh my god like so okay I'm not
going to rehash everything something
major happen I thought I was okay enough
to like vlog again and then I was like
no I don't know it just it was too
overwhelming but I feel like I'm finally
like ready but I don't want to be like
I'm back and I'm like not be back so
you'll probably see a bunch of blogs in
one because I don't know what I was
lugging nothing
today it's the first day that I'm like I
mean I've been happy to be alive but
that I'm living I'm not sure I've been
doing some it's called volunteer work
but I swear to goodness at clean as
cliche or TVO to sounds I'd be finding
that right they make this true um
volunteering is like to be used to lose
me because it really does more for like
you as a person I never really
understood that cuz volunteers with
foreign teacher such as nine books I've
volunteered before it places um I feel
good that I did it it just felt it did
feel like a little more work I think
finding that right cause that means
something to you and that really affects
you in a way is is the right thing and
that state one is better than the other
but I think the one that whatever just
as a person as a human being whatever
you connect to I think it is like
the trick again and I have been
volunteering I had what it means nobody
else a felony yet but just causes like
something that like I honestly feel like
I should be paying somebody to do it
because it makes me feel so good so I've
been living but today is the first day
that I'm like I feel like myself is that
me son
in a long time by the way I've been
blogging and I've been you know trying
to put on the Trish mode you know
YouTube mode um I just haven't fully
felt it okay and today we've by the way
we sprayed on these roots this is like
powder spray angel is the fucking most
amazing genius ever angels in Washington
not only I'm the best friend you are the
most talented but never I'm very lucky
that my best friend also happens to be
one real talented hairdresser ever he's
insane so good um and I know he's a
talent I honestly feel like God is like
holding him for me like for when I like
really blow up and I need him like every
single day to like just be around me and
I can like afford to pay him every
single day because obviously has to work
just like everybody does and I honestly
like I always think like he's gonna like
blob when you're really big which I
think you can totally write like my
heart I might I think God's holding him
for me because you know they need a
message of a support system but also
like the hair is so bomb that like I
don't want to lose them but I know is
that work might have won a stupid a was
one by gamma cannon but yes but today's
the first day where I feel just like
papi like I don't know I feel like
myself again
I think because honestly immutable
display will to say it right well I'm
issues were coming from what I thought
was from my breakup but that's not even
a thing in my mind anymore I am so happy
to be alive and like I'm just so happy
to be alive like I asked me like nothing
else matters
if someone doesn't want to be in my life
sucks but I'm so alive and I'm so a
person and like that's I'm happy you
know I really truly am like I said it
sucks when you like love someone and
they don't mean it sucks it does like I
can't live but I'm not dwelling over
that anymore or dead yeah like I can't
because when I was in the hospital I
wasn't like the only thing I was
thinking was in this movie selfish
whatever but that's good I think I need
to be more selfish was I'm alive so yeah
I wasn't thinking about any anything
else actually slide the first week was
thought it was my mom my dad um and
living on my death so I get this one
thing about Lucifer's person you think
of one something Tama and as my mom and
dad and I just wanted my mom with him
I know it's like Peno parents regardless
of what I think about my parents and I
love them but you know because another
man so regardless of that they were they
have been there for me you know not
always I heard was that but most of the
time they've been there and there are
people and that's cool others house
people who be there for you like 95% of
the time you know what I mean um they
weren't always everything time they were
there for me there's so many little
thing could have done but she's always
in it so that was the realization too
and I know I'm just I don't want to like
go on I don't want all mm it was really
like I was shaken I was shown as they
say but uh oh my god is all the weird
sickos that are like where's the footage
why when she found why would you look I
am so sorry like I'm sure I've seen
bloggers do it when they've been like a
well ii go to the emergency room and
they like pose not pose like take
pictures in the hospital like that is
the request thing I'm fucking planet
Earth I thought about was not yeah oh I
need this for proof but like anyone
who's been to hospital for anything
seems like that is the last thing you'd
like the last thing you thinking my
phone was like a lug it was one of the
last things but this is like the very
last thing I thought and I was just like
sorry atleast freaking my hands up
I couldn't even believe it but like it
doesn't even bother me because I'm just
like me I said I'm just like I'm so
selfish at this point that I'm like just
I'm happy to be alive and who living my
life and like you know doing what I can
then living life like honestly just
being outside and breathing and being
around people like it makes me really
happy this design but I feel like I'm
part of the world like part of the
living which I think another thing was
my isolation and all that stuff like
that was not good but I'm just I'm just
happy and like I said I've anyone
thought I was selfish and narcissistic
before well but you ain't seen anything
yet because I'm on this whole other
level of narcissism like because I like
to get back without almost like a
selfish thing because like I was talking
about I talked about my movie about
cuddling with babies just like any guess
about cuddling babies and I honestly
feel like that something like that's
such a privilege like you know I don't
feel like that's a volunteer thing like
a charity thing you know I mean um and
it is privileged cause they did it they
are very selective on who they like the
program but anyways I gotta just do more
of that stuff and mines up that
quicksand-like work that clicks with me
like charity work affects what's closest
to me because it I swear I never knew
that expression like it does more for
you than it does for them like kind of
thing until until is past week so I'm
going to think about it but um yeah just
okay so we'll talk about that okay
um so I'm going to go dance oh my gosh
it's late - Wow completely
I'm excited and I want to do something
you feel good again and dancing is one
of those things so I love unites them
logging and adjusting displacement I go
down
and yeah and that's all I'm gonna say
and I think we gotta move on or I'm
going to move on that so I didn't make a
video or a vlog and I just wanted to
give an update because I wanted to
update you guys where I was also take
symptoms seriously if someone says oh
it's just anxiety or you're just having
a panic attack like maybe that's the
Katy spread rather be safe than sorry
and because it's happened to me what it
was just an anxiety attack and I was
like red or anything sorry and also time
where it was more than an anxiety attack
like you're look at that better safe
than sorry
so if you have weird symptoms that come
in gonna feel right like go to hospital
okay bloopers are ruining away okay I'm
at the Gantt printer and I was so
pleased okay so we are an hour in and
I'm already plating such as what to go
pee Oh like sweating already
actually I would check the ears on but
yeah we're dancing to one my farm
examine was good there was no video for
the songs I really wanted to but
sometimes when I create like a new album
I forget the old pump so now we're into
this game it is cool here 100 Colo 69 69
is right for me outfit
I love these pants they're American
Apparel Americans hell is going out of
business so if you want them get them
soon I'm here just be honest hundred
I can't work any zone keep my water
house just like when you dance bag my
next leg my gym bag by number the gym so
my dance like there's after we really
well it's working
BAM to work have you seen the blogs that
you're on your no nois yeah yeah I some
zeros this is all their time they see me
oh now there's any bias they know I'm a
crazy bitch to do so they know I lose
people out of my life I like to say I
love someone and then like never see
them again but what you guys together
it's working hello we're doing our
sweaty and right need to be n we're
going to and you think I'm gonna dance a
question you good yeah another she's
going in you like you good good thank
you learned so fun it's so cool I learn
fast like an accident you guys you know
he doesn't you tail with your you can
just your name better
yes the dribble oh my god I know here
you could get oh my god why did you tell
me I'm a youtuber so he does not dance
again citiziens classes and I'm just
like um I wouldn't do that fit so you
want
I like that one okay yeah really hell
yes on the ramp
let's go four wheels I'm just joking
come up yeah ready let's go
it's just like right in the face
Wow
I think I'm doing more unless you know
what happier what so we're sleeping one
no I love one more we're good to the
last four yeah the poor flooding this
what I want I know where this is going
yeah nice Miami shit you're also really
good oh so don't hang shuttle City what
they're ready heck off you get it
Wow
okay doesn't do nothing for 100 hello
I am people dad I'm tired
oh my god I have never been more worn
out my life in a good way in the last
video I did two dance video wasn't Sean
in November last year so we're in
February that bit higher
it's ago and it's all emotion only like
40 to 50 seconds and them but it was
done because I'm I need Nike jacket on I
love this jacket and I have some credit
different deck not when I walked in and
I'm going to show you guys or not okay
this has way too many bags on it
but William and I love rejection so see
so it's hard for me to find people that
I connect with and I cannot judge him
instantly sound like a skew the fun game
I like a class compares gasps because
her mom is in movies do you see how
happy I am when I dance I don't see him
like the world's greatest dancer normal
here I feel like this is like a time
when home in like attacked me so I
should not walk at the Gothic you can do
this but it just releases like he's
really happy endorphins and we M you
know I used to like dance with other
people like we had problems before with
John um don't you can't say it was like
it's like forbidden um you know I think
we're not fun that like you know I like
to have fun and I when I'm working out
like have fun and I like so you know and
I love you anything I love my dancers
elongation with all the other people
against miss play it just do anything
more awkward I guess but I don't know
maybe because I don't know metric is
just like super fun like I just
we connected right away and it's just
like a fun sense later my numbers like
oh my god romantically no no no like
just make a fun sense like we just I
don't know I just like people who are
outgoing and I'm actually quite shy so
like if if you're kind of side when you
meet me and I'm kind of fed limited to
kind of shy awful if you medula you know
something
sometimes they know it's literally
talking to myself
sometimes I don't like overtime people
but in August's I'm absent lately I'm
going to go home and
we had a film
I'm here to marry now hopefully every
notice promises API when I'm going to
the prefer to do back and I don't want
to even hear it in the comments because
I type I don't care I don't care what
people have to say about it I said what
is my troops and what was happening that
people are upset or thinking it's myself
or you know won't define for me as a con
man whatever I don't care no need to
feel sorry for I'm living my life and
I'm breathing and there's not so anyways
you're at 53 and all RS facilitate up 50
and hot woman I could see her in the
reflection or window she had like
they're a mealy fuck is it so hard she's
loved
consol work bench way request
so and was that people says who will
surely just sit there I got right back
there
so do your arms off of the fuckers and
you also mention there's at 63 $1
