that'll be better and when we present
I'm Emily pheasant and you guys it has
been well it's been a while since I flew
up and I know I was puppy and not best
but it's the first day and eleven it
days that I have been at my house now
I'm sure you're going to probably see a
bug like the day before this umbilical
which is all welcoming yesterday out of
your house but the timeframe was between
the last log you thought and knowledge
file updates I haven't even edited like
past logs like this is the video shoot
so I added all those so I mean I'm sure
the Google judgment this up in you know
college order of when the absolutely not
like confused when I'm talking about it
like
um
I'm going on a hike a hike today with my
writer producer and friend you know I'm
a hair stylist and I guess and they're
all they're all there for me like I did
you know I know I was saying ovarian
people really want that for unquote work
for me don't mean like
I don't look super like a you know the
user job for me and I'm having so puppy
bowls
I worked out of the morning as well
we're going again but yeah I just want
to be a brand and not miss ellaby are my
friends oh I refer to that mad look you
know I associate with them as they're
like writer/producer but a nice family
or not do you need music or anything
related with a super squad and I can see
how much alapanai to me and I was
awesome and I love it so much
I actually mean
a lie
would you from what I consider like just
like a regular for anything me like I
don't know
no anything you like wicked
I don't know how to explain what kinda
no I'm like I've lost my mind it I'm
wholly gaining it back
so this is someone who like I love so
much and like I just I love like there's
nothing you could possibly want for me
from me you know two-time Grammy Award
winner like news youtuber but on soman
Keaney and tours performed with the
greatest it's like he's amazing and not
the pictures like do your friendship but
it's nice to have someone whose
affection on you just because it's not
because they like want the thing I know
this company it sounds so weird I know I
don't know it is really cool I'm
learning so much as you're watching this
we love you don't want to know
I do we use me of them we are going to
see you together which I'm really
excited about I welcome it if he does
get me up with the Texas really
I don't know you didn't literally
monument 89 I think Tim is me I think we
may be scenes of my meltdown and a lot
of you have everything out supposed to
bills that work for human commission you
on top of need an organized they do you
feel like even more of a burden because
you feel like now they're just like bad
for you
you know they mean I don't know you
really can't win so that's why I'm just
taking people up on their offer to hang
out in so everything will be random and
anything that they're like hiking trails
in your hands which is actually where I
used to live in a town where I like it's
a small town actually look at the seat
power super small on Venice can watch
Isaac's wallenstein and right there the
killer so he knows of a place near there
Rick language things out about a sweater
in lar I'm so cool
I go gosh there's I've gained a lot of
weight this is that guy get it all off
my work exercising are some I'm reading
my house is also exercising with the
science sighing I ate myself to this way
I'm going to get myself back down to
eight absolutely it's all them cancer
dancing man so
yeah that's where I'm at I don't know I
feel really weird really now I feel
weird to be like showered and like kind
of put together like I have a good night
to top and I do I mean like kinda and
outside of the procedure is what might
be going on my hair was bad but
president of the house to be that is how
was empty
um but yeah yeah I'm getting out of the
house days and I'm logging in I you know
lose sight of what I have times in life
and I need campus active event and I
wasn't like I was like oh really so it
wasn't about that like I was falling
into the pit of myself reverses of
people were unsubscribing look I've
never stared if you want scribing Lee
when I did that Donald Trump video like
literally 40,000 people unsubscribed in
like two days
like I'm not I'm not scared that I mean
it sucks but I'm not scared of that mean
people go and then they come back and
all the time link its whatever it if
they don't have that music so my ending
up and how this scene
anyway yes I really want to go ahead
watching Joey's vlog where they were up
you should join us a routine for videos
I can work out I really worked on it but
no no no I can't
we have to physical right on the left
anyway that's like me catching goes up I
know
oh my goodness like so round with it so
nature's okay I'm good
I got your knee a juice box I put down
the juice boxes too
only what I really need it like crisp
oil it takes an axe as a tank for me
apple juice after cleaner later
I don't know change scenario times
actually and the problem though is I
used an exit path because I it feels
good and it calms me down and then
always want that feeling even when I'm
just doing a little bit you know and
that's kind of how was it the juices and
I was like doing then what access
together which it is just apple juice
what the things I'm going to really help
me in sugar what about me as well I'm
air you knew that but why we go squares
out to me honestly
but for sugar alicante rating
yeah so I'm not trying to be tracking
water I hopefully barbecue music video
action here
my lucky stone and I don't know if I'm
going to vlog and they're really well
drawn to him
so see you super cool like I don't know
if she was what's been happening on my
social media those people maybe a little
guarantee on my baldness this is abusive
shade with me but he's really cool and
like I don't know elephants car
Mary Alice the morning and I'm about to
film a video for you guys to remain
channel and write mr. Schock um kind of
quick style video and I wanted more so
bad last night but I was like no I don't
think you really wants more I bought
this stuff a while ago to make s'mores
and I never did for really silly reasons
and I've actually why I just do the
weight of calories or anything that
Vegas could never get myself to making
s'mores and I want to watch my sex is
craving it as a normal meal I know I'll
be impending it and like for sleep and
all this morning like crazy more as
itself that's what I'm doing so where is
they were like when you wake up alone is
like not having anyone to write talk to
like I have this dream or enemies that's
kind of what I was doing
aren't you doing I guess in my a channel
but I would love to set up of my I mean
it's not really that exciting but I
don't know but I don't like it when I
make make s'mores I talk about how you
do it I think if I married oh sorry guys
I continued to break up and then we just
such talk on the bottom and then I think
I only snores the winos I like little
kids stuff one on ones on anime because
I wasn't at him first krispies to I the
morning takes me no more typical
elements because we to them and we'll
it's a really marshmallow rice krispies
shot representing breakfast or the not
marshmallow weena okay jacket mmm I
don't like to see template as it is it's
supporting it is more flash up anyway
now I'm doing the dying where this
morning rather I don't know what I'm
doing today so I'm gonna come forth and
it's no game I gotta get some hay my
plate is off of that of a plant
I don't know planet but we'll see I'll
be sure now if you want to see ya later
now watch and we can put it with your
lawyer yes and a lot of their ways like
oh and not was going to do smoke it my
step yo is raining pouring oh my gosh
I'm gonna sneeze long hammer time
am i cool but I won't flop that much off
to go hang what do you do read letters
up before him to presented you can see
school I want a name so they don't
really know this does feel or anything I
don't really know what he's all about
so anyways that's what I'm doing and I'm
makeup on my face which is good thing
you know sign it back then to me but you
okay I feel this whole long thing but
I'm an M and I can work with it I guys
how I always have those books whatever
blast so we're going to I so suck it
enjoy the rain
