pants is a continuation from my mmm
single blog and I'm eating out recently
woke up I do that asleep upstairs you
guys haven't watched my video but since
the Empire shockingly I just filmed it
as well as you are anyway I'm uploading
that now I'm editing a vlog but I'm
floating back I don't add up those I
just straight upload I'm up if is
confessing but I feel like I'm still
really glad what we know about y'all for
your lockup so and they just a couple
great angle and is like coupon and you
know cannonball
so I really wanted us to nightly and
show that I did I said antenna TV show
okay I can't do that with a hand at pin
change and when you're sitting here
doing what the inside I love you
well not my phone oh man Rick sharply
champey me home
mmm that's all yeah I like this
with me you can see arguing live
acoustic version of we're okay I mean it
being live with the guitar I've never so
we're going to do this
so what I try to turn it off for one
second yeah if you want to step back in
June that won't do cool it cool it down
yeah I can see if you can see okay yeah
all right
I am the only blogger in this soaring
you're accepted you guys okay so we got
glute wait is a smooth free and vegan
I'll tomorrow oh they all have yeah yeah
no yeah yeah why your guys practice
pieces okay so we have practice visa hot
cheetos and mac and cheese and who kill
truffle fries okay is my pleasure to
miss to salute you can have whatever you
like my gosh mister over there
hi Monson your month in make it in
return
there's a new boyfriend Mitch grassy new
points on official and he is gluten-free
so I was definitely feel exile how about
you drew where are you really going
pretty good okay thank you
Congrats grabbing glittering you don't
know your friends is made the switch you
find out anyway everything I got a
serves pizza okay try it though
I kind of do a license on another cheese
sauce all smell no cheese vegan this
something has
oh it's macaroni in life and how to hey
miss lying I've always wanted to see I
said why are free to eat the following
for free no permanent fruit yeah that's
a good pose video I went like is its own
it kind of looks really good that sounds
like everything - I'm so excited try
this
what do you think of the fries over
there it's pretty good for something as
gluten-free is a gluten-free now are we
just making it up it is kind of guy okay
400 L keep them as fat back into the
book that's not Picasso's if you like
fat boy Y am now living look at why
mmmmmm diet boy skinny boys over here
haha that was skinny both of you guys
are so skinny much fun of dollars for
the skinny boy and you're a good guy
