some perhaps to get out with the people
who escaped the terminal just to seek a
safer ground they replaced it to wait
out the afternoon until authorities can
say we oh my god Hospital TV that they
think that there was only one gunman I
want to bring in our senior Jessica oh
my gosh that makes me physically sick
you guys my dad travels all the time
like every week he travels like he
travels all the time it's stuff that
scares the shit out of me ting hear that
alright just listen to that real quick
they were saying before when like
someone came into custody had someone
else's ID on them so they couldn't like
identify who they were that's honestly
so scary um oh damn my dad travels but
every single week so whenever I hear
stuff like that at the airport it scares
because he's always at an airport it
just freaks me out and he travels to all
these different cities oh it's showed up
it's like I just I don't know this gun
issue we have in America I don't know I
used to be pro-gun and now I just I
don't I don't know you guys but then
it's like people are gonna find a way to
get guns either way so like I'm
programmed to feel like we'll least we
have something to defend ourselves but
the same time is it more accessible for
people to get guns do people go crazier
with them but at the same time then I'm
anti guns because I feel like they're
it's just it's just so stupid like gun
violence is is just so stupid and
unnecessary um
just fucking I don't know fucking bums
me out I don't tweet about it a lot I
don't blog ladder a lot because it
honestly just makes me scared and it
just it just bums me out I don't know
how else to put it and I couldn't
imagine like I think of it as if it was
my family and I honestly honestly you
just couldn't imagine that at all let's
put you guys here for now
all right I just had a workout go you're
like seeing my boobs okay cool
just had a workout sound for making my
uncle Harold egg sandwich which I've
been making for years whenever I'm
trying to not diet but watch it a little
bit you know I'm still gonna do my move
song since a Frankie lattes where don't
you move bonds and don't really see a
lot of people when I go out to eat
don't try and do good that's all I can
do anyways guys what's the answer to
this I don't I don't know what our
answer are totes and violence and has it
go away I have no clue it's been
happening for so long and it's just
fucking scary I don't know that's why I
have faith and God I just you have to
because it's just random it's senseless
and I just hope everything happens for a
reason and pray for those people and
their families and the victims and it
just it gives me like I honestly I don't
know you guys can see on the camera I
literally have chills from it like it
gives me chills it's just so unnecessary
but I have to have faith that God will
protect me and is something like that
ever happened to me or my family or
friends or any of you guys I just would
pray that there is a reason for that
there is this higher being that has a
plan and purpose it's just fucking heart
and it fucking sucks and it for some
reason I mean everything affects me I
don't really like a tweet about a lot of
violent stuff or you know things going
on because I don't like to think about
it or like at least talk about I don't
know cuz I don't have an answer at all
solution so talking about it to me feels
I don't know feels like I'm not really
doing enough but hmm the big thing about
me I'm out there so thirsty
um okay guys so scoot back get my nails
done today I'm dancing today I have a
walk through today
nails dance burger post office I
actually had a lad
and they're a little leaders will be
asked on take a shower probably number
one I think it will boil that eglow too
much on all right watch this when must
strike this may be gone I'll rise to
face the Morning Sun and if they let
stop rolling to you there is no way I
love to come
you better know one thing for sure I
will be always I will be victorious and
if my blue skies state plan and it there
is no turning back you know you're gonna
save me top cause you know that I'm a
war yeah
music video is in today two and a half
days technically cuz we're seeing it
from 7:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. we're just
gonna be crazy
outside of them Mike we're refer has so
much energy which I've craved and needed
in a choreographer you know times when
Tom wasn't available in the past or if
we weren't talking what have you I would
you know try and go with new dancers or
different choreographers and just none
of them really have the energy I needed
for dancing and he has it he has so much
energy he makes me feel so good about
myself and it does remind me and me of
course it's not the same it'll never be
comparable but it does remind me of when
Sean and I first started dancing it gave
me something to look forward to it gave
me excitement it made me feel good about
my body after dancing so I'm hoping to
dance a lot more with him so
awesome planning on doing a stripped
down version of warrior because I think
it is such a it's I mean I think it's my
favorite song I've ever done it's just
so beautiful and just so something I
feel so strongly like listening to I
listen to it so much on repeat because
it's just words I feel that I need to
hear every day whether I was singing it
or someone else singing it but anyways
I'm going to go watch the news a little
more it's not something I enjoy doing I
just I don't know
pull your wrong towels Bobby here
as we need to think of a solution in
this world I don't know I don't know
what it is them all right trying to go
have my little Bucky fast
I know products so gross a lot of
people's like so plain i have plain
taste really when it comes down to it I
love food but pretty plain Jane and um
take a shower and I'll see you guys soon
oh hey what's up y'all okay showered
clean myself up a little bit when to the
post office got some packages and I ran
out of stamps I'm most ants in bulk but
like those little coils they were like
twenty hundred of those coil things like
for real where's my coils where my balls
no clothes are expensive I said we got
her brought some postage small pockets I
don't lose that ish um but the guy was
in their offices like terrible lighting
but the guy was in there but I got some
exclusives to do any fun ones the only
had Star Trek stuff on my own a Star
Trek right it's like fun oh my I see I
just like fun stamps so he's like
rehearsin we don't run out to talk about
something I got the you can't have these
out yet damn so there's like these
hearts I got and these little birds I
got cause my mom's jar up those birds so
anyways as well sad about that and when
you get excited about stamps so you know
you pick up old so now I'm on the way to
dance rehearsals
my shoes watch these these one can be
when my strength is nearly gone
I'll rise to face the Morning Sun with
my lights are growing dim and there is
nowhere left around you better not one
day Charlotte Orioles blue skies and if
there is you're gonna see me standing
guys this a way that I like love love
love oh he's my old EP I always do this
when it comes out like for the first
month I play the shit I don't play
anything else I just play my songs over
and over and over that I end up basic
okay next songs but I love my songs and
then sometimes like I like throwback
like that chicks like Lost and Found
came on today when I was at the gym I
only did 45 minutes shake I don't know
why I couldn't push myself to do an
extra 15 I was like so hungry and so
tired and I had to go get packages which
is a Long John to going up the stairs I
was just like really tired and I have
been like dieting like you know calorie
restrictions uh you know from the music
video or whatever I'm gonna keep on them
working out though I really do feel good
about that I actually do feel good like
eating I just as should be eating maybe
a little bit more than I am I mean I'm
eating trust me I am but you didn't good
like eggs and toast and make these
shrimps that are only like 200 calories
for like four of them they're like so
good like that's like me that's like my
not splurge but like my I can't wait to
have those shrimp for dinner like that I
get like really excited about which is a
good thing to get excited about food and
then like fillers I have like bananas
cantaloupe or watermelon and those are
like things if I'm like Roo's starving
and I'm just like I need a snack and
they're like great little sex I've been
doing pretty good I've only been doing
this for three days I don't Bobby doing
it the next two days so five days total
and I'm feeling like really good because
I want to continue working out for sure
I'm just not going to be so strict on
like what I eat I'm not post-meeting
at all unless I'm with someone else or
um I'm doing like a mukbang or something
like that but I'm willing to do one move
bunk a week so I'm going to try and do
like really really good and then like
that be like what I look forward to and
I think I'll be more exciting as a video
because I'll be so excited to eat some
like you know the food that I normally
dull
on a daily basis like only be once a
week and so I'll just be like yes you
don't I mean so I think that's a good
way of doing it cuz I should do that
when I was watching my calories and
really when I was watching my calories
back in like when I was like growing up
I did it a lot in high school like I was
just really self-conscious for some
reason high school I don't know why I
gave so many bucks back then and like
less bucks now but um and I remember
stage but anyways
wanna dance I think the post office was
so nice too because I'm a he's a sure
he's like roll it to it I have like a
Michigan outfit I thought well you know
I'll show you like maybe the dance tree
although there already be there so
really off I'll show you as I'm walking
baby
I like these like flannel Michigan
shorts on the guy was like pajamas over
the Michigan shirt with Michigan flannel
Michigan tube socks I am walking bus
from Michigan I'll be like what's up a
clue tree well my mom did and my mom my
sister did live in Michigan but I know I
never did so there was no like Michigan
pride or anything but I am from the
Midwest and I don't know I like the
colors the blue and the yellow I'm like
that's like posers like when they wear
like band shirts but they don't know
what the fuck like I couldn't tell you
do you want machine I don't even know if
it's like the same Michigan that I might
be representing hopefully it is because
I know there's like Michigan State like
University Michigan I feel like they're
the same colors but maybe I'm wrong I
don't know so I could be totally miss
mixing and matching and that would be
embarrassing but
just jamming out to my Jam's literally
my Jam's which is like so fun let's see
what I can find AK next pin up bro a lot
I've been loving that this is the one I
thought like is kind of a throwaway one
for my over don't yeah you know that I'm
a soon
yep you know mother's operation now go
ahead pass me up my fingers I okay I'll
forget dude you guys my family this is
my house oh my god this smells so bad oh
my god whoa man
I thought this was gonna be a shorter
way they never happens out here and it
smells so fucking bad II anyways I gotta
dance okay that way it was a bus to kind
of get in there was a security guard
type of a camera gamble he wasn't
suspicious
super white Christian churches and I
know their names and I recognize anyways
those are the Michigan juicy Michigan
short stop such a cute ensemble I know
I've something to be comfy I'm all about
comfort when you get to be oldest buck
you're all about comfort I used to come
down this Boulevard looking cutest
walking bass going to get discovered
generally work this tends to work for me
a little better
relationships we meet again
your little secret entrance this is like
the four
and they really want you to be in shape
I think if you walked you like to Sears
me always that's everything
pretty good was right no joke I always
have to catch my breath
upstairs before I go into the studio
because I don't really I just was
walking in and lost my breath oh yeah
Nana right it is so scary at this part
Chris meal is a week
Oh
all right I got them shorter kind of
boring music video okay thanks but all
good
here's my burns from the other day yeah
but I had another positive and answer
rehearsal got my ez Michigan short
different community for a music video
very neutral generic of be distracting
suburb and app it looks much better
now I'm just trying to wait for my
eyebrows
you
okay so for those of you who don't know
subject is French say something sexy
French do not like mom tisha LD moves
too
you
