what's up 2017 vlog oh you guys
so my album is officially out I just
posted a vlog about behind the scenes of
it so you guys already know what's out
but today's like the day it came out and
I am like overwhelmed by all the support
right now I'm I haven't really delved
into it which I'm going to tonight like
reading all the comments and everything
cuz I get I never have a new album or a
new music video come out those sorts of
things that I'm like my new videos
always like daily I love it so much I
love like reading responses that's why I
do daily videos but with these big
products that I put a lot of me into
like my tie my soul my heart my energy
like just everything it means so much to
me to like read responses and feedback
and stories if you can relate to the
song why you like the songs like I've
already been reading something it's just
so so cool like I don't know if I could
ever explain the feeling and I don't
even know if everyone could feel the
feeling like if you put on another like
anyone can do that I don't know if it
would be the same for every but I don't
know it's just it's just as weird like
spiritual feeling that I get or
spiritual I don't know I don't know how
to describe it like some sort of
it was that like endorphins something
there's something in it that just really
motivates me makes me feel good makes me
feel like I'm doing something makes me
feel worth something and I don't know
it's such a weird feeling and something
especially like songs and stuff that are
so precise it's I just loved here I just
love hearing people like relate to it
because it makes me feel like I'm not
alone you know it really sorry this
one's kind of trapped it makes me feel
like I'm not alone I'm sorry I'm a cent
less on so impersonal you let them come
on imagine it's and that's beautiful
some people I'm matching peers things I
have matching sets on my cheek um but
I'm just going all over the place um
where was I going with that was
something really important I wanted to
say hmm I don't know I don't know just
thank you guys so much you know it's not
people think I'm doing all this for like
money hi guys I don't I don't make money
off my music I really don't I mean I'll
be lucky to break even but with music
video and stuff I don't think I don't
make money I put you know when I just
want to pretty I put that into my music
in my music video so it's like I guess
break even but it's not from record
sales so that's not important to me it's
really cool when it does well and you
guys love it like that's awesome and
like honestly just seeing it on charts
like it's really cool to me
like more than a monetary value if that
makes sense and I don't know how to
explain it I'm just being so like
transformed guys like I don't make money
off this like I'm not getting rich off
my music you know what I mean um so
anyways not the point of all that the
point of all this is like it truly does
make me feel like I'm doing something
for myself artistically sorry for all
the bumps and creatively and you know
it's cool when you guys can like relate
to it I'm going to dance rehearsals
right now for my warrior a music video
which we're shooting in three days which
is crazy so usually it's like a week or
took it's usually a few weeks before we
do a music video
no ahead of time because that you know
production in stuff has to plan and I
have this Kyrie shirt that I caught but
it doesn't really look at that cut it's
still choking me Kyrie for life he's
still uneven but because of the holidays
and New Year's Eve or New Year's Day and
then the day after New Year's Day was a
holiday like we really I mean today I
have to tell you what it is actually is
January 5th like we really just heard
back from a lot of like the location the
location I wanted is really really
popular too so cuz the fact that we were
looking at really last-minute like
literally within days before a shoot was
like kind of surprising but the good
thing about it is if you booked
something like last-minute like trips
and stuff like that like you you can get
in on those cancellations I mean it's
taking a big risk it's like being on
standby for a flight or something you're
taking like a risk of it not being
available but you know like also the
other thing I want to clear up
I suck so bad um was about oh when I was
recording this so that everyone was like
well not everyone there's a few comments
they're like are you recording this when
you're making like your videos crying on
the floor and then chicken nugget video
and what-have-you
no explain exactly I just would've come
about if probably if I had to make those
videos because my co-writer and
co-producer on this album reached out to
me
weeks after shit went down because he he
was close to the situation I'll put it
that way it wasn't just some random but
he was close to the situation and he
didn't know if it was right he didn't
know what my response would be it's a
big risk like reaching out to me she's
like I just tried to hopefully help you
move on and move along or cope with what
you're feeling and it was after all this
so we literally did and if you watched
my blog I can I don't know if I
real-estate dates but that was three
days before Christmas we did the whole
album three days before Christmas so
shit went down December 9th I think it
was not May had to do music it wasn't in
my head to do anything I didn't want to
do anything I wanted to swallow and
misery like I sometimes I like to soak
in my own misery because I don't know
everyone loves to have a pity party for
themselves to play a victim right you
know everyone loves to do that sometimes
for themselves especially when you're
really hurting and you just can't do
anything else
however these songs and these music in
the sky I didn't know I
it's a really long story I think over
time I'll be able to tell the story
right now is also fresh and new so but
it's good and not positive but there's a
story and that's how this talking about
but no I wasn't I wasn't crying and then
the next time be like let's go see some
music
I will say I mean two of the songs
warrior did this to yourself work like
it took me there like a couple times
timing the engineer was just like are
you okay like cuz it just it took me
there took a lot out of me and I just
had a lot of emotion and anger and hurt
not just from the previous situation
that happened last year but from life my
life I you guys you know you know if
you've been here for any amount of time
I've dealt with the same same issues
abandonment loneliness just it was just
a lot but anyways that's why I'm doing
I'm having had a not ask the biggest
thing of water because I'm really trying
to clear risk you know always for music
videos they always like to stress the
fuck out I get stress pitbull so oh and
I'm sad for my new choreographer he's
real excited I know him
I don't know forget the rest him today
but you'll definitely see him on the set
of the music video and he has a dancer
my chest him to be in a video originally
but other circumstances think she's all
happen for a reason so anyways I'm about
to go up and get my dance on
how about this shirt anyways I will see
you guys soon my gosh why is it has been
a minute since I have been down to this
dance studio by wearing Nike pans you
think I was swans hashtag spawns by Nike
hashtag never in a million years I've
been forever since I danced at this
dance studio it was the first one that
we just danced him before what to the
other one but it's rainy
no one's out right now in Hollywood but
I just downloaded my album off iTunes
just because like I hadn't seen it yet
on iTunes I think goes on Apple music
and I just downloaded it this is in the
car like literally right after I blog I
found it and I was like oh my god I
think so bulldozing your own music in
the car um so anyway so I was starting
with thick and they even get through all
that all the way cuz I got here
thank ya super duper high to meet you
boys giver and so crazy how empty it is
here
Museum of broken relationships literally
alright guys against rehearsal went
great I probably have a clip of it I
inserted somewhere in this video sorry
this is not focusing on my thighs button
I'm gonna have some dinner before I head
to the gym I'm gonna have this inane
cuisine which is only trying a few
calories so if you are a cheese fanatic
mac and cheese Matic this is a great
option without all that butter and milk
I'm sure has some in there but to never
calories you can't beat it and sugar is
like I've been get sure slightly Sugar's
5 grams I got to get out of my face ok
but I know it's like frozen so if you're
like not into frozen foods like what ABS
I don't think my house chill but it's a
nice little like dinner and like kind of
something before the gym I know a lot of
eat after I don't know I like to go to
bed like somewhat up in the empty
stomach just literally pop it in the
microwave cooking with Trish and we have
a scene under 40 and then tiny our cup
time two minutes you know we started YUM
so yeah just went really really great
I'm really really happy and excited a
Sedgwick is so cool so her house is so
messy he's so cool like so cool like I
can't wait to blog with him because he's
actually but I like to like feel people
out and stuff I don't like to like blog
me he won't humble he was like the
coolest person ever and making answer
Shana
it's amazing - he's a young guy so young
I sound like an old are you it's so
weird to see young people like I was at
I think of myself as young um but no no
there's like young uns out there again
it's crazy because a lot of my friends
you know as you get older obviously your
friends get older too so you just think
oh we're still young then you actually
meet babies and he's so cute and so
sweet and like I love like young dancers
better than older dancers because
they're just more excited about stuff I
guess that makes sense
I don't know anyways
so yeah let's eat that another one of my
gigantic avianna balls all ready to
drink and yeah about my Nike shirt
that's what I'm doing tonight so excited
so this is the final like product you
kind of just like like I don't know push
it around in the teeth before I make it
more presentable if you put it like in a
bowl and shit but I don't even care
I'm just hungry and once you feed my
belly recipe my soul brows I don't feed
my belly but both soul does not give a
fuck right now but it's really yummy
really cheesy it's white cheese as you
guys can tell so you guys don't like the
white cheese mac and cheese you won't
lose it but I happens makes a really
good um like yellow cheese woman
no he's breakout but that's really good
I don't feel like too full after this
it's like just it's filling enough which
is yummy mmm okay so I know that may not
look like much but out right there I see
right there
I just burn my hand on the oven and it
stings like a motherfucker any tips I
know you guys are like that's such a
little minor burn but honestly it
fucking hurts so bad like I don't
understand it was exhilarating and I did
20 minutes ago
you
and then we have you do this to yourself
this is a really nice like jab nice like
revenge song and it's like not in the
you
