I just got a little Disney package in
the mail and this is like one of the
cutest things ever not grumpy just
sleepy and then I got this little Buzz
Lightyear toy and let's follow my new
manicured pedicure feet into a kitchen
I'm doing laundry and waiting for some
eggs um let me shoot a batter and I'll
show you guys this I don't know why but
a flashing battery almost dead thing
gives me anxiety but I got these new
mugs
I love mugs guys like I collect these I
collect tumblers and mugs and I use all
of them I really do I like to have
different mugs for different feelings
and emotions so I got this Buzz
Lightyear Toy Story one which is like
super cool then I got Pirates of the
Caribbean wine because prices was like
my favorite movie for like the longest
time I was like obsessed with that movie
and that ride Oh laundry's done and then
I got Moana I finally got around to
seeing this movie and I actually really
loved it I did not think I would but the
music was amazing I'm such a lin-manuel
Miranda fan it was like so so good and
then I got my little stitch water
tumbler because I love like obviously I
am able Hospital of like filling up my
water which is water for my fridge and
then of course a princess mug
I got Princess Aurora from Sleeping
Beauty with a heart full of song mug and
then these are just some of things when
you're in Sag they send you screeners of
movies being nominated so I actually got
another one I know where it is these are
the two newest ones I got I got Jackie
which I've been dying to see so I might
watch that with my dad and then fences
came with a go whole much more than this
but that's like the perk so like once a
year you get right before award season
like all the mailers to like you know
give your input into let the SAG Awards
so got that and then this came in the
mail it says almost charm bracelet and I
didn't order and all the tumblers slip
so just put you guys here for exact
I'm not really sure I mean I love Elvis
it actually came to my address
oh geez oh oh my gosh oh my gosh it says
it's from Bradford exchange and then
open it this is so cool oh my goodness
gracious
this might be the coolest Elvis time
I've ever seen in my life I want to take
it out this is so cool
I'm not sense to me I don't know figure
it out this is amazing it did come with
like paperwork's I'm sure it'll save
that is so full up in cool whoa I don't
know if that's focusing or nah but that
is so cool s so many Elvis charms on
there the blue suede shoes oh my
goodness this may be the coolest thing
ever if you have been know an Elvis fan
this is so cool I'm going to keep that
where I'm such an Elvis yeah my dad's
gonna flip my suede out when he bought
it for me I don't know oh my gosh it's
so cool all these charms oh my gosh it's
so neat and this says Elvis oh my god oh
I died that's by like one of the coolest
things I've ever seen so cool alright
guys this is my little lunch I actually
have like shrimp for like breakfast
ended up fly sounds weird but I really
crave true from the morning and then I
have it my egg sandwich for dinner and
then I'll have like either that the in
cuisine mac and cheese I'm sorry this is
for lunch and then that Lean Cuisine mac
and cheese before dinner or a lesson I
had to have a peanut butter sandwich
that's usually what I've been eating and
like I said I'll have fruit for a snack
so I felt my boss water I just filled it
up with some Pellegrino
which I loved so much I'm actually gonna
take this with me on going to the salon
today so I'm actually I take this with
me to fun it's that way I just
they also say sometimes you mistake
hunger or thirst which I don't always
like by you too but sometimes it is true
that if you drink some water you get a
little hole just
you oversee your next meal um so I'll
show you guys the four oak is missing a
vertical quick after my aides book just
come into the fridge with me why don't
you why not easier that way so that's
what I eat for snacks right here like Oh
hot that these are my eggs and then
everything else just like water teas
juices I haven't really been drinking
juice before the video goes it has sugar
in it I don't mind having these like a
couple of day they do have sugar in it
but I don't really usually mind it and
then you can see I like just restocked
on my a GF frozen pizzas for a nap like
one of those cravings but I did restock
on my shrimp and my link was eenz back
there so and those are the shrimps I eat
that our Turner and head calories for
like four pieces alright let's go back
to the egg P on shall we
alright so I just my toast right here
just cut it up this is the kind of stuff
I eat when I'm like trying to lose
weight but like normally it would just
work out and not really so much calorie
restrict myself I just don't snack what
I'm like trying to um I just don't
usually snap normally I guess I mean
some days you know when I want to like
indulge and just splurge and like veg I
snack but I should be a bad heavy heavy
snacker
I would snap like every single day
I just want to boredom so now going to
the gym when I'm bored or feeling I want
some chips or something like that I go
to the gym to that which kind of sparks
me to be good for the day it's been
working actually going to that gym I do
about 300 calories of burning at the gym
but I think it's more about just getting
your metabolism going and just like
moving I don't think it's necessarily
about the calories you burn I know it is
like how is in calories out but and I'm
going to be dancing at least once a week
I wanna do one dance video at least once
a week and maybe practice more for the
video I don't know before we'd always
just go in learn the routine and film so
maybe I should do like rehearsal day and
then do like a filming day I don't know
get more exercise out of it and maybe
the videos would actually be better too
so kind of now let me know what you guys
think about that okay so I like perfect
it feels so easily Shay not too overdone
not too underdone hurrying in the shower
because I'm gonna be late all right
easy peasy clean up just throw this in
the trash and that's very little meal
for for right now and I go watch the TV
and then I am going to go jump in the
shower real quick so my little home
super easy and yummy
Wow Nicola shuffle fuel all the luck
they call me mister triple fighters are
contesting a pharmacy me I was a fan in
the fan I'm Swedish we kind of legible
my lovers are asking the public um these
suckers going but they're going down or
they're becoming flat now so that's good
um I just sprayed here last night sell
ferritin I'm the light's not her
appointment's that's what my hair is in
a cap cuz it is look at all kinds of
mess um
but where's it go oh that's all I'm
making my snapchats and I've been like
putting it on Twitter Instagram and I
feel like like I feel like one person
gets it and I think that's why I find it
so funny not unlike a like you're also
stupid like I'm so culture like I don't
know it she's like so obscure like it
doesn't L so it's not like you know
whatever but it's more of an obscure SNL
thing you know what I mean because I'm
lin-manuel Miranda hosted and obviously
he's popular in the theater world but
brick it's transferring I'm using a new
per se and I straighten stuff out of my
old person to I knew I forgot all my
chopsticks yeah I got to put this one in
my old bag I sure it's back in a minute
but um always I wonder I'm like obsessed
with chopstick okay that's kind of
talent always doing your lips I do not
know some of yoga Larry on it Larry I'm
not slurring oh I like address on Jay I
don't know like why I have this on I
just really comfortable from America of
course the bottom matches the the bottom
matches the top but yeah
lemon wall is popular obviously on
Broadway and musical world and anyone
who knows music or musicals like Moana
is like that like a pop singer - lemon
one handled him and do his whole resume
but I think even mixers about this on
SNL he's like you know I've built
biggest show on Broadway right now so
that means doesn't get home have no idea
who I am like it's always like a joke
cuz I here's the thing like before bill
I wasn't into like Broadway when I was
young I mean I went to Broadway shows
but I wasn't like a fan fan fan like I
am now like I love Christian Borle I
love out of Pascal I love obviously
Roger Bart like I love and the girls - I
like sent foster Laura Bell Bundy
um who's hot ones were not Medina and
Christian of course but there's some
really hot ones right now that I really
have been loving um
get him drying bling on my name the girl
who's in falsetto I can't think my name
oh my god Andrew Reynolds is that his
name from falsettos in Book of Mormon
and he was King George a few times in
Hamilton and he's been in a lot of
movies and so like that I'm and he's on
girls I think oh my god like I'm so I'm
like his Broadway like nerd but that
hasn't that didn't start until like
maybe like six or seven years ago
I feel like wicked really kinda was the
one like I was always into it I saw I
liked the producers and stuff and that
was like when I was really little but
like it wasn't and we got a Gary peach
oh my god you know what I mean like oh
my god this is close bitches bitches the
fuck Wilshire is like fucking close are
you fucking kidding me
you guys don't even know like there was
can't even see if the construction is is
insane I timed it perfectly to be there
not early not late never be late
that is messed up yo that is messed up
why does this signal return like
literally you can't return anywhere Oh
anyways um going towards little easy
opiate now and that's really what's
called I think I said that ones in a
video update on the burn out gapping
over so gross and try not to pick it or
anything as blue-skinned like building
itself back in there it's like so gross
but I simply delete the opening a vlog
like a long time ago and someone's like
that's so racist I'm like no like
there's literally a scientist literally
do feel like welcome to like how about
racist like uh hey I get that racism is
huge problem in twenty
we're in 2017 now I mean is huge phone
point sixteen and hopefully won't be a
senior problem place I'm channeling with
that out there but it is huge probably
not gonna like lie about that but some
things are just crazy like if you say
Little Ethiopia or I
this was also bad I don't want to get uh
I'm gonna get hating on okay okay I'm
moving in a different perspective of how
I was gonna say it so like I don't know
this um
I'm just gonna say it but like I don't
maybe it is bad and if it's like really
bad you guys can tell me like if it's
meant to me I mean I know I know I'm not
reso so I'm not like 106 it's a sound
racist it's like I think that's what a
lot of like white girls say I cannot
raise this because like everyone
everyone thinks every white person's not
every one thing but a lot of like
especially let's just say meat I'm
coming embrace this which I'm not but I
say stuff like and they stop doing this
biz maybe it is bad actually
not anything about adventure stop doing
I'll see that come with the curly hair
or the one in the red top but let's say
there was like I guess own okay right
what if someone's like oh that white
girl over there or the pretty black girl
or you know to mean like the Asian one
or the Mexican one the Hispanic one like
is this Wilshire could I pick it up
again uh yeah well shares open now on
this way you don't mean is that right
but maybe I'm such deploy drama is that
racist um is it I don't know it maybe it
is I guess I never I never think of it
bad that's like literally can you see
it's my focus I don't think of it as bad
but I my nails isn't like something I
used to be sick because I know I'm not
but like it's not a bad thing is that
like derogatory like I wouldn't be a fat
it was like oh the white girl you know
mean or like the chubby girl or the
blonde girl I feel like those are just
adjectives right I don't know if
someone's black there but I don't know
maybe but maybe it is so I don't know
and I always end up with the race thing
so I'm obviously some white woman like
obviously
me not obviously but I do say stupid
things sometimes I don't think about and
it's just hope we we brought up to me
mumbles in some stuff sometimes and a
vlog simple Ketchum's like oh that's
like racist it's like just the way my
mom grew up in the way I grew up in the
Midwest it's just time to definitely
change I'm sure back there but it just
was a different time and the way we were
brought up you just I don't know it's a
good weird day and it's not excuse
because you have to like learn and adapt
and change with change but if that is
offensive like I said I've actually
stopped saying it because I did say that
one time one of my very first music
videos I said oh the pretty black girl
and he's like oh and then he said her
name and I'm like oh well yeah I just
didn't come with me so not to say like
give references okay let's move on from
that because I know I'm gonna get in
trouble
um this is the person I'm carrying its
mission I'll quilt until I show this
into what I got for Christmas but I
polished it up cause it's pretty much
bought it as a Christmas present to
myself with my Karl Taube referred Fendi
keychain I love that they had the
Carlito and like everything I can get
wallets of him and scarves and dresses I
know it's gonna get dirty so I'm gonna
try and just keep it inside like when I
put my purse down on like tables and
stuff but isn't that gorgeous it's like
the most gorgeous for supper I'm like
kind of obsessed in this fits my arms so
perfectly like it's just it's amazing
actually good as you have been on it
that's a collab so I got a do more
transfers now I'm gonna get that Carlito
wallet the Carl long for wallet um
because that would be seems Boosh but
I'm really interested not to spend so
much on like that kind of stuff I spend
it on other things
but mostly into my channel cuz I'm on
that okay daddy toolbar okay this is a
long car bug I hate me in the car this
one with you guys like and not that I
hate it but I just feel like you guys
get bored of it so let's go get my head
got that group stuff feel like I knew
won't peel oh god I loved in here it's
done and blow out to the cute little
dress 10 actually really big it's extra
large it's like a super long and super
one talk to you guys about Walker Anders
era my ears of right and I'll be dancing
here like over YouTube I'm just socially
awkward sometimes an elevator you go the
other way should we have a camera up and
we couldn't see the reflection of me
like a lot do you see how crazy Alex
Jarmo player when you watch
that's how you look to the world just
like looking at yourself I'm gonna sleep
until it was convicting at one time
I wouldn't think that's hotel one time
purchase to be but loves and I always
get out my come here but up again that
that's always neon blog will forget a
style nugget blogs like once a week but
always before style because styles take
a lot on my arm
you
shoes watch these tears I'm packing you
think you know just who I am thinking no
other is - can we reach in on this
