alright guys we are back on that vegan
Trina back on the Tris chain just in a
little video you guys have definitely
seen because I do the street upload no
editing um yeah
got this shirt sent to me I thought it
was a sign to go back to a vegan I ran
into kilala he'll help me party a
Christmas party I don't know she looked
amazing and I was like you know what
maybe this being thing I should try it
once again and I also just showed these
boots in the video these Kiera furigana
shoes I don't know how yet she's the
blonde salad on Instagram and these
jeans are just from Target like they
were so old but I came a little late so
huh um I put them at that one Sochi gave
my hairs like a little cry cry but you
know straight alone see my little family
setup it's just easier to film here I'm
like that's it no lights no nothing
um and then I got this cute little water
bottle from at CES I've been drinking a
lot more water yeah
so I'm about to head out and meet with
my producer over some final things
because the UH the album will already
have been out because I'm putting these
balls out after it comes out but it's
like the day before the release so we're
kind of just being up some cool like
giveaways and contests and just other
stuff to kind of you know promote it and
just make it do just do have it do
really well and hoping is like it I mean
the other day if you guys like it you
buy it it's a kind of concerns app right
I'm gonna do some extreme giveaways like
I want to fly someone to LA I wanna give
out like art for my house um I want it I
want and I hope by some Hali and like do
a dance video with sound like I want to
do like and have something awesome with
them and I just want like to do really
bigger things so I'm just trying to
think about cool giveaways almost like
little giveaways like win a sticker so
you're gonna mean like I don't know I
just want to give away more and make it
fun and just I know I'm just like
excited about life again and I'm just
kind of getting back to me and I think
that's important so I should probably
mention here but I don't have time so
anyways I thought I'd ask you guys a
quick rundown and that's what I'm doing
today and then tomorrow is another big
day but that will be tomorrow so we'll
see how the adventure continues or goes
I have thirty dishes well I'm like so
bad that kind you do I'll see you guys I
got another one of these like lip balm
things from Etsy and I got
girls this time so if you tried to ask
my lips are always chaps and I was need
a cute little chopstick so I felt like
literally kind of ease this time just to
put one in each purse and then over here
is my what I got for Christmas stuff I
got to do is so I'm going to hold you on
that but you guys will see that as well
on a main Channel video oh and there's
all my presents I got for Sean and I
don't know what to do with his
birthday's coming up I don't know I just
and I'm in a box with him to his house
or if it's creepy or I don't know I just
I don't know to do with them I couldn't
give it him away but I bought them from
him so I feel bad but I they're just
going to sit there forever probably
