alright guys we are hello boobs we are
shooting a cover today for the warrior
EP I am in a whole warrior attire I
would get the photo shoots in my house
here setting up for the little paper and
this is a bomb bomb outfit I got
obsessed with this custom made by
Michael filming one warrior status
gladiator was a pretty special baby
you'll be a thing on your face big
disgrace
can you hear my angel makeup my re
photog I said shoot explain in the songs
everyone likes the view song so you guys
haven't got it yet done iTunes warrior
see the final photo I'm sure we're
deciding if we do sword or no sword kind
of cool could we look good in the photos
about this to be all shiny so I stabbed
myself and also came with a shield looks
like Versace to me and then the other
thing we had in the crown but we don't
think raised that's cuz hats just look
good on my face it's gotta be a sign so
anyways so much just so tell me all your
honest I know doesn't probably everybody
said I'm a Halloween all year round so
let me take my day off that's a fine
and I guess if you're ever in this
immaculate area then this place called
controls I haven't he's a giant treats
there's some huge us in the rolls by the
way I was loving my sweatshirt so that I
wish I love exercise as much as I love
sitting on the couch
literally means we have to keep
everything
still on vacay mode for a little bit
Margarita's first time tire one let's
see what can you drink it watch flame
here no wait
alright guys gotta get these boots
sitting in the fold and the baby
silver bookstore
so kill
there are literally the prettiest shoes
I've ever seen as a Buddhist all
dentists and I need them I'm getting
these baby silver ones which are so
gorgeous
and they're the top fold once all right
guys there's my little thing I'm so cute
there's all the pop-up store takes my
thing I found this girl on Instagram and
she had the stores and I was like yes
sweet all of it
