you guys seriously I love I love the
holidays in LA I love them so much no
one's fucking here everyone goes back
home I love it like there's no one else
at all like traffic non-existent like it
normally would take me an hour to get my
mom so I was like I'm going there now
and literally taking me like 20 minutes
like like easy like amazing because the
one thing people all complain about la
aunt la people people come to LA like
the alchemy about traffic and like
traffic does suck I'm so like used to it
now I just realized I had to get my
brows wax like gross but anyways I'm so
used to it now so like it's just like
one of those things you just expect to
take like an hour to get like across to
like another part of town like if you're
going from like Hollywood's like the
beach it's gonna take an hour which
should say how long we should take 20
minutes but fuckin traffic but it's
amazing it's like I'm producing amazing
I just realize help paint the bump-out
ah yeah I'm like I have a full pink juic
tracksuit my pink blunts yeah go pink
ugg boots pink cat I'm like pink the
fuck out so literally I walk into my car
and was like I couldn't tell that was
your car who's like I don't always wear
pink but I do feel a little crazy person
right now like just decked out in pink
um I don't know I like me it makes me
happy it makes me feel like old school
trash like when I was like completely
happy old soldiers was cool because she
was just like happy like cuz before I
started you know there was a really like
two years where I didn't really date
and like it was kind of awesome until I
met my first like serious boyfriend I
didn't know literally like what being in
love was so you don't really know what
you're missing out on so I kinda like
living my life of being happy and I was
that I was like this pink crazy
president like when I was on like was to
be a super here on the great player so
I'm so hungry we landed so hungry not in
like at all um but that's what this
reminds me of I don't know just being in
like all because I when I was like 18 to
like 28 I just I just saw we were pink
and everything was pink my whole room is
pink it I had a pink couch and it's just
everything that was like my thing I made
me happy and I was like cute and like
people were hater and like white people
hater is I'm just like livin life
McHappy and like I realize that people
end up becoming miserable throughout
time so like they saw someone like me at
18 just being like really just fresh and
like not heartbroken not anything and so
I think it annoyed people because I
generally was that happy also the stuff
is amazing this vanilla lace from a
Victoria's Secret oh my gosh she's like
this body spray it's honestly oh it
smells so good like I know I probably
did that look like a disgusting face no
it was just like I'm just sniffing it um
but I used to carry my YSL perfume in my
purse because I get smoke bomb but like
I love the way bars raise smell I'm
going to like spray some more cuz it it
like last like every time I wear body
spray I get way more compliments than
when I wear perfume because review is
just like supposed to be more subtle
body sprays like poof you smell like
something it's like it mostly in a good
way but it smells like cookies or
something just smells so mom and then my
other favorite thing I've been loving
are these like wallflowers who wrap the
body works that you like plug into your
wall they're like little
we have to get new ones which sucks
because my solid holiday theme and the
holidays are be over like now because I
have a cordovan stuffing on but it like
snowflakes but they whole like these
like little fill things it makes your
whole house smell like that scent like
if you like the scent a bath Body Works
candles which is why people like candles
right for the center I guess ambiance -
but like mostly the scent I don't sense
these are like having that scent but
like more potent like it doesn't burn
out like I mean they do run out you know
even plugged in or whatever but um they
last about a month in my experience I
don't know this was the last longer me
mind lasts like a good strong scent for
like a month that I just put a new one
up in my bedroom because that's where my
family's gonna be seeing my room so I
would put this freshman and it smells so
good oh my gosh the mahogany teak wood
one which is like was everyone's
favorite candle for like a hot minute
cuz smells like Abercrombie & Fitch
that's what you rubles smell like it'll
apricot me bitch but I don't know
everyone loved that but it smells small
um but yeah Kara my cute little pink
purse I'm like obsessed
I get so many compliments on this purse
like shout out to the girl her name is
bad girl bebe I think on Instagram I met
her at a she was a subscriber I met her
at mini alum and she had that bag I was
like so cute and she I liked the charms
and everything like I totally copied her
I like with the little bag purse charms
like the My Little Pony and shit because
it's like oh so cute and which I think
it's not really copying it's being
inspired by which I love I love him
before like and vibra me that yeah not
the same shit as your McDuck so fucking
cool like to me right cuz it beats your
like stylish like someone digs your
style right and this girl had amazing
style I still follow her on Instagram
and all her shit still look cute
anyways I very tongue like literally two
days ago and it's still whatever but I'm
off to have breakfast with my mother and
then I'm gonna go with my family idea
for today like because like for covers
that right yeah
shit excited oh I'm so excited you know
issues that I have with my family
whatever like aside like we all come
together and we're like because we
haven't I haven't seen my mom in a wife
a teammate my family that was in Denver
for a while I haven't seen like I saw my
dad recently but when you do get
together with your family you're like oh
this is like this is when like times
were simple I just remember like eat
microwave popcorn my brother after
school and we watch the house and we'd
have Rice Krispies and we my mom will
cook dinner later and a lot back then
because I would thing about that I came
from a school for my 3:30 and we would
snack and then my mom would cook dinner
if I do that now if i snack before I eat
like I'm not hungry for a meal weird
so you're hungry getting more active in
your at school
so get me ready to eat as much back then
and I just think I do I don't know so
I'm like pasta and stuff but nothing
like crazy I don't know I'm just like
think you know but I don't know being
around family just reminds me of like
like simple time like you know everyone
has jobs and work and saw that but we
all come together I would you just like
II talkin visit I love you like that but
alright sorry this lighting sucks so
that's what's happening I love you guys
I'm sorry I try not to do car Bob's too
long like when I'm talking in the car
but it's it when I can talk to Moe's
because I have no one stand next to me
so it's like you guys are next to me all
right I'll see ya looks amazing thanks
guys I know must be wondering where she
is there she is
Christmassy brat Hennessey's in Hermosa
Beach and the Purser's I know it's so
good this is effortless ladies yeah
thank you
this is Captain Crunch honcho oh there's
the Cap'n Crunch yeah we got that we got
bacon eggs that make hot chocolate we
got mimosas it's just going off for
Christmas Eve morning
look at it she looks good
we're just chillin and having a good day
even for me it's chilly but look how
close we were to the beach shop so walk
in the ocean
come on things I'm talking about why
would I tell you we're close to the
beach right here here let's say Pee
Wee's bike there's the beach behind us
this is better this way that when we
were walking towards it it was like it
was the most periodic tuam from me girls
whose mouth alright guys I came over
there's more birds now here's a second
bird look at my mom she became a bird
lady all of a sudden she's okay Rosie
look she's your uniform bird oh she
wants he's your thing don't eat the bee
is so funny
mm-hmm the birds are just wild now in
the open look at them my mama for the
bathroom and they're just chillin in
there their house oh yeah one over here
just eatin and chillin oh oh my God look
at this bird how funny is this
is that good pics oh I can't with this
part I think see
are you hungry girl oh my god how she
looks like
wipe over eat this is a bird move on
that bird over there even see it's not
focusing she gonna fall off that thing's
with big bird this one now I don't stop
eating this little apple how she had
that big apple and it she's a cute this
whole place in her hand
handy she sucks out all right they're
marking teton out this one has food
alright alright okay alright that's a
Christmas present
I'm so excited Merry Christmas thank you
oh my god wait til you see my house my
injury Allentown gave me my director OTT
he gave me the best kisser oh really
it's really exciting this is for my mom
we're salt really really key oh and I
was a creation blog because I don't
really get presents doesn't really get
me things so oh you can wrap this to
extra ha ha
she got me and priests which I heard
mostly beach sweatshirt I love it I love
these sweatshirts
I'll get this from hands no okay you
know the bougie uh kids play bougie kids
I've got cool outside zippers - oh come
on
Oh TV if misrepresent Hermosa Beach that
I look at I love it thumpy actually hate
the city here also betray like their
approach thanks mommy
oh you out come okay Ted this is my
chemical peel with makeup over it cuz it
look like an Indian oh you're getting
yourself in there look at your uni oh
thanks mommy I regret semester thanks
thanks
my daily vlog or pictures oh we're at
the fam everyone's so secretive in my
family I have family you guys yeah we're
at this Shogun it's like this little
like a watching play of Gian I have my
Christmas sweater on ready to eat my
hair evening it was it crazy cuz it was
like looking at me like oh my god
but yeah so I'm happy with family and
things are going good I can't show you
guys over there there's more family over
there but what I have some you get here
around the last guys look how cute is
the drink is I got a sumo rum creme de
cacao and pineapple juice pineapple
juice creme de cacao for the view
I don't know creme de cacao
is it alcohol oh I don't know
Oh while trying to try this rough
account we're all trying to figure out
what's wrong
I now produce the little kitty I like
the noise with it - all right here we go
yeah
Merry Christmas everybody
from showed up there's a dream I do
mrs. Christmas night there's no desserts
left how everything's picked over all
the sad desserts left that nobody wanted
so much
your chair up
the Christmas
