alright guys you probably won't be
seeing this vlog till the new year and
until my album is out but I am gonna go
meet a friend for lunch and then go into
some recording time which I'm going to
be making very very secretive until the
release but I wanted to show you guys
some of the vlogs and behind the scenes
so I hope you guys enjoy that my Michael
Kors beanie my juicy tracksuit which I
have a Bennett loving you know my
Alliance converse you already now choke
her from Free People
oh yeah I'm gonna go meet a friend for
some lunch alright guys so I am on my
way into lunch it's not a meeting or
anything it's just with a friend this
loser in acquaintance that I've known
and he's just been very sweet kind to me
thank you so I try to get out you know
not set my house so much and mope and
think and sake bomb right so basically a
little bit more like if I'm saving this
till the new year til it gets closer to
the release I am doing this album I want
it to be kind of like a surprise it's
just something that came about it really
did just present itself in such a random
way and maybe one day I can tell the
full story
the way it's got another one of those
blinky last bones or look these things
like my I'd see for anyone wants no
we're just so good I match my outfit to
you know got have that blue with this
songwriter I had met almost a year ago
like a year ago
January this month if you're pricing
this January said he had been writing
for me for the past year and again just
kind of circumstantial whatever the case
was like we just kind of kept missing
each other and but the songs he wrote
for me like our soap urgent to
everything that I'm feeling it was as if
someone it's as if one of you were
watching my blogs it kind of was
documenting my feelings through song and
was like hey I had these songs for you
that I'd like documented your feelings
and you're who you are the first song
we're recording today in a mile turn
left onto South Russell revenue that
we're recording today is cuts through me
like because it's so personal it like
made me cry when I first like listened
to it it made me cry it made me weep it
made me feel like this is this is
everything I want to say in such a
beautiful way and that maybe other
people can relate to cuz obviously I can
relate to you the way I talk and the way
I you know tell my story is until its
share my life but this is such a
beautiful way to express my feelings and
because I express my feelings had a
messy but there is a beautiful way to
express sadness and loneliness and
abandonment and stuff like that there is
this beautiful way of expressing it
because a lot of us go through it and I
think it's healthy to express that so
anyways um that's what I'm doing
turn left onto South thrust or Avenue
and I will take you guys all on the
journey with me I'm like so mm out I'm
so pretty Spears 2001 I love it so much
my bra actually matches my I kind of
look crazy I was like you to bono like
all right guys studio day to just
watching some odd couple having some
fettuccine it from Domino's
that little blanket came from create get
her arm where she is in a minute I'm
looking a little rough from ski and some
fukken last night studio day ones
amazing day to is today and I've got to
go
we have a lot to do with over the
holidays I have an album shoot to do I
have to get my hair colored I have music
videos to prep to back to back and get
this album done so what do I do when I'm
a little lost
I go to art I create art in artistic
direction and my creativity helps get me
out of my depression so I'm doing only
drinking water sorry if my feet are
dirty are they dirty it's always dirty
little little hint right there warrior
okay so sorry I was like super hungry so
I'll explain more in detail what this
was so this is like a blank it's a huge
blank by the way it's a full body like
porch for me this artist I'm gonna show
you guys have fun a minute
made this like cartoon character me it
kind of raising like a Tim burton-esque
character push all these eyelashes
though are you're seeing those eyelashes
like crazy
tomatoes coaching they're truly nice not
on Instagram I don't really know how I
got my address but it's all good I mean
they sent me a nice letter which I love
but I'll show you so this is what the
little art looks like that he did a meme
it's obviously me for my fat chicks and
it's really cool it's like this really
like cool little character so he sent me
a bunch of stuff like I'm still necklace
I don't know it's not focusing hmm um
there's notebook which I'm gonna use
because I'm obsessed with your notebook
um I think this is like a little like
glasses cleaner thing this t-shirt which
I'm gonna actually leave fold if I'm
gonna work tomorrow so I'll show you
guys tomorrow what it looks like lon and
then just here's his info oh this is
like a stack of playing cards with the
same picture on this is his info create
ghetto art calm and it's Instagram and
all that stuff like that Tom so guys
check him out it's pretty cool like I
don't know really what else he does I
just like loved this little like cartoon
character he sent me like all these
little goodies I was like really really
sweet of him yeah so anyways appreciate
you guys that in-depth
I still got wash my face I just ate some
cookies um so excuse my appearance my
head itches cheap um so yeah I didn't
record anything in the recording studio
stray um because it was really emotional
song and I was feeling really emotional
yesterday it was just a good time to
record it it's full of I haven't guys
are seeing this it's gonna be out it's
the title song my EP warrior and it's
just a song was really relevant to my
life now and kinda is like a recurring
theme throughout my life that
no matter like hardships people leaving
you people letting you down unrequited
love unrequited feelings just all that
stuff like it happens like we all have
our shit to go through and things to
suffer through but at the end you gotta
you gotta keep fighting and you got to
become a warrior in this life and that's
how I truly feel and the term warrior
always was like very masculine to me and
something I never really wanted to
relate to but at the end of the day like
this is like the life I was dealt and
like I have no choice but to be
victorious to be a warrior and that's
always pushed me and motivated me I mean
even now doing all this new music and
just getting stuff around and music
videos and just pushing my managers and
stuff to give me more opportunities like
it just comes from a place of like I
guess I'll show you which has always
been my mentality throughout life
starting with kids from a young age
making fun of me to teachers telling me
I can't do something I want to do and
everything was just like I'm gonna show
you I'm gonna show you or I'm not good
enough for something or people think I'm
just leveling out it's like no I'm gonna
show you I can do even more and it's
just been the mantra of my life that no
matter what I do I always want to be
doing more and it comes during hard
times I really push myself so we're
finishing up the warrior song today and
we're starting our second one called
thick which was a song written
specifically for me and I can't wait for
eyes to hear it gonna be amazing so
those will be the two first music videos
I do but being creative and having
motivation getting music videos around
outfits and you know the cover shoot and
songs and everything like it's it's
given me a purpose in life again like in
my life to get up in the morning and
shower which I haven't got to do I have
to go do that now I wash my face and
stuff but it's given me purpose and
motivation and my family is actually
coming into town this week and I'm
really excited about that so I'm really
gonna try and like take the week off
after tomorrow except for the photoshoot
next week I have to like tan and get my
hair done and nails and all that stuff
like that but and then I'm gonna spend
some time with them and then just really
come strong in the new year so hopefully
you guys will be on this journey with me
I don't know how many parts this will be
but um this will be the start back with
the vlog so I love blogging and I'm
gonna fuckin do my shit so what I do so
anyways guys um that's what's going on
and I'll talk to you guys getting
Christmas tree
Starbucks
my hair's rushed on getting a green team
thank you so much
I can't keep this cup is it's got the
Colonel holly berries you guys literally
it's like Christmas Eve Eve right now so
this would be out of style soon but I
thought it was like really really cute I
got my green tea for the studio there's
my car and we are in the valley
beautiful valley alright guys good
morning I'm gonna go get this hair done
being my color and a blowout okay so
this is the shirt from the other day I
showed you to create ghetto art shirt so
cool and I got this jacket because I was
watching a super fruit vlog shout out to
Mitch and Scott Mitch is so cool like
we've been texting and I am obsessed
with him so much but anyways it's
probably so creeping about but I her
like don't care they had these matching
jackets and I'm literally Google to find
it I found it and it was so overpriced
it's like fucking I'm gonna get it but
one thing it's like really comfy it's
like a big ass blanket which I really
really like I mean it's so oversized and
it kind of makes you look like a potato
but they look so cute in it and it has
it's like a great little hoodie and this
reversible like little orange number
thing so I got it this is kinda like the
full
I mean it's comfy I just look like a boy
but you know whatever superfruit for
life so yeah super fruit her I don't
know anyways yeah I'm just gonna go
record all day today we have a 14-hour
session so wish me luck hopefully my
voice will stay up hair I had a fitting
this morning for my album cover shoot
I'm gonna go do hair and then I'm gonna
record some push me like young OTD so
cute right fresh roots much butter
you saw me I'm crazy this morning now
it's time to go record that way not to
be there so actually I'm like not time
yes can I get a number 13 sorry
a number 13 please wrong medium or
medium for cannot drink with your life
okay and I get an order of the cheesy
tots okay
thank you guys didn't windows baby
though she's not forgotten if you guys
saw my the day before everything went to
shit I did a Cheney just hot like he's
very likely I should not even be going
through directly right now but I'm so
hungry and I like what my hair guys
don't have to get this checked out like
so scary um okay go under court has a
hair done I'm likely I feel so bad but
they're like right now so stuff
yesterday before so I'm recording two
songs show you guys what printer shift
is on
basically I should prefer
yeah that was like a five-minute break
you're like
I hate being late I really do I feel
like every time I log in like right late
I like being busy though that I'm like I
cram my schedule like a pack like don't
want me talking to herself but shouldn't
look homeless cause she has like a fresh
bleach want haircut too much food about
whatever this one was girl with two old
carts going right through me though she
has no fucks have you guys hot I'm
watching a window match she's trying to
cross it's like two big parts she's nine
boy in the crosswalk like gonna let her
cross it wasn't even that far out but
mmm
anyways I guess here's something you
watch me because whatever a mission I
enjoy this and like space out for a
minute but
sometimes in my family tomorrow you're
coming out such a perfect time everyone
sing with me sucking me full of love
some people love me even I'm a crazy
bitch that's the best Matt family
they'll love you Mon your grades bitch
awesome be wise I'm gonna show you guys
the time you're not gonna wait the time
it is Christmas Eve and the seconds too
big for my seatbelt shoot it's 6:00 a.m.
the next day like I wasn't like I slept
in the studio and they like finished
mixing and everything I was sleeping
like you're not gonna even believe like
watch i'ma show you the time
there's like a picture anyways this
portrayed I want you to see the parent
education picture from dislike so tired
and so delirious like I am so tired and
I'm gonna go take a nap let's see our
thing I'm gonna pick up my family on the
airport for you guys we finished the
circuit EP and like no time like a
literally a week I had so much anger so
much energy so much emotion I guess is
the right word flowing through me during
this time that we have been working like
I feel like I haven't you I didn't block
out of studio like we just worked
non-stop the guy is like behind my hair
like I look crazy like I have not been
home like not slept like I slept a
little bit on that couch but these
sensors are ridic work so freaking hard
on this one because there's like no cars
around me or behind me oh my god this
car is a broken piece of shit
but yeah I just I wanted to I just want
to get this out there I mean everything
I'm just song about it's like just so
relevant to what I'm feeling in life
right now and I'm just like okay at the
scenes to get out there I need to
release this energy this negative
emotion put it out there in such a bleak
aside in such a beautiful way that I'm
just like I'm so happy I chair but like
yeah we've been in there
well the session started at noon
yesterday at 7 o'clock now so do the
math when is that like a long time I
can't do the math but we have been
putting in that time pretty much every
day every minimum 14-hour days so I
forget love my engineer and love my
producer like I am like they just start
they just knocked it out for me like
they're cool they're so cool like my
enemy I don't know any other person in
or producer I don't know any other
person that would do that it would stay
like 18 hours to like help you finish
like a project in a deadline on fucking
Christmas Eve even know less it's a time
when the everyone's going home once
you've a family and we're just like
killing it in the studio which is great
for me because I love it I you know I'm
such a
now-now-now I want to I want to get out
what I'm feeling now and it's great that
someone was so behind me you guys are
gonna like the songs and there's some
fun songs there's two fun songs on it
too
and there it is what you see here and
it's such once again a different sound I
know a lot people like why do you always
change producers and music I just like
different sounds like I feel like you
know there's certain people that go
Britney Spears like even a Steven Tyler
like people have sounds and that's like
what you're supposed to do when you're
like mainstream musician pop star
whatever rock star like you should sound
like that's their sound that's your
sound you like establish a sound and
that's how people know you for and I
love people told me that that I get to
find like your sound and I'm like but my
sound is always different because my
head's always different my emotions
always different I'm a different person
like every single day you know like I
don't know if that's like schizo or what
but like and I'm not even seem that to
be funny like there's maybe there is
something wrong with me where I'm the
constantly changing Who I am like on a
very drastic level I'm a very short
amount of time so maybe there isn't the
moment I don't know but these came to me
perhaps I mean see me clean house yet
like so crazy but I'm like delirious but
like
so we're these sensors so weird um but
like I said I got to sleep a little bit
because when they were like mixing like
I do like to be on there like when
they're like humping a song but Chloe
get sleepy just like let me fall asleep
and I trust them so much like what do I
know you know what I mean the guy I know
I know what I like it to sound like but
I mean they don't weigh more than like
me about music composition stuff smells
just like you guys go for it you don't I
mean they're really but I do like to be
in there and I also like to be in there
just at least if nothing else is like a
physical presence like a support that
I'm here that I'm like with them in the
trenches even I'm like sleeping so now
we're going down Hollywood it's
completely empty on Christmas Eve like
everyone has gone home and done and even
my engineer is literally leaving in like
horror for he's like I'm gonna sleep
he's like I have to go pack and I go to
the airport so hopefully I'll sleep on
the plane I was like that brother that
looks good the young Pope
this is weird y'all like these sensors
have not been like this before like it's
a very very bizarre and this it's like
something triggering it so I think you
guys these might be oh hello
this might be a long blob we might be
doing series of these I don't know
because I haven't like edited anything
in a long time because I kind of stopped
vlogging as of 2016 and I'm like resumed
2017 so we're trying like organize all
this on my computer and edit and stuff
so I don't know what you're gonna see
and when you're gonna be seeing it but
but Jill we see in it because this has
been a crazy like journey in time in my
life and I kinda I feel like I should
just document it but I'm like tired I
can't go to sleep I'm kinda hungry but
we're posting we would love for
breakfast this shit alright guys I love
you guys and I hope you got a lot of
great holiday season and like I said if
I'm sure by the time the style warrior
is already out so go get it on iTunes
cuz I worked so for VidCon so you can
actually go listen to music probably
right now that I'm talking about
um which I'm gonna actually listen to
her now because they sent me copies of
them so I'm gonna go listen to him in my
car shell and I'll see you guys look
little gates and see guys
