alright guys here is my OTD I'm heading
out to Joey and Daniel's Christmas party
um I actually didn't think about going
just because I don't know going out to
parties alone doesn't seem like
something I want to do for a while but
Joey actually texted me and said he'd
really like me to come and I was like ok
so I'm going to come I do miss them and
I love them and a bunch of other
youtubers I know we're going so we get
myself out of this house um so we had to
bring a gift so I actually had gotten
this gift for a friend of mine a
girlfriend and it's really nice but we
had a little bit of a falling out so I'm
going to actually bring this for the
what album party actually has a ribbon
right here that I'm gonna put on it but
this is going to be my gift and oh did I
ever go sure this is chair motor for my
music videos in travail and I got with
this chair afford to be on set I thought
I was like really really cute but
anyways that is my o TN and yeah I don't
know that I'm a little overdressed but
you know tis the season there's a bunch
of presents for somebody that I don't
ever talk to either so I would bring all
in for everybody but okay so I'm gonna
go I love this choker so much and that
bag though and those would stuff dessert
this is vegan eggnog with heparin
Joey's in Canberra
is that bad I just have a piece of to
the back okay
like be sneaky and I saw you like
garbage in Redmond no is it hard it's
like it's not very like you get invited
to be mean to me looking up will we join
her when we're all the effector and
Kalina and Joey when I think you with
each other and I'm here like little like
it wasn't me I enjoy slowly watching me
join was like this was like yeah not it
was like this literally and then Holly
were like couple being like that I was
like thanks even I wasn't at home they
invited me but then
yeah sure like want to come I was like
oh they by the way everybody said like
whatever and they made it out think they
no real friend right here waiting that
HD about white elephants party boy white
others oh hi oh hey mr. crane uh-oh
my mind's a happy I came to this is my
only other Britney fan favorite here oh
my god I just got her vinyl flooring
vinyl it's so pretty
officer Davis me for my birthday it's so
pretty
was there
more than one pushes people next year
yes friend okay
Joey's going now so I'll stop littering
YouTube last year
she stole for me she gave the worst oh
sorry I don't want to pop her up my butt
looks scared of cool awesome okay
putting a popper up my butt I don't want
it okay okay is really she left no
there's these words again I'm vlogging
you look at this socializing way okay um
I will put this between these four yeah
it's a girl
I don't know what isn't it they look so
supported but it was it's not I like
this yeah do okay so awkward at all
I really love it um okay now do that
I was here to run put a popper let's
quit cloud gosh got a little popper okay
what have you Sheila Evans long so long
you look tough the popper comes thanks
everybody really appreciate it scammers
are you related to Ed Julian her life
was great uh-oh
fraud until your last name why would you
touch each other backstage she was like
oh sure she did I got away literally
hear that I felt like I was I thank you
I thank you just take everything from
their house their house is beautiful
you took my gift and I took yours oh
yeah nobody wanted that gift is booty
look we literally got the best gifts
here just like not gonna lie we went
above the budget in an amazing town and
I think I should hate it but
