guys before we on our first ride at
Disneyland today we are on California
soren and with Jane Simon over the world
were so excited this is our first ride
we had a couple drinks already we had a
shot we had already start in the morning
our VIP guide and you're scared oh that
was so scary look at the movie a roller
coaster all affairs oh no he's scared of
that so we're gonna go on it has yes if
I do the upside-down one which I've
never been on upside down I'm so sorry
where you throwing the fair as well make
sure we're not drinking before that
though because I will get sick but this
is Carl and y'all it's all festive this
that's the kind of rides I can handle
right there I heard that one so not
intimidating scrambler was that serious
no I don't like motion sickness this is
so cool
bring me in the front look at our set on
the floor apartment I've worked here
with you on the 405 freeway changes
vertice oh shoot I was late sorry we're
late for the fray
okay yeah we look so good come back and
take the picture sorry I know they had a
big line in there looks so good our
magic yeah walk it walk work work walk
work work
hi guys having a little snack we're in
toontown met some cool fishies here at
MIT so me cool ones I'm so excited so we
got this keep that and James is getting
a hot dog and our tour guide is getting
us a corn we got like a real restaurant
around each other
so hungry
so tired so much fun here close darkness
news without their resumes bad
no new background we never heard of him
long I know everybody on the blog
alright just got some Domino's watching
fuller house on my videos processing and
I'm in my onesie I just FaceTime my
brother and his family and I am editing
for the night this whole day has just
been editing so it's been uneventful but
anyway and I am going to recline and my
seat right here my computer on my laptop
sometimes I like to watch the side but I
also bring it over here
oh hello into something who ripped it
out and on episode 2 a fuller house and
you have me on cozy I'm really missing
someone he's been working so much but
tomorrow is his last day for work for
like a week or ten days then he has to
work again for a couple days and then he
goes home but so sad I'm gonna eat of my
feelings in pizza and pasta that's good
timing with my brother on my pizza came
he's like oh like you got brie Pete
doesn't like one another
there's the pizza anyways alright guys I
am going to go and shell but I thought
I'd check in because I don't do really
like a proper vlog today so this will
probably eat with another day but mm-hmm
took a long time for me to get home oh
good I'm exempt necklace until when your
significant other is working
I'll say some from him too don't worry
all right I love guys now if I see you
tomorrow someone was gonna win Oh curly
out I'm a fourth floor but first okay
today is gonna be in one of these
episodes coming up so I think I said I
see you guys tomorrow but I'm having
some of this pasta and I look so damn
good that I wanted to share the first
bite with you guys I was a little but
I'm always eating dominoes in shows I've
done like three shells like dominos is
my ish when I go to for delivery so
here's to an eating show not eating show
I might break out something so strict
terribly full house on that looks wish I
was has taste bonds by hash tag no okay
exciting update number three tonight's
the Marvel brownie cookie which I can
never eat all of my favorite is the most
middle part and easy I don't the corners
are my least favorite because there's
too much like it's too baked around it
but never kidding because I don't know
okay there we go he's I'm just older mmm
bastard from IEDs a plane you guys no
idea every pizza place is stuck at
mm-hmm
joke
