are you guys this is the beginning of
today's blog but I've been filming all
day so this is like the third outfit
changed so first have you seen but yeah
I've been changing it to apathetic on
canteen outfit and now I'm in like more
normal normal clothing for me this top
is from Venus so super cute these pants
I got so long ago from Santee alley
ignore a little guy I did a little
eating show um they were super cheap
sorry from chopping my gum and then I
have my sparkly converse on because I
love my bling-bling shoes I got these
from Etsy the L Lyons you guys know the
drill with that and then I have him my
hair like Britney Spears I saw her wear
this at iHeartRadio like um I need that
Britney look and yeah actually that's
more flattering than I see it in camera
kinda see my little belly
these jeans are a little tight I hike I
told y'all I gained a little weight but
it is what it is I just threw out on my
Starbucks wall my Starbucks food hello I
did a little taste test at the Starbucks
and I was yummy I was really really good
fun I must go bake some cookies win what
I have really started falling cool lean
like really is his focus Ella in the
past couple of months since were choking
up because I was a huge fan of the show
and like I said I've always loved her
shows been so nice to me in advance um
but like I said I shared like holding
her vlogs when I would realize she
watches me and then we've always tweeted
back and forth and now we're hanging out
and I'm really really super excited like
I'm not even gonna get nervous with when
I meet someone new especially a youtuber
or a girlfriend because you guys know
like I'm on this quest to have like
girlfriends in my life like any more
girlfriends um so I usually it really
nervous but some reason I'm not at all
like I just feel like if you watched my
video she knows my gig i watch her
videos I know her gig she seems super
sweet cool and she is a theatre chick
like myself even though like I never was
the lead she would be like Annie and I'd
be like orphan number 32 and it's a
hard-knock life that's exactly how it
would have been in school but like
science has always want to be friends
with elite Annie
Melissa flowers was her name limit
production of Annie she was pretty cool
and she could sing really good and I
always want to be that girl's for him
but nobody
is um so yeah my video is going ahead I
have this cool
gosh you guys I'm gonna bring this cuz
Coolio plays ukulele so movie I'll like
I don't know Lamar play the ukulele or
gonna know or does happen to my PG
witness I think it's kind of bougie I
don't even know so yeah that's what
we're doing that's my eating she'll
usually has picture frames on my eating
show tables white plains picture frames
are over there you guys how that
yesterday remember longest it was awful
so hopefully the ball better say I don't
know what the heck I'm gonna film
there's anything because you know like
meeting someone first I mean like I
don't want to like be mean camera in
their face II what they are youtuber but
we'll see how it goes so my guys like
birthday don't where I'm gonna lose the
gum to I just look at gas and I hell I
had to take the trash out a lot he's
juice when I need to like focus this is
like materal I focus is current
situation pumping gas
this cleaning like dishes laundry and
pumping gas like things that he doing
interlock
itself with a wind publicist horseman
jumps my ride by the way I just sorted
him today so must be bujji's thing I
wanted to my pinky way I'm a lot of
people only I own this someone thought I
borrowed it for a video there's a dent
right pose
anyway didn't dark and I'm still
shopping I'm sorry guys I'm going to
tell me the whole way over spit it out
in a napkin not ensuite I have to get
the premium and a 319 step for yo there
I'm dizzy
I've been going to a gas station
literally just like myself however just
like stairs American have CP wagon
before my guys like totally futile
search right now
and that I don't have with me cool
straight up Stern don't start Lee that
was rubbery for this girl
crossing the Pacific being so obnoxious
catchin Imjin up this imaginations opens
in my car
we're just gonna show you guys the price
you'll see what does do anything to do I
get to
your trash can I can do it off
hi guys roast by having Santa down in
the car yes you should never pay
absolutely not you should ever pay out
here you should ever pay in this thing
because they can like read your card
like everytime songs about providing
opportunities always going to use this
card one of these but I definitely don't
put your PIN you can put your legs up
code but don't you pen always pee inside
you'll have cash like just pick your
card inside it's just safer I mean it's
crazy how many people I've heard that
after - so anyways alright going oh I'm
now going on an adventure to the other
side of the hill
okay look I have a pink charger and even
option so please that Gucci purse though
so Kela anyways
someone someone in my life told me they
hated this purse oh girl - male I was
like this is so ugly cause like okay
like things I did what do you say I'm
sorry thank you I don't know however why
you so obsessed with me
freshmen
don't anybody have a Merry Christmas oh
I've no Christmas music this year but
you guys I have for Christmas songs
Kelvin um I have want the Christmas
music got on iTunes Santa Baby marasmus
Christmas Fe novalee night so the four
songs for we have you guys welcome
Christmas Trish misuse it
just broke up with loser boy marry man
no the low background on Christmas socks
is like it was a time like I literally
met Sean on the Christmas sucks music
video but it was after photo this guy
was in love with brunette viewers was
cheating on me and like had a girlfriend
that he was living with and just it was
just a mess and it was just all this
stuff and so I wrote I wrote Christmas
sucks and because it's not fun and art
we never have any traditions we always
end up going out to Friday's like I have
only like usually three of my family
people show up so that's why I wrote it
people think it's a little pessimistic
I like the holiday the idea don't ask
you
so many buses in LA like that's amazing
soups this blessing movie now of course
yes I like the idea of Christmas the
holiday of Christmas but the season I
should say we're like stores are
decorated and lights are up like super
pretty and everything's super festive
and people like him to be happy your
interior and you get to buy gifts in
auto-ship but the actual holiday Wow I
mean pepero day jesus but it wasn't even
actual birthday historians and calendar
people say this is like a piece of shit
wall this is to be so bougie if I was to
get dark she's gonna go in and out so
should I go plus I keep to make them and
I know it would annoy guys it's what I
do and I'm like I know it's something to
do is just keep me occupied ask but I
see and now this red lighting now yes I
love this happen just wish I want to
have born I just noticed that you can
see a white bra through and I have she
got a red bra and it's like oh great
we be at Jackie mess what else is new
and this kind of like with the
turtleneck on this little pigtail kind
of just hmm my eyes I mean it to
holiness Colleen a lot as we talked
about it but oh my gosh you guys we've
been making cookies
yeah are we've been having just like oh
my god Joey but I'm not even filming me
wait I know do you got that too we did
Jonathan then open pulley buck and Corey
no sure like oh my god I was expecting
to be like Eli like what's the T but
like not at all it's just so nice and
show and say we think Halloween and
she's just like weirdly so night the
game is like Oh
and I wasn't going I was so crazy and
they're not just singing and I'm like I
literally fangirls a little bit he's
playing this ukulele
that's attitude by the way we can you
play it let's let's tune it go okay and
they're gonna sing I'm going to snapchat
it whoa you're right
sorry emptiness oh my gosh I'll explain
why I think Brandis insanity - I'll be
like you guys I like and Gerling so hard
lately is this real life
I really love this rated like movie
me
just
the avid proof at the end girls can
become friends literally so excited and
texted : Maya was here and I like kind
of fangirl to get Trish over there's
like oh my god I think I watch all your
videos I'm Jen girl oh I would not like
really we made cookies because like a
lot of yeah you're so sweet no iris you
are a pretty goodness because I didn't
watch your blog like I went to the wrong
house with you the wrong address I
thought oh my god Colleen's like a mean
girl like she's be like cranking me oh
we're going to Noel again Thursday idea
we're totally oh my god went up to that
person's house illegally near like no
and then I'm ex my car's totally texting
me but like later after I asked her
where to park and I would imagine she
said what are in parks like just by the
car service outside with my cat like
waiting on me after like we are so
excited like us I had new friends coming
over a girl ready for super party yeah
all right cookie decorations ready buy
them laid out like a weirdo I need a new
friend
you both like oh my god I'm like I'm
like I'm Felice I never friends like a
girlfriend shows me this is everything I
know I know but um ya know I just feel
bad that I made you go to the wrong
house whatever that's gonna be the title
pulling the mean girl like that and I'm
back home in my Lucy and Ricky Christmas
pajamas
I love Lucy's so much so got home and
about to edit and then
Shaunie's gonna come over and just go
ahead and um and get ready for tomorrow
and tomorrow I'm gonna film some more
I've been really enjoying YouTube lately
I've been really loving YouTube and um
filming and editing I don't know I get
really excited to like wake up and film
you guys know he's like
all my things I really film once a week
or you know once every couple weeks and
felt all in one day and kind of like
just get a done sort of thing but I
actually like wake up in the morning
like excited to do new videos so I might
do some videos together in the morning
before he has to go to work um I don't
know but I'm gonna here the vlog because
even tonight I was talking about weird
haven't relationships and like you've
been keeping a lot more private on on
mine and I'm like yeah it's kind of nice
it's kind of nice because you're not
opening yourself up for like Kurtis ISM
like it's it like cogent I love logging
I do I would love it cuz I love watching
it back and like documenting something
so amazing the night was so fun and so
amazing and I know for me personally I
get like a little awkward of like
wolcott first but I just know I'll
regret it if I don't because I'm having
so much fun in the moment that makes
sense so I do love to log everything but
the same time keeping something private
just like in a relationship sense
there's something amazing about that -
so I'm like getting this balance like
worked out think that but I had I don't
have gum in my mouth tonight trust me
because I know I had the best time
tonight I didn't get to show Rachel on
the vlog um but she was there too and it
was so much fun there's so nice and just
easy to talk to like I I have some fine
I would have just like literally I would
have just moved into I've been like yeah
let me move on cuz just Jonathan just so
sweet and nice and just everyone just
makes me feel like so come from Corey so
nice like Corey is so nice and so just
mellow and sweet like sweet like I don't
know why I was talking to be like over
the top just like a lot cuz you know
that's how a lot of characters he plays
online
like his persona sometimes but just
sweet just so frickin sweet and then um
Rachel is just so fucking chill and real
and I guess I said oh my gosh and then
of course of course Pauline just so
nicest she just asked I just oh she was
just so I don't know I really do love
like there is something magical about a
magical oh my god am i there is
something nein
about having girlfriends like I always
thought it was weird with like a girl
never had girlfriends like they only had
guys like I you know I mean and I'm
saying that as someone who always had
guy friends I mean I don't know if it's
weird maybe it's not but I think there
is something about girls connecting with
girls and I and I love that like I love
it you know what I mean like it was it
was cool like you get that you know I'm
saying um and she was just so nice and I
I wasn't kidding earlier when I'm like
I'm like a fangirl become friend because
even machine I was definitely like not
simply a fan of his you know and I
watched these people on YouTube and the
fact that they were just like Shane and
and kollene and just well are you choose
I'm trying to although YouTube work is
no but those are the two that perhaps I
have my head that are just even nicer
and person than they would they even
appear to be in vlogs and stuff like
that it's YouTube was awesome for that
they have brought when you know like
really good friends and I don't notice
what on earth clean so down like I was
shocked a Holly done earth and sweet and
wonderful she was like really truly I'm
not just saying that I'm not like a
fucking kids ass or anything cuz you
guys know she saw me um here's back off
for me right and so and she said should
I appreciated like being real because
like you know at the time like I really
didn't wash Miranda and said like that
and so I'm just being 1% to anyone and I
say like I just I just sounds like a
real fuckin chick right there and I was
like really excited about it and so just
like just a really good I and we ended
with show tunes and singing and he would
watch our vlog cause I think she got the
end there but they play the ukulele and
sang and I was like it was just like fun
like to me that like that's fun to me
that's like just fun just eating cookies
and singing show tunes like it's like
it's a Clow like I found like like
people like either people who like stuff
like me but anyways I'm gonna stop lab
and edit a video have for it gets here
some months late like 10:30 so I'll talk
to you soon
and I love you guys don't guys like my
pajamas and I'll see you guys it's not a
slob but weird I'm Agnes
