hey guys um this is my first vlog back
upstate I guess you could say after my
meltdown and I have to go on with work
it's hard to go on with life the moment
but I have to go on with work because I
know I'll get on with life it just is
really hard for that
I'm going to this TV meetings I've had
schedules for weeks now and I almost
canceled because I feel completely
crippled and I can feel completely numb
but I know I had to turn on me turn on
Trish I can show my real self more on
videos but I still have to turn myself
on I've been posting pre-recorded videos
which I thought I made pretty obvious
that I was going to be posting all the
vlogs and everything was Shaun have been
released
I love Shaun so much I I don't care this
price on statistic and people might
think I'm crazy but I don't care what
he's I don't care about anything
yeah he lied and I'll caught up and got
called out by a person who happened have
a large social media following and I
couldn't ignore it and I knew it would
hurt him and I knew he would never talk
to me again and feel like I've betrayed
him but I just didn't have a choice
for me and at the end of the day I have
to look out for me because he wasn't he
was careless and he wasn't looking out
for me and scary
um obviously I don't know I don't know I
can't even speak into words
of course my batteries won't today I
can't speak into words
for him why he did what he did what the
real story is she reaches for this
charger cheap breaking in me right now
anyways my thing is about to die anyways
so I wanted to take you guys into MGM
that's where I'm going
so hopefully I'm going to just leave it
at that but I'll feel you guys more in
later definitely
nobody stares right across from the
pretty woman hotel it looks like coming
down the stairs all right guys we're on
our way awful when you feel like the
life is absolutely sucked out of you but
I have people come help me get ready
today because I could not I had you my
own hair makeup I would look a mess and
at the end of the day I get through this
and this is my livelihood I have to be
professional I have to be on that's why
I love YouTube it's kind of like my
little outlet
because just like anyone else going
through anything get to show up to work
you can't pull out heartbreak so
alright guys here is MGM it's my OOTD I
just did wondering snapchat
just all black today pretty hash get my
little backpack
hey guys I'm sorry if i blog channels
like all over the place and my blogs are
all over the place I'm sure I can't
speak the Gaelic physically can't talk I
can't speak it's like weird my speech is
like going away like it's very bizarre
and I'm very sorry I may have logs all
over the place I don't even have
enclosing vlogs as at the time I'm
recording this I don't even know what's
going on my vlog channel I don't know
what for it's out of order I'm not
really sure about anything at the moment
I'm event I have to do this one last day
of this TV thing I'm doing um once again
it's a prior commitment I made a month
ago and it's people I work with quite
frequently and I'm not gonna bail on
them
that's awful to do especially when this
is looking livelihood at my job and so I
did get glam again trans sorry I won't
stay clean for a really long time after
today because I am like so beside myself
I'm kind of just I'm trying to keep this
channel as clean as possible meaning
like I don't want to get it messy on
this channel I just opting on myself I
guess it's just my stomach is like
the worst ever felt every morning every
hour I feel empty is and I feel like a
pit like a really big pit as it is like
literally someone like let's say someone
just punched you like really hard and
like like literally like just sucked
your whole like being your breathing
your breath your life out of you like
I've actually never felt a lifeless like
when I've gone through heartbreak if you
want to call it that I I cry I you know
I tend to binge eat this is like the
opposite like I I can't even last night
I went out GG I can't even I can't even
look at him even taste food I can't like
it just it disgust me like i disgust
myself when I look in the mirror it's a
bizarre feeling and I hate feeling this
way because I don't think any person
should feel this way over anything any
guy anything in general like I don't
feel like someone should ever feel this
way about themselves and then I start
doing self reflection being like hey
what is it with me that I'm
everyone who knows me like all the
people who came over to clammy I mean my
life is just completely gone from my
eyes like I can't even I can't really
even fake it at this point like I try
really hard and maybe I do an okay job
for people who don't know me but people
who really know me is just like Trisha
like they'll talk and I'm like I'm sorry
what and I don't get it like I just like
I don't comprehend of words people say I
don't comprehend days I don't come for
Henry ality I don't comprehend you know
my brother's supposed to be coming to
stay with me and they've been sending me
texts since I just I can't even
comprehend text messages like I'm very
just like beside myself
and I to the point where I don't know I
don't know what to do so today I'm doing
the CD thing and then I have a therapist
appointment tomorrow I actually went to
a therapist yesterday
and I was like really gnarly so that's
probably why I don't even know like I
don't know what I've logged is great but
like I'm pretty sure you probably saw
like the last thing me going into the TV
thing and then at everything I gave
updates today after that I don't even
know but I went to my therapist after
that and it was so
like it didn't feel good like I thought
it would to talk to someone it felt um I
felt kind of worse if that makes sense
like I'm saying all this stuff out loud
same thing with YouTube like I say all
this stuff out loud and then I start to
think like maybe I'm greatly maybe I'm
crazy maybe I'm this fucked like really
severely fucked-up individual take
really scary because I don't know how to
get out of this
the prison in your mind to talk about
this before it's literally like I don't
know it's really really scary and I just
I don't know I don't know what to do
anyways I'm sorry if I'm like all over
the place I feel all over the place and
I don't like watching videos of people
all over the place we get your life
together and it's so easy to say and I
don't and I say that to myself and I
still I've just been trying to hang out
with so many different people just to
talk to you not even about this but to
hear about what they're doing it was
such a relief the other night Kail came
over and just told me what everything he
was going through and working on and it
felt good to just like hear someone
else's like day to day and there was
good bad and different whatever it just
felt good to be like okay there's like
human life interacting with me because I
feel I feel dead completely completely
dead on the inside like I don't
nothing excites me nothing makes me
happy I you know back in the day like
lamb would really excite me like getting
pretty or going to this TV thing it's
like it would a really exciting is
everything is like a chore everything is
like torture and you know they say and
they say times like it gets better but
like I don't like I don't I don't know
because to be honest each day kind of
feels a little worse to me like I'm not
gonna lie like I'm not crying
hysterically anymore but my insides feel
more gone each day like more my heart is
like I don't know if this is like your
heart like right here it's not like your
heart area like it's like a physical
pain you guys like it's a physical pain
which really like worries me
and I don't like feeling this way and I
don't know what I don't know what to do
about it and that's what sucks so I
think in some fields if I see a
therapist I am I don't think on
occasions the answer for me I've been on
medication I feel I mean I don't know
maybe it is now but I feel like I go so
crazy on that stuff so I don't know
that's the one positive update is you
know my emotions aren't up and down and
all over the place my emotions are quite
level meaning there's none there
basically flatline I guess that's a good
thing that I'm not so manic which I
normally tend to be and have been in the
past and um I don't know um but I you
know like you I'm a Christian so I do
believe that like it is wrong but to
take your own life and I also would
never do it to my own family
we weren't even to myself you know so
that's not that's not answer that's not
that's not that's not worth I'm going at
all like that's not even where my head's
at so having said the reason I brought
that up is because my life
will have to go on as long as I'm alive
like it's going to go on unless it ends
by God or what have you and it's
obviously everything so God's plan and
God's timing so it will but I'm not
going to make that decision myself you
know what I mean like so I don't want
anyone to worry about that it's really
not where my head that I promise you I'm
just literally like how is is this going
to be the rest of my life and I know it
sounds dramatic but you know some people
are miserable I know some actual
miserable people and you do feel bad for
those people and I might be one of those
people to feel bad for because something
made them miserable in life something
turned to them that way
and so like I said having known people
who are completely actually actually
miserable legit miserable in their lives
but maybe it does become a lifestyle
where I'm just gonna be cold and not
trust anyone and won't trust anyone and
meaning I'll sabotage any other future
relationship friendship or otherwise
it's really really sucks so you guys
that's where I'm at and I am I like
trying to put on like that face like I'm
trying to be okay and like everyone I
talk to I'm trying to laugh with and
smile with and there's just something in
me that's just can I just I just want
every just want each day to be over like
I can't wait I can just be a bet even if
I can't sleep I like to just be in bed
with a Chance of sleeping so
my chest hurts so bad it's like and I'm
not saying that to be dramatic it's just
really it's like painful so I don't I
don't know what that is but anyways Wow
guys gracious just like a lot of work of
a party back in there that's my update
UIs and this TV show thing was really
fun yesterday and then a lot of shit
went down yesterday and then I went out
with Gigi and it was I got drunk and
that is not the COS not the answer I
know that cuz I get really sad when I
get drunk and I really
I really miss what my life was a week
ago
and someone once said to me like or once
tweeted to me once said to me as if some
prophecy but they said wouldn't you
rather know the truth and live with a
lie and to be honest no because my truth
is I'm sad and I'm lonely and the lie is
that I'm happy that I was happiest
supposedly I guess is that that's
obviously like a lie cuz whatever we
were made me happy like the happiest
I've ever been so to answer that I think
I would rather live with a lie than to
live with the truth my truth
so anyways I'm having an affair like
cold and I'm like shaking and I need to
like put on the heat or something so
I'll talk to you soon
into the white right for cane structure
today
so I can't talk like what the wrong one
keeps so far away
like having so much anxiety I just this
guy I know but knows me asked me if I
was okay so I'm trying to like OTE
alright guys this is the other black
outfit of the day lately I've been
really loving black outfits I'm going
out to the movies with a friend she
doesn't want to be on camera
just to not be in the middle of things I
totally understand that I don't even
want to be here more so much but I don't
know I just want to like to show you
guys that I'm like getting out of house
I have at these black leggings this
black Brittany tank this jacket from
Topshop and my hair still my Giuseppe
Zanotti bag and my boots are from Venus
these are really comfortable just going
through it right now guys but I want to
keep blogging because I really do love
it and I don't want to like let this go
but anyways I have another action-packed
day on you guys around this little
person another action-packed day
tomorrow
um I'm trying to pack in all my days to
hang with people so this is my outfit
and yeah hopefully these aren't like too
crazy these vlogs I'm not trying to be
so depressing I really I'm trying to be
uplifting it's what I'm trying to go out
and like do some shit so let's go do
some shit okay we are in the next a
storm
made it to the Grove it's so pretty this
time of year my friend is getting a
shoes and I was getting I'll watch
getting an episode as well
- pretty hidden out of the house look at
things so gorgeous
Christmas wonderland that man
we're going to go see office Christmas
party Valentine's with the company and I
love comedy self
love and life and one golus girl
