oh my gosh you guys this is the remnants
of last night by the way mind you it's
like five o'clock in the evening it's
like not that early but I'm like really
tired because I've been sleeping all day
and of course they happen so yeah look
for good onesie party over here we got
matching onesies for our anniversary
just so much you guys like this so crazy
hair always a good night when there's
hair on the table photo from Vegas just
literally so much others are bloom Becky
got me my special snowflake bloom I just
posed made it on but don't you put this
in the top
hi ru thank you so much very much
Jordan for you to see where are you
saying we're gonna pick you guys all
right thanks plus me I got some huh huh
my hair you guys got some wrapping paper
I got the Miss book right away I'm there
Liam
huh woke up from the nap today therefore
my oh my gosh somebody Turner home fell
but I got a participant like it was mine
first cuz it's driving me nuts
oh my ponies but I like to cut my hair
on top now all I do to do that by the
way is I just pulled through like
halfway if you guys don't know that it's
a great feeling it's not only a secret
I'm one who separate over always ask me
it's just seven with a lot of extensions
of my head like Cubans that it gets
really full and big like that so enemies
may be tired Christmas all
when we done today let's have this in
the background for some atmosphere begin
key ok you see the string great
wonderful all right
target target Broome asked her did you
move on before my fifth nap of the day
ready for the most random personal like
you'll ever see like Simon working like
a stone buddy I got so much wrapping
paper cuz he's like ordering online
would be like a bit every good literally
hunched over you guys could probably p
BP a little bit Tommy said a little bit
of I'm still hunched over whatever I
always post me whenever I pose need to
target or Ralph it happen brings a broad
waiver because I can never let the rooms
not what I'm not that right yeah right
number one rock my favorite over and it
has it a lot of random shit and like avi
needed Scotch a chop my present you guys
I always close my keys to use clean
pillow ups I talk with him everything
they're like oil blotting papers give
oily skin like the best thing ever I got
some jumbo tampons Gus you know Aunt Flo
be in town whenever says aunt blog so I
really wanted the flips talk couples the
ones in the blue bag doesn't move my
mouth just a fuckin atrocity that I if I
did like a beating show right up from a
nap down little guys imperative these
are like these are my pretzel crisps
super gay got the Saltine
I don't think come on yeah you weren't
no necklace Christmas Chad says you know
yes but once guess what who's Brad dude
can you lie for how many people and all
of us is diseased Olive Oyl oiss why
don't you tell me queen nurse and that's
it good to manage her alone you know
seem crazier numb right got everyone
else to walk hmm I sucked at what mr. so
I'm so bleep are another one where's
will be its own shit hmm like I'll get
something to drink then I've been just
editing today's oh one gives men
drinking this up it's gonna happen way
later guess I'm gonna do with me is that
giving you a che a slog him
are you blocked over Schmidt you chose
hmm I do not all the time most of having
them we want a police box you said it
preserve these for on-the-go
the sliding though is focusing that list
camera sucks when I'm home at Newark on
a toast to my sister right on kind of
soft awesome chocolate roses and apple
juice how are ya
my sick ass bridge and my Bieber shirt
no because I'm literally Saturday night
as this whole thing was out of focus and
I'm fucked but I don't know I feel like
chart hauls worthy Allah I'm long come
on it's not work but I wandering out in
phenomenon really report son I'm the
exact conclusion does well blog will be
ok anything pop one we're trying to
encourage uncle pretzels but I have to
pee so bad so wait make this decision
right now so if I make the decision
you'll see it up rap but you'll see
another day oh by the way guys
conclusion for my shopping my Christmas
vlog ends up being the silver just have
these an audience I can't see anybody
break hair it has and Hamilton outfit
for something I'm gonna do later ok I'm
currently on toilet I don't know how to
show you what coaching my black eye Pete
so bad I'm going to go wipe in Oregon
period so we can't bones are still
nothing's different
okay I'm gonna blue that much right now
but I'm have to do so wish me a lot guy
alright guys you know the drill
deal bleed into the underwear goes into
the sink so I put on fresh underwear
this epic fail of getting your period
calls definitely for some popcorn might
even go up some pop shop retail fuck it
trying to do good fuck that shit
you guys won't see my Mar tomorrow well
this is a real challenge kind of vlog
every single a because I haven't tried
every single day in December whether it
goes beyond blog nice or not because you
guys know I'm always behind oh I just
kidding this used to the started out as
my athletic closet just got real messy
I don't know organized but this is not
what I want right now I don't know it's
got fit and dirty clothes too so ya know
my friends actually supposed to come
over to help me set up a Christmas tree
cause Sean is working all day and all
night
he works so much so I wanna see him
tonight who sucks so it's it's been a
day yesterday but anyways I talk about
I'm a bong today because know more
information about last night
details healing nosey piece of shit just
cake mmm some really wants to go hold it
be someone who talks to me again should
just go chill in my underwear for the
night I mean why not like to benefit
right a little on the one benefit big
one - motherfuckin tampons beautiful
woman actually I should probably just do
that with I'm messy like all accidents
waiting to happen
oh my gosh like oh boo fuck they had a
sexy we like I'm Gretchen is he talking
Vinnie homina what's breathing and I'm
like soups hot I put my anniversary
flowers on display okay here's a few it
is if it's not Sean
I don't care skating
huh
but it's very confusing
she Larry said sorry texting so many
people okay it wasn't even towards me I
was like it was weird cuz it was kind of
concerning goes for my makeup girl ash
who I love but she okay she's like
texting some people and I should
probably go cuz whatever like all this
launch right now guys I'm gonna make
some popcorn later but my video just
finished uploading so I'm gonna add a
new one weapon process I stuffed my face
because I got my period and that's what
she do now I can eat that whole beggar
prep for Chris fuck throughout there I
don't hate me sound without should me a
snap lock of us you guys so interesting
trying to create this log but if every
day was like this just me like sitting
on my underwear eating chocolate crisps
please watch me probably not no one
watches me now so it's getting you're
not now one yourself by the way guys
this is my life my vlogging camera was
like sitting right here and I was just
like this is this is like what my couch
always looks like and I have picture
frames you guys over there
I'm supposed to go right there but since
I'm doing another eating show tomorrow
that's my eating show setup so this is
this is how I'm living at the moment so
you know life of a youtuber update so I
got those uh pretzel crisps still
editing you know just a lot of things
happening aren't you glad you're
subscribed watching from the got my face
looks really fat go work out tomorrow
like I was looking kind of good but full
frontal face OH
anyways I've been watching a lot of
youtubers I'm pointing about because I'm
not eating pizza now just on my fat face
I mean Korean I just have my period but
you know the loading is supposed to be
before the period anyways look big
youtubers talk about I was and talk
about PewDiePie made a video about this
- just like views being down and you
seeing smaller youtube we talked about
it and it's like I don't know I guess
it's good that peopIe made it because
he's so influential but when people I
complain about views to me as like a
viewer I'm just like is that all you
care about you know because I watch a
lot of YouTube I'm like a YouTube
fucking fan I'll watch I'll step for
days just watching videos videos videos
they're not even
turn off my TV I've only watched a
little bit of duck tales which one with
his DVDs over here I was so excited but
you know I just think like people who
don't do YouTube or whatever they're
just like like why are you complaining
about views I'm watching your video like
why you complaining and then like some
people's videos that's all it is anymore
is just like it doesn't work these are
down YouTube stops like crane window I
like when people have a country will
Mumbai the country you don't like
YouTube welcome YouTube like I don't
know I just I like you to I mean I my
views are always down on this channel
and like I don't really care like they
rarely reach out a thousand at that
anymore
so I'm really forty thousand am care
like I mean it's young beauty are great
avi avi obviously but I don't know man
it's like I don't know like like any job
or anything that you do hobby like
things come to an end and things don't
always go smoothly and things I know you
move on from things sometimes I don't
want to move on from YouTube so I'm
getting two views and missile fucking
beer I need those chocolate Brussels I
can't even get up up the couch now so
I'm just gonna sip this giant to have a
highway I had to pee so bad I've been
drinking so many of these uh I usually
do put these in the cup what happened
you could argue I love the boundaries I
want to be in their family I'm also
eating the chocolate pretzels go finally
gotten got him you're to look at them no
longer so you said you know them and I
really want to be in their family we
still haven't had time to go grocery
shopping
so we're come on we're having sushi
Ballinger family there's no sweet
wholesome confident beautiful I want to
be in that family so I just finished
editing this Papa John's Chili's mukbang
and the fresh pizza looks so good you
guys and it's bad I know I have Papa
John's in my fridge but I had to order a
fresh one like I don't know Xi'an and I
watching the Goldbergs and I'm
voice-messaging was shown because he's
still at work we can FaceTime but this
is bad I have a food addiction like I
drug kidding but like I'm gonna get out
of control but like what's that i jus
stop doing these eating shows like i
literally just like involve Papa John's
cuz my own fuckin TV show like I'm sorry
if y'all get Papa John's hopped on she'd
be sponsoring me your ish so good
