speaking holiday shopping and have to
punch a wall comment like Tuesday like
11 a.m. like no one's here so I'm
actually doing a little shopping for
business a little shopping for myself
and then also a little shopping for me
and Shawn's one-year anniversary this
weekend and next I think we're going to
celebrate twice looks like everything is
closer heads I haven't been to a mall in
so long I shop online but there is an
exuberant magical about a mall
like all this stuff is are calling my
name okay this is not as far as going to
go into but I'm going to go into it this
small is literally so beautiful I just
want that storage is that be at the not
II got a little gifty guess see and then
I wanted to buy a cell they were so nice
to be in there but you guys completely
empty I love it
you think the holiday season we only
have to work to our secret but then I
got to go to another mall because one to
send you store the other mall has a car
wash but also I have to get my computer
looked at so oh my god should I
shouldn't I know I'll be good I'll be
good
using how gorgeous the Grove is
decorated it's so beautiful this
definitely has the ambiance this is the
outside mall the growth it is my second
wall today just going crazy holiday
shopping as always Valley I'm so sweet
he's like tiny all the goodies shop like
I'm expression shopper but so
I feel very proud to say even a pair
just left my house their favorite
cupcake place whenever I post me I
always was making wrinkles so yummy
but once again this is not too crowded
Wednesday midday time to go shopping
on the streets
Wow
is super gorgeous you guys it's got you
right it is all up for Christmas
yeah I want to see Santa so embarrassing
when you get to be older and you want to
see Santa not ironically like yeah she
want to see him carry out wristlet
just make a piece just look you hot so
you write up the matching clothes and
scarf which I really like think I'll get
them hang out my books it all kind of
goes Michael Kors has a compulsive oh
and I asked about this watched it so
cute right guys I went a little crazy
again I love Michael Kors maybe watch so
cute
hey everyone trying to find the
mercedes-benz place the Beverly Hills
haven't been why am i shouting I feel
like I'm shouting oh right um except
didn't really look in the mirror was 6th
Street dumb bitch I'm going to turn it
left right on to where the fuck I want
it look what's the second of its big hat
I have an oversized hat and an oversized
hat and oversized sunglasses and both of
them will be fitting together just look
like a crazy person okay one of the
other and I'm going to choose this hat
because
that's just what I'm going to do so I'm
going to get an oil change I'm going to
go have lunch with someone you guys know
and old a dear friend of mine special
times are great in a quarter mile take a
slight right turn onto South San Vicente
Boulevard
alright it's so weird I can't hear it's
like the first time out of the house
today and I like it's not as the hack
the Hat is as I can't hear it so weird
um yeah I'm going to have lunch with
kale today I'm really excited a lot has
been happening in Gail's life and he's
kind of off social media now and so I'm
excited to catch up with him because I
keep up with a lot of my friends via
social media I think that's load a lot
of people do justice you know you can
catch up what they're doing without
having to bother them but he's off of it
so I'm really excited to catch up with
him cuz it has been
I'd say guys like might turn ourselves
NPC table
I'm also in this like weird funk in
Oakland I'll keep right on selves NPC
table kind of and is a wink weird funk
sorry that's like wah there he is like
bothers me but I had to like network
Lyon or anywhere I'm going I mean that's
close but
um but yeah but it's a queer song what
do I need to get out of I mean I don't
know I don't know sometimes you go
through this and it's around holidays
always it's weird I don't know like is
it a holiday funk I don't know um be
sure to keep though the guns in Rome
gosh this is so bad I didn't realize how
bad that was
I picked that with my nails and my nails
are extra long and sharp so full this
hat so funny-looking um but yeah I don't
know I'm like I'm happy I'm happy in
life I just ah I get like this and I
remember last year I was watching old
vlogs from this time last year because I
was trying to find the first vlog me and
Sean were in together
um which opposes December 10th photos
film December 3rd which is our one year
anniversary of meeting we celebrate
anniversaries all the time like we have
our fake wedding anniversary and then we
have like our first date one-year
anniversary which is middle of December
and then we have which is I think
separate teeth and then December 3rd is
today we actually met which is what I
count because it's like the day my life
changed gracefully because you know and
I am so it's coming up and I was
watching old blogs from last year and
the very first vlog we were in and I
just I was in my house and I at the
beginning talked about getting an uber I
said I have a car it wasn't ready and it
just brought back so many memories
because at that time I was in a really
bad funk too and I wasn't as happy in
life and content with life as I am now
but I still remember feeling this funk
and I feel like that again and I'm like
trying to break out of it so I really
needed to get out and like see someone
today and have lunch because
as perking um you know I was really
super busy with he's preparing us huge
Vegas show he's doing choreography for
and just all this stuff and I love that
he's busy and I'm so happy he has it's
just you know right on South San Vicente
Boulevard during the day I'm left with
myself which is it's good I need to be
left with myself and figure out what I
need to do to fulfill me in my life so
that's kind of I may be where the funk
is coming from I don't know I don't
really know I don't know if that is it
in a mile but I have been taking yes two
more things and trying to take more
opportunities I booked something really
cool and exciting with this um TV
production company I've worked with
years ago and it was really cool why
didn't actually book at they actually
reached out to me
I'm so excited to hear from them so
really likes doing shows with them - I
did - tell the truth with and um I'm
really excited they've used me for a lot
of stuff in the past and I always did it
for the money but you know now it's like
I'm doing it for the experience and just
take my opportunity not to say no to
things because I think it's a note too
many things and I love me with this like
emptiness is sort of pit if you will but
um but I'm happy so that's the thing I
don't wanna like to press anyone I
wanted to be like oh my god this is like
the most depressing but look at me I'm
happy and I am aside for this weekend um
but
I don't know I don't know so weird funk
gonna maybe it's just today something
this morning I sent me out and that set
me off just I don't know you guys you
know one little thing can bug me and
then it kind of puts me in a mood for a
day for a week and it sucks so I'm
getting my hair done tomorrow though
which is good I need that
find this place keep left on Beverly
Boulevard
Adventure Bay's with all the streets of
my life
someone said they like when I keep I'm
gonna keep the directions in someone
said they liked when I kept the
directions in because I'm right of them
of like Grand Theft Auto or something
like that or like cruising USA I don't
know something they're like you're an
ziyan of that and I was like I keep it
in for you guys but yeah this is a
really cute shirt actually it's really
comfy it's Guns N'Roses really into like
big oversized shirts because they're
comfy and I have gained weight which
also has put me in a funk and I was
gonna exercise today I still might when
I get home I'm gonna actually I don't
get a spray tan to like feel better cuz
I need to start like working out because
you know sounds busy and can't dance
with me which is like again good but I
can't rely on just dancing like that for
weight loss you need to keep in the gym
which I don't want to do but you know
cardio is the key so I'm going to do it
plus I'm going to start watching YouTube
videos on my phone while I workout like
that's the vision in my head I haven't
started working out again but that's the
goal yeah
but anyway so I got Spurgeon coming out
I love my Michael Kors watch I'm
obsessed with Michael Kors watch us
again their days they're nice they're
not too expensive you know I got caught
up in like oh let me buy a Rolex and all
this stuff and I just never really wore
it and then I was always scared someone
would steal it and then I had insurance
on it and it was just like more of a
thing like I don't want to wear it
someone might steal it so I just like
them Accords mean people still still mad
for swatch but it won't be as
detrimental to my finances as something
like a Rolex or something
but anyways boys gone on that tangent
but I hope you guys are having an
awesome day life week those influence
we're right by the Cedar sinai hospitals
always feeling here your moons around
here this is taking me such a weird way
in 3/4 of a mile the destination is on
your left
mercedes-benz of Beverly Hills
oil changes are the most annoying thing
but I'm so lucky
kale is pretty close to the
mercedes-benz place because he's gonna
actually come pick me up and we're gonna
have lunch and that's gonna be great and
he can top me off and I'll be done I
don't do it cuz normally I would just
sit there and wait because what else you
gonna do make this like BAM - I would
say
oh good I haven't seen this before a lot
of the carpets are on bullshit oh yeah
kill you there's that Coffee Bean and
Tea Leaf ways to go - oh I'm so excited
to see kale you guys this time last year
kill was like a huge part of my life
last year was definitely yeah Kim was a
huge part of it and instrumental in it
and I don't know it's crazy how many
year things can change
it's an it's scary cuz I don't want that
to happen next year my god you guys I'm
gonna get emotional good you know sean
has a really amazing like opportunity
next year he's gonna be gone a lot like
most of the time and I just I just don't
want to like have things be different
but things have to change right things
have to change
oh but it's scary like one okay I'm not
gonna get emotional kid was you have a
dress just look for this frickin
mercedes-benz place
that's just like really prepare my
stomach thinking oh my gosh my destiny
is on your left
mercedes-benz Beverly days how people
change and just grow apart from each
other
oh my gosh
it's so scary
okay well let's not think like that shit
kagaz has happened a lot this has been a
pattern in my life - I feel like oh my
god oh my god
shit it's like ghost where I wanna be
I don't even see it anyways appreciate
the time you have with the people you're
with in your life now oh my god this did
to enter pricing you weren't having this
appear to fun I even talked to Sean
today on the phone and it was bad no
that was a weird thing I just gotta get
out of my head he said are you okay I'm
like yeah I know I am I look I go we're
thinking too much I need to keep myself
busy and occupied
so everything all the time
get out of it holiday season
everything's good you're okay
Ashley how happen
arrived at mercedes-benz of Beverly
Hills
kasia's like nice Perseids pick a new
car now
I want to go
I am loading and receiving note that's
on me
any thought that my carver noting and
receiving that's me oh my god I
literally was gonna park just confusing
go in there but this car is exactly six
eight I want to figure out I had this
right it was not in the right place I
went to a garage and I meant to come to
the service center I can't I was really
nice I found my place I feel a little
more calm except it's at a totally
different location than the address so
hopefully I can find me I don't believe
it this done this is so annoying show
concealer on this
all right so can't want to go jump off
his laundry he's kind of picked me up
I'm getting a full service on my car now
so I won't be ready till tomorrow
so he's kind of picked me up and now
we're gonna eat closer to my house and
he had to drop some laundry off this way
anyway so kind of worked out perfectly
but yeah we're just catching up this car
is so nice lems car um yeah just cutting
up on things which is really really good
and timing a little bit of a better mood
the guy at Mercedes was super nice to me
all my stuff would have been like $1,000
is gonna do entire pressure checks and
all these things but it was prepaid for
up to fifty five thousand miles so I
don't favor or the tire is the anything
so this is great news
yes I'm just waiting for him now I
thought it'd give us a little update
it's nice to like I said get out
socialize I really needed to do that and
make more time for people in my life
because I have a lot of great people and
I just need to make time and effort to
get out of the house and do so loving
this Guns and Roses shirt all right
so pretty wise and then the Hanukkah
tree super cool
let's go get my hair needs to get down
now I've done my car this morning went
to the post office did it so much for
three and I brought this purse as it
gave to to my hairstyles cuz she loved
it so much and I don't use it anymore so
that's a gift to her for Christmas and I
have marriage today
alright look at this hair done I'm very
tan - that's pretend last night
I got my good champagne I always get
Gucci bag he's my shirt in my ring and
my lovely lovely room
at the himbo salon Zoey loves her bag I
gave her her bag she talked with them
guys this was for my fat that fun a box
and I actually really love that I carry
it with me now what I use on my hands -
my hands have been like so dry helping
out so much and then also I just got
this little guy this black opium and
I've been upset with this by YSL it's in
the wrong it's so yummy oh my gosh damn
you really tan and really ones I look a
little bit like Hulk Hogan which is not
helping big mood looks like Dan in this
camera right now my hair looks good I
love my hair guys the most embarrassing
means it's not why I made about I'm not
a bad when I'm in a funk still
oh this
this wind is crazy I can feel it on my
car my car's like a team
should this wind happy on my car back
though guys totally free by the way
totally free Michael sorry have any let
him through
yes you're welcome hopefully you can get
through soon Lee doesn't get hit that
would be awful Russian I was so tailing
so crazy huh tarp and it's guys like
right really like right there though
yeah okay yeah
he's like just blocking me and no one
else is letting him through anyways um I
got me my oil changed all my channels
for freaks apparently I have like a
cover from here I got miles present no
because I was going into this like other
mom helped like oil change place house
pains like 300 all ours for elephants oh
it was great free and I've been evident
funk but um the most embarrassing the
effeminately Avesta was Muslim
oh my god I just oh it's my biggest fear
come to life and it's not a clan cracker
because you know I've gotten my credit
card declined if you spent too much
money it happens like so like that's
also a thing like you'd spend too much
money and your credit market to get
declined
that's ordered food for an eating show
because I want to go home and so many
show since I just got a blot on my hair
um really Tim um but anyways so uh when
does think so distracting like I can
feel it shake my car and I have like a
big-ass car oh my god this wind is crazy
no I want to go pay I check out my
wallet and I use one credit card I have
like three but like my one credit card
has like this big limit all the other
credit cards like shit because I had bad
credit I'm like just rebuilding it so
like all the other credit limits are
like $1,000 so but I backed out my car
oh it's not like I'm purposely maksim up
like I spent you know like anything like
food and groceries obviously goes on one
credit card and gas goes on another and
like that gets maxed out pretty quick so
it was already maxed out whatever and
but the main car that has like the big
one that I use for everything you guys
you know you probably know you're like
I'm being card you used I didn't have
it's like a bait car basically oh my god
I was so very saying because like I
obviously well I guess because I
shouldn't be as embarrassing sight to
know them so well like my hairdresser
and my stylist like they're my colors to
my stylist there's two different people
they they know me and whatever and like
there's like just called like not a big
deal because I was like I couldn't find
it and then the girls like you have a
picture of the car because they could
just run the number and normally I
thought I did take a picture cuz
sometimes when you book hotels and like
Vegas especially bougie ones they want
your they want a picture of your credit
card you know I for whatever reason
fraudulent or whatever and so I said I
have a picture it took me forever I kind
of find it reception stuffed in there
and actually have no I had six dollars
cash and actually my collar has actually
comped it for me for Christmas even
though
Christmas is a little bit was when I
want to go back I told her in a couple
weeks before Christmas Mon s where to do
that she had to pay for the blowout
which actually wasn't that bad
oh that was announced was do left turn
here okay anyways hopefully you can
always do for some reason ever the
science I know oh my god and then I was
just like so mortified I didn't have cat
I felt I'm like oh my gosh and and then
obviously I've been I was hanging around
for so long
that was probably like 10 or 15 minutes
chick kind of era card or like looking
through photos trying to find this
picture of the credit card gonna find
him and Zoe asked me what's wrong I
sound like I don't want my car to show
we'll just call in and then the
reception's ban was like yeah you can
just call in I said why would you told
me this as it makes sweating bullets
like red in the face it's like just so
red because that's the most embarrassing
thing to me is when I don't have money
or don't have something to pay with like
and that rarely happens to say always
check for my ID and my credit card when
I leave the house and I was just so red
in the face like oh man actually
yesterday and even vlog any of this but
actually left my keys in the car for
this I left my car overnight and my
house keys were trashing the car so I
literally couldn't even get into my
house and so Kaldor me back and forth
but I've been really forgetful lately
not good like amnesia or some shit
I don't know I've been in a weird funk
and tomorrow's our one year in a bitch
way towards our one-year anniversary and
Sean's been really busy working and I
understand that like I'm really happy to
except for him but I don't know I just
feel like I
and Jesus he has something planned so
I'm excited but I don't know just I like
to play off stuff for him too it's just
really hard because now he's working at
hmm sometimes you know you feel like we
gonna I think the thing with Kelly
yesterday about growing distant like I
don't know you know you know now he's
working and he's gonna be gone for so
long experience like it scares me
someone oh my god like someone bring
Justin and like just growing apart is so
scary and I just hope that's not
happening I'm I might not even not even
like thinking about that but just in
general people growing boys just it's so
sad and like I don't know I just like I
said our one-year was coming up and I
just didn't you know I I wanted fifthly
special I didn't if he was working I
don't want to be I'm not that person
who's like don't work so we can hang out
on the year when we like met that's like
something a crazy person you know things
were just so different in the beginning
and it things changed not fluxes people
change you can SPECT up what change if
someone who does not deal well will
change I fucked up the first leg of our
relationship so it's like I just uh wait
a second why we say this is our third
leg because we've got to at the blowout
fight and I just I keep looking things
up and you shouldn't fuck things up I
feel like we get a little more
yeah there's no way with your new bag
sighted seriously well everything in
this long so pretty mine I'm bad guys
look at all these beautiful shoes just
sparkly and pretty hey guys you really
want these shoes I don't know if I
should get silver or gold they are
gorgeous
you guys this is like one of the most
magical things I've ever seen in my life
with me yeah that's like most magical
thing that's gorgeous
hell we got an eye open for everybody
your Annie photographer at the Grove
Oh
