you guys I'm never in the vlogs because
I work so much you know I need to work
again believe and now I have the lead
he's always leaving I know because I
seen because I have work I need to pay
the bills around here
Trish is an expensive girlfriend oh my
god lately expensive happen and I've
been feeling really bad because we have
50 things I'm likely not fit I'm trying
to plan something but this guy works all
the time with them I knew you were going
out to work like okay I have a good day
yeah I please my baby but also make my
one church never makes me shit I know I
can actually feel right back he's really
hungry and like I can like make
something but when she makes me
microwavable popcorn this is why I will
never get married guys I don't know how
to cook he's actually gonna cook but we
don't have time we have known how we
were gonna cook cuz I said you want to
get you a box and I'll cook eggs Meghan
if you see this I have three rehearsals
today so I have to all my work are so
close one was some sweaty piece of shit
he's sweaty we just like film some
videos - he's like a sweaty little must
but anyways Sean look how good you look
look at that guy's head you can't see it
but upside of your head anyways I had a
blog cuz you never seem in the vlogs
anymore me for like oh what's happening
what's happening cuz I work people
people this is her this is her job my
job I have a different type of job but I
want this to be your agnostic once me
this could be my job so I never leave
her side I know it's true I said I was
on the other side and stop touching her
behind yeah my Lance media home you buy
he was just like by her I gotta go
I mean you really should be shirtless
with I sent him a picture of his couple
that dudes blogs on I can t be shirtless
more it was up to her I were no good I
know it's true alright guys if you don't
watch my pig Donald's move on you don't
really know why I have this you know I'm
not sure but I just have to share in the
mail my kind of movie poster and it
stains I'm gonna try these try to go
and I heard they don't really work but
I've had them in my bathroom forever so
do shake on your chin you guys I spilled
a mic Florian I ran up the stairs like
so many boxes and bags and I am how do
you do this wave on excess residue from
stain pressed upon a stain surely start
amount okay so you depressed on the
stain no I don't we impressed on guys
like them well I'm going to press down
on this - this is so annoying
look it's literally stabbing my boobs
are guys okay oh my gosh it is I'm going
throw in the wash and legit have no fear
have nope here I have another I have I
have a can of shark just one second or
get I have another kind of shirt please
this one get stained I'm going to go
throw this one in the wash I also got
about my hair like no I can't even find
it um where is it oh yeah you know okay
should I put shampoo wanna at my vision
for shampoo I'm so excited to have all
this tan you merge it took it did take a
little while and not so safe like four
hours I think this order on I've got it
but it did take leaking there as well
work
like a little bit on here like direction
here
but I'm so excited I'm having a wife it
was going to order a new janitor
so annoying
feeling right thank you brunch my whole
head is fully strapped here
please pink
the shampoo back out again
no I gather she's also P attacked me out
love having this you know me
ratch okay so if anyone can come in and
comment with bleach and co means so I
can like hand I'm like a true Gianna fan
Jana Stan oh my god
can't even talk I have ult and revenue
can OPM so anyways guys does anyone want
me stain can assure you know I'm like
greasy - if anybody wants that so crazy
and you owe a myself because I can't
even like function it to edit but I
can't function without it I'll be now
because I'm going to order a new one
like legit gonna go online and order a
new one because it was so pretty and
clean and fresh horse it f it up start
my life always fucking shit up literally
me sorry Anna
I stained your face actually she's bi
stoked because it might another one you
guys did for the record he knows
released me and she's like do my top and
trap
so Rory I think oh my god you're like a
you're gonna creepy and stalkerish one
like yeah but to like I don't think she
goes up I'm just like trying to relive
my youth you know just trying to be a
relevant always okay otherwise what you
know okay like the jealous just go order
not Jana shark is like gonna cry I'm a
hair what else you guys i straight-up
just dug lots of bra but I just doesn't
sorry it's a dirty bra - I just dug my
Tannis shirt out of the trash I was
gonna just order a new one
oh she doesn't have a new one there's no
more they don't have that style so I
kind of kind of wash it
oh my goodness you guys I can't believe
you know how I'm gonna get to change it
for this usually use my type pad but I'm
gonna put my look when you put first
yeah yeah um yeah that's fine
yeah um and whatever you normally do I
guess I am so busy today everyone keeps
calling me how are you my outfit is very
sure chef mom I see Kai Shang my blog I
was vlogging right when you called yeah
where are you I don't even see you
what really oh there you are you're like
kind of it's kind of breaking up
oh shit that on a Wi-Fi oh you don't
know because people will come in hello
no acting like kindness yeah it looks
cute I can I mean I can see the detail
what do you have boots are the knee
socks dirty socks there's a cute boob
where do the books yes where are you
going they have a skirt that I ordered
finally oh you have to go to names I
have oh you have to go shopping your
life is so my room oh that's key you
guys went to my sister's room Oh quick
wait no okay yeah this is preview I'm
not done with it all well I'd like ads
if you're gonna be doing a room to
already time soon yeah how are you
you're gonna come back to you to
replicate on those curtains by myself oh
that's pretty impressive actually
where'd you get the curtain at Target
cute his mom down there yes you moved in
or no yeah they're fishing oh that's not
why you're that fast how do I do it so
you guys for real though like this is
all the tan emerged she doesn't have
that shirt I was wearing I'm like so
annoyed like they have this one which is
like super cute but you can only wear
that for like like a week or two like
that the Christmas is over I mean this
is cool too but I just loved the tan
mojo like face and thing Tana if you're
watching this or fun tells her please
bring that shirt back I really wanted to
order like 500 she's so pretty
I mean these are not just the sale ones
because then I go up here what watch
right
so creators Tanna so I'm like trying to
find all her products not just I'm
really like wine do I not see it I'm so
sad and is right oh it's just I don't
know I really was trying to order it
like this is like making me about I like
that though we can order that that's
cute
hey there's my Christmas tree I don't
really blog putting it up but it was on
snapchat you guys look how cute tonight
we are watching hairspray live so I got
these little like party like favors we
want the wrong party favors are like
little apple shots or candy apple shots
oh my god they're still warm huh oh she
was so like just made these YUM anyways
if you guys don't remember kind of
cleaned up a little bit not really but
if he doesn't remember for my birthday
party I had vodka infused strawberries
by sweet serenity desserts on Instagram
and she made my birthday cake and
everything and I decided be fun like
last minute to get some of these
fireball candy apple shots she was so
sweet to do it last minute like she's so
busy like if y'all aren't sure I'm so
busy doing a bunch of stuff but I'm so
excited we're about to watch hair spray
long what if this was my party I got it
for my party tonight it's like me just
sitting pizza watching hairspray life
totally would do it for myself but
anyways I was just like I was just
watching
Shane's video about the suicide bridge
in Pasadena like freaks me out so much
they're like actually they're like where
people jump like fuck no no fuck no I
think go through like push me over I did
that or some shit but anyways my name
has been editing bleach in tone bitch I
don't want this mean still got a new
speaker I've so many Spears I'm like
obsessed with speakers I don't know why
because this is like trash anyways um
like obviously this is my like original
like a little beat thing and then this
thing that cool and I got a little blow
speaker because I thought it was a
pretty color but anyways I thought those
were so cute I had to show you guys
snapchat has a hairspray filter and I'm
like loving it at the moment so anyways
yeah that's my tree I'm going to love
this was it really tired
I didn't put that up I haven't put it up
for me he was so sweet to do it little
ambience a little mood tonight yeah it's
what we have like I say it's gonna clean
don't look over there what happens in
Vegas
and then I want you to buy love to
nestle in this little corner right here
I always get this spot though to me it's
my guess but yeah I was watching um
I'll show you guys I was watching the
suicide cygwin can you shine the light
on the ground so they can see her it's
like free yeah so that's where the
bodies Jane's been doing that's where he
goes place the actual haunted spots and
all I'm like fuck that shit but it
scares me but I like to watch from cover
to my own home anyways Gibran's
Disneyland so we're partying tonight but
then I have to go early for Disneyland
my life is so complicated it's summer so
I show them these already alright so we
have the candy apple fireball we're both
like starving well hey this is a spin
class and we're the two patties at
Yokota so glad I'm a fat boy from Ranma
and I'm like the saffron is my gray
we're gonna try these right now he's
like but then we talked about waiting
but this was a good idea that eat them
now how you doing my man snapchat you
doing this cuz that's kind of funny
collision is it coming out I I didn't
know the top was already out oh oh
you can bite into it no or is it too
hard my teeth I got the UH paper these
did you get your No
or is it too hard wait maybe you should
do it here I'll try it
let me time I'll try don't whine are you
scared of your teeth yeah it's good to
mess them up okay let me try it maybe
it's too hard is it too hard oh you
won't cut it
yeah we can cut it but then you won't
get the shot okay let me try it okay oh
if I can't do it then movie part oh shit
I check that out
okay huh promise not any paper plate
left from your party yeah all I use this
is my China young HL I'm gonna use real
place and not that oh it's leaking huh
oh it is leaking out of the Apple oh you
have to drink it out of there now
they're all come out okay
oh you guys yeah yeah you're gonna see
these I have a full pyjamas on I Love
Lucy really mm-hmm
oh no I'm messing my knob falling okay
wait
oh man yeah I'm messed up I can't try
and get my own ink my okay let me try
one all right I'm gonna time to do this
did you try this right here all right
better scrap it yeah I guess I'm in
China
Oh Oh energy you're here oh my god hmm I
gonna cut it you all night you one night
mm-hmm
are you going I need one yeah yeah I'll
get it I got it is it in your here yeah
guys the wine this is the sharpest one
Alan
okay I think I'll work out yeah it's a
butter knife it's still in there the
shock maybe this is more of a novelty
thing to look pretty okay that's not
that that's just um yeah I wish I took a
picture was like salsa you're cutting it
now did you get it in the fireball okay
there you go look like the Mexican wave
I am actually more like a white person
way to do things like something like cut
it out when like there's like a hardcore
shot yeah I know probably from oil a
painting
yeah the teeth and stuff like oh no my
teeth are porcelain I can't find another
porcelain mm-hmm oh yeah I want to get
mine done and it's free oh man this is
like red-hot surround the effect oh good
um oh my god did you ever have you ever
taken a shot what you take you take shot
to these right time you can just think
outages your shop look this all right
mmm okay I am once again age again these
are really good friend desserts you know
grows in my cake image not the
strawberries for my working yeah she did
it cheers oh nice - she didn't like so
last minute I'm so sticky I'll wash my
hands I guess I'll have will his juices
reaction when he comes back with and
this is spicy ah you know the beach
right fire no overdramatic with its food
you guys should have told you oh yeah
confusion Oh beautiful I said to them we
should do an eating show
I mean is like no I like to enjoy my
yeah I do too but I like Italian eating
show it doesn't bring out the man in me
but I've never seen you do a shot guys I
turn to match again and we're gonna go
get krump one night we did say that
we're like we're gonna go get drunk
together yeah one thing is we're gonna
do a lot of shot I think everyone I like
fat maria's and I did want a night dance
with it as opposed to a skinny Maria
what what what did Jimmy yeah that's so
funny I must get post meeting me um they
need more footage
Oh take it I guess someone got our order
yes available all right got one shot and
are you do we do the dance move your to
Jason shimmy shake it off yeah you look
so good um weapons on whatever like
whatever snapchat ball or so oh the pigs
the pigs are good let's get the pig one
in there mm-hm
should we oh you're a rabbit camp I'm a
rabbit yeah let's see if I hear any good
yeah okay
little bunny foo foo hopping through the
forest scooping up something - Papa - MA
it's a big rock candy mountain yes I'm
out your permit is actually really good
no it is yummy um gosh these are amazing
if you guys wanna know I'll put on
Instagram but her name sweets are a
dessert promo don't worry with nothing
be for free pay for this shit but it's
so awesome
alright you guys so Pizza Hut was first
we have appetizers these are our
appetizers what we were feeling the
spirit so sorry very conferences yeah
we're watching so we have pepperonis but
one slice has already gone on now we got
cheese one size already got on that oh
so much food I got a snapchat this dude
so much give me a D D Domino's D for
Domino Oh Vanna White
okay what's in this one What's in box
number two ways to do cheese's or is
that done was that pepperoni oh they
were supposed to give us a pepperoni
Anna cheese
ba - cheese I guess so lazy's like
cheese right yeah I love cheese okay
yeah
oh my god way to a man's heart is
through his stomach look how happy he
just got it I feel like a butchered
person if you know what I mean oh no you
can raise E&O culture
oh my god are they good I want one this
is what I have for my birthday oh my god
and we have more food coming you guys
just you wait
so we have the main course and we have
another dinner guests joining us shall
we
this shimmy is taking the reward this
means taking over the world dominoes hmm
da da hai uh-huh wings chicken nugget
Shake Shack Shake Shack burger nice cake
oh yeah they brought this over they got
all hey cake
this is like the moment I heard you me
like a whole cake by yourself like yes
my angel favorite the apple with fucker
people we have four oh my god don't we
provide all these fries there's some way
in there cheese fries birds and this is
my skate that has a thousand calories in
it it's the peanut butter is so good
though we're not working out and now
we're like any other show just came from
spin class I know anything this this is
a diet that's how you take a skinny oh
you see I die all right
the dessert the boys brought over from
susiecakes
is their fav favorite is it everything
yeah even after all this food so this is
like a live et this is like another
eating show this is another group eating
show oh my god there's so much food
eating so much you ain't get best moves
longer ever angel cuz you make so much
noise when you eat bother ya you desk
area channels is eating eating eating
and doing here would be like a six-hour
video
no it is no it's raw you sure that you
don't worry about anything do you like
to film you just like that it there's
your solution you know oh I love it
okay let's try it they don't get me I
want one more best and then the
fireballs are all you this is amazing
I'm on another bus we ever
