alright guys we are back working out
bunny hot on last night don't you a song
and I got a spray tan I came home I
worked out for like literally only could
you like an outro so feet um I forgot
again this morning I am you know I go on
I do about like a one day a week on the
elliptical which is not enough so trying
to get back into doing like three to
four days minimum cuz I've been drinking
and eating a lot and obviously I'm in
love so it haven't been like focused on
my body but I want to be more focused on
my body just to make myself feel like
more confident but also quite a capo
tomorrow and so I always like workout a
lot before so I'm gonna try and do two
hours I have these new things which
aren't new but but let me show you guys
let's go to my let's go to my kitchen
these are not new and you guys are gonna
be like what you have a hat that was
like where are you like what year is
this um all valid questions and concerns
okay alright guys these are so cool
these aren't ear pods y'all so I
accidentally poured of these so when we
were in a Maui and the headphones out
and David thought they're Jason's and
took them boy borrowed him and then
obviously didn't get back I was like not
a big deal I was getting new new
earphones and it was the kind you like
plug into your computer which I actually
really loved and when I post mated them
I said ear pods because I hear that term
all the time and I said ear pods
thinking that's what they were called at
the ER for the iPhone from the Apple
store and they came back whether these
and I was like no I don't want these you
just have to charge them which is really
easy like it's just like an iPhone
charger basically that it's you know
connected to and then they're inside and
they charge which is super cool and
these are so great so I first I saw I'm
like I don't want these I know I don't
like change you guys these are so cool
you just like pop them in your ears they
are bluetooth plenty of your devices and
yeah they're just so easy so I think I
have
I think I'm in the wrong cares so when I
work out there's no cords my iPad I have
my iPad let me get my okay you know I
have the iPad like on the elliptical and
I can just run and do everything and
there's no cords it's great I know I'm
like way like late to this term but and
they they never signed out they never
pop out I love well you want to hear
something kind of crazy that's about to
go down I needed someone to blow up my
hair so I have a lot of hair and this
hair is is fake my real hair is very
short if I let it dry and absolute you
guys saw it on Hawaii if I let it dry
naturally or try and blow dried myself
like it's just a hot hot mess and like
I'm getting my hair style tomorrow
because we are going to Cabo tomorrow so
I mean normally I could just kind of
wing it just like either a lot of air
dry and he would do in the morning or
just you know dry it myself or whatever
before I went to bed but I just found
out we are going to Davis house I don't
know he's having a party or get-together
or if we're just told me I don't really
know what we're doing they're just
hanging out so I had to watch him here
anyways I need to get it dried anyways
so I was like okay I'm going to try and
find someone last-minute so I put out a
DM a lot of people I get you know work
out salons or they're already booked or
they have a life obviously so I was like
hey is there anyone in LA that can do
like a blowout right now there's a glam
squad app but I'm really nervous to use
them so I did something else and I told
a fan they could come over and blow up
my hair
no there was a little bit of bachelor
with me and him his name's Steven mango
he has actually a big drama channel here
it's grown a lot called mango tea he's
he was giving like a lot of hate and
comparisons to like other John machan
'el that were kind of like shady his
channels all over the place like he's
he's a crazy mess but so am I so maybe
that's why I can really but he always
came to my you now live streams and he
used to always like tip and stuff like
that in there and he was always a great
and I've I've watched his videos i watch
his videos all the time he hasn't posted
one and like a week but i do if i if i
watch the drama channel it's his cuz the
way he does it I don't know I just I
don't know and like just it's like
mindless entertainment I know he won't
mind me saying that cuz that's what - -
but
yeah his name's Steven mango and he's
coming over and he was like an exciting
tall just like he's like kind of seems
like a crazy person and not only that he
watches my videos so this person I don't
know I'm just inviting this person to my
house like I said I'd there's backstory
to it so I'm not totally like creeped
out but it gets kind of weird but maybe
it's not a bullet then he he had a video
well he took it down but he's still
working basically I'm sure he's working
try barb and he sent me pictures and he
were just one in Beverly Hills and said
like that and um so he does hair
basically and he's and I said are you
sure you want to do this you like
youtuber now like you know you don't I
feel bad like you're coming to blow up
my hair whatever and um he's like no no
yeah for sure he's like I'm doing like
uh I can do like house calls in stuff
like that okay cool so I don't know I I
like I like the idea of like having
someone that like knows me and I kind of
know him and I watch this video so it's
kind of cool I'm gonna weird but it's
you know crazier things have happened so
hopefully it all goes well and hopefully
I posted this and hopefully I'm not
kidnapped in his basement somewhere or
he could be came up to my basement
somewhere but if it all goes well
obviously I'm hoping to vault with him
but you guys should check him out I will
link him below and if I don't leak him
blows and some grazie went down I'm just
kidding or I forgot so we're my me but
it was him anyways I'm I like I said I
like his videos I like him he's always
been really supportive of me through
like everything and he looks like 20
minutes for me so if this works out I
might have a new friend
and haired stylist so I could not be
happier for you girl you came through
with the dry hair the dry hair red mango
tea in the house with trail made in
China bitch that's my alter ego he's
been doing my hair now for callosity
been just chatting and like drying
though I'm like I wonder if Trish is
gonna think I'm crazy because I would
tweet her
like that I like all her pose so my
cursor mean it must look like I'm just
like some like serial killer burrito
first I'm actually not like he came like
was that natural cat which is like crazy
honestly even if you did use my stuff
where are you even if you did use my
stuff I wouldn't have liked care at all
or just been like whatever but like you
know you got a mango hair now you need
like what's a good look hair mango mango
shampoo mango no wine you can sponsor it
totally oh my god yeah no bougie we've
been talking about Vegas he's got back
from Vegas
you know how yes okay first off I'm not
dead I even tell them I'm like I didn't
know if you're gonna kill me or what you
know what I mean the little lighting
that was this is gonna be the last vlog
Trish actually by the way subscribers
like me what happened we need to go
figure it out I'm a goatee
I mean who knows and even he was just
like yeah so he's like so you were
willing to risk like dying for a bla
like yeah kind of
that wasn't a person drama channel about
to get her hair you know like and see my
work or anything you did any pictures
but then I also thought like that you
could just Google yeah okay but sure
we've had a we've had our history so I
was just like you know what this is what
I love though this is like everything so
we were talking about like drama chat
we've been talking about drama channel
so much it's actually so funny I told
Trish Alana T I'm not gonna say on you
too much trouble if I told Fillmore are
you coming back more yeah you've been
gone for like a little also scary
because everyone's coming for him
and we didn't really know I still don't
know why I was like wait why everything
on the next chunk huh can that I'm
racist like what are these people
talking about oh my God he's like why I
need to do a beauty channel I think I
can do here like
ah but no I'm still gonna do drama guys
mango tea it's so funny I've literally
just thought like I don't know I feel
like all gay guys are gonna hair cuz I
swear even people who don't on to do
hair like know how to do here I'll show
it from the back is it everything well
I'm so gonna do finishing touches I have
to show them where we're at right okay
you guys this is like crazy you guys I'm
here do you like the tents Thanks
we also go to the same injectable to
exact same nurse look at this guy's just
like it shines anyway this way this is
like I guess some more hi guys I'm
airbrushing Trish's hair did you hear
the sound that sounds so good Justin and
baby do you like that trust you like it
mango cheap brushes your hair this
should be like we have to do like
patreon only content actually we're
gonna start we're gonna start a sex
video where we just do voiceover because
there's like wires literally everywhere
people trip on going I know no I know
I'm like a crazy person sorry about that
um I know I think a Barbie this has been
such a fun little stash this is like so
crazy we've been just like rocking know
you're like gonna be more normal which I
love I love I was like do you want me to
be like I like manga next time bring
drama poodle drama portal for daddy tell
me the drama oh my goodness drama I had
no idea about that thank you for telling
daddy all the drama talk to my yeah we
don't know how he's all like
conservative and like they have their
own thing he's like trash we're just
we're just was like a rocket scientist
that Google his name they see me oh my
and that's what I love and we just might
decide I feel that my huh we just are
not here that my birthday party to it I
did not already exposed over my channel
why isn't mango tea exposed right here
so you're a hot thing right now but I
love it I was so excited to meet you and
then like and now I got a blowout and
when I wrote to cuz you said like oh I'm
gonna blow my hair I wrote you on
Twitter yeah like wait like you're
really here to make your YouTube for me
I don't want to like I don't want you to
be born on my hair but then you're like
no I knew Harrison yeah I was like okay
so I've been finding out the T of
everything the mango is he so now he
hasn't killed me so if you see this go
subscribe
who's coach 50% off
he'll be on my private snapchat check it
out hey guys I'm not effects I just ate
so much food that's a bit early to be
not breath from eating too much I'm
starting a bad guys real I know I always
see this I need to so sorry this love
was so short and kind of all over the
place a couple of videos are gonna start
next I kind of wanted to separate you
know the end of this I don't have a
cobbler to start fresh vlog so those are
coming soon I guess there was a lot of
controversy he told me this when you
came over and and I guess I saw a little
bit of it um surrounding like no Stephen
mango who's in this in this vlog I give
everybody like I try not to listen to
what people say online and stuff like
that I give everyone the benefit job
because if people judge me and clean my
boyfriend judge me based on what people
say or thought about me online like I
wouldn't have away from probably and I
wouldn't you know I want to have friends
or people in my life so I try not judge
people um I'm I I don't think I'm s
anymore buddy to be really controversial
as well and people with acquired socio
Trisha you know just some of my friends
and they're just like you know I know
her in real life the wind and she's like
a good girl it's like that so Stephen
mango one in person is was very sweet to
me and very nice polite respectful he
has a persona obviously online which I
kind of figured
you know he think it's him it's just
like an amped-up him
I can relate cuz I've been like that I
camped at my persona but he's a really
nice guy I've known him for a while he's
actually my birthday party last year
which I kind of didn't know but kind of
didn't know because I used to come into
my life shows on you now and was always
a really big supporter I mean like
actual supporter and stuff like oh not
not to say someone's not actual
supportive but like he would you know
you would you know do the bars and all
that stuff like that and even I told her
like you would always be like my you
know sugar daddy um and he's like I just
like to you know support creators and
stuff like that and I was kind of before
he even started his um the his channel
it's like popular now just like a draw
what kind of channel I like the way he
does the drama I think he does it you
know I watched his videos I think he
does it relatively fun he keeps it fun
and light and doesn't really like come
for people's jobs or like attacks
people's like appearances so I kind of
okay you know drama channels are drama
channels at the end of the day right I
haven't seen them be like nasty or like
hum for people or come for me or you
know what I mean like I don't know huh I
could be wrong but I know he posted a
video on his channel and then I know a
couple my own friends in like the drama
I guess community that I talked to you
online I guess I beat with him I don't
know any of the thief I don't know in
the drama it's such a funny thing when
you're not to say anyone who watches
those aren't unhappy in life but when
for me personally I'll just speak for
myself when I'm like happy and I'm so
focused and like in love and just know
I'm in my own little world like I kind
of don't really keep up with the drama
like I said there's nothing against
people who do because I there was a time
where I was very bored and just in
everybody's drama and I probably would
have known I don't really know the drama
I don't really care to know because I
like he was very sweet
I put out an Instagram as a sentencing
looking for someone to come blow up my
hair and he he was a hair stylist or he
is a hair stylist and I was like okay I
needed somebody and I knew him and I was
comfortable with it and I was very happy
I did he's a he's an he was very sweet
and kind and I could see a lot of myself
in him and I think vice versa but I'm
talking to a very specific like small
group of people that maybe didn't like
him that I'm also friends with or
whatever um you know I don't again I
don't know any of the drama or any of
the background and the reasons for
disliking someone I just know also this
like I've had this happen with other
people on YouTube and stuff like that
that get mad at me for being friends
with someone they dislike I'm stuck in
30 years old everybody like you know
like I can be friends whoever I want I'm
not gonna get mad at people people are
friends with people I don't like some of
my really close friends are people with
people I despise but it's not for me to
be like ahem leave your friends at them
look I think that's if you're friends
with someone like that like oh don't be
friends with em you know II mean like I
don't know I just like as long as like
being it you know like my friends know I
just like that person and then they know
not to invite me where they're gonna be
and that's it and it's not like drama
you think that just that I have a thing
to just like them and my arms I just ate
so much I know I'm like also I just need
so much now but I also ate so much in
Cabo I'm so full like I'm so ready today
I'm just so full and puffy and like my
extensions got taken out getting them
put back next Friday Monday say that was
such a blur also I have haven't been
keeping up the YouTube videos especially
Shane's is the first I always watch and
I saw it title and got a new dog did you
really get a new dog I really want to
know um it's in a husky doesn't thing I
have to pack I have so much to do and
I'm just like putting it all off
editing that's productive anyways I've
had one diet coke - Diet Coke and oddly
enough ironically enough I wanted to say
also I'm sorry again that this vlog is
so short put the cobweb bugs will be
loaned and prosperous oh gosh I have
such a big belly right now oh okay I'll
cut you some peace on the street
Anderson start stealing everyone's out
room I happy what I got have a video up
on my main channel I should be up now so
check that out I'll link that below I
love you guys misused issues
