hey it's that I haven't logged out in
beta cephus my spare time loves our
one-year anniversary if their one-year
anniversary oh do you know what I kiss
me in blossom Oh God ha treasure our
favorite place a little world we came in
we came in here and they're like are you
sure you're at the right restaurant
look I dressed up we are all right we're
like yeah what people are like is it
weird all right sir one year ago my like
people don't just like this F read my oh
hey when I said this hey thanks playing
our anniversary one year ago one year
ago we met editing apps to do a
stripping dance studio no II was I was
as constructive no she was an instructor
and I was like yo can teach me now you
know that's what happened okay well is
everyone here and we're at Red Lobster
and we're in our matching with the
students wear matching blue and we have
our drinks you ain't this my lobster is
very slick press from one reason so it's
Wanda remember when he gave up Christmas
Day in back from her special holiday he
took he took me here that name I sign
this I said you hope you don't listen I
listen I can I can afford really really
really nice expensive restaurants I can
first mom but you know what this place
is special because we will love this and
every bit about the situation not the
what not the like money but by the way
every hits restaurant we've been to Sean
has been taking about you every time it
pisses me off and I said no more buy
because every single time would bring
out the best
like literally dozen times I'm like stop
it like stopping and it's always been C
so which I would stop it anyways so I
was like um yeah and I wanted to do
something special for his from his work
schedule for our university but his work
schedule is crazy so yeah I've got a lot
of shitty lessons well a it's a little
aggravating too
my little Tracy aggravating tur but you
know obviously there's nothing I can do
know that creamy I need to pay my bills
not if we got marry anyone I ask you um
I'm a nominee I'm a myself what does
work is self-reliant person I don't need
somebody to that's very nice of you
I literally have said very nice of you
but guess what I like to make the money
look this is our first time we kissed on
our blogs like this remember it was the
one in your apartment when you were
drunk as fuck it was like does it um you
guys look at her lips big agree we just
woke up with a whole row but he got my
flowers I started crying oh you can't
even see the flowers and you know what I
want to buy red roses but Trish Trish
isn't your average girl trapeze well
Pete Rose is which is true this is
different and so she needs different I
know any Hadassah anniversary card you
guys oh yeah if you brought the balloon
into it's a thing to have a happy
Anniversary card sidebar a fucking
snowflake knew you might be anniversary
card over there I mean a bursary balloon
if it's not like kind of a special
snowflake what did I got ball die not
fall he cries all right I say should I
knock out us we're gonna do that hey boy
look I did the wrong damn thing but she
cried like and I didn't think it was
happiness it was more sadness and I was
gonna
it was a lot it was happiness and
sadness never good a boat I love you so
much
damn yes ah no no you say why did you
have to say do you why is it being emo
me me me me
Thank You Anthony goofy that evening
Amazon it's not like you know whatever
may be the first time EQ or not the
first time the second time he kissed me
and a vlog you grab my face and like
this it was like the grossest kiss ever
on a camera that's what you did you went
like this and what
like that so crooked
a second high I love our gross stupid
kisses
no for the cameras like you know for the
camera everyone watch porn I think they
were okay then you would have to work
what you did anyways thanks for this
anniversary I'm so excited I can't
believe we did a year I'm so excited
no one's ever made it this long she said
nobody it's really sad
I just love time I do oh my god I'm
gonna cry and I literally bawled you
guys you have no idea I like cried the
whole way and then he start crying and
then I'm just like worse a mess
yeah cuz it upsets me cuz I don't like
her to be upset I get upset when she
gets upset I don't want to get upset I
just wanna be happy she's a Mac she's an
amazing person she doesn't know how
amazing she is at all
hahaha no you don't you don't don't know
how amazing you are you don't know what
you offer this room and especially what
people love watching it's why I love it
all right I'm gonna sharp it wait I have
to find the vlog is called the grossest
kiss ever you guys were recreating them
already go I love Sean he literally will
do anything I do you know she loves his
home videos shit this home video shtick
I was impressed with the other day and
now we're in a happy mood nice you sorry
Hey okay so we were going to go out to a
club which has been my favorite thing
lately to do but we decided to watch
ducktales whoa every day that we've been
making love tears oh yeah huh something
you did something something something
yeah what do we say hey guys look we're
in our matching to me so Sam here don't
put your password in on the hook and
show the back of them like I got the
matching lunch on the back it's not it's
not Wayne Enterprises
it's vendor will enterprises
intervention thank you guys I owe ya
wait hitting hey guys how are you doing
the last one we saw you don't even know
that Jackie's not up by the camera
filming this
the last August I was titled he's
leaving me we all please send her some
positive stuff stops yeah you second
anyway you guys I haven't seen you guys
in a long time how's everybody doing I
see you I'm kind of are you doing a long
time you have seen me okay anyway you
guys Trisha just met my mom and dad and
they loved her I didn't really talk
about your sadness arseholes do but it
was amazing no they love date my parents
loved her like so much I knew she was
gonna get along my mom so well Holly did
was laugh and talk about snorkeling and
so night it's like I want to be able
part of a mission he wanted snorkel and
dancing with a bag on her head got
everything that wants to be the unknown
dancer so have you ever seen mama be
under well you ever see a woman with a
bag on her head a young lady in the
glove of the bag on her head and dancing
crazy it's my mother and go up to her
and just say to your friend who's that
anonymous it's my mom this is will oh
she's so sweet
your dad loved his dad invited me to the
house got so excited I was like oh they
love this I love that they do it's so
nice I'm so happy she finally met my
parents
yeah as I won here long-overdue you guys
all over do one year and it was a great
anniversary best University my whole
entire life ah and now we're watching
duck tails and I bet the bathroom I
swear to God
so I love her she's a big child I know
we're matching the big kid she's a she's
a girl that doesn't gonna grow up but I
don't want to grow up baby would you say
he's an old man you act so immature this
I'm very nice man people say that unlike
me anyway it's good to see you guys
thanks for being back in my life you
didn't remember what I know anyways good
night everyone from Sean Vanderbilt
enter sha Shan penis good night good
night yes see what's happening we are
one year later every last I'm still
going strong after all these years she
still likes me because of my time but I
am Batman and you are you are bad girl
bad girl something's going on in Gotham
we must save the day in ocean of home
music reached out to me and spoke from
your mouth to my ears it's the only
thing I hear I'm swimming in an ocean of
hope
here's this
baby for me some more
smoking
but you can feel like
