okay guys trying to lose weight on a
diet but you love mac and cheese I found
these like alternatives and they're
actually really good i whole bunch of
them
um i actually prefer this one
surprisingly I don't usually like white
cheddar mac and cheese this is actually
really good as a like I said like Panera
this reminds me a lot of Panera's mac
and cheese
this one reminds me of the good old
fashioned Kraft out of the blue box and
people don't like it but I like it but
it hasn't so you're sort of plasticky
tasters I think it's amazing there's no
shade but yeah I love this link using
one you guys can't tell I got more
length including ones in there like
obsessed with that so you know if
they're trying to be somewhat healthy
sometimes this is a good choice alright
guys I thought I would do a quick Oh TV
if you hear beep ignore it still many of
you think it started me too guys anyways
um tank top peaceful warrior can you see
oh there it is and flannel from tarjay a
hey target um leggings I'm Victoria's
Secret Rock the runway boots of course
on my favorite herbs my glasses are
those onna Caron ones they were from
Bergdorf Goodman I mentioned them in my
how I got sixty thousand dollars
shopping online video and i don't know
if i said Saks or what they are Bergdorf
Goodman and then my necklace is that
little like dandelion necklace that I
always wear so super cute and my new
Gucci bag that I got from Neda Porter
that I talked about in my Black Friday
haul which is this bag not just so
gorgeous with like a so gorgeous with
the bamboo handled oh my gosh I'm like
addicted to it so addicted to it
obsessed with it my hair looks a little
ratchet it's going to get my nails done
but I don't know it's kind of cute
actually kind of just threw it all along
because I want to be comfy and cozy I
was I'm kind of cute so these lips need
some chopstick but and that needs a
clean back ignore all that but kind of
get right well so clearly I want to be
charged up my pink car charger oh it's
not in the car it's actually over here
but I got all these from apple the Apple
Store online so they're compatible the
iPhone 7 but this is like an external
like charger Mophie battery pack wall
charger and then this came with the
iPhone 7 just like the earbuds it's just
the regular wall charger but then
I got this as well because I was get
those cheap car chargers from at Target
they always are like dying on me so I
got this from Apple store and it was
pink and really excited so as you guys
know how that works out
beeping is driving me nuts
they said oh the battery will die in
four to six days and rest I'm gonna call
when I get back it's not done beeping um
but you guys last night I did post a
picture of who interests in our way and
very just lovely people I didn't flop
course like I said earlier like I don't
know I mean I'm sure would have been
like totally cool but I don't know I
just want to like actually live a real
life a big normal human being um but
they were having so much fun I was like
the greatest night ever and uh we're not
to a great dinner I don't know why if
this that's my girl my quite Asahi look
crazy it was a great dinner and I'm just
I love I just love shells Paris there's
nothing the most loving accepting people
I've ever met my life which explains why
Sean is so loving and kind and seeing
how kind he is towards them and vice
versa and way they talk about him it was
it was a lot of fun and I was really
great night and I don't know it's not
focusing in it and yeah I just like I
said I just love them so much I did post
a picture cuz I just had such a good
time and um I don't know I like love I
felt like family like it was like really
really cool that dinner with them and
hmm it was amazing so anyways that was
last night and was really great so today
I am just going to get my nails done and
trying to organize my life once again I
always do it my wife is getting
disorganized so quickly but I'm so over
this right I've had it for way too long
and hopefully figure out this AG thing
coz it's beeping sunny I just went into
Brandon's the right line a dresser
subroutine which Ann's boyfriend over
closed
okay guys so last meal or especially my
new favorite place ever
are we like obsessed with these meals
though like obsessed she said that she
has clients that were these and like
they last six weeks and never once don't
ever comes off and I'm like oh super
excited about it so I got master ones on
this I kind of whispered when I first
got in there but um I have no Chicot
minutes late
I saw Rylan and drew from ClevverTV and
also I knew from Jane's Halloween party
we obviously knew Rylan butcher a bit as
she is howling hi Deann okay at some
lucky as I conspired and I have like no
ticket that like never happens oh please
anyways I'm vlogging in the street is
like illegal so crazy Wow
so it was really really cool this girl
news I Anna young chick like super cool
did my nails and I am like so obsessed
with them like so obsessed like so cool
if you ever come to LA they're expensive
but I did get a removable and like a
full sex I had I like take off my old
set and she did a slut O's and all the
fancy that's a fancy salon so it wasn't
bad but like it is more expensive
alright guys I really need to work out I
want to work out this week that's like a
gold or something please that's a goal
this week to work out oh my god like so
you're so crazy too anyways all right
I'm tired y'all I got a lot to do when I
get home build stuff like that but I
have two guys right now like I'm ups
asking for this is my dinner tonight
y'all I cooked I just like plain noodles
and Parmesan cheese and some Pellegrino
and a really bad Lifetime movie I'm not
so guys wrong
I really we're guys expecting this ah I
really met Lifetime movie mmm
had a pimple really long time since I go
in such a long time and I'm watching
this really really awful one with I
think his name is Corbin Benson I don't
know I think maybe I'll carry all this
and you guys it's always that Trek to
the kitchen you guys know what I'm
talking about
sit front of the TV oh hey extreme
close-up alright and we can do it this
way I have so many lights on in this
house so I might help
Janina duties the horse I don't want to
do I want to actually just like smash
the equipment tomorrow like so might
have lumps oh my god my skin look that
cute Gucci bag though we told you can't
see ya so cute I like makes me so happy
I love putting my purses like where I
see them every single day in my kitchen
depression of fitting tonight I should
be played a pasta for some upcoming
outfits I'm going to be wearing but I
just thought Peter Monta has like a diet
channel bless his heart who has a diet
and I cannot no shade at all obviously
you don't
here I love him so much but I seriously
though like who starts a diet channel it
Chris punter in the holidays I mean I
probably should be Joey I would I can't
mine I said this morning like I want to
die up my things
me things that process or finish
processing that day me I always save it
with the actual title so I don't forget
video edit it but anyways so funny
anyways it but it it's one of those
things oh hey make a church where I was
like oh you know this is that by the way
just the awful movie I'll show you you
guys even see that guy from major league
that Passos still steaming can you guys
even see though like steaming pasta I
don't even want to put you guys OH
kick it's right there for like a minute
or my big belly steam
I love making like just plain noodles I
really do it's like one of my favorite
things to eat because I want a Mook bong
tomorrow I'm sorry you're like staring
at my belly while I'm doing this I'm
gonna take my first bite on camera with
you guys and then watching this awful
like a movie well I'm gonna start it
actually I'm gonna get our chance but I
wanted to do a MOOC bond tomorrow so I
kind of do not want to like order out
but I also been trying not to order up
these nails though right like amazing
kind of a joint ASMR with them tomorrow
- I think I'm obsessed
so anyways some cheese on there and I
love me some crotch cheese I don't need
that fancy shit mmm crap package arrived
back and cheese crap oh is that the same
craft that makes the box mac and cheese
cuz let's so crap you want point with
that cheese cheese game strong and I was
watching some YouTube I go back and
forth between like watching TV and
watching YouTube's like when I get bored
with watching another mm-hmm I'm a great
cook but anyways as the night I want to
add some vlogs and after now that that's
finished processing and I'm doing so
there's I have a fitting but I'm not
getting in the actual outfits tonight so
I'm I am the vlog here and if I do I'll
see you guys soon except I got edit you
so I'll see you guys soon like I said
something interesting happens I'll walk
again
okay likes I'm gonna get a bigger place
something exciting happening
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it you guys
gonna eat these babies pretty good I got
some movies
we're not Black Friday see movie you
guys all that may be doing kind of
amazed it bad I don't mean your wife she
a little bit drink yolk on Thursday
morning so yo got me right I am
I'm the anti Peterman - Channel oh my
gosh this is like the worst thing I want
to put down nope not gonna work okay I
start the fat tummy again well it is a
marvelous piece is for me all pain et
les filles and Ichi was hot oh my gosh I
hate when shit goes on the couch and I
just nothing else no applause forever I
just took me down even further I always
happens you keep on home I don't you
and
with where that guys were done some
stories have another thing there we go
enjoy your food felt down there so worth
him I'm at chocolate wow just movie that
she really go there friends the guys
morning both there's like its
interpretive one in a slutty from and
the slutty Futterman hoots everyone
found out there was some insane back so
everyone's like no man will come between
us you can have him but then the guy
goes back to the slutty friend it was
like where have you been and the girls
like let me think about it I'm so
terrible so cheesy and so funny so I had
to get some candy does it look ugly
pretty queasy sponsor me
