how are you guys so I'm having dinner a
whole boob boobs right there I'm having
dinner my couple hours but I'm like a
little hungry right now I got changed
Terry I've had something conservative
which I'm gonna go do next I caused a
mess I just needed a little snacks
minute a half of a bar sandwich is that
some time over oh my gosh cooking with
Trish episode two
cuz I never cooked sponsored by chickpea
but how could everything about it shows
sponsored sponsored by bunny mmm YUM
where's mom - sit down buddy with you
guys and I don't know I think when I'm
like what's like dreary and stuff I
don't know I'm having dinner tonight
with really awesome people I'm really
excited about but um I kind of just I
found the vlogmas kind of intro today
and so I kind of touched on it there but
I just going to say real quick because I
said that I said up my intro but um if I
don't share something it's not hiding
something from you or also I did not
like it didn't happen it's just more or
less like certain people don't want to
be on camera I'm sorry buy some we're
done it or cut it up I say this over and
over but you know I feel like I have to
because so many people just love okay
this is where I was going with this
Cheers whether you're youtuber serves me
a personality or just something to me
like you Instagram YouTube and Twitter
something that's not crap like how do we
go haters I guess you don't have to
prove your life to anyone you don't have
to but you know the racist people don't
fall around saying Liz how rich I am
okay I haven't asked for a fact like
just because someone thinks they know
their life they don't know one knows
your life but you know one so why are
you gonna guess and I'm the power of any
type to make you feel certain way about
your day because they think oh this is
suspicious because of this this is we
particular assignment blog Brown Shawn
do is assume we don't see each other and
now in the term something happen he's
embarrass me - changing you it's like no
there are certain situations or it's
inappropriate to blog or ma'am be
comfortable about or you gonna enjoy the
timeless people your way
um be a real human being because
sometimes even I forget and then I'm
like you know know know that I'm a real
person but I would cite myself on this
YouTube world for him to make well I'll
have to show it how are they gonna know
I don't show it
we're trying fruit I knew who really
mean are you to preside diamonite
showing it want sure yeah I like only
having people like in my life with me
cuz I don't have that many you know I
had maybe two for them but anyone is
ever like hating on you discrediting you
could be South assumptions I don't
fucking sold I'm sorry that was their
problem doesn't stuff not mazing cuz I
ever had to run for my life
I probably died me though that guys
let's go find me a shirt which workers
lose no no work I just unzip my dress
and you guys in this closet I can't find
anything conservative I hear he's seen
my closet like literally me I have
nothing to wear
like what like nothing to wear oh my
gosh you guys I don't know I don't know
what to wear even turtlenecks text well
on my titties up sometimes I think those
even more sexy because you're seeing the
outline of your breasts basically just
there mmm I wish you guys we're here to
actually help me I'm thinking about this
I'll show you let me turn you around
okay so I think this because it's kind
of like Chanel inspire which is classy
but also like sequence which is Trish or
I thought it like this leather ish top
with like these leather pants
other than I would need a jacket so all
right I think I'm gonna try this one on
first I'll show you guys what it looks
like okay so when I first got this okay
hello right bra no wafers got this like
a couple weeks ago I fit so good now I
look like I'm stuffed in it right oh
well this would have been so cute - I
just can't you guys although it is
hi-low oh my god I don't know it's
really really cute but I also feel like
a little over top and I also like a
Christmas present but it would have been
cute we're going to try the black pants
with the leather top maybe that look
better but it's cute right just gained
too much way all those eating shows will
do to you so cute though Oh only it was
a smidge bigger okay this one is not a
bad option the only thing is it like
meat we look too matronly like I mean
the leather gives it a little bit of I
don't know if this looks like I'm trying
too hard to be like I'm conservative and
cute Oh something about it you would
think every kind of sexy right but I
don't know something about this is she's
eight that people see how much we wish
them done that I render his pants I
tried the song cuz I had the pantyhose
on so I'm gonna keep the panels off just
fit pantyhose on in case I don't like
this last leather outfit which hopefully
I might not okay guys I think we found a
winner this is conservative but also
Trish it's a little more form-fitting so
I don't feel so frumpy in it um really
like cute this is actually an option for
me is this love and music video and I
ended up just obviously not bringing and
I must have forgot to bring it but this
would've been really cute for the final
dinner scene but I got all my is this
love outfits from the same place and
this was one of the dresses and I really
liked it so I think we have a winner
okay all right
dressing conservative is always a chore
as we're nippin okay but I think did
pretty good I just don't know what kind
of accessories to wear actually should
look at my set bag because if I still
happenin but I'm gonna try and film a
video for my main channel before I go
just camera still has been a year with
this camera I don't know how to deal
with it
well that was so much better she does
always keep on the setting um it's kind
of hard to focus but it looks so much
skinnier going to do that than the
mirror angles haha anyways alright guys
I'm gonna go film and yeah we found an
outfit do we like do we have the
comments approval
well what America's already beyond we're
in this anyway so we'll see how it goes
but I'm really excited I know I'm really
such a big deal but like I don't know
there's a certain people that you really
want to impress and these people are
special people and I want to impress
them so that's that
