because I'm legit during the most today
I just did an eating show from Lucille's
I'm doing a snapchat sponsorship which
is like my first sponsorship from
stature and it's so much fun it's like
this game and I'm like addicted to
playing it I'm playing all of you guys
I'm doing that and I'm unboxing a bunch
of shit and I have to do a whole try on
haul still before it gets dark and it's
about to get dark in a couple hours but
go ahead let me show you guys how
excited I am for this like look how huge
this box is like okay Jesse may see look
how big this box is it's from Annetta
Porter calm it's a Christmas present to
myself it literally came in this okay it
literally came in this complimentary box
but like yeah cuz this came early you
guys I'm gonna do a full boxing on this
so I'll watch from reaching out for that
but I'm really excited I know what's in
it I have more stuff to unbox but I have
to go film a try animal real quick and
then I'll come back on boxing and then I
got a play against you guys and then
I'll come back down bouncy - guys I am
officially done filming I have these
janky-ass lights set up boom they're
just like lamps I have like no
commercials app I like took all the
lamps from like every room in my house
cuz I have like no lighting in here
Gracie we're not curious you consider
you even bought myself okay guys I'm
like still munching on a hopeful there's
no pasty nip-slips mmm I'm always having
an episode always my life is one big yes
I don't even fuck my head wise I have
been as I pan down I've been obsessed
with these barbecue chips you guys like
actually obsessed they hand make these
at Lucille's you guys why I've seen
eating show but no soul garden I've only
even show around lunchtime and always
has my strips are like so dipping
mmm I'm actually headed down to San
Diego for a couple days so I don't be
rash a park
I'm just shoving my face is on partly so
YUM mm-hmm right snapchat Tori pricing
sponsoring Lucille's someone like took
my sweet GM's up so I've been telling my
house is a mess like I'll clean it up
but I have two custom jacket coming
tight still jump I'm trying to my house
up before they come cuz most like onion
rings in here cuz I ordered onion straws
from Lucille's and they're really potent
so my acne that I said I'll get packages
out in the car packages from the parcel
pending like a lot to do but magically I
don't hook those chips work because
they're amazing and I can't stop eating
them
before package Oh in this so excited I
mean I thought this was a snapchat I was
like trying to hurry up yeah that's like
a mini Sephora ha I'm gonna do like a
base of farmhouse I got some more new
stuff rooms for us did all these makeup
way it's like I'm a makeup wipe or he's
like the seven of them to get off makeup
a day yeah I like to say yes to cucumber
but since I was already placing her at
Sephora I thought pick these up and then
I got more at my favorite foundation but
I got different colors because my skin
talked about which means now that I'm
spray tanning is this under-eye
concealer I definitely need that no
liner from Stila kept on day like a
liner didn't really love my liquid liner
lately
you couldn't sound it's a brand I'm why
would they just put these two it's st
Lars and some concealer from NARS so
random that they just put them right
back okay that's it for real yeah it is
now seven o'clock it has my third and
final trip from picking up packages this
is the third trip you guys third trip
meaning I already opened and disposed
the first trip boxes like completely you
guys saw me open it it's all gone
right there's the stuff that I opened
third trip this is this is what YouTube
looks like and it seems all fun next we
need to open it and cut out every box by
herself because inside is fun but tis
the season y'all blogging at its finest
oh my god so much
yeah how are you wedding in with that
great though my wife pretty son and
she's just you know
you
