all right good morning you guys good
morning from me and my Lucy pajamas how
cute are these I was watching I Love
Lucy this morning my I Love Lucy pajamas
and then I was thinking like I'm hungry
but I was like a lazy bitch and I was
having with Sean and um and I was just
having a shot and he said that he was
making um sorry um it was actually a
text to UM missing he's an Asian bacon
and I was like oh my gosh that sounds so
amazing but then I was like I'm being a
lazy bitch I'm gonna order some eggs
bacon but I'm like I hate post-meeting
like just for myself because then I feel
like it's a lot miss lazy fucking pig so
no no more make this a video so it's
like work but I get to actually eat
breakfast cuz I really want a breakfast
i order breakfast from IHOP they only
gave me one bacon that was a whole other
south oh you'll see it as a finished
video I'm like one piece of bacon really
I have um and then I tried all these
pancakes which should we're actually
really good too so you guys will see
everything but I was just like thinking
I'm like this is crazy this is this is
like this is like work like literally a
13-year old trash would be so excited I
would say this one's not like would be
so stoked that I get to eat like this is
this is my life like I get to eat and
like this is how I go to work in my
pajamas like it's really really cool and
I'm really you guys it's like this
moment that have me but you guys don't
cuz I feel like in my arms and I get so
tired
hmm it's like hold you up boy these are
the moments this is the moment where I
am so for feeling like my life is really
cool and really good and like and if I
get depressed apartment so I gotta like
remind myself Sean always ran through
this kind of stuff like when I meet you
guys out publice this is the stuff you
need to focus out and it's like you're
helping people and like people are
entertained by you excuse me and like I
don't know like I do I have to focus on
that more and but aside than that
because I like love you guys to be a
little chica it's just mature guys inch
to minute coming um Peter down here cuz
I have something on my shirt speaking on
that note of awesome awesome people that
watch my videos but I also have to do in
London - my thought I have such a focus
on like this is like I have like a
really cool life like I'm really really
lucky in blood like I say this all the
time I feel but like its true like I I
like just love what I do
so much like I don't I mean I just got
lucky I just got super lucky like I
don't understand like everything is
every year to make it next year like you
know I had to go work and like a 95 job
I would look back on these years that
I've been doing YouTube and be like just
so happy like I feel like the memories
I've made in the past I've been on
YouTube almost 10 years in January but
specifically the past five years but ten
years the memories I made is like crazy
like it's it's insane and I just I hope
it keeps going like I would love to live
the rest of my life like this um and I I
don't know I mean I don't I don't think
about that like like what it's gonna
happen neck like I don't think about
that I just think like I'm having so
much fun in the moment I don't take it
any of it for granted I'm very grateful
for you guys and I thank you guys so
much for like watching my videos and
like you know I thank you guys so much
for it because you don't watch my videos
you could get bored of me my videos and
I like I really truly thank you some
people who talk shit and like oh my god
you should only get 70,000 views on her
vlog Channel like who fucking cares
except only 70,000 like to me that's a
lot I may not get millions of views like
other people but somebody doesn't is a
lot to me it's amazing to me and I'm I'm
so grateful like 7,000 I think I
honestly would be grateful at 7,000 like
I would continue to blog with 7,000
viewers think it's it's amazing so I'm
I'm forever grateful I love you guys
okay on to amazing people let me find
this girl I have been watching her so
much I'm so glad she did a stain called
Trisha Paytas he's made me buy it okay
yeah here this area this girl is
literally my literal twin I'm Shay guys
little world
she's just falling hey guys look I
thought this was me in my apartment
especially recently pink lamb girl I
treated her like what is going on yet
like he seems so much happier or you've
lost so much weight
mmm like that which is she's so cute
because you know the confidence that I
have is because of Trisha she's just huh
oh my gosh you guys understand do you
guys understand what this does for me
like I know I may come across like
egotistical or narcissist or whatever
like feel gross right now look at myself
but no I'm not I'm like actually very
insecure and I'm always under the
complex no one likes me and I'm doing
everything wrong and I'm gross not all
us up and it's like this is like crazy
that I can help you guys like crazy so
story with this girl first of all you
guys look at the background she has the
same please spell the same phone from
the L lines the same poster that I have
right there um the same dildo the same
mannequin had the same robe like I watch
this whole video and she's like my
perfume she's like amazing like
literally oh my gosh my little my twin
and I loved it so much but to hear all
this like it's overwhelming to me and
I've treated her before and I just I
love her so much now I want to be her
best friend because I've always wanted
to in my whole life I'm always going to
be matching with my sister or my mom
just anybody who in matric me I've
always want to be matching so I lost on
so much cuz he'll match me and I love
matching with people and so like this is
so cool it's like my actual twin because
so many girls are like bitchy as fuck to
say their petty not bitchy like you say
oh that's like really really key word
you get I got it when I was in Taiwan
like three years ago but it was
custom-made and there was only one of
them or like oh my god I don't even
remember I just oh as drives me nuts
like it drives me nuts cause people
don't like to and there was a girl I
used to be friends with here in you and
I loved her style so much and I always
wanted to everything she had cuz I just
really liked her strategy would be like
that's so creepy oh my god she should
copies me with everything it's like
bitch called style and fashion and you
have great style and fashion and the
fact that I want to dress like you
should give me a huge compliment to you
and there's a huge compliment to me when
people buy the same should I wear I'm
like fakes most people think I have like
tacky fuckin ugly style so I love it
anyways this made me really excited I
went on a little bit of a snap like
rampa positive with the snap rant like a
snap a snap um the snapping spree about
this and I just loved it and anyway she
the whole video is called pink lamb girl
and she's amazing and I just love it so
much so
anyways I'm in a really good moon I've
been watching Lucy always touching
morning with I Love Lucy you'll make in
a good mood I watched Britney Spears
swim party three thousand times and I
just want to dress like her and be her
but yeah so that's pretty much it
and I thought I'd share with you guys
that's my morning and I have a lot of
arrows I got a brunch like picking up
packages my life and then I have to like
clean a little more upstairs
but it's Thanksgiving week so I'm kind
of just taking it kind of chill I clean
up my carb there's like a bunch of APE I
can't see there's like a big cart full
of stuff I clean up my car so my car's
completely cleaned out which is like
never the case with me so I should go
get it washed an oil change too but
anyways all right I love you and I will
speak to you guys soon thank you guys
again I'm in a good mood today
so I hope this radiates to you and I
gotta clean that up I better give you a
proper pajama OTD I just printed
downstairs get you guys because I was
gonna change get my butt in gear African
2:30 p.m. and yeah that I gave you guys
a full overview let's still have my
penis highlighters down here but yeah
let's try to figure out what perfume I'm
on a breath you guys so funny when I
moved here I was like so not to Jory
when I moved into this place back in
March for this year I was like so not
Jory and I are like all this like Tori
which really excites me because I was
never a jewelry girl but anyways huh
Todd breath oh and there's hair on here
hey guys I have her go to six different
locations to pick up packages so wish me
luck it's gonna be extremely boring so I
mean you guys can come with if something
exciting happens but chances are I think
there's any will happen I should have
agin that popcorn of the day cuz popcorn
to signifies signifies signifies
symbolize then here try to mix two and
one
that's bedtime and Trish is not bedtime
look look good and I just want to stay
in these pajamas cuz they're so comfy I
almost thought about my knee is out but
I was like oh girl don't be a hot mess
and also I know what I'm dirty for bed
sign so I'm gonna go change out of these
and something at less fun I'm sure oh my
gosh
that is the war we put it on just
because I listen to my hair my nails
like knowledge this what I have it's so
long as I'm just show you guys real
quick like this place lighting allow us
so warm a chai featured shirt on a bit
of a chat feature is why the hell would
you
I met him at my recording studio not
according to the place where I recorded
show time and I met in there so radar
you so money are free to roam home
I don't know ride like a joke I'm so
sure that's a good name my berries my
garden I think you guys don't want to
mention we would I'm your backup
batteries goodies all morning I very I'm
gonna be a blogger hmm what's the split
everybody ready okay Oh literally I've
no idea how to split
oh I reckon teeth
I love Hathorne would I hate hot ways
your mouth though
okay this is my hair station bathroom
putting on my Star Wars socks even
though I don't even White Star Wars and
I only see a part of the movie like the
original one and I thought I was awful
it's such a poser
I gotta put some chapstick on because my
lips are always dries the negative part
of what injections come on up you always
got a lot of those days up charles cros
went on through Peter Mon always has the
glossiest lips and he gets his lips
injected so I'm like a hamster doing
that tail he says he'll always think one
of his lips like don't worry girl people
I wasn't one of mine too
I think I went a little overboard with
it but how long so happens it stuff is
my favorite aqua for this and the Marc
Jacobs hey guys I made it to the next
stop number one
unlovely Wilshire Boulevard it's like
hot and cold so actually appropriately
dressed where I have a hat on for
coolness and shorts on for hotness and
I'm Kris for fullness I'm a Californian
holy fuck whether it is living for that
blasting of that music about sir
the last time a British actor hit on me
here
don't we like me chubbier oh my god
literally
stupid Hispanics ever posted here one
and half hours one and a half hours
hoping you have taken a certain
advantage like all those in the
connecting is what all the numbers
another one that transferred me actually
I'm so over this place fucking sucks uh
I was literally R so long and I gotta
open up another fact about nothin' which
I will have either this day officially
sucks people are staring at me like am a
literal freak like I'm an actual freak
like why because many sunglasses are
cooler than yours cuz I support the
Raiders and we live in fucking Los
Angeles you know the people said fuck
the Raiders to me just like randomly as
I'm walking down the street
we're in fucking Los Angeles like what I
mean it's not like I'm in a fucking I
don't know what's even there I don't
even know like fucking New York or some
shit geez people today yeah it is one of
those days that I'm so over I'm so over
this day like I'm so over it I wanted to
end I've been like this alot lately I
was in a really good mood I was in a
really bad mood something set me off in
a bad mood action ever I say whoo cuz
she might want my videos but someone set
me off in a really bad mood
it has rubbed me the wrong way you know
text like rub me the wrong way her text
to me rub me the wrong way and I was so
over that like bitch not today not today
so anyways today has been a little rest
in my life and so much pain and
suffering yes I turned it around how I
drink drink for some days and who love
my life and some days I simply can't go
home
