yes first of all are these flowers not
beautiful like absolutely gorgeous so
and love with white roses I didn't even
know gorgeous then we go over to this
mirror and it's like oh oh hello
gorgeous
hey gorgeous us feeling a little under
the weather today well not under the
weather just crying a little achy so I
was like I'm gonna just stay my unicorn
pajamas all day and I thought they were
so super cute i snapchatted them and you
guys were like the holes are cute and I
was like that no I literally just typed
in a unicorn shirt on um Google I'm like
what did the shopping section and then
my pale feet coming over here the most
beautiful thing of them all you guys
ready
mmm yum so I got these for an eating
shout about to film as the dessert this
isn't even the main eating show but like
how beautiful are those like absolutely
beautiful
also my new phone this is the 7 plus you
guys and I'm actually obsessed with it
it does work a lot faster the camera is
a lot better and I also got one of these
cool trendy pop socket things which I
love so much I got this off Etsy
actually and the case I got from Apple
Store just like a basic pink case and I
got the silver phone because that's the
only one they had at a silver and gold
hello
silver and gold and yeah it's a seam um
sighs neither one the 128 because they
didn't have the biggest biggest one but
I'm happy with it because I never really
need more so yeah we had such a good
night last night it was amazing and
wonderful and now I'm just here to eat
for the next 10 days well I thought I'm
not gonna see him but it's just not
gonna be like how we normally hang out
which is just all the time and like
intense and wonderful but it's all good
it's all good I mean he's gotta have a
life too but I'm still not you I want to
film it just like this because I like to
film eating shows like very casually
that's not actually do eat I just
usually eat like big oversized shirts
like this not just a I'm not gonna be
like foxy eating shows because I think
it's kind of funny when people do
actually DHS's like nobody eats with
like their tits out once you're like on
a date so I mean I'm going to
actually have one plan for tomorrow um
or I thinks giving eating show these
blogs might be a little behind I really
want to post every single day like
vlogmas style but like i don't if i miss
a day of logging I don't want to be
behind so I'm kind of trying to stop by
like my vlogs a little bit I guess which
is kind of weird I know for a blogging
channel because usually just post
emotions to add it on but I am behind
anyways on editing a moment try and add
it a lot today guys I'm going to eat and
I won't like chill out today and then
I'm going to know that you show tomorrow
and then clean my house and then next
week I have to prepare for things giving
all that stuff and trying figure out
like what days we're not in my dad's
house or days I'm gonna go to my mom my
sister's house so just a lot of that
stuff which I'm really excited about
doing what has been Black Friday with
because we want to go shopping find my
mom my sister but I'm really excited so
that's what I'm doing and kind of
stockpiling videos for December but I am
going to be filming too on December 2
I'm gonna do a lot of collapse in if
there's any collab so then youtubers you
want to see me do with like take them on
Twitter because a lot of energy watch me
I have another channel a lot and I
really want to do club because I love a
lot of youtubers I love LA youtubers
they're always very sweet and I kind of
miss the whole collab idea you know what
I mean so I can't wait to eat these
donuts I'm so hungry but when I wait
first of my eating show food which
should be coming shortly so I'm up to
you guys this is the aftermath of an
eating show so much food I got to put
away I'll put all my pillows up in one
spot I don't put the little naked but
trash out but I put my neutral usually
they're like more widespread but like my
butt cheeks kidding oh you guys oh I'm
gonna die now I don't put my food away
though cuz it'll go bad if I don't know
some yummy mmmm I love doing you chose
to thoroughly enjoy myself
but anyways my batteries left I didn't
show just watched right now I'm gonna
charge it take a little nap put the hood
away trying to my camera take a nap and
edit and that's my day you guys it is
raining and you focus it is raining here
in California and I'm all bruised up
don't look at my bruises um it's raining
here in California crazy because I woke
up like really excited from all these
videos but the lighting sucks because I
like to use like natural lighting the
gloom sometimes is good but not today
it's not I don't know why this isn't
focusing
good this is a up on the corners I don't
know with autofocus or that means to
push it I want the autofocus just try
this out tonight looks good too right or
no is that better
come on my eyes suck I don't know you
guys that's not better right that's not
focused although when it does focus it
focuses right okay well I don't know
anyways it's raining today I'm in a
pilgrim costume because I'm about to
film some Thanksgiving videos um for you
guys and I know this channel is like a
little bit behind but it's only because
I wanted to stop up for a vlog missed
you just head of every video every day
in December so I just filmed a bunch a
try on haul video so that's all the
clothes the aftermath of try on home and
then I also had some eggnog I started
out with just plain eggnog and then I
had to say you know upgrade to some
adult eggnog if you know what I mean so
anyway I just ordered the food for the
eating show I've been doing so many
eating show so you just really like
those so for Christmas I'm trying to do
videos you guys like because always give
me your suggestions to UM just I don't
know how I feel about this focus setting
okay well thought let's focus so
hopefully you guys are all in focus on I
just ordered a bunch of food and I am
dressed as a pilgrim for this eating
show so we're addressing theme or a lot
supplies and suicides I'm gonna have
Thanksgiving by myself so if you guys
are having Thanksgiving by yourself we
can all eat together I'm actually gonna
be down at my dad's for Thanksgiving
it's just doing my dad and his wife and
my Uncle Joe which is like super fun and
awesome so don't feel like if you don't
have a big family event to go to you're
like missing out like I'm just going
with my dad and um a couple of my family
members and we're not doing anything
crazy we just got to restaurant and but
anyways you guys are alone just order up
some turkey all on your own
watched my video haha it'll already be
done so I don't know why I'm preaching
this now but there's that so anyways
this I'm doing and I'll show you guys
the a frothy church is always a really
really fun all right guys here's the
aftermath of my Thanksgiving a MOOC bomb
I'm actually going to put a lot of this
in my fridge but I want to show you guys
that Turkey was so amazing this was all
really really good actually
oh hey love eating shows they make me so
happy and I
a full stuffed turkey okay so tomorrow
is going to be my full cleaning day but
after an eating show at these days I've
been doing a dishes which I actually
hate so I love getting takeout but I've
been doing dishes for more display you
know effect I need to do dishes cook
I've done to each dozen around
I'm completely the home plate so I'm
judicious small concise and Wallace hey
guys have you checked out from Olive you
can get this in your target country
since love's do sponsorship like that
cuz I actually do use some Olaf I mean I
use everything I really do I really do
you do breathing and talking all the
other ones talk about it but tomorrow
will be my my deep clean day in my house
which I really mean I like to hand wash
I have people come see my house and they
can't walk a lot of change in my
dishwasher but I wish I should actually
get out because after doing the songs I
just all each of the day so that could
be a loose pond in the middle of the day
just because I don't know sliding butter
and it's talent my one big meal today
and then I'm kind of pretty full for the
rest of the day so kind of just mean I
like going to sleep on like a half full
stomach but I do get hungry at night I
like to have a little snack of popcorn
and out hot chocolate so I know in
eating shows to me I was up to like I
know it seems like I do eat a lot and I
do
I'm stuff from operations I'm stuff but
I seen a lot of the food like I know
probably like walking in why don't you
use hot I keep saying it
I know watching it your pie like oh my
gosh looks like so much food but I
actually say you know he's on the Jordy
of it
yeah a lot of people are asking me
plates and I got much different sizes
does this plate I got at has its one at
Z Gallerie seems like a silver and then
the gold one I got in there wow I really
love these plates on my own I forgot but
are they up to
so in this feel cute they're just plate
I've never been like a plate
/ youth cutlery is out there called
forks and I kind of girl I'm obviously a
you'd want to like stop the kit like
obviously you need plates but although I
will say like we've already shows and
hands like real utensil look I should
probably invest in some of those okay
lost our house day one packages when I
move this way I used to have some nice
and doesn't eat sweet ones that are
really nice and if either I was go
randomly and actually get that popcorn
bowl out and I'm thinking about it
oh this isn't lingerie you my least
favorite the animal world
Oh
the cake is good be it wait please that
is amazing I mean it looks blurred I
don't think I can live without a certain
sport is even why didn't have a lot of
money or I was comfortable I should say
um that I I still was bougie on in
Canyon service which is one but they're
actually that expensive I give mine a
lot more because they go with me for a
while and they like come with me through
three different houses so I get the more
to something other than they're really
good and kind and they go over the tops
of me but I think originally it was only
like $50 or something to like two hours
half hours so take a deal like I said
okay run that now just push pull push my
house they went out and then I'm going
to move to yours I just keep paying the
same because they're good peeps you know
working in the service industry where
you provide services to others can't be
easy I know it's not easier there please
people houses one for them of service
singer um but - I suck at service
industry jobs like waitressing where I'm
so nice like well some of you guys don't
think I can I thank you I like how your
politeness you know so server I am
because I admit that would be a really
hard time camera sees fun shellner um
okay be not forget whatever was on there
because I worked in I've been I mean I
used to make like five of every size to
make coffee at Yahoo see you see
everybody was even worse when they get
her something for free another really -
not because like in an office building I
work at the Smith while V Lodge making
smoothies our decoder like to week seven
last long does the be fired my ass real
quick my job but the words not for Rita
if you work retail I've lucky because
well that was the world for maybe I
don't know it was the manager and I feel
like it gives good manager
come on wrong social power trip against
me like always making me just immunise
it service if is there was a wall right
in the day and nobody was coming in they
would you like have you juiced up to be
busy and let's say everything was
already sold a like restocking and your
get inventory they put literally like
unfold stuff for you to hold like I
don't know that's normal
just click call neighborhoodies it's
just close down another why looks just
awful
oh my god they look so awful there
but yeah all right trust me I think God
every day for the job that I do have I I
love it you know not I was going to say
they love their job so I'm not even like
their job but I I love it I love my job
so much that if I wasn't even getting
paid for what I do I showed you it
that's how much I love it I mean I've
done I've done YouTube now it'll be ten
years January third
I don't need to know ten years you guys
that's crazy or what I don't know what
I'm gonna do for a ten year on me to ten
years and I for the first five I was
doing it just for fun you know I don't
know retention for friends hoping to get
noticed by anybody somebody it was weird
I kind of did it no they enjoyed it I
like to myself out there I like getting
responses and every day being something
new from new responses from new people
it was it was all exciting to me I might
sound crazy but normally was so I still
love it and I think I think it shows I
don't know before like you're really
good at YouTube we close all the time
like I like how dedicated you are except
honestly I guess I enjoy it
to me it's it's something I enjoy into
the hobby of it I don't know I'm really
really blessed so I don't continue that
for granted
man like you guys all right Kathy went
first all those off so is made some
progress
so those should I have so much to clean
up stuff I'm gonna take a little break
you ever get overwhelmed with house
tours like I do taking breaks help
figure to borrow break and go on the
internet my comfy shirt on I actually
got this on after my eating show because
I was gonna film something and ended up
filming at Ebates video but let's see
what's in my fridge kind of want some
more eggnog I've been kind of obsessive
eggnog lately mmm look all these big big
bottles are going actually it's good it
makes gives me more room I've been
drinking these big bottles for my eating
shows actually it's actually worked out
great because when people come over they
don't like the big bottles like
individual once I've learned just like
you know like little individual cokes
like this umph I suppose it's easier to
drink out of but hey I've noticed quite
a few people and the big T's I drink
myself out of my little cups but I
noticed people don't like to drink out
big like dr. Fontan night coats but and
a way to uh once again II was a means we
drink it was but nothing looks amazing
so hey guys I'm gonna relax for a minute
so I just have those dishes left trick
the anti rids done so all the gross food
off and then I put some nacho so my
popcorn snack for later gonna get all
nice and cozy and watch some TV and
that's the day of today today of the day
the day of the day Jay boo look these
are burnt out that's nice open up some
packages right there still have to take
those up I know I showed you guys that
like a farmer go stairs are never-ending
alright guys I'll talk to you soon you
guys I've been working my butt off
filming so many videos for vlogmas on
both channels and editing like i want to
be a heavy game having said I had so
much fun but it's exhausting usually
would do videos anytime I would do my
hair makeup and get dressed up but now
every day I wake up and do make an
effort to do videos and I am so tired um
which is good I mean it's good work but
it's fun and it's just it's just a lot
cuz hey I just finished editing and when
you stare at a screen so the meddling
vlogs and um sigh my breath my editing
vlogs and main channel videos staring at
that screen makes you tired it's long
even that late but I'm just going to got
my makeup before I have my popcorn snap
and then you have to let the video
render so my hair is freshly washed
today which I love a good fresh hair
wash I feel like I need a proper those
up on something a little maybe one more
little layer maybe should tripod in the
bathroom I mean ever find you
like it wasn't in his stables I favored
her like over the lightning and he don't
fall no see me anxiety but the most
painful thing ever
wasn't my eyebrows the battery is always
dying of course
let's take help my eyelash it was dying
and earned it was dying my batteries I
have some video and it wasn't stock and
I've never had it usually just work off
your eyelash especially my mom cuz I
don't feel my hellokitty here ma'am mmm
especially when I come on it was so
people were doing most pictures we have
her and it was it was in I and I just
and it was like stuck and how was it
flipped open and there's a shirt her the
eyelashes are digging in when I go
downstairs no my old snap my lashes I'm
actually it was a sharp cut sticky in my
eye and it slipped a I over it and I
didn't think was gonna come off it was
hurting so bad by the time I was pulling
it oh my gosh guys it was no joke and I
was stopping I kept trying I kept I had
it hanging there and with my eyes closed
for a good 20 minutes but that way I'm
stuck with these these are what I used
to got makeup just like a generic makeup
I wash my face later on but just to take
off I'd like to have the makeup stand my
face for too long if I can help it I
mean you know sometimes when you're out
you can't help it but you're just
sitting around editing videos in some
ways a lotta house if everyone does that
but you know I take my skin a break
surfaces
I'm not going out tonight sometimes I
keep my makeup on in case someone wants
to like hang out or something button
fellas I'm getting a backup battery for
this camera I have one for my main
camera a Rebel t3i but I'm video backup
one because this happens a lot so I've
been using this camera more I like this
camera because it's easier to focus and
I never have to worry about it being out
of focus if you want to know it's a
candidate g7 X and I'm using it all this
year for blogging
I missed my Canon Vixia mini but they
don't make them anymore the one that did
the fisheye lens I just really liked it
and everyone always gave me oh my gosh
really breaking on a brand I just really
liked it and the way it looked and it
was like a little
compact and who's cute but this one I
like it just you know sometimes Istanbul
God foger it's not as bad as my main
channel one but my main channel I'm
usually just gonna do that much makeup
today I was so light just cuz I don't
know was one of those things where I
really wanted to film but I really don't
want to make up but I wanted to look
presentable I think I talked about this
before I did a spot on my forehead like
really worrisome to you shouldn't be
okay but I have any jumper to a logical
point Matt it's like I can't see it
right now
but worry about it so weird to be on my
own tonight like not fun
oh that's it for this one who see if I
can show you guys the spot in my head
I'm talking about it almost 11 I may
shoot tripod just fell down roads like
maybe got sunburn but I say on a Sun for
this reason cuz we don't halogens just
like really was really concerned with my
skin couple years ago well my face is
like really red and like broken out like
really weird hmm scary stuff but that's
odd I got to make that I gotta wake up
just start my care where from it I also
gotta make a gynecologist appointment I
was having an oil change has been
putting all this awful longest time
awesome figure Nelson Shawna's preoccupy
for the next week we could temper do it
alright clean face and charge you guys a
little bit the run of night snack
together mmm oh shit how my face is all
one honda but never happens with those
wipes nasals reps all the time so weird
okay before I forget cuz I'm gonna go
upstairs hang up some clothes you guys
sure on Kay some text meet this is like
so pretty I'm obsessed with this pops
fuck it I actually like started getting
the pop sockets just cuz I found this
one I was like this is kind of
everything but anyways these are the
eyelashes the culprit
if you will I don't know if his oh no
where the heck did that go oh no man
just yet oh my gosh I'm like so
Stoops oh here okay so let's put this
baby around and it's like dot showing up
on camera but like on each end see those
little sharp things that's what was
sticking in my eye and I was hurting
like a mofo I hurt so so bad so that's
what was dealing with that but anyways
I'm going to go up and hang up some
clothes I'm gonna take this with me
waiting for my video to process yeah my
eye saga and lover like everything is so
dramatic to me like when I'm nothing
else to do and everything is going wrong
everything is dramatic face it this room
is where when I hang a bunch of clothes
I have so much work to do upstairs oh
goodness gracious let's put this side on
light I'm gonna work more on this during
the day but these are just packages I
get things I have to put away stuff like
that look at how to get to more clothing
racks cuz just wasn't enough it's just
this closet is so Oh hashtag would be
closet goals if I could organize this so
I'm gonna try and hang up some things as
much as I can in here all that stuff is
just getting so crazy and on hand Wow UI
is like really not shopping as much I
can understand it's so crazy but trying
to keep everything organized even though
I'm moving soon I still wanna like keep
it all organized off large which is like
actually anxiety thinking about moving
I'm gonna put all this stuff away
I'll mine on I hate moving huh this is
gonna be a lot and I don't even know I
get these down I mean I'm assuming cuz
just move furs take them down but just
thinking about how much all this shit is
uh so alright guys I have a lot to do so
I'm going to just move to a little bit
again not trying to over all myself if
anything I mean just do a little bit and
I'm gonna have snack edit a video after
the snack and then once that starts
processing gosh you're totally fresh off
who loves these jelly rolls found these
off at sea idly so love the original
jelly rolls but these were the closest
thing I could find
also I'm going to try to these I think
snail masks love homesick but I found
these have anyone ever tried these has
anyone tried these intense care movies
my bathroom so I don't forget nice dirty
brown right there Trish back into the
bathroom where you guys fell about there
so I don't forget but you know dirty
from that's so much - so much stuff oh
my gosh ok I'm going to continue one of
my favorite things with the holidays is
having hot chocolate and so yeah yeah my
peppermint Swiss Miss cake hubs
they ran on a mini marshmallows every
jumbo marshmallow my Cinderella mod I'm
gonna get a holiday mug I just haven't
gotten one yet well it's my Starbucks
one and a my teary so gonna put some hot
cocoa in just a moment
oh so excited and I'm gonna have some
popcorn watch some TV and go to sleep
just a moment
come on kirok oh my gosh I get sucks
my porn is coming that porn is coming
it's my popcorn dance and I watch some
more dishes exciting Lysa Trish I only
have two left and then I also have some
butter all ready to go into McQueen
yeah me
my gosh my gosh
how many doesn't look hmm
nothing my partner in time look up - was
I gonna hit tools
what you gonna do
clean-up on aisle two butter really
flies
Valley
me
I'm Elton I just melt a little butter
give it some added flavor just like my
favorite treat at nighttime because I'd
like I get a little hungry after me
eating show days but shout good yummy
coffee
running a pet shop also screen
here we go
yummy YUM love hot cocoa barely my
favorite snack ever so Myung also keep
those hello kitty soy sauces are they
not the cutest things ever and vlogging
snapchatting and making cocoa all at
once we multitasking
i'm claudinês
and flocking inception funny hopeful all
at once multitasking thousands I ran out
of mini marshmallows I'm sneeze were
these a jumbo ones the marshmallows just
kind of give it that like extra
frothiness I'm like I like the mini ones
usually but those will do just good fine
wonderful
all right guys cheers to you and
spending the night with me thank you
guys mmm cook was so good anyways I hope
you guys have an amazing night thanks
for spending it with me for real I'm
gonna drink this I'm gonna sleep so good
tonight I'm just gonna check my videos
yawn then I'm gonna go to sleep well go
to bed check the social and then go to
sleep but you get the idea
I hope you guys are enjoying vlogmas and
i'll see you guys tomorrow
