okay so I am meeting a friend for lunch
and I'm literally was I have no idea
where and I'm a music video shoot
ashtray so it's kinda like I don't know
what to wear so I just threw a bunch of
pink things together and I'm like action
kind of loving this
the top is OTT old-school style top is
wild box couture so comfortable jeans
are American Eagle jeggings they are
amazing i just love the stretch I love
American Eagle jeans and then of course
my boots are my ads I'm obsessed ugg
boots purse is that Betsey Johnson purse
talked about in a main Channel video and
my sunglasses are me which I have been
loving little item I want to show you
that I just got so I've been loving
little purses since my surgery I'm not
covering my chrome and I usually just
have my cards very loose in there which
is like not safe and I just got this
little like wallet guy your cards are in
the back right there and then there's
like a little bit chain thing up here
for you for your change and yeah I just
thought that was really really cute
cheese I'm going to obsess with this me
meal but yeah I just want to show you
guys my quick Oh Gigi because I want to
go take a picture of it just cuz you
know I don't know I always take pictures
of my OTD and always post my OC pictures
I was like okay this is like kind of
cute on a lot of guys on snapchat were
asking where everything was so that I do
a little rundown for you guys so this
cote de looks so much cuter in the
mirror at home like I don't know what I
look like now like I look at shape in a
crazy
like a little crazy meeting my friend
for lunch as I said earlier because I
just filmed you all as I was walking out
the doors I remember saying that um
really though I eat when you're going to
pick some up and you're like I'll be
there in ten minutes and they just like
charge you so much like be there ten
minutes driving I mean I love him so
much I didn't telling you I was that
like y'all I'm guilty about suicide I
shouldn't be such anyways cutest purse
ever ever since I showed this in random
should I bought I hadn't used it yet I
was using a separation I'm like I should
use that first so cute I've been eating
small purses and I literally haven't
just been throwing my ID and credit card
everywhere which I told you guys again I
remember saying this in the blog but
this movie was so cute the thing I did
not show you obsessed with this is like
up adorable I'm in it so tiny
is this cute little cos lip balm oh my
gosh how cute is that like all blinged
out I'm obsessed with like lip balm I'm
like I have like the driest lips ever so
I love like chapstick I've like gloss on
now which I don't know why to put this
on because I really have to make one
average after like a music video shoot
out with my I'm the worst ending walk
sorry and like the flop properly it was
actually we were just like so exhausted
was really great drive home they like
just like talking and you know eating
Burger King and stuff and so it's like
really really great drive back to our
house but I and I damn blog I just cuz
like you know odd or not I was like not
high I should have lobbed it cuz I was
like really in a good mood I don't know
I'm always on high after music video but
I found it so I'm sorry about that
oh but like I'm like oh where was I
going with that but always always like
the day after a music video like I just
I don't want to I barely even like leave
my house really no texts and drivers are
the words they just like a little bit
loopy door they want which is someone
handling and um so whipping on out so I
barely leave a house but my friends I
wanted to get lunch I hats you've been
so long and I just eat you know I just
have to catch up like I have to add me
from a time for my friends more um I
think it's really important I think it's
really healthy to make time I'm one of
those people who has always been
obsessive I'm like datings when I'm like
obsessed with that person and I'm just
an obsessive person anyways in general
like if I'm like upset as I really love
doing something or being around some
only I'm just gonna be obsessive with
that but that's not completely healthy
and I'm trying to not be like that so I
really I'm actually made alessa's like
sounds so sad that a list of girlfriends
oh my friends but like girlfriends
especially to because I need to make
time for girlfriends like that I really
want to hang out with and like you know
so in the night with food during talk
you know that kind of stuff with him um
and it's I don't know like you and
youtubers shoot I used to always write
off like hanging out with youtubers
because I'm like oh well I don't want to
be a superficial thing and like fake but
there are two YouTube gals I'll take a
slight right turn onto Washington
Boulevard
there are two youtube gals that I have
met and we've always talked about
hanging out and like I really am NOT
gonna make the effort because you know
we've texted each other like when are
you free ends up and like they're always
they're super busy and I'm super busy
but Gabby from the gabbie show who I
literally talked and treated with for
forever like so long Li but I think
before maybe she had a you cheap you
know movie that you cheat people to do
something like definitely considered a
minor um and coleen coleen sorry um
Ballinger obviously Miranda sings which
is so cool she did she'd mentioned in
her vlog I'm obsessed like that's what's
cool about YouTube is like you can watch
each other's vlogs like it's really cool
that she mentioned that she watches mine
because I feel like a creeper like I
always happened like I really love her
personality like I said I never really
watched the Miranda character but like
well I loved the show was it a whole
review on that but I loved like her
vlogs and um her psycho soprano channel
she was like she's very theatrical like
loves musicals and stuff like that and
which is why I always like related and
like loved her and then Gaby has a lot
of like the same thing issues if this
video sucks about on her can also like
those two I'm like I really really want
to hang out them because I just I watch
them all the time and they both have
blogging channels now so I really feel
like I know them more and we've talked
about it for so long I'm like okay I'm
just gonna do it and I'm actually a very
shy very intimidated person especially
when it comes to youtubers because I
always have it always has been kind of
weird like do people like me um will
they think it's just like a social media
it's like but you didn't get the out of
your head I've learned that with
everybody in my life Sean everybody just
like you can't go about your life thank
you everyone's using you everyone is
thinking something about you because
kids are nobody has freak
a lot of people that have preconceived
agendas or preconceived notions about
you like not everybody has this like
hidden
I guess agenda is the right word like
hidden agenda as soon as I turn that on
and I am just always a paranoid person I
might turn onto Washington Boulevard
okay I've always been like this paranoid
person who's just always thinking
someone has like an agenda or someone
will think I'm using them or someone
will be using me or like I think I'm a
weird person or mean press another thing
up this way or this way so I was like
fuck all that like just put yourself out
there and like hang out with people and
see if you click and if you do cool and
if not buying like beautiful night out
of it and even if you click and like
don't hang out like for instance jenna
Marbles one of the coolest fucking
chicks I've ever met like we went on a
party bus down to this like show in
Orange County and just have like the
best night ever like I didn't really
talk to her on the way down all the way
back working parties on the glass like
she was fucking amazing like I puked all
over the place all over her house all
over shirt she helped me like get
changed she gave me her Boston pants
which I still have girl and it's like
even though like you don't hang out
after like it was it was still like a
really fun experience and I always
consider her like a fucking down chick
and I'm just like I don't know and like
I said it's just making time again so
I'm gonna reach out I'm gonna make the
effort because everyone I feel like on
YouTube kind of the same we're kind of
it's just so annoying to remind you that
much but anyways we're all kind of
introverted even though we're extroverts
were all really introverted and weird
and like insecure and so I'm like
amplify sell out there and a lot of they
are the ones enter she'd like a wishing
out and then I'm like okay but then like
I get like scared and I'm like no
fucking I'm gonna like reach out because
they initiate I'm with like reach out so
anyways that was my wish feel and of
course all my friends like Shane Andrew
and joy and all them she like I'm
definitely one more time for them but I
said everyone's busy like I'm just like
the busy one being like a bitch like
everyone's busy so I'm getting close cuz
this little bitch next to me co-op and
be like you're there but anyways
Lighting's better they got our little
cool if it's a little ratchet
but yeah so I'm just gonna boo at lunch
this friend I'm going to have lunch with
is not my youtuber anyone I'm so
randomly like a friend of a friend of a
friend and he's like really cool and
chill and just like nice I like that
he's southern I don't meet a lot of
southern people and he's just like
southern and like cool and like chill
and like and I relate my conversations
to them so so lunch you eyes that burn
you got me bum I'm we got our drinks
um snake my Brian you haven't been at my
job what you've been on my blogs I don't
know your blog you know your blog
welcome to my wrong you made a drinking
buddy if I ever want to get drunk in the
daytime it Smith cheers y'all cheers
late turns with me just chairs and
here's the log true says
