well the house I thought it kind of look
good but it looks like super busy I need
to wash ah my life I'm not washing my
hair you got girlfriend uh knock on door
though anyways oh my god ah I just don't
know why this Chester damn that's fine
it's fine
you guys I am so excited I am waiting
for Drew my talk hold on you two look um
we are doing a road trip today we were
nice winning the next time as it's 12:30
we're going to spend the next 12 hours
together
this is so weird let him hang out with
him we were road trippin to San Diego to
vocie to Beach Boys never road shouldn't
go see Hamilton yes Hamilton was in LA
for like five months but we couldn't get
it together to go see it together
I start with my dad and my and his wife
like back in October it was amazing drew
and I bond over Hamilton we like even on
the way down to the beach boys we like
well actually known the way down listed
we choice on the way back all we listen
to his hand was in the whole soundtrack
he has actually never seen the show and
back they don't think he knows like
every single song mom he knows a lot so
a lot of Hamel stands a lot of Hamel
sands um
oh I actually had a meeting this morning
- with a company I'm working for or
working with on a campaign um just
texted me and said thanks for meeting
that's what I did this morning
and I met him dressed as Mariah Reynolds
that's when Miss Mariah Reynolds walked
into my life she said I know you owe a
man upon it it's just like really gray
see right here
great why is that so crazy ah oh you
know what I actually haven't washed the
extensions in a while that's what it is
um you ever nosey Hamilton Andrews never
seen him that's him I'm like nervous I
get so excited
just been such a good friend too this
has been a year of like rebuilding
friendships not even rebuilding me just
keeping him stronger
I say how true every single weekend when
he first moved to LA we would be
together every weekend me him Shana we
would just always hang out together and
Shelley chose house get food so an
obviously I said I don't get solder and
people like have other friends and do
other things like everyone does up
okay I don't think he's coming yet but
yeah we're gonna get some food and we're
gonna road trip down I just couldn't be
more excited I love Hamilton I never had
to wear my Mariah dress like to show you
guys like a full over TT when I can but
like yeah I'm super stoked I'm here
super early I told him don't rush
because I literally texted him here like
half hour early
I'm just chilling on the red zone that
what is the red zone for I guess if I'd
fire trucks come home well sergeant
comes almost obviously that's one miss
Mariah Reynold walked into my life she
said that marriage don't you know oh my
god no I make it literally obsessed with
briefs taken over Calment insulating you
over killed me on the tensile good stuff
I like it but it is a lot I wanted
something
I also think just haven't washed my
extensions that just kind of made one a
little weird if we can find the time
what's the contour of the set that's
making me excited my face look crazy
look that crazy in person for on camera
it's like a blunt line hmm oh I think
that I found myself a cheerleader and I
wasn't even plugged in she is always
right there when I need her I was here
for 20 minutes I did a positive I'll be
back when Drew I literally was taking a
like a little nap 12:45 outfit will look
a lot fancier have the Blazer no I just
haven't smashed I could look at grocery
oh what is all that
that's just red ball and I can still I
can't wait we're gonna gather for the
next 12 hours
see ya drinking sharp OTN you like you
wanna see yourself you actually look
like a daddy daddy like a daddy daddy
like Oh daddy mommy night out you're
good
we're here to see how with him we took
us three hours maybe we should have
hours to get down here I'm so excited oh
yeah when you get a picture how do we do
this make sure I'm all together okay
cool
yeah
oh wow
maybe and then maybe a close-up one okay
some hops things almost you're so good
you're like all down in the ground
good thank you so much I really
appreciate it picture here okay it pies
good oh wow look at you what the fuck
yeah you actually did really good Wow
thank you for doing that I really
appreciate it about that that was a
really good angle we asked one of the
people who watch us we're like who me
can you take a picture of us because
that's the best thing to do if you ever
see us I asked my picture so that way I
don't feel awkward asking perfect your
after but she was like aw like down here
like that was good angle yeah we should
hate her shall we shall we go back and
give her like you for you not just for
date here picture now we're gonna walk
to satin downtown Sandia we've got good
as I drew oh I feel like we're like high
school theater like class where I got a
field trip and we're gonna go see our
high school is like I met it made me sad
cuz I wish I was so on high school you
would you like high school I mean not
like asthma I paid to go back in time I
don't want to be 22 in high school you
would want to beat you in high school I
like succeed yeah people weren't used to
it I mean it's still high it's gotten
higher no your give so much more math
emasculate master
I have I've masculine yeah you masculine
up you float up as they kids say is that
really true you just yeah no no when I
first met you actually know when I first
first saw you like in the not cool movie
I thought maybe I was a girl
maybe it wasn't really high voice I was
kind of confused yeah but now it's like
you're obviously very manly and you talk
manly that's look at that oh my god my
nipple comes I got tell me cuz it just
keep popping on out well not my nipple
staring you in the face you're Trish
okay alright where are we going just
gonna walk in time if I coffee you're
just walking yeah we love sponsored by
Starbucks we love the blonde latte
vanilla latte yeah so we get it for free
so are you don't know Diego alright guys
got these massive heels on and I've
almost fallen ones let's try and be
smooth I bucks many stuff like maybe
someone's Indian miniature cuties by the
way people said drew looks like who
taught me was how do you say hello same
time I saw you headed in when you did
that for a second because you kind of
went you kind of were like a little
crazy Oh sunglasses she gets you saw
that there was a kiosk I would get you
something and I would make you pose like
him how does he pose like just like
crazy you ever seen him yeah like that
yeah oh my god you sunglasses that could
be you we couldn't do an impostor like a
look-alike oh my god I'll be James
Franco proud form
don't be games Frank never be days Rico
what are we gonna get we can get the
blonde I feel like I show them my
heart's going
no wanna hang you want water did you
know I think you know - Ari no I'm
I just hiked in these shoes I'm gonna
get I'm gonna get my blonde drink but we
get split one you could get a water you
want to go somewhere else
why does my heart go so fast I hate it
does anyone else want this problem oh I
feel bad ideas anxiety maybe I don't
think your hearts actually going fast I
think it's just like you're all nervous
that you're gonna hang on this right now
we'll see if you end up getting you
could run through that real quick hold
off this is over there is the double
March she was right I said is there more
March upstairs and the lady goes you're
smart we got inside information from the
March people outside buddy is there
anything different here it's the rest of
us and talked about yes
I like the Hamilton Jefferson everyday
life he understands only now I'm not
sure about hiking up the stairs before
this look at all that alcohol I'm gonna
drink for the first time
wait I was getting a coffee so oh by the
way update we left you guys on the
cliffhangers
I got a vanilla bean Frappuccino no
caffeine
parks going good do that when your
heart's good to go so we are a second
row
here super early old white choker
you know night in
we didn't yell that was been told like
multiple times we make sure she's like
come up make sure they don't think I'm
like for so I'm not but also like there
are duties
it
counting like you know I never since I
get a little nervous and crying so they
never spend like this much time with
anybody I feel comfortable
Jeremiah at the point of friendship to
word we can be found and won't be
awkward which I love top we talk we need
to have something to say
overdose island
we just had notice that just don't say
anything for a minute like we can
they're our friends so Bobby you know
what I'm saying
anything you guys need let us know okay
thank you yes we got juice we're being
healthy always healthy like Daddy Jason
yeah I'm so excited let me tell you what
happened
I'll tell you what happened you told
daddy didn't miss me and he's like let's
get Judy
that's what happened and you said let's
get to yeah
we got some juice and then oh look at
this yes so there's it
this is juice inside my salad dressing
why is that what oh but look at all
these shots we got we got a shot of
beauty are you so excited that yeah what
what goes on with that I really feel
better after you do that I don't know 50
shades of green orange juice activated
silicon bar on zinc as part of you think
that this that thought would you say was
all bullshit no I'd rather drink that
like there's no fuel replacements right
so like I feel like this for me is
better than like going to McDonald's and
getting like a large french fry with a
bunch of salt you know it is better so I
think that's the trend that's better
than French but I mean is this really
gonna do anything yeah because if you
look at this stuff even this sexy Oh
endurance libido and energy there you go
so much a lot tests for endurance Mako's
for libido ginseng is for energy is that
really you can get maybe this makes you
horny actually I thought it meant it
makes you look sexy but maybe it makes
you like I don't wanna that salad sexy
you don't I mean well it's a libido what
is that but like what does that mean
because you told me CBD is something
different though I thought and I think
libido I think like sex drive but it
could be something different like oh
just your liver or something
libido is extract ways that really what
that's for yeah your libido
I love wait do I have a libido as a girl
or just guys I don't think you need me
help your libido
please think girls that frustrates with
long as time and they don't wash it yeah
they definitely don't
Oh guys I something about prostate later
anyways we're I love what it's like dr.
oz with you I try this no I'm not like a
salad person it's kid mom Oh fine not
bad either
I'm not a green person unless I drink it
I just don't like like which one did I
get this way you know what yours is mine
with mine is yours
it's a beauty shot this is like a live
juice off
ejected my mouth do it like sorry Jeff
stop you're in make sure ready yeah you
were so crazy to do it I'm gonna do it
now like slow right
it was hungry
it smell community so my brother's on it
is even grass
that's not like grass it was like
wheatgrass like a bunny or shirt what
why do you only say things like can't
see your face tripod on the juice why do
you always stick insect you don't like
me you hate me no genuine so long
how do you do that
now but you need to stick around because
something is by now like and we'd be
like oh she's too crazy but you're still
here so maybe you've done you want
people to go around probably oh my god
30 balls
yeah probably at sounds weird you live
in like us I try it it might get during
the trip no but what if I did anyway if
you feel like that's not why is that a
thing like what I supposed to be like
chunky yeah it's really chuckle I don't
know it supposed to be jumpy hey are you
sure you didn't disobey it
I saw you put it in your mouth and then
we gave it to me it was small the beach
I think I saw you put I saw you drink a
ton but you gave it to me and it was for
my tongue a little bit did you spit it
back in uh did you backwash no okay like
that I once felt like trying with Somali
tongues all three
it's really good yes that are a straight
up
we love our healthy lifestyle I feel
like me Renuka do you sound so broken
would you say that I think no enthusiasm
had just the way I like bloggers you
like don't how to bloggers they're just
so boring like well we love eating this
I'm more wheatgrass this is me show
right now it's not intentional new box
you're eating and I'm eating my juice
maybe that's a good title if I get all
the time
Trish is so good and gives you I got so
many video ideas she's really good at it
any time I have a video I'll call her
and I'll be there our texture I like
what I do I think literally like ten
titles for today like stuff we could
have done so I like what we're doing
masses we're just like hanging out but
like I'd like to have had like a bunch
ideas okay but then I was like but so
they're just something more effort or my
office easier just a shell we haven't
seen Kevin like literally once so I was
like oh we should just Nick chill out I
wish I had ideas your partnership oh man
I keep missing you I didn't know you
felt that way I Drive by Drive he didn't
I pick you up here know where all the
actions right here
well we love this MUFON session
careful about Lily lighting
you look so good you look like that
right at least you're writing a play
someone said I look like I'm dead you
know what they're not wrong I don't um
okay so today wait did you go to see um
today good luck huh Dean Bowie you like
that place I used to go there I know I'm
a band but I can hear about all the time
going up to saddle ranch is that where
I'm going yeah we're getting attached
he's getting a tattoo because I just
feel like I've been a little insecure
lately in the comments about people you
like Jason even like trash doesn't mean
the trash like Jason doesn't like he can
tell you the Noyo trash all this stuff
and I was like you know what we didn't
show people that we're like for real
gonna be together forever not even in a
relationship just together forever and
sole body mind and spirit and so the
tension who came up go triggered a
second to a psychic guard more psycho
feed about that - oh my you kidding me
that's been the build up your whole walk
will be pointless that's the whole
buildup
if something I'll be in your life
forever it's gonna be so amazing
what if they misspelled it we'll make
sure do you wanna get Trisha Trisha
Trish Trish use my smaller
I just want less I'm kidding it's you
miss made the joke why can't I continue
with it you get upset I do any kind of
add-on to your joke
I never do oh go to a psychic that's no
no no that's not even as good at the
title anyways I would like it no extra
um okay I'll get it right here no
nobody's gonna see that Jason looking
great even show anybody know but like if
someone's like if you like oh what'd you
do they all guys had to have trash like
oh where is that like you need me so
some people can see and ask you about it
that's what you get attached out for I
know what it's my body and you don't get
a say about that it's my name
that's right it's well maybe I'll do
someone else's name Jason Jason that's
not even funny yeah well you would get
some other than me stopping
I'm chime putting my foot down I'm not
allowing you to dictate where tattoos go
on my body they're gonna be here forever
and then but on your thigh and then when
you go to the mental institution if we
got married one day you'd have to come
visit me if I literally lost my mind
where I'm like forty you'd have to come
visit me I would definitely definitely
come situation you hire that one of
course I would but don't put me away
until I'm like 40 because I don't think
I'm gonna crazy until then um I would
definitely come see you in the mental
institution and because we'd be married
you can't divorce me yeah I'm ready I
want to get divorced
if I got married to you if you get
married just in general again do you
think you would that be forever I can't
put come on so high I feel like I'm
dying in your parts I got the coffin
you're grabbing big muscles
it's happening
hey you have it but I am right now look
hello
what didn't work on it just let me go
work on it work on vlogging ah this is
like yeah it's getting better
Jason coming out for the picture do I
feel you need sent one of these chairs
you know what I'm saying I don't think
you're gonna tattoo they were playing in
touch with here I don't want to say that
like for a cool peg okay cool yeah
this is everything this will be my
Instagram profile pic right here I
picked my face next to your ankle okay
it's even better that this isn't a bad
like you didn't lose a bite you're doing
this just because you want to you need
me to fill this out yeah right big sense
gives you people do a lot of people get
their names tattooed really like other
people's names on their body
do you ever say like don't do it no it's
like people get up like that kids name
parents name laughs the one they just
lost you know means different yeah I
mean I never thought to the very popular
rifle you know I just that kind of
purposes you know right people are like
that you feel like this losing your cat
or like the dogs they get a name so big
you know what I mean
so yeah but not just girlfriends are
cruelly
like trying to get a tattoo just because
they're getting me I miss to walk on
that I have the next to the bars so you
could tell a big guy could be like a big
gay little not too sure no we like I'm
Jason can I say right to kale down yes
just get out are you Japanese
ta Keo to KL g KO let that i could knock
out
right there yeah it's gonna look cool
yeah check it out
you know what I like the discussion on
you first see what it looks like
all right daddy Jason and he's doing
something for me that's very a very
permanent and very thick forever and for
the record I do not force him he's not
drunk and it's not a bed he did this on
his own free will
oh that was strong jeez I think at my
age I don't think it's gonna hurt that
bad is it you just screaming is it it's
not okay that's good
and how long do you think it takes the
full process let's add it together so I
can watch
cousin you can leave still I mean I
guess I wish I had my computer white you
I have iMovie you did it no I don't I
have so much other things I gotta do I
gotta pick up oh yeah actually I mean
technically I choose beers I can post me
another computer another laptop well if
it means spending more time with you Oh
today
so what you want to go home that's right
Oh say I'll see if he if it's like
worried by my computer like no I I got
so much shit to do like yeah
I don't care in it okay okay don't do
that oh oh no you ate okay I wasn't a
goof who should I got you know
costea like her just like a tingle like
a sting yeah oh my god taste they're not
that bad oh my god she sounds like it
hurts it hurts it hurts you know she's
gonna get worse but it doesn't really oh
that one hurt okay you're doing so good
like I would be screaming after we have
our fourth child I'll get your name
tattooed on my ankle no after the court
trial that gets your name tattooed on my
ankle that way I know we're committed
every there a lot of love to say out
there a lot of blood no blood Wow
yeah yeah that actually looks really
cool and I'm not saying yeah like I
think that was claw I don't know you
just look kind of like that
Jason you're doing so good it was like
not her anymore
oh my god you gotta look in the mirror
you were so nervous oh my god you like
it do you love it
oh it's but honestly really pretty
no like I like the way it looks yeah
it's cool
like in you'd you have to get close to
see Trisha it kind of just looks like a
little maybe like a barbed wire or
something far away but then like what I
like about yeah
yes I'm saying it's like cool people are
gonna be like like the way you had it
smelled like block letters Treach I'm
like no that's gonna be stupid that's
pretty yeah I was like no girl just
digging in you should you always think
everybody always gets meaning what is
what we're doing we're out to eat yeah
mom over there
we're at Arthur J oh how is it or 143 on
Instagram when asked for think she went
from nine thousand one hundred one
thousand so keeper about 100,000 all
your clothes here that is true Poshmark
church pata got that pearl my my mom
does my posh marks that's why all this
stuff is for sale Poshmark not sponsored
but you can get it what is it rich P 88
mom did we learn my name right yes Janet
wrong about that all right
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Kelly G boom birthday to you oh oh
look that's o plus a beautiful looks so
good you have the bullets I know you do
birthday girl that looks so good
actually
uh-oh see all these can't see my sister
my mama bought a bunch of fast food oh
my my mother okay so oh my god she's so
funny
well you get what you love my mom so
start blogging maybe youtube.com slash
on apenas thanks for Shane for reviving
her YouTube career go and I can't find
the charger so Trish is gonna come to
read I'm gonna help you not one bag but
that's where you might know her from
how's the cake birthday girl I mean I
don't always never I don't usually like
the way I look but this is okay nothing
you can do about it there's such a y all
like if people want to be actors and
people aren't here but they like the way
they look otherwise you want to no
that's not true at all you know a lot of
insecure people that don't like the way
they look that are better on camera
people or really face for their job yeah
don't you think you know when you look
in the mirror you go damn I look good
yeah I'm not today but usually I do do
you yeah well you're photogenic too you
are very pretty
no next to you we don't like go good
together cuz you're very tall and I'm
very short we kind of look like very odd
coupling as yeah you should have said
something I can hunch no I hate that
though then that was weird
get you an Apple box you're so dumb
we're good look like the same thing
right now no here I'll go down no but
not now I can't lobby / no I have a zero
makeup on hey guys sorry about my face
let's go we had a bad bad jerk I had
Trish's car today
yeah find your keys man
found and and this this woman comes
running in the middle of the road
wait really yeah and she's like she's
like hey hey she's in the middle of the
road coming and he's so I'm like oh my
god my car is on fire
ah and then she just goes
I love the vlog I love the ball you get
with Trisha okay my heart yeah and I
forgot that I was in a bright pink
g-wagon actually I was you in there
though
well she obviously saw the car but you
know it was you I don't she saw the car
she looked for you and then she got me
next best thing I'm gonna stop traffic
wait we're with it what's right out on
Beverly like right at ready to get in
the car
yeah and I was like and I was like I was
like this there's people behind us you
got people waiting she's like oh it's
okay I don't care it was weird
three days ago someone was chasing me
and I like went to Jason's house cuz I
was like I think since on me someone's
legit was like following me it was
really weird there's really creepy I
still don't know what it was I feel like
the government's trying to kill me the
Illuminati don't say that okay
check questions yeah we got to do a
filter though cuz I'm looking really
busted today we meant to film this last
night and then that didn't work look how
much beautiful look at that one okay
Kristin Chenoweth I was like the nicest
thing anyone's enemy I love her so much
I hope that's a great experiment yeah I
wish I had her top okay ready um you
guys were doing a snapchat Q&A beautiful
you look with Jason and we're gonna film
it right now and put it up today so if
you want it be in the vlog go you do
what say that hey make some questions
cuz I'm on fire I'm really being really
funny right now you can't see it here
here which is in my blog today was just
really good I know we have with us every
day I'm excited I love the art like I
was thinking like I like editing use
your funny I don't like anything myself
as I find myself like really obnoxious
I'm boring also like you want me to be
like you don't edit
we shoot we add it so we like to take
like one minute breaks we were like and
then we might walks are not being funny
it's just about hockey
you just there you put pressure on me to
be funny something well is that you
weren't saying anything like I was
forcing you to be here which we are not
that YouTube couple that forces people
on the camera you hair looks good they
do something different uh-uh nope I just
put some gel in it from the gym some
cheap gel and I can't find I see her
how do you do I think that you don't
edit I know that every if every like
four out of five things like they aren't
funny go but I don't think we have
questions yet Wow we you we you
lovebirds everyday will you lovebirds
everyday I love I like that your fans
talk laughing I think you should do a
shirt that's that's so excited all the
time that's a comic rain that can't be
like oh that's my shirt that's my merch
because everyone says so excited I don't
I never say so excited you say it a lot
can you answer the question are we love
birds know which visit would you love
for us every day yeah sure
every time I see you okay let's find
like a video one oh now they're coming
in that was a video purple or red
videos purple know everything about
YouTube oh my said show it well I missed
that one
but you me everything about you okay
where'd it go all right there oh
whatever
hold on I think it was what your
favorite thing about YouTube probably
probably filming anything can be fun the
problem is that with
we don't have we make a lot of videos so
you don't have a ton of time so like
last night I didn't I supposed to post
on Monday but I had to go for Charlie's
birthday so then I got home at like 9
o'clock and everyone was gone in the
house and then I just took my time
editing it and I really enjoyed it but
most of the time I'm racing to get
something up and I have to todd my
roommate asking me to look at his hair
but for what he just comes over to me
he's everything that I love that he does
come over to my desk a lot okay and
he'll oh he's really strong yeah and
he'll cook like this like no I won't do
it deal but he'll just grab my thighs
you're like no he's like she's like
being like a you know and being nice but
he didn't hear it's me you can say am i
people while you're on my channel I feel
like they don't know these peoples names
you're saying you're saying Charlie Todd
like I'm so sorry Charlie's my daughter
Todd's my roommate I'd make a lot of it
you don't know I am I am I'm Jason
October Scotty's on your channel I love
that yeah you put my name right
underneath David's in like the mentions
that's right did you do that or do you
something else to it I couldn't remain
up top I'm really someone else went to
know the comments I was a really lately
but I can't people look at that yeah I
know I never noticed I would have never
notice that you even did that and then I
was like okay you're my entire video not
to give me some props thing that you're
the entire video more fun filming with
somebody cause it's like fire sound like
a partner can I was seeing this machine
I'm not really like a come medium but I
feel like when I'm with somebody that's
like funny I can like add to it
sometimes you know anybody think you're
very funny
well you told me I was fun which is not
the same as no I you're you're you're a
different kind of funny you're the kind
of funny that's like that like keeps
going and going and going it's like the
long way funny it's not like the quick
David and Brendan are like yeah just
like why sit back and enjoy it our long
video so that's why do our long so
people couldn't like appreciate miss
with the humor I like the other day your
drunk the entire time you're dressed
away well you have like two glasses of
wine you're drunk the entire day and I
am like no we have four days of drinking
so get ready I'm not gonna drink
well yeah more days of me drinking so
then you had to go yeah I love your
channels like my channel do we make
share channels now yeah okay let's do
another one because this is supposed to
be a Q&A and oh my god already 11
minutes alright move okay no we're
almost already here no it's good this is
great well great we try to film last
night and then that didn't work
purple we're tired huh pick a purple
ones with the video they're coming in
well that's like a good question for a
kid to ask is that kind of smart
thinking ahead you don't think you can
feature I like that kid I've been there
and every painter that were already
having babies it's great nobody's
planned right now guys he doesn't go in
too close to his face anymore kids and
yes so you didn't answer honestly
well yeah
I guess like Joseph's like Dom puts his
hands on you or something yeah you know
you're such a liar yeah but but yeah I
get a little jealous really I don't
believe you I am sorry nice for you go
ahead
where they talk like this you know I
don't know and I don't know the question
so we'll do the next one I love this
like unedited you because it's gonna be
great they're gonna see oh you're so
much more chill than normal
I'm very very chill guys you are that's
why I feel one thing people don't know
about you okay here's another one has to
be why are we not dating because I don't
know he's the last man I think aren't
you to be annoyed like 30 years from now
we're not talking and people are like oh
why trash anyway no no just think it's
funny and he'll remember me forever like
he'll always have to remember a saying
for the rest of your life you're always
going to remember me when people talk
about that tattoo yeah I know
though I'll say they'll be like what is
Trish and I'll be like I was I was in
Vietnam she was a sailor that I met a
sailor I could be like a like a trans
cooker or something like that like you
know in Thailand like those ones I could
have been that person for you when when
are we getting married when the e
television network makes it so you know
what this is actually good for me
because if we do get a reality show then
you have to marry me then we're gonna
have a baby so second season and then
we're gonna have like she may be friend
for today oh maybe cuz it's like we
posted in the morning some three I have
met Shane we went to his house they were
really nice they ordered some really
really healthy food which is awesome
Shane got the most delicious cake I've
ever tasted
oh yeah that was straight up yes
freaking like a good cake yeah and then
we just talked and then I'm a big fan of
Shane I've watched his videos a lot I
did this podcast what else I wanted to
film when I was there but I didn't want
to you know see
I can't I coming around people I don't
know you ask you could say something
shot it's just I feel like he is
somebody that like everybody wants
something from so then I didn't want to
be that guy too but I want but you've
known him for you tuber and I met you on
the premise of blogging that's true
that's your going at you they're
blogging me right away yeah yeah which
is but yeah now on a chair on the
premise oh let's meet this weird guy
that Trish is hanging out now because
he's so good on vlogs like Sheen's like
but he doesn't walk but like he's so
good a lot good he's yeah really funny
we love him but you know I'm you know
I'm on the potty
the thing about chain that I know is to
it really funny in person mmm-hmm any
like 10 more minutes this is going
really well I think it's been very honor
I think that's my shake on it
I'll get it later hey Jer yeah it's
David here I'm correct oh shit that was
really cute she said was it the
seven-year-old said she said what are
your she's like uh what are your
favorite things about each other I think
that's a really really good question ok
you go first
how come I have to go first because
you're the guest
ok usually the other way around ok
really no first no no ok I'll go first
um my favorite thing about Trish is that
he is serious
she's really really nice to me oh and
I'm like what's actually gonna say that
the nice and that's gonna you're a nice
to me she's very very generous and with
everything and she's like she helps me
with my videos shops with my titles
well like she today she got me some
ointment for my tattoo
oh yeah I didn't even ask for that but I
really need you do need it we need to do
that I got out of yoga
well that's not really being liked
like it's super nice you have to do that
you got to meet you I don't want you
mind getting effectiveness of the me
he's always nice to me and um you you
are always nice to me
yep always nice to you and except you're
leaving me today yeah I gotta go I gotta
make some money got big things brewing
guys big things wait what am I gonna see
you again
whenever tomorrow tonight in an hour you
can come with me whatever you want okay
that's it go check out his blog this I
think this is a Q&A that could have gone
on my channel but that's okay we'll just
brought my vlog channel um and he gets
preteen cousin Pam so check out Jason's
channel and check out his tattoo on his
channel bye guys
oh and till next time this is because
he's from a fish you don't watch my
videos so you have to do it until I say
camera kiss he is family but she's gonna
go huh yeah you do it good yay bye
he's not filming and she collapsed on me
and she was like don't be one of those
friends we need to be together at all
times and I said I'm good I got my name
tattooed on your ankle yesterday that
should satiate you for a while and she
goes no but that was yesterday today's
today a new day we're gonna see today
way that's a bad sign that means I'm
gonna end up dead keep trying to top
myself or my body will be covered in
like a of a sleeve of tration of me well
guess what we're gonna be together for
four days straight five days straight
four nights straight be excited for that
and now you can't leave me there's no
that's my location with you please one
night you're such a liar you're such a
liar but I love it because no one can
call you a king we need a thumb and then
Jason I don't do this I gotta gonna do
this
mm do you like I fly back Jason don't
even joke like that that's like nice
throw someone to get shot with a
paintball gun all right let's go I'm not
gonna do that we're gonna do what I'm
not gonna back
