okay what's up youtube.com slash so just
like my second channel who have been
neglecting sorry like I'm living in my
stepchild for the past like two weeks
where I have not been posting or
updating regularly week will have no
cure because I will be back
starting vlogmas okay I'm starting
logging with a little late because I had
a music video that just came out and
when I record musically to come out I
spend a lot of money on that shit so I
keep that as a featured video for a very
long time and Wireless making my boob
will deform I'm gonna just have another
why do they look deformed um but I am
back on this channel go check out my
main channel I like it first bloat is
this love it's fucking twisted to stick
and dark I know you guys love it that's
my idea of a love song and I love story
um but now that we are back I'm just
trying to vlog this through December
25th now that I'm trying I'm gonna do it
it's why I've been trying to stockpile
anyway vlogs a little bit so there'll be
a new vlog every single day on this
channel I'll see a new video every
single day now from now and show some
pretty v on my main channel so check
that out as well thank you guys so much
for being in on this and on this is for
like doing a prank but yeah I'm gonna be
doing vlogmas that's not nothing
that's my big thing and sorry I've been
a little and I am about to film some
videos for my main channel but all the
videos will be starting to get up to
date because I do not vlog every day
that's why I had some backlog right I'm
gonna be blogging every single day like
I said from starting now she doesn't
point this so probably even now through
like New Year's Eve I'll be posting
videos every single day so be sure you
subscribe at this channel YouTube just
unsubscribe from prime time there's
always glitches and maybe there was
wearing a smile Krueger's over it and
maybe I don't pose enough for you guys
well not only posting every single day
on this channel and that channel so
happy vlogmas to us all do I not have
the cutest rows ever I just had a little
church lambs go to church you know just
a casual a little Church bleep what are
the updates can I tell you guys I mean
my makeup looks pretty bottom today
right like pretty bum um other updates
to fill you guys in on my expert is
going to prison for seven years that's a
whole other thing that's also interview
story time video um I'm going tonight
also just real quick just because you
don't see everything on a vlog or assume
focus on a vlog or snapchat and serum
doesn't mean
I know I'm not living it okay I do live
a life outside of you too I love sharing
so much of YouTube but obviously I don't
want anything honestly just for some
people other people's comfortability or
if I don't know someone that well like
why would I be vlogging and sneaking
camera in their face or even if I do
know them fairly well maybe they're just
private don't want to be associate of my
channel not because they're embarrassed
of me because you know people have real
jobs and whatever what happens there has
been much speculation lately like why
isn't she hanging out with these people
wolves like I do go hang out with these
people why just don't blog it anyways I
didn't get a gift a little it was very
hard like what do you give someone like
gifts giving his heart okay I found it
the perfect gifts to this holiday season
and that is wait we're gonna sit you
guys on you guys look like literally me
who else does that when you buy a gift
for someone you always have to buy a
gift for yourself too though I'm gonna
set you on the extra dumb but to kick
off vlogmas if you don't know what to
give a gift well make sure they're not
like you know recovering alcohol or
something first
but I got first of all they sell these
bags out but Mellish is everything and I
suppose mater that's they're going to
leave your house um but I got this
Johnnie Walker Blue which is amazing
amazing whiskey it's like the most
expensive whiskey can get I remember
guys I always get this as gifts so I did
get some shiny Walker a blue label
whiskey which I'm super excited I don't
know why it's like making noise actually
matches my oh hello Johnnie Walker
wrongfully sponsor me though like hash
tag spawns with like the matching blue
velvet dress um
wait is that the way to go no I think it
just the oh you guys this ish is not
cheap either
it's a nice little like gift like which
don't want to like over-the-top with
gift giving and I also got some dumb as
well some Dom Perignon some champagne so
champagne and whiskey I think are always
good gifts but if you are gonna give
them as guests try and go for like the
bougie crying don't get like Jack
Daniels I'm like second although I know
my mom would love both of those don't
anyways hey that song ready to go okay
so I'm about to go eat some chips and
fill my main channel video but I wanted
to say hey guys
mugging blog mess you go random paper
towel but I did not put there I've got
some cookie jars with my favorite
Cheryl's cookie hashtag not spawn okay
enough laughing alright guys so this is
the video for today but now you couldn't
vlog every single day make sure you're
subscribed make sure you tell your
friends make sure to check back
regularly if you don't see this in
subscription boxes I love you guys so
much
and alpha-2
