Oh guys some punk over this morning
Oh Shawn had my ID and my card so I had
to go 20 something honest hang up
because I took my hair nail someday and
I can't use the kind of hard but home ID
my other credit cards and I can get had
a great night on my baby so I had to get
it but my main part that I needed this
my nails done here done
oh shoot is in a few days
I'm always been unemployed Gabriel son
and I don't particularly enjoy it we had
like when I get my nails and I like
having nice nails but process of it
little tiresome but I think I need
coffee or something to wake me up
maybe like the dirtiest I smell
my anus tart hmm like snap I say kinda
looks good over being owl 9 having a
mess of a morning is Starbucks real
quick save time who and they have a
holiday right not some definite getting
a Starbucks
like casuals the Joker like sitting over
there you guys look
just casual you know November 12 just
casually sitting there
all right Starbucks time yep all the
holiday popes
I really got the biggest bag you guys
have three cups Starbucks customer and I
got a large skinny vanilla
yeah
okay
thank you literally needed the biggest
one ever because one of those days love
these red cups I can't see myself thank
you find her up but it's one of those
days Dale
one of those days he'll please
it's gloomy it's a little humid but
singing in the skin side Jean video
teeth itch dreams naughty I love this
version me and you can't say jeans B who
knew deals okay trans I love dear Chris
I've been a big Darren Criss fan now
ever since I saw in Little Mermaid I
thought of all I have you guys don't
mind some obsessions upset Sean's this
was not smart to go through to strive to
rise to be in my hair right at four
minutes it takes 15 minutes to get there
and I'm going to take ten minutes to
drive through you I just got pedicure to
these nails I mean my music videos in
space in the nineteen forties so I have
these were like Rhett nails but a
lifesaver alert I have these shoes I'm
going to like actually switch into
because I had my UGG boots on and I got
a pedicure which I wasn't really
planning on getting pretty here but that
like you want to lose mom here oh shoot
back there
so these are like a lifesaver when
actually where these are the hard to
give up so always reason things happen
really this drive-through is not fast a
friend
I was literally talking for like ten
minutes okay long story short I was
saying like these are actually really
cute I got them from linked up calm and
it's BL ing D D up no eat in between but
what I was saying was after I had posted
the blog of man box and I'm actually
wack so you know I had a like link her
website and want to make sure it worked
and everything so I linked the website
why'd I have to we just did because she
was so nice to get those to me but I
linked the website and so I'll check to
make sure it worked and I went on the
website and as she was like really keep
stuff aside from just those shoes like
really really cute stuff I'm trying to
get the new iPhone 7 plus so when I do
hopefully I'll order a phone case get
these really cool like named custom
named glitter phone cases that really
really really cute um this might happy
good my stomach kind of hurts
all of a sudden now
they should eating fast food
locked in here
weirdly someone just started hurting
my favorite little perfect
I love this bag I originally has got
like started using it for my surgery
because I kind of carry like the big
heavy bags around but I'm like a sausage
juice and I get something so cute just a
little car haul for you guys and then I
also have my capes makeup that I also
showed you guys before II think the
reference has little eyes to you mmm
not so is more warm T at this point my
gosh it's always been so many pups I'm
really about it taking stuff up from my
car
upstairs I have an order
I'm literally afraid
yes can I get a spicy chicken nuggets
coming just like a five-piece oh yeah
for a corn what okay Elvis out of a
six-piece but people kind of fall no
sauce um yes and then can I just get
some natural cut fries small and can I
get a small um do you have dr. pepper oh
yeah okay so that's our bump it all fit
that's it thank you guys oh shooting a
music video I'm not so stressed about
this music video not like nothing about
restarts I always liked music videos
well I'm not so stressed about this one
because like the outfits are so simple
like they're not custom me like you're
really really simple they're really
really cute and like flattering
um unlike an workhorse underneath um
because lately when music because I have
any lower corsets because the Alpha is
just kind of don't really go with a
corset
my hair girls I'm like a few minutes
late sorry I'm gonna post me a corset I
just thought of that
so lazy White House staff I posted it of
course at for the internet famous
premiere because we genuinely except my
mind and I was like freaking out we
spent hours looking for it and um yeah
we like I was generally like for hearing
about it and like just so happens that I
found an even better whatnot
of course it it's like a waist trainer I
mean I kind of look good - this thing
which I'm gonna get looked at over at
Thanksgiving like break time
hi okay
thank you so much I love you
my god he has ever public I was like
totally checking this girl guys are such
rechecking me out - he's just checking
oh and then Reggie wig and it's
literally stopping traffic - look at the
pink g-wagen oh shit and what that was
it's selling my phone that's on a point
in time people uh Hollywood is weird
don't don't move out here kids
Hollywood fuck I love LA but Hollywood
sucks
hey Laurel he's tough out here a key and
help masked my own song a second behind
my jungle beer I can't help myself when
I see a man in fat farm jeans or Finity
give me some cornrows and drives down
there what's inside your moves really is
a bear cuz I got jungle fever
ah the selca guys here's why G Wagen
literally just like
cool and MVC large which I normally got
this I feel better about myself that
girl was so cute um big one point help
small skinny waist very tan had like hip
huggers jeans with like bungee secret or
is it but but it was like crop oh my god
she was so peeled I love when girls
rescue mom you like I'm always one was
looking
I admire to appreciate like a girl the
girls view
mmm mmm my eat but certainly I've never
been thin an urban skinny I wonder what
it is like you just like a skinny girl
since I walk around with your midriff
out like that
something not go back there a couple
moving around I didn't realize you
skinny I like picking on everyone it's
all I am I'm the other me without going
Dome but I know my body and I'm I'm so
used to my body and like learn to love
my body so it's not real I can envy
think it's more like like a genuinely
curious now losing weight has always
always been a struggle
we should go down here
up over but anyways alright
remember cheating is not angel Luke bong
beam like a pest because they get the
way I chew and eat
so Cheers twenties pretty bomb not gonna
lie so we're warming the email Kolar
with hose to welcome my name's look how
freaking cute it turned out up the color
is absolutely beautiful fresh blow out
weed anymore put a flat iron to it
anything so I'm gonna get style tomorrow
so we just like we dried it and I'll put
right up blow-dried and I'll did that's
quarter guys Oh as always so it's
amazing so keep a little jacket or
outside it's like pitch black - way it's
all completely dark so great meeting and
never left this wanna night it's like
it's so late but really like 2 o'clock
a firearm guys have the blue she's cars
but switch on or Justin Bieber lives
I know that dark in here that if I can
do something but I just feel like it's
for your night tonight I don't know I'm
so tired you guys I'm so tired like I
just wanna go and see like they're just
talking about going out like all that
we're gonna go on with alcohol Bowl
still so sweep the entire plus were
dancing tomorrow and doing a lot of
video corporations and
love me Harry right oh yeah well when I
get fresh color oh so cute thank you
then money stock guys awesome dog oh my
god listen to my car you don't want to
be on a road trip with me no I like
silence in the car when I'm with someone
else on a road trip but if someone else
was like let's play some music Michael
bitch you don't even want me to play my
music and I like I'll play up like ten
minutes like a weird on this music like
you know that's just bitch I am I listen
to show tunes what I do um you guys at
we're going I'm going dancing I'm a
Google not out dancing at a club like
dancing choreographed dancing uh-huh so
I'm sure you music video and like
literally today so I don't really know
what I'm thinking this is gonna help me
with my body but does help with my
confidence so we are doing one of our
traditional hey what's up okay people
stare like literally not my like be
yours and all just like staring right um
like doing dance routines and um yeah
I'm like really nervous for a couple
reasons one I feel like I'm so on ship
is an exercise in literally seven and
half weeks because of how long has been
surgery so I'm very very nervous about
that about like just man longevity and
able to give up second of all like my
memory with choreography and stuff like
that like it is something that like if
you practice you can you can your memory
improves and everything that like and it
definitely has a purpose I still used to
only do like 20 second routines 30
second routines are just like repeat it
and now we're routines are usually like
a minute which is still not like super
long but it's good for me like I mean
eventually I think will go on like
longer routines it's just getting back
into it I didn't make up in here today
so that's the other thing so I was I
love you my hair McDonagh for dance it
makes me feel a lot more confident idea
I don't know I just lose focus we were
sometimes out like I feel like I won't
get some stars because I love it but
because this is so like last minute I
kind of just like I had an outfit for
Britney Spears songs like I've already
danced pretty rose like that um but this
is like
I love this applause butts really
drawing and um and so Sean went was one
of his best friends last night for
dinner and he lost his fault right
Jackson Mississippi
um and so he lost this one which I kind
of figured because I had heard back from
him and as a cave we already had some
orcas he he also teaches on Sundays
which is today so as I hey if I think
too much don't even worry like I don't
trust you have his also choreographing
that in my video my music video coming
up so it's like okay like I don't hist
yet - and he's just doing a lot of shit
and I still want to look exhausted more
over exert himself this I know how he is
when he gets that way he gets really
rundown and he doesn't like like the way
he feels or looks when he's like over
over exerted he always it so very
sitting in shelf so anyways long story
short right so I texted him so hey don't
worry about like whatever I hear from
you but like don't worry about let's not
dance wrong so I cancel hair makeup and
something back says she's like and they
know if I'm not gonna dance like you
know I was gonna film videos anyways but
I was just gonna do my own hair makeup
and so I'll just forget it whatever and
then I got an email this morning and
just like I lost my phone like I'm
bummed like so water dance out like this
is the kind of guy he is like he lost
his bowling eye before yeah like I don't
know if you want to get a new phone like
I don't really know I've not got into
acting out an email saying he would meet
me there because I'd do me to pick you
up oh hey I like just okay random um
it's a doing pick you up or there he's
like well I'll meet you there cuz I'm
suing using your phone
probably um because he lost it yeah that
is one thing he never doesn't mean he
never lose upon me I'm like very very
like anal about like to have phoned we
have this we have four cards sweet like
I'm very very anal about it I'm like
really a knock on where's my wood knock
on wood I'm really really good at like
I've never lost a fall I have cracked a
phone phone like twice and I used to be
like really like says when I knock on
wood because I say I'd never cracked one
of my life and then I cracked it twice
like the past year like shatter
basically with them so huh that was a
long-winded answer for what would we say
so we're dancing I am so not tan because
I can't spray yet cuz I had a little a
little wound that didn't fully heal it's
healing but it's still an open wound
technically so I don't want to like a
spray tan over and I mean I could always
just get someone to take it just like a
band-aid over it which probably yeah but
it's except this weird part of my nipple
wore if I spray tan like Italy it's like
it would look kind of weird if it like
slid over and you saw that for me scan I
don't know I just about that shixin
weird but um yeah I mean I'm missing all
these lights but that's what we're doing
shame I'm going to show June then we are
dancing to Brady really excited about um
but I listen my favorite sports bra I
don't know what like I know it's
supposed to be like obviously like that
but I think in the wash or something it
was too messed up so now it looks like
it looks like it's twisted and doesn't
look comfortable like that looks super
hot right but that like doesn't look
kind of it whatever it's what I was
working with us again I couldn't find
shit or and once again I wasn't prepared
I was filming videos and I like luckily
I did have like hair makeup like done
kind of but not how I normally would
like to dance so feeling a little just
off altogether but we requested it I'm
doing it for exercise and to like work
out feel better
just in my body but luckily I think I
mentioned this video is set in the 1940s
so you get to wear modest dresses and
and this is something that I didn't
conceptualize or visualize my a director
did very very rare almost a
control-freak interior that I let
someone have free raise I have a car
plugin website so charlie guys it's very
rare I last let someone have like free
writing and just doing what they want
because I'm just like that controlling
like not in a bad way I'm a fucking boss
as bitch like I gotta fuckin be
controlling cuz I know what I like and
what I makes me happy and I do these
videos or my my order Tama basically I
love doing them so this one is
completely just I said I want to do a
video for the song I have no concept I
have no visual like my original concept
was completely different my like idea
but like I wasn't play so a lot of time
I just want to see what he came up with
before I start pitching my ideas because
I wasn't but I wasn't like sold on my
ideas I was like super thumbs up if I
really liked it it was completely
different there was no way to mix the
elements but originally firm is this
love never minded meet that bronzer
though Wow Trish early so any better
lighting
really great anyways um my original
ideas like tell you not all cuz I want
you no way to see the video we're like
less behind the scenes of like business
club but it's very like June floating
along on some race it kind of reminds me
a little it gives you a little bit a
tiny little bit vibe of waiting for
tonight by j.lo Mississippi call me I
left my place man and she sees at us but
anyways it gave me a little waiting for
tonight
Oh for some reason I don't know it was
the vibe I felt well I was like well
this is a really modern and hip song for
me so in no way was I thinking 1940s
with the song but what I liked about
that is I the song does not remind you
of a 1940 song at all it's not it's not
what's where angel uses all the time
it's not
literal that's or it's not literal so
you know that like a 94 song was like
Candyman Candyman Candyman like it
that's very like that's literal right
that you put a decade this is not this
sounds like a modern talking to me is
one of my more modern songs that I have
like probably the most but Trent like
Trent song like up-to-date music
sounding so I like to just the
juxtaposition of the 1940s this modern
song me originally idea because I'm so
long Wednesday I haven't talked to in a
nasturtium I live over for like 40
minutes gotta have done so much I can
talk to so much but my original idea was
like I was in a desert like I'm floating
along on a summer breeze and then
there's one line it's like I'm the
Costabile yeah um so I just thought like
a road trip down them you know PCH
highway like then we step on a desert
and I'm a dancing in the desert by
myself with like a long dress like like
I don't know if that's like what I
envisioned while I was recording it but
like again this song this is a song I
almost didn't make of a cut and I
totally had been like okay just let's do
another song cuz I've worked with a
different team on this one and like
obviously like they were a better team
not better they were better they were a
better team and just a lot more a little
more pricier for these songs to get done
just because they worked with like so
many people and they're just I shouldn't
say better they're just more they've
worked they have more on their resume
you know what I mean so it was something
that I was taking very seriously cuz I
was it wasn't just him if you heard all
our short song it was it was pricier so
I was very picky I'm like what songs um
this is from the Showtime EP what songs
I wanted to put on there and this line I
wasn't completely sold on and so I
wasn't sold on it and the writer of the
song was like you know I think this is a
really good song for you I think it's
really different and it's a love song
and I I don't like love songs too much
because I don't relate I'm a tortured
loved soul I feel like I got my I feel
like I'm just always tortured and loved
if that makes sense like I'm happy when
I'm in love I love being in love and
it's great I just I always am a eternal
pessimist when it comes to love so I
don't love love song so I don't believe
in like love is forever like which sucks
I want it to be forever it would be
forever for me but I think a lot of
people do get bored in relationships and
relationships are meant to end and human
beings like just cannot be monogamous
for a long period time I just I truly
feel that way I wish it wasn't that way
I don't think I'm that way but I think
the majority of people are so
pessimistic right so a lot that was like
the thing was like I just don't love
love songs cuz so once again
on that note so you guys are getting
this little backstory so this is so
fucking one great have a lot said um on
that scene no this is a love song for
the video is not what you would expect
it's not a love song video that's all
I'm gonna say it's crazy like this - the
ending is like wow Wyatt like doesn't
make sense it didn't make sense to me
when I read I was like ah but I trust
him so much my doctor is so brilliant
I trust him so much that I'm just like
this is gonna be fucking amazing and
that's gonna be that so yeah so I'm
already out of breath and I'm not even a
good thing so this is great
anyways that's what's the deal and I'm
really really excited for the shoot and
I'm excited to get stay in tomorrow and
film some videos and get a lot of shit
done
so anyways um yeah this car I hate I
hate going longer than 10 minutes on car
bombs especially 10 minutes I feel like
it's a really like long so hopefully
guys
stuck with me on this because I do like
the blogs I just feel like sometimes in
the carpet bit bored of them I hate when
people do all car vlogs there's just one
blocker I really love her she's really
great
she does like only hard blogs now I'm
like bedroom is TV keep going in and
doing shit being able to see how people
are are in public while they're vlogging
including me this bitch right here so
quiet and shy in public so I do like I
like to see that like difference I like
someone in their power versus someone
like going into the store like Carville
uggs are great they're fine because it
gives you time to talk and you like and
just chop your fucking sue next to me
but I like to see people publish I like
that juxtaposition that must be my new
board I feel like I just won of that
word hopefully I'm using it right I love
to my favorite thing is when youtubers
and I'm so guilty of this like I'm not
trying to be Ohio mighty but I love when
youtubers use the wrong words or the
wrong saying it's so I won't even bring
it up for them sure if you watch Olivia
this one girl she did this thing so
completely wrong and like I'm one of
those dumb bitches too that does it it's
just really funny it's just like really
funny and they're like but they say it
with conviction like they know what
they're talking about is like so wrong I
like that's a o Mara
um so yeah so hopefully I'm using
juxtaposition right because you know
maybe I'm not maybe okay so the
Starbucks right here and I can't turn
you guys anymore
yeah we'll take you off I don't know how
much time I have um oh yeah long as
we're going okay see that Starbucks
right there
here's gonna be wobbly could I just kind
of unwind you a little bit that
Starbucks is where me and Jennifer first
fight ever back in January right before
the playground video I didn't trust him
and we were I was getting too close to
him and I just flipped out because I was
scared that I was gonna get hurt and I
flipped out and it was the first time
you see me flip out and I was watching
him cry and that I've been really sad
because he started crying I didn't know
he was a crier you know he's an
emotional person cuz I've never been
around a guy who was a prior before
little bit a genuine choir I was around
my first wife Rosa prior but he did that
for a fuckin sympathy because he was a
fucking actor I learned later on but
anyways yeah that's where we had our
first night well I was in alley and I
was gonna like walk away and he like he
was obviously in his car watching me and
then he like followed after me and like
treacherous rush rush
uh after me and then took me to
Starbucks and at the time I had a
Starbucks gift card I was like never
ending out like literally a couple
hundred ollars on it so I'd always going
to Starbucks and I'm like no it's
completely free because I got this it
was cards like a gift card so I like it
was cost me my mic so we just use making
card I have the card like I mean use it
say no big four it's like a lawyer so
stupid I have a gift card like anyways
that was arbic site but um and we over
at the fight was just me like flipping
out over the video I was just really
stressed it was a dance video playground
was really hard for me because I had
never danced in a video like that before
and there was all these professional
dancers in the video and I was really
intimidated and scared and then I just
got scared and then I got scared of him
and I got scared of our relationship and
everything so I'm gonna listen to some
more show tunes I got nothing but love
gays
like this the forks here so I think you
Fork is going to be to the side push it
you switched it Brasilia my god be
natural
it's not natural
okay hey Oh God slice and full round
is this
you can have it Oh No but that was
amazing
doesn't be offered me no lobster on the
lobster roll wait we should eat this
lobster you without me the obser we're
having one week this Lobster
you guys made the best day okay guys we
hit the best day we did an amazing dance
video
hell I was crazy I look like a douche
bag um he we didn't amazing dance video
and then all right
and then our next music video
tomorrow we shoot him we will hire the
tour dancers this isn't working there
are Indian dancers and until you see the
choreography amazing I have to say I'm
really proud I'm proud of Jason talented
next music video will be shot for that
I'm very proud
you push what proud MUHC we're proud
who's a wish halt prizes the thing we do
wife so she wanted Rock I'm like Miriam
Oh
