my team Oh
oh I have a whole 12-pack of them oh
come on you take a double there's my
sister were facetiming and making mac
and cheese together oh my gosh scary
what was that I don't know did someone
come in oh here mean I'm gonna also vlog
this since I feel like we are vlogging
so like okay we're making mac and cheese
together and I'm just going to see
Holland's in my this is how let's see
him falls from the richest or so you
can't actually buy anything oh she loves
to be that bitch you look good
thanks I told her she should have to be
vlogging because she has her things that
out my battery's dying I filmed all day
on this cameras and on my battery's
dying but okay bye mister denied cheese
before me look you're on the blog mine's
not done yet though
yeah Lee she's going out tonight all
right there we are we're eating together
I was like oh I gotta call Samoas this
is like no we're eating mac and cheese
together I was like okay yeah we were no
I'm eating with you no I just got away
from my to be done what okay so I
snapchat all my like little goodies I
got from Kate Spade I haven't been doing
hauls lately because I always just buy
like a few things here and there but
then I'm not really worthy of a haul but
I want to show this because this was
actually super cute and you guys were
loving it on snapchat so I thought I'd
show you so I got my new agenda for 2017
I am such an old school bitch where I
love to like write things down in my
like agenda like I have a journal that I
like keep my thoughts in but like an
agenda I like and I have a notebook that
I put like brainstorm YouTube ideas but
this is for like deadlines like you know
if I have if I'm gonna dance if I have a
meeting or something like I like to
write down on here if I have like a
sponsored post or something I like to
put it down so I can they physically see
I don't forget cuz phones I don't trust
so this is like really cute inside I
love that there's like little pockets
right here this is like an amazing
quality like this is just gorgeous I
mean it feels like a purse it's like so
gorgeous it's like heavy and it's got
beautiful striping card spot this cute
little face and then they have a bunch
of different months you can buy it
refills for this too but they also have
a to-do tab which is what I really love
to I love to like make lists it's like
it's literally I do not like twice a
week and make lists probably more than
that
birthdays restaurants which I actually
love using this part of an agenda I
don't know like if anyone else uses it
at all but I do because like what I'm
like a hungry and I don't know what I'm
craving I always go in here like for my
favorite like ideas and I'm like okay
and then addresses which I put mostly
like website that I don't want to forget
like we sit shop and stuff like that but
yeah and then has another little flap
here at a place for a pen and then I
ended up getting some new pens this ink
pen set from Kate Spade I don't know how
they write but they were really really
pretty so I thought okay this will be
like really cute
together and then I ended up just
getting a tumblr because I am so
obsessed with tumblers and I thought it
was like so cute a cake for breakfast
like a traditional Kate Spade I just
washed it so it's a little wet and then
this little baby like okay it's like you
all know I don't need another person
actually been pretty good on like not
buying new purses just gonna have so
many like too many but this was so cute
a toy screw my name first well it's just
I love just the whole this like the
whole scene of it it's very like
Broadway you know I love theater all
that stuff like that I really really
also love that says it's all a nap
because everyone always thinks that I'm
like lying about shit online and that
I'm just an axe that I'm not a real
fucking person okay let me try and get
this open now it is a relatively small
bag so you can see it just open like
that it is a pretty small bag it's more
like a pocketbook bag but it's really
really cute I thought I thought of it
more of like a decoration it is my dream
I'm going to be moving soon but it is my
dream to have like at the cathederal Ike
inspired room whether it's an actual
movie theater or just like an office
with like Broadway like my favorite
posters but anyways this is like a few
little goodies I picked up from um Kate
Spade I'm actually going to be putting
some green juice in here now even those
as eat cake for breakfast which sounds
amazing would actually fill this up I
just hand washed a bunch of dishes
because I was going to do this anyways
I'm on my pink stuff like literally guys
I can only eat out pink I don't know why
eat ho pink eat out pink so let's go get
some green juice in here oh this is like
so low can you even see oh so true guys
like little kids sorry you can see ha
hey juice yes so I'm kind of forcing
myself hey guys kind of forcing myself
to drink now this is like not be this is
not like gross gross green juice this is
actually I mean this doesn't have a
sense of how 2% juice you guys can
probably see quicker than I can on the
sugars there is sugar isn't it but it's
not like apples and bananas and Kiwis
stuff that I would normally not drink
broccoli spinach ginger so I am going to
have a cup of that I'm going to try and
fold this up
I try and drink like three waters of
these a day and I'm going to turn drink
one of these a day like it's not look
the most amazing thing but I feel like
it's better it has no sugar added but
they're sure in there okay
put you on this because I feel like here
we go I feel like you just couldn't see
what I'm doing it looks like a
sponsorship for Kate Spade and you could
juice it ain't I'm also gonna be
snapchatting because I rode up chips at
snapchat yes
don't follow me I am Trisha on YT it
says Trisha Paytas there's my little I
don't know you probably can't do it on
the screen huh that's my thing but if
you see like really small underneath the
Trisha Paytas it says Trisha on YT which
is like what you search for but it does
come up to this little ghost thing so by
me on there that's to Sophie I like just
washed I don't know if that Sophie
though I do a quick rinse I like just
washed it so I get the soap out of this
time smell - Sophie shake this up a
little more I used to love these green
juices like back in the day and I was
really good when I drink these because I
don't eat your fresh white for it I have
grapes and stuff and apples but
vegetables off I like this little thing
- that you can like hold on to it so
it's like does it slip okay when does it
expire Oh Jane every second okay nap
chat this might compromise they eat cake
for breakfast but I'm going to be having
green juice for breakfast it's the only
way I can do vegetables guys yeah my cup
my significant breakfast but I'm going
to be having green juice and that's so
funny it actually kind of looks not keel
but that actually looks gross but you
know sometimes you gotta eat gross
things I just feel like mentally it
helps me - so we just just want to snap
don't look at that that's it's a pretty
significant amount of juice because this
was freshly open just now I look
corrected but I wish you'd do a taste
test
I'll look real ratchet guys you guys
gonna see my face or not I forgot new
sunglasses in the mail that I just
opened see oh hey yes this is the
ratchet mess you see like literally I
like and just wake up but I literally
have done nothing I haven't washed my
face or brush my teeth or anything let's
try this out Cheers
a bridge it tastes better in a sippy cup
if you guys aren't like green cheese
people it's good like it is good it's
like not a green drink where I'm what
it's good guys we're on this Parmesan
cheese by the way my tripod it's good
um and it's so much better than a
tumbler I look insane I'm like Nick
Nolte right now so I don't know I take
that down and then I'm usually pretty
full for a couple hours after which so
it's kind of like a not a meal
replacement but I like him honored to
drink out of a funk up - okay you guys
messy the other things that came I'll
show you down my stairs
that's not my stairs then take it up
with me when I go up okay that's an
apron you're going to see in a music
video coming up that's just some clothes
from Nasty Gal bunch of Ettore secret
I'm gonna suss with bra and panties a
bunch of boob tape and pasties right
there but these are my new sunglasses I
got let me just pop a squat right here
this is beautiful beautiful little angle
so they are Mimi oh sorry I might
backlit my hair is like actually crazy
like you know baby hairs um okay I love
the me me oh um like some glass case
yeah
oh they're even prettier person I was
going back and forth upon I should buy
these or not but they're actually a true
pink and person they almost looked a
little peach guys you really completely
backlight you're not seeing this color
it's showing up as like a dark pink but
these are very baby pink no oh yeah
these are cool these are almost kind of
like a little bit mm like the vibe I
like mm-hmm
I love these they're they're like way
cuter in person I hear ya they're like
Elvis very like lightweight actually
either really really heavy frames which
I really like heavy frames but Yogi's
are kind of cute
all right guys we're unboxing um yeah
that's pretty much it but it's gorgeous
and the glitters like inside yeah I love
that that's gorgeous I'll put the back
on look better with him on supply
morning in this kind of Hudson I'm gonna
start organizing and making lists
because I'm a new organizer and I'm so
excited so um yeah I'm gonna out of some
videos and that's what I'm good I'm a
Batman Hans still working he has two
more days of filming hmm
I totally missed like hanging around
with him during the days I see him at
night but missin during the days but I'm
keeping myself busy what did i do before
him like I don't even know nothing
hey guys oh my gosh date night is too
much is this too much
um yeah I am getting ready for date
night it is getting close and so excited
um let me just tell you guys thanks are
going good things are going great
there is nothing more sweet than when a
guy calls and says I made reservations
this is the
we're eating this is we're eating like
literally uh I love it
because I'm such a control freak and I'm
so used to planning things just in
general like I I'm planner always like I
put together like things to do for
people mainly May because like I don't
ever get invited anywhere so I'm Akay if
I want to get my places I want to put
together something so it's nice to like
have that change like to have I don't
know this fast she has been great to
have someone else like plan things and
be like this is the time we're going and
I'm picking you up this does say
anything were some he always picks me up
always even if there is we like the
theatre which is closer to his house we
he'll always come way over here to pick
me up like I'm like go the opposite
direction so sweet like I'm just I love
it I'm saying that I've been looking at
a bunch of butt plugs over here I just
didn't add any video today um but yeah I
don't even know I'm gonna bring my
vlogging camera tonight like I don't
know things have been just going good I
don't need a vlog everything and I don't
know I just I mean I love this outfit
that right I really like living for this
I'm gonna wear black boots with it
actually
that's what's gonna go upstairs to do
what was going up ticket hmm I think I
might've been going up to get chopstick
and something else I thought necessary
to bring you guys with me for some
reason up here just cuz I don't know I'm
gonna bring this camera out if anything
I'll maybe insert some snaps because I
have my phone like it's also just easier
um you know to not carry so much out um
shoot I'm drinking because I almost like
lost my camera and my phone last time it
was a disaster I never what was it
heading up here it's my getting ready
station by the way guys around you guys
want to see how if it really showed you
is my room in a while okay so yeah I
can't really get ready when it's like
dark route because there's like no
natural light I mean I have this light
um but this is my makeup station this is
a palette I've been loving so much the
Natasha de Nonna I only heard of this
through my makeup girl ash but it's such
a pretty palette the only thing there's
no black in it
and I love a good black shadow but I
have been loving this palette I've even
used the colors really that yet much yet
but the bronzes and then this I've been
loving you I saw this when I got it at
the post office the skinny dip by Asia
web and then John Deadshot he gave me
one night when we were going through
stuff
and he had these headshots and I was
like a headshot some of my favorite
people like probably think I'm like a
crazy person because I have like
literally Sean's like number one fan up
here it's old like modeling cards and
stuff oh my god so cute right look at
that
um yes um but yeah then I got this new
Bath and Body Works fragrance magic in
the air which smells really really good
I actually like it more than I even like
some of my other show were at this
tonight
like wakeful fumes which are over here I
feel yeah I'm all I showed you guys my
room it's not really my room is like not
that exciting it's just kind of like oh
hey there's my room but I don't know
I've really been minimalistic as far as
perfumes and jewelry have gone I I got
rid of so much stuff and including
makeup to actually that's all my makeup
right there by the way um and I kind of
like it just cuz I can use everything
like I'm getting use out of things I
don't feel like I'm wasting money and I
just absolutely love all this stuff this
is my jewelry my necklaces all that
stuff so yeah anyways um I came up to
get what did I come up to get all my
black boots right there okay I was like
I came up to get something but I thought
I would just fill you all in and tell
you if I don't belong tonight I wanted
to commemorate me going out it just look
like I feel good and I like I feel like
I look cute and I like these little like
two-tone dress things I think it's very
on-trend and then I got this little top
knot so yeah oh hello there was a naked
church behind me oops okay let's just
slowly back away but oh hey lighting
okay there's lady oh Christmas I feel
like Christmas and I feel like I'm
talking a million miles an hour I'm just
like really excited and um just had to
show you guys my outfit maybe I'll show
you guys when I put my boots on it's
really warm out here actually I was
gonna like wear like a jacket but I like
he says it's like really really hot out
so it's like somebody ate or something
which is crazy for what time is it like
eight o'clock at night so yeah we're
going to dinner I'm so excited and then
who knows we've been loving going out
for drinks lately I love it like you
know we drink a lot but usually it's
like with food or at home or something
but women like in going out for tricks
it's really fun it's just like I
recommend doing it like if you nothing
like we're bored or anything like that
but like if you just wonder like I don't
know how to say it like if you just want
to experience people differently good go
out with them like to a bar like even if
it's not look sometimes we just go to
like low-key bars just cuz like I didn't
atmosphere you can people watch it's
it's fun like I really enjoy doing it's
kind of like our new thing and so I'm
really excited he's been working all
week and I really haven't seen him that
much so I've been a little depressed
this week but I mean we talk and
FaceTime but just not the same so I'm
super excited so alright guys well let's
pray a little bit of this fragrance on
my put you guys down for a second this
stuff smells so good
oh hello great belly shot right there
love this stuff oh it smells so good I
heard your house was like rub perfumery
this is lobbies for some just like
spraying it everywhere anyways I heard
you're not supposed to like rub Springs
so much like a crazy person okay guys
I'm going to shoot some chopstick to one
time Sean told me I had dry lips and
ever since I had like such a complex
about my lips being dry and the great
thing about liquid lipstick well it does
dry your lips liquid lipstick the great
thing by the way I've been loving this
little Instax camera any other new
favorite have so much to show you never
show you guys me room so here's no room
um mmm put you guys on here it's not
gonna be high enough
it's just stack you up I never come back
to never use the shower never used it I
think my brother and sister all used it
when they were here cuz it saved my room
but I've never used it um but yeah with
with um liquid lipstick I was saying the
kind of a great thing it's like you can
put chapstick over it cuz I mean it
badly and the dry rap look good thing
you put some chapstick over if you
feelin a little dry and does kind of
give it a little bit of moisture
moisture
yeah actually it does it does transfer
on to your chapstick but it doesn't
necessarily take it off
getting ready for date night love them
yes I guess love eggs well going out so
much fun but they just put a bit of
transfer on there it's worth it if your
lips are drying them are you gonna do
blob dry lips boobs on fleek and some
pasties on just in case nips like pop
out sometimes and yeah okay I'm get my
boots on andand let's go okay guys there
is the full outfit view with the black
boots in case we decide to go out
dancing I wanted to wear boots
I would wear heels with this normally
but a lot of time we went out dancin and
I was like I should wear black boots so
I think would I go out dance tonight
except and dance like routines and so
long so go out yeah and get some cardio
get right I love these little things so
so cool outfit overview I loved it it
was like a little Valentine's Day dress
kind of but it's cute and I do a shorts
underneath it's just in case you know
I'm like dancin but if you guys are
wondering like what is that it's my
shorts which kind of serves up like
Spanx - do we like do we love him into
it I wasn't even planning on wearing
this like at all but I really liked it
and I edited and uploaded a video that I
had to had to get up oh my gosh guys
look how cute this joke goes though
whatever just like killing time like so
cute like watch put chairs down Tamar
with lighting okay like how cute is this
jacket oh it's like adorable like if it
was cold out I would fully wear this I
feel like a fuller bigger net or a
little bit like um
screaming's you guys like I like is not
the cutest fucking thing ever I am like
kind of obsessed with this jacket I feel
like a Chanel glutton queen is so cute
oh I've no idea where I'm gonna wear it
I don't want it yet but I like this
oh I will get dirty like really easily -
like if you better like never take this
jacket off because if you take it off
high get dirty or stolen or something
alright guys and I haven't haven't even
had full but I have a haven't even had I
haven't even had a pre date drink mm-hmm
I haven't cuz I got to turn last time Oh
what did I drink before so I want these
cups to wear my glasses
this one says wine not and this one says
I love Jesus but I drink a little trip
oh my gosh look at these selfie cookies
that actually gave to me oh my god
they're so cute they're actual cookies I
cannot wait to taste them thank you so
much girl I love
whoo you guys I'm so excited for these
anal trainers from ebony calm I am
really really excited I'm gonna start
with a small one first so basically if
you're not an anal sex person or you're
like scared the useful train your
butthole to like expand and not be so
scared of objects going into your butt
so I'm going to try it out
but my newest favorite wife erratum me
the Westly rabbit now what those beads
oh and when I said now what I meant
now waterproof take this in the back
with you and have a fun fun night
you
okay guys I'm trying something like
different and I
is called freaks the phrase say you
don't even thank you
oh and we got you YUM Oh mister get you
man no I do have it I do have it are you
I am
wait
so yes I have a warmth you're guessing
you
you
you
