a fresh flow out and I'm Camille at the
worst post office in LA it's okay I want
to get back in seven so I've been
recycling my old phone cases but people
cleaning my house so I'm literally just
out service unit or suburb this whole
kids on today I'm a little ratchet but I
feel really clean I love my 15 here like
it can cover the world so much my mini
first versus lately I can love me little
backpack I love the mini precision
because um they're just not easier to
carry and like they don't this trip back
there's like less things size carry
cards keep blogging camera
this really could be sweater from
American Eagle I've been getting sweet
roses on it
that was actually extremely fast I had
to put you get down real quick because
she came back with my packages like
super quick usually really slow um a
song would open up my packages it's
actually really warm here in LA chill
which is odd so you see what I got some
packages here see where I put you guys
can do an unboxing you're on an
operation game right now okay
personal making it was your honor
operation I love opening my boxes it
says even wings up so I really want to
know what that says it's really light so
order things late at night you can't
even see me sometimes that were
completed
you know what this girl I met I was like
what did i order she didn't put a card
in I said look inside oh maybe there's a
card in here I met her at the belly
hayride literally like a month ago and
she wanted to send
she makes these spongy Pumas I know it's
lighting like sucks and she like blings
them outright
I shouldn't put hard
oh yeah she wanted to send me these
she's been emailing me and like
messaging me and I guess I just didn't
see him or something it's called bling D
up so like blinged up but no e in
between so bling D up calm instagram @
bling D up
she sent a note to I'm so happy to run
into you a day at the Halloween hammer I
almost lost my breath tryna catch up to
you but I'm so glad I did I follow you
religiously in love your personality's
all for that I'm happy to gift you with
these blank slides iPod it's in the way
but I hope it's worth the wait oh okay I
can't lose this I always this is really
nice I honestly don't accept normally I
don't accept like gifted things I don't
like to feel obligated but I just knew
how cute they would be and they're like
adorable so you can get those fat blinky
out and I thought that was really nice
of her and really sweet of her and she
was really sweet and I met our person
which was also a different story cuz oh
you're just gonna you get a sense of the
who the person is then I got another
package I thought it's really cute can I
open those because I'm actually it's not
perfect that I opened those
I should opening packages in LA
for an MLA parking lot nice area it's
fine
this is
I'm a good vibe relaxed today to have to
make myself busy while my house is
getting cleaned
ah
this is beautiful I've been obsessed
with dandelion necklaces lately this is
really really gorge I'm actually gonna
put this on
so pretty
you guys seem
so cute ah dandelions I've always been
lucky for me like I used to blow on them
all the time I was like a little girl
like wish for things that actually have
now surprisingly not like a g-way and
but you know what I mean like I just
stuff that I now you're not gonna be
able to balance I love you know Lyons so
much
today and then this package has been
back here since literally like the
summer comes your way
open and highlight both lost supplies so
back in so hot obviously since the
summer
crazy crazy heat waves
all right this package is literally an
unopened whole package I cannot get this
open I don't know why the stupidest
thing I've ever seen I have it all the
time and I can't even pitch
oh my gosh this tape is actually quite
ridiculous though
Phil applause one lipgloss
okay that was great long wear lip topper
mg way more put this my first because I
don't forget it back here in skinny dip
to really put me bronzy color actually
Brad I ordered it it's really pretty
alright that was the exciting Adventures
of unboxing you guys I'm not only doing
much today I'm also really trying to
kill time because I only have that much
to do about going bra shopping but the
bra shop is so far from where I love it
was an adventure but we'll see how it
got for my eyebrows well right all right
so now we're going to great eyebrows why
ourselves exciting my Sean's working on
a TV show all week I'm like so happy for
him of course because he has like a
speaking role he's not too dancing
either he's like acting which is what he
wants to do more of oh my gosh so funny
you guys this person next to me
it's a convenient I went on a date with
like literally like seven years ago I've
done videos bottom we went on one day
and was awful he found out I was
celibate cuz he saw a vlog of my during
the day and I got it so fun he's like
right next to me
he doesn't matter praise me at all can't
miss him anyways I don't even know what
s blobbing about but it's funny we don't
zoom in are you're zooming in that's
true to me out all right guys this
lighting sucks so I know you know what I
was saying about like I was gonna say
something warm but really not that
important all right guys oh these prints
OH
see how it goes
all waxed up I didn't show at this time
cause last time I showed everyone was
like oh my gosh she's not doing it right
it's not sanitary look don't like not
get my car real quick
oh goodness gracious I appreciate
everyone's concern I do but here's the
thing everyone next 4-iron online on the
internet everyone's an expert on
everything you guys I've got my eyebrows
and my lips wack lip upper lip waxed
since I was 15 years old at these kind
of places I never had a breakout around
there I never had a rash never heard I
browse file off my lips well off nothing
crazy with my skin so I think it's okay
and if it's not I'll figure it out I'll
fix it like up what people are so crazy
like these places are obviously in
business I appreciate the concern but
just real quick not too often I can jump
attack often and it
this makes me my own parking meter guys
coming I think just turn around to cuz I
have 15 minutes and I was probably my
like 20 minutes um
this speaks me it makes people not want
to share things I could probably drive
to the bra store I think when I go to
the bra store anyways I'm gonna drive
and then whatever but this makes you
will not want to share things when
people like just harp on everything you
do but I don't know how mommy bloggers
do it because like everyone has advice
on like raising their child I would like
skill I would string someone anyways I
want to get going cuz there's a little
ways way so just you know I like the
comment I like I appreciate concern but
oh my god like it's like every little
thing really hey I'm just complaining
mood today
I'm actually not actually a really good
weed but it's um I was reading some
comments posted a weed video a couple
days ago and like definitely do have her
talk about we and I'm talking to you too
because I got everyone gets fucking
pissed if you even say like I don't you
know we thought for me fuck you George
it's the best fucking thing everything
just buger really really crazy other all
right off to the bra store because it is
abnormally hot here in LA for November
it's like middle of November and I'm
like so what team
and like a tank top and my air on like
what is this so much bond snapchat I was
trying to have you guys on snapchat
guess what wide annalen dandelions are
so special to me and why they are so
lucky to me yeah no one has actually
gotten it so I'm going to pose it to you
guys I didn't think I mentioned in the
video in 2007 but the video might have
been taken calm which I gotta feel bad I
like Turkey guys on the quality was
changed they're all like what does
someone just sat there from all my
videos from 2007 which were a lot
because they should post a lot back then
too luckily they were short they were
like 60-second video because my camera
only recorded 66 with footage and I had
no idea how to edit um it's so weird
right um and I'm sorry if I'm like
listening and sweaty to go to different
colleges I have a lot to do I'm going to
do all that around Thanksgiving break
just cuz I'm gonna watch timer on that
time but yeah anyways I'll pose it to
you guys because I know I've mentioned
it in the videos in the past but I know
it was like at the beginning of 2007 so
it didn't happen up anymore but it does
anyone remember I would be shocked if
anybody was with me truly since she
wasn't 7 because you know how long ago
was that
that's literally almost 10 years ago so
a lot of you guys are like 15 like who's
going to be watching YouTube at 5 so
it'd have to be someone around like my
age probably
and then like who would remember that
fat you don't mean like I'm a hardcore
fan I'm so many people and like I don't
remember like backflow no I do I guess
like I know my dad had some wears purple
socks and like I guess I do but it's a
different thing I'd be really really
impressed though so comment below if you
know or if you think you know - I think
it's funny
I think it's funny like people are
actually so invested in want to now like
I don't know for me it's something like
so stupid I'm just like let's I'm not
that big of a deal but because
everyone's making it such a big deal
like I've never gotten more snaps about
it it makes you like really excited cuz
we learned is like a tell us what it is
like I can't find the video um so I
really do that a cliffhanger cuz I am
NOT one of those youtubers who is who's
like in like two weeks I'll let you know
like I'm gonna leave into the Pancras I
don't ever have fingers I never have
surprise announcements about our real
surprises so anyways it just made me
really really happy I don't know I just
may be happy that someone was so
interested in something so stupid like
who fucking cares Trish that's why what
a lot together is a who fucking cares I
have the cutest little blonde siapa
oh this bag is just to die for it's like
my favorite purchase I've ever made I'm
obsessed with mini bags many pink bags
like Gucci has made one she thought she
has made some mini ones I am like
obsessed I have so many mini Pete bags
it's so funny so don't wear pink all
that often I do have my pink sweater
behind me it was chilly in my apartment
but it really really really hot out
today like warm
so anyways I'm off to find some Neil Oh
God
I don't know what it is I just feel so
much better I have my hair wash you
should just not be a lazy bitch
shouldn't wash me or more often because
it really doesn't make me feel like 10
times better I was kind of feeling gross
and sluggish last day or two I have not
been walking so that gas tank
oh hey person sensor around the window
which freaks me out watching food pasty
I don't know could see this person's arm
out the window if we raise young people
do that I just know you can't see you're
like hands to a passenger um it's like
she has it out like yeah I guess no I
don't know it scares me when people do
that like even if i'm like in the car
with someone doing that like oh my god
put your arm in because I just I don't
know I have like visions of like it just
being like ripped off red cars I think
it's just cool
anyways oh my god she's in she it's like
it's like straight erect out like just
try this i have a bad vision that that's
just gonna get decapitated or something
not to catch it except the head but like
d armed that's really really scary sunni
makes me like nauseous think of all oh I
hope that creeps me out but
all right I wanted to turn you guys on
cuz I was bored but if I'm more that
means you're all on board so I'll see
guys when we have something exciting to
report this is where the bra shop is
like look how cool this area is in it's
like jeanette bras i love you so much
you guys have bushi bras and you are not
cheap at all super expensive I'm pretty
sure one of my shopping trips could pay
for your rent here because you as our
super bougie nice concept and every time
I come down here I get really scared and
I lock my doors 20 hundred times not
because of necessarily the people but
why do all these businesses have bars
and why is there trash everywhere and
why is there like literally 50 homeless
people on one corner
you guys know cute that my car matches a
store I'm going into right now
this is jeanette bras
literally the cutest was ever at their
slogan camel ICS itself it starts at D
so if you have big boobs you live in LA
this
place you want to go cute got some pink
yeah I like the leopard one a lot okay
we are at the second lingerie place of
the day and it's also pink it's called
trashy lingerie and it matches my car to
a tee it's like actually really funny um
red this place now we had I really want
a sexy bra I have a lot of like
supportive you know new black white bras
I need a sexy mama bra for when I want
to feel sexy mama so we are at the sexy
mama shop on La Cienega closer to my
house how do i ah so funny how my car
matches exactly good taste
I guess store as a carry bras for big
busted women how to be pink
only short like shopping or char they
stop and only stores a shop mm oh my
gosh you guys I love days like today
where it's like Hudson and I have
nowhere to be I think I'm actually go to
the grocery store by myself - and not
post meat it
it's really really key watch
is not like so adorable
so cute at the store
this eggnog device
and one and I'm also bad I look so good
I love it
