guys it is Halloween night here in West
Hollywood I'm reading the fuck out
normally I would have just like stayed
in and chilled but Shana was having a
little get-together and I was invited
and I always bitch I'm not invited
anywhere I was like Oh getting invited
up go except where um so yeah it's crazy
I'm passing Santa Monica Boulevard which
has the big Halloween parade it says
over a half a million people show up I
don't even know if it's true
we're driving around another stop light
my thing goes out of focus too much when
I have it on my thing but anyways yeah
so he said when I get together and I'm
like um SuperDuper excited and Drew's
gonna be there haven't seen drew in so
long so I'm just really excited to see
my friends and catch up I miss them so
much
I've a Hello Kitty onesie on I don't
even I was a costume party but I was
like it's Halloween and this is like
kind of costume kind of not so no one's
wearing a costume I'm not going l was a
Playboy bunny outfit showing up me like
what the fuck you're a freak
but people are not so much oh I'm Hello
Kitty cos has a Hello Kitty hood on it
so yeah that's my Hawk whooping costume
416 this time last year I made a video
about fucking asshole douche bag in my
life
not this year what a difference a year
makes
I'm actually like so happy in life right
now I wasn't even happy before all that
like I wasn't content with where I was
it was a weird transition time for me
this time last year um but then again
life is one big transition time like I
feel like it's still kind of in some
whatever sort of transition finally some
happy and like content um even if it's
not like an every aspect of my life and
the aspects that count which is love and
light and love just love of all kinds I
feel really loved and I feel really
I feel really happy and loved by yes
subscribers and family and lover and
friends you know I feel like love
there's just joy in the world in my life
which is good and I'm basking in that
moment so this looks so Pakman here
Thanks
what alright guys your votes not
dragging you guys look at this amazing a
cake show you got this from Susie cakes
and Ellen's been eating it and I got my
dinner late so I'm in it you know okay
we'll try this cake it's confetti cake
she's like an uncooked Roy come grow up
to be a hero in the scholar the total
founding father without any party guys
this is who I'm voting for
I'm Election Day Hamilton I just go into
a follow-up doctor's appointment six
weeks post-op I'm running a little late
but I'm super super casual because I
just wanted to be comfy but I did
finally get my ugg boots in I have a few
more pairs I'll show you guys when I get
back after unboxing but I just open
these because they were comfy and they
are the classic car D from ugh he's my
favorite style and they are just so so
freakin comfortable you guys I just had
the best drive down ever listening for
Hamilton's on track all the way down
these are symmetric at sound track
giving you you never seen the show if
you don't like musicals you guys need a
downloading Ableton I mean I feel like
it is definitely something that people
like are they don't obviously like a lot
of things but it's so fun when you meet
someone who else like other people who
know the sound track me like oh my god
you know it - it's really really fun
like this little cult thing but yeah
anyways we're back at cos Medicare I'm
down here literally every week but
published last week it's been exactly
six weeks today that I got my boobs done
I feel great and I have a small
festering the spitting sutures last time
and so they covered it up so they're
taking off that serious every day
hopefully and hopefully everything's
okay not affected I didn't get sick or
anything so I don't gets infected
because I did have an infection Lasky's
job and I got really fevery and sick so
I think this is so how long to see my
hair sticking up in the that brush door
again do you have it thing I'm so
comfortable and I need McDonald's I made
heartfelt exactly ha ha I have two music
videos coming up so I got choice I
looking better not like exercise
trans Medicare
elevator music I make elevator music can
we do any music blood such a rapper
kicks back and far such a cute waiting
room okay early check-in it's usually
gets messy so fast I had this like so
clean I'm also messy Murphy my house say
hey guys I literally knows I was making
it my mental had forgetting I was
bulking hey guys what's up My Chemical
Romance shirt on I feel a little like I
could be getting sick so I just wore
this out to my meeting orders we have
Starbucks across the street but I wear
this to meet with my manager and more of
the team which I was super sad about if
you guys watched this Megan anne-marie
and Katie I love it so much they're so
pretty and so we have been so trendy I
think I might be people anymore like
everyone so hip and trendy young here I
should probably start being hip and
trendy what I'm not first things first
bullshit green holiday cups fuck on the
red ones
I got a scene even watching as I'm
really I'm really trying to like cut out
unnecessary calories I also got a really
cool show you see where I'm digging look
at this it's like this really cool Los
Angeles mug with this blonde girl
Laurent and it's all pink and pretty and
then I have a bunch of Bath Body Works
stuff that just came in the mail
refills guys around and how pretty all
these candles are this one is gorgeous
the magic in the air candle is you guys
end I think opposed I can exercise now
after six weeks of my implant and left
but like everyone's having to take it
really easy and dancing I want to dance
so that's my exercise but I don't know I
wanted to like lifts and stuff I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to bet oh it
sucks but anyways cuz that's like really
excited I thought maybe this Friday that
we could dance but like my favorite
thing is getting like tosser on and like
throwing up and doing cool list cuz I
wanna dance with a starting feeling of
these studs like I'm doing workout but
I'm like honey be careful I don't have
your implants but I don't think don't
pop your implants you don't want to
misplace them or their see knows there's
the wounds are still healing you don't
work nope I'm not really sure what
exactly but all the above scared
me also got this imagine the air shea
butter from a handsome and really dry as
well as magic in the air
buddy sprite which I love buying sprays
almost more perfumes anymore
and then I got some candles and soaps
for Shaun and air plugs for his place to
make it smell good go over there but
yeah so now I got answered a bunch of
emails and definitely clean this house
do wander II that kind of bullshit um
and that's where all this junk food as
much candy still from Halloween yet that
I keep eating and try not to do sugar um
I could look like to eat every watt for
drinks like I'm try not to drink alcohol
on my own like by myself I'm not trying
to push me by myself and I'm dope not
turn eat desserts by myself which I
always do and I overindulged all that
don't alright that's how I'm doin saying
oh I had any uh good smoosh you guys
this is really messy I've been opening
up so many boxes okay so showed you guys
does when I went out to my - from
yesterday but these were the other new
eggs that I got in I had these before
and I also had these before but I can't
find them and they're probably old
anyways and I loved with them so much I
ordered them those were the uggs awards
Colorado I got some black in the car tea
and I mean also got these these are like
a new color these are like a soft gray
and I'm probably fold them down like
they show tart butter and if I fold
those down but I got a bunch not boots
I'm so excited excited comfy and one
