misson blew me day in West Hollywood in
hate music I was crazy I had to come out
get my nails done
it's holiday weekend but I was doing so
over my Halloween nails I don't know you
know for Halloween s do the following
happens however having said that I'm
gonna buy the last-minute costume
celebrating with some friends tonight
and I'm celebrating with Sean tomorrow
and almost uh since sale that painfully
sell video Halloween like when he gets
here I'm like sorry this is like not
focusing they're coming back here I
don't like home you know it's a weird
thing there we go
then get some pumpkins about mediums not
that grown that chrome ish people just
got off the elevator
go hide in the swimsuit section whoa-hoo
swimsuits
they have so many out but they're cool
right they're better than the Chrome I
had before those pink ones just like
chrome Chrome I really love it
you guys I don't even hang out tonight
it sound like a good idea and I hate
saying no to people but I'm always like
no I'm busy no I'm tired but I'm really
just frickin tired and I really just
want to finish writing my book that I've
that I started few years ago and I
worked on last night not even a
connection oh yeah - I love all this
Christmas stuff yeah
I love it when hottie is not even over
and I like let's start proving that next
holiday shit it's true
just like fashion passions always like
ahead it's never like on you know what I
mean yeah it's like YouTube - everyone
does like hone your videos and like
September and they're like Holly it's
here I was like fuck honey let's get
ready for Christmas I see the Halloween
section yeah I don't even know like
something going on I have a million
costumes in my house but the thing is is
they always have set this every year if
I just have all year round like I'd love
to dress up I love to dress like people
all year round
so when Halloween comes around it's like
everyone does it I'm proud of it and I'm
like uninspired because I'm like yeah
everyone's like trying to do it now so I
know I'm one of those people such a
hipster you guys I've been on this
Halloween section like in caucus so I
don't like going out I got inspired
these costumes don't put the kids
there's none for adults left
my father's Boulevard keep going up
there on a Saturday and I know it's a
new super crowded because it's like the
night at the Halloween parties will I
even make an outtake I don't know I'm
already stressed about it I want to just
show me it sounds so much better but I
need to enjoy this youth that I have
left because there's not much of it and
I get a lot of my early youth from
stupid old man all right adventure
continues all right guys
my car is parked back there for 30
minutes about 25 minutes into the
costume on Hollywood Boulevard and it is
filming people
there's lots of costume stores on here
so it's gonna be so easy to find
something but ha oh my god that's so
cool
so many youtubers go there it gets like
escape out of the rooms
ah my god I want to go there fun maybe
convince my friends to go there tonight
that'd be really fun rather than a club
you might go insanity right now but
costumes think anyone like freaky
yes
okay guys superstore wasn't to suck six
out so excited everything is opened over
like shock I probably have a cute
costume at home I'm just like at home
mmm but I just thought what just a cape
I don't know just Halloween how is the
never fun for me last you probably party
really sucky it was fun until it got
real stuck we don't attend bad luck for
me okay guys this is the outfit I am
retro Catwoman you guys every year I
dress like a slut for every day I just
like it's less so I thought for
Halloween completely covered up and
honestly I didn't know what the fuck to
be and I wasn't feeling like all sexy
okay according to wear skimpy so
whatever it's basic bitch but like I'm a
basic bitch and so I might actually we
have a couple friends but actually we
keep up with my makeup artist Ari and
her hubby so this might people at night
I'm super I'm super excited it is gonna
be a fun day I know it is um you know
just always gets me like actually going
to okay hello okay speaking of which I
have to get going but I thought I'd show
you guys what I got my boobs are popping
out of this so much like I thought it
was from free people so that was gonna
be like really like loose and baggy in
the boobs because pre people usually is
and it ain't
what's up guys it is a rainy day here in
LA and I got my nice cozy sweater on and
my name is cozy pants on and we're gonna
get nice and cozy I'm picking up going
under Sean's when picking up food for us
first and being the postmates today
because I post like all the time no
matter where I'm at I'm post meeting
like even in our dance studio whenever
we dance was post meeting I just I'm a
lazy fucking bitch and I'd love to post
me but since I'm out already and it's
raining and postman takes forever to his
house for whatever raised it and doesn't
like how it buzzer thing like it takes
it's just more work so like I'll go be
the post me today some movie the post me
you guys I'm literally gonna be ordering
like twenty hundred tea sauces like one
thing about him I think you guys gonna
scare it up I don't care what anyone
tell your newest he is so much work a
cheese sauce like more cheese sauce than
me I eat a lot
he taught me the logic awesome um the
battery time but that's okay because
he's seen cameras people always go there
um sorry you guys are all this lumpy
ride
these are bumpy road shit
anyways that is what I'm doing today I
was singing I'm Hamilton guns and ships
I'm obsessed with Hamilton duh
but we all know this on this channel
it's so hard that Lafayette it's a
Lafayette song where's Ike laughs I am
it's called guns and chips I called
Lafayette song but I can't get it like I
know it and it's like she says it's so
fast and I'm a fast talker but I love it
so much I just know that confusing
confounding the British henchmen
everyone give it up for America's
favorite fighting Frenchmen laughs I
yeah I'm taking the horse with the reins
with the Redcoats where the blood stay
his Lafayette through the river that
part is like so hard like I know the
words I can't I can't get it but anyways
say miss the Taco Bell down there I
think it did I hate that when you like a
street off no anyways that's rainy so
everyone here in LA like flips out oh no
I didn't there's the Taco Bell oh my
goodness gracious I'm so excited you
guys there's like so many people walking
in the rain and bricks McKern do you
think actually would have good people up
great deal like it's like scary to do
soon you guys I can't believe it I
thought I missed the Taco Bell and now I
have it and I'm really excited and now
I'm gonna order 20 energy sources but
you guys might die cuz we're better he's
always watching I for whatever reason I
don't even know why I was singing the
Hamilton soundtrack and I was just
recording it for my own purpose to see
how I would improve but yeah this is oh
I'm so excited oh my god I'm so excited
um yeah what comes next
now you're free awesome Wow
do you know nude have been snap let me
know you're on your I know that let me
order and then hopefully guys hi I'm
good thank you
um yes can I please get three soft tacos
the only meat and cheese no lettuce then
can I get six nachos and six cheese's
better that one more time six of the
nachos and cheese sauce yeah chips and
cheese um can I get seven of those
actually yeah um and then can I get a
chicken quesadilla um can I get a cheese
pizza with breadsticks
yes please
yeah what kind of trick for you um can I
get a coke with that yeah that's fine um
can you have a the Baja blast the frizzy
no right now it's already we only have
summary farmers of the area breeze okay
I'll just need a Diet Pepsi then - yeah
with
right um yeah but I also need a separate
one just regular Pepsi and then and then
can I get the order of the dozen
Cinnabon delights set up on the life
support pack as well
12-pack sweet yeah that looks like it's
it if you're ordered for eggs on
straight yeah it looks good hey 32:45 go
ahead
okay thank you so much I'm really really
hungry when am I not really hungry
so just a mean comment judges all you do
is duck your face on that so discussed
like before like she's getting so me in
the comment section like sometimes I get
really really nice and then they start
getting really really mean I was like
really intense you've been really upset
all the time why you don't know just
like they're like no I was like okay
because everyone tells me like maybe it
may be just as amplified on camera that
I sound obnoxious I don't fucking know
what is the others honking Georgia sings
that's what comes next but because I
love the other one
it's not you guys gonna die you guys
don't even care what I'm talking about
anyways I feel like any get just
chitchat all day you leave that you
won't comes next
you guys we just filmed a fashion show
it was really funny I was really happy
about it I was like we even got a video
in a while so it's like let's film like
this fashion show video and then we had
some Taco Bell
what should I saw it oh it cut off at
the Taco Bell and we have this little
bottle Oh Jack Daniels and if it's
little it doesn't count you're not
enough holic so anyways we're watching
about undo something but I have my nice
camera so I was like what yours around
your house okay I love taking pictures
of people I think it's like so much fun
so that's what we're doing he's like
cleaning or some shit
and so my outfit today was from few
people I couldn't really show you this
dandelion necklace keeps getting caught
in metaphase oh and there is Tommy naked
cleaning but anyways that's what we're
doing and it's raining kind of gloomy
and I kind of love this weather
Sunday Funday drinking wine so way to go
out you're cleaning to health in he's
cleaning himself I don't mind as we go
in now super excited
so be out okay
he wasn't such a noisy neighbor I did
you my area always has lollipop doors
like so over it
um but I was I just realize that's
moving out so cool um I was going
through the snapchat filters I am
obsessed or subject beyond obsessive
that it's so cute and then we're
watching um
videos of dancers he auditioned it was
so good more learn the query I want to
do that not to audition just to learn
cuz I'm just dancing hopefully this week
or next week I can get back to it I'm
just like scared
there's so Nepali thing or misplace
anything yeah cuz that has all those
clothes on it so mad if I showed you
it's like so my CDs only something
feeling sound like anyway it's hopefully
will just me saying and like it's I
don't know arm to him but would his
diaper on a slaughter don't worry guys
I'm just gonna go out like tits McGee
doesn't realize like how much how much
removes this was it's really really cute
but a little bit was like lingerie
Teddy's pop in there right right
for long
Shawn what are you doing
why is look at this handsome stud with
you
oh my gosh this is gorgeous
by dropping those and dances for golf
every day garbage he's hungry we're
hungry right now I can't see it it's so
aggressive whatever you say anything you
order you guys look so bright in this
camera is actually really late right now
I don't nurse the oil looks so bright on
the camera
I missed the BAM I'd rather him say BAM
all the time then you wish I said BAM
hey should we go to pink taco where's
that on sunset
oh I never it is a Mexican food I got a
pink taco right there in between he's
gonna
yeah that's literally a vagina know that
the building is literally in the shape
of the vagina no which was in the same
boat for China really no I'm kidding
it's not much of a vagina you see what
you see on what she believes what I call
pink chocolate busting there's our big
car
here looking all for compound words you
this is what the outside looks like you
guys
make it a temporary fucking love shop so
much that's the way they present like
black snake
never forget
ah
