you guys I did a bad thing putting
cookies in this look I've eaten like I
already half of that well my other candy
is still pretty full high height a
puncher
calling all Sonic and he's like so full
still these cookies are like happy and
and I had filled it to the top so I
can't cookies in my house like I beat
them so much and they are just so
convenient so I'm having cookies and
lemonade for breakfast
I'm actually on my way to kind of fill
that up but I love this mug it's so cute
oh my gosh she wasn't like moving on
your own that's so weird that I'm not my
hands okay
that's so weird but my hands are right
here oh my god so weird in her anyways
scream queens cut and it does have a
little bit I'll show you guys in a
second but I love having lumbering it in
the morning with cookies it's so good
mmm
three little drinks I don't stop at
Starbucks and do a lot mouse backing
eyebrows wax this morning you pick up a
package then just goes on like that
about this cute little tumblr guys put
that my package relatively Fame list
hopefully this will be to be my eyebrows
on a Mother's
so ugly so Charlie
check them out
this is much better than threading and
like waxing so much better easier
cheaper yeah
Oh
that's that mustache all right guys
final wax oh I love fresh eyebrows and a
fresh mustache ready for the decade I
just totally spilled my crotch of my
skeleton pans they have no napkins so
it's like gross it's with your jumper
I've been like living in this jumper for
days guess it's time to wash it oh my
god trust me my dear I live in an
apartment I just like the car lot thank
you yeah thanks so much you too I wanted
to be singing to that drive-thru but I
was reading comments on the blog today
where I was thinking through a
drive-thru and I was like Trish are you
seeing these drive-thru like hoping they
think you're gonna be it like a singer
and like everything you're gonna get
like discovered through a drive-thru
bitch I was just doing written mature
I'm like what
no you seen cuz I'm always saying they
were super nice I'm going back down I
think already told you I'm going to a
doctor's appointment
okay lots happening and I'm not gonna
use new stitches or stapled up just like
you know the long drive down skin a
little a little breakfast oh we're so
happy when they see this car makes me so
happy it's just like like wow you love
it like it's actually more so I mean you
can like a couple here doesn't go why
would she do that her car but those like
here it's like seriously they even got
some Donald's and this girl in the car
with her baby like there's like wow like
that most people are like really cool um
and let me to see if this posted
look around look around huh look at me
now that's one um he's like um look at
boner what is the who's when are you
saying
um BRR you disgust me I see you disgust
me
I'm a trust-fund baby you can trust me I
love that line um and then she goes we
hold these truths to be self-evident
that all women are created equal and
when I meet Thomas Jefferson I'll compel
include women in the sequel work
I love Angelica Skyler Skyler Skyler
sisters this guy we're sisters right
anyways I'm on my way down miles take a
slight left turn to merge onto i-405
towards Long Beach
I love that there was a McDonald's on
the way I didn't think there was how
lucky we are to be alive right now
history is happening in Manhattan and we
just happened to be in the greatest city
in the world trying to learn ships and
guns from Hamilton Lafayette give it up
for America's favorite fighting
Frenchman Lafayette likes pressing my
hand hmm
why is that wet nobody got up and right
with their briefs and I said you want to
ask to double check I just got the egg
and the bun so boring anyways that's
what we're doing guys Cheers the
Hamill's in I've been obsessed a bit
that's a bum I've lin-manuel Miranda at
the stage door with these people who
have a channel dedicated to Hammel Jim
can you recognize them from when I was
like the sweetest thing ever
he's like final stage of Hamilton
obsession is at the stage short and he
like held their vlog your mom's time
he's everything all right guys I'm gonna
eat it won't subject this channel to my
smacking and swallowing better what it
ate so much salt autism appeared in
confounding British henchmen everybody
give it up for America's favorite
fighting Frenchman Lafayette I'm taking
the horse by the brains with Red Bull
Twitter the bloodstains lap oh yeah I
love it
I'm generally surprisal bigger I was
snapchatting seen particular like nobody
really likes exactly Oh
literally have my appointment I'm in
here looking for that card they give you
everybody I get my wedding ring yo my
wedding ring on my finger and me hold us
here away look at the beautiful view say
on the ocean which I love love are you
Josh Hamilton is just so so good I just
absolutely love so we are there's like
this whole underground like a Hamilton I
mean not underground it's like
mainstream but like there's a bunch of
like high schoolers and stuff but I've
never even seen the place like they have
this whole like this channels are
dedicated to Hamilton I think it's
really cool I just do that as a team I
think you made channel to Quentin
Tarantino hope you notice me and guess
what eight large Oh feels beautiful
today well anyways we're going for
another check out hopefully everything's
good I am now 5 weeks 2 days post-op yay
this is where I go into all the time I
will show you guys my face when I'm
walking in and I have my Rihanna Fenty
first live which I just saw the spring
it my hair looks crazy bad joke before
tonight um I mean I should start I just
saw the new Rihanna once for spring to
my seventeen and they're like silk like
ribbon boat ones and not that I don't
know it worked this time I really pull
it open
dad look at this out there though
yes Salatin haka yes I am I hire ideas
album so funny
give me early for once and then like a
lemonade on the crash
oh my gosh this outfit is giving me so
much 90s realness got myself together
put on some makeup
the sliding my kitchen is no bueno for
the makeup the makeup actual is WOM just
this kitchen lighting sucks hmm um but
yeah this outfits like poppin literally
found on the floor in that like hoarding
room got my Clinique happy ready spray
as I walk out the door we're doing
dinner movie tonight and I'm like loving
my outfit and my jacket I just tried on
I just got this jacket from Topshop and
of course we're Michael Kors leather
backpack which I love so much I don't
know three leather I don't like it as
it's cheap
all right ready CD outfit all right
here's Al Fateh head-to-toe
I said Donna Martin 902 1 ho vibes on
Instagram I feel like people literally I
mean I get it that's like even a little
bit before my time and no idea does
talking about it's just like a 90s thing
I mean it doesn't really look like me
Donna Martin was like a stick so Donna
Martin had some curves to her I still
have no - no ice always went dressed
like them so just a nice inspired I did
my own makeup how did I do young I like
that I think it's pretty sick I can't
talk today for some reason
and of course my battery's dying of
course are I'm gonna try and charge all
before I head out always always when I
do dinner - movie nights all right peace
oh that's a chilly wait no on the side
do what are these things
red pepper oh those are peppers jr. I
just been in ok literally sweater huh
to the face okay um we are having dinner
because the dinner comedy we're going to
Comicon I didn't even know atomic on
means what we're going everybody
maybe it's a kind of schedule works out
so busy all the time
thank you and I'm having here so
exciting is right our favorite movie
theater that you can get drunk at that's
all of it
everybody probably thinks that um time
me interests hang out with drink no look
at me candies or games perform because
we just can't watch it without popcorn
even we just a we always always need an
important that wants a couple of outfits
money exactly a hip okay
