hey guys
so I'm currently in an uber let's jump
back we've done things amazing I travel
this everywhere Bay and my Victoria's
Secret shirt that says la on the backs
acrylic you practice speak sequence la
the yellow dress for Colorado yell let's
we're headed better Colorado with
last-minute trip to go see something up
there
my brother is um leaner and yeah but you
said I don't know much available blogs
my brother is not one to be on camera or
a Sam Lee I totally respect that
obviously had a percentile of two
starting time with him but hopefully I
have to bring this one a little bit of
Ventures of what we're doing because I
have only been to Colorado on like a
layover I haven't actually been things
like cutting me off
haven't been to likes people
Rex is my first time seeing their
healthy Colorado I'm SuperDuper stoked
little nervous I I was thinking of like
hmm whole the student after surgery like
I saw something on a thousand ways to
die and Spike TV that
like if you are in at the cabin the
cabin pressure will likely rubbed your
implants I don't know if that's real I
guess we'll find out because I wanted
like die with erupted implants on the
plane hopefully they would just erupt
inside me and not like kill me and like
make me explode but I love these
absolutely thought was as only should I
brought like I'm obsessed with these I
just I love us but I got these at the
end of like last year I like the one to
last year like barely wore them but I've
been wearing these a lot worms hayride
you guys energy disney princess oh my
god you guys saw all that yeah I was
already edit that everything is I look
so excited and I didn't have much time
to do it but I was like I really want to
get this done and I want to upload it
tomorrow and we'll make something else
up at the airport but I just guess I
haven't gotten so excited over a video
in a really long time I just thought it
was really funny and clever and I don't
know I got really excited about it so
hopefully as well - it rains you might
visit old school trash like things fat
girls who say their shit back girls who
think their hot sand was like my biggest
video for longest I felt like 13 billion
views and his fries or something like
that
I was just fun to do - I like to dress
up and write the characters and just
know this activist really fun so Damon
is bright
which arose unless but yeah that's what
we're doing I'm going to be my mom at
the airport and we are up
alright guys we finally got a meal first
time trying to have it burger
see how it is
breakin into McDonald's right layman
gone for my mom with 10% off she works
on her yeah
but same button we get 10% off cuz my
mom works at the airport that was like
McDonald's right well yeah you get all
that stuff on it's on my fee
you better than without anything I just
think I'm just heading downstairs
terminal blip don't fly out at terminal
6 there's no food here so you have to
get on a train go to the edge like this
sucks
oh that's our friend
flourish in the West
party
welcome to Denver inside actually a
second donut good pumpkin ladies and
chocalate donut midnight snack
alright guys we are out at Starbucks and
at Denver of course we had to get
Starbucks mugs I got the black one my
mama likes no one I wanted that one but
like I wanted this one so I said well
for this because looks professional and
I'm not backing her bike and then we
asked about them
oh she got little scones and there I go
show your scone
with my sandwich
I didn't take a picture of you with
ajumma oh there's a sandwich I got need
bacon
well that those moorings okay yeah the
table
nice perfect
had a relaxing morning everything a
number shows floeface we love it down
you do oh she has a medicine bomb
medicine bomb or cold western 1s2
does really help my mama hold Webster
that hold Buster and you have a cold but
she was really sick yesterday but she
said that made her feel an amazing song
get out Starbucks they don't know what
it is look up the recipe and I'll make
it for you
but Bernie my mom over there dancing on
vacation
look at her sandwich and really good
it's like is McDonald these are better
than McDonald's I think the eggs are
better Oh mine's really good too this is
like really amazing
join the dead the altitude up here in
Colorado is had--we no stuffy but I feel
good now so good time
oh you guys look at this pumpkin it's so
cute my mom likes it she's just gonna
bring that home on the plate with her
would you though okay
you need daily vlog and feller Adam more
people about you than they do in
California
like I'm just a blogger today I wanted
my mom to picture me mmm oh I kind of
just like oh there's no queue I'm gonna
gain so much weight
others Denver stop I feel like I should
get all the breast cancer things right
on oh we're doing our shopping here
Kendra yeah I did I doubt it but all
right guys we're on to the second
Starbucks of the day we're shopping now
and I was like I gotta get a qo cup so I
just got a plain black ice team on a
target so you have to go far for that
all right now we can do shopping
you guys look have fun my little pony I
got a little breast cancer hat and look
at these fun jobs we got yeah some
Halloween cupcakes my apple juice is of
course and some salt agar chips we're
literally having the tamarind is a
grocery shopping because that's what you
do here in Colorado you just like
grocery shop and get Starbucks vacation
I love it I told my mom like consumer to
yourself living in a town like this cuz
apparently got a small town and then I
was like hmm maybe I said I'm not reckon
I'm such an LA girl so I my readers pry
but we're in gets in Denver things to
fit in I opened your Bronco stuff so
anyways we're just put them oh my mom
went but everyone's so friendly here we
move the cart we're like oh sorry
they're like oh it's kinda fine
la they would have been like yeah but
yeah I mean so sweetie nice here
the other one was gonna keep this
breakfast as you're actually a waffle
and the flatbread you can inject them
for that
when we ask about computer thought this
breakfast pizza these waffles are Shogun
breakfast pieces go boom yummy so cool
so we just got done hitting some bulls
oh my oh my hair looks crazy and eating
now into the next immature
this is really cool fixer from the
Denver fauna have really really good
food a food here was like this amazing
and off an almost cheat you that excited
whenever you guys people are nice things
are cheating with the entertainment
cheap old hair is good my skin feels
amazing being here
laughter you guys are trying the salted
caramel mocha frappuccino for the first
time yeah obviously I'm trying my two
food through time no she got the
medicine ball game we'll see how this
tastes
they've and Erica ate everywhere oh I've
got that at the first Starbucks by you
really
that's better than them pumpkin spice
right target supermarket here we go this
is where we're eating breakfast
it was actually so go we are charity
aide at mr. de la Pietra
please
our last daycare with one home in a few
hours that were in souvenirs the
breakfast place
