hey guys what's up and driving back down
I'm an actor in order to scare me um it
is four weeks two days post-op and I'm
praying this is the last time that the
see me I think it will be because they
are just taking steri-strips off today
you guys that love these tears are the
way they did not put them on the first
time I don't know if I mentioned that my
boob job video but the first time they
did not put I don't even think I did and
that's like so crucial important the
first time they didn't put Tara strips
on my boobs and basically what this are
is a cover like your um you know where
they did the incisions like where your
scars will be and stuff like that they
cover like basically where they did the
incision so it's just protecting
anything from my getting in there and um
yeah they didn't do that the first time
but they're amazing they're wonderful
and now they're getting like take off
state but they're literally just like
stickers and they're just like come off
like so easily and you can't really I
don't want to say you can't feel your
boobs you kinda can't feel your boobs
right now like still four weeks out I
mean I'm trying to feel like normal like
a high like normal boobs they still feel
a little bit like cement a little bit
making you a can't resign Trish Stratus
Trish I've been filming main channel
videos on this camera and I forget oh my
god much is stupid anyways that's what
I'm doing today it should be easy peasy
and I'm praying this with my last
appointment ever or for a while but I'm
wearing Justin Beiber
Justin Bieber purpose-to we're at says I
can't even know this is Justin Bieber
the back says purpose to him I didn't go
to the restroom alright I'll see you
guys soon
guys I've lost money on mine I'm dressed
up as a mermaid I'm about ready to go
down rattle her tonight I really wanted
to do this video because it is going to
like a Halloween costume ideas and
recipes Halloween whence it says Raza
love Disney Princess videos
I just need one to tell over my video
but yeah I just finished my Arial
segment this is fun I'm probably so much
schedge is a cool fish and tella it
reminds me of old school Trish videos
who actually likes kids and like you
know write things on my phone like notes
hottest Reposado breath um but yeah I
just did my Ariel which this costume is
rad and I'm really sad and his wig is so
cool flower everything huh oh yeah it's
been fun like I was I've been thing
about this video for a really long time
and I do it I don't know something in
the comments do it sure she's do it eh
even like I said have to leave in a few
hours so I'm going to be editing this on
the plane but I mean I really really
like this outfit you can barely even see
my hair keeps getting caught in the
shells but I got everything off of Etsy
they does have better quality costumes
than you know those ones you buy in the
store but I really like this one fitted
bra and like other I gotta from a ton of
different stores so all the wigs - the
weights took forever to get it's a
hauler story like I'm telling you
everything about this literally since
March and I ordered these wigs in April
I just got the wings like a couple weeks
ago - so another reason I kind of put it
off but anyways I'll show you guys my
full there's the full outfit before I
take it off and these are really cool
these were like I wanted to get for a
dance so I wanted to get a little
mermaid so these are pretty cool to the
highway so you guys know me of my high
waisted pants i'ma go about that book
anyways alright say bye to redheaded
Trish and say hello to - brunette you
guys it's so funny every poster every
poster every picture I post on Instagram
and snapchat was like oh you should have
your hair red and I look
your hair brunette it's funny right this
is the dress yeah I like half-assed
these costumes I mean there was cheaper
costumes but I just love dressing up and
wean you guys this is like my job like
how fun is this right like I obviously
love like doing my to sit down to
Japanese with you guys like I love to
talk like that's what I love to do but I
also love doing this and dressing up and
I forgot how much fun I really had doing
this stab so if you guys like the Disney
Prince video I'll link below committed
already out let me see this um
definitely thumbs up this video let me
know and thumbs up that video let me
know because I really do love dressing
up it's really fun and I love playing
all the characters and raising you being
a little girl except I get to do on
crack was actually the money to buy nice
costumes and wigs and yeah bunch of home
makeup poppin our guys bail is off to
the ball to film my go to film line to
go there's all my makeup Jasmine will be
the finale because I want to make her a
little bronzer I like a more of a winged
eye and there's my balcony ah someday my
prince will come
wrong wrong Disney Princess okay guys
want to change out of this one I'm just
a blonde and this Oh wigs and drill
obviously yeah
bun back this one actually didn't fit oh
I had to put that into the character but
the Justin zip up like gleam ago I was
like oh this is like not gonna fit thank
God my hips were able like get into it
but yeah I was like not a protection
around a bit my children do but it's in
a work for get a Jasmine Alastair me but
I'll please
way back the sequel you ready better no
matter it's better here we go
so last time y'all go check out what a
whale she can't sing don't get it
twisted
don't die class who's the man not the
best put the body to the test
write me slimy
me but don't hi me
but what you're gonna do tell your boys
tell your girls damn and love it back
chicks to fat chicks to heart dude what
you do when you find out you wanna be a
fat chick you so be a fat chick you what
you wanna do be a fat chick - that takes
skill heart
