both you guys we have what a million
subscribers on the vlog Channel all of
us together million fishy 1 million Wow
what a pot never grows it's all cuz of
shame I was seeing me in his video with
that channel hasn't grown in six years
like it never goes up subscribers I do
it so good it's like a movie song oh my
god I'm so excited and then the chips
you know me said well we got soda and
chips and cake I love vlogging
conversations it's mine your life my
like love lobbying like this cuz you're
back in the day when you would vlog you
would like set stuff at Murrayfield
nothing to say I feel like if I film
other people with their conversations
you're more comfortable holding the
carriers yeah because I don't like it so
confuse looking at you as a girl because
I'm so used to seeing you as a guy it's
more intimidating that's for sure
yeah just cuz you're like you're like a
show yeah it's better I don't know she
and I literally like I felt like you
know like I don't know that these better
yeah I just yeah I wasn't feeling myself
and then when the trainer came over and
it's like yelled at us for being lazy
and grow so I was like oh and did you
guys just meet your YouTube the trainer
no that was Ellie the Cassie he was
everything no how did we mean we met
your stripper and let me go oh yeah see
I'm gonna be temporarily casting with
the trainer you can be his best friend
ten years from now
no we Mountain Ally casting I was broke
she was on offered $100 this is first
under prison his video and I was one of
them my mom gave her an extra hundred
dollars and pizza she didn't say can you
stay like a couple hours actually I was
like that he said that was so good and
she's so bad she still watches all of
your videos yes he's still stand Risa we
love her and she like with everything
and guys looking at big that was a
creepy house you look at a big creepy
house at my whim all of chains house
circus houses are creepy we should my
hurt she lives down the street so we
could have a whole party lot okay go I
was like my 1 million block oh my god
literally so scary here we go ok yeah
wait we stopped singing though you guys
were singing earlier were you okay
before I blow things that she does on
her watch oh my god this will take
twenty minutes
I'll start with the thumbnails okay okay
I put hemorrhoid cream crazy this is my
day I'm on a day when you got and I
ain't mac and cheese no I'm on a diet
every day and I always ruin it oh you
like your fucking moment Melia she is um
no I don't know I guess thank you so
much thanks Shane because all different
I have a million right now I didn't know
what it was subscribing to my channel
and
and tasted daddy Jason brought in new
views so thank you guys I we hang out
gotta get the new viewership I will be
back and I like one to the two waves my
channel my vlogging channel um and yeah
yes okay I'm so excited thank you for oh
I'm so nice no whatever it is does that
for me I can't blow it out and wish for
2 million yes because I do everything
you guys we hit 1 million subscribers on
my channel for more behind-the-scenes
content go to Trish's like okay oh oh
this is a moment right yeah okay I think
it's not a good the cake but okay her
way oh yeah good idea
oh yeah more views than I know your
cards man in it okay oh yeah
I love that okay cool what what you were
supposed to put them on okay okay
they're so good over Guiseppe Zanotti
z-- right Guiseppe Zanotti pani wear
them I loved his Epis Golden Globe oh
you wait twice i watch the fashion show
the other night what am I not allowed to
yes you were with another girl you're
wearing those shoes but watch my fucking
balls so you wear doesn't realize I love
one him twice yeah they don't have white
shoes I'm okay you have issues and then
you bought $1,300 yeah I his shoes are
the worst you don't like these no they
look lived in you said no to everything
because we were in a cheap-ass store but
if it was my gold sure what you want
those slides from Giuseppe and I feel
like it those are what we can $9 in the
course exactly they're actually pretty
cute get that one Marc Jacob yeah that's
true people someone is our the other day
that we looked at men yes Zara has men's
backpacks that are like everything yes
they're tiny little European yeah what's
the most expensive guess a car probably
probably that oh well let me think
definitely definitely shoes how about
anything I haven't done any good videos
where it's like
yeah I only feel guilty cause I'm like I
I don't know in a way I didn't feel
guilty because it was like it didn't
take up any brain space so I was like I
didn't labor over it so it's almost like
these years there's also a video I said
you put up the title and it did really
well perfect
you did it buddy pricks girl from every
title and we're not dating so I don't
know why I would change it we know
Maritimes part 2 coming to my no I was
looking at this kind of suit good
thumbnail look mad though come to the
dead what is the thing gonna be that's
on me
every bad fronting somebody oh yeah wait
how did you guys meet
you don't even told me that I guess you
did from her blog or whatever yeah yeah
Andrea Russett said I said I wanna find
the girlfriend and she said oh I had
know the perfect person for you yeah and
I said who and she goes oh Trisha Paytas
and I said oh who's that
and she goes oh my god you don't know
Peters is yeah it and we met and we only
one time and seeing for like a month let
me come back gather and see it for a
month it was very awkward it's a lot of
awkwardness and then sometimes and hang
out and not film much enough for today
yeah are you kidding me Kajol X film and
then we would have film in an also
soccer
I'm never being awkward I remember being
really awkward it was now it's not
awkward now it's wonderful because we're
best friends
look I love logging when I was tired
alright guys that concludes oh you're
filming another real you are now um that
concludes our million million fishies
fishies celebration at the squad house
first time here first thing Wow the
piece at the squad squad house a girl
walked in she had my pops knockin on her
phone that was everything that was my
whole life I've never seen stuff like
but the problem is she doesn't know this
is it was the Amazon originally started
putting out fucked up I'm not an
accident we're like the triangles too
small really that were that was one of
them at I was like oh that's the funny
mouth oh those are exclusive only 200
look how crazy look we've been sitting
on this couch like what I look literally
a crackhead we've been sitting on this
couch also be by Riley much who's like
how do I find something where masa maybe
but south and I love it um daddy Jason
you have to say bye in the vlog to where
everyone come group group okay so this
has been the first time hanging out at
squad house with squad food originals
and blood house number and million i'm
million subscribers now million issues
for her kids yeah
yeah the squads what is it Bob it's
Jesus my house I guess it's just not
called the squad what's it they're not
trying to be brand as bad their brief
person has a blog by the way churches
have nothing to drink for ten hours
that's White House and quads were cold
all right bye everybody bye bye squad
my fam get the merch Lincoln bio same
same same fan Joe Amazon and over
