we've flown that's traffic oh my gosh
ooh it literally is taking me like 20
hundred minutes to go one block this is
la um I got my guilty shirt on this
position of this camera is always so
weird to me I am so tired you guys Oh
mom no gross the zits on my chin oh my
gosh guys I'm so so tired I like what to
bed like at a decent hour last night I'm
just like so tired but anyways I just
woke up this morning I should put my
things
I was Jared at the Hamilton soundtrack
really I was like I am NOT giving away
my shot I am NOT giving away my shot yo
just like what country I'm young stop
being hungry and I'm not giving away my
shot like I heard it's how to get
tickets I don't even know I haven't even
looked into it but I want to go back to
New York and see it because um I love
lin-manuel Miranda I love in the heights
um oh my gosh this like traffic it's
crazy crazy crazy um and so I guess
anyways I'm just a huge tree another
sound drive I guess or listen to the
soundtrack and which I recommend to can
I choose even if you haven't seen the
show cuz the songs are so good they're
so catchy
um and what kind of like reignited it
was him hosting SNL for me don't look
literally in two lanes um with him
hosting SNL for me and like he opens the
monologue with the Sawyer from Hamilton
the most which is the one I was just
seeing like I'm not throwing I'm not
throwing away my shot
my god people are so crazy they
literally just like running through um
but I love that one I love Alexander
Hamilton I love all of it but he did
this like parody of it on SNL he's like
yo my name's lin-manuel I'm hosting SNL
and I'm not throwing away my that is
this like really fucking catchy but
anyways I've been Jamie on that and also
the disaster the musical soundtrack was
a Broadway show that was on for like
four months
earlier in the year and again I didn't
see that one but I seen a lot of clips
of it online and I just was like oh hi
Shirley
I really wish I would have seen it um
and something rotten you guys I'm sure
as pie already announced I didn't have
this comes up from about a week behind
editing my blogs and posting or posting
like I'm editing and fridge final I'm
just like a mess with this wall channel
right now but I'm only about a week
behind okay maybe I'll be catching up
quicker I don't know I start posting
more but uh probably having see just
like the new announcements nothing
matters like oh my god like it says it's
like a big announcement but something
brought in will Chase is leaving ways it
will chase you out will chase is leaving
the role William Shakespeare literal
Michael Jackson this girl has like a the
Michael Jackson mask and the gloves on
home goes like weird she's like really
scared of germs but the same time she
doesn't window don't like me roll your
window up that here's care of germs but
um yeah so anyways like flapping but
where was the point of law that there
was a point is where there was a point
was I just felt
that like so distracted me speaking of
distractions corey feldman on the day
show I was watching this morning that
like what what that guy is so weird he
actually sent me an Instagram about
veganism I guess one of his angels flirt
like I don't know if the book their
girlfriends I don't know like he calls
them his angels I guess I'm like his
girlfriend's I don't know it's like oh
she told me about you want to be vegan
honestly was it kind of a sweet message
I don't know it's something about Corey
Feldman creeps me out I don't know my
sister was like hit on him hit on by him
when she was like I mean she was like
she was like 17 I mean of course people
I didn't know that but like my sister
does look a lot older than she is she
always has like you won't she's like 15
people while she was like literally 21
um but so it is always a good creepy
vibe for whatever reason then I watch
them on The Today Show today I was like
what is this like so the American flag
on the fucking ground I'll like okay
crazy um so yeah and I don't have no
clue where I was going with anything I
was just saying
we were talking about Friday oh my god
something rotten oh my god Trish guys
Adam Pascal is Pascal help us go Murray
not to Adam Pascal Adam Pascal from rent
the original Y my very kind of name oh
my god the original rot quietly the
original Roger from fucking rent is
playing at fucking William Shakespeare
on something Ron and I thought when
Christian Burrell was in the role and he
was so fucking good I never saw will
chase by him I'm not a big cool treats
man by the way if that's his name I
can't think I can't remember I think is
his name he was on um smash he was JFK
on smash it was like not a fan and he's
on national i'm like not a fan i just
not a fan of him you know there's
certain people you just don't like you
know you don't like spark what like just
like I don't really get this person
that's slick well whatever but I'm sure
he didn't even fuck about what I think
about that but I'm just saying like Adam
Pascal I'm making sure I just wanted to
say something like a fucking love him
like everything he's done I like loved
him obviously when I'm such a redhead
that I'm just like okay like he's got
right because if you're obsessed with a
Bryant you were obsessed with obviously
Pascal like obviously like him and
Daphne Rubin Vegas but her name is
Arnold you don't really know the rooms
but like I just love them because
they're like iconic like iconic right so
anyways what are we even talking about
so he's gonna be William Shakespeare
which i think is an amazing role
something Ron something Bryan is closing
in January so I feel like I have some
stake in this for some whatever reason I
don't know why I'm not getting paid I'm
not in the show but um if you are in New
York go see something Ron that's like my
favorite favorite show right now
in New York and I was a Hamilton but
like I kind of don't remember it which
fucking sucks like I remember it but
like not the way normally member shows
like I can recite you like word-for-word
shows like something wrong I could
recite you word-for-word all the songs
like I love it well power as a great
song hard to be the bard which is good
he's gonna fucking kill a he's gonna
fuckin kill it I mean Christian world is
like iconic Shakespeare to me but like I
think I would be really hooked me good I
was really excited when I heard that so
I don't know if I got like inside news
or like no one's just talking about
explain no one is a fuck
also I'm on the search today for some
Garth Brooks Fritos Garth Brooks today I
don't know if it's just stated there in
stores would be weird if it was just
saved uber feellike pulled them but I'm
gonna go look for them I feel like I'm
going to be going to like all these
stores trying to find these Garth Brooks
burritos mostly because want to have
growth from Cerritos in my house but
also this single is inside of them and I
have to do a video blog Garth Brooks
coming up I mean I have like a lot to
say to him so I'm gonna do a whole dear
first video because I'm a fucking crazy
person but anyways okay that's what
we're doing well to some music oh and
I'm hopefully getting my stitches out
today des pr√©s I'm going going back
down it has Medicare which is so fucking
far and it's like traffic hours both
ways it's gonna fucking suck but hey I
got the Hamilton soundtrack I'm cool I
don't want a bunch of new music I'm them
so let's fingers cross it's today I'm
hoping me will my mom thought they would
because it's been three weeks and two
days post-op
this guy's just living his life in a
reverse and he has no fucks that cars
are coming so yeah see and I'm doing a
chat with my doctor so hopefully
everything's good I'm nervous and I feel
like I don't take the best care of my
boobies but I'm trying so I get a number
yeah okay your girlfriend right yeah
you're right
yeah that's it walk over um can I have a
diet coke please
okay there's no that's it okay 36 3 1 4
2 1
thank ya it's not chicken somebody got
my results just again I don't want to be
like netted you know the last time I
swear to goodness
it's the truth
second
6:31
you are
you're gonna take a break
thank you
looking for some baby
thank you thank you
then I'll work up there
no by myself
and
the two and
I didn't know
wait on
wait
oh I don't need any sauce yeah thank you
thank you today yeah I'm looking for
some hot stuff baby this evening I need
some hot stuff bitch tonight alright
continuing all right you guys it's been
three weeks in two days hopefully the
steri-strips and stitches get room
because you right there some of the
steri-strips and stitches are around the
nipples fingers wants to get removed and
they are paid for you I got my legging
jeans on from Target today and that's
for 21 choose ponytail equals basic
bitch kind of day so fashionable in this
plastic surgery breasts exposed little
ensemble Peep Show sneaky peek see if
you pick up the titty ladies they're
looking good
going down the wings out there we Carol
all right guys
stitches are out look I change my hair
out but you can see the tape in the back
the stitches are out moving back back
killing out of his backpack game this
Marc Jacobs backpack it isn't like best
parties never made noise just art out
it's an effort at all we got if you guys
watch my first plastic surgery video or
like my botched boob job story time
video for Mike you'll notice dishes were
like the hardest part for me horrible
quick and I swear to goodness me to kill
my since like I was so nervous like
cleanse not even feel when they were
doing it was so easy
don't pain free yes it is her out I just
have some steri-strips they put fresh
ones on but I only need those for
another week and now before we post up
and I will be good to go I can fully
submerge myself in the shower life is
going good and beautiful oh my gosh it's
gorgeous out right now so gorgeous
gorgeous you miss one walk to the boats
there's in the car but I feel like we
should walk to the boat tell him
everything I'm tired though
tough when you can't work out any start
eating about her eating like shit and
not working out it's like seems like any
button I'll start feeling better cuz my
skin and shit has been breaking out
see gorgeous list as you guys Newport
Beach is so gorgeous honestly would live
here like I do love LA like I like to be
close to LA because there's a lot of
people and stuff up there that I need a
boy so gorgeous isn't it what a
beautiful day it is
we got gorgeous by the way as guilty
tapas from wild pocket where I was so
pretty I'm gonna go to vote I'm just in
a really good mood my stitches are out
though caiman leg enjoy this for a
minute
and head back home in the traffic
downtown because traffic dispenser
security and traffic
usage even if I mean remote halfway for
dinner what you want to do still have
too much to bear
right here
thank you
nice and a room to catch chilly out so
warm rooms name again he asked was like
do you want to warm like do it but on my
cap we don't show though good we have
better them up uh Neal cloth because the
traffic dude my nails done all that
makes me sleepy so
a little clapping a little pick-me-up
and it's warm Richard I don't think my
hand
like that bitch blossoms bitch bitch my
mom unless if there's a Walmart next to
her because I heard the Garth Brooks
burritos are there I definitely wanna
get that accomplished a night at some
point one eight of his nails spot I went
into last night which was super cute and
really cheap so soothe my eyebrows don't
you II don't know where this table go
but basic white bitch right here
Uncas wise locked in getting her nails
done
I know I love I got Halloween meals I
got a little pumpkin yeah black and
white black and orange not looking white
make sure that's so cute
all right guys thank you so much I
appreciate it and I got my eyebrows at
you too got my eyebrows done Beyonce I
see they're so funny in there there
literally is so nice and now top salons
are not so nice I like grumpy but
they're like stony and the little
pumpkin decal my hand I'm holding guys
with Oh bless your heart or not thank
you but then again she only turns me
like two dollars for design which
normally they're like ten dollars for
design in LA I mean we are in Orange
County but still if every funny
put my cup away so I'll take chicken
there's a really cute outfit super cute
which is like these cool like printed
leggings like these boots cool top
anyways alright guys
so for name my Percy's out so much like
every time I go back to my car or like
people see my car they'll either go into
a Starbucks or nail place in the moolah
find me someone if you'll keep in their
collectors like yeah so funny I love
that idea
it's just like a nerve you don't think
about that like honestly when I got my
carbine thing I didn't think of it like
oh like this is where you'll be I mean
like I said it's a good thing cause it's
not you know what I mean but so far it's
been good all right hopefully traffic is
died down freeways over there looking
good
right the adventure continues Sinn f√©in
a day a long day but I'm super excited
to end it at PF Changs my favorite place
in the whole world so my mom um so how
you gonna pick out my mom like took my
peanut Bertil and putted I bought
yesterday at the apple orchard which I
don't even know if she texted me last
night
I'll meet you like by the spot off the
freeway because I was coming back from
Orange County and she kinda lives really
in like towards the beach way up the
freeway and like all just come to you
know probably we'll just have dinner it
wasn't that big deal but like since I
was already coming back all the clothes
have dinner together than whatever like
I don't really care what the peanut
brittle
um and so yeah so now we're me a PF
Changs which is like kind of a good like
halfway point all the way into the beach
and um but it's like pretty close to the
freeway too so I'm really excited
honestly I just want to get things
because there's not really one close to
me Suriname ago somewhere that has a
tepee of Chinese families let's eat then
my mom's always game so she already
ordered the food she said cuz I'm hungry
she's hungry
we all hungry Casca
you
yes
hey sexy lady okay oh you know it's me
oh hi I was just freaking you all right
how funny to see the face of sushi yeah
I didn't really work that how are you
good to see you
you guys a PF change this perfect time
after traffic with my mommy move on
right here our waitress again Murphy
just like do you do like move on feels
like yeah she goes she's like she
watched Mama's hanging seven of like
let's go be Mama's hang right here
mama time on fish okay watch mama frisky
fellow no you wouldn't ochio so we're
about to eat one she's eating I'm about
to eat oh sorry our food I think a nice
gonna go seed yes weighing the first
time I'm looking for Garth Brooks
Freitas you're not focused on me but
praying that this is the first funk is
um stop offended by the books Fritos
everyone was not thinking are we at CBL
she thinks coming on Walmart but there's
like not even a one more close to me
this is open
Hey
okay thank you
and see where their food suction is
and how do these them
I'm on my break CB it's not very big
food selection as is my PC is scolding
getting the Fritos here we got potatoes
he's been rooting everybody snacks it's
very slow some Chambord good
hmm those Speedos
I made my lathe there's no further for
the Bombers no Fritos batteries watch
die so I'm looking up I finally what you
know
look okay a little close to my house all
right Ralph's now
I'm all tired there's lols not by the
way home with 9:30 so they don't have a
year it's not meant to be regards works
with number lovely
I don't have high hopes I'm gonna try
anything
okay found the chip aisle we'll get into
the Lay's Tostitos just doodles Doritos
Fritos oh my gosh you guys
it's nothing one left oh you guys a
legit think there is a one Barth bricks
Fritos love do you see any other ones
out there's some down there Oh highlight
of the night y'all for x3
That moment when like you don't love
burritos she loved Garth Brooks to drive
for free birthday thank you song
speeding down as people just really
really special because not even I
resisted the gospel even want to be down
within that single two four five made it
home they have these breast cancer bag
so I had to buy it of course for
everything but get that receipt out of
there
there's my Fritos which I'm going to
actually snack on because I have to UM
edit the video for tomorrow because I
just haven't put out videos on either
channel on like two days which for me is
like crazy you guys are about to die but
well known on your life the batteries go
to die that's not an awful my god I look
at omen like you guys are about to die
like no you're not sorry positive
thinking we're all gonna be living but I
am spending all night alone for my
patients and blogs um tomorrow -
hopefully shoot a video and then I'm the
manager that's what I'm doing and
hopefully I did more tomorrow and work
on my book because I'm picking up back
on a book that I started two years ago
so that's what I'm doing I love you guys
so much thanks for watching this blog I
want to say hi to regrets because I love
you so much I found your Fritos I spent
like literally like two hours looking
for your Fritos and um I love you and
love you guys here I guess he is smelly
cheese mmm beautiful skin nope not here
terrible skin yeah is what
