let's see hey mom there's a giant P fuck
oh my gosh why is look at where we're at
we could make a peacock so crazy oh my
gosh it is so we came out apple-picking
today we're about two hours we're in
this place called Oakland orchards and
yeah it's so cute here we feel like
we're back in the Midwest again it's so
stinkin cute I could my Dolly Parton
shirt on
anyways we were really craving these
apple cider and apple cider doughnuts
that we used to have back in the Midwest
that this place called Edwards apple
orchard so we drove all this way out we
did like this little like girls trip my
sister's meeting us cuz she don't want
to come with inch now she is missing out
it's just gonna come meet us this is
kind of everything this is exactly how I
grew up
so crazy
something yeah I was a peacock back
there I'm like a lot like so exciting to
me I know like we got so cool
do you see the giant feet that big
snapchatted weird shit did you just lean
oh no oh my gosh did you say what you're
getting oh yeah but it's like the place
right now is called Apple minions and
they have the biggest apple pies oh
here's the place for apples one looks
like describe your attic and they have
these apple pies are like five five
pounds and just follow apples yeah we're
really gonna get enough by default for
sure I'm like so excited this summer
anything better field trip just like
honey whatever that for sure it's like
the Sun rising of it nicer weather like
I'm so excited so open like walk around
I'll show you guys what we were hungry
so panicky first I first that peach Oh
yeah almost like freezing on the way
he's so she wear the skirt I know
now she's cold house copy wise least
this looks like a literally like a movie
I think this is literally so cute
honestly if you guys ever want like
something if you live in LA or you just
want something like a little different
than California this is the place to go
they have a client in mind candy shops
look at that so we're parked like so
freaking beautiful so gorgeous
you're like really excited about all of
this
oh well like a little house but we'll
surprise in there there's my accessories
over there
snow fetish try this Way's no I love me
some scrambled eggs and these potato
crisps be weeks thank you so much
you guys look how cute this is there's
like a general store over there so cute
wait mom are you going like how much is
it
it's bougie 36 what's it made out of
them it's really cool that's like my
sister's apple-picking outfit today no
you look amazing I'm like jealous
because I don't look as cute I look at
the pump eat this why I'm the frumpy
sister because I freaking Dolly Parton
shirt on and my yeah we were in sexy
today
exactly all three people this turquoise
store like a general store we all got
our little flannels and boots just cute
don't kill huh oh and they have crystals
in here too mm-hmm
native pride ha I need a dreamcatcher
that's really pretty
that was me today just get the battle Oh
dreamcatcher hang them by your better
window it says at the head of you read
that yeah bad shrooms get caught in the
web the good turns or if their way
through the hole in the center did they
come true yeah that's what they're for
guys look at this fox tail like this is
so cool
my little bit Marc Jacobs okay okay okay
they're a fox rug so cute we are now in
the general store so cute in here when
we got to have apple wines how cute
Apple Annie Oakland paints
Oh Christmas stuff already it smells so
good in here too you guys look how cute
this is this literally looks like a
movie I know it looks like a so it does
it's so cute those aren't all over right
are those all stores you is how cute
this all is
so adorable are those stores ah so cute
hey guys honestly this is this is my
subscriber base this is the fishy fan
because I met so many of us a how cute
you guys to see like how cute is this
there's just so much so many stores I
think I've gotten so many things like
it's kind of everything we came here to
pick apples we didn't know it was like
this whole little village but it's
really really cool so adorable
here's a little Ben Jule Styne I don't
know where my girls at there's like a
bad angle that is cute
they love that it's a gun are you ready
oh my gosh you can't get it just shake
your hand out again you could be on it
we want a black one here yeah oh you
don't Ram to ram dare get dressed for my
staff all right
Kelly gets out of this okay
don't Ram the ping me do them all whose
baby fat bellies yeah the chicken no I
said your chicken are you having fun -
yes we need to be oh they were already
that way one oh there's nothing yeah
there he comes
oh my god he's hurt he's running I want
to go to the Lama dollar and they're so
happy about their cord oh you want more
I feel like I should Peter Morris I'm
gonna get useful no we got other so oh
that's it
oh look at the goats oh no I have
nothing for you oh don't have it'll cut
this fill it okay he's your friend oh my
god are you getting this
oh my gosh
nice nice oh my gosh is he eating it
Wow okay I think we're done with the
llama look that is a he's like I know
she's like you guys look at all
niggas
I think it looks like a grandpa
mmm we got some Apple time that was a
take home as well so it delicious is it
good yeah cute moccasin and the fan no
the peak oh now the pink are so much
cuter we have all moccasins yeah is it
really cute too
are those yours is so cute all the
moccasins adorable Oh apples you guys
look at these cute sweats from wild fox
Couture usually wild fox your stuff
friends kind of big so I always get
mediums and everything but this is a
medium and I kind of wish I would have
been a large but it's cute whatever much
help you but gained a little weight
we've already talked about that don't
need to talk about it but anyways look
guys I kind of cleaned up a little bit
because we're having a cozy night and
watching Dancing with the Stars and I
was thinking about like opening some
wine I know can't wait apple cider
saying oh my god you guys this apple
cider door it's like so good has in
there I had to buy some so trying to
figure out if I should open up some wine
now or wave get watching Dancing with
the Stars um a couple days behind cuz we
didn't get to watch it Monday and we
always watch it together
so finally got some traps to come in
lighting circuitry for lighting though I
love when girls do like their morning
routine and they're just like let's
shake it oh thank you and then they
close it like bye guys oh there's a
camera in there okay but for real I mean
I got that sent this they're not
sponsoring me but one of my sponsor sent
this to me I was like calm Thanks it's a
card apple cider should try that brother
I had a little wine sell everything not
seller can you read it'll wipe the line
my apartment watching jeopardy set up
man
surround sound hit I've had that for a
while dump it red wine red wine so
update
I was buying these little wine boxes
because I didn't have strong enough to
open a bottle of wine while I was trying
to open up a bottle would you put it
back because I couldn't pull the
freaking thing up because I'm not strong
enough yet it's all girls out there so
never fear never fear
a true lush always has a back-up plan
and I've been getting these black boxes
left box wine but I'm gonna put it in a
Cinderella Cup so I can disguise myself
from being a blush this episode was
really really good
I should snapchatted she also had some
candy once I mean okay guys before he
goes they're gonna put into Cinderella
bugs I just think I just need a little
white I haven't liked drinking all day
you guys it's the traffic going from
home was it no Josie if I could not get
this open with no joke it was a lobe of
a bitch and I my appointment tomorrow a
little bit of adult beverage and then
hopefully when he gets there he can open
up my wine for me cuz
I'm so I am mama needs a medicine mmm
oh that's me she i like Pinot Noir if
you had never seen sideways what I said
Merlot or Pinot Noir chef or Agia it's a
long I think he hated Pinot Noir
or he in Merlot I think he's like fuck
more alone right yeah I mean I love not
that anyone sees me drinking my
Cinderella mug especially why not as a
normal mother hmm do I miss having some
tea I can have more wine that's what we
have some tea anyways I'm getting all
cozy on the couch okay what dude sit sit
if I can't dance I might as well watch
it but it makes me really miss dancing
so I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited
and you just snapchat as I know he's
clothed so yeah I love this let your
dreams shine I just saw this part of it
let your dream is shining mmm this thing
saved me you need to be taken off edge a
little bit so delicious where do I put
this by my beef blueberry pie drop game
of pine and enough sugar
oh excuse mikaelsons I got this little
apple mug I got to watch out for my um
apple cider but there's the apple pie
looks so glad I get rid eat some of this
yeah well his sunglasses I gotta get
back and love those sunglasses button
and I found this really cute Cup at
Target I'm gonna just show you guys
everything my keep Marc Jacobs bag
so this is wide open y'all I was having
like the worst time of it and I finally
got it open and I was so good I live had
a box now in a bottle and I'm like done
but anyways I don't know who got kicked
up to the stars because the cheese I
shouldn't record but then they were
saying that they eliminate now on
Mondays and Tuesdays plum I don't
freaking know but it was a good show and
I had some trips to Hawaii had some food
now I'm going to bed and that's about it
