here I is a chef Tricia's back picking
up some scrambled eggs bacon some toasts
over there getting ready to push down
choices the last thing you have to push
down when you make breakfast y'all then
yes I'm making some scrambled eggs which
are my fave and I kept all the yolks in
sometimes I just do egg whites but today
I'll block them yoga there's a double
yolk in one so anyways turn that one a
little bit low
bacon is almost done at the exact same
time which never happens
yeah I'm Matt and then I have my hash
browns are almost done all this is
getting them at the same time you guys
and that's right bridge let's see they
gonna have the cranberry juice or apple
juice and apple juice is when I winner I
love this apple juice so much so good
it's called apple and Eve and there as
we finish breakfast it was so proud of
myself when I cook breakfast wise like
seriously I mean that looks pretty good
so off to the living room to watch my
favorite oats on pause but my favorite
teen mom I always say here by the way
this diet NW is empty there's your mom
I'm bipolar manic depressive me yeah
this is what I care about I just like to
have a little like background noise
while II
facilities this up is not easy
yep oh is it thank you
going to get this hair done at my fave
Kenzo by zoe at the montage got my jenna
jameson shirt on
I defer this hair
this next one
best part about the salon is they give
you on champagne is still good
be happy
well
can i refresh up
no makeup today
could be bothered with you
don't ever feel
I'm the blonde like the blonde expert
series if you like teaches people how to
do blonde hair yeah everything I have
pretty she has you've never been on I
just realized come on project oh yeah
hello angle I gamers sorry guys
I kept at this point all those hair
extensions fell out had Shay tape on
those teeth and hair extensions I had so
they all fell out I started like
actually though she would cry I was like
I love my hair sinjen so much anyways I
contacted my contact at Bellamy and I
was like hey the memory Beauty bar is
only like two minutes away from here
like is there any way I can get in today
and get some tapings in my hair so I'm
praying to God because you did yes
really hoping that the tapings do come
through and I get my hair her back in
because I had a bit of a crisis like I
said I have to laugh at this point where
the car looks amazing but acceptance all
this game out in the washing bottles
like oh these are wonderful though that
cave was drawing
psycho payment away
I was a ballet those cars are so nice
now there's my car
really sick
thank you so much I appreciate it notice
the megamouth you eyes his hair like
this hair my illa ah I feel so crazy
what hair can make you feel like like
honestly with this short thin hair of
mine I freakin leg hate it like I hate
it oh my god like like I said I'm
driving to bail me now I'm really really
praying hoping that there is someone
there who can do my tape ins like I mean
he said that there was gonna be someone
but I mean it is so last-minute like we
just call someone's like hey can you
write happens now so fingers crossed it
all works out
you why is um just really excited for a
relaxing day just get my hair done and
washed now I get those tapings all back
in this bitch but yeah that's my day
that's what's happening then I spent my
whole day getting my hair done not fun
no way now you guys and we end this you
follow me at my bar it's like so cute up
here I'm up here at stairs where they do
like the extensions and like I do like
blogs no anyways I've never been in here
before like I told you and like uncle
down there how cool that is
feel lonely over there so cool I just
think it's like so many out to show you
guys when I go downstairs but so so cool
it's all like pink and girly over here
look in here having right now I
literally says that when you walk up the
door is like you are now entering hair
heaven so cool this is the extension
there 22 inch right 19 22 inch 22 inch
in those are the tapes I'm so excited
and I was like a house working here but
I'm glad I'm here so exciting all this
would be in my head it's so happy you
guys so Gabby I'm also doing my hair and
Gabby's like oh I do I have a youtube
channel but like I never like I'd like I
just started doing it and all my gosh
it's so funny
it's called Barbie Jersey how would you
go out of character now are you out of
character no oh they like it they're
like these old like they're like do old
lady voices like Barb and Grady I'm
gonna show you guys you guys can
subscribe to them because I love party
gives know me I love like finding new
YouTube channels and this is so cute
they have like this like crazy like
colored hair I'm obsessed so it's barb
and Gertie on focus there it is
yeah and are you bar were you gertie
I'm good I love it Gabi's Kirti there's
Gabby Wow I loved it I loved it I wish I
was like selling earlier i blog wag know
people don't buy my book and then shake
oh why do you jewe i was like i'll get
to be my vlog now so go subscribe to her
she's kind of everything it's kind of
amazing and Melissa do you want YouTube
though right he does do I know
not yet she's so cute you saw protein
character tonight and hockey Tom's a
cartoon so there were about to close you
guys and I like came in and there's like
home to mine is working like yes please
and I'm getting this 22 inch hair and
I'm just like so excited that's so cute
in here I'm just like obsessed right now
so we're just chatting and then I saw
her YouTube is like oh I have to vlog
this so check her out a link it below oh
my gosh you're so cute I everybody's oh
hi look at this finished
hair though so cute they're setting up
the lighting now I love that they have
lighting only Bellamy Beauty much I love
that use it the lighting only at Bellamy
do you guys have like studio lighting
take picture they love it here so pretty
oh yeah we have a dog because I was like
they styled it and blended it and
crawled it and look mom if I'm gonna
keep it yourself alright so this is it I
love it don't watch oh my gosh your eyes
this has been the hair crisis day and it
actually turned out to be such a
blessing because one I didn't know
Bellamy beauty bar was like so cool - I
don't know they should tape in your
extensions and three I love it even
better cuz it's longer and it's fuller
and I just love it so much more better
so thank God it happened even though I
was like freaking out I like love it so
so much I know it was so girly in it
like yeah next mail huh and this is they
used to curl my hair I timed it was
Bellamy and oh my gosh it's about me of
course everything would be Bellamy here
but I was like oh my gosh I don't touch
a pole wand isn't that so cool I like
upsets with this mic hit ball me and you
put this wand this is like kind of
everything and it's gorgeous I mean my
hair is so shiny and pretty soon let's
take the final after picture we love it
so much you guys this is the downstairs
like how cool is this
with the chandelier
so Louisiana floors on Roberts me I
didn't want to check it out me
I'll say just leaving now there's the
bar it's on bhujiya Robertson if you
guys ever come over here me and um
somebody special at bossa nova all the
time and it's my kind of straight so so
much you guys
I honestly was having just like a little
bit of a panic attack and I like love it
I know I keep saying I love it but like
I actually love it so much so and this
is perfect the car pulled out in front
of me at a bitch trying to park but yeah
so good
you
