I'm making my own do-it-yourself
McDonald's breakfast I have my MIT cafe
pumpkin spice with my Rocky Horror mug
my own little Egg McMuffin so I'm having
some fried eggs and some bacon this
morning
we gotta guys and these donuts I should
never have ordered on there so addicting
I already had one oh I love them so much
government rolls so anyways that's what
I'm doing today I love show you guys my
breakfast because I love breakfast and I
seriously get excited for it every
morning
let's see if I can flip this on camera
oh there we go
just one again - I love my eggs a little
runny again so good you guys alright I
get this coffee boy this stuff is so
amazing a even better out of the pickups
like it is so so good yummy pumpkin
spice this thing is amazing I have a
Keurig up in my room now - for those
like lazy days oh my gosh dig dig in or
some really yeah we're the good guys
okay guys what should i watch what are
you talking about let's see Foreman and
I'm like running this morning not that
you realize that don't you mean writing
Compton I recorded people guys laughing
is it guys it's just it's just I already
watched really and everything to watch
boys watch the Goldbergs as long as it's
kneel at ceiling that first aired all
right watching this you guys love the
Goldbergs
I love the show so much Don ABC on
Wednesdays guys don't know all right
guys what's up vlogging
because I have had such a boring a
boring day um and I'm just waiting for
someone to get off work um I have a
little like care package I made for him
because he hurt himself so I mean I'm
like all his favorite little messes I
think I talked about that earlier I have
things everyone I just said it anyways I
haven't been just um between editing
vlogs I'm so buying on this channel I'm
still one item so sorry guys between
editing vlogs I have been watching I
needed something to do because I
literally have much too and I wanted to
work on my book I've been there's a book
over feeling like maybe a year and a
half ago and I really like I reread it
and I got really involved in this world
again like it got really involved with
these characters I don't know why I
started writing it after I went through
a breakup and it was more like a fantasy
book between us to that the person I
broke up with
um and it's got really into the
characters of the story and I kind of
lost the fantasy of who it was about and
got into the characters and I kind of
wanted to rewrite that anyways point is
I didn't write that because it's like I
was editing and I can't go between two
worlds like reality and like this
fictional world that I created so so
doing that I'm just going to work on it
cuz I got really immersed in it I'm when
I take a weekend and do nothing and just
like totally immerse myself in it for
like day and night and like really try
and finish it um but I have been editing
the vlogs and then in between I was in
Washington so I just decided to watch
haters back off on Netflix for no other
reason because like I'm not a thing as a
Miranda character like I don't like I
don't hate it like I mean obviously
super popular people love it and they
find something funny about it I've
always been like not part of the
mainstream again never like things I
liked before like what the fuck like
music I like maybe shit like I never
have liked the taste of normal people so
I'm not saying like that means nothing
if I don't like something fucking broad
means it's good but I know I just not
got into it because I also thought was
like more for like little kids
but the show I was hooked I literally
binge watch it's like what time is it
not 6:30 I've been wat Benj watched from
like nine o'clock this morning and
between editing just the whole thing of
haters back off on Netflix and it's
amazing and I'm not like just saying
that I'm no reason to say that because
um you know I know Josh a little bit and
we were sure to bring that up
oh sorry em but and I init Colleen I'd
like just have met so briefly at events
but she's always been so so so so sweet
to me but again I don't have any reason
to like one talk about this or to like
hate on it you know what I mean like I
have no reason either way because I
really don't have anything invested and
um and I love the balance of family
blogs um and I love Christopher um and
Jessica I love all the kids and so I
what am I even talking about like a
Ballinger promotion but Jessica's
balancer has always been so freaking
sweet to me on Twitter and like we've
actually talked about like hanging out
and just like doing girl stuff or like
having a game night or something like
just for fun like and she's like so
species no social media like just
totally fun I was like oh my god I would
love that
um and it was right before my surgery
and then we just never really quantity
their time and they were gone and but
she's been super because I met her in
person and she's always been super sweet
to me but like kept in touch and just
really awesome anyways I'm like so
blabbing blah blah but yeah I've been
watched it and it's like amazing so like
even if you guys are like not a peanut
the character like I I like watched a
few Miranda videos before but like I
didn't know like her world or like I
don't know any really background on her
you don't need to know the background to
like enjoy the show um it was really
funny it was actually Sean who told me
he's like oh did you see the new haters
back on trailers and no he's like it
actually was really good and like again
he doesn't wanna be what the YouTube
world or her character and he's a kind
of running into point dynamite which I
love Napoleon Dynamite so I was like ok
so check this out check the trailer did
look like kind of good like I don't
really get it but like the series like
so so good um I'm like I'm like in love
with it like I'm so attached to these
like characters like when it ended I'm
not going to give you a spoiler but when
I when it ended I was like shocked I was
sad I was like I wanted another episode
I needed more episodes I needed to know
what happened like it really
really was like a cliffhanger for me
because I'm like what the fuck has
happened like I was so invested in these
characters like it was crazy I've never
been invested in any characters as much
as it was the show and that's like
almost every single character I was
invested in so um real quick the mom was
played by Angela Kinsey from the office
which is like amazing when ice I had
seen that she was cast on that like a
while ago and I was like that's so
freakin impressive like she's amazing
but like the character of the mom once
again was a character I was so invested
in and so loved so much like I thought
all her lines are hilarious I thought
she was hilarious like everything but
she's a she's the mainstream brilliant
actress so like I feel like I don't you
talk her up the other one which I was
really surprised to see in there was
Eric Stockland who I knew from I used to
love that show stalker on CBS I don't
think it's on anymore I think it sounds
like a season and a half or something um
with the girl Meg EQ and from Nikita it
was such a good show and dylan mcdermott
I think so good I was obsessed Eric
Stockland played like the like villain
for like the first half of the series
and then he ended up being like total
like victim like the real villain came
forward but like I mean he was a villain
but like an even crazier villain came
out because he played sadistic and crazy
and I always left his character on on
stalker he has this way of playing any
character and like loving the character
obviously Patrick on haters back off
which character situate it's like a
lovable character anyways but like
stalker he played like an actual creeper
like an actual creepy guy but like you
kind of like were invested in him like
you kind of cared about him so he's an
amazing actor and I was like shocked to
see you on there like so happy because I
freaking love him and I follow him on
Instagram and um he posts all stuff with
him and Colleen which I think would make
the cutest couple I'm not saying they
are I'm just saying like I think they
would make a really cute couple plates
that I hate talking about people's
relationships on YouTube because I know
how freakin hard this to hear other
people talk about relationships oh I'm
not even like trying to go there I'm
just saying she's she is single you
don't know me and like I know anything
you want but I'm saying if you think
about it like a year maybe that's just
me being at Miranda and Patrick chipper
like I really really wanted them to get
together I'm talking Allegiant talks six
minutes about haters back I want to sell
more to say and so then um we have oh my
god her uncle which is hilarious
her like most it's so hard like I think
Patrick is a hilarious character - but
Uncle Jim like I died I died when
there's sexual banter between him and
Miranda I'm like I was like dying
laughing like I don't know if I find
that like weird perverted like this show
was definitely way more adult like that
one my favorite episodes if the whole
thing was besides the last ones last was
really good was the one where they put
on a knee in their backyard and it
becomes like a sexual Annie like Daddy
Warbucks wants a kiss from orphan and
from Annie I take what good thing I had
these little orphan
soft lips I'm like what is this it's
like so funny he's like the love
interest and it's - Chuck felt like
killing sandy the dog oh my god I'm like
I'm just dying I'm just like losing it
in the auditions of that everything
about that was so funny and I was like
so adult raunchy humor which I really
really liked um I mean it's good for
kids too like if you're if the kids are
fans of Miranda it's like good because
like I know when I was a kid like you
didn't really get a lot of like the
jokes like the adult jokes and like
Shrek I mean as a little older when
Chuck came out but you don't even like
you don't get those as a kid um there's
any other day I don't remember this
being so raunchy
was a as a child but then again I guess
you really want it right you don't think
about stuff like that it's like children
are innocent um but yeah I love driving
Miranda was great obviously Colleen was
amazing which I was like I shouldn't say
this is sounds horrible and I don't mean
this it's like shade at all towards
anyone but like I was surprised because
like youtubers are youtubers and you
know I feel like everyone can act you
know good you can be coached act good to
a certain degree but you know at the end
of the day you still kind of see them as
YouTube personalities which i think is a
lot of youtubers struggle transitioning
and I say this as someone who definitely
cannot act for shit so take it for what
you will but like I was so surprised
because like I totally like didn't see
Colleen I didn't even really see the
character of Miranda I was just seeing
like the character Moran on the show you
know I wasn't seeing it as like a funny
thing like they do on YouTube but I was
seeing this is like a real person that I
care about awesome because her lipstick
wasn't as crazy and like they didn't
make her look as crazier as ugly as she
makes herself look on the internet like
she actually looked like it just
like a person you know that's just
marching to the beat of her own drummer
and I like that and I don't know it just
was really good and all the characters
they were all dysfunctional and weird
but you cared about all of them and I
thought the plots were great I loved the
whole YouTube tie in the way they tied
it and was so brilliant because you have
to tie it in right it's Miranda sings um
but I just lived like I never get into a
show where I'm just like I have to watch
the next night I was even like my blog
would finish processing and like before
I even start and I'm like I have to
finish watching this episode like it was
just really really well done amazing
writing like amazing like I don't know
like I'm shocked that I'm even saying
scuzz like I said if there's like shit
movies that come out by youtubers I just
don't talk about I was like what's the
point of hating on someone you know they
put out these are that's awesome you
know whatever like I thought my cup of
tea it sucks whatever I'm not gonna talk
about it
you know it's art but this was so
brilliant and I like praise it so much
and like I said I have no reason because
anyone's asks like a I've met calling
maybe twice like I said super nice to me
but like we don't hang out Josh I know a
little bit but like I said I'm sorry if
I'm not supposed to bring that up but
I'm just saying cuz it's basically a
pair like and Josh was always like
really cool um no I'm with that thing
flash and of course you know the
Ballinger is like obviously I've talked
to only Jessica but she's always been
super sweet and again like I said if I
had nothing nice to say I just want you
and say any of this at all but like it
was really good and like I would not say
that much I really really thought it so
I was so impressed like I said I I'm
generally like a hater like on projects
at youtubers do and I just don't talk
about it like if I you know I don't
think a lot of things are good so I just
don't talk about it but this was like
amazing like it was really good so
congratulations Colleen and I feel like
she totally deserves like I said I don't
know her but like I think all people
deserve good things in this life right
everybody I think does and I think it's
awesome and I hope think I pray they get
season 2 I don't know why they want it I
didn't even see her on turns on I
thought she had tweeted and I just
didn't even look you know but now became
like this huge Colleen of marinus and
all of a sudden um yeah it's it's
amazing I'm at all I can say it's
absolutely amazing an amazing cast and
kind of think I forgot anyone I'm the
person who plays the hot guy is hot I
look to my put Instagram like he was he
was really good at scary
was really good too like um the mom's
boyfriend Keith for a few episodes oh my
god so fucking weird like that's why I'm
saying like just weird and random and
their lines there were some that I
laughed out loud you guys like I was
sitting here laughing out loud which I
don't ever do i him maybe once in a
while at like certain sitcoms I watch on
TV maybe but I was like laughing out
loud because I was like I wish I could
remember I should have burned them down
I did not know I was gonna like fall in
love with as much as I did or the
characters but it was really really good
so you know check out haters back off on
Netflix huge code Trish for a temper
sometimes
f no kosis this sounds like a
sponsorship but I swear it's not and
like I said I have no personal
connection or tie or anything to any of
them so um this is just an honest
reaction but I'm vlogging um I'm eating
clockworks burritos once again I feel
like I never get enough food I'm eating
these again because I bought so many
damn Fritos I don't like Fritos I'm
trying to eat them so they don't go to
waste
and editing videos for you guys so
that's I'm doing Wisconsin Badgers Big W
and looking at jewelry online cos I'm a
Shopaholic
and then ugly this one's done processing
l three minutes three minutes till done
processing alright guys that's it and
I'll talk to you soon everything else to
walk watching surviving Compton crazy
movie and just got a fresh pizza
delivered and of course editing videos
are there letting it process while I
watch this little thing and laundry
going productive night that first bite
of pizza though
tomorrow sense I'd chew Apple and I
don't care my food I swallow I'm chewing
I'm killing I'm doing I'm doing who is
so weird
Jamie Kennedy is playing the manager so
weird send a knock off of like Straight
Outta Compton left I need to stop with
these movies that they are addictive -
be duck
