Ã¶zil pie
my hand
we're in
three
that's not over there
oh my god the guy was a bundle phone off
like a girl
and so this time I died it's blowing
y'all supposed to mated three things
that Chips Ahoy blueberry muffins apple
juice chips and popcorn and I'm
currently making and look at all this
cute Bath & Body Works things I got two
for your car then I got some man soaps
and candles and then I got those creepy
twins from his Peregrine's but yeah I'm
about to make some grilled cheese but I
wanted to start my tater tots since it
takes longer to do to them tats so I'm
going to start making some grilled
cheese y'all my favorite thing I've been
eating I literally have been having like
two grilled cheeses a day they're so
delish
all right so just mission buttering my
bread putting that on okay I wish you
guys what I was doing so I am watching a
Lifetime movie like on the side but like
also on the side you guys do this you
guys like watch youtube videos while you
watch TV - I'm obsessed but lin-manuel
Miranda heated in the heights and I'm
Hamilton like Keith the creator of those
shows like starting I'm gonna let stuff
he's like amazing and so talented um I
was watching him host SNL it's so funny
this monologue if you're into like
musical theater and Broadway
like you'll love this opening it was so
good but also like I watched these
upstairs already on my iPad but she's
not showing because I'm in my different
a different account um but this one -
the crucible cast party is so freaking
funny like I said if you're like a
theater person so you'll definitely love
it let me just um but yeah this one was
good - where he goes outside and like
brings pizza to people in line this one
was great from same night stranger
things is great I don't watch new things
with the parrot the parody was like
everything but this was amazing
if you ever heard of your high school
theater like you would love it anyways
that's what I'm hustle doing I love all
the systems are in that bag and I'm like
waiting to try it on for you guys like I
don't worry like I'm going to memos we
got me the one thing I want to do a
chocolate chip cookie krisp sings from
someone tried to me if I mimic
everything always a part of a t-shirt I
believe is got some cradle - holy an
eclipse I got some you know wine in a
box miss like white on a sense of
envision right now Karen apple juice
like the other large a stores better we
make my cheese's email all the way over
here the truth a little bit like
sizzling and personally just beat a cook
over here now they're cooking the trash
right you're getting Brooklyn
I asked about these as a little gift for
someone special
and then I also got him like some
Cologne he always smells amazing um but
he just whereas I acts which is a great
it smells great on him but I wanted to
give him these because I've heard of
great things for men's cologne and then
since I picked myself up soap and
candles I got him some as well
oh my gosh guys I am such an amazing
amazing cook
so I kind of decide between the two so
I'm actually gonna have both and oh my
gosh you guys like how good does that
look like literally my childhood
literally I'm 12 years old
literally I'm a housewife cooking and
watching lifetime like why am I not
wiped up yet at 28 my way that guy was
on uh and also home inframan feels hot
oh yeah okay so I always go separate my
computer always just like heating alone
on my couch
life okay so we are going to just ignore
those extremely pale legs down there but
I'm so sick of wearing pants oh just
can't get spray tan
cuz of my boobs I mean I could but then
I can spear my boobs and that would look
weird if my legs were super tan my boobs
were not but this is my OTD going out to
lunch super excited and my Zevon shake
first I have been loving many purses
because sorry I'm trying to focus you
guys on my boobs and just tryna shit my
nose I've been loving little purses
because of course supposed to be like
carrying that much um but yeah anyways
I'm so super excited I got ready and
literally like 30 minutes he's just like
I want to take you to lunch I was like
okay cool so I'm really excited to see
him it's been in about a day or two I
miss him um but I was watching Rosie and
this morning when he texted I was like
watching all the episodes but I started
with season 9 because and I got into
Rosie I'm like after it was off the air
like I didn't watch it all's on the air
like I was during my time I just never
really watched it while was on air
because I lived in Chicago like I lived
that kind of life like that we were like
middle-class like lower middle class or
right like just barely getting by sort
of thing
um when I was really young so I just
never really wanted to watch it I was
like I would watch over the hills divert
to it I don't like a Joe life that I
don't have and that I want to have
anyways I was watching that and it's
really really sad and really really
fucked up because I actually watched the
last episode first because I just wanted
to see you never saw the scene finale so
I wanted to see it and it's so fucked up
if you guys haven't seen it I would say
spoiler alert but it's literally been 25
years or something like that um but Dan
Connor dies why is like what yeah it's
really sad so then I start going back
from watching and she was like it was
kind of cool she's like recreating like
all her favorite like TV shows and stuff
and like it's something I would do if I
had my own TV show um but yeah this
dress by the way I just totally did an
OTT and dreamed tell you guys where it's
from
this dress oh I think he's here this
dress is from American Eagle and I've
been getting into their stuff so that's
it okay guys oh wait so lunch was so
amazing I did not vlog any of it um but
it was okay I really wanted to I love
show you guys my food I really do love
vlogging and I love logging home with it
just really sucks because like I'm gonna
rant about it but again it just sucks I
actually really do love sharing my life
with you guys so much and it just sucks
that people have to be so fucking mean
on the internet like it does you know
and like I said I can deal with the hate
but like it's not cool it's about other
people in my life like it's fucking that
cool to me like it just did it fucks
with me it's like you know this about me
or whatever it's like okay I'm cool
myself you know I'm good enough with
myself you can also kind of fuck me up
but you know I mean but it was amazing
it was a really good lunch so I'm kind
of glad I did a vlog of his it was great
just be we didn't snap shot we took one
picture because he thought if I had a
thin mint adult milkshake which is so
good it's chocolate it's like a
chocolate shake with mint liqueur and
Bailey's and it's so good we got so good
and a match merge Yvonne she pursed
actually and it was like sitting up on
the things doing like a high table and
he's like oh my god I take a picture of
you because it matches like so perfect
and so I was kinda thank you today
sounds like a heck hole but that's it
that's all the social media basically
and posted it after cuz um he had to go
to work but yeah anyway so I came home
when I filmed
a video it's October so it's Breast
Cancer Awareness Month and my mom was
diagnosed with breast cancer last year
so definitely just did an awareness
video to help support get that early
detection on and then also I got this
really cute package from joey'll mr.
Selma which I can properly show you
oh yeah op cute okay kill um yeah so
they basically will be like is it
considered like a PR package but
obviously like Joey's my friend and he's
just like I need your address I want to
send you my book and I was like cool so
super nice and I'm like I would totally
go out buy his book by the way like
actually Michelle was are too messy back
there um I hasn't trash back there
earlier right took it out but you know I
was really buy his book and he didn't I
mean if you guys watch from vlogs back I
used to download his iTunes all the time
like his music like I'm just a supporter
of supporting like youtubers anyways but
obviously he's my friend and so he
except me the children at Eden book that
his out which is really nice it's really
actually a beautiful book just to kind
of have like I think it's a really cute
like just slicing um he's on tour right
now but so cool that he wrote like a
fiction book like I wrote an erotic
fiction book uh he thought Amazon was
Miley selling book of any of them but
it's it's really hard to write fiction
because um you know you have to really
be immersed in that world you have to be
in that world like you have to be those
character it's really hard because it's
just continuity and everything - it's
like keeping up and figuring out what
happened and just even backstories that
you don't even explain in the book like
it's really hard but the fact that this
is set in a futuristic setting like it
makes it I would assume ten times harder
and I think it's really cool but um New
York Times bestselling author trackers
have been so crazy at Kosh and to know
in person and he's just like literally
like the sweetest person I've ever met
like just so nice and humble it's like
crazy that is like a best-selling author
and he's just doing so well from Southie
as a beautiful home and just a beautiful
life and he's younger than me and just
doing amazing things has his like his
own shows that he's bruised and me it's
insane to me so um thank you so much for
this and what's really Q about his PR
package and they eat it to me letter
which I have yet to open but it says
Trisha which I should open eyes like
sightings everyone showing their their
packages no something too
sister I love your outlook I'm like how
big your hardest to those who love thank
you for being a good friend of Macy's
and love Joey
nice is my cleanup ever Oh Joey this was
like literally so sweet
oh my god Joey I love you so much like
honestly like I'm not like even if you
don't he's one of you like even if you
don't see them like all the time like
and they always reach out to like see me
and hang out and it's like they're
really just want really nice people just
really pure beautiful those nice hearts
Joey
probably has the nicest Pierce heart of
anybody I've ever met including youtuber
or otherwise just really really nice
like even if you gossip or like tried
like not you know just gossip I should
say Top Chef but just like gossip about
people you thought was just really kind
to people he never is like you know I
can get a little catty sometimes but
obviously not you know not to hurt
anyone's feelings but he's always just
really sweet and he never really joy
he's just sweet he's just nice like I
love Joey and then got put these in the
PR packages too which you can't really
see out of it literally looks like
you're a spider but I mean I think
they're really really cute but they
literally can't see out of these like I
don't understand these but I think they
look cool but like oh my gosh I got
actually it actually hurts my eyes that
wad like it looked like a spider like
you look like you're seeing like eight
things what I was super excited about
like so random and like I actually was
going again purchased this but they were
like awful lot a lot of things I wanted
is from his crystal wolf draw real I'm
Joey edible and your chef is coming back
in stock but like I think I saw Roe from
Rowan MO you know nerdy nummies she had
like a bracelet or something and I
really want that and they were sold out
I really went to websites check um but I
love this so much I buy crystal
necklaces like all the time so I was
like really excited about it I was like
yeah I was like cool so from crystals so
thanks Joey for that
um actually film like a boob job video
and then I was gonna film some Hello
Kitty stuff but I'm going to say that
for another day because my energy got
really low the night she's me I just
wanna take like a minute and like chill
because I'm it's just been a big outing
for me today so we're just jealous but
yeah my night and um tomorrow night my
hair done
I'm gonna go apple picking this week and
then
Dancing with the Stars night we always
watch together um me my favorite person
and yeah that's pretty much it so that's
tonight that's the week make it a good
one
