alright guys I like to wear these
light-up shoes when I go out in case I
get lost at nighttime I'm easily spotted
yeah so I've just been filming videos
all day and I decided to go up to the
movies tonight so I'm waiting for my
ride and yeah
actually I didn't decide to go to the
movies someone asked me to watch movies
and I was like um yeah um but anyways
yeah we're just being soup cache and I'm
wearing this Iron Maiden shirt which I
am obsessed with I get all my van tees
off Etsy I got these new genes from gap
I was just talking on snapchat like what
am i thick girls feel about jeans do you
feel like they Spanx right Spanx your
thighs or do you think they like put
your fat thighs on display also I love
the length of these though they now come
in short so they have a regular short
and long and so for my short girls we no
longer have to dry our jeans which I'm
all about it so yeah so there's my OTD
got some thick hair going on tonight
little ladies I think I'm in Rock of
Ages and my batteries left I of course
of course right as I'm about to go out
but you know why I filmed on this video
soon or on this camera to say that's
probably why look you guys well clean my
kitchen is like kind of I mean for me
it's clean I'm retired charge you guys a
little bit I'm like literally even for a
few minutes but I'll charge you the best
I can
we're gonna go see Solly we're at
Parkside there's like a premiere going
on out there the Disney Channel premiere
probably was called but this is like the
bougie better everyone our clan I was
like boozy they serve alcohol to working
with each I'm gonna make sure we're back
home super stoked
now I feel way under dress that I know
we're here with the CRO there Mooji
Mooji theater oh my god I forgot to
mention pops he didn't handle it the
little popcorn in it like so adorable I
die I live
action blow blow blow
there's about blow no we're all gonna
die if we pick you up
excited meeting my manager for lunch
I want to be moving soon so I does not
need to be doing vanity key for a place
I hate I don't hate it I strongly
dislike it but anyways that is what
we're doing that's what we're doing I've
had multiple personalities that's it I'm
JJ and super super stoked smokey out
I just been filming videos this morning
and editing who its rightful all days of
don't burn my sunglasses my purse is so
small because I can't carry something
too happy and it's warmer and I'm
wearing a black sweater
it was just chilling at my house I
thought I was it was chilly outside
the fan is on
so portal harvesting over there
a little picture be the tour through
driver that because it's so bright can't
because we're reading only
six-and-a-half insertable we got that oh
there's no cute so you guys I watch this
whole video already I already
snapchatted it but I thought I'd share
with my blogging channel I'm just eating
some pizza by the way don't mind me but
yeah this channel is called rot while
Russ via 5544 subscribers and they did
this reacting to my videos and they're
so funny so cute they are gay ladies ah
I'm so mad but they're both so cute like
okay this is like Trisha 21 years old
would definitely want to bang daddy over
here and Trisha now would probably bang
him just because my tastes have changed
but they're both so freakin hot anyways
yeah so I love this video they have an
amazing channel I've been watching a lot
of their videos but I thought I would
just like to show you guys I commented I
want to thank both of you because I'm a
classy little bitch like that
don't mind me there's like 11 mouth so
life was my life my time sometimes were
like one transfer was God knocking a
warning out me I just wanted to have
feet done and I hope one just yellow a
Rekluse but you guys everything I'm
starting like a movie right now
good night so I also got some pasta some
fettuccine alfredo - the chicken that's
the movie I'm watching it's like about a
girl who has an abusive boyfriend
I just are watching it's called reviving
Ophelia took a couple years old but
gotta watch gotta love those Lifetime
movies so I'm gonna eat some of this I'm
gonna chow down
there's my diet cokes you all know it's
not spiked with anything not drinking
but I love this pasta so much it's
actually really good you want anything
Domino's chocolate pasta but it's really
mom
mmm so good guys I'm gonna dream tonight
living the dream
my Batman shirt that's matching with
mine we have matching ones because
everything's so much lately good thing I
was pregnant I would love that I
shouldn't even joke about it I would
love to be writing it but the cards for
me eat your pasta
