okay guys this is that little cart from
The Container Store and we used it
yesterday to carry up a lot of boxes
that I got at the post office and this
thing is amazing it's like this like
little like push cart and it's good for
the groceries too if you guys have like
if you go up an elevator or something
and you have a lot of groceries this is
like amazing we got it from The
Container stores if you're relatively
cheap I want to get $25 and it fit a lot
of boxes in there and it's just really
great it's like with baby stroller
except my babies are like my Louboutins
and my Prada bags and other cheap shit
that I buy um it's really really cute
and it's really really handy so I'm
gonna rolling it out back downstairs
okay guys and also just like look at
this real quick this is everything I
need to haul ASAP
oh my god I need to get on my filming
game hey yo we're back in the car vlogs
you know I just bother you that you're
that low because like honestly I'm
looking at myself and II feel really
like me that I should slow down a little
bit but bothers you for that low let me
know I'm just trying not to have you hit
a little like you're like what a half
inch from the rearview mirror anything
last time that's what was making me
jingle jangle Bojangles what's up guys
driving to my hopefully last doctor's
appointment for a while to get my final
stitches out I went for a post-op the
day after um
a week later I want to get my burn Oh
three days later I went to get my drains
out a week later I want to get my
staples out and today I am hopefully
gonna get my stitches out I say
hopefully has left I've had a boob job
it literally I went there like seven
times and look Oh nope so she's not
ready so it's not ready and they love
big-ass scars on my nips and my boobs
which by the way you guys I wish I could
show you my naked boobs where god I
would the transformations amazing but
there's like no scarring anymore on them
don't you think that's what I'm most
happy about let go of me but I can't
otherwise it looks the same I can tell
the difference oh my god there's
McDonald's we need a food because I will
pass out because every time they took
out staples or anything that's on my ass
you see I'm not signaling um I like
legit feel like passing out so I
definitely need just get lower I kind of
fixed you all I feel like my head is
completely cut off and all you're seeing
is this nasty-ass zit on maybe that
won't go away why do I get these oh so
obnoxious
order I don't want to help you yes can I
get an Egg McMuffin meal please yes and
on the Egg McMuffin can I just get the
egg and the muffin no me or no cheese
please both laughing yeah no meat no
cheese something um and I also get a
hoarder of hot cakes um and actually
kind of pumpkin spice latte to Radiothon
yeah medium come okay that's it okay so
D :
okay thank you I'm gonna come on a fit I
don't want to eat it the rest of it now
I'm trying really not to post me
this is solo I decide but you guys are
gonna be try not to post me and I have
been doing really good at that but look
if I go out to eat with friends is one
thing but to not a meat album so okay
the may be better maybe
bring my dolly parton's watcher today
I'm gotta represent moving the wheel
kind of hurts a little bit like not hurt
but it's just tender really wanted to
try my pumpkin spice everyone is just
really oh really oh my god this guy just
cut right in front of me no signal like
so close people are really just thinking
a weird impatient driving mood mode
today like it's actually kind of scary
because usually I'm like fine driving
for me it also comes I haven't driven in
a minute I should tell you
people are crazy
um yeah and you guys are shaking I'm
gonna turn you off in just a second book
first oh my god Supergirl let the girl
from Glee like when we got bad like in
the last seasons
there's a stoplight try my coffee and
turn you off in that order
hey guys here is the pumpkin spice from
McDonald's
that is so fricking Glenn mmm I love the
frothiness of it
mm that might that might be better then
Starbucks that is so yeah I mean okay
guys now I'm gonna be driving and listen
to my knockoff Garth Brooks on iTunes
I'm doing a whole video on that but yeah
guys I look kind of presentable today
though ever me like oh my gosh you like
actually look like you're not almost
Thanks
except for that I should flatter in this
piece I just totally noticed that now
look view from my doctor's office so
pretty
cosmic air we are down in Newport Beach
so get really creepy uncle the lighting
I still have my stitches in I have to
come back on Thursday a week so there's
a today's Tuesday's have every Thursday
meeting for two more days my stitch in
them the struggle is so real you guys
this place is really far from my house
Joe to me literally two hours to get
down here today
I mean I know obviously didn't excite to
take it out really is not good because
especially was saying it my whole apex
is being held and supported by stitches
so if I got them taken out early my boob
could fall apart so again that's not
ready this is just like Vince Lloyd cuz
I literally drove two hours my skin is
so bad I'm scheduling a dermatology
pointment this is actually crazy how bad
my skin has been getting it's a crazy
I'm frustrated I'm just sad I guess and
just like I don't know just fresh it's
just frustrating lustrous frustrating in
fact I still have stitches in for
another ten days meaning it's gonna be
again difficult to shower because you
know once again can't get them wet and
just it just sucks but what are you
gonna do
um nice so I guess I'm gonna go get my
nails done cuz I people clean my house
I'm gonna get my nails done and I have
to go track down some packages I I gave
them we have a walker system now in our
building it's actually been in place but
I gave in and just bought one which i
think is bullshit
because they didn't tell me when I moved
in that doesn't have to buy one
what is back there what you're seeing
back there
but I gave him because it's just a lot
easier obviously to do that except now
it's not so easy because I just realized
was all going to my junk email and I
haven't getting the notifications that
my heck just Irish I gotta figure out if
they're still there
got figure out how to use the locker
system hopefully I hackage is stopping
stolen up hopefully you never know so
anyways that's what I'm doing
get these nails done eyebrows waxed back
to LA another true forget hours in this
car oh are you gonna do so crazy hmm
she
I got this cup with a little strappy and
then I got the shiny cup cause I can't
resist shiny thing
waiting for something funny
oh thank you
it says canon g7x pretty I think yeah
nothing they
pumpkin spice latte I can get it
that cigarettes on your board do it
less chance procrastinate
unless I go that like that great
honestly no back of my camera he thank
you he was
I was getting I was literally getting a
cup set to I already knew the copper saw
the china cup it means Elisha sent us to
grab it and he like oh I thought you got
out of line I was like trying out front
me out and literally grabbed a cup for
two seconds anyways kind of nice I'll
take it with agreement everything goes a
day has been nothing a happy day I was
expecting I'm getting researchers
outfits out them so I'm in Irvine wolf
at Irvine on the soundtrack filter which
county I've got to get on freeway I saw
lovely and Nails and Spa to see if they
have time to do my nails there's one by
my house that'll always have time but I
need to be honest so see how that goes
this area to clean down here so like
let's go pick you thank you so much
it's called impossible just cool things
yeah it's like a little pill I got my
purple nails young
it's different for fall but Halloween
time but I wanted it cuz it was bright
and pretty so that's I got it yeah and
then I got matching toes ha ha ha
and my eyebrows and my lips or my lip
not my lips awesome
ok next errand of the day target
we're in Sophie yes hey he scared me boy
you
arabela oh yeah oh how cute I fucking
love him he will come say hi to me
didn't really scared me though good like
usually like when I get on my car like
with cars really recognizable right so
like when I get out of my car I do kind
of look around just in case like someone
does see my car I mean obviously the
bright ass pink car like Hello you know
you mean so you never know and I'm
always like just like look around just
in case and it's fine like whatever I
don't care like I said I love it so much
but I hooked around and start walking
like no one's really around to start
falling because also I feel weird when
people get me when I vlog sometimes Oh
so generally did scare me but she was so
sweet and so pretty
yell are always which I see guys never
met a creepy person in real life wow I
have met a good person in real life but
that's a whole other story
okay so I just got my period in l1 so
coming out atm
wasn't in front of sensory machine which
she said what time no I'm gonna quickly
buy a little box of tampons go change in
the the bathroom and then do my shopping
because I really want to enjoy my target
experience which it kind of hurts
he's always happen like a quarter could
get a tampon in the bathroom I like
walking like with my legs really really
tight cuz what's the question
I bet Jim I really would enjoy all the
holding stuff they have very guys open
tampon box means emergency emergency
defeated deflected I don't know
got this one Halloween beam is it is
pretty good
and then get making to unnecessary maybe
he is breaking their soft
you always need socks my high school
makeup so we're going to night up didn't
have the exact high school makeup I use
but got some dupes for 2005 I'm gonna go
tasty at Starbucks
feeling good and we're back buying boxes
so unnerving
we have closest on your basically
cooking montage you would be like yeah
tiny boat way to bring it to a chocobo
gift card
twenty-five dollars that's not real
friend tackle ball cheat everyone or
talk about everybody has a dollar if I
guess this is like really embarrassing
to admit my god okay so there is a thing
like sex talking your exploit runs right
like people stock their ex-boyfriends um
I don't think it's like too uncommon
especially you just gone through a
breakup or as still fresh we're talking
days weeks months but when it's been
years is that kind of sad then you moved
on yeah that's a little sad anyways what
I do
oh my god this is so embarrassing ii
actually done this was like a lot of my
ex-boyfriends live only i really add
like three boyfriends in my whole life
but like i do this with a lot of them
all three of them is i go and search
their names on twitter so i could put
their search name i don't even know this
was focused i put their search name and
twitter come on my shopping tabs i have
up so much um but anyways i was i type
in anything with the hall like I do this
with I'm a crazy I'm a crazy person but
anyways it's so crazy because like I
don't know I'd have a Taylor Mahal like
nobody gives any fucks about you know my
call but where was it with echo when I
look he attacked on his neighbor again
this guy am and there's like a video of
it these ads
New York Daily News stop this guy like
oh my gosh stop why can't I eggs out at
this I do not want to see Supergirl oh
you're going to wait for Supergirl to
finish but I am not about to give them
more promotion because I can't exit out
okay there we go let there kaneki open
in Los Angeles and Hall yelled at him to
close it the neighbor then called a
9-1-1 video obtained by TMZ this was
september 13 so like i haven't been
keeping up my stocking but they do show
it anyways you can go watch it there
because I don't like play it I don't
know what the copyright things but there
is but anyways I had stalked him in like
a good month right I don't know why I'd
like to know what they're doing and
being when he's still being crazy like
he was doing this stuff like seven years
ago when like we were together like
being crazy like
insane like he begged girls for head
when we were together like gat insane um
and I saw him wilt I don't think you
should you guys why not on snapchat when
I was in purgatory to have like a
Breakfast Club like set up thinking his
like big face was on like the box of it
like the cardboard like box like it was
a big display I was like good made me
think of him just like let's just see
what Michaels doing um
yeah I'm a creeper like oh my god like I
think it's different cuz he's like
somewhat of a celebrity so like there's
a little bit more activity so but also
maybe that's like less like weird
because he is a celebrity like I'm like
keeping up with the gossip and not
stalking my ex-boyfriend um I hate
giving anyone the satisfaction of like
them knowing that I do this but I feel
like everybody does and I feel like it's
a taboo thing and I feel like it is
really weird but at the same time like I
hope it's not so if you like do this let
me know in the comments below like I
don't know I went to see who he's dating
he's been dating the same girl for like
four years I'm like a creeper when I saw
him in church like after we were done
and I was with my sister like he was
with this girl and I was like four years
ago won't cuz we lived in the same town
and apparently Cilla's our cousin says
in his condo in that little video is
from his little like condo area so I was
like hi so they're so long but anyways
I'm being a creeper I just ordered some
began to express I mean my Superman
shirt films a bunch of videos you guys
I'm editing that and now and I'm gonna
have some fried rice and watch scream
queens
it's my night and i'm supersized for a
night as a date night with somebody so
yeah tomorrow I'm going to get all
dolled up film some videos have a shell
day and then go out and I am I'm excited
though I'm not gonna be on my couch
again but yeah that's I'm doing okay so
finalizing that video watching Teen Mom
2 Annie in some Panda Express
I'm so excited through Erie oh my gosh
so warm I got a panda bull with Beijing
beef y'all I would do an eating show but
I already done one and I pretty much get
the same thing all the time
yes and then I got a bunch of sides I
got like a little bit of the honey
walnut shrimp which is actually really
good if you like shrimp there's a little
honey on that and then I got some fried
rice and some chow mein which is already
open some chow mein
I love these night oh this is 28 years
old everybody having a piece of Panda
Express and watching Teen Mom hook yeah
there it is
my favorite is Macy I like Chelsea Oh
Farrah when I
