okay guys this is our Monday morning we
are doing hair extensions permanent
we're eating these amazing Snickers
crispers that are weird is like obsessed
with we had so many it's so many water
so much sugar I just grab my water too
because we're just like angels they're
like protein bar so we're their protein
bars
um so yeah we're doing a hair extensions
watching burlesque we are doing here I'm
running between a store and they were
eating and get usual being so serious
back there with the hair extensions are
they looking
they are looking good amazing I said
that do a demonstration real quick hey -
told it real quick just so that people
can get out you need to open a new
package yeah oh wow this is gonna be
good if you Sean know it's easy the
benefit is getting away a secret anybody
could put to tape peaches of tape
together really what you're crazy
because everybody should wait what are
these it's all your fault
yeah another the little take it or no
okay the mono and then you see like
just there one side the haired glued on
it and the other side is where you peel
like a curling like a sticker take that
off now it's like that's the sticky side
you get a thin layer of hair the closer
perfect again once you get a thin row of
hair you get the sticky part put it
underneath
plot that put underneath then you get
the other piece of hair do the same
thing pull it off OC for two pieces here
on one yeah and then you put it on top
of where you put the first piece and
then it's mushy like a sandwich
so her real hair is actually like
Bologna and this is bread and there
there you have it really yep that is out
you know it yes
look at these shoes he's putting away
right now they're like kind of
everything Romeo and Juliet inspired oh
the pricing Caribbean yes ah they're so
gorgeous but we're putting him in my
disney case I kind of live for this case
it's like all shoes now it's a good my
shoe display
okay guys you guys want to see the final
result of hair there's his uses booty
you're like trying to like oh you you
look though hairstyle was it's like Jew
rag you know you kind of look everything
oh yeah the make it kind of loose like
you know those ghetto girls from back I
don't like to yell meow when I look like
fucking Princess Leia pray no no you
look cute cat when Christina in the
movie you were just watching really look
and I try to wear did you see I put on
whole ideas do it like you don't look
like I should belong on the music videos
Cinderella etc but felt like you're just
scrubbing floors Cinderella who dad oh
really good picture I'm not even kidding
those are she really pretty oh that was
kind of everything I love that you
really got down and did it no very like
very bougie though and I'm matching with
these ooze and this is my finished Harry
Wyatt I've got the tape ends in there's
Angela these are again he like
reiterated to me like once you wash them
they become more volume but like I just
love the way they look I love how like
natural blends right here I'm kind of
obsessed first time angela has done my
like tape in extensions and I'm like
obsessed
better than any salon that I've gotten
done a hundred percent
that oh my gosh so ready yeah I feel
like myself again hair flip
hair flip hair flip everyone do it here
plan here but okay ready everybody here
put one two one two hair flip okay I saw
hot pink went up there that swell bottle
how do you know color they are other
scenes yeah like I like this one these
are so blue gee it's like a boy wasn't
saying enjoyed over there from the like
get shit done I know we're like I saw
the water bottles well you know me when
we see the water bottles I'm just like I
gotta get them I know I kind of want the
pink one up there like an ocean or
flowers or flower and ocean wait look at
this hot pink one now I want this one
wait does this keep cold cold and hot
hot water like breathing
okay I'm gonna get man you get up like
dancing and like put what yeah and keep
it happening that's what in the hose one
of these carts to carry on my packages
up I won't want to be like I don't
plastic containers they can put candy
and you know how like all the bougie
people have like candy in there yeah or
like the cookies and then yeah which one
should I get when you're gonna want
three or the cookie jars oh yeah that's
what I want I'm like it's gonna be a
couch potato you can just grow all your
snacks to the couch oh my god that's
kind of actually I kinda love that idea
water
your wine and all your snacks okay oh my
god the Thursday so so these are the
finished products hair extensions buy at
Prince angel 1987 on Instagram and
choose our by zombie Peep Show
on Etsy
