Oh
at the Rihanna Fenty
hey Zeus over there with his sentence we
got our matching frenzy he's actually
the one who I know no you were the one
who told me and I thought at first I was
like oh my gosh I would never ever way I
look crazy but I you were the one who
told me this outfit right here I want
more than anything
you look like Aladdin you look so cute
and I am I Justin Bieber shirt both ways
it looks so bad I'm getting my hair
extensions taped in tomorrow permanently
and I got a my skin is so good today and
then we're positive sweet we keep
extensions and we're gonna go see a
movie
golly I love it
every every respect but I think this is
why God
yummy what what's that
I'm in a boy
who do you want everywhere like
I'm sitting closer now
and they gave us some plates and
utensils which I actually plan on
ordering from racelle
but great thing that bucha has such
large portions because someone is coming
over to surprise me and he's like I'm
gonna bring dinner and I said well I
just ordered some food but I will share
my food and so he's coming over and
literally so soon so I'm like baby I
cook no I'm just kidding I didn't say I
cooked I said I posed me to boot back
because he's like no I know I'll just
bring over food and I was just like no I
trust me this is a lot like I said I
ordered it for like myself I just
thought it's gonna be a long night which
is totally cool whatever I was like I'm
shelling but obviously I want to eat oh
they're like oh they gave me the wrong
thing oh he's so disappointed what is in
there I can still eat around it it's
like baked something except me in there
I don't think I like what anyway it's
not a big deal everything from Brooke is
good that's this morning by the way so
excited try those tomorrow the new
pumpkin spice cake ups McDonald's but I
just watched pour some simply eliminated
and my what do you call it my October
September favorites I mentioned I was on
a life updates video sorry I mentioned I
was loving apple juice but right now
apple juice so I got some lemon on and
I'm filling it up
you're the peanut butter to my jelly I'm
just gonna have a little bit of that I
kind of watched I'm gonna try this
you know when you're like oh I look so
crazy
oh my god I look and saying you know
what you're like really looking forward
to some things and then it gets here in
your life now this is by the way it's a
I showed you a it's a Justin Bieber
shirt I wore out say last day of short
hair yeah I'm just gonna try ur like the
noodle part of this it looks like it's
like a beef thing which I like I like
beef technically because I like steak
and McCann burgers but I don't like
sometimes the beef and pasta like with
pasta but these noodles look different I
still feel like a big beauty but it does
have that mini flavor in it which I
don't love with Rocco but whatever pose
mates that's what you get someone else
get your food looks so gross but it's
like by the way this lighting though
whoa
so M let's get in the dirt she'll put in
my my Christmas lights
I ordered this hard drive today couple
of music videos with okay alright just
real quick yelling I'm not gonna be di
this is not a big deal but some people
saw pictures last night of who I was
with at the highway Bowl and we're like
oh my gosh you guys are liars your sham
hmm
all the sisters I really don't want to
bring I really don't want a bring
attention tour I promise just because I
choose not to share my personal life has
much with you guys on this vlogging
channel not by choice but because people
are mean and they're assholes quite
frankly doesn't mean I'm lying about
something when you choose to keep
something private that doesn't mean
you're lying I'm gonna get a little bit
of like it doesn't mean you're lying
about it
you're choosing to keep something
special private and that should be
completely respected on YouTube 100%
because I'd love to share my life that
doesn't mean I need to share other
people's lives that are in mind you know
I mean and I value relationships and
friendships way too much you have to
expose or not not not
exposed we're having to put people out
there to be judged when they don't
fucking deserve that you know yeah
finding up for this blogging thing I you
want to put that out there it's like not
it's like you can't win it's like I show
somebody and I think oh my god you show
me too much and then I don't show
someone's like you're a light you're
trying to hide something it's like no
I'm just I'm just trying to live him
along
I don't do photos no just kidding
um she ran up things happened today one
it post me watch my videos was just
totally fine but she took a picture of
me and I looked crazy so sorry for that
and then - I had an actual person in my
real life that I knew whom crazy stalked
me today at my house
thank God I have a gate and the guard
called me and was like hey this person
has a package for you
and then I she's a cage for shows in
your areas like okay I'm not home so
scary anyways thank God my my date for
the evening is coming over because I was
actually kind of a little scared and a
little tripped out I didn't know he's
coming but it was just perfect timing so
anyway it's kind of scary um but yeah I
said uh say that lil disclaimer I love
crazy I know I mean I was just like
literally chill out so I said to her I
was like I was literally this John but I
should probably brush my hair so I'm
gonna go he's like I'm gonna bring you
dinner and I was like no it's good I got
dinner this is the best second donut is
so far for me and I was so excited and
that's a nice coffee and I'm looking
take a sip of it and drink the rest of
in the morning but I still really really
excited
