good morning guys see we started I'm
learning all day another hour
hey I look crazy I go to the gym to work
out I don't know what you guys or girls
were both replied to by the way this
thing is everything if you guys work out
having a giant iPad especially if you
were hurting like a gym or like a public
gym a giant iPad like having your own
personal TV i watch Monty Williams
YouTube in it anyways
that's some breakfast with you guys I
would start off with some fruit oh I do
look a little tanner I gotta go shower
but this tan solution is great it's a
lot lighter because where's paranoid
well I was paranoid about my hair but
when I go in case you missed you can
burn a lot darker but I'm just gonna eat
the rest on my cantaloupe slices and
maybe some water bra let me just go back
and forth I was craving some this boy oh
I actually love working out in the
mornings I need to do that more because
it really does give me so much more
energy like it's not a clapping like
bouncing off the walls please don't say
job okay at myself eating I wish I like
bananas and like any blonde object was a
boy and you made it it doesn't matter I
spy how I look Maggie no I'll bet that
harpy
I don't know pre-sliced so much easier
to eat anyone
it's like get those wrong watermelons
and eat them and cut them up haven't to
have people do that Danny I can still
back in my hair
mr. Burke's item yeah that's gonna be
two days of tinsel cuz I thought I would
stop tinsel in my hair and they took
these sentence out but I thought they
were like on the extension but yeah she
does inside the hair we just died
because it lasts a long time obviously
soliton never came out like some strands
at the top but like I thought I want
double a what I had last time no
potential so we're gonna come he's in a
game for them like the same kind of
tinsel you put in before but then you
get some more gold tinsel tonight but
I'm busy tonight so I was like okay just
come back Wednesday and I think I'm not
more in like a little bit canceling once
then I'm not gonna probably over the
tinsel bag
do they have some more people do it I'm
not saying they're copying me because
obviously Beyonce and Adrienne Ruth and
I call a few legends will hear obviously
before me but I miss that person want to
start seeing anyone else do it something
they get on the trim but mmm Melek
tencel was so outdated people were so up
like ayo tinsel no I was doing it hi I'm
over it but I still love it I mean don't
get me wrong like I'm popping my lip
injection girls oh and I'm giving my
guys name I'll do those name is say
extensions by then - I'll take them on
Instagram and people haven't personally
to give me and asked me that in our life
all right garden is great
so it's like you know I mean I don't
want me moving not like that but he
doesn't know what you know what I mean
like sometimes you think you have more
thing and then like other people are
doing but like again not that way
because I literally got these so many
people so I'm not even saying
like a shady way and obviously I copy
someone with my pencil you know I mean
you know what I love them
Zach you know so hypocritical I love
that will watch me like get it thank god
you're saying you don't mean bladder hmm
oops over who cowers on this my
watermelons like frequent look there's
our cell calories on it I'm so confused
it's not have calories like why does
this one have calories jeez yeah I'm
missing something
I didn't get watermelon like you can eat
as much as you want like you there is a
good thing hold the watermelon diet you
should explain that guy so good
by another Diamond water and Arrowhead
this describes my life to team blue sea
blue G or traffic for actually I'm like
no in between
there should be an Avion or a Fiji here
but that's not me I'm one extreme or the
other
yeah this man says you know it doesn't
feel sticky like I need to rinse it off
but you're doing a shower this morning
but I have to take my spray handcuffing
Pez what a spray after only am i fine
anyways once follow me on IG wash your
penis you want to see more tags so
people that do stuff for me or people
that just perform services on me hi this
is not coming off Oh
waters been helping my skin someone yeah
one drink water guestrooms apply myself
I'm gonna have it one more spear as
always he ran out
and we'll get myself seriously mmm oh my
god eating watermelon we set for
tomorrow I'm going up that's good video
and joke on to you it's like soothing to
me but I would like other people say
it's my roots I wouldn't give her really
mine go out that much but I shouldn't
shoot about this with a genius
I need you to see how people act with no
one's around you're just young people
peep-peep on people outside Georgia a
long time was literally spoon in circles
look Arnie thumb just spending on
gerbils and then he meets looking at his
shoes and he's dressed nice if he's
dressed like me after you see but he
suit like put on a jacket and tie and
explain I feel look so serious and so
like legit and he looks pretty little
head like keep taking it one for alloc
we're gonna but issue
I just think I never used my cable I was
gonna get rid of this table oh did you
want to buy my place this year and I
want to shoot at all my furniture but
this tables real with me like literally
since I've moved on my own I think
that's like like a fishing on my own
like not the boyfriend not my mom that
nothing like I think I was like 22 or 23
I have so long Teixiera and the chairs
were like kind of dingy now my wrist I'm
you had for a long time will use it but
I'm not this more mo up and answering
emails am I get the tinsel see how close
just so much tensile everywhere I love
hi guys did need a camera
try to go on within hours and that
sometime today
like really baggy shirt on
but II almost an hour
having at least three miles
what a vicious time attending here today
sitting tonight it's mine that's better
why don't we step on that up and I need
to know Papa more than anything done got
on my diet
I've been eating fruits and chickens
away three miles little over two hours
calories
yeah I really push myself
and this is generis season seven cosplay
this is so sick Mike Mike Philpott just
killing it he's on Instagram now I'm
winning tagging he cuz it's not even
done yet but I'm so excited for this I'm
going someplace really cold and like a
lot a month and I'm really excited to
wear this and it's perfect for it this
is so sick
oh my gosh you guys and then the back of
it oh my gosh so it's literally yeah so
good oh I die and then the angle of it I
just the cup everything I just feel so
cute you guys this is another Daenerys
often I forget what she's in this is
from but I love it one of the older
seasons this when she was in queen of
the marine I always have to fix around
the nips because my nips are wonky or
Mike's he's always balancing and then
like I don't know if you got to make one
a little longer from a booth but he
added this sexy slim ba-ba-ba-boom
that's pretty out good what's the most
difficulty let's stuff dealing with
another oh yeah oh yeah this is all this
is so sick this is all like leather huh
is so gorgeous
oh nice to meet you hey guys um so so me
and Jason we're out shopping just for
fun just like get out of the house and I
wasn't about any money but we're going
on vacation next week and Alexis over
here like like you should try them on is
your mom these were like way above my
like food I know how expensive Gucci are
but you guys like like are these not
perfect like I
they go with my hair we're going into a
tropical place next to eat if I love it
so much
we're Jason Dalton and we see how he's
over there talking but we can be
matching in our food sheet I love it so
much
can you put your back with poochie's on
real quick yeah like how cute do we look
this is gonna be like our postcard one
purification XD dilemma you love him I
love yous me supportive be another guy
I've ever like known would be like no
don't get them there's true tacky
there's over-the-top but you love no
honestly I felt bad saying that you
should get them because then you know
I'm pretty fruit yeah but you were like
but they're just so everything
especially cuz you're going in Hawaii
and you wanna sing it
no we I feel like oh so low-key would
wear these two so I feel like it like a
sharing I'll be wearing them that's our
friend hair said yeah Jason was called
again out there that's where they were
and he's like just grab them and they
are amazing they're are like $1,300 but
I did not want to spend but I'm getting
em because who cares I thought that was
some masking tape there no just get the
whole head no I gotta go pay for these
now but they're so sick daddy Jason
approval for a done talking course I'm
nothing to say I was gonna vlog I a
nothing to say
nothing just feelings for me you they
gave me a kiss at the Grove off-camera
oh my god no we are at the Grove we were
at the Grove now we are can we spend the
whole day together we did spend the
whole day together
wait this is it I picked you up at 1:00
send some time with baby Trish we love
arms look at daddy arms you love it
you're a daddy arms like they're
embarrassing ah isn't be on fire be a
fire all right be very what's up guys at
the apartment that me and Jason share
hey what's up guys this is how its ncver
shush oh is it oh yeah and it's really
cool dad I found it I'm gonna try to
walk today
daddy they think of your hand cuz these
guys they don't give me any mercy sobs
Carly okay hello hello everybody out
there my name is Jason hey Carly
this is Carly she's we love her Oh
trying out for the game we ventured on
Twitter for so we're not like once as I
say anything ever work bonding the same
that's how I like social media good like
when you yes same-same that's that's
really interesting actually that's not
like when vine was when we all met
through my nose
yeah it's easy right because y'all get
and so it's not like that weird
yeah it's not like you already know what
we do yeah Carly carly Marin
I got a Jason Davis over there but he
he's always quiet by the way people move
on sour things David hates me he
actually loves me because I was really
quiet in my vlogs going I'm already sick
great with this accident yeah you guys
are both shooting people weapon man
Carly come over here and sit down you're
gonna have an in-depth interview Carly
here kaalia Polly and Aaron Carly what
is your least favorite trend on Twitter
what is your least favorite thing about
social media
what did annoys you you know I really
love social media um I think a lot of
people hate this but I hate the whole
relatable like a pizza Bay like like
everybody's watching me cuz I feel like
everyone's like trying to be relatable
and they're like like you said I think
that's like everything I think you are
really fake but like I think I was like
you guys it was the worst animal you
think you know I know I know I know
thank me looking like 3,000 pounds
that's a good angle on me I had a shoot
Steven Seagal once and um you did yeah I
mean he demanded that I stand on an
Apple box and shoot him down
bringing ah boxes we address to everyone
else
Ellen we're gonna partner with no one
who actually lives here we're just in
someone else's apartment it's like so
weird I don't be like me insane at the
house and no anyways yeah he was here oh
you're Santa Karl if you're in your
apartment
David's on my button Davis I can never
remove it in her music Keith he hates
Trish but actually love means on the
vlog season marked by x-men even does
not meet trash hey what's your favorite
television show mm-hmm
right now of all time right now I don't
watch TV right now I don't think I
literally like watching podcast that's
like all I watch hey wait what um I
wanna bring up with the dashians so it's
like all of us give me this camera time
you know yeah camera time a box we love
yeah that's remember they got a car you
wheel it might also yeah also yeah your
fingers over there like a lot we love
yous i promo you baby oh i wish you guys
video welcome back to view and no really
no I actually did you love you is that
we love you ill daddy Jason David I like
I watched names when he was on screen
yeah yeah yeah his podcast is so good -
yeah did you buy that did you pay for a
subscription yeah I did like Oh grace -
and then I started like watching a lot
of the podcast right they found a yeah
they all filmed it Allison way more
interesting Chris D'Elia Bert Kreischer
Krista Leah's black guys is really good
wait really I don't know that it's holy
it's literally an hour of him just
talking he's by himself
yeah it's not I think he does it to like
practice stand up for like get material
uh you just
turn events and like stuff that happened
but it's real or not coming down thanks
honey really what can we walk get my gun
yeah let's go yes
Wow
anyway
Wow my hair
my name's Rio
I saw this oh that's sick no that's
actually quite all Ripley's Believe It
or Not ones anymore okay guys it's the
following morning and yes I'll be
vlogging today I've been doing a lot of
exciting things but I wanted to end this
vlog because it's gonna be really long
so I wanted to say one I'm tired I'm so
tired and I need to shower put some
beating my hair and makeup done today
which I'm so excited about was
everything I've done in so long but I'm
so tired
God love you guys I hope you enjoyed
these vlogs
last night was so crazy I ended the I
probably ended my vlog early but I know
for sure Jason and David and a bunch of
other people logged so if I can find
people's vlogs from last night that I'm
in I'll link them below because me and
Jason actually left early but it was a
late night I also got really drunk
yesterday I don't really know how that
happened I dunno how that happened I had
two glasses of wine two shots of tequila
which was I'm surprised I wasn't more
sick this morning but I love you guys I
hope you enjoyed these hugs today it's
gonna be an exciting day I think so
well if it's not I'm gonna group
together with a bunch of other vlogs or
clips but I love you guys oh gosh
do you love my outfit picture anyone
alright we love the banana slugs go
slugs I'll see you guys soon
and until next time give a kiss you
smell abate the shoes that
