hey guys what's up vlogging this is my
first vlog where I look somewhat
presentable post-op getting ready to go
to the Dolly Parton concert and
literally like 5 minutes what we're
gonna go eat first we're gonna see
Donnelly at the Hollywood Bowl and I'm
so super stoked about it probably can't
blog too much at a time like this
because my arms still hurt a little bit
but I did shower all of myself today and
wash my hair all by myself today my mom
had helped me previously and I felt
pretty good about it
I felt a little like not like great
because I got a little bit of water on
my boobs but they put the stereo strips
on them so if you get them wet a little
bit you just like dry them like blow dry
I'm doing a whole video about this so
you guys have any questions about
Preston plans let me know in the
comments below or like what I got done
or how to take care of them because this
recovery versus my last recovery
night-and-day difference like I'm up
it's two weeks assignment two weeks
post-op it's ten days post-op and I'm
like up and like feeling good I'm
looking carefully so anyways we're gonna
go eat and I'm really really excited I'm
going with a group of friends and um
like I said I'm kind of like trying not
to vlog so many other people in my life
because I don't know people are haters
and I just don't like the drama that
surrounds it and people speculating on
my life I don't mind if you judge me or
the things I do or say I just don't like
when people judge so anyways you might
see the people I'm with a little bit you
know I don't know but I'm gonna just
pretty much focus on me tonight and just
like what I'm doing and not not like a
whole lot with other people because as
much as I'd love to do it it's not worth
it to hear so much drum speculation it's
just like just life people it's just
people in my life but whatever I'm
excited and nothing gonna bring me down
jellied jolly oh cause hair that way hey
angel
I'll bag another you please don't take
him back I'm winded I'm hurtin Riley
right and ah ha ha yeah he's love you
um so just chilling with pentatonix what
else did she sing um so many good songs
like I'm trying to see her popping ones
um matte coat of many colors that mom
for me made only from rags
well wore it so proudly um what else do
you have
there's so many and I can't even think
here you come again Justin I'm about to
make it work without you
you know waltz right through that door
just like you done before and pretty
soon I'm wondering how came to down you
I'm a little songbird but anyways I'm
still super stoked for tonight
we'll see how close pray for the boobs
okay he was gonna cry during the show
which he probably will be crying look at
their Western wear - oh my god and then
we look so I know what the Cleve - you
stink now Houston Hollywood Bowl and big
we all got these 14-ounce plays the bus
Steakhouse
can give you Sebastian so delicious
hey guys first night
really good
you can see remnants of my date made a
went out to go get drinks and really
exciting able methods are on their way
he's just got a little sex I don't know
he's
but I know angels that keep me here know
so it's this time we are in at a seven
throne of the Hollywood home
and there's the box seats behind Sui
likes to dance on it right - where she's
there she is right there
that's Suzanne Supper is us so Club my
mom is a fascist Indian summer as I'm
like home
so it's so excited having same money
goodbye but we had a lot of good stuff
things that money don't buy anyway
things like love and kindness and
understanding and there were six girls
and six boys in our family my poor mama
had one owner one in her lungs she was
15 years old
but daddy was 17 and by the time there
was 35 and 37 years old they already had
to have kids
we got books essays so when I travel
around the world I'm always saying that
I'm from a family of 12 children
Thanks oh where you can't
during the recall so we do too
so we station to us
just to fit me to that little you know I
said I was passionate romantic girls
think I was feeling sexy back in hey
everyone I hope you enjoyed that blog
keep up-to-date and up-to-the-minute
follow me on all my social medias
Instagram at Trisha Paytas on the screen
right there Twitter is also at she paid
us I'm always on Twitter a tweet 24/7
I'm on that definitely probably the most
and your spawn the most on there and
then of course my snapchat is Trisha on
YT definitely check that out because I
do snap real-time my whole day the
boring shit that don't make the vlogs so
you want to see boring shit go on there
love you guys so much I'll see you next
video
