hey everyone it is day two my mom caught
me since I can't hold my arm up but
there's something sticking out okay you
can talk I know you're pregnant
um yeah day 2 of recovery yes she was
actually really good reckoned on my
camera so now we're back here and I feel
pretty good I just sleep a lot but pain
is good I'm not sweating like it was
last time
um okay so I got two drains in yeah yeah
we all must be my nurse if I shouldn't
your boobies new boobies and day -
honestly guys I'm feeling pretty good I
don't feel pain I get a little nauseous
a little dizzy I'm gonna do a whole
video on a hill experience on the main
channel once I get better but I thought
I should walk a little bit because I
want to have my bed this is abundant mom
made me watch this is available well
that's good that one drains almost clear
though is that tube I'm gonna drain you
out - wait you know what you get with my
pillow mom I'm not clogged hopping back
oh how you need it you're supposed to
elevate your legs oh my mom's a nurse
there now he's facing you out face okay
and as I sit and I watching some stars
and Milan's with my company you should
wrap your arms about 800 sec okay that
didn't really work
no that worked okay I'm pretty good
another water food and life is good my
mom - mom
no come here so how are you feeling
today my little baby
I feel like what you know because you
know what I know no I'm not show me I'm
gonna sleep this is this isn't this is
an interview ready what if they don't
know who's behind the camera they mean
my name won't make me a man okay now
they know yourself cuz it's a surprise
mom how has she been
your pick
how's your patient been okay no you can
tell the truth
you only can get my hat the only
complaint to man
the only complaint for me well because
she don't leave you would trishy
my little trishy why can't you show you
show you okay day three day three he
looked at my dreams and no I didn't I
told I would completely drain her drains
if she needed me to oh really okay and
then I would make a cocktail and then I
make a cocktail out of the fluid that
comes out of her dreams
you drink it huh I am I'm a vampire
what goodbye with you know instead of
dancing or watching we're writing it
again see I told her she'll be back to
normal within no time and then I'll see
Shawn four to six weeks from today cuz
they're recording whoa okay
you let me interview she got one chicken
for dinner
we all had worn chicken for dinner
and we're watching Muppet Muppet Caper
it's my best movie the whole world
that's on that nope no thoughts okay
mommy I waited this long but you can't
talk you can't talk either I guess I'm
really we're talking okay babe
it has got a shot in the butt and drains
out check out some mashed potatoes panel
wooly-headed all right guys today is the
day getting my just out the first time
I've showered in like a week
felt good to wash my hair mommy washed
it over there and she try to blow-dry
but look a little crazy cuz we're out of
time so I got a hat on but I'm dressed I
have a house when we got a surgery and
actually feel pretty amazing so hopeful
even more amazing let's see stitches
sorry I'm Marion
you look beautiful do you miss getting
surgery and getting your staples out who
came at the worst traffic hour that has
my mom pointed out I can drink today
because I'm on my antibiotic so if I'm
up just looking at beat like crazy
rhythm a little crazy today but to get
my staples out toner - Oh we'll see pick
up the groups
alright guys best thing after a shot in
the butt and getting your stitches out
is going to my favorite restaurants PF
Changs at Fashion Center Newport Beach
so yummy we're traveling down on my
always at the thing
like we're going to send traffic or we
could eat so we decided guys we came out
for breakfast and feeling good today we
are at two cars at the farmers market
and obvious feel good I want to get
dressed tonight
I'm like let's go for breakfast and
after you do it stay put are we feeling
good it's eight days post-op and I feel
pretty amazing actually stitches for
staples are out I can shower now on my
own
