okay so we just finished eating
chick-fil-a for one and we finished
through her support of the dance and so
now back at Shawn's plays and just
chillin and the chick-fil-a was so yummy
I was so good I was like one of blog
because I never bought in the department
but his heart was always playing but
like it was my seat because I guess like
he's just been busy it's been a busy
week so I was like I'm gonna show you
there his a little part of his apartment
so he has his nail shop I'm not not
going anywhere I'll see like don't go
there at the vendors doing this you see
all my room is usually really frickin
clean but we interested in really busy
and look hot look at you oh look look at
you next to your picture look how nice
to see Kia's here's a picture of him it
was a gift from my whole Trisha I was
again it looks really funny can you pose
like that oh my god let me show you cuz
you don't know you should report me to
her Shawn I will do it together really
like cribs
you can be my um you can be my show girl
and I like present the room okay we
might you could be Maya Trisha what do
you idea what we were just on what oh I
thought you said gesture well I was like
a better proposal I will show you this
but I'll take it off his desk cause
he'll get mad look
it's all cute with our dog filter look
I'm not even showing your desk assign a
messy look and then my my father right
my father my dad made this you my dad
wrote this out so I typed it up
he put contract for success for Sean
Vanderbilt and he wrote this down
because my parents really care about you
know they're amazing they really care
about their kids succeeding so he says
focus it says create an unstoppable
stoppable goal never looking back
show intensity and drive it thinks at
integrity always be positive keep
reassuring yourself knowledge every time
read this on a cry sorry because I love
my parents um always be positive and
keep reassuring yourself knowledge
always adds up to success attitude
always believing yourself
this shows others I got to read this
more often this shows others that you
have confidence in yourself respective
Ness be a good listener surround
yourself with intelligent and successful
people wait what advice and experiences
that offers I mean that others share
with you interference never allow
comments or pressure from small-minded
people to influence you always think
before you have spoken or make any major
decisions education read everything
anything on success retain what you have
read and tells your readers are
amazingly successful people who can
achieve anything they put their mind to
hard work hard work will pay off work up
before play work before play okay it's
time for success take the bull by the
horns I always say that joy not so you
work before play yeah I'm sorry for
success take the bull by the horns
girlfriend be loving father who cares
about his son's future
Shawn's the most emotional force mate
you know what it's really really sweet
we got my room looks like check okay
yeah we can all show the room you can't
see that there's his Bam Bam alpha that
he loves you and look this mirror was in
my house and I kind of went back because
he put it up on the wall and like how
did you do that I'm like no I kind of
went back oh my gosh we better stands
and I'm so tired
Shaun is going to the bathroom so I'm
vlogging I had never vlog when I'm over
here because I feel like it's like weird
it's like so boy who live in a boy's
bedroom but yeah we just finished
dancing I'm like kind of tired I'm
sweaty I definitely need a shower and
blot my makeup with the music video
those two days away looks like a monkey
you know this was a monkey like
something in him yep this is his name is
Barry getting a lot of things um yeah
the music video is like two days away
and it's like crazy that we just a
chick-fil-a I felt like we're gonna go
dance again it's a challenge for a
second I don't know what we're doing
tonight we're just about to eat it's
Friday night but the video Sunday so
just chill I feel like I should I'm
gonna go down here cuz he said his rooms
Bessie I'm like I'm what a vlogger real
quick he's like oh my God my room is so
messy um I don't know what's wrong like
little thing is like his little
sanctuary so he like never like films
you'll put you probably see him felt
like right here in front of his window
this is where he felt most at the time
and so like I feel like this is all he
won't receive Sean's apartment but it's
actually really key I was trying
convincing machine apartment or because
it is really really cute I am creepy
this week noggins logging your time Sean
goes his bathroom but these glasses
Ibiza it's not everything these are from
1997 they're vintage Dior's I'm so
obsessed like these are so like
literally a 1989 like there's no out of
like tread and my camera oh my choker
the only thing with these is my
eyelashes
the eyelashes hit them but I'm like
obsessed with them but anyways we're
doing around two of dancing we're doing
a dance video because I'm kinda can't
dance videos in performance were to read
whoo
but yeah I don't know if those classes
weren't everything so I thought I'd show
you guys but just lime I see a soda
honestly you guys the best part out
working out is you could eat and you
stole his way if I'm losing so I
actually like love dancing but it's also
amazing cuz it's like good to eat
whatever you want and like still lose
weight new March we're gonna wear these
later because the channel department's
freezing cuz he has a thing with his air
conditioning that's broken but ours this
is not the cutest little like
off-the-shoulder Showtime you get these
attributes on special calm so obsessed
they lock up these windows you guys
because they shoot Dancing with the
Stars here I'm actually rehearsing for
Dancing with the Stars all right next
door just like really cool right yeah so
is our last dance video before me
surgery I'm like really sad but like I'm
exciting tomorrow we're gonna her music
video in the music video Sunday and then
my neighbor has some the day together I
before my surgery I ma'am it's gonna be
chilling at my house a lot of you guys
always ask me like why we're always at
my apartment and it's like I don't know
a piece is just like nice and like I
love Sean sois too but like he always
comes to me I don't know it's just it's
just what it is but I like how much one
supposed to and I just feel like when
I'm over there it's more like his my
sanctuary like when I'm at people's
houses in general even like shanz and
like always little hesitant of bloggers
and anyone who's like the third
sanctuary like I don't know if the
weirdest one just came when I started
filming maybe not like youtubers but I
don't know if I wasn't a youtuber I feel
weird moving to start filming I feel
weird when people to start filming me
and they're like not youtuber so I kinda
like get like some people just like
start stopped writing me which is like
fine if you're like a follower but
something will just like start filming
you so I get it it would be weird so I'm
just like kinda more respectful like
other people's places
yeah but I thought I would show you guys
a little thing that was so fast you guys
we're picking up food from this place
this is so cute it's right across the
Pinewood Island Shawn's idea I wanted to
post me he's like let's go out and get
food and wine and I was like what is bad
you're gonna we're gonna go out of the
house Humber's he's hungry um this is
all full we could have posed mean it
when you're like let's go walk and get
our food oh poor Shawn it's so
exhausting I've learned about me and I
am worn out so good to be honest
but we have no good we have tomorrow
looks like hell what we're doing here
now guys tomorrow we're having a
relaxing
have a nice relaxing day together
he's gonna come he has never got about
it once said I got a manicure one have
you got a pedicure before
I think I got a manicure and pedicure
I know I got it once and it was before
oh my I'm sold but it hits either
actually pretty nice are we give myself
a pedicure every day Nick really plated
then we're gonna go get our hero because
we go to sleep salon which was like
coincidence and then we're going to mean
it'll be the shots I'm gonna leave these
shots in low can't I get something on
time that people don't know he is like
so sweet he wants everyone to be happy
you just really have like no bad bone in
his body and people anyway I want to
protect you you're almost eight going to
school we're gonna holy you know what
guards I just want everybody to be happy
I don't like being ups I don't like hey
I don't like people being sad and
unhappy
I really don't and and that's who the
hell I am
but you never people ever you never have
them meaning out anybody have I say I
hate something like don't you get
anything he's literally the nicest
president he's like my little baby
because I don't like when people are
mean to I'm like you're his precious
your discretional late because you're so
sweet she's so sweet to everybody and I
just want him to be like no one doesn't
have
but anyways I don't know why what on
that you said something and then I was
like oh I just thought oh you were
sleeping
yeah I just get my feelings hurt easily
so
soin when some of you guys out there
leave comments you don't even know me
he doesn't get mad he gets sad and it
makes me sad I mean it's okay because it
is what it is and you know I guess what
comes along with being in the public
like this is this but it's a shame
because I don't know I'm personally I
can't say something about somebody I
don't personally know I can't I can't
form an opinion when I don't know the
truth so you know everyone's different
and hey wait even when we get upset with
each other I never say like Shawn's a
bet I never think he's a bad person like
everything is always good I like crazy
he's never been mean to me he never
abused me
I had boyfriend oh my sensitive subject
and then like when we get mad as equal
you're back from here like they'll just
know what sin said to mean he never
throws anything my face ever even if I
throw stuff in his face he never knows
it back at me Kishan is like and I'll
say that even if we never I don't you
guys I don't throw it back at her but I
tell her you can't do that to me we
can't do that I am NOT a machine yeah
but you don't hurt me the way I hurt you
never fight now but no but what I do is
I shut it down and I have to just shut
it down because I want her to know I
don't I don't want her to go to that
place with people because I wanted to
grow and if things something she doesn't
like move on no life is too damn short
and when we get if you think about all
the crap we get pissed about in the past
some time to save yourself you like
money then and did I get pissed at that
like you know I mean like it's a waste
of energy in time but we have gotten so
much better at fights we can get over
pretty easy and we don't fight as much
and we think we get over pretty quick
right we both have grown jellyfish
and I should help you this dinner was oh
my gosh
thanks for why you're so good at cooking
really good at cooking out of a box
okay okay my name on their fish thank
you for you I gotta make my little
tricky some fish I know you did some
little Finding Nemo reading this is
amazing I'm so excited oh my gosh and
then we got this little thing what if
you got this on the plane and got drunk
so we got this and then we got look you
can show them what else okay now it's
clean okay
it was clean before because you don't
pay no oh you like you hard so look it's
my kitchen let me focus on hey we see
kiuchi come up here
okay we have a rooster rooster this cock
has lived on every refrigerator for the
past ten years and really so okay so
yeah for a night this is this is Larry
the lizard Larry this is Larry the
lizard
Larry is from Mexico he doesn't speak
English okay come over here we'll need
to go through the whole park I feel like
this would take literally an hour if we
went over big ah this is my dining room
apartment to our this is what makes it
go to rain stick
I love water wanted to ring no more time
this was in Mexico there's five people
hugging each other that's my brothers
and sisters on two three four five
that's all five of us we're all hugging
each other that's why I bought
he's being so sentimental tonight I
really love it I understand
and so this is like there's China cab
man it was like whiskey bond there I'm
doing nothing I'm a dancer so now into
the East Wing see you sir ah
my little sister I love her that's my
little sister these yeah yeah Rachel
that's my workout partner
Rachel my niece and there's me that's
where I lived in Jersey Jersey
oh my pastor for my church sent me this
as a crossing there and shake it up
looks all pretty yep there's Jesus hey
Jesus Jesus YouTube okay there's monkeys
on there cuz I love monkeys you are
you're the monkey said now you're just
me but I love monkeys it's my monkey
lamp
it's a stupid couch okay I love this
couch it's comfortable layout hi
ilex Guinea on this couch dance on the
couch 6 7 8 & 1 2 3 doesn't set reverse
setup reverse situps reverse situps kick
your leg we'll see how far you can kick
don't kick it to your head on the dancer
okay hit this carpet right here this was
a present that Trish gave to me yep
roll hey dude the backspin hey don't be
a big baby do the backspin that was not
a good backswing but she tried here this
this is I for people that don't know I
perform for the King of Morocco Africa
as a dancer because I danced for Michael
job unnie rabbit on it so nice no bunny
look cute you look cute you're funny
that's my little bunny okay so did so
this is from Morocco Oh Africa so the
King of Morocco Africa some dancers come
over to perform some Michael Jackson
stuff so I went to Marco Africa and
before
amazing I was in the palace and the
Browns was insane so when I was over
okay I bought that that's handmade by
people in Minecraft
messy people house one present nice
little bamboo I love bamboo oh my god
BAM boom BAM
hmm it's my little niece and me that's
us on the beach that's my old jetski I
used to have a focus on guys
that's me a little nice ah remodeling we
just literally get a whole department
when I was not planning on doing that
because our food I was like showing the
dinner thanks for dinner
thanks for cooking yeah he cooked all
the tea hand breaded the fish and
everything I did it to be seven and then
he made that box of his own hands
yeah we I'm in the Bob I don't have very
far
busy at Montage right
I guess the day for the video shoot that
was been Frieza shuttle sleeping so I
just loved it the house is like I'm in
your ass wonderful weather song but it
would be for me to sit on the stage your
nails done alone so my hair so ratchet
oh great there's makeup an infinite loop
a selector it is
nice place is insane we just got a
sample of crawfish there's your sample
you wanna though he's like oh I think I
was in crawfish that's where that's luck
you got a problem is classy classy
Bluffs to eat the king crab legs look
they have look at those ways man I'm
gonna ask put your hands against the
wall
eat Joe make these are once you get them
on you guys do what you do Donnelly
enough plastic there place is amazing
what is it called it's called hot and
juicy crawfish this looks like a lot
well this is really yummy and we haven't
tried that yet but this is really scary
crawfish you got to eat one of those how
do you even eat them guys growing up I
would see these swimming in the river
never thought
really you never had to ask them just
put in your whole mouth that's how you
eat it
sabotage play
yeah you suck open I told you you will
not like it we suck I suck crawfish we
were your middle school do I look for us
today
oh my God look at my pit I look crazy oh
you're not gonna try
oh my god so bad I don't wearing makeup
I like this place I think it's good is
all fried food
what is nice like leaving a baby boxer
oh really
but he's like lobster love it
I think you like that
well they were for example so time those
look very yours I am NOT I know I won't
like I could just tell from that or
dissect it I will not like it but say
and now stone for the video brought this
guy with me he literally like never get
the done you're on camera it was
miserable you look like you've in vain
he never gets is done and I like you
have to come with me then so fight
anyway pretty easy
