Oh
nabela food dad
I love it amazing job Sean just told me
you guys we have been rehearsing
literally five hours today six hours six
hours oh my gosh didn't watch some a
slave driver he has cracked that web
rapid the only one on much he thought
back to me you wanted to hit the tape
over her mouth I'm a backpacker I talk
i'ma talk about you just can't I can't
y'all I can't oh please no yes I can't I
go you can't say the word canned I don't
like when people say care I never stay
positive but I want you to think just
possibility I might learn it yes
possibility think oh my gosh someone
went to London in Paris and brought back
the Eiffel Tower in the Big Bend this
bougie bitch bougie I hope we're done
right oh and you got a new do I have a
new meet a new shame is this what it's
like on Britney Spears do you look like
you look you Levin do you know that Joey
and Preta oh the one oh no he's like the
icon who has like girl you saying ugly
but you barely know him oh my gosh yeah
yeah but um no you were kind of like the
new you kind of living for the bangs you
love it no but I feel like this is like
what it's like when Britney Spears
doesn't know how would you like ah
they're like stand up Britney Britney
stand up what this family does this and
then they take it all off you should
have seen that I'm pretty you already
got tonight on me and green first of all
Britney's Mike Quinn hi first of all
Britney's my queen I've seen her twice
in Vegas yeah my queen too though
I love her but no I mean nothing is real
about raining it's like you're like she
stands up she prop her up
oh that's you though look I'm my bangs
are out I'm bald
this is grant this is sad does it weird
you out anymore when I take out my hair
just like casually talking about
seriously no we were literally talking
about anal or something I look over and
she's just like she's she's like
and like that's what I know that he's in
love don't even think twice um wait can
we decide what we were watching on
YouTube or now should we not talk about
it talk about it okay so we found wool
I found this gossiper who Bassett
missings Peter mana movement DTM guess
the end each other I did to my did he
split him dm's and he's human and he's
just like older gossiper from Indiana he
is you know I found him because Trish
liked one of his videos I click through
and his Nia's name is Peter mine and he
talks about YouTube drama and talk like
this hey talk to me he's really bad and
he talked about me any talks about you
and he talks about a bunch of fucking
people no idea Shane me know anything
who's this person just price I mean
they're all like literally erupt that's
literally like it's like okay yeah the
first of all Kareena Kabam would you
smooch town and then the vegan Chester
man was talking about Hayley Wickham and
it Bingley big we said that the
arrowhead Queen said that mr. wig
literally I don't know any of these
yellow I love it no we love it like it
is kind of everything and I think it's
funny cuz like John maternal or like kya
like just silly I mean no shade and he
has a thousand subscribers and we think
he should have so many wait what do you
think easy to have after this I don't
know what's our reach
what is the only get like like another
hundred
I guess not that great um everybody
watching go to youtube.com slash Peter's
only not even his URL it's really like
pig and whistle or something you don't
even like one of those little link is in
the description and go subscribe I'll
actually later that trains at you choo
choo train is dead
and then maybe heels yeah wait maybe
he'll make a video call them trans
goodness that's a donkey of Tears
that's you what do you one day I feel
like you could be a trans day you know
what maybe because I make a lot of jokes
about being trans and I feel like when
you make jokes about something there's a
little bit of truth in it that's true
reckon the day you say I'm not
like if I was gay I would you didn't
them boom coming out five years later so
maybe in five years
oh I just got the light ugly girl
nevermind not chance oh my gosh I had to
Peter mom you mean a shout out to Peter
mom
congratulations if you came out as trans
yeah congratulations to the whole
community
I wish I could come out of something
else I'm ready for my coming out video I
don't know what I don't know who would
believe me but I'm ready what you're
gonna be I'll be the queue in the end
because it's not LGBTQ 8p so I'd be the
keel what spear p is pansexual Q is
queer meaning it is I think he was
questioning well that's not us the queue
I'll be questioning I think I'll be
questioning and there's also a new thing
called by gender where you're both
genders which I also think I am look at
that way is that cult by genders are
called by neri wait bite me
no wait fuck there's a word for it
gender queer gender queer oh me too I
met I support it all LGBTQ APW wait you
just added a w i don't know it's all
great rainbows for everybody love that
love it oh i'm we're still friends
what am i news came over for five
minutes to belong to cuba you bye I
haven't even blogged all night it's
actually the end of the night and I was
like I should probably vlog because I
feel like everyone thinks for not train
is dead the train crashed it did if we
predicted that one a psychic twins
predicted the train would crash we
didn't know we predicted it when I
remember we're like we'll fight and I
will come we'll have a reunion are like
a world tour so we'll have to wait like
five years have a world tour what we're
both doing nothing like oh time 90
degrees we're great trans when your
trans my god trans train mmm
and I'm trans - I'll be Chaz you be
Caitlyn you could never be trans
look at this bald bald
trans with me right now together train
and trans there's so many good titles it
could be where transsexual shade on
panelists transsexuals different isn't
it is it now we transgendered
all right sexual they don't want to get
rid of it it like temporary for Rocky
Horror Picture Show and the transsexual
so it's a guy who has a dick but just as
that girl transvestites yeah tell us
less then the comes below are you a
transvestite I guess I am technically
yeah you can you just as a girl
sometimes I love it
honestly I'm living for that something
midnight but yeah living and tchotchke
Ronnie will name this title Peter Mon is
our hero what does this I love the views
what you should do is you should blog
one day this is just a thought with your
wig you could hand tape your wig
oh here and just do like a day in the
life oh yeah this is like where you just
go through your whole day funny and the
fact that you can make it funny like you
can play I don't know if you like oh
here's some tea that I'm drinking yeah
oh so good you like it's get into a
fight with char like good you should do
that egg time done well and done cut
