I feel like you guys are being cut off
of my head and I feel like this is so I
don't know why this is so shaky I added
my first car vlog yesterday like with
this new like mouth which is crazy it's
in the exact same spot as an other one I
just feel like you guys are super shaky
and then this thing was hitting so night
guys are like lower but I feel like I'm
cutting off my head which looks crazy
like it looks like I would just want to
show my double chins um you guys hey I
don't know how long it's gonna because
this is another gonna be had like a test
blog to see if this like is annoying and
she - shaking that car vlogger kept like
hitting my mirror it was just in anyways
so I just have a Starbucks meeting at my
ice pumpkin spice and I actually splurge
even though it's like a ten days before
my video or no I'm sorry sometimes when
we were talking on dated Tuesday my
video Sunday so it's like what five days
I don't know why just ten days but I'm
getting blood work done for my surgery
today I'm a baby why does my cat I mean
all the things I'm a big baby like a
hundred so I got you know a nice pumpkin
spice which has you know shit in it and
then I got muffin with cream cheese
pumpkin with him because it's got sugar
in it cuz you guys like I know this one
is for his to eat and I swear it's not
there's the cream cheese when I got I
when I was little when you take those I
don't know if they still do but when I
was in fourth grade you had to get
hepatitis B shot so I can go to get to
read throughout the year and every time
I would say I'm at the third time they
gave me a chocolate bar beforehand
and I got a little light-headed and then
just gave me some more after and I felt
better
like and same thing with my lips like
I'm gonna get lips injections like I
don't know what it is instead of my pain
tolerance is law which it is I know but
like it or just the needle things in
general that I can't I can't deal um so
yeah so that's why I got a muffin
because she was actually so sweet the
first time it would make if you're
watching I don't know she doesn't know
my face but I loved her so much and she
actually I was like girl let me pay like
because he he it got there after me just
like I'm gonna energy after I mean I was
like whatever while I got order him
because I've already ordering okay let
me get it and I was like when I was
getting the most I got like a cream
cheese muffin I got like a drink and I
got like a cup it's like Ionis Lee was
just gonna pay and I felt really bad
then I was like cuz my Starbucks when I
go to Starbucks and I love I'm just like
holding this cream cream up in here
when I go to sur I want to snapchat it
but I got a way to live with my mom so
I'm still want to snap traveling driving
on the 4x3 way um there's not that much
traffic
but yeah my Starbucks pills never
achieve because I'm always getting like
cups and like shit that I don't need but
I start my stuff smell like my obsession
they really really are but you have this
really great meeting and I have my chat
feature shirt on today kids learn if a
chat feature is like that dude I met him
at the recording studio and he's like
this he's an American kpop singer still
escaped up but I mean he's crazy he's
like this character he's like there's
like anime character in her life and I
kind of like his music like I don't even
know like I don't want to call someone
not me it's just I feel like he is
mainstream and he's like I'm using a
director and I feel like he's bougie but
uh-huh
I don't know he's kind of like something
to me like I feel like to me he's like
undiscovered but like like I said he's
probably like a big deal you know I'm
super as I find these people oh no Mike
I understand I think in mainstream like
you guys probably wouldn't know who he
is I think he is like a big thing but oh
but it was a chat future look him up him
Abeka my shirt I love Steven Moffat film
about my shirt as I can Korean or
something I'm obsessed with kpop shirts
I have no idea what they're saying in
Korea but song he has hello he's like
rapping in American but the chorus who's
actually the course actually sung by
Jeremy Thurber my producer why am i
rambling so much
my producer who's singing the chorus
like hello cop dumb move like mouths
words what like it's me Korean you know
so anyways okay
I'm like so rambling and I have pigs I
drink so much coffee
bloodwork's name okay and I'm still
having this woman there might have
mainly because I can't look down to put
it in because I'm just going there was a
little traffic so I pulled it out but
now we're just going for the ride and we
got my mama she's still my she's got off
work to you know I went to you guys are
really really shaky and I'm so sorry
he's a shit might figure out hot not
Mikey yeah oh my gosh like making me
sick looking at you guys
I was living like this we team up with
Schwartz that's over here playing I
should wear like
Strega thumbnail housing my thumbnail
for my video for my vlog okay go ahead
way okay so Sean told me to get a
healthy drink to you guys instead of
getting my chocolate smoothie I got it
apples and green smoothie which I'm
super excited about cuz we're dancing
and match with Sean sure way I'm gonna
taste it
hmm like a dolly rancheras open see this
foursome heard of you to help I know I
really did but actually he's kind of
good I didn't think is gonna like like
this
she punch me like fuck I did not OMS all
that laughs so now we're driving around
North Hollywood which is so now we're
dining around North Hollywood
we're just super fucking ghetto
as you can tell by that park over there
because she put the wrong times or the
studio booked the wrong times said the
studio told him 105 and it was actually
2 6 so now we are just driving around
he went into 7-eleven and we were gonna
eat but also come dance on a full
stomach is just so much dancing TG today
and this green juice is actually really
freakin good
he's like a jolly rancher he's like I
don't know like a green apple sucker
there's so many people you know I have
to go out my thing is cuz it is hot out
today I'm
so what I'm on task was to say what I'm
sayin we have tried a little better
so chillin at 7-eleven drinking a
healthy green drink as Sean told me to
get a healthy drink so I got it all the
drink mmm
I don't smack I don't do anything what
should you talk in here I said I don't
actually hey no you work at Hooters
though I do
that's my new job - I have a Hooters
waitress she surprised me every time I
feel like I'm if you think I'm with a
different girl every day because she the
way she does her hair she's my favorite
this is my favorite version of trash in
what is NEX I'm white trash really
healthy stuff I got a nice little funky
back I got waters for me and trishy poo
and I got cigarettes because I'm
stressed out way get stressed that once
in a while you know do you know me
because of me no why did why do you have
the whining market make it about
yourself
everything's about me and uh
everything's about me there's a lot of
stuff to figure out
Oh what do we say look at these these
douche bag classes I've on I know some
of my trash yeah I am booters the
chevron decision we like Trish that's my
that's my mom it's my place um dismisses
trashy because there's so many like gay
Baker's going in and out of here we have
to go that's why I come here word is
that this is what we this is where we
fit in
we're not gang banger banger is we're
trashy but not game fingers all right we
got a snapchat
I want to turn that light cuz it was Ben
but whatever I guess we're leaving it
was good lighting you missed him oh shit
you guys were like always dancing in
this dance studio and we never realized
there's like this like VIP section we're
just super cool you can like watch the
people be ass and on your dance Jodi I
was like right here and we always just
furnish it here we're always like on our
phones here looking in the mirror told
how would you be chillaxing taking
breaks in here this is so cool
I'm like really excited there's my
hooters outfit Sean's in the bathroom
what else is new oh yeah oh my gosh I'm
like so greasy you need to wait I want
my face turn black
I brought my makeup and got Showtime
shirts in here my makeup because I
always get greasy look at this room with
VIP in here
in the VIP room remember this is where
we're supposed to dance we should we
should do you not want to I can feel I
can see the brace mirrors in here isn't
very sexy letting me against the music
with all the mirrors okay really yeah
okay you promised he said it so it's
promised at our favorite sushi place
this was like our third date with me on
our fourth date was here and Sean took
me after my car Fiasco to my saved and
you see he did oh my god it was raining
and I was gonna drive off and oh my god
I'm gonna go dance five hours - guys
he's crazy but I love these things does
little potatoes either support roles
without mastering who was before my
surgery and Sean's not either so we're
being sober kids I know he's being good
everyone got to keep it together because
I know he was so hungry I'm like you can
see him when I walk because he's so
hungry I don't know what it's called but
we love it
she does not my real name is Danny okay
we got more I'll show you not that he's
done and then he got lobster tempura
we always a fried shit will come here
and we got some nutrient cutlets this
time zone don't live with your food
