okay once again I have a makeshift
tripod um and yeah I'm doing my makeup
and my skin has been breaking out so bad
and I just used a new Beauty Blender and
everything and for some reason miss
can't forget really really bad which
happens before a music video I get
really stressed out we all know this but
I'm gonna be trying the Kylie cash a
dough palette today and I'm not gonna be
that exciting that's why it's on the
blogging channel
I'm assuming unless it becomes really
long but um I just heard so much about
these two I ended up purchasing one
myself you and all I do is prime my
eyelids with Mac painterly paint-pot and
this is what it looks like that's pretty
pretty it's very your on top of Mac
palette since it's very much like my
matte shadow palette that I use anyways
but I'm gonna be kind of using you guys
as a mirror I think right like the
members over there
she's this Matt Muir soul compact thing
alright I'm really is why I don't do
tutorials cuz when I set makeup into I
suck at filming makeup so I don't know
I'm going to play play around I guess
and I'll start with like a color just to
go on my base which I'm thinking of
using this as my base color and that as
my blending so this is my base and this
one as my blending and if I want to
maybe deepen it up and probably use this
one right here so I'm gonna just put
this on more base on the oh I really
have stuck that makeup lately I've been
trying to get better at it the first
thing I notice is it's not as um like
pigmented as obviously my Mac shadows
that I love so much and it could be this
brush this brush my kind of suck another
Sonia Kashuk so we'll see when I use my
Mac brushes but it seems to take a
little bit to pack on the eyeshadow
this little guy has been there not so
little so much lately
oh I pop him and he comes back I pop
them and he comes back it's been is it
that always has pus in it which is fun
if you like pops is but annoying when
you need to look cute I need to look
cute this next upcoming week before my
surgery
okay underwhelmed by that child so now
I'm gonna take that orange color I
showed you guys I'm gonna try and blend
it use it as a Brent blending color well
that's pretty I don't know because I
have some left over on my brush but
that's a really pretty color you just
remind me of like Mac colors which is
pretty and you know it's a Kylie brand
name so that's cute and all these colors
go together and what I love about the
you know color screens all go together
is like it's easy to blend and if I want
to I might just take a little bit of
that dark brown right next to it you
know that wasn't quite dark enough it's
actually dipped in a fissure then dipped
into that one but actually tried this
one looks a little bit darker maybe a
little more orange tone to go with the
launchers put in my crease prep low
energy today it's going quite tired but
I'm really excited because I'm gonna
pick up Sean from the airport so I am
excited I'm just kind of tired kind of
worn out I think I'm overwhelmed already
by this week ahead I got um I try not
overwhelm myself so really really love
HD something lighter blended I really do
love music videos so I try not to stress
myself out because it's supposed to be a
fun time for me and they are fun but now
trying to prepare myself for what the
coming up oh my god I remember years ago
I used to be obsessed with makeup
tutorials and try new looks and I like
trying to look but I hate myself I know
that sounds like such a brat thing clash
but juvenile makeup key match or
somewhere along the way I actually don't
mind it like I mean if you guys know and
watch this channel like I just never do
my own makeup like I wasn't gonna make
up that I'm just not wearing makeup but
sometimes you don't mind it I casually
went out Thursday night I didn't vlog
but I actually went out for a little
while got a house and do something and
um I didn't really make up and kind of
fun it's kind of fun to do um yeah so I
just had to my eyebrows but overall
height lady shadow is pretty cute I like
it I think it's a cute little palette
and I like that little eye thing it's
really cute so I'm gonna finish my
makeup looks pretty right pretty ugly
treasurer you suck if you just gettin
hmm I like it good job Kylie so I
stopped and put on my lip color yet I
just outlined my lips a with a Mac and
I'm much flatter my hair that's what my
hair is sectioned off but um yeah this
is the look with some eyeliner a little
butter like if someone took at my gloss
and my hair did done I think it'll look
a little cuter but yeah I like it I'm
feeling it Kylie realness
alright guys just gotta fire me here
real quick I'm gonna use like these kind
of videos you feel like I don't know I
feel bored basically I've been loving
these Kylie products too but I don't
know if I want to go this is the metal
matte lipstick and this is the gloss
these are kind of go with my lip liner
please so really really pretty I feel
like I should so on this is the lipstick
I have whirl around my lipstick as I
know uh I you know if that was the matte
lipstick what you want to let go Matt
it's all focusing men sometimes either
cut this glass with a BU rush gloss and
then I doubt my second private show I
just love this stuff my Britney Spears
get it cold so should I punch it but
stop my face up month I'm like super
casual I literally zoom casual right now
just tell um sometimes attend my own
like pressure on myself that was this
little strip down so I use I'm sorry I
don't know what I said I was in my mind
no but I feel like I put my got that I'm
doing my hair square is where she burns
or her hair off I feel like a lot of the
pressure comes from myself
I don't know I'm / Sean's coming back
he's like my little like little sanity
because sometimes I Drive myself crazy
so I'm not good alone or not good single
because I don't have alone with my
thoughts oh my gosh
it's a scariest place to be oh I have a
love/hate relationship with my short
hair I love it because it's so like
nothing's and it feels like I'm bold
which I love because exceptions get
happy but hate it cuz I'm smiling it as
like a pain in the butt I literally
can't style it say realize oh ha ha show
hmm should we look at my music
um anyways it was pretty much party
planned she's somebody's ends tomorrow
just from the bleach private show
like I almost need to cut this part off
I think that's what makes it look a
little Street a little moldy like the
top layer is so much shorter but I
screwing your hair out is a bitch so
many awkward stages but my whole life is
one big awkward hair stage private show
I thought that they never shower that
shower
I always shower on the one attached to
my walk-in closet which I still going to
show you guys or just I'll get to clean
I can organize it's really not that
difficult but I make it seem like it is
I once again overwhelming myself over
nothing like I just feel like that
closet is like such a take on but it
really would take me like a day to do so
put on a private show oh you guys my
energy why is it so low I should be so
happy she was coming back
oh um Howie's I'm back back my energy
charging my shoes downstairs I'll show
you guys what I mean it's really funny
I'm so excited and they're like a charm
cheese before you wear them like a lot
of new concept they're kind of running
with old school kicks I had back in the
day but obviously not so little school
my hair loves to do this little flip out
thing I'm doing a spray tan tomorrow
morning need in my life so pasty which
sometimes again I love being busy white
instead of developing super Tian I'm
gonna super tan phase right on so put on
a prime show I cannot get this to look
cute on today I've had a day guys
already my hair goes crazy I literally
just watched it two days ago so should
not feel greasy whatever what are we
saying whatever oh wow they were trying
to rush too much Kylie products on me
for the day
he chases mirror again we don't mind
something she looks look huge you just
get addict are a secret
no take you in that good leg let's take
you in net boo-booed I look presentable
sometimes I just never would wear makeup
but I look so pale on this yeah oh this
is like a snapchat filter that's why I
always like to used to film in front of
like my big window did the best light
ever what do you think getting better at
makeup a little bit
I like alright guys that's it by the
kind of high shadow try let me know guys
like these videos you guys let me try
and makeup and I'll do more hey there's
me just casually charging in my shoes
who has these are so funny so I thought
these were like old school kicks right I
get to wear them so it's okay that
they're on my couch um but if you charge
them it said like charge before wearing
and there's like little USB things to
charge your shoes they can get so funny
but it's really cool they change that
colors I don't know if I can do it while
it's charging oh no I can't just unplug
this rajbhog
yeah so they change colors and they're
like LED light shoes yeah and then they
can go blinking they can change colors
which i think is so cool it's like my
favorite setting I think oh my gosh it
is so fun yeah I got these from dolls
kill they're pretty cool so I'm charging
that then everyone kind of freaked out
on snapchat
I had the Taylor Swift on blank space
song um to my mhm Roger that's PDW I
don't know it's kind of like though um
broken hearts from all these guys but
one fixed it and mended it and has my
heart forever so you can guess which one
and then I have these over here this a
playground which is our song meow which
is something um me and Sean say to each
other all the time via text and then I
got my one for me fishies and then I
open up this this is a sweatshirt from
the L lines which is like really really
cool actually
my face looks a little distorted cuz
it's on some blankets
you can get yours at the Alliance comm
here's what one can have code trash but
I love it so much I love like the
glitter and at the earrings I think a
cool and then I tried out this baby last
night from Adam need calm this mega
massager it's a body massager 17 inches
but it's for other things as well so you
know when you're alone and you haven't
had somebody for awhile like myself sean
has been out of town for quite some time
so that body massager
came in handy and then I have my trash
choker because that is what I am
complete and utter trash but yeah Shani
comes home tonight I'm so excited I
cannot wait let's just have me in the
background there I cannot wait to see
him well basic chain of bracelets up I
decide was kind of funny because it was
a little bit of a troll on snapchat
anyways I am super excited to see him my
energy feels low I feel like I'm
overwhelming myself in my head I get
like that sometimes where overall myself
before things even happen I'm just about
the week ahead not about anything
because I have a lot to do this week in
a short amount of time to do at all I'm
sure to get done I'm sorry I messed with
my hair I mess with my hair more than
mess with my extensions because
extensions are set this kind of hair
length is like a what do I do with it um
but yeah I'm super excited um lots of
lots of things to do like I said next
week but like I said it's all good
things still exciting things I'm just
overwhelming myself because in the
following week following Tuesday I
should musically do something that
following Tuesday I have my surgery so I
have like a lot to get done videos to
film dance rehearsals dancing um I want
to hang out with a lot of my friends
before I get my surgery because you know
when I am a surgery I'm kind of down for
the count and I just had to sit at home
and do nothing and we'll see who my real
friends are I'm just kidding there's no
pressure but you know it is it is an
interesting thing back when I had my
boobs done the first time like very few
of my friends at the time came to visit
me which is like fine I get it like a
Buddhist thought I need to see yelling
I'm not trying to like present on that
something I'm pressuring my friends to
come visit me no not about but you do
get to see who like will have your back
and come visit you when you are just
bored and have nothing to do or you
can't do anything
I think that's a true testament of
friendship so anyways I mean I get it
people are busy I'm fucking busy - I'm
like arable front sometime I don't even
know I'm talk about I'm fucking blabbing
did my own makeup today she has snapchat
filter to make it extra pretty but yeah
so I'm doing day this choker I bought
way too big
cuter froze tighter I guess I could
punch some holes in our have Sean punch
some holes in it he still got set my DVD
player for when I'm down for the count
because we watching a lot a lot of
movies so how many more hours I get to
go pick up shot I think it's only like
an hour 6:30 just took him at 8:30 Ellen
also two hours I can leave an hour and
15 minutes to go pick him up so excited
I'm like really really excited hmm he
brings so much happiness in my life like
I get so sad when he's not around I get
that and I get bored real easily
but I forced myself to walk to a club
the other night I did not walk that it
was cool I was like not a terrible
experience can I throw my hair sorry Oh
pair of oh I can't I can't this layer
needs to get hmm huh um yeah it was an
experience not a club person but it's
not as crazy as I thought it would be
like and I went to extreme club in West
Hollywood um like a crazy busy club and
it wasn't like as crazy as I thought it
would be I thought it was like a lot
more shit goes on at clubs but it
doesn't it's kind of just like
everyone's like drinking and some people
are dancing and like you just are kind
of hanging out like you do at home
security which is cool like I said it
was cool to be in like a different
setting um I did snapchat those if you
guys missed my snapchat you missed out
but it was a time I'm with a couple
friends and it was like cool so yeah so
I'm away from shoes a charge and then
get this on the road I'm so excited to
see my Shaunie
bear and last time I picked him up from
the airport was the end like the
beginning of the end it was a terrible
terrible time so you've never a weird
funk that's never sell out of it cuz I
cannot let that happen again
because sometimes I haven't seen for a
long time I feel like he doesn't love me
but
that's not case if not true I keep
saying that to myself and we're going to
have happiness and no frustration and no
crazy talks at all I'm just gonna be
enjoying him and his presence
ey is helping cool are these shoes oh I
am so beyond obsessed with these shoes I
love that they change colors the kicks
back in the day would just like light up
as you walked but these change colors
like yes please like yes yes yes yes I
am so beyond obsessed but I'm not so
beyond obsessed about is this hair j0 is
struggling it looks crazy no matter
which way it goes it just looks like
it's messy and not in a cute way not and
I wish I was in that queue if this was
like a little bit longer it would be
like mess up in that key way how about
you love this is like zero extensions
and my hairstyles got some volume yes
girl
I got that Nicki Minaj ego but don't
gotta dumb that up um yeah Cinderella
anyways entertaining myself while I wait
okay weird any elevator to go pick up
Sean my energies getting to yeah
something else when we watching on a
roll videos our boyfriend tag actually
the first video we ever did together
like up Ashley and we my heart melt and
I can't see him he still likes our Mel
you
