so
there
oh yes you feel this
hey man that was filled sandwich made us
for new EP shows I am now out of 19 like
you you guys are up in my car cameras
back fingers crossed I don't know that's
sticking that well so far so good but we
were having a little mishap scammers
found a couple times we're back in the
car vlog just thank God for it this big
sunglasses cuz I got be as sick as you
said which is wonderful
not my hair is wash I feel amazing but
my Cinderella choker on and my
Cinderella shoes on you can't see with
my converse from the airline's blings
outline but I did put a little powder on
the face I put a little mascara on I saw
this like huge balls out here which is
actually a good thing because I'm about
seven days out for my music video so I
think it's gonna go down that's good
thing but I'm going now to meet with my
YouTube network style hall super excited
I always love seeing them just to talk
about things I want to do and get done
and they're super helpful and if they
can't do it they find someone else who
can do it they're just really really
great that's my personal experience and
opinion with them and the everyone has
their own but I always had really great
working relationship with them and just
personal for this trip they're always
very sweet and they always check in and
yeah yes you guys I'm a little
overwhelmed
yeah we're literally seven years out
from the music video shoot I thought I
had like a good at least two weeks to
prepare not only not only in a different
video but I have to prepare my channel
for when I'm going I'm gang surgery like
not the day but the next day after the
music video shoot John they're gonna
have that Monday then the Tuesday after
the video shoot I have surgery and last
time I had surgery I was out of
commission for good long took the time
so I'm trying to get a bunch of videos
done beforehand a plus I want to do
dance videos for exercise and I have to
actually learn the dance for the music
video which is Shawn is still visiting
his family out of town in Pennsylvania
so he's not even back yet so I feel just
a very underprepared and overwhelmed and
I'm trying not to because you know
worried it's useless Scott is more
school so I'm trying not to worry
easier said than done of course but yeah
plus I have three sponsored videos that
I've already like accepted it and said
I'm going to do and I'm gonna put out
and I haven't got any of those packages
yet so I'm gonna have to try and track
down those packages because I definitely
about you know priority for me because
sponsorships are a huge part of what I
do and so those are a huge priority for
me I don't want to you know have the
music video come and then my surgery and
I'm not for myself to be used up because
that is not only is it unprofessional
but it's you know just not me it's not
my work ethic like you know
um so that's what we're doing and I'm
loving myself whole team because they
just texted me and said that like would
you like Starbucks no kind of pumpkins
placed everything please cuz I'm gonna
need something to get through this day
which is actually quite boring for you
guys because I'm literally just going
I'm so annoying but I'm going to meet
with you today what meeting is that I
mean the manager is like it's boring
shit to me and I'm like nobody cares
about going I'm trying to clean up my
language now cuz of the whole new
YouTube things I am I just cuz it's not
classy I'm like pasty it's not classy oh
my gosh why am i so pale I'm like just
eating this I need a spray tan
yeah which I might actually end up doing
time I had to call her she hasn't seen a
big balls it's so gross you know what am
I just gonna be sunglasses on the whole
time I'm like meeting with people so
Anna Wintour of me so it's celebrity
like I know people who do that they're
like not even like to be funny or
anything they like always wear their
sunglasses and it's the most
uncomfortable thing to have conversation
with someone but there's sunglasses on I
don't like it if they could be sleeping
make it be texting I don't like it
but yeah China back in the swing of
things I guess spray tan so bad and yeah
that's what I'm doing date and use her
back in the car love I feel like so like
not myself and I can't walk so I have my
maracas my mini blends yoga which I am
so beyond obsessed with this is like
literally the cutest bag ever and I also
have my never full Jaime eight and yeah
thank you
Oh TV from Target
here's a first working
stairs wearing a green old tunic I'm
targeting stylehaul knows how to hook it
I've got my iced pumpkin spice latte
just that burner discussing some things
with the beautiful of you out there so
cute they said that they're outgrowing
their offices so they might be moving
again I've been to to stylehaul
locations now that they have a third one
and you have a sound hole pillow there
just like swag dad on style ha merge
some now I'm just waiting to say hey
this stuff I'm super excited and see how
it goes alright guys we are now in
downtown LA headed to a another meeting
style ho meeting was successful
obsessed with Sackhoff ham and for the
record I'm absolutely obsessed with
stylehaul I like just love them they
just get me it's nice to have people who
get you like I'm a hard ones again and
it's nice to have people in the industry
get me and want to help me and I'm
really excited about all these projects
I guess you got to meet his staff who's
the head of SATA hall and she's on these
amazing ideas she's literally like
everything I want to be I'm obsessed I'm
obsessed with everybody at stylehaul
they're just always so sweet to me
they're um can't so hop to another
meeting say it's very productive we are
now in downtown LA it's a bitch to drive
in
girl to visit I don't live down here but
sometimes I feel like I'm out amongst
the living the hustle and bustle what it
feels like I mean New York we're like
not New York I'd obviously like
