Oh back to reality I had a nail in my
tire as I'm reading it thick as my
brother my knees and see in law and it
tells me the same car the driver out the
nail on it which is not safe
like you have to get that big so I got
to do it so I'm in like literally like a
random place garden grove of four or
five freeway back from a surgery
consultation I have surgery coming up in
three weeks so I got a discounted I'm
gonna these classes cooking on my face
I thought they had booked the surgery in
the next like three weeks cuz he had
time lose Devon acacia now he's not at
discount so I'm getting surgery crazy I
have a music video before then I got a
deal I have another music video after my
surgery is gonna be insane so that's
good hi guys there's my car tire nail
free hopefully his tires though
Oh gotta love adventure where my gorram
literally go down the passenger side
that you Shawn's with me driving
Garden Grove they were awesome just
pulled over they got me in and out
half-hour on my phone make a note
cleaning videos answering tweets
snapchat that goodness I still don't
have about I think I do have in a box I
just haven't opened it set up my wild
dog sleds on from yesterday you know
from a music video I've been like a
celebrity to get nailed your tires
disgust show we're all humans struggle
he's real
so driving back I'm gonna see Shawnee a
little later today so he's going home
with his family a week for a week and
then I'm bringing my guy for a week so
I'm a little quality time
there's Jamba Juice right there I did
something so stupid you guys I wanted to
get a jobs force on the way home this is
like not the way home this was literally
like I'm so an opposite of the way home
I better get out before this traffic
starts moving um I literally went like
20 way I mean it's out of my way can I
help this was like right by my house
it's fun I really just wanted a Jamba
Juice because I'm having dinner later
today and I just want a little snack
that's like 2 o'clock yes oh thank you
ahh ahh oh my gosh what's your name oh
nice to meet you oh my god hey oh my god
so many people on Wilshire today
everyone what's up I love it um I guess
that's why I'm about to go out of my way
just working in his 15 minutes all right
well let's hope it works so I came 20
minutes out of my way
to seeing where they went to get this
donkey so hopefully it'll be worth it
some comparable
all right guys the verdict is in
I was worth the 20 minutes by the way
actually asked for a small we know
calories and such and should have given
me a large shoe extra so I guess it was
just meant to be so worth it by the way
love Jamba Juice
and I also got this chocolate builders
protein bar which I know doesn't make
any sense it just kind of looked like
something I wanted but I don't think we
eat it down we keep in my purse because
excuse me hmm
sometimes I just get really really
hungry and I feel like I should keep
flowers in my purse so one more thing to
keep my birth but mmm yeah this was this
was worth it this was a nice little
treat cuz it's no long Mikey back from
our times morning there I'm back then
long drive alone Matson fishy is pretty
cool I love it
it was so random and so awesome sweat
pants and sweat outfit from wild ox
couture alright let's go home and edit
video this one day so much it edits so
this is my set bag from music video I
still haven't unpacked it's new stuff
I've got in the mail that I have yet to
unpack but I am out going out of town
this weekend so I'm packing up all my
ish and it's going to show you guys
that's just like swimsuits and clothes
and stuff at that but I was going to
show you guys what I pack in like my
go-to travel bag I'm obsessed with this
never pho I love the never folds by
Louboutin this is my new one it's Labor
Day the last time I'll get to wear my
white one after Labor Day but it's okay
I just got its own I'm gonna wear it
after that too but um yeah anyways I got
this iPad pro because I always have to
bring that with me and then of course my
phone but that's going in my purse but
I'm packing my little miniature clutch
which was in my August favorites this is
from Louboutin it's one of the most
cheapest Louboutin pieces I own I think
it is the B cheapest it was literally
five hundred dollars and it's actually
my favorite purse to carry because it's
just so lightweight and easy for your
shoulder then I have my leave it on a
makeup cosmetic bag I have a hairbrush
deodorant razor makeup everything in
this bag and I have my beats headphones
for editing as I have to edit some
videos over this weekend even gone for
five days and then all my chargers then
I'm going to be bringing my computer as
well which is over here let me just so
I'm bringing this as well I was drinking
some Lacroix until I found out there's
some bad shit in here I guess I don't
know I was just being to watch a video
like on this but I don't know if you
guys have heard that this shit's not
good for you let me know it was I drink
I shit a little bit also this is my new
favorite perfume Britney Spears this
private show I got mine from Kohl's it's
empty because it's in my makeup bag for
the weekend and then this was one of my
outfits from show time I'm actually
going to wear this because I'm just oh
hello I look a little crazy because I
thought it was like super cute I
actually got it for the Showtime video
but these pants up from American Apparel
the top is actually tied up
we're at this high up but I am for
destroying house from Nasty Gal my watch
is citizen citizen watch and socks I
just posted from Target because I didn't
have any like why did have a pair of
screenshots but they were dirty and then
I have no makeup one um yeah gonna go
put my brother from the airport was
crazy gotta take my trash out and
leaving for the weekend yeah but like I
said I am leaving for a family weekend
it's gonna be a long weekend it is
today's Thursday I'm going to be gone
until Tuesday morning so it's a long
weekend my family um my brother um does
not want to be on camera so I probably
won't be vlogging if they do it'll be
very minimum so this will pie be a vlog
over the course of the next five days
like I said if I even do vlog hopefully
I do wash I look like I am really sick
my eyes are like disgusting I'm just not
getting much sleep but anyways I have to
clean my house when I get home that's a
whole other thing
so yeah it's the weekend it's a little
holiday weekend and it's um a lot of
family stuff happening like I said I
can't really talk about it just because
that respect my family's privacy um but
you know I'll try and block as much as I
can
yeah and hopefully you guys will have
some vlogs going up from like the music
videos and such to keep you entertained
in yeah that's what I'm doing and
getting ready to leave on this occasion
I'm really excited spend time with my
family and even though I love logging it
is gonna be a nice little like break
just be with my family I don't see that
often since I moved out of state so
that's what I'm doing
you guys look Greta look Brea Tar Pits
this is a free Museum in LA it's prequel
like the original tar when the animals
are here and then they like you can see
them and then the museum is completely
free which is like really cool so yeah
so we're joined today this is cash
Friday
it's really like basic school last
shades on smells really bad but that's
pretty cool so guys they're ever in LA
anyone something free to do very sharp
it's really exciting Brea Tar Pits crazy
how big they are we talked about this in
science class all the time it's pretty
insane the Tar Pits
bam bam
get more there
and boats out there
kind of cable to the word guru ji Red
Lobster
picture my mommy those boats are so cool
I know is good for marina we're too cute
for like your date night even though
we're not on a date but I think it's
cute date night anyways but what is
freshwater girl's room oh that cow our
own little water grill so cool it's a
better view so you're like in the
restaurant and this is Madonna Beach
beautiful pasta again
sigmund my mama got some stuff I like I
will thank you
hey guys my dad's house everyone is
getting ready I have my church dress on
cuz we're getting ready for a baptism
and I'm just working on the computer
what else is new always working always
editing videos um lighting is so much
better
I used to film videos in this background
we've had a big talk with this lighting
is harsh but yeah the stresses from
Target I'm just so cute my shoes are ten
Victoria's Secret way back in the day I
don't know if they still show sell shoes
anymore
then there's my black belt trophy back
there I think I showed you guys right
now I'm just waiting in the first
reading yourself solo meeting so chill
when I come down here I feel like such a
good little girl in my proper my proper
um church dress with dope to be with
your family
I mean for the most part but sorry I
slept last night my bed so I always on
the couch where I feel comfortable but
yeah it was editing some
behind-the-scenes footage of me short
I'm a music video which is definitely
probably out by the time you see it
definitely not by the time you see this
because I'm putting the vlogs in order
so you guys see the behind this
after the music video I'm going to like
to vlogs in order so just editing and I
saw this one awesome clip of us waltzing
now this is like just really behind the
scenes see before each take we did the
we held microphones to each other I love
this them
oh it was just a simple dance I love it
so much but that was so cute so I can't
just the actual video as of now I
haven't seen the actual video so um I
should be getting a cut tonight or
tomorrow oh yeah just having a little
family time this weekend and Shama
hummus he has family family is
definitely most important i crowns you
to keep you humble they've been there
for the game so always good spend time
with you family you can't choose your
family and I love my family I would
choose them all over again just between
you and me all right you guys trying
this new Starbucks through today it is
an iced grande coconut milk mocha
macchiato taste it real quick oh it's
really good the coconut milk drink are
so amazing alright guys how to drop the
family off at church so still working on
my coconut milk mocha macchiato no Matt
Target I don't even see that mmm I got
to get bonus evidence that my dad's
house I just brought to bring them
because I have my little purse with me
and normally my big purse mmm I was
Carrie Campbell's but so if you have
prayers ever I love this purse so I have
to go get tampons and get some hair
conditioner for my sister-in-law and
maybe some mascara because I look really
underdressed because I thought this was
just a casual thing and like 50 people
are coming to the reception so I'm going
to try and get a little more dressed up
and then I have to run back because I
have um I have things my god that people
need so I'm doing and that drink is
amazing
she is it the day
chocolate
or anything trash throw out this trash
that's already trashed up mascara hair
conditioner tampons and blush hmm
of course I don't have my makeup bag
with me and she that's also made out
solves my goal of do not get distracted
by these pretty beautiful clothes
upfront cute those jeans are so cute
that's so cute - these are so cute
why am I so easily distracted by this
kind of stuff I totally end up getting
more than just a nose and I've getting
those cute jeans tank top this new brand
my target okay not froze
those clustered GMO a bunch of other
goodies but I got the medic around
tampons for change that was baptism
literally every mom's not a parent we're
going to eat but she brought us a snack
and then we had to go to Stuart and get
more she acts like she's going on a road
trip for like not a road trip and I'm in
the car we had a stuff that I wanted to
get some University of San Diego para
what if she goes a little later but
forgot for sale we're having snacks on
the way to the luncheon the lunch party
so that's what we're doing today
University Nia got my brother went to
school and we're pretending me likes
coordination
yeah I'm so happy today
we yeah you don't get out
she got her food I thought matter to
Ridgeville great
Oh Mitchell zero this is a snap chef
share the rocks ever seen her legs she's
opening up a Red Bull
she got skills and every x in for cries
yesterday then I'll provide an infection
healthy mother right here okay we may
know pit stop at the donut place roses
Joe Maps
I'm going to get a chocolate glaze one
and that's it for me cuz I don't wanna
be too full
we're about to go eat we're getting
doughnuts we actually might want an
aspect Roman
this is my favorite thing ever he was
having a complete splurge a complete
cheat day how's the doughnuts my mom
gave me cash I'm going to use her cash
to pick foods donut yes okay
oh sorry there you go
thank you so much Oh video thank you so
much thing we love your Nonna top of our
favorite one in San Diego right yeah
roses doughnuts he'll cut my nuts like
chocolate film my mom's in the car she's
leaving me anyways my brother's live
right around the corner and we as always
if you donut so
my orc I would have home broke my leg
all right off to the party here we were
you gonna leave me out like she deep it
mean hmm
hold up so like that where's all our
other snaps in here we might make it mom
we may not we'll see look at my mom
she's a stripper if you guys were
no-shows for money now your team behind
you never to San Diego here today
however about two
honestly minimum aperture they do you
have nothing to have no details so we
got for lunch right right there couldn't
tomato song yes you look very credit in
my hair has took my son last fall to
Poseidon accept is amazing honestly go
back to your hand now we are here
twisting Labor Day so all the beers
this is the best sculpin grapefruit as
like it's fruity and my family's like
bones great for a like okay so I have
this which is Bassam taste
see we're pretty this was the second
fastest with a mango Salton no stomping
ebq ibu IPS so is even keel make second
best
this was actually like not the best and
I've been drinking and drinking my
parents because they don't drinks I have
been having there is and I will not be
driving don't worry
all right guys last words of the weekend
Scotty with a big ol meatball from
Philippines macula tomorrow my diet
today I'm with this have an egg whites
in slimfast
guys a abolish is right yeah yeah
pumpkin muffin no more you guys look how
big the cinnamon roll is it is huge
let me give you a comparison of my purse
to have a cinnamon roll it is crazy
I like the spoon Braley King we're at
pimples and that's like you feel amazing
alright guys these are my new nails
I just got yellow toes yellow nails
and my new album just came out master
hollow not the nail salon and I just
purchased my
which is super exciting hopefully you
guys have already forgot it and bought
it but I just got my elbows it's called
show time hey it looks like on my hands
so check it out if you guys haven't
already and I just got I'm so excited I
can't wait to come apart and tweet about
it but show time
