oh my gosh you guys it is in the name
warning I'm in full can glance at the
post office right now because it's the
day for music you I'm stressing the
public focus because just now I have
literally won't have to pick up from
here on track to FedEx until tunneling
9:00 a.m. right now afterwards downtown
away pick up my packages hopefully I get
everything here you wait at this post
office for an hour I have to drive an
hour and I have to dance today I'm
getting forgets Kyoko's extras for a
video and then also dance rehearsal for
the music video tomorrow then attack at
desperation unpacking my music viola
Dante's went two hours pathetic
undergarments bras accessories this one
is going to actual offset different
Trish items to make the house look like
my house
there's a huge girl like you I'm joking
over never have to verse 35 it isn't
they know me here never guess after all
set to go straight from doing all
messageboard apparently Susie
and they were supposed to film the video
that I have to get done for a
sponsorship I think it's more such a jet
before I go home or when I get home
which one will feel sweaty gross poor
sucks but doing everything on my own
stress release me I love my video so
much this is stuff for the most
stressful because it's just my directors
at home for like a month so we got all
the sarin like we can happen it's just
picking up packages just getting because
always high school because I was last
minute I had to prep everything but I
love doing it not America that is super
fun and I love doing it
I came out a little forward but I would
have logged the post office time just
really I have a lot of restrictions
today a lot of restrictions the last
night was not a good night for a number
of reasons but not important to take
stays in your day but just frustrations
we do see what happens help them at ease
by the time I Scrooge handle them all
PAP tonight laundry's done only alphas
on my packages came it was crossed and
no left I swear tonight and just relax I
have to table for his virginity oh my
god so much
all right y'all I'm in commerce now it
take me no joke an hour just Lighting's
up an hour and two minutes to get down
here for this package gonna be racing
against time there's a whole train over
there and we nose is running and I can't
blow it the makeup so when I open up my
package by this day it's already so
stressful there's one set of my Showtime
music video we are getting ready for the
first shot this is my first outfit very
casual outfit my love enjoy bye bye Sean
I think there's a fair
Oh first shot pictures up first shot
here we go
filming a blogging scene where I'm
Sophie fighting we're supposed to be
happy right now so man what if this is
part of the video you guys thought in
the video and we have the whole like hug
like this we're acting happy because
normally locked up like this he Angelo
and I hiked through like her you think
oh my god what are you that in the video
very fucking my boobs halfway through
that's the video you guys check out the
new house about this house oh yeah we're
gonna play that later
giving her piano lesson q yeah an angel
eating all we've got to go I love him
dialed by hey Zeus with my alpha today I
found Sean Charlie thank you yeah we
went to UM Topshop stop on Tricia maybe
a fitness video because Sean we're star
worship oh yeah
Ross rod this proper watching presence
II and I'm sure your music that yeah
same label hours anyways what my god
it's where's not okay another it's worse
for not like you values you know it's
we're going to be important okay yeah I
can do that Dan always having that how
it goes nos keep switching it up back
and forth and no turn you don't come at
her at all it's just kind of Savior when
the chem and there you go it is this
tool so in your right yeah and you may
go - yeah you said you don't know just
keep going to this awkward right but I
can you do that anyway oh yeah oh my god
I should do that all your friends can't
do that what do you give a camera on
Sean's face that's we know me so I gotta
he hates me yes me babe you updates me
what have we just do that video
ideally look I hate to I love you I hate
you oh my god how do I do
look look what you doing to me right now
yeah using still tell me anything she's
going away
you ready benefits of lodge I try not to
get too close to you except that don't
work like you if you can get like be
tiger like motherf ER you want me to get
my comers or fuck around we just fake
vlog for a seam look where I'm at look
where he's hat how is that we bought
yeah but there's basically really small
couch oh I know I couldn't dance bangin
away me me me me but only make me do it
be my little baby-baby but you know babe
damn that's not your channel John's
retired from YouTube no longer making
videos apparently what no longer making
videos because that was your choice that
was your choice I'm saying from your
channel first huh I know you told me
that you didn't want me to do videos on
my challenge where she let me take down
o our memories Oh Mike wasn't he was
over it you said you were over YouTube
said he didn't care about YouTube I
never saw I was over YouTube never
this is our lady there they are German
Andrew oh do it Go Go angel sing come to
my toilets we like this if you hold me
like you're gonna music video beautiful
okay guys now we are recreating crying
oh I don't even look something to me
really means like a guy
can we clear the stairs sorry I would
try to do Church with video camera C
might just hide it there alright nation'
let's do it again I was gonna gather
people you want reset Cyril
hey Jason just a panel Lilith Alexa
Wiggum kicks that really bright area I
like that goes yeah
stand-up forgot
Wow all right
rehearsals up let's keep your own pretty
clear guys
and back
scarcely two minutes
yeah
okay yeah crafty oh this is bougie
crappy I feel like hey nice try to shoot
shoot oh yeah I take that all with us oh
these are he's not like PR it's all felt
good yum-yum-yum-yum we just did a photo
shoot you guys were models always that
we're happy logging now our next scene
we look at each other and we pass each
other through the night we're just like
oh hey now you're a distant memory a
little crazy right now let's house gonna
be a place we're gonna I'm gonna eat a
distant memory
bye she's worried for everybody five six
seven eight
we're Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira River is
coming the empty naka spoil it were
filming the end of the video even though
we have with your shoe
I love crappie we were just in my
bedroom everybody oh this is cool
I was so fucking at my actual row oh my
god the Jameson hahaha I live actually
me yeah
I'm Angie you're my director 16th video
together you're going to be my love into
the next video editor no you shouldn't
yell it I know I love it then we're
going to bore bore together to shoot a
video it's not me you put out the
universe and happen alright thanks
what should I make you leave this is my
bedroom you're so cute I love that move
all cameras across in this video I can
watch a lot three guys still the same
out that and I'm obsessed with this
jacket
so coffee we're getting ready for the
performance which is my favorite part of
music video we're getting to 45 for head
yeah I think built this so cool I'm
gonna give you my camera to Shawnee over
here
oh you'll find out my snapchat
oh you're going on the whole the whole
video is he thinks ah yeah oh yeah meet
my little doggy it's not me all videos
me trying to get him in my camera click
don't get a camera the whole video the
whole videos like this you guys
minimal video I must do performance
right now in my pretty skiers out there
so excited yeah
BAM Britney Bamber I'm really this
camera over here rifle
dance fan brain brain brain brain being
a baby every room anybody baby pose pose
look at that that's nice
split yeah
booty booty pop from the side go fireman
and remember and remember that's the
whole game
Oh
you
mmm
you
you
doo-doo-doo-doo then cut the flap
today's Lena continued presence just in
shock weird all that will this be out
there the candles right there there
right there it is there they are
cone you can do the walk okay now
Desmond even it oh yeah
we do with her into the biggest li
nothing ever I'm a huge I really this
isn't redwood lit I'll be like he'll be
lit I'll be less here we will say so and
I love him but Ava like he's crying now
with it
that wasn't a laugh those actually
cheered with these people I mean what do
you do we don't want the cattle in my
face I don't want a pat on my face I
think we need to first fuck anything
happen today
oh my god yeah I told you at the
beginning you're on yeah yeah oh yeah
and then he grabbed my fucking army just
grabbing a fucking thing out secure
fuckin psychopath you're an actual
psychotic person he's so stupid if he
knows and he's a fuck what I know it
why are you doing oh I just ran off the
water yeah
you want to tell how crazy you are yeah
let's tell any people let's call your
head waitress a cattle you people want
you cannot result once you get up and
job what's it over top oh yeah okay and
go a little closer for me and be pushing
yeah this is sound yeah you got sound
but I'm not gonna for the video no no
sweetheart
cell going yep hey action why
I might have me next year's to come and
pick this up pick up the camera pick it
up yep yep yep yeah yeah linger don't a
little bit more yeah just so we have it
okay here we go my name's no go ahead
fight and then I'll say pick up okay
ready and action
picking up Trish Pisa your fucking like
that ass look how fucking pathetic you
look you look fucking boot angles
literally nobody fucking cares hey cool
all right how do you stop it love yay
all right this is our date boom James
well you're doing fine I'm sure
I mean gone Shawn Oh blast
tako on YouTube
laughs yeah yeah I'm a cocky little day
we did this rock Shawn Wow that was so
nice of you you did
Thank You Shawn he set up a date oh
hello grass oh that was like Sasa oh
shit
like my dress oh my god oh my god I'm
like falling they might have to pin that
up if were dancing because in your intro
part this is just like look it's like
sinking the heels I know what I mean the
back of the dress my name no okay but
look see how to see my heels making
those holes they're going down which I
have dancing flip-flops and not see my
feet oh oh look who's there
the final date night dinner with Trish
Q&A I'm invisible I'm invisible I'm like
you're guarded hair guardian angel what
if like every time we went out angels
just doing my hair he's like I have to
come with me on absolutely before you
have a conversation
hold on yeah he does that when we go out
angel literally will be on a table and
he'll be like man I can't help it I'm a
perfectionist
yes I love it I almost burned my oh my
god that would be optimal for
perfectionist
Oh
look we look so cute a little date night
damn I gonna offer me here oh yes yes oh
yeah we look so cute guys look at what
we're eating today
matching white jacket matching food yay
oh my god
hey Cheers grab a glass okay cheers
Cheers you guys do Cheers
oh my god so funny you look so cute you
don't suck yeah look at do check your
wine so have your check this one out
mmm so yeah okay
amazing mine um
and then now we hae together okay now
imagine um you guys are just like taking
a photo
you know like to this camera yeah like
with this camera like you're waving like
a photo or like a video like a video
yeah go ahead
where does your rink it is it yeah
can we drink it yeah sure yeah seriously
gently a.m. oh my god it would have
thought you loved it like a enter the
professional longer Oh looks like our
wedding here comes fine great okay great
so now let's great so I'm filming myself
angry don't you're filming Trish okay
this I don't want this anymore um the
idea being I don't care I don't wanna do
this anymore okay I can't stand this
shit Mme over it this is our life really
yeah
and pretty much I'm pretty sure pretty
sure this is what he wants is all he
wants from me
really cuz every time we go out you're
like when I was vlogging he's always
like when we longing Trish you're gonna
bond wait what do we I don't when do we
ever camera when do we ever do stuff
better without filming everything we had
to do is not wanna see the camera he's
so dumb like literally so stupid you're
so stupid I'm over it I'm over it see oh
my goodness it doesn't work okay oh yeah
some point in your life this isn't gonna
work anymore this isn't gonna work
you don't like this yes by the way
that's literally all he wants do me the
same
