I am really efficient apparently but
yesterday it was such a long day fun day
never been a long day I'm not used to
leaving my house and being around the
people and doing multiple things one day
usually when I leave the house I do like
one thing and that's it but it is day to
you if only this is what I could never
be like an actress or anything
I can't imagine like doing a movie for
like a month and a half for like two
months of three months you have to get
up every day I've worked 15 hour days
I'd be fun when I do it I'd be like I
get so much anxiety anyways I'm super
excited it's a de jure out from me
wearing sunglasses it's like a huge mood
when it's dark and rainy
um but yeah I'm sure he was Shane and
Rylan today I'm very excited today is my
day to turn into Shana which I thought
was gonna be easier and then I could
think about it and I like putting myself
in situations that like does it feel
like me obviously that's the point of
this video so I'm a little nervous
breakdown because it's a very attrition
thing to do about a shame thing but I'm
really excited cause I love gene I love
our little adjust I love
just camera guy don't avoid Suzy I love
everyone so I'm really excited it was
just that it's like hang out and do
something different so I got my sparkles
gonna get me sparkly I got him off the L
lines people ask me all the time I've
talked about all the time would have had
these forever I love them so much
hey Mike how trash might still be good I
don't know but anyways blow it up to him
no break is the very Jeanie do coolest
stuff so I love his Marc Jacobs bag
especially Jenna get all that glitter on
it for my Jesus Christmas music video
Santino's was you're not a little bit so
I could get on all right yeah no you're
good
oh my god it dresses up my hair just
double duty trying to get this wig on my
head you don't make it work little
braids oh that is so funny
you're like I love braiding it call me
psycho they're gonna be pretty sick but
they're kind of crazy look right well
they're gonna go away girl I'm going out
okay we're gonna give you sick dude I
thought maybe they would be cured after
I can have some cute bracelet no no
today we just trying to be efficient
again this year well official Oh a fish
tall got an efficient I think you might
like just a fish like a like a fish like
a you know when like dragons are fishy
oh yeah I'm turning in to shame chains
back there what are you watching Shane
you comments oh love that response why
giving away the same gold MacBook Air
it's literally been that long since you
know forever I don't even know any but I
just clicked on it the other day three
years ago remember we were in that like
I'm all together I remember it was like
in like Manhattan Beach and you were
like into gold at the time and you're
like oh I should get the gold back that
was literally like three hands
but that was like a thing in the past I
was like three years ago yeah under
bronze bronzey downgraded from gold
where is that vlogging I literally have
no idea how to do it but I think in a
more candid it's more real conversation
okay how are you like oh yeah that's the
Christmas present I said I got it was
wrapped before I showed up this the
Christmas so funny watching you in front
of the pictures like me at my house
which is me with Victor's everywhere as
like other team yeah that was his most
like photo should we look up with me on
the best night oh my phone's not their
best night how literally Sony it was the
number one last year that supposed to
play two days I know the December mind
you my Jason Momoa one was the most
liked of the whole year and that was in
December
oh did he retire and on the other Club
Clark - yeah police seemed so oh my god
we're trying to get well me I'm trying
to get a shame to get Jason well his
chains like as relevant as him he has
more followers you know what you need a
guy I'm know you have more he had 5 you
have 5 point something the crazy fan is
like nope you actually have 5 points you
gonna do Canada like a creeper like
literally do the top 9 for everybody I
follow its a nap oh you don't just put
in the username you don't know if you
know someone's password you do the time
she was saying I didn't understand how
to take New York
mine is girl mine's good but then I did
a post because that's going to do shit
so yeah ok I'm going to do that shit no
I've never done that you have man half
woman now I feel whole man does this
good job oh yeah I want fuck a drag king
this is cute this is the first time
she's done my makeup and I you know I
love my makeup and shake your anything
even no skill you got I love oh no come
here
hey this is my new best friend and then
walk with shake shake you have to be a
little more authority I'm not him so
much and I don't let the dogs she does
slowly like yo was that oh right
I'm in the conspiracy the office room oh
I was doing it way was showing me um
that's ten millions subscribe that's
actually everything that's actually
really cool here's the thing about okay
Tommy I'm so person who cares about that
stuff it looks real no but like so I'm
not like I saw whatever but it's weird
that it's always dirty and no matter how
much I clean it it's dirty
oh really for Shane's video this is
everything sir in my last name you
remind me of like a youtuber from like
five years ago
wow we just have you guys look like
today that with the clean shaven look at
you to do it yeah yesterday I was
everything yeah we just film iconic
conspiracy that was every
I'm just living boredom I do I tell you
all the time I'm like I love your
conspiracy theory videos and I got to do
it ya know you're like yeah I know you
do a good because I'm dehydrated just
lipstick you have very random things in
your house like just alcohol and
Skerritt had the orange was an orange
juice burning creepy Harry Potter okay
is it really scary yeah yeah
what is that that's why we married her
Eva wait really why is there a horse in
there oh oh that's interesting equipment
worth bathroom by the worse you know
yeah after 11:00 you have a bloody
there's like a bloody washcloth in here
and it like oh okay
they look at guest:i what's in it I
thought it was like I thought she did
like girl yeah well if you left it up
what I bet these girls do that's what
of all the gay jokes that's what you
should have said the game thing
homophobic you can't be homophobic
imagine taking your body is that saying
I think you can be sure I made a pit
stop in the Valentine's Day section I
want everything here so pretty
oh these puns yes can we get this to
okay I think I'm ready with my staff
yeah yes this is all no I am NOT I love
all the Valentine's Day stuff oh yeah
these are fake flowers right obviously I
love them but like I don't know if
they're what I love those pillows in
that pink thing too but I don't know
what I would do with that and also I
took an uber so I don't know how I'm
gonna over that backhoe that would not
be a good thing
oh are you Irish I think you would be
all right oh my god this could be here
for st. Patrick's Day
these are so pretty oh these are really
pretty too yeah all right Ellen on hens
day yeah there's just so many things oh
sorry
okay
are you blogging this vlog oh yeah I'm a
youtuber I've never I've never seen some
block really no always so awkward and
let you know what it is some people I
just like like what are you doing I'm
like I don't know I just don't even
explain it but I have heard a lot of
people are like yeah you get like you
get used to doing it after a while you
know yeah I've done that literally it's
11 years so I'm like oh nice oh I was
gonna say though that's bold like just
like just have it I don't like doing it
very often in public where I'm like you
know I do it low-key and so someone
called Jana says are you blogging
nope just kidding' it out because some
people do get like so weird about I mean
I hope you know that sup are you
blogging not a ya know out of that um
mama Dawson I got us friendship
bracelets into your Irish there's one
for you and one for me and we need a
we're on all the time it remind me of
you cuz you're Irish so we got matching
friendship islands rockin the craziest
Hulett mama doesn't curse wasn't pumped
up in emotion is a Celine Dion bag can
you believe mine
I love that the straps they turn into
because Shane got it for her I love that
that's everything I'm vibrating I don't
know what Shane let me see oh they're
POTUS Shane literally hello we're just
checking out Brian's getting a mug and
I'm getting a couple months and we're
done okay they're doing the thumbnail
for okay so basically this video turn
into a part three L's oh you haven't
having time but that's okay it doesn't
make any sense Jesus but look back at me
oh my god oh good looks like a prank
video I look to the first thing that she
says Jesus it's Jesus Christ Jesus
Christ did it wasn't a minion and so I
just I took it I don't have the I'm not
verified yet so I don't have the year or
URL because unfortunately somebody took
that but as far as my channel goes it's
actually just Jesus Christ that well
link in description go subscribe to God
Jesus son a bad penny saved yeah
subscribe and be safe it's that and you
said to give all your YouTube revenue to
$1 be saving service that's right uh
Aussie rescue so cow check them out
Aussie rescue SoCal org you're giving
your money your YouTube money to a
charity yes
hey guys so it is the next morning and I
wanted to say goodbye and it's like I
literally just woke up because I wanted
to add up
what a crazy two days that was it was so
insane we just um and like yeah we did
so much but honestly like because a
chain like it would just it literally
just felt like a vacation like I want a
vacation would make my best friend like
it was so cool and it was just so cool
cuz I could just brought us together in
such a different way you know cuz we can
get together and talk and talk about
YouTube chuckle all what's going on his
life my life but it was like the first
time in like years even years ago when
we did hang all the time the first time
we like meshed like connected you know
what I mean like that sounds weird it's
like we always connect but I like just
like I don't know just like it was more
like we were the same person it was
really and that discuss research lies
but just like we just have a lot of
similarities and I just really love them
and the best part to me aside from that
was getting to know Ryland who I didn't
know that well like always so sweet
innate me and nice I just didn't really
know him that well Garrett as well I
think everyone back there probably twice
before and that was like yours
about a year and a half ago we were
saying and then when you get to spend
that much time with people like you you
can kind of get the vibe with them like
when he spent a lot of time with
somebody right so you're gonna get the
vibe and I hope they got a good vibe for
me because I had such I got such good
vibes from them Rylan is like I was I
was talking to him in the kitchen about
it I'm gonna just mean him and I was
like you know it so well because like
they're always together 24/7 like they
say they you know they go to the gym in
the morning then come home and like you
know work whatever they're just always
together and the fact that they are
still like obsessed with each other and
like you saying that they love each
other more and more each day and said
like getting sick of somebody which I
think happens with a lot of people when
they spend that much time together I'm
someone when I'm in a relationship I
want to spend 24 hours a day with that
person and it's usually that person
isn't one spend 24 hours a day with me
the fact that they both found each other
and they both love spending all that
time together created everything
together all the time in four hours but
I mean that's pretty remarkable and it
made me really happy to get to know them
better it's not just really happy
because obviously especially she's a
brick Rylan and Garrett she knits like
hangs out with all the time and
I obviously watch all their videos
inside like that so it was cool to get
to know them because I know I've known
gene now for like I guess five years a
little over five years technically I've
known him for like eight years I met I'm
like back when we did like a Katy Perry
parody but like friends like five years
and so I've seen a lot of people come
and go and so I won I feel lucky to
still that we're still connected and
we're so strong and like it just it
never went away which is I'm really
thankful for because he isn't a
consistent friend in life and when we
did the MOOC long and just everything
went all the talks we had it's just so
interesting to hear things out loud
about you know we don't really talk
about the math there's really no point
in talking about that but it is
interesting to hear but also amazing how
much we've come from you know the
beginning and stuff like that it's like
you don't realize when you're growing
and evolving and then you just like kind
of reflect and it is I'm like literally
just we can't but I'm talking such
craziness but know everyone was amazing
in Islam and even the guy who does his
videos his name's Andrew so frickin
sweet like just really great people like
surrounding him and I've just I was
happy to be a partner like it really was
cuz like you guys said everyone involves
and changes and grows and you meet new
people and things happen or whatever but
I feel like the bond we have stayed and
then just if anything has gotten
stronger the past few days which is cool
it's like this it was like an intense
what does he think well like when you go
to like intense training or like intense
you know worship group where's the Bing
like we can called an intensity I don't
think I don't know
still raining here today so um that's
right gloomy but I need to edit so you
take one night off or something and then
it's like boom you have 500 videos it
was just fine you know I got a do today
so I hope you guys enjoyed the videos
all like them the stuff we've been
filming all is gonna go on Shane's
obviously let's definitely film like the
full length that did it make sure you
think I'm gonna probably on this channel
and I'm a geology like that so you know
it's very happy to
film what I could but I was beyond that
you know Shinsegae look amazing he
spends a lot of time and energy on his
videos like the fact that he does that
all the time like that much energy and
that much work and it's a lot you know
but I mean it's fun but I I could
probably like one of those month but he
does three a week that's insane so you
know it's good but you know what that's
when it shows that hard work pays off
people can be like oh my god all his
views and stuff like that but he works
his butt off like there's a reason he
gets the views he gets you know it's
it's a lot and I'm as inspiring like I
said I always want to kind of push it to
the next level and it dry I tried my
best as a one-woman show but it's it's
hard but that was really fun so I hope
you guys enjoy the videos they aren't
lates of their own change channel so
check them out I love you guys don't
smoke some hammer kisses from a little
bit this year
oops are always 1:00 in the morning
bye guy
