oh my gosh job guess I'm doing my photo
shoot today for showtimes right like I
never liked a Ahri's makeup but this is
so cool it's from honest hacia Berkeley
Hills Mike we need to use this blue so
gorgeous can show them a palette to this
palette so cute ice cream palette from
dose of colors I'm literally getting
this just for the like aesthetic of it
how gorgeous she is that on my eyes
today it was like so pretty love and
then this is the final clam for oh hello
light come through
yep this is the glam we are shooting the
cover angel you're like in the back you
don't even say anything you're like
getting out of the frame like they just
graduated from UCLA look at him he's got
off the boat off the yachting Club he
literally was the one to tell me I had
to put garters on - I have no idea how
to do it so much - Isaiah back there
where are you I say he left there he is
I say it back to shoot my cover this is
my fist cover together this is v / -
yeah I don't have em what stuff
we lose count six years in the making
hahaha lighting so good Adam Mountains
I'm not firing angle never books all
lines for a candle stand oh yeah it's
good Oh angel making it makeshift tripod
okay oh this actually does light it
looks really good
oh my god Hey look look at it looks like
you're in a music video watch ah come up
salad lighting and I'm looking so cute
so good right yeah I'm going to throw
that I love it it's a snap resume
picture how much to nap okay yes you
ever I know I like it was like go like
Showtime super love my grandma then ha
ha ha Jimmy Buffett way oh my god that's
so pretty I like I don't like that
though because the eyes really awkward
right all right this looks so good I'm
obsessed
oh you would you profile I'm doing
really good yeah
shitting all over today for showtimes so
excited yeah white on top I'm just
behind a big bloke and the voice of God
perfect I'm no Harry I'm so used to
playing my hair
perfect good job okay so I'm just
finished up my photo shoot for my album
cover and I think a obviously roots
video and I'm going to rehearse dance
for our music video shopping and I have
a lot to get around and it's Sunday go
to bank the post office but after which
starts tomorrow I got my Starbucks cup
my hair is like so not what I normally
would wear and this we're not used to it
got my combat boots on and I have my
black leather book bag I'm just 90s
checked out but awesome if there was
another attack Emily funny Department
living and moving is it as Middle East
as up it was so fucking rude destroyed
no negativity positivity okay Church
this is where we're rehearsing for the
music video
big shots are here
oh he's already here this is what it
looks like inside hey he's learned to
walls good how are you
so I would dance Sonny I probably hear
he was teaching earlier today I didn't
think you were going to make it
follow along yeah hey this is where we
are rehearsing for the music videos
where we heard for playground to let you
in here yeah yeah
you actually really
India interpreter Bianco
much shit I want to videotape that you
we were me the end
we should go
don't jump
you can we
we
pretty good Wow I think about the recipe
of everything you do actually I stole
Sean cat we having sangria
he wasn't drinking and now it's better
to not drink and then to be drinking if
you're drinking look at him watching
your video she hears the hell
cheers to
probably crying time Oh cheers - Cheers
- actually I have to cry in the video
and I'm thinking everybody crying - I
can cry but I don't know another make me
feel another kitchen before Papa got
here cheers - yay cheers to that
hmm I love crying it's a cry
I'm watching that he likes to watch
himself me llamo fees oh hi auntie
brought this new PC what are you getting
by the way
he wants to flip me so cutely like we
ask for something you got to get
something and then I'm in saloon but
what I tell her what the two things I
want to eat normally she likes on ok
what can I tell you the two things done
to anybody secret I can't tell you by
his eyes from the camera the secret on
what I want to eat
Shawn's trying on clothes
both Vidya look your model abortion
stripper oh my god it's true oh my god
is this your first time is this yours
pretending Shawn naked oh wait look yeah
wait no show limbo Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
wow wow did you love being naked Amy in
the Bam Bam everything he loves me make
him
