hey everyone my new EP Showtime is
available now on iTunes thank you guys
so much for the support we are number 14
on the iTunes pop charts so if you guys
go by and support it I appreciate it so
much I love you guys hey guys
it is September 6th and Showtime just
came out on iTunes so I'm calling a
bunch of you too thank you for buying
the album um you guys just it would have
to screenshot on Twitter that you
purchased it and you're listening to it
and I'm going to thank you for that
support because it all goes right back
into making music videos for you guys to
watch and we're gonna just start calling
people the first person I see is it's
Murphy and actually treats me quite
awesome so we're gonna call him first
cuz I am really excited I said if you
guys were in school don't give me your
phone number because you guys have to be
up early and it's late 9:40 hi stretch
are you good good where are you at what
what's B I was like oh my god it's gonna
be late
how are you oh my gosh hey what'd you do
this weekend anything any plans I'm fun
I'll be there where are we going I may
be so fun oh my holiday u-turn how old
are you you look like so much more
mature in your photo thank you you look
yeah yeah you look so cute oh my god I
Weimer
hey guys I'm vlogging I was assigned I'm
like I recognize your Twitter picture so
this was like I own her phone first
because like we've talked before so I'm
so excited well thank you so much for
like by me I mean so much to me thank
you I really really really appreciate
that that means so much to me by many
other people but why follow you on
twitter so we'll keep in touch there
yeah bye bye
so cute mmm it was late now with me on
like quiet like no that's out the door
alright next number we are calling is
Jennifer she has my favorite emoji the
crying I'm so down for that oh my I was
in Toronto probably probably see the
guys in Toronto I was there for like a
book signing at the Eaton Centre like so
long ago yeah work but I couldn't
because no one would take my shit for me
oh wow
oh my god that's so funny you sound so
young for 21 yeah I'm down to get drunk
anytime I'm sorry baby really happy I
love I said I called you cuz you had my
favorite emoji and then you had the fish
emoji so I was like all this girl she
knows me she gets me but yourself you
your little thing and your makeup
artists it says my own makeup i'm so not
perfect at all girl I'm looking at your
picture now I'm like oh no you're
definitely not 12 you're definitely 21 I
was like oh girl you're so sexy I'm
gonna get the body see one on your
Twitter now I just bought far away's and
I'm like when I meet you and I'm going
to meet you with my life goal Oh totally
I'm gonna follow you right now so like I
we've been keep inside because I'm on
y'all I love Toronto so I would come and
I do be the first one I call I was
blogging and I'm hauling my daughter
y'all this is my daughter Jennifer
you're so gorgeous like gorgeous like I
was like shocked because like I said
your picture was hard to see and I
assumed it on that like oh they gorgeous
and then your Instagram I'm on that now
I'm like such a creeper like I would
like to see who I'm talking to
yeah I want it right now I'm looking at
it online oh my gosh oh my gosh girl
look at you I'm looking at all yours
you are so frickin pretty oh holy cow
this is crazy
are you it a mock do model
besides me oh good you were where I'm
like following you now and you're so
frickin pretty like this is crazy oh my
god well you are like sunny this is so
weird you thought like it a little kid
I'm light on your phone but he's doing
gorgeous oh right I forgot my blog now
is gonna be like who is this person like
I'm seriously obsessed with you now why
do you have a channel name yep oh my god
I will totally be the first to subscribe
I'm hundred percent I feel like you
should honestly just your personality on
the phone and your pictures I can tell
like oh my god you would be amazing I'm
obsessed with you I would probably be
your first subscriber let me know before
anyone else not subscribe you first
hahaha I love talking with you I'm
following you so we can talk on Twitter
thank you so much for like supporting me
and like show time that's like so cool I
really appreciate it butter them the
first time I did this for daddy issues
and you guys oh my god you guys know so
sweet that's gross oh I gotta tweet
about it so we have another birthday and
his name is Jack and I do know his mom
Eileen she is a met her on Twitter and I
am going to get Jack Paul cuz he said
it's Eve my EP is at number 15 right now
which is so cool on the pop charts and
he is 15 so it's good luck and it's
birthday so I'm gonna call Jack in
Florida ten o'clock why is Jack my
friend he's gonna cause me his mom
actually doesn't remember I don't know
why I'm blocking it
hi Eileen and Jack if you're watching I
hope you are there Eileen and Jack are
like two of our biggest supporters like
they support me and happy birthday to
you Oh Jack I predict to you
Miranda president calling you how are
you happy birthday I'm so happy to talk
to you I was just talking to my blog and
saying I know your mom and I haven't
talked to you really that much so I was
like I'm gonna call Jack and say what's
not that birthday thank you I wouldn't
you dude you guys do anything fun for
your birthday what did you get yes oh my
god a something I love when you guys go
there and tweet pictures I bet I'm like
oh it's so good I love you so much like
you and your mom like Sarah Sarah so
nice to me has to sign my blog that say
oh you guys are so nice I guess so so
appreciate that so much
I know we tried calling her and that was
the night Sean like his shoulder blades
like blood open and then he had to go to
like see Mia together like Oh should we
just try calling yeah yeah we were like
cuz we were watching it together and
we're like oh look like howleen and then
she didn't answer and then we're just
like ah and then he had to go to like
boom ergency room basically but yeah
well what's gonna guess what oh my god
you should put him up here with the
bloopers Evan what's your YouTube
channel
okay I love you - I love you soon
your mom hijacked your boat here well we
would come to your area and that will
we'll call you guys up and like have
lunch or something yeah for sure on that
- I said well next time I see Shaun like
when we're just chillin will totally do
that 100% because you know I just said I
would never like or anything I
appreciate I appreciate that what is
your YouTube channel what's the name of
it just like how you spell it on Twitter
yeah
are you SSL trying to you and you're on
my blog channel right now so I'll make
sure to give there you are a McDonald's
food review yeah of course alright so
Jack Russo you're on my blog so everyone
go check him out and yeah I'm watching
out well I'm gonna subscribe so but I
will talk to you and your mom soon and
I'll see you guys on Twitter but thanks
guys so much for all the love they run
true to size I would say if you want to
sleep shirt like I usually get like an X
out for like a sleeve shirt for the
commend size if you want to be like
comfortable if you want to more fit in
like you know no same size girl I've
seen you were like the same time oh
you're skinnier than me then I'm 5/3 I'm
short I'm sure it then squatty right
yeah it runs true to size oh you think
what the woman's my neck sweatshirt yeah
yeah I get the 2x in that actually
because I like it to be really comfy and
Becky no oh my god you're so crazy I'm
really not in person I mean I swear I
yeah I would thank you I think it double
XL it fits it fits very forgetting
really yeah your mom's like literally
the cutest thing hopefully like a ring
light or something you know really why
subscribe to your channel well you're
gonna get more you're gonna be my blog
tomorrow so I'll put your link below so
everyone who's watching this go
subscribe to Jack no I really appreciate
it I really do and all your videos are
you making about us and I didn't really
appreciate it and I love that you're
doing food reviews I think that's
awesome McDonald's food review Hey
oh I guess so many mean comments you got
it you know you just got to not read
them or like be like whatever they don't
know me you just you know people doesn't
mean yeah but keep doing it oh it's your
birthday and I'm we talk all the time I
always see you guys on Twitter so it
means a lot to me that you're is
tweeting ELSS so happy birthday I'm so
happy to talk to you a hundred percent
we will thousand percent alright yeah
we'll have a good night now what you
guys soon alright bye bye love you guys
bye oh I cut that out and between
because I lean and on the phone and was
so crazy how you like you become like
friends
it's crazy actually like I talked to her
like I would my mom's my mom and my
sister it's a weird it's bizarre so this
was the why next shirt that Eileen was
talking about and I do get the double XL
and I thought about actually ordering
that myself can get a Trisha Paytas
that's part sure calm and I have a bunch
of new phone cases and whatnot on here
and t-shirts um but let's check iTunes
let's see where we are in the charts hi
I'm so excited I just want to be next to
Brady okay go to all genres and then I
go shoot pop I love talking to all you
guys by the way so much fun follow me on
twitter at your penis that's where I see
the most comments they're usually pretty
nice on there so don't be mean don't
come join me on Twitter y'all only nice
comments alright let's go to top albums
oh oh I'm right under clean Britney how
y'all see you Matt pop charts oh my gosh
number 14 and Britney oh my god I'm
coming Britney I'm coming for ya nice
Britney Spears y'all guys I'm losing my
damn mind
umm I look crazy I need to go make my
bed yet tonight I'm just on a high
talking to guys at that of my eating
show from our own thank you guys so much
for buying my album supporting we got to
number 14 on the pop charts and to me
being right underneath for these videos
I'm happy for it I'm not coming for you
girl I'm coming for you Britney jokes
of course everyone got so mad at my blog
I posted today on my snapchat blog yeah
duh Britney is cold ween I could barely
wash the gunk between her feet she's
like that Queenie and I'm that peasanty
but I love you guys so much you guys see
my little butt over there so like pillow
I'll sit in the couch cuz my family was
here and I
anyway okay guys I'm gonna go to I'm
gonna be up what am I talking about I'm
gonna be up but does it but thank you
guys so much again show times up now on
iTunes you guys want to go and support
it would mean a lot all the links will
be down below for merch and albums and
all that stuff and you guys are tweeting
me and talking to me and loving me and
being cool and just just just supporting
me it means a lot and it feels good to
be supportive for something positive
that I'm doing and I just I love you
guys so I will talk to you guys soon
next vlog and I have some
behind-the-scenes stuff coming up but my
photo shoot and the music video do you
like me yellow nails inspire right
Hannah mojo I love them but I love you
guys and I'll see you soon yeah
