hey guys I'm in the middle of makeup do
my own makeup today yes I do my own
makeup I'm getting a little better at it
actually I didn't make up the past two
days
oh yes lighting is better this way but
I'm doing my makeup this way well I know
it literally makes no sense that I do
the lighting in here is bad
I don't know why I feel comfortable I
have a vanity back there but I don't
know why I feel comfortable like on the
floor but I am blending my under eyes
for the buds even actually I was taught
you can actually go lower my makeup
artist gave me a lesson one day and
she's like you can actually bring it
pretty low
can I get blonde better
yeah
blend it up there I look crazy right now
though but I like this part so I was a
climate of vlogging then I set it with
the laura mercier translucent powder I
put this underneath my eyes and I put a
lot of it I just I like to put a lot
about underneath
yeah as I seen uh pretty squares in new
glory all before I turn it off so I
didn't get over copyright but anyways
just I show y'all that I am freaking
quite over makeup people think I get my
makeup done every day I don't I do a
couple on today's guys I am parked I'm
staying I'm not driving um um I just
wanted to say I hope one who's all
having a good day
and two I just want to say like how
important it is to spread kindness and
positivity and I'm working on this every
single day so don't think I'm preaching
like I am holier than thou I'm just such
a good girl all the time but I'm telling
you as someone who used to come from a
place of jealousy hurt insecure
negativity like I used to love to bring
others down because it kind of made me
feel like they could be at my level if I
was bringing them down but life doesn't
work that way even though maybe you feel
better in the moment because I have that
sharp calm where it's like if I feel
better in the moment hurting somebody
like it'll make me feel better in that
moment but not what does it make you
feel worse in the long run your whole
energy gets thrown off and I really
really have to focus on that not feeding
into negativity not feeding in what
other people think of you is not a
reflection on who you are so people
could say every anything and everything
they want like negative whatever what
what they say about you is not a
reflection of you as a reflection of
them and and that's even it goes both
ways positive and negative like
tygo family getting up behind me
okay work um you know when I hear a girl
like build up another girl or come from
another girl you know just work I
whatever it just it really is like oh
wow that shows that kind of person is
like so kind like when people build up
and talk about another person even one
that put specially on that person's not
around like wow you're like a really
great person to be talking and when you
were someone talking shit about someone
else you're like damn I wonder if they
say that about me and it's just always a
reflection and people who spread lies or
rumors or truth for that matter trying
to bring someone else down it's just
it's a really crazy concept to me and
it's I don't but I'm not gonna even
focus on them because it's not about
that
yesterday I had a complete mental
breakdown because of what someone said
about me what someone heard about me and
then they were spreading that around
complete untruths
and it really brought my whole day and
I'm like why are we letting someone
else's opinion on me bring me down you
know as long as you can live with
yourself and you're good like you are
doing the best you can like I'm not
forever isn't at all
I'm only doing the best I can and I
can't
I can't feed in like if you feed into
everybody what everyone thinks and this
is whether you're on social media not
social media whatever the case may be
like don't feed into other people's like
idea of you and like I said seeing
someone like attack you or bring you
down or and I'll just put this on me me
seeing someone attack me and bring me
down it's almost like
I don't say sad cuz I don't sound
condescending but it's almost like what
did it why is this person so like I
question it I'm like on Wyatt why am i
such a concern like I love the people
who watch my videos and or invest in my
life and wanna see me do good and root
for me
and know everything about me when you
guys come up to me you guys know some of
you guys will be like literally I'll
meet someone and it will see that vlog
from that day and bring it up like oh my
god you like really glum and that's
really really cool because they're
rooting for you they they're invested in
you it's like a friendship they they
wanna they want to see you good and they
they have interests in you but when
people have interest in your life and
just try to look for a fuckup in your
life like it's great it's just I don't
like I said I don't want to sound
condescending it's just it's just a
bizarre bizarre concept to me because
I've never been so invested in someone's
I think I'm gonna I'm looking for
something to I don't know I ever found
out something negative about someone
that I looked up to was friends with
whatever the case may be like I just
move I just keep moving I'm just like
okay well I I got people out of my life
a lot because of that but I don't I
don't know it's just it's just like I
said it's a bizarre concept and that's
coming from someone who used to troll
but I was never trying to bring it
someone down by trolling it was more me
just be like hey look at me any fees I'm
desperate for attention you know which
is fine that's totally fine but to bring
someone else down that's work it's a
little anyways I'm getting off a tangent
I really am all about positivity day I
was on snapchat and I was just like you
know be kind spread kindness kindness
will come back to you everything comes
back to you well karma call it God
called the universe call it life things
always do come back around and good and
bad and wrong and right all of that
comes around and so I just dumb
I just trying to do the best I can I
just trying spread like love and
kindness and just not feed into any
negativity because I really had a mental
breakdown and it wasn't it was it may be
trigger part of it but it wasn't all of
it because I don't know I have a lot I
do have a lot of mental issues I'm not
using that as an excuse or like a pity
like I do I have a lot of inner demons
that I struggle with and certain things
can trigger that and you got to keep
those in check and thank God for Shawn
yesterday I don't know I had the worst I
had the worst I guess it's an anxiety
attack I don't know what it was I was
the worst that I've ever felt like I
just it was it was the scariest thing
and it's not blame on anyone but at all
just my inner demons my inner struggle
and things to trigger it and then I just
get anxiety and I don't like that and so
a lot of times I have to pull my own
self out of it thank God Shawn was
arrested because I was probably like the
worst has happened but
I have to pull my own self out and if
your someone has to pull your own self
out you don't have someone I don't
always have somebody pull your own self
out of it better really really pray put
it out like say it's because the
University whatever you have to do and
just and if on the other side just know
whatever you say about somebody it
really can affect them whether you know
them or not whether you don't think
they're gonna hear about it or see about
it like everyone everyone gets hurt
everyone gets hurt and sometimes it's
better if you have nothing nice to say
don't say it at all if it's not
something positive kind encouraging or
going to help somebody maybe you know
just think twice it's cool to have
opinions on things that's for sure but
Tim to bash someone else my speaking
your opinion is it's like crazy and um
I'm just again this is really just a
general statement because I see it
happen to my friends I see it happen to
me I see happen to be more not on social
media and it really just breaks my heart
that this does affect people on such a
real level and social media should be
fun and entertaining and you know I love
listening to people's opinions on things
I do I love it if it can be done
respectfully and I've said you can talk
about anything if you do it respectfully
like you know I'm sure I'm definitely
shying away from videos you know
speaking too much of my mind because I
do like YouTube to be light-hearted and
for whatever it is and I'm working on it
trust me I know I know I know I'm a mess
I know I'm a work in progress it's a
daily thing but it feels better to speak
positivity I hate putting up back in the
day when I control I would put up a
video and I would be like holding my
breath and so scared like oh my gosh how
much haters gonna get oh my gosh like
what are the Commons can say oh my gosh
like I'm gonna get in trouble like oh my
gosh should I set back to my career like
it was the anxiety that was oh my god
like not worth it at all and like I said
after a while it just didn't feel good
anymore I forgot the last like troll
troll video I did for like saying
spewing just crazy shit just for views I
can't remember and I felt so bad oh my
god my heart hurts so bad I'm like gosh
could I
why would I offend someone so deeply I
can't remember
I can't remember to be honest but I just
remember feeling like gross like I don't
need a I can't do this anymore and that
ladies knows what you get with wisdom
anyways I got to go around the corner
and pick up Sean I got my new Karen
Walker sunglasses which I'm super
excited about actually got them from a
music video on Tuesday but I kind of
want to wear them now but I don't want
to pluck up my eyelash
oh yes oh yes so cute I love get my
playground s BTW and meow my G Shock
watch by the L lines stop chopped up I
get my hair colored by someone new today
I love them doesn't play at Kimba we
watched chick-fil-a doggy sticky yeah I
think I'm not gonna vlog you what I did
you don't yes hey do my hair day yeah
Kimbo hair salon amazing he's done
Shaun's here for literally a good job oh
my gosh yeah they give you champagne
here take the earth six years gates on
Sean Karen six years yeah and I'll keep
doing my hair and they give a champagne
here so that's all we're doing today
Shawn and I were masking their pressure
you look about for being sick look how
good he looks sick you look amazing now
Shawn is sick so we got juices and I got
a look at these cute little shots I got
in this cold Buster I got him this
metabolize energy tea he's kind of sick
because of me because I've been pushing
I'm Alonzo no he got energy these are
all vitality shot and my nasty pitch for
a nasty bitch your nasty pitch but you
also got juiced Shawn your juice is take
up a sexy Mayan salad spinner yeah
that's you
and then what is this oh this is my ill
oh look so that's mine that like so
gross
yeah what's green I don't like great so
I'm gonna be looking crazy I love it as
John is like oh I always have to bring
my son from a video I'm like this is me
I don't care hi like in video I look
crazy
Anand Hayes is this one you got the sexy
maíam that's a hot in here
so so we're doing China still sick so
we're post waiting medicines we can feel
better my hair is a WoW dress actually
pretty absolutely how is it good he
looks really cute sick though I honestly
think you're like the cuticle King sick
person I've ever exceeded my look
thank you okay sloppy you know like Oh
like your hmm
would you want to be a little bit more
it's good to kind of really hip it would
you like it to come back to me Julie
Newmar Kali Puja I really like our and
this is almost looking a little too
light right almost 90 of your base
companies you ride it a little bit here
ultimate little bit more than yeah yeah
it's
what is online
like we're having like a oh I feel like
it's a it's a dance showdown and people
gonna come watch us if anybody wants to
come watch this dance we are at I'm just
kidding hey we should we tell people
come guys anybody wants to watch our new
dance it's called
what do you think about that we have all
these tape like we're going to put free
ticket sales out sian free oh my god we
should hey babe whatever we taught at
the end cos I come with Shawn he's gonna
teach and I'll be as assistant and we
can teach you yeah Tom Commerce she
probably won't want to do it but I'll
push it to you know some really key to
keeping our gantry Shih Tzu at Adyar
let's show them our pieces okay she's
man huh should I put it into the mirror
like this
stand right there one second where's
that one we're dancing okay that's cute
one two three four five six seven one
two three four five six seven eight
oh my god trashy underwear right here
that's his new nickname poem trashy and
irreverent we don't say hey trash hand
over hand arun joshy I'm a marketing
each other for six chassis under her
