guys react first time claim-jumper with
Shaunie Milo you looking a little way
against a merchandiser
Deibert honey like it I get you know
these are little babies are well she
said that you said this restaurant one
of our fear restaurants is
anything compared to that
but we have a boozy day we're doing
bujji's should today so I thought like
we should eat like a Fuji place but pack
I love Cheers I love myself these are my
favorite they're vegan we're going guys
we're going to a concert tonight I'm so
excited but first John taking me to get
my lips done because I didn't want to go
alone
so he's thinking about lips done and
then we're gonna go to the concert and
John's performing you should be
performing in this show I'm really you
would definitely fit in when I'm done
with rooster National is like then I
feel like you're not gonna want to kiss
me when I have my lips are they're
really swollen and poofy you're gonna be
like you know I don't wanna kiss hey
guys so now I have this numbing cream on
my my girl Kat I look so good I look
like I have lipstick on shopping if I
don't even I think I look like a little
kid in elementary school and I say Jim
and I'm the teacher and I say Trisha did
you get into the glue again and she'd be
like no I swear I did I don't wanna wait
she looks like she ate the glue that
tastes like mint I used to be I could
tell you why every time my blog which
talking literally turning like a cement
person like you look you're like a
normal sexy person and then you have to
you're fucking them oh thanks for coming
with me oh my god like someone came I
think you guys the weird part is okay
the weird part is literally I'm sitting
in your waiting on my phone and really
bored and she comes back to the bathroom
I think she gets hooked up from the
doctor get injected by Miss Kat you
already know from cosmetic hey Kat
you look so beautiful today so many
won't come
all right you didn't come to cat so you
want looks like Trish and she'll do them
right no she's so good yeah I was like
oh my god I live for her she's a fan
person never feel ever I can never feel
the injections
nothing you're the pain free Botox
injector she came in Trish
she's going out Trish ha ha hey get her
lips done I just got him filled when you
say what did you say before she did it
what did you say look at so you look so
you can see me and her you say before
she lips you what have you actually just
bloody all the time does naturally you
would still when I kiss him I would I
would suck the blood off your lip all
the things that a ball thanks for coming
with me
welcome thanks for inviting me to this
nice little Botox party there's cat
cosmetic air Kitty care okay but is
we're on a fucking road trip to the
fucking concert you look so look out
freaking amazing she looks pan down
I mean BAM no more lower it's damn good
oh my god beings we like me I'm good
we're going down so I've been playing Oh
town I need a degree than playing all
the songs I do I was like I was like I
was like I was like scared asked him I
literally took some my hey what do you
do Thursday and I was like they're right
everybody I don't wanna go he's like
what do you want to do and I was like I
want to go to this concert and now we're
going will you that's what we do shows
the most fashionable I've ever seen may
shine look I even tried to imagine I
look I didn't try to match with these
new these new old shoes I love that we
started we did a quick trip to Zara was
amazing and now we're driving he loves
the scenery like all this like ocean so
do you know why because we live in we
live in LA and if you guys don't know
Los Angeles good
and it's stressful
well and we live in Hollywood which is
like we're actually congested so when
you're in this area and you see the
water and it's like it's as peaceful
yeah it feels good because we need to
live in Hollywood we don't know I don't
know Holly what I look ugly to be next
to Sun I do you know that's why I assume
no you really hate me he hate she hates
me she really hates me I mean I kinda
love it because I never hear you ever
have a motion towards me George hates me
oh my god stop that's gonna be the final
this vlog shane McConkey you like what
you sing something up
tricky food you think that may feel
since i'm brittney way maybe laughs ago
okay you start going okay okay I can't
I'll be Britney you see didn't make them
um wait what's the Nexen you should know
when you were 12 years old 12 years old
anyways we are going to the concert are
you excited I am BAM excited I'm
actually we're gonna be right in the
front when we jump up without
fist-pumping that's with us Jerseyans do
be is
people are confused by that by the way
you say you're from Jersey but you go
home to Pennsylvania okay so I was born
I was born a poor white truck oh my god
yeah I was born a poor black child I was
born in like 20 minutes outside Philly
and then I lived there tall was 14 and
then I went to high school in South
Jersey so I'm like I'm perjures II
you're a fake I'm sure Jersey a
still seriously so the bottom line is
like throughout this whole situation and
you love me no Trish actually beats me
she does I know she does and she knows I
want to hang out with her so she does it
I did break up with him the second time
and I'm about to break up with him again
after tonight are you gonna do that
you're so rude even around right now
Shauna had to go get tickets and he
where do you get on because I am in high
heels and I'm wearing my pretty dress
which I really really like but he
probably knows
Street talking so much shit people only
talk shit when they're like looking like
they're fucking like Sarah bitches
that's why I wear what I wear I got this
cute little
leave a ton so lightweight doesn't hurt
my back over there drink but we're in
downtown so we parked right there like
princess parking like literally just
right there because we came straight for
my lip and points on the appointment but
yeah there's all down Thomas or a staple
center is at you see if I can find it
over
issues of the day are Valentina
one of them because I got lost for a
picture
that's so crazy we're now in the theater
you're getting along yeah I know so the
song
we feel like they're gonna think we came
ruined you guys I just want to tell you
that we're about to see a concert and
there's nobody here I really know what
anyways like look at that rose I mean
kind of a private show I mean I rented
out the theater for us
anyways in my two case you were excited
are you excited I'm so excited I'm
excited I'm excited our drink
cheers cheers Cheers what up
one really big
he's performing later you guys right
rare was on and we're like looking food
I honestly had no idea what was I felt
really great even though the song is
name authorities like
all the way now because I'm Simon talca
and Ozzy Osbourne says the guy who knows
every instinct the song and every back
wave a member of Shawnee bandura with
the make back today or dinner dinner
Libby Jews speaking Bobby today
I mean I think you choreography you guys
I can't help it anytime I see a live
show
I push a talent
about time and artistic director of a
choreographer so when I watch you know I
look at it a little bit
join the show with these moments from
life and then there's other moments on
life I wish they would hire me dream
higher stuck huge
in a backstreet of snack Street shall we
get you
I know
