you guys my new dance studio about
millennium dance complex which was like
the oh my gosh I'm so shiny am i
sweating I had put her on Sean loves to
sweat and he zero for just a second
this was like the place hey hair back
this is like the place back in the day
where like Britney and and sings like
always like rehearse but that close out
like a month ago the actual one it's
still like the same company but they
moved location so we're at the new
location because our um a favorite one I
was all booked up this day and I really
worked dance before a music video
because I'm like seven days out of my
music video and I need to dance so
already that's an ancient mama got my
shoes on I'm like dying I'm sorry
bathroom I'm looking for a curtain
present the door cuz like anyone can
like peek in but it's really cool and
there's like a seating area back there
like you know you guys won't come chill
watch me dance um if you do pop things
but this is cool
Bujji I feel like I'm on Dance Moms
swishes my shoes in this floor but kind
of living for it so that's what I'm
doing today we're dancing I like the way
look at your the eyelashes Oh a table to
sit you have the same time we're border
that first
you make an interesting go
so I was I'd pulled into this dance
studio you guys I know you're like who's
sitting on my lap caused a lot of
controversy I know I'm me as I literally
saw this girl walking down the street
and she had her thumb out and I was like
pick her up she's dressed like as mom
this is my baby my little baby it's time
for a feeding oh she is bigger even
though she did a little bit too much of
a tan and wait hey guys we have a
surprise for you cuz do you know what Oh
aren't you I ain't your mama wait can we
cuddle my mama ain't your mama can we
talk about how much I have a complaint
today it's actually been really
surprising the last vlog she complains
about you know like he doesn't like
Danielle but listen that is not that is
not how we hang out and that's not what
we do but you do that when you turn the
camera
can't ask them okay oh my god cats on
the fucking nose um hey look we're in a
new studio kissing keep it's kissing
someone else who are you kissing some
hooker in the hallway something person
in the whole world
I only want to every other guy that she
needs and now pisses me off but it's
alright now it does pisses me off it's
not very nice I'm sorry I really do love
him the better doesn't want to be
tickling me
oh my gosh she says it's with everybody
hey you guys can you guys leave messages
below please and tell her stop saying
that the song I know can I tell you
something oh we're gonna take a picture
with you let's say I love it
I like and I went look like a slut I
like making videos but it's really hard
for me because I'm so frickin
self-conscious
it's horrible if I had an ounce of
you're not giving a shit Ness if some of
you want to see a lot more me because I
know some of you don't
some you're like a lot with Trish so
Lauren cuz I need your mama yes you stop
acting like it
I am his mama and we're not my mama I
mean my little baby my wittle baby yeah
with the pink lipstick on we look good
like this I told mom you guys I did
something really really bad really
naughty and I kind of ashamed to admit
this but
I'm treating tonight um it's not that
the other guy in my life wasn't
satisfying my particular needs in this
category but I'm sorry but I found a new
pop that's Papa John's Pizza
sorry Domino's like I know you were my
ish back in the day but as your past
Papa John's after having to go print out
a bunch of shit and it just spoke to me
oh yes
Gotti yes I'm sorry Oh looks so good mmm
what's the perfect place you what son
mmm that would we go eat cheesy
so whoever says nothing tastes as good
as skinny feels
Oh Big Brother's on tonight
I don't have to go to teach in Malibu so
I meet Jean on him - and eating pizza
without him
sorry Shari well uh haha mmm we have
such a fun day tomorrow some and we just
beat someone trying to edit some videos
watch me brother and go to bed I was up
early to look crazy so yeah how long
here tomorrow the magic of editing Oh
pizza Papa John just show them so good I
love Domino's but Papa John's also very
root p.m. it's gonna be a night from you
this is midnight I'm sold so chocolate
soap I just love that boy so much ah
fucking wish you to control your fucking
emotions and feelings for someone it's
not healthy to love someone as much as I
love him but what are you gonna do
anyways I've had this shirt since I was
9 years old
literally my mom's always like I want
that shirt back sorry I got everyone in
our family Lib for this shirt it's like
our after we shower shirt I'm mad a
please didn't wash my hair and wash in
the morning but oh I go so jealous
hmm I actually got that and we machine I
never blog in my ever usually I'm you
know young but I want to say that taste
because that Peter chases my mouth right
now and it's so good and I cannot wait
to finish it you guys I don't eat this
all by myself everyone's always like you
eat so much I always always if you guys
watch my wool this is my volume channel
you guys know I always warm up Pizza
like when I come home late or if it's
like a late
I always have people to warm up that's
like my favorite thing in the world zone
focus but yes now it's gonna be a fun
exciting day I don't really love much
today
cuz once again I need that Dern that
darn car mount I did go to FedEx I
wasn't exciting and you guys were left
here anyways
although I was snapchatting so I'm sorry
longer sorry anyways I'm gonna go watch
Big Brother yeah I hope oh you know
who's up tonight for oh no it's it's
what is it is a butyl tape Polly or paw
and Viktor really kind of cool Corey
catfishes on in the background
anyways I'm gonna go guys don't tell
down rose i heated and don't know why
she didn't eat beets oh god i'm just
want to be cheated
yeah I've never cheated on anyone
actually that's the truth then I'll see
ya soon
hide Macaulay Culkin kiss he's fishies I
guess
