yeah in the recording studio
we just ordered some Jack and Jameson
and Jeremy my favorite three.js I'm
gonna make my drink over here we have
Chinese food earlier I'm excited for
people to hear the songs yeah but like
it's back and I want to keep doing it
sad bittersweet ending but we're gonna
but we're gonna be reunited
drunk
I really am vomit he's not this is like
a bad bad blog you have right vomit it's
not in there I haven't even started
drinking it but I feel drunk why I am
look at the bags in Am I oh god I'm
looking this way
light light hey but I know yeah we need
that on the positive side deliverance I
don't fucking iTunes yes my few
deliverance is out now he's only talking
about your EP is out and it's poppin'
call me call me
oh maybe where you just get it on iTunes
yeah auto-tune and reverb through a
phone call hey guys we are doing a
fitting for my next music video Showtime
and this dress is so beautiful oh my
goodness I might actually die we got
my film pipe fitting me being the master
fitter and you got me some awesome
jackets over there well show you guys a
little later but this is good I love
that I love to cut out of that it's so
hungry he knows how to dress my body
that's why I love him so gorgeous okay
so these are the other outfits he just
dropped off this is for a Romy and
Michele dance coming up this is actually
just mine the other two are coming and
then these are the raincoats which if
you guys like these we are actually
thinking about selling these like cuz I
know I know you guys always ask me where
I get my clothes and he used to mass
market and mass-produce clothing so he's
like we could make these available so if
guys are interested in like possibly if
I do a clothing line it's gonna be like
three pieces at a time because you know
we only want people he's one people I'm
on people but if you guys are into these
definitely let me know they're based off
of my shirt a raincoat they're just like
smaller sizes but it's a based off the
black one not smaller but you know
shorter but I live for those so yeah
that's the excitement for today getting
wardrobe around for the music video the
struggle is real I went to the post
offices now to pick up my Amazon package
and it didn't have my camera mount and
I'm so so sad oh I feel like so
disconnected from this channel cuz a lot
of it is carved logs which I love cuz I
love talking when I'm driving I have a
lot of my mind when I Drive and it just
sucks I'm on the verge of getting sick
because Sean was sick on Friday night
and he was sick all weekend I stayed
away from him all weekend except Friday
I don't know if he got me sick or just
been going around cuz I don't angel this
morning said he felt a little like he
could be getting sick so I'm trying to
take Zach an airborne emergency just a
bunch of things to prevent getting sick
my music video is like a week away I'm
just like kind of stressing about that
and yeah we actually supposed to do
something today but he's still a little
sick and I'm all sick putting together
at my house because one the cleaners are
there and two I just need I could change
the scenery I've been in my house for
like a hot minute this weekend I mean I
went out and recorded but like
I just need a little change of pace I'm
gonna go see my mom and my sister she's
not working um yeah I just picked a
package and certain thing wasn't inside
the package sucks so now I gotta go to
find accent see if a package is there
it's not the Amazon package but another
package because my life is trunk no
packages and I was complaining about
that but like literally every single day
I'm getting packages cuz I can't get
them delivered to my apartment this is
pissing me off like all these be a lot
of people are going straight there's
like a few people that pulled over but
these people are just going straight
they're not pulling over
I mean it's churning but literally
everyone is just going just call you out
there anyway and this guy is he can't
picture me I had a had an experienced
travel to the police station this
morning I gotta take a picture me but
I'm not gonna get into it on here
because it's I should have even gotten
into it on my snapchat it's just so
frustrating
police really can't do much to help you
like if you are having trouble or
someone is stalking you in real life
basically please can't do shit so my one
friend was an ex-police officer so in
his home state so he might come over and
just like give me some advice what to do
but please basically were just like well
you can move it's like yeah move the
fourth time and have this crazy person
find out again where I live like it's
annoying anyways I'm trying not to think
about it I'm trying to be calm
more than anything I've got a little
energy just I feel like I'm doing second
I'm trying my best to just be pumped
with like vitamins and that kind of
stuff but kept a little hairy and same
there's a lot to do for her music video
and I'm getting none of it done today
but it's okay I've heard best under
pressure under stress
if Lang get you guys some more vlogs cuz
I have enough been vlogging that much
it's not that I don't care about this
channel just have been doing all that
much and I don't know I feel like nobody
really likes his channel not because
it's like well maybe cuz boring but also
just see as I think there's staff chat
and you see that in real time so I think
people are kind of like oh it's out on
snap we don't watch your vlogs which I
get I think snapchat is killing the
vlogging star can I love snapchat so
could you know I could I think Joey
doesn't have snapchat because he blogs
so that makes sense so I could just
easily delete my snapchat so people
would have to watch the blogs but I like
both so I just tend to snapchat a little
more cuz it's a lot more convenient
means they're like you don't look at it
in post it's just automatic so having
said all that hopefully you guys like my
channel I'm gonna keep blogging but if
it's not daily you know then it's just
because I'm like always now chatting
Trish on YT and but I still want a blog
so I don't want to completely like just
book this channel you know what I mean
but I know if you have gone down and
stuff and maybe it's cousin boring I
don't know or I'm thinking more than
likely snapchat because I guess I'm
guilty about like people who vlog I'm
watching reserve shots so hopefully like
both cuz I feel like I talked a little
more on this channel and usually more
when I have a car thing but I'm a little
on edge today for other reasons like I
said I just don't want to talk about it
it's gonna go to FedEx and the beach
alright guys we are on Wilshire
Boulevard which is
this time parking I just think we so
long to I'm parking I had to wait and
once the hot for like 35 minutes sucks
but I don't mean it FedEx
and this is another awful place to
compass like the post office half the
time they have a package half the time
they don't after they have it these days
they don't have it hmm one of those days
I need to get the juice - I smell like a
robach juice
we are picking up my package hopefully
it's here fingers crossed
okay so I'm on the way to my mom's and
this is Rosecrans Avenue and a little
fun fact this is where I first met
Shannon Rose before she was like a
youtuber we met up here like four years
ago thought it was interesting I need a
psych ham and Kleenexes ASAP so I would
actually wrote to me and told me why
I've bags under my eyes and they said
it's a vitamin deficiency which makes
that so I'm gonna actually get some
vitamins as well because I feel like I'm
just getting a little worn down these
are so bad snapchat filters lie to you
so much like why can't they have
vlogging filters anyways yeah so that is
what the update is what was the update
oh that I have circles under my eyes now
oh that is good news I can't with so
many of you were talking about it I came
to my mom's just hurt you know the
Hangout and she surprised me with some
Mackin she's gonna make me her homemade
mac and cheese so excited step one right
here Velveeta is that the secret the
Velveeta cheese and the butter so if I
Vita butter noodles and a pot of boiling
water seven takes 10 minutes to make
great right into boil water
give this girlfriend look at her grocery
she bought this is amazing I need a
snapchat this is my mom that's Hat woman
because I had to carry that all up
though that I need a plasma a video me
lugging all that stuff she has so much
face looking for I love coming to my mom
my mom sounds like my grandma's weekend
that's true my my fans coming into town
refrigerator
my mom is fair oh well thanks
for the bird oh she's got drumstick ice
cream Oh YUM oh my gosh I'm so excited
hi pixy birdie you look so pretty today
you always look so pretty
I miss my little birdie
hi pixy can you dance oh there's no
music on for you you look so cute
you look so cute I love this bird you
buy it she's so gorgeous hmm next
crashes sleepy bird yeah pretty bird
love her all right now wait what are all
these why are these over here separately
so Jane the noodles and then she puts
you put all the butter put the butter
and the milk ins yeah we better turn
back you put the whole stick of cheese
in there oh no I also make him that's
however Tuesday I want it I just guess
she never have too much so mMmmm so
excited like if you just melt so I gotta
do is melt butter and cheese after you
boil noodles no no no milk vegan I'm
just kidding not vegan yeah this is
vegan cheese right and vegan butter and
we get to look what's in here apple
salad okay you it's ready chocolate
chicken something yes
oh no baby good Cinnabon delights I
would have had him mmm she's putting the
noodles in got my grapefruit juice over
here she put those noodles into the
cheese sauce I literally been watching
her make those cuz like I want to make
this at my house say to you oh this
looks so good so my favorite thing my
mom makes me so tell me it's too cheesy
cheesy Mac and shoes don't forget no
make up Monday's right here don't judge
it no make up money I'm not gonna make
up money so we're on them no make up
Monday's menu show I am someone who just
need my face to breathe once in a while
I know I'm saying mom
there she is making lookin so cute got
my grapefruit juice
you lookyou I said but you just spoke
without sheets no yellow polka dots
yellow white polka icky underwear first
in a picture now should I really keep
batter keep telling her she needs to
start youtubing because she got some
cute shit in this house mom you do this
is all done mac and cheese first bite I
haven't had this almost lots of you made
this like so on last time you haven't
made this is so oh my and this looks so
good I love it it's very buttery and
cheesy yeah how do you have my first
bite on camera guys let's try that jappa
noodle from something but honestly I
still hungry being cookie then you're
not vegan Wow
it was protein they have 1400 shelter
mm-hmm Guillem yummy so good thanks
mommy you love it this is so cute set up
out here fill it by the B it shows like
this like cute
outdoor eating you guys this is like so
bad I know just butter and cheese and
noodles but it's so so yummy ice it all
falls I get literally melts in your
mouth
my favorite thing about coming home it's
having a clean house time hunt you it's
so clean in here I love it
my house was crazy when I left but I
love the bedroom made about them maybe
bag always a lot to open my bedroom it's
so tired - I can't we just go to bed and
kind of myself tonight see yes
yeah clean bedroom oh my favorite part
seriously like how cozy did that bad
luck I just want to jump into it
I love these satin sheets carpeting is
clean right now I get ready for bed ah
mm I'm still kind of sick but yeah baby
all ready for bed and watching TV maybe
relax unwind
