guy is not gonna lie I mean this is kind
of hash tacticals it holy I totally like
jock the style from Kourtney Kardashian
but I'm like kind of obsessed the
sweatshirt I bought like super big cuz I
wanted to be addressed my feelings
almost like too big but love this whole
hooker look going on a little date night
tonight don't touch it guys my little
sex choker is from eBay purse once yeah
I just an unboxing on this shoes are
just from that like what is that called
um Bonanza or something and my Jesus
sweatshirt and there's got some diamond
earrings some diamond rings feelin fancy
so we're gonna go movie and dinner so
this is just a casual casual might help
matter fried mozzarella
Shaunie's like movie tickets movie date
look how cute you I keep it up on TV
show today so he loves text reply do
something let's find out guys like thank
God we can we say what it is are you not
gonna talk about it yet he's on a TV
show I'm like a major Network it's like
kind of everything wait we can talk
about it oh yeah oh yeah I don't know
everyone talk about it or not even say
it oh never let's wait I haven't seen
all her she's she's in a long time no
you were just on my blog Oh dancing like
a whore oh we are doing Friday night
date night this is very rare for us it's
movie night okay
it's date night everyone always says he
like never want to call it a date night
everyone come on you guys it's a date
many people have to talk so much shit
when they don't know don't show that you
love me I do love her I loved her she
loved attrition how can you not I just
choked on a little bit of cheese from
the mozzarella because you love me that
much
I was we're going to see you
Trish's favorite thing in the road in
the world everyone think I'll just show
no like you have to evens you're warming
that's not about me I tell you something
most people in this country most people
in this world it's light many people in
this world have got shit loads of STDs
would never talk about you got on cue
ain't interested just Trisha just you
know talk about everything you think
Shaunie he's go he's getting it now oh
look at the folks the rules he has
himself as a background on his phone I
just know day night I love you
everyone's like don't put the camera in
Shawn's face all the time yeah ain't
like you can use at the road
you bought the wrong ticket
it's date night with my pain escort it's
no money y'all are funny when she goes
to the movies she doesn't recover at my
face like you and then he took my hand
away yeah but what is wrong why do I
look like you know what hit in the face
yeah Trisha doesn't like the popcorn and
she and a bunch of stuff and I'm forcing
her doing here liar we just ate and
Shawn's the only one who's like let's
get food after we this age
you guys remember if we go never get
dinner and you go to the movies or if
you get all the shit the more shit along
with some other people's shoes that we
know you're my favorite in the whole
entire fucking this evening in life
people say don't put the camera
my favorite person look at this where's
our popcorn
Shawn secretly hates me
we hate over here maybe your help was
over here
