so I'm forming a try on haul for my main
channel for these swimsuits and this one
is like really sexy - I have the
Baywatch on but this one is so sexy you
guys this video on this channel is not
being sponsored like it was a sponsored
video but I am actually legit obsessed
with these swimsuits it's from Sammi
Jeff's calm like I said they're not
sponsoring this one but it's so freakin
cute which I thought I'd show you guys
I'm like never feeling myself so much
miss whim suit I love the way it's cut
out and then it hides the part that I
hate which is like this part right here
but it's still super duper sexy so I
thought a shade guys because I'm
obsessed and it's from Sammy Jess I'll
link the hall below so you can see
everything but yeah I had to show you
guys this was kind of okay so like how
cute are these wedges you guys guessed
um it's from the L lines but they're at
these like sneaker wedges that are so
stinking cute like look at those
crystals like oh so gorge I am like so
obsessed with these it's like trying on
all my new goodies I love it yeah you
guys can get these at the Alliance calm
and I can use my co-chairs you guys want
10% off I do
I used to buy all these for myself when
I use my own code buddy
okay I'm gonna model now I'm gonna model
my mace suspenders cool you got I know
he's like oh I don't know that there's
daddy you're on my blog now this is my
blogging channel yeah this is my blog I
know I was like you that message me I'm
like one time cuz he said Owen Begley
obsessed with you like you never send me
because I don't know that's why look
what daddy got me you have me these
suspenders there are these suspenders
what do they call the holsters oh
Pulstar suspenders they're so freakin
cool like the backbone is so awesome I
love them and I come in these bags these
are so cool like if you order them like
you come in these bags it's so cool I'm
upset so today I'm just like you know
playing dress-up in in the office in the
headquarters the daddy headquarters
max
daddy surprise people were like people
were generally confused I'm like what
you were who you were they're like what
the fuck where you come from this is
daddy no daddy I met on the street
but I know everybody out sorry I mean I
literally just met this guy on the
street and it's like probably so creepy
to meet someone off the street like that
like it's probably so dangerous really
especially creepy with this child
molester mustache going to do this all
the time for the rocket web browsers
like plays they're very different and
technically
right underneath your fancy shit shit
sucks it really does it Google this he
told me to explain the story a his story
I survived how you say it
priapism Prime isn't look it up Google I
was like a what until me agree is our
YouTube channel the first video you do
to be I sent this is you're talking
about your fuckin craziest story I've
ever heard in my life
story time it's amazing that was a good
problem to have I do reverse Viagra
these are like little hair oils and like
beard oils he sells and you can wear
this on your skin if you're guy it's so
cool they sell these like this you get a
comb cigar a little oil this one's an
aphrodisiac actually which is like a
really cool so cute and then this is the
packaging it comes in like if you guys
order from them you think the all
Shambhala goes like how cool and they
like do it themselves so cool because I
am exhausted and I look so greasy it's
hot I've been sitting in a warm car
because I'm gonna really crowd a parking
lot but I don't wanna leave because will
act like now but sucks up my little like
camera thing is not my car this help we
help lighting a little bit um so I'm
going to record I am so tired so I'm
gonna need to get a coffee and
and I'd egg also I'm sure Manette
comments about this on the blog because
I got home into comments about it on my
snapchat some would say here is this is
from honest Akoni I think it's how you
say her name from secona Jolie's um
jewelry line of astrology
she wears like I think it's like her
grandfather's or somebody's astrology
pendant so she made her own line and I
think they're so bored as I just got
them and I got them in all the three
different layers because I have three
different astrology science so I have my
Taurus which is my meantime I have my
Aquarius and then I have my cancer um so
yeah I really like I'm still wearing my
outfit from Daddy and yeah so now I'm
gonna go by China's car coming on people
were me waiting for I got my keychain
from daddy - there's that keychain I am
so that lot of things prequel it's kind
of happy that like I don't know it's
gonna ruin my ignition but anyways we're
off to the recording studio once again
and there's a car waiting cream I mean
that's gonna happen hmm
wanna move you that was beautiful sure
they're crazy I was not just a piece of
Maddie yeah I mean is that these and
money the crew I just wanna eat some
food yeah I will put sweet include right
postman making post in it remain and
post it for drinks but we're making him
posting and tune in once chicken I don't
want to change just kidding
you know her chicken I'm gonna get that
all chicken you know that's great ones
chicken not that we need order that cuz
ever hates it so compute expresses the
fucking bus or just gonna say let's do
Panda Express and then I wasn't sure if
and everyone would be like you're
fucking crazy it's panic sir what you
like yeah I supposed to oh let's do
Panda Express
are you sure I want to eat some in
Express okay are you cold I did no no I
love yeah yeah okay cuz we don't want
chicken Alice dr. fakers fuckin it's not
that's good but it's delivery boy that's
good that it's safe yeah cuz it's like
you know sometimes you go to change
places and it's like too real
la tÃªte no cappuccino I think this is
so cute having a little cappuccino at
Cafe Marlon with mr. K as Ella you look
beautiful in this light you look really
good
we've been just telling I love rose I
look hungover ask about today but what
happened lunch and what happened our
dessert and coffee it's like a movie my
god I always had a very coffee at movies
and cigarettes OS coxa awesome bricks
from Hollywood live let's catch up like
old times
yeah where's this meeting okay we have
very important meeting a very wet lips
we actually are kind of like being
creatively we also are meeting us
friends like When Harry Met Sally when
they don't see each other for few years
I go how about light without the Oregon
yeah oh okay I could do it I got caught
the theme this is bougie actually
yeah but she's getting a better mood
this is bigindoda yeah yeah so wait
vegan always be is better he's big into
so yeah
he's my guy might be inside yeah we got
salad we did we burned the blog vampire
okay
my god Stu where are we going next
Friday oh Christ I'm definitely gonna
blog that doesn't happen I'm going to be
pretty lot of like 50/50 on them okay
on what on that Friday
not good
oh no it's going to be like no one's
gonna be quiet Mukilteo there it's going
to be weird but making it pretty I'm
going lambs like we're going to the
fucking a rock star show of the century
that's another chance oh yeah
lame up I'm gonna have nope I'm a Black
Lotus Eric's I love that skirt so much
guys know the carrot hi my Black Lotus
grow up I wear a black mother called the
top and then like being my hair like
rocker everyone like we're going to fuck
a motley crew night a keyboard oh I'm
ready for the rock show is it I love you
guys nothing I love that I think that's
pretty dope
place we're going oh yeah that's all the
more reason to be over the top because
it's like it's for old people like where
we're going is like a place like 50 year
old to go watches 45
you guys will see I feel like right yeah
why not to be continued but it's a big
deal
that's a state down look at that yeah I
read from his cake but but I fill you in
on the adventures of trail continue we
ain't done no never done hello
