alright guys I have two eye creams from
Kiehl's this one is for nighttime this
one is for just youth for generations
I'm going to try this one actually first
cuz it is the morning I just wash my
face ow that hurt
um I've been having the worst bags under
my eyes
so I'm gonna take a q-tip I think and
we're going to just put this I don't
know how much you're supposed to apply
one take the other end step in here I'm
playing a lot I don't see how much eye
cream but I got some bags under these
old eyes huh I'm like you look 40 with
those bags and I know they've gotten
worse stress in my life is stressed
about everything it's always just always
been up my hands are clean so I'm going
to just Pat that in cuz I heard if you
like rub under your eyes like bad like
pulled at your skin
miss cutter here mom oh oh oh gosh I had
I can I go very dassault Oh rose
all right it feels like it's doing
something it's a little bit of a sting
which is not sting but it's you know it
feels like something is penetrating nate
in my badge so anyways I'm gonna be
trying to do this now I don't ever put
eye prints on like I used to and then I
would stop so I'm going to try and do
this for a good solid month you know see
if it work is an abdominal just ditch it
but that eye cream was literally like
$50 so it better work so as I had some
blurring stuff I should be getting in
the mail sometime soon to reduce redness
and just make your skin better longing
channel I feel like I've neglected you
my thing is stung this light oh this is
like Holy Light hello um this is like
spotlight I mean I kind of live um yeah
I feel like I'm lost not you because I
just had on traffic for like 500 hours
and I could have been vlogging my
frickin not doesn't work so I'm trying
to be safe and keep myself safe and save
on the road I have pajamas on today
because it has been quite a day pretty
lights go out now I looked Haggard and
pretty like come back oh there's my
light hey um I got me sushi pajamas on
today because well actually I did every
errands like a plaid dress and then I
felt pregnant and someone asked me if I
was pregnant and I was a subscriber I
was like I'm getting rid of this dress
before the set there's come ugly dresses
up I'd even vlog in it but whatever I
don't get me she went to me she's being
serious I think I don't know either way
not pregnant not preggers
um but yeah that's record I feel better
though craving some sushi I'll do here
on a hospital gown okay so we're about
to record my third song of my next EP
which has five songs is the third of the
fifth so after today we will be half of
the way done
whoa waiting for Jeremy to get his ass
here or cooking take it I love recording
I had a pretty shitty day but this is
gonna make it better so let's go is my
crew
there's my crew bout to record in my
pajamas I love you bye
come back okay yeah
yeah one of the guys who owes the studio
gave me his necklace he's Lebanese
but to sing some ad-libs on Showtime I
thought we were done with it but we're
not that's okay guys I'm excited we're
building it up as Jeremy says we're
gonna make it sound full he literally
ignoring me look at him and take it off
take it off
pajamas okay
the Camerata you follow all right crazy
Allen's and then poquito mas there's I'm
a baby hi me and Jerry hi me and Jeremy
anything that's a wrap on Showtime which
is actually only a second um the second
single are ii saw me
you
the dinner from poquito mas all them
sausage from Turkey Tamas we wanted
sauces a fucking sauces so y'all want
the sauce yeah nothing another hi lover
I'm not looking for the real thing or a
lover
I need a man who knows to keep it under
kappa is under cover of down alright
alright doesn't matter how so it's this
lover got it thing yeah I'm not looking
for the real thing all the leper
I'm not looking for the via thing
overlap er near man who knows to keep it
on together that's how I roll Thank You
Jeremy
thing
