so much talking and I'm like hey guys
okay so today we are filming a behind
the scenes of a Shane Dawson video I
have like a fans yeah your camera
doesn't want to recognize me as having a
baby hey guys amid midway through my
routine my morning routine boys you need
a new voice for me okay we'll give me
some words hey guys hey hey yeah that
was good hey hey hey guys yeah yeah
actually really good you actually look
like a queen right now you look like a
queen this is gonna be your new profile
pic that contour banks are doing makeup
where we're on a time schedule we did my
glam super fast yes to do we are doing
so much it basically what Shane is doing
today as me it takes me literally like
two months to do with my anxiety so this
is gonna be ambitious eats together I
cannot wait laughing like I love Shane
we hang out all the time but we have not
filmed together probably like properly
like since like 2014 no I'm really
excited cuz I wanted to do something
like this for a long time this is like
epic like something I felt like a TV
show that was like yeah no it honestly
does like win like it's a whole crew
like there's a producer a cam person
which is like people I know but like
also it's like it's so intense sound
like a camera there because it's like I
love it though cuz I always wanted a
rally started feels like four on a
reality show I love that good fun it's
fun I like watching you
process of like when I was like oh like
what are we gonna do today
oh yes so good and like but you didn't
plan it
yeah I felt like I was on a reality show
on hey no I I actually like Rihanna
reality shows like my ultimate dream
like I want my own like Anna Nicole show
or something like that so I was like
that would be cool I do feel awkward
though but it's like I guess this is you
but also like this whole style that
she's been doing for a while now I like
copied I've been like I have my
cameraman now I'm like you know what
reality's real sound here we go that's
good it makes it so much more TV well I
think it's cool because like people
watch YouTube more than they watch TV
now yeah so it's kind of cool that us
youtubers are trying to like step it up
a little bit yeah fully like a little
bits of feels more like you're this full
cuz like at the end of your video you'll
be like on the next episode like with
the kid series that you did I literally
was so involved with that I was like oh
my god I can't wait for it it's like so
smart so that's what we're doing today I
might have like a whole lot because
obviously it's a transformation but like
basically what the video RTB out so I'll
like link it below we're transforming
into each like or day in the life of
each other which I'm super because
you're gonna do a serious thing but I
was like I'm not that exciting actually
care enough to like be in their life
yeah or like I feel like cause you watch
my videos and I watch you I think I feel
like it's a just you know everything so
it's the easy as opposed to like someone
like I don't know
all around life she blogs you know
everything about her life or Rylan does
Riley can do it like branding it but
like I feel like me of her life isn't
that like your life is so crazy
different than you me I mean it's like
you're like Paris Hilton button
entertaining I was gonna say smarter but
that sounds yeah genius I don't know she
loved me we love Paris she likes all my
photos but then I found out not only her
liking it yes you have you guys anymore
do you from over chains yeah no my
18,000 views like over a jacket 10
million
I love when youtubers like this is
actually not even shade because like I'm
considered like a very small channel
some we're gonna shame but like it's
funny to me one like youtubers with like
literally eighty two you stick if you
guys know know Trisha Paytas like I'm I
visit the title sisters paid us they're
coming to you because they know who I am
obviously but it's like I just watched
last night was but it's not no shade I
was watching a bunch of what I got for
Christmas videos what guys are more
tuned with the shade are you thinking
about it
they're your Shane I told you nobody
ever gets mad at you can literally see
whatever you want trying to remember
exactly what because I remember like
putting in my head going oh I can't wait
to talk about this tomorrow at ranch but
I don't remember exactly what it was
really shy turn the camera off anyone
remember oh my god
do you love oh my god can you see oh my
god wait see what this can you see the
screen I literally hey guys
do you like me yes oh my god this is
crazy
you look so pretty in that camera thank
you wow you look really good okay so
what do I talk about just like my day
well what's your feeling I say I was
used to the ki so whatever you're
feeling hey guys be real that's lucky
okay
hey guys um so I just had my makeup done
and I feel like a fucking dead pig um
and I felt like the makeup artist didn't
know what to do I felt like he was
overwhelmed I felt like he was having a
panic attack because he was looking at
my face and he was thinking like where
did the fuck do I start um but he lied
and he was like you look hot so he left
um then I was trying on clothes and I
literally felt like you know when you're
trying to retake your sheet onto your
mattress like that sheet that has like
like the tight end but like you're on a
king bed and you have like a baby bed
sheet and you're fucking stretching and
you're fucking stretching so fucking
hard and then it's just like rips and
then you realize that you're just gonna
have to sleep on a mattress with nothing
on it that's my fucking life a mattress
with no sheet and it's itchy and there's
bedbugs honestly that's an iconic meme
right there because we're gonna quote
that in the comments below like that's
what they do they take a quo and that's
it that's your quo you already nailed it
I love being a meme queen you're gonna
be a meme claimant seriously I'm very
proud of you I am like I can't wait
you're me this is like so surreal I like
wanna cry because I do it you know why
if we took some shots or something I'm
sure crying cuz I feel really emotional
right now but I don't want to show it
because of a lot of things happen
right a lot of emotions in me today
already like there's hatred emotions
there's confusion emotion but then it's
like I'm with you and like I like love
this like I really missed like I thought
you know what I thought what he told me
you'd be originally gonna do this video
together as I thought like it was like
reconnecting some people from my past
night that I was like a past person that
you're the person I want to take her
skin off and wear it I love that so much
me too that's gonna be my that me on oh
my god this is everything do the people
McDonald's know you like are you like a
regular like dude are they just gonna
like know what I want no but you know
what they're gonna say I love your car
they're say you look beautiful like they
always tell me I look how pretty I am
okay so no pressure well hopefully they
tell you that am i nice to them or am i
rude because I just ok I'll be nice yeah
you're a nice person like hey yeah I
wasn't you gonna blow like hi so they
know it's like a highboy so they know
you're happy that you're not a bad mood
uh-huh that's a really important the
drive through is being was born
I've been a got it yeah all of them look
like I'm really nervous too about
because I just need to get the right
things so I feel like I need to like
write down what we need for yeah I'm
gonna crash the car because I can't stop
looking at myself because you won't hurt
yourself losers with the car like the
car in front of me
perfect dominoes hey don't
it's my McDonnell screech it is so crazy
it literally like wow like it's really
good and I literally look like a girl
yeah
you have great he did grin your makeup
like I know like you might be
subconscious or whatever but like the
eyebrows no I sweat it off that's why I
feel bad I feel like I fucked up his
makeup um okay so shame just practice
Rylan just I hear everything oh my gosh
am i an attrition skinny legend
I love Rylan and I'm a fan so I was like
very excited right now you know we said
to and we got my mom just and literally
I got so excited I was like a cloud over
there I think
yeah we're watching
yeah I think he definitely wasn't weak
yeah my music videos look like that he
does all he's great GZ like interesting
I like I'm a really boring dancer but
like he does it it's like a little cool
I think that was great that was a great
one I know that's good are you filming
up no oh you are yeah I just been
tapering no leave me empty yeah wait but
like what are you doing just pretending
so they know Oh got it
you should have been telling that one
that was really good that was like so
good yeah shoot you she came to watch
same as me
what do you think of it freaky I was so
good so we wrapped up at the dance so if
you guys want to see him do the full
dance video oh my god you like when you
mess up you would do it again and again
and if it wasn't perfect again and again
oh my god let me hear all night I was I
don't know I'm the same way I'm like
another half hour another half hour and
you did you kill and you did whele
Heineman you literally learn that like
in high - but Maya it was like good for
somebody who can't dance yours are good
no it was really good like I meant to
say that she was right Sumomo she wasn't
everything but she was something with
you
you went from seven out of ten tonight
n-no I was very that's everything yeah
oh yeah you did alright literally look
like me now it is busted okay so we're
cleaning up the move long way snatched
witnesses my Vegas snack
we just finished day in the life of
Trish and tomorrow and do daily life of
Shane so you guys will see this today it
goes up back as soon as I say she and
uploads that I'm putting this public so
I'll or you have this list of nut in for
you guys so go check out Shane's I'm so
happy to be a part of it was so much fun
this is Ben oh my god today's honestly
like not only has it been one of the
most fun like video shoot days but it's
been like challenging and also like I
was so proud of myself I never invited
myself but like learning to dance and
doing it kind of okay but you you're
good you know you're like a good
performer like I was like I don't why
i've ever tried to dance has ended in me
crying really having a fight with the
choreographer because they're like why
aren't you getting I'm really bad no you
were actually very good you picked up on
it so fast now I was like I was really
impressed you also were very like even
though you always hate yourself
conscience stuff like that likes to jump
on people and let people pick you up
like that that was a big thing I
couldn't get over until I met Sean I
remember now just like no one could pick
me up no one and you just did it it went
for like I would never have let anyone
pick me up before I met Sean I would be
like no no and you just like didn't care
like I was I think for me once I started
dating guys yeah that was such a big
weird role reversal for me because like
I was dating kind of like bigger guys in
the beginning yeah but I don't have a
tiger I don't care all date anybody yeah
knowing that like somebody could like
move me and pick me up and all that
stuff like she definitely made me feel a
little bit better now it's working fine
I think really I could imagine your
guys's like sex like being like kind of
rough rough what do you mean kind of
like oh like rock I thought you meant
like a bad rap hey family being rough
like not good like rap like yeah like
our normal closest lover really like as
if I would know so much yeah but not to
me so I would
you know this I'm like wait you how
would I know that you're that person I
would not know I didn't feel like that
especially I don't know that's the sense
day when I saw you two together I was
like they're gonna have some rough yeah
fucking is good wait what I just thought
about something that I should know
after we what happened okay if I can
take a picture for your page on if you
want to see possibly a ball probably
just a little ball skin head over to
Trish's patreon yes no how's everything
I mean you're gonna lose patrons like
people are actually non-subscriber no
I'm no people honestly this is gonna go
up like the pie what is this what I'm
like literally my picture I want up like
five high like Shannon your new career
showing the balls YouTube is not killing
him right now so kitchen here I come
Shane bobbing the Shane I knew five
years ago would have been like well we
just talked about of my move bomb check
it out we just talking about the
controversy of the nude photos so like
yeah I mean me five years ago me Oh true
you snatched by the way you still looks
now after oh all right so we're gonna go
do that and check out the patriotic want
to see you chains all skin whoa right
open spread the cheeks and we get maybe
even do one no okay I was gonna go we
could do one with like spreading each
other oh are you kidding me the amount
really yeah okay whatever purchase
alright guys thanks for watching check
out Shane's videos change thanks to have
is me what do you even call it you felt
so much today yeah well done like your
title if I don't have a copy of it I was
thinking like you know like girl
Oh want that friendship um usually
things like eyelid like Shane Dawson for
a day or whatever well this one's gonna
be weird cuz that's gonna be tomorrow I
don't know I just go with what hits me
maybe it'll be Shane Dawson
what's that see it here I mean I think
McDonald's oh yeah yeah you know me I'm
gonna milk all these video suck that
heat all right guys cuz these for my
little baby fishies yeah this is a blob
I never said you know your blobs always
ending like a weird doing ah just be
like that's that Bank fan ever since
vlogmas I even have said I film in the
morning go to everything all your balls
okay but go even watch everyone miss
once every vlog since long miss and I
say Oh guys I couldn't come last night
but I feel we're not doing an outro
since vlogmas so here everything I've
done after every single day ends and I
do the kidneys from with machines and on
patreon I say kiss you some right
squishies everything I wasn't right
subscribe
that's weird if I didn't know I actually
think that would be so normal for you I
feel like Shane is the one that
subscribes to everyone's patreon like
that's how I feel you know she canceled
me after two months on page without Loki
you I have a secret name like she
watches my nude snapchat like my nude
snapchat my patreons I feel like that
because I get you ah so I think I would
watch you're right you do okay battery's
dying open is there no one okay okay oh
my god oh great angle Church
oh my god oh my god what this is fucking
weird what we open yours this is so
weird
this is so weird yeah
yeah okay what look
mine is crazy thank you but you will do
well to expand your horizons a
partnership shall prove successful for
you
that's my god oh my god that's what this
is we just have a partnership you need
to keep that I might be better off
that's crazy that's really crazy
I just I was that's so weird no that's
really weird oh my god I love it yeah
keep it yeah hot guys guys
the other secret sexy cameraman he never
shows but I feel like he wasn't clapping
as part of the rap but we'll wrapped
privately with him
