Oh UI that is one of those days it's
just one of those days where I can't get
myself together at once again my nails
done well because I always try to
schedule like my nails and stuff like
what I'm gonna people come clean my
house I try and schedule something to
get out of the house cuz I don't like to
be there when they yeah that's so
awkward it's like saying I'm a lazy
fucking bitch and I'm literally doing
nothing but sitting here all you guys
clean at least having like got about a
busy business career woman I need people
to help me clean when in all actuality I
just actually don't know hardly I
actually don't know how to properly
clean like I I know how to Swiffer
floors I have like scrubbed my floors
before like those place all wipes
I don't know how properly clean I always
lived with my mom and my sister who
always clean for me and when I ever live
with boyfriends back in the day um say
update we always had like um cleaners as
well which I was always just for like
rich people but an action value memo
mister like we're gonna get cleaners too
because it is a lot more this is easier
it's like one less dress I would love to
find someone a Stacey Burke always helps
me up about this fluff and fold thing
we're like people will pick up your
laundry into it who are you because the
things that asked me at the most dishes
cleaning and laundry like you fucking
hate that shit and getting gas but
but you know it's just it's one less
like stress I look crazy today I have
like this
Star Wars shirt on I don't even like
Star Wars it's not even a cute Star Wars
shirt like I post me at a Star Wars
shirt and I had an intention of doing
this like Star Wars like video I has a
idea anyways never came to fruition it's
not going to because it's actually a
super cheap like the next day when I
woke up wasn't it late at night and the
next one oh fuck was like where was I
going with this so I have like a Star
Wars socks and I have a Star Wars
lunchbox and like backpack I look like a
big Star Wars me I'm even though I don't
even like the movie is I haven't even
honestly I have any onesie night like
ice I briefly washed a little bit on
Spike TV like a long time ago but that's
about it yeah I'm wondering when I was
done I really liked these nails oh my
gosh there's so many cool ride bikes in
LA at scares the SH out of me I'm like
literally so scary like why are they
writing my fashion that I mean this
crosswalk
let's go to bite people it's terrifying
and now there's another bright person
there's just there's people oh my gosh
oh my gosh
am i hitting somebody again anyways I'm
telling you my knee is like today has a
weird ick I look insane I wish I had
snapchat filters on my second vlog I
look crazy oh okay no and right at the
end great yeah there's always so much
construction going on over here
but yeah I think I'm gonna get the
chrome nails economy spray town like
it's coming up crazy I always on my
hands that I'm always like doing shit
with my hands like washing my hands and
doing the most advanced um but I see
those chrome wheels everywhere I really
want to get up but then think I'm gonna
be sick of home in like a couple weeks
which is actually okay cuz I'm shooting
the cover for my album in a couple weeks
which I'm gonna have to change anyway so
they're not gonna go at the concept of
it
the stresses I was just thinking I'm
with God I had an awful nightmare last
night the worst nightmare ever
it was so fucking real it was about my
mom and so ironically enough my mom like
never texts me in the morning because
she has really early for work so she's
like there just make sure she does I'm
like never up early but she doesn't mean
like 7:00 I was about her birthday
doesn't birthday sundae come on she's
like hey we don't do anywhere field see
like if you just want to come over
that's fine you know what I mean as I'm
gonna get dinner anyways out that was
not the point but she I love you and it
was such a good cuz the the nightmares
were it was awful I don't want to speak
it out loud it was just like the work I
mean you guys cannot obviously like
guess what would be the worst case
scenario and I just it felt so real and
it was so painful and I just it was the
worst it was the fucking worst most
realistic nightmare I've ever had in my
life and I just a fuckin was like waking
up shaky and like crying and I took my
phone and it was my mom and I was like
oh my god it was just a fucking dream
like oh my god like I was so relieved
because sometimes I wake up the next day
I'm like please tell me what happened
the day before was a dream and it's like
not so anyway it was so great to whom I
can work out and like it just like makes
you think like we have those realistic
dreams with like a clock that wasn't was
there was gonna be something else
it's literally just stuck
um yeah it was crazy I forgot what I was
gonna even say
totally forgot it wasn't me like
literally not about that at all
but oh she was talking about
I can't remember but um yeah I feel like
there's other things it's so weird
okay so obviously guys wouldn't know
because if I keep something from you
guys you're not gonna know right but
it's so weird to not share every aspect
of my life anymore I mean something I've
shared every single ass but a lot of it
and there's like really happy moments in
my life right now that I wish I was
sharing with you guys but because of not
because of commenters but I don't know
it's like a weird it's a weird thing
we're getting a mom so I asked my
apartment complex
it was actually for the cleaning people
they're on a list to come in on him it's
like not a big deal but they're on a
list to come in all the time I'm like
can they come handle addition he wants
to always enter my apartment you know
please let me ask that it's like keeps
keeps it safe but also and they're like
we have packages in office you want us
to read him like half birthday oh so I
put up a package today a fucking bad
acts
really
really movies I live
I actually I like love my apartment hey
cute like building anyways like I'm
seeing there's like people might like
that bring me so much happiness and I'm
just like scared of Lockett because of
people being judgmental and it's really
not the majority but it's like you get
those negative that negativity on any
relationship you have and it's just it
it does affect that relate it's awful
because it's like I don't care what
people say about me or anything I really
don't it's just like when people get in
like no I mean judge a relationship
between two people and I'm just talking
about any sort of relationship like I
said rich of a relationship romantic
whatever it's just like it does put
things in your head or at least mine and
it's just it's it just sucks to not be
able to do anything and I fucking love
sharing everything with you guys so
sometimes when I get really happy cuz I
talk to somebody or saw somebody I
really wish you guys experience I have a
lot of those were like you seem great
and you bounce back really quick and
it's like yeah and there is a reason for
that and it's like I can't oh my god
it's like the struggle because I fucking
love YouTube more than anything I love
filming I love documenting my life like
I actually love logging I really do and
I love even my main channel videos
because it's documenting a point my life
like I like documenting your life so I
like to look back on it I look back on
old logs all the time and I'm like it
seems like a different lifetime it
doesn't seem like my life it's just it's
just you know it's it's nice but it is
nice because I gotta watch I'm thinking
like a Halloween itinerant team
I watch that the other day from was it I
think was like two years ago yeah
definitely two years ago um and just
like I know exactly where my thoughts
were at the time I know exactly I knew I
was really happy but that I thought you
know that was an you know how her words
like I thought we were really good and
we were in a good place and we had just
you know we hadn't we're saying I love
you to each other and it was just like
good place and in the video I mean this
wasn't it wasn't uh obviously a
coincidence but in the video I put in
watching hostile - which was a movie he
was him like when I watched hostile -
scary movie toes like his part and I
just remember like it took me back to
that time where I was just like a giddy
girl to see him and I did love watching
that movie because it made me giddy cuz
it was it was when my favorite movies
and like at that time or just oh even
before I met him it was one of my
favorite movie so - it's always so giddy
and it's like ah you know this class is
about an island a little mess but it's
just like I guess the point of it all it
is like cool to go back in time and
relive moments and I wish I just I wish
I could you know I just I just know all
the comments would be terrible again and
so you don't want to subtract myself to
that I don't want to sacrifice my
personal life but like I said my
personal life for me I get it super
personal there's people who bring up its
me sit on Shane's podcast like a year or
two ago where like I said I'd make up
some of my life and I did for a minute
there when I first started this channel
I really thought I was still boring and
I did make up some shit it was actually
like two like two or three blobs where I
was like I'm going to it was something I
wouldn't do something I'm going to see
somebody and I wasn't gonna say anyone
like and so people bring that up and I
get I get like why I fucking don't trust
anything that's bitch-ass and I totally
get it but at the same time like I am a
real fucking human being I mean I have a
real life like a fucking do real shit so
it's like I get it so I'm not
complaining about that but it's like I
guess the thing they're not even playing
imperio but the thing is is like
I really wish like I don't know you guys
I'm just hot mess okay I don't know um
yeah but anyways these losses are mighty
the glasses they always keep these in my
car I have a pair of prescription
glasses I always give my car to get into
Beverly Hills where I got my nails done
and II love Beverly Hills there's
something really cushy about this area
I mean it's pretentious a spa quick good
so anyways I will um this car was
speeding through that yellow light I
will talk to you guys soon and hopefully
I have some ChromeOS next time you see
me who knows these are the chrome nails
it's pink chrome with a pink base
underneath they are so pretty if you see
them in the lamp focus
well I'm obsessed
and I got them on my toes thank you
thank you you guys alright so I walked
out of nail bar Beauty lounge and I ran
into some Sal around Brook in Ireland
right
I only I'm gonna remember the names and
they're like do you are you walking like
yeah that much I knew that you you came
here alone yeah I always miss you I was
either always - yeah I always stop by
your guy is my little tripod things fell
off my car I'm so sad and it totally
sucks because I love vlogging in my car
and that thing I'm sent to ordered on
Amazon it's like a sticky thing and the
thing basically stops ticking it's like
my backseat anyways
except for another name and so but I had
something so important to say so upset
let's hide these bags I got keels lotion
for that at home went right out tonight
stay tuned um those girls were so sweet
and I have so much to say about them and
I wish you would just like fit somewhere
see but then you're like staring into
Putin's
hey guys um those girls were so sweet
freakin Ireland amazing down the room
walked with me to my car I'm driving
again hold on this is the one time I
like want red light um tell her I'm
walking to my car because the girls cars
with the other way and she'd like
actually lived in the areas and she was
walking with me that way and she shared
it like a really like a lot of personal
things about her life and um the story
of you know chantrelle high school for
medical reasons and she was so sweet and
so upbeat and so kind and so nice and so
positive she had so much warmth when she
was telling me her story and when she
was relating to a video I did and I just
it meant I thought it meant so much to
me she was so open I I didn't think I
think you're for sharing her story
because it puts things in perspective
for me it's like you know I'm not saying
you should have a compare promise to
other people's because we all have our
problems but like when you have
something like when you don't have your
health or like you know something's
hindering you from living your life to
the fullest like health wise you know
you really have to be appreciative of
those things and I sometimes forget she
was still up being so sweet and so kind
and I think you're sharing her story and
so you're very open with us I thought
I'd be open with you and I just I loved
her and one thing you guys may not
understand about me are you may
understand I feel like the understood is
I think we're all so excited meet me so
I couldn't we didn't really get you know
cancer I was just you know delve into
personal stories all the time but I just
as excited to meet you girls like I
really when I saw them standing out
there and I got really excited like I
get really excited um i snapchatted was
I don't think you saw him I thought no
you didn't I'll see you like I'm never
afraid if I stay in the snapshot I'm
gonna fit in this girl Bianca - oh she
was so gorgeous I was like staring her
and the nail salon she's from Toronto
and she was so gorgeous and like the
blonde had like cute clothes everything
I just like staring at her she's go hi
trash knows like oh my god calls me and
I get like I got so excited like she
came back from bathroom
Louie Kent and I think I picture like I
was like I like live for you guys like
you guys are ten times cooler than
Oliver be 10 times more stylish y'all
are younger than Oliver me again and I
like I do live vicariously through you
guys so what does you guys like watch me
and like me go excited maybe know that I
get really excited meet guys like I
actually really do it's like it's such a
cool experience I mean it'll never ever
get old to me ever I guarantee you I
promise you'll never get old because you
everything I've always wanted in life
and it's cool to meet people who get me
so anyways there's that see you the next
stoplight okay guys what I'm doing right
now is I'm actually tracking down this
FedEx package I have the driver cell
phone number he called me I'm actually
going to try and meet this a FedEx
driver I'm a frickin coroner it sounds
shady but I'm gonna do it cuz I need
this package and it's a really expensive
package and you guys never believe
what's in the package come on out and
get over-queen bag I returned I fuckin
want the large ones i pre-ordered it
Bucky I think such a fuckin idiot she
does always keep a so I'm gonna track it
down now so he literally gave me the
intersection he's on and the chances of
me like tracking him down we can put
like one for this I'm doing an eye cream
tonight we're gonna see this works these
bags are fucking ridiculous um so I'm
gonna track him down I softly I still
have to go to FedEx and get this other
package but this one is way more
expensive cuz I has a fucking Alexandra
Queen backing hit
I am gladion just like fuckin leave it
at my door or like in my apartment
complex because that would have been
fuckin sketch someone could have broken
into it guys and I'm so mad my feet bro
I'm so mad about it I'm so mad about it
so annoyed
my nails are cute and I met really cool
subscribers and I'm hopefully gonna go
get my package package shows oh my god
they're the bed expert I'm where we
following every fad like shock I see you
wish me luck
