hey is me mom's birthday I tried British
all the sudden - mums birthday got my
bracelet song about lighting waiting at
CVS somebody max monkeys the sliding
sucks but
I don't know what you're going to be
seeing in the swamp just be forewarned
as we once were they so I'm the command
wanna vlog this people were learn things
you see are just what they are and not
to be questioned out to be like oh my
god drama like I don't want Java how am
i I'm vlogging I just
I'm tired hi shit that fucking makes me
happy and I've been doing it on this
lock deal I don't like it and at the end
of the day people are going to fucking
talk shit no matter what so might as
well fucking be happy and do what I want
and I want to vlog and I want to vlog
with people I love because you don't
know what's gonna be here like you don't
know what life is gonna bring to you and
some
walking today and along with me boy love
and that's all that matters and
Lighting's up but we're wearing all way
Saida first day I surprise I have a
surprise like thank Ramon my shoulder
we're going dinner I shouldn't know
we're shouldn't know how we're getting
there you guys are gonna come along in
the church you really do matter here -
not took the extensions out I want you
like this you cut the hair me happy
birthday mom it's your birthday remember
you a pretty pretty girl hey you I guess
be you look go down Here I am I got it I
was hired oh my god
and there's a balloon these are from
Shawn it's a girl we're oh that's also
you look so cute and now we're all
having alright Cheers sorry wait toes so
I suppose someone tells okay tell us
okay
happy birthday to the sexiest mothers
yes any more question okay
and tonight what if you meet you maybe
yeah
birthday - that a birthday I already
cheers very clear stuff is 85 quality
live you this is very rich extremely
Marvel decade enough where you can cut
up the spoon without it maybe really yes
yes in a few times
eight ounces 125 12 ounces 185 lobsters
alarm last three three and a half and
four pounds are built on a lion blue
design Australian blue nose that square
couple girls of some of the togarashi
with water back together
47 looking right side item risotto
Bianco risottos cooked with white wine
fresh black truffles greasy scallops
then we go to tonight 455 and in the top
of mistakes
a truffle butter and thank you oh my
gosh anybody the lobsters split down the
middle crab cocktail the middle kappa
thanks hi now is orchid here shrimp all
the way around well your oysters as well
also you do have your cocktail Fork with
each one of these lemons oh yeah yeah I
will give a little extra water tap water
my water bottle water you see that I
wanna be get a girl give a baby my mom
was that be because I'm sherry
we got our lobster we share together
good birthday we're all over visiting my
mom and Shaun is the reason
happy birthday here mom
Oh happy
you look beautiful you're only 40 okay
we're obviously the most sober of the
chicken but we'll be a gamble me and
baby we're the most Elbert sister and
mother are not doing very well right
yeah we're trying to keep them together
clearly it's been a rough night look at
we look we look we look we just want to
live our lives we just want to live our
pipes
I'm tired of room restarting
you
