hey guys I'm gonna ready to go dance so
always before my dance days I make
myself some hashbrowns which I think are
vegan I don't know you guys always tell
me when I think something's beginning
you're like I'm at a vegan and I'm like
oops okay normally does have like
through say come on crab something like
come to my crib no ladies have fruit for
breakfast like I'm not dancing but
because dancing although moring a tight
shirt so I punched her dress fish pie
eat fruit but anyways um my makeup girl
Bria brought me over this vegan ice
cream because she's vegan too and she's
like lost 40 pounds on a vegan diet
it's cashew milk non-dairy frozen
dessert salted caramel cluster from so
delicious and it wasn't so delicious I
had a bite of it this morning it was so
good because I'd know I love ice cream
like I still have like non vegan ice
cream in there but it hasn't been
touched so don't worry um but it's
really really good I thought I'd share
with y'all but yeah anyway it's gonna go
dance
I'm so excited with these Fiji bottles -
I know I snapchat I don't think I've
logged him they fit in your car - holder
news 700 milliliters sizes and he's
amazing
so that's one reading to do I'm gonna go
dance with crisp who within my shoot a
video he wasn't the main guy but he was
one of the answers in Russian video we
bonded and connected so quickly he came
my birthday and everything I love him so
much and we're dancing to make me bad
Britney hair of course bye Angela I'm
gonna make up with Jay was Brielle so
yeah gonna eat on jet oh my gosh I'm
getting to Britney Spears today guys I'm
so excited um we are in route I am
obsessed with long weave I won't make
full fuckin me back oh I fucking love
having long hair all the time I really
really do like I want to have my short
hair my oh so easy short hair literally
still fucking easy but like I love the
way I feel along here I know I'm fucking
a superficial bitch now on iTunes
literally a song written for me will buy
me yeah but like no Sears it's like my
anthem fat chicks and superficial but
like a little fucking anthems and daddy
is she
fucking anthems of my life okay I'm like
I'm fucking crack right now um personal
angel found this in my closet like who
knew I just had a random fucking Britney
dress sitting in my closet
it looks so fucking small on the hanger
it's why why I've never worn it cuz I'm
like scared always try it on but he
picked it out in my closet like it has a
zipper in the back I feel like it's so
fucking small and I always do this I buy
clothes that are like a Miss shouting I
Luke Gilliam shouting in my own fucking
car was to be shouting at you guys um I
know I feel like I've always by clothes
like smaller because I'm like oh when I
lose 30 pounds I don't fit me I've done
this my whole life like it's literally
the stupidest fucking thing why do
people do it but like when I know I'm
gonna wear something right away I do buy
it and like my true size like I will be
like oh wow I'll probably wear that for
like a date but I like lose 30 pounds
before that date so you know learned buy
it like two sizes smaller which I feel
like it's what I did with this dress but
it actually fits pretty good it is to my
stomach I know a million and bajillion
people are gonna be like oh my god she's
pregnant it's like people love it I'm
not trying to be mean but is she
pregnant like if I was pregnant I was
how you okay people should know that's
like the number one thing you don't
fucking discuss ever until someone tells
you they're fucking pregnant whether I'm
fucking nine months and showing like you
don't ask me what they're pregnant you
don't I mean like I feel like someone
feel like not to be mean but like I know
they're trying to be mean obviously but
to put that in front of it it's like oh
like if you think I'm fucking stupid
I'm trying to find aside me don't buck
gun condescend me now fucking kill you
man with Moyes Ephrem I'd set about in
the main channel video not too long ago
I'm sorry I'm really hyper I every time
I go dance I feel really I really wish I
could dance every single day of my life
like I feel like I would be the happiest
fucking person it releases so many good
endorphins in me and that's why I like
to do it like I know who are like you're
not good you suck your fat stuff like
it's really not I mean it is my skies
and it is about like performing so I
love all that but it's really not about
that for me for me it's like releases
these endorphins which I guess comes
with like movement and sweating and
being around energies I love that kind
of stuff cuz I'm a homebody I'm a
homebody and my spray tianhe their
spring anyways
that's why I'm drink say I'm going to go
dance and weird anything to make me
fucking yeah I usually give like people
I dance with like options like if it's
not wrong cuz I just don't like this
song were dancing to because you know
I'm just do anything you don't mean like
well what do anything you know I mean um
so with these with new or not newer like
I know Chris Christmas guy dancing with
today I know him um what do you know
just people you don't know as well
you're not as comfortable with um or
just don't know like their personality
types or something look I'd like to get
some options especially against I was
like you don't other dance styles but
she cuz they have to like come up with
it like every person I partner wife like
comes up with the choreography to which
not every dancer is a choreographer so
some of these guys are just dancers and
don't really choreograph for like living
there's like choreographers who just
choreograph for a living and then there
are dancers who just dance for a living
in yeah there's people who can do both
you know like Sean and doesn't like
people in general but it's a challenge
and like the answer was tell me it's all
the time like I don't really choreograph
like Joe for my shoot a video he's like
I don't normally choreograph I've like
never choreographed a music video before
you know to me so I'm like really glad
he was he did like step up and do it and
like definitely did an amazing job but
like not everyone can choreograph so
they're always amazing and like they we
literally have two hours to learn
rehearse and film and so like the fact
that they can just like hold us out of
their fucking butts is amazing I'm like
I don't on all day if I can do it but
for me it gets me naked or friends like
even going there I get really happy
afterwards I feel fucking like so good I
don't know what it is I guess cuz
anybody's like moving and I just feel
like I'm doing something positive for my
body and mind and just I don't know it's
a good it's just a release I can't
really explain it I don't feel like
everyone it's like some people love to
go to the gym and they're like I feel so
amazing after the chip I'm not that
fuckin person we wanna do feel fuckin
amazing after like I've never felt
looking amazing I go and afterwards like
fuck I hate this like I don't want to
come back like you know so it's not for
everyone but for me dancing brings out
this like energy in me that I just
really fuckin love and like I said I
wish I could do it every fucking day cuz
I I would it's just finding someone who
puts a dance every day with me because I
wouldn't mind dancing alone I just
definitely need someone to help me show
me the moves and I vibe off someone
better like when I'm dancing with a
partner like I just I feel there's more
energy I try and push myself more
there's something to it rather than just
me like going out my going solo dancing
which would also be awful because that
means I have to choreograph myself and
I'm fucking it would not be good I would
not be good so we'll see how this dance
goes today I'm super excited and yeah
that's what we're doing really give you
guys a quick little tip here little live
photoshopping 101 everyone's eyes i
photoshopped my pictures I don't I'm
gonna show you guys you cannot float
atop a video I'm going to show you guys
how I fucking do it ready okay so yes
this mirror in my bathroom right okay
right I'm if I can't pitch like this
it's gonna be a picture so I'd like to
show my thighs to show I'm wearing
shorts and you know you see more of my
outfit so I stand on my toes now I can't
just stand on my toes like this with
them together because you have to use
this wall for balance okay if you see
them a little bit apart your balance is
better so that's my stand for a picture
by Instagram you're seeing a lot more
but usually I'm standing like this for
Instagram so my thighs I love it apart
because maybe are a little bit apart
ways like this it's harder it really is
harder to balance for a picture as
opposed to your feet like this and you
guys a little bit apart it's a little
easier you see what I'm saying it's
easier to balance so it's not Photoshop
okay fucking and I have a losing weight
like Bob can like up anyone does I ever
give anyone credit for anything like I
have been fucking dancing my ass off I
haven't trying to you know do this whole
cooking vegan shit like you know anyways
I mean lovely bathroom this is the
shower after my hundredth when you're in
sixth and I went to this once I'm going
upstairs because this was like easier to
like rinse off or just like literally
throw my bikini there's in like three
days with bikinis still there Gold's Gym
as you know pretending like I workout
but I don't have my toilet which I never
use this toilet only guests use this
toilet but if you should always needs if
you come to my house and to show us
sneakers like have maids come like once
a week so anyways I thought I want to
show you guys because everyone fucking
is like you Photoshop so much about let
me write I'm like literally standing
anyways okay I know you guys don't care
I just I tell you
