you guys if you are ever feeling and
down about yourself or you're having a
bad day
go get your eyebrows waxed like honestly
freshly waxed eyebrows oh my goodness
make me feel like an amazing Queen of
the Universe like everything about fresh
eyebrows just is amazing and I feel
amazing
and I wasn't feeling amazing this
morning but because I went on my
eyebrows done I feel amazing
so I feel I can conquer the world today
and I am in a good mood today so I'm
gonna go buy a new car today cuz you
know that's what people do when they're
in a good mood or when they're in a
miserable depression which is also me
I'm both it's crazy
I'm miserably depressed and I am
SuperDuper happy so that's my life but
these eyebrows though oh my gosh you
guys I know need Botox and I always have
like the spray tan but like yes yes I
mean I really do feel like Brittany
Brittany's video make me came out today
oh my god I just beat Britney Spears
like I know people call me a Britney
wannabe I am a Britney wannabe for life
like I don't even care I don't even I
love the comparison I love the
compliment of being a Britney wannabe
like even if Amina is in saw or like a
knockoff Britney a second-rate Britney a
gross pretty like I'll take any form of
me and Brittany in the same sentence
like I love it so much than I love
Britney and I know there was like an
original video concept I guess that got
scrapped for me I haven't seen it I
don't feel like anyone's actually seen
it they're just saying I would have been
so good but I feel like no one saw it
okay so with the new make me video like
originally like not gonna lie I was like
like the first like minute and a half of
a video it's like okay this is like kind
of slow this is like where's my bread
where's my Burt you know to me but as
soon as she start taking that dancer and
taking him in the back and like just you
know going at it with him I'm like this
is the Britney that gives me chills
as I was like the sex part it's just
like you know Britney makes me feel some
sort of way like when I watch her videos
I get like chills or tingles I have like
a since
datian that like you know I don't have
like you know on a daily basis and it's
like it's it's all her videos have made
me feel like that well not all but like
a majority of them um like I would say
like you know 90% of her videos like
make me feel something and make me as
kind of emmalin on the world the owner
well she's beautiful of course in her
body fucking banging you like banging
like what the heck is her body right but
um but then like the end like I said it
was giving me those like chills like I
just smile like I just had a stupid
smile my face watching it the whole time
anyways I need some more traps to my
lips get so dry if you get lip
injections the only thing your lips get
a lot drier
and you just kind of gone with that so
this is my favorite this and that Marc
Jacobs I gotta get another market funds
from swore I never order online before I
go in but I really go to mold anymore
these days some be like a lived at the
mall my mom and my sister always like
the mall so I used to always go with
them to like get out of the house but
well person but anyways um yeah I
actually don't know for sure if I'm
gonna go buy a car girl look at this car
that I think is so beautiful and I've
been like thinking about it for a while
I'm gonna keep this car cuz this is my
oh my god they're like the struggle of I
have a rose quartz necklace to open me
up to some love um
the struggle of getting this car like
especially like the color I wanted is I
would never ever part with it I love it
so much so like don't think like oh my
god you literally just thought your car
painted and everything I know I'm gonna
keep the car but I miss I do miss like a
sports car like I do I love like a
little sports car also this is a big
distraction this car I love it I do and
I do love the attention I do but
sometimes like obviously like anybody
like who loves attention that you don't
want it all the time like you don't I
mean and it's not even from like people
who watch my videos I think that's cool
like if they see my videos like oh my
gosh I saw your car like you know I mean
that's cool it's more like the people
would like either like don't watch my
videos you don't know like William or
whatever are then they can see like the
snide remark or even if the you know if
they do love it you know it's just a lot
like every every day I Drive people are
seeing pictures of the car it's like
it's okay like I get that like oh my god
I would do the same thing yourself big
fucking pink car like that's not like
telling them like a issue to me it's
just more of like you don't I guess you
don't understand it's kinda like I feel
like how you'd be like if your favorites
like rice beers like I've to me on the
coming out that'd be so fucking amazing
but like I feel I couldn't understand it
like in those shoes to feel like what
that's actually like
and if not to comparing my car to that
but it's like one of those things well
like I knew in my car we like it like oh
it's a cool car whatever but like the
amount of attention it gets on a daily
basis like not because again not because
people like no I do YouTube or anything
that or like know even who I am but like
just the car itself and that gets a lot
of hate to like there's always like just
fucking haters like it's so weird to me
there's like making fun of the car and
like why you know I've told the stories
before on the vlog so you only mean and
just like haters and so it's like okay
and at the same time I do I would like
to get like another card to be not like
discrete I don't mean oh my golly nobody
look at me but it's like you know maybe
just a car that's a more norm color and
stuff just like cruise around and she'll
and just like not be so solemn look at
me I don't wanna be seen you know I mean
like I don't know I guess at cuz I did
really didn't think the big thing no I
did think the big thing really
anyway I really wanted a p-card always
wanted a pink car um well like I said I
didn't think it through and the terms of
like how much you would get stopped and
how often it would be photographed and
um all that stuff like that like it's
it's you know it's fine it's fine it's
just like you know what I mean and it's
like I'm not even complaining it's just
like one of those things where cycle I
like every day you go out you know we
were gonna like stop and stare and and
if you in a bad mood and oh hey you know
like that like if someone could have
like the scene like no never meet you
but someone could just be like yelling
just be yelling and sometimes just a
little like yelling for me no but I just
went to the post office and actually met
three of you guys which is crazy I
thought we were all together it was
really cool actually like I felt like so
cool I got like oh my god these people
like the slopes I think it felt like a
meet-up like almost like this is why
people have meetup because it feels
amazing to have like all this lovely one
person came in Tamagotchi like a brand
she's I jumped out of a car
got her name shook girl she was so nice
to shoots from the Bay Area she was with
her brother girl I don't know I just
mapped out oh I can't think of her name
the other girl name was me I'm pretty
sure name was me but I can't think of
her name sure she told me did she tell
him I was amazed like I said the post
office and I was like literally pushing
out a cart full of like 30 boxes and I
was like trying to get them in my car
before people stole them so like I was
like oh like I like I love talking to
people I won't talk to you but I got
with these packages in my cars I'm like
doing that in my heels I'm like watches
on today anyways um so no it was like
really really cool but like I never had
like three different people like from
different you know like come up and so I
was really really cool cuz I'm that girl
all together but no no no were separate
as like oh this is awesome that like so
many people recognized my heart in that
way
I like that like the car brings us
together the fish fan you know what I
mean like I do like that that's cool
and it was really cool today I was like
feeling like I said I felt like so cool
cuz I was kind of like feeling down
myself this morning
for whatever reason again it wasn't like
a specific thing triggered my my sadness
this morning and that sadness just like
I was just down with myself like I was
really being a part of myself for just
so many reasons maybe it's his hair I
don't know but I don't know it was a
weird sleep I slept on the other side of
my bed um which maybe was an issue I
don't know I don't know but anyways umm
so yeah I'm gonna go look at some cars
today just because like I don't know
life life I get bored and I'm like let
me go go buy a car I know it sounds
crazy and it is crazy and honestly oh my
eyelids are so oily sorry guys honestly
hey I'm a crazy bitch like don't live
your life like me III I think like
people like me vlogs as I am like a
crazy fucking bitch and like I do things
that are so fucking stupid um but at the
same time like it makes me happy and I
love my life the way I want to that's
not really in my life the way I want to
live
I'm tired of boomers starting I'm sick
of being followed why I love that song
which I came up with a song that's a
great song actually um anyways uh yeah
Leslie lemon circuitry tons of it okay I
am going to focus on where I'm going
because once again I'm going to downtown
LA because it has the blue color I want
Beverly Hills had one and it just sold
this last week so I'm like I don't know
so I'm kind of like one of those who are
unexpected deals ahead you could say for
that it's by taking self Ramon to have a
do instead
I would probably want to general
expected every 4 minutes by taking
self-involved Avenue instead in one
point four miles turn right onto North
Lamont Avenue yeah it's a Friday and I'm
going to downtown LA at like 3 o'clock
at like I said I'm just in a mood
I'm just in a mood and I'm like this is
the feeling when it feels right you go
buy a car and the feeling feels right my
name is glass tower Museum this is out
cute romper I got at Diane's in
Manhattan Beach a store my mom and I
always go into is so freaking cute that
store I love it and yeah Neels are
coming off a little bit but life things
are going really great though like
YouTube wise singing wise career like
things are going great for me in that
aspect and so I'm gonna that'll be
appreciative and thankful for that and
dancing and all that stuff so blessed
hashtag blast hashtag love hashtag team
Internet I love you guys um and we'll
see what the adventure at the Adu brings
and I am using my new another shots come
up yeah my new coach bagg which does not
go with the topic since no summary but I
love how big this big as it is extremely
having a package the brim it's literally
a Mary Poppins bag and I love it it was
with me right about
alright guy am
we are going to the movies women help I
think I got stood up today totally fine
that's how I feel right now
right hi I did a hunter lair challenges
today I feel really accomplished and
productive so I'm taking myself to a
movie
literally every time I'm taking my
cellphone on a date and I'm getting a
little anxiety about it a Nana also got
the new Harry Potter book item what a
sudden for a me date I need more of
these often just because someone doesn't
want to go out with me I mean I can make
my own damn self out in one of the most
common places in Los Angeles
I was feeling productive today and I
felt like I deserved a treat and when I
go see lights out which is a scary movie
and away by myself I just happened to be
back from starting and we were going to
go see that anyways and as I addressed
and showered so
get there so many I wish my could Davis
sellout no one wanted to see that with
me
so excited to eat some popcorn I don't
know if the butters vegan who probably
think it's fake anyways
to pretend like I'm with someone else
hello hey did I wake you
nope just said the hotel we're about to
have some breakfast listen I get why
you're going oh my gosh was someone
who's the scariest movie ever I could
learn to walk out those like actually
scared of all like the jumps
Joleen is still kinda layout and I gotta
get my Harry Potter book but it was Gary
it was really dumb like it was stupid
and everyone was like laughing but it
was gonna shit on me
and powerfully scared but I want to go
get some crayons our journal and Harry
Potter book at Barnes Noble to pee
really bad to smell so scary I wanted to
see how it ended
there
so these are some of the books I am
getting I'm getting my crayons and
sketchbook on Amazon so I can find
something I liked but I put some more
books very potter down there
they'll do a full halt then want so many
books in so long I'm getting all of
these oh my gosh why is I'm the
definition of homeless I just realized I
have to leave for the post office
because it's going to close in an hour
and 15 minutes I have to leave like in
15 minutes with my laundry's done I just
realized this is still staying I just
did 100 layers of Kylie lip kit
challenge it's not challenge it's like
the hundred layers thing and like it's
so stained and so crazy and I just
realize I have to go out shirt
church-based at Spreadshirt at all um no
I didn't wrap up yesterday's vlog so
that I'd wrap it up here because really
tonight I'm just getting like a spray
tan and that's pretty much it so and I'm
like doing laundry and stuff so it's
like so boring but I've had to UM wrap
up last night's vlog and um know what I
was gonna say I have something to
conclude that vlog and I can't remember
something along the lines of being taken
advantage of I don't know I can't
remember what I was gonna close I had a
good closing for you all - I look like
the Joker right now it's so crazy
I'm having some Lacroix my lips oh my
god you guys like it looks like you got
sucked up lips seriously pyramid what
the hell is wrong with those um
movie was good but I feel like I said
that when I came out movie was good it
was kind of dumb there was something
crazy out I met this awesome lady with
her family woman it was a girl but she
was a woman she had her kids with her
her son and her husband some at the
Grove and they're like come over to that
leg like my mom and his wife like
they're like she's it's her birthday and
she wants to meet you but we're walking
and we're walking and it's getting I'm
kicking empty and I really thought
they're gonna come like murder me like I
thought someone was like walk because I
was like a long walk from where we were
and I was like I've been leading me
somewhere but it's the Grove and I was
like crowded but anyways I don't know
what that had anything to do with it
there wasn't something I'm sure I'm
gonna re-watch my hair looks crazy sorry
I know I don't know what to do with it
I'm sure and I rewatched those blogs
when I edit it and I'm gonna be like oh
that's what I wanted to say that's not
what I wanted to say there was something
wrong oh my hand I guess it doesn't
matter I guess um yeah it was about
being stood up now wasn't a cut either I
don't know all I know is my lips look
fucked up this looks like I just got him
like injected but even worse because oh
my gosh my spray tan ladies look like
what the fuck I decide to go to the post
office and this and this
do you see um yeah remember Holly Culkin
hello just chilling back there I guess I
was it I guess I just want to wrap up
the vlog and um yeah well to be
continued but I love you guys so much
and if there's anything exciting
happening tonight I don't blog it but
there probably won't be so we got post
office I went up with the packages until
tomorrow so we'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog I love you guys so much and thank
you for watching and here with kissies
hi Dan mcLaughlin
and here my kid sees my little baby
she's with the fucked up lips hi guys
