it's good okay this is halo so I'll
insert the snapchat chainé chainé
tried my favorite thing t haba I have
the snapchats all insurance now yes
I'll insert those um we know you guys
love dogs he watch me blows right did
the snaps bother you and he's like boom
so I trust Shane Shane was having with
things bother me let's go at always do
okay yeah by the way any notes up is not
paying me and I'm very angry about it
cuz I've been obsessed with this forever
and then they reach out to me and I was
just like oh my god this is like the
perfect sponsor has respond for me
they're like yeah I'm like well what's
your rig what's like what's the rate
yeah
and they were like free ice cream I'm
like no that's a dollars girl give me
Monty what are you talking about you
want me to make a video value and you're
not gonna pay me you're doing it and you
pay for your a double screwed in yeah
I'm not gonna go guys fuck I'm not only
280 calories the whole point is birthday
cake for him really and this is not me
and though right it's okay I'm fine I'm
fine I holy me be good it's not me good
you're in this prize it's good if you
like birthday cake flavors hmmmmm
they're sprinkles in it oh my gosh he's
like batter and he's like it tastes like
a cake batter right like I'm gonna taste
healthy no that's amazing that's amazing
it's so fucking good I have a chocolate
one in there I haven't tried it yet but
my friend try it and said it's not good
but let's try oh my gosh it is actually
amazing I love this this is what your
birthday
oh oh wait why I got it was wide yeah
bad maybe a trade it gets worse I talked
about number one by the way grandma is
even say that number one to why in a row
well plate when's this going at the
finest yeah
number one human know what have been
updated oh I'm sorry hold on Ike's have
been updated cut to me going to your
vlog channel today
because all I need is because of my
heartache and then I think I should pick
up anyways what they're really all
heartache hey this is everything and
that should be your headaches perfect
hate is getting out marnik hey it is
that's everything that's your book okay
write your book you got red book that
and I have it here we're trying this on
camera before I feel like we should put
this on a tripod
goodbye tripod you're kidding I know I
was like what are these pills you guys
will never know because you're on top of
them okay so this is a good angle Oh
hear me not chancing oh my god what
something scary happened just now yeah
we can talk about this mystery if you
have you good stretch which does happen
to a story time you're the queen and
this is the story time story time almost
murder in chains house like not kidding
nothing and you even scared we both were
buying yeah okay guys imagine what would
you do so first of all I've like been on
like paranoid lately about getting
murdered um and I have a gun something
trying and security by the way has
security guy like it came the ocean is
cutie but um we're sitting here eating
dinner and I'm just like yeah it's like
so scary I want to follow a bit murdered
and then we just feel like like this
place lling and then it get closer
closer closer it's at my door and she
fucking we put bolt out of the madness
table I mind the wall he's going to the
door to lock I realized the doors unlock
and I'm fucking like fucking what's your
name from the strangers lid Tyler bitch
I just like bull shrews get that door
lock and then I'm just like oh it's like
it's Adam from up the series having up
classic horror movie you know it I knew
the guy yeah he did he said I recognized
him from the email but anyway but it
wasn't it like the blinds everything's
been scaring me in so many ways now
trying to eat ice cream so if you guys
like chocolate let's try this together
this is often that your plastic screen
everyone yelled me for eating with
plastic utensils I will never do dishes
in my life yeah same
why's this one Oh cuz it's rocky road
what is this this is just chocolate I
like you mm-hmm I like it a lot actually
okay I don't hate it the texture is not
as good
it's not as creamy as birthday cake I
didn't have my ice cream in now really
that one better this one teach - poyo
was your another fan of true
I don't like bro you helping us we
figured it out oh my god and fucking
eyes this is a girls night have you ever
seen girls want to have fun they like
the ice cream with home hi no but that
sounds like fucking us that's us right
now we're eating ice I've never done
this before - eating ice cream yes I
ever believed love it that's good
actually mmmm mmm oh my god guys who are
you waiting for a big brother
oh yeah we need a wife at one point over
did you record on you reported her is
know what I have Apple TV that was the
point of messing around I've been
brother night well see point of it yeah
a lot of people the books were just like
who you read French first of all this is
how it would happen if this is not
making fun but it kinda is it'd be like
you know like The Crying the crying that
you saved my life
and I might as they're going to turn
around and toy break and be like who are
you saying oh my I was a fast change
from like sad tears like Big Brother
talk could I get it and then I don't I
just don't care this season I don't like
any of them so I'm just like ah via they
give an answer well one kid I was just
like I don't really like any of them and
he was so sad he's sick you like a Emily
I'm sad too I don't know a favorite like
it was Frank Judy with the booty but now
he's off so he's gone yeah but we like
Michelle cuz she talked about us on the
life easy do you remember that we don't
like a minute of boring but happy
no offence she knows she's boring she is
boring and what she likes it no like
just I pay tens and she's friends with
okay she's for this Xin Dawson my campus
I was like this is everything and James
had no idea we were you before the
conversation I like James yeah but he
doesn't know who we are James is fine
whatever you don't even know we
it's a house in Seattle relationship
with what's-her-face yeah that's cute
was like not real really she's a target
Oh Mia I think she is usually I like the
girl who didn't grow up pretty and she
doesn't know she's really pretty so
she's like dumpling and I think she goes
for like thicker like kind of nerdy guys
Oh engine this week James is sweet like
I think James not like attracted to
James but I you know if I had to fuck
any of them you really Jimmy James I
don't know cuz I'm not attracted to like
muscular buff any of that Sam and all
those other guys just seemed super gay
what about Holly
he's a buff one foreigner Paul the beard
with all the ten screws I'm sorry no
iris make me uncomfortable
and no offense so long bearded people
because I mean hair in my food grosses
me out and like there's always hair in
their food like I don't look beards was
always hair in their food I know what
kuipers girl but I know you would like
this is one officer he was baking out
bunch like he's making muffins and
cupcakes everybody like that beat you in
the house just like trying seems pretty
like shit into the cupcakes and yeah
he's pretty big lots of stuff in it okay
if you had a fuck one of the girls on
Big Brother who you girls
oh god that's hard oh god it's hard it
would - oh god they're all bad they
really are maybe they is he pretty bad I
was gonna say yeah she she seems like
she but she seems like she will never
get off the dick dick is mine is mine I
bet you're like I came like three hours
ago she's like literally like I don't
know it's like throw her off in trouble
what do you mean I jerked off this
morning I only want five five minutes of
Big Brother this one because I have not
much time but I jerked off during it and
I came I wasn't thinking about I was
jerking off and it was on and I came at
the point where Michelle the one that we
kinda think is born yeah
so I came to her crying which is kind of
everything until you like the crime you
don't necessarily like her you just like
people crying how do you do
you like serially outside people like my
video to be crying I don't know
