this morning everyone to feed about a
vitamin not morning it's like afternoon
1 o'clock kind of morning for me um it's
my first outing of the day leaving the
house so it feels like morning I have
iced tea I feel good I have a good mind
and meditated this morning my crystals
were freshly cleansed by the new moon
last night have the crystals with me
well I have a left laughter de
labradorite labradorite labradorite with
me I'm a book bag I'm not gonna carry
that everywhere with me that's like my
new adventure crystals that I need so I
need a new adventure and yeah I'm really
in a rose quartz with me all the time of
course my purse um I have my vegan
breakfast and I feeling I'm feeling good
I'm feeling I am feeling good and you
know last night was a little tough I did
a vlog I've even blog but I should say
the snaps for Africa I ended up going
out to dinner with angel and it was him
it was and then after dinner my this guy
who designs my outfits like he designs
like oh my whenever I go out to events
or something I always get like special
themed outfits me for me because I just
love dressing in themed it's like me a
little splurge well anyways when we were
gonna go we were just we going to Vegas
today when we're gonna go to Vegas about
stupid a broke-ass bum just like you
know share my feelings he does
you know we had certain outfits for
certain shows design and um yeah I mean
we're not going so and all these amazing
amazing outfits partner outfits couple
outfits and no partner or half of a
couple so it sucks and like I could go
of course wear the outfits on my own but
because they were part of a couple
outfit like you know II think it just
cost us like sounds like I have been
with so many people and never once is a
guy ever wanted to match him with me
much less like dress up and being with
me you know to me and like was hard
enough to get someone to wear like a tie
to match me you know and so anyways it
just sucks I don't know why I bring that
up was I was feeling good okay I'm
feeling good with all that lipstick that
came off in there I am feeling good it's
like it's definitely too important to
acknowledge like what you're feeling you
know I mean feel it I'm action with joy
yesterday and like it was good to feel
like just letting things out and just
talking it like not that I needed I
didn't want advice I didn't necessarily
want to talk about it but at the same
time it was good to talk about it
because it's good to allow your emotions
otherwise you're holding something in
you can feel it the other person people
you're around feel it and so it was it
was good to just release like now I'm
good
it was sad it was I snapped rather than
some of the outfits and
it was just sad it was just I was just
no because it was supposed to be like a
really exciting happy whenever I get off
it's brought to me after they've been
custom-made for me to my liking to my
style to my body I get so excited for
the day because I let loose on this
moving anyway anyways I am going to be
going to dance today I'm going to be
going to be on say I'm going to dance am
going to dance right now and we're
dancing experience boys and I'm really
excited for the cracker for today his
name is Mike Sela stylist I see Austin I
actually um it's not someone just blind
that I've been off like Instagram I
actually had a huge dancer in my day and
I feel like my lips are coming up in my
little less conversation up
a Christian and I was pursued my
eyebrows waxed and I didn't think
yesterday but anyways um yeah he lost
conversation video and I was super
honored he's super busy and talented
dancer he's dancing with Mariah right
now in Vegas he's very amazing and we
just always kept in touch she's always
kept following me which is really cool
cuz sometimes you meet people mimic stop
following me or whatever he have really
great energy he was the one for sure
that I thought was like definitely the
most positive and happy and just I think
he's ridiculously talented so I'm so
excited we've talked about this before
but he's like I said he's a really
really busy he's like always dancing
like he's gonna current active dancer
and I'm really really excited as he and
I'm nervous because dancing with new
people distinguish Sean obviously he I'm
so comfortable with him and if I do
something stupid or I can't do something
like I know it's gonna it's not gonna
whatever influir is it's you know I'm
fuckin comfortable with him but I do
have anxiety sometimes if I can't get
something perfect or you know we mess up
so many times when we actually have to
go perform it for the camera and you
know it's just I don't know what I like
to mess up in front of people but he has
he is so nice from what I remember I
literally haven't seen him since April
of 2015 so it's been quite at some time
like something kept up on Instagram and
stuff with each other so thank God for
social medias though um
yeah we'll see how it goes I hope I
don't get too frustrated I've always
been able to finish filming a dance and
but it's been close to a couple times
where which is like we can't get it we
can't get it like we're done but usually
I can get close it's just like if my own
my own brain doesn't stand in my way
because I overthink things and I get
nervous then
blah blah but anyway it's ah but yeah
that's the update for today and then I'm
gonna go hang out with Shan Shan Shan uh
it's the worst because there's so
different people and like when someone
has clothes names it's really I know so
many I'm at I met I met two Shane's in
the past like six months so it's like
Shan Shan Shan Shan there's so many
there's so many there's another dancer
named Shawn that I know there's just
it's a lot yeah so I'm gonna go hang out
shoot after and I brought my computer
cuz I want to upload my dance so usually
I get my dancer chance right after my
dances usually unless I'm her keyway
videographer like usually if he has to
go somewhere then I don't but usually he
can upload them for me right - when we
brought my computer hopes I can upload
it because it did not blow today and
actually haven't uploaded I didn't
upload yesterday mm-hm so it's gonna be
two full days I'm not uploading which I
really don't like to do mostly awesome
for me because I like to do you don't
get tweets about what the video of the
day was in your comments and also like
that like I really like so that's
already jus it just looks old belly
obviously I can't go there vegan um no
I'm not trying to be hard for some I
just did a vegan update so here's we'll
see that my main channel play
I'm still not past that point I'm not
grading a people Oh trust me you won't
be craving chicken like after a while of
the guys and uh exciting weekend coming
up I think do I know was that just a lie
no I know I'm going out Saturday cherry
but at home they're just totally lied
but thinks I'm wearing triangles to my
mom and my sister again that was a
really good like family time I feel like
I really like I feel refreshed you know
after being on my family so alright one
man went missing which was the dance
machine for Vegas that made it was a
sign
