alright guys I'm really trying to take
this big in thing seriously don't kill
me if I mess up in a couple days but
this is what I have for records
basically like all these cantaloupe
sizes and actually your Jose I got some
vegetable fried rice I went online with
their vegan options and then as a
vegetable fried rice and watch people
and veg Heidi's chicken less crispy
tenders a lot of you guys were talking
about this is I love my chicken tenders
so I'm going to try this for my lunch
that a little later you have this for
dinner
pistol' shopping we are back at
spellbound sky and they have all these
amazing crystals this one I thought was
really interesting I didn't hide
pronounce it but it's labradorite that
one we'd love where we're going to have
spells with that one right that one he
said he could magic acceleration
self-discovery and intuition that's like
where you like protect yourself from
demonic evils and like and we were like
oh and he said he casts spells and I'm
like Jose I've got to learn Castle do
you think it's like google it I feel let
me check like out oh my god I feel like
we should cast oh you want to because
like we're all magical kiss nails
because here there's something about
Joey that's always been a little witchy
Oh
literally
amazing oh my god UI is I'm not just
saying this
oh my gosh
Joey doesn't to look at the equipment
but this is my spirit animal
his name's torture torture oh I've never
uh quit I've never connected with a
thing more in my life I feel like he he
gets me I feel his soul I feel like he's
a little bit of a lonely heart but he
has a lot of love to give
as do i and I just I just thought he was
some precious and sweet and I'm like
this is my hello Oh scared me I thought
oh my god that there was a ghost my guy
thought something was knocking in with
him there kind of said hello I need an
answer
oh my god anyways I was telling them
about torture Oh
Totoro Totoro yeah Totoro and know I
thought that I said I've never felt more
of a connection with anything in my
entire life because I just feel that
soul is lonely it wants to be loved it
has a lot of love to give but it doesn't
it doesn't have that love back like I
feel I feel like oh just let you look
you it this is a good advertisement for
cold or something yeah right colorful
not gonna psyche haha like not anything
yeah guys are always colorful and you
look like an ad now in the room didn't
feel like Pottery Barn like back to
school and it's like I have my purple
hair and sneakers yeah yeah I need a
love him more I feel like he was alone
in this room I got should be on your bed
so he loved the part of the family but
he looks cute in the background of
videos oh that where you put him yeah he
is more than just a prop oh my doing is
for him I love him
we are coming vide I watched the anime
what is it called Totoro My Neighbor
Totoro oh he's a star yeah well not
really but most notable character from
the show
why do you have him I mean the movie um
cuz I like grew up watching the anime
and I love him
really yeah this is the best thing
you've ever bonded over I never felt
every connection until I saw this video
watch it together a reaction to Touro
like an hour and a half long we're gonna
react to it right now that actually we
should actually do that though that
would be fun
well like not begin video but like react
to okay my life okay as friends
yeah we're doing um we're doing what are
we doing on your channel the whole place
of kids makeup I'm like oh I'm not want
to do that but I'm excited cuz I know
it's like popular and then we're doing
story time on my but I don't know what I
have an idea
whatever going I'll see you here are you
gonna surprise me okay yeah I don't know
we'll see if you're down yeah look at
you literally look I go back to school
at right now I love it
you look at a model you should be a
model oh my god not only hate that
really yeah
he's not model life is not for me I'm up
to a um like a modeling agency once and
I like have these crappy like photos
that are like profile picture photos um
and I like show up there and like
showing them on my iPad and they're like
so how tall are you and I was like oh
I'm like 511 6 foot and they're like oh
really so they like brought me into the
other room against this wall with like
this measuring tape on it and they're
like oh sorry sweetie you're 510 oh I
don't take anyone that sure oh my god
like oh okay you were high shamed yeah
so that last yeah
first and last oh my god the story time
video right there mm-hmm I was my turned
down by modeling showing my feet wears
long you're really good at this I'm
really not that's amazing that's crazy
so you were turned out to be a model be
looking level up but guess what bitch
what I am the face of Nordstrom's
anniversary so how did you get that you
can you jus against everything I'm just
telling him this he has everything going
on his billboard was by my fucking house
for like literally months all I felt was
lb face
divert I left my house was like no I
kind of live work that's not like a
Weimaraner no more though you know what
I mean but no I just think you do so
much you're kind of reading oh my God
he's everything he's always saying I was
like hey I know I got you go bad for my
charity of the month I'm sealing him if
you do not love either of us enough ha
ha ha sorry the Toro
