oh my gosh this is the best care package
ever I treated glam glow saying I like
need this in my life it's limited
edition to Sonic the Hedgehog is that
blue facemask
everyone's been using and they sent me
this but they also sent me this is the
same one that you can actually purchase
um and they also sent me this one which
is the youth mud and I'm so excited I
love lamb wet glow I brought bot oh my
gosh can shop I have bought their bot I
have button
what um their masks before but I haven't
tried these two I tried the green one
out the one on the green and I loved it
so much I'm super excited to try that
because I just want the blue on my face
I think it looks so cool there's little
clay I'm go khlo packaging umm but yeah
this is the firming treatment mask which
is basically that and then the youth mud
which I've used like heard so much about
so I am so set try these out and I'm
actually getting a makeup lesson today
by ash came home who is oh she's here
now she does my makeup um and she's give
me listen and I'm super excited so and
this is the after she just did this full
lesson how did she do it's pretty
amazing she did what that you did like
this so I did one top of the face and I
walked Tricia through it step-by-step
and she did the other half it I love
this face you'd a really good I mean I
took notes and everything so I finally
learned how to wear makeup guys I know
these actually literally all secret you
guys literally no other makeup artists
want to share their secrets and she did
me it's very lovely I'm just I don't
know I love her so much I love this
crowd I want her to be able to do her
makeup when she's traveling and she
can't take me with her I know it's Gina
and she this is actually we were to
saying like this was just a tutorial but
ended up being like a full-on like
minimal and I literally did everything
step by step and she's so many good
notes it looks so good I feel like I
keep telling me can you do some sort of
tutorial if it's eyebrows or something
cuz like the eyebrows though the
eyebrows though amazing you did kill her
it's amazing so much it love you look
good
Wow
because my hair what side should my hair
be on should be on the side that gives
it more volume like this or should be on
the side that like it falls too
naturally like this part of me likes the
volume when like I feel like if it
doesn't stay cool and it's kind of crazy
but I like the feeling of it like I like
that it's like watched over um anyways
it's not gonna stay I don't have long
one thing it's like long enough to stay
over this way I think it's gonna cool
down like that quaff um anyways today
was such an exciting day lots of emotion
lots of drama lots of happy endings lots
of unsure endings um was a day it was a
day um and Shaun is sick and we had a
little bit of a tip last night's what I
mean we feel good that he was sick and I
know when I apologize just cuz he was it
but I feel like end up all this anyways
then we were cool but then we're like
are we cool and uh was drama there and
then my friend which I could say now Joe
drama um it's not really drama but you
know I'll just say he won't care he
almighty fuckin don't care Santa is my
friend and I say that and I don't say
that lightly um I like someone I feel
that I've always connected to and
related to miss Sanders um way back when
way back when I had less than five
hundred thousand way back when he had
like five hundred like you know I've
always kind of connected and related to
him in a way so when I was seeing tweets
sub tweets about me and then someone
asked if he was still family and
subscribe and he said no I was like ooh
what happened what did I do and anyways
it didn't being this point in telling
you the story I ended up being this
whole
not only was it a miscommunication there
was things that was drawing in his own
head that wasn't true and I just had to
put it like all the rest yeah I hadn't
seen it until today so that's why I
called and squash it which support love
story we both talked about this it's
like sometimes it is easier just to call
and talk through a situation because I'm
the same way I will let things broke my
head and I'll make up my own scenarios
and then once I talk to the person and
get on him I'm like oh I was that was
just not even we I was just way off on
the understanding of it all and then
it's just squash and things feel so much
lighter on your chest and lighter on you
and so I'm really am I really am glad we
talked because sometimes they see tweets
or some people's like just don't like me
anymore that I thought we were cool with
online or whatever and okay whatever
like people's opinions are people's
opinions of you they're allowed to
change their opinions and feelings about
you but it just maybe hurt my heart a
little more because it was Sanders who I
do consider and I just consider a friend
I feel like even worse than that we had
a two-hour conversation on the phone and
um I didn't eating Saturday's my lips
are like pulling off they're kind of dry
um but likes a struggle and I actually
opened up to him brought a lot of
personal things which I don't know
people wrong people so I don't know I
like I do love him and like I trust him
enough with information um yeah I just
buy a set a meeting show I just want to
be happy in this world I don't like to
be the cause of someone's pain or her um
so I try my best not to I try my best
not to and at the end of the day can't
please everyone you know so anyways I am
going to record the title song of my
next EP I did sand my eating chefs I'm
sure you've already seen it which is
going to be called Showtime and it's
actually a ballad which is kind of weird
to call your album or your EP after a
ballad because those are not usually
like the power hits in fact the power
hit one I think I recorded on Friday
accident blog comes a little bit
emotional that day too but this one is
like a ballad but it's you wouldn't
think that should be the title and I
didn't even know I originally I'm the
Queen had one I'm with the title my
album to be and I should make it
something like ever ironic like why
won't I the noose if I had a really good
name kind of like in the vein of like
Olympus skits like hot dog water
chocolate factory or whatever like
chocolate starfish and the hot dog water
Factory or something like you know that
something so random like I kind of
wanted something like ironic these songs
are are speaking to me and Jeremy you
guys have seen in the vlogs
um wrote them for me he's up
so talented and just us it's so funny
it's so funny how much he's got to know
me so we talk and we get along great in
person but I think his true form of
communication and feelings and
understanding of me comes through these
songs he has written for me which are
media and he gets me and he can just put
what I say and what I feel and what I
vent to about him and such a beautiful
words and this whole time of inventing
doom not really knowing how much he's
listening and how much he's catching on
to Who I am and what I feel and he's
just capturing these feelings and
emotions so beautifully and so
poetically which I feel a lot of my
other songs lacked a lot of my songs
I've always considered in the vein of
like Lonely Island if you guys don't
that is like any Sandburg it's like fake
ban that was also in pop star where it's
a lot of like fuck me like you fucked
bin Laden and um I'm on a bow dick in a
box like not gay if it's in a threeway
like those are hot comedic songs I just
had sex and I always like not saying
paint songs out like that brilliant but
I'm saying like I always consider myself
in that same vein as in like comedy
music you know it's supposed to be funny
and like causing a scene and attention
and stuff like that where these are more
true to feelings which may not be a hit
because it's scary because I'm not a
singer you know I'm not a I'm not a
Nadal I'm not a Christina I know and
it's so to sing about emotions and
feelings
feels amazing cuz it's getting it off my
chest at the same time I don't know if
my voice is going to hinder that or hurt
it in the long run but we'll see it
hopefully guys will like it something so
different in such a risk I love Jeremy
more than anything he's so freaking
talented and so I'm like anyone is going
to help me transition my music it's
going to be him and we'll see if you
guys like it I am I am ecstatic about it
I did not think I'm going to be throwing
myself into another EP another runner
music this quickly because I really
wanted to do videos from other songs but
as soon as I heard these songs they
spoke to me in such a way that I want to
visually create these songs as well ie
music videos because they're so
impactful to me as well as meta songs
they're all fun and funny and I love
them um daddy issues was definitely a
relatable song to me the most but you
know I was going to a video for jungle
fever and they got it something I'm not
gonna do those but maybe just go try
something different and cuz I'm going
through so many emotions right now I
would like to convey that in my my art
and I consider art mine a PR some people
as are to me anyways I love you guys so
much today like I said has been a day
full of emotions and just
just the rotation that I just want to be
happy sorry sightings terrible is like
senesin coming down
I'm through this and I want to be happy
and I hope you all are happy too and I
just want everyone to be happy I'm
really at that point right just whatever
one to be to be happy and to be cool one
another and so I love my makeup s I
can't believe I like did half this face
and makeup like what I took notes at you
best bully but this is amazing I've
gotten really terrible to him and makeup
lately so the fact that I just have this
like oh I can actually do it just really
really interesting the techniques that
they know and stuff it's amazing so
anyways I will talk to you guys soon and
I'll see you in the recording studio
like late now so he's on his Instagram
story we're talking up the instrument or
a computer snap stories they say they
get more views but I thought there were
supposed to be filters on this how do I
do it there's no filters Olney's do both
Stoops try to figure out what to see
this weekend we thought either I think
either the cons without the conjuring or
I think lights out let us know she he
sings to us has gone like see that
without me I don't want to see that shit
well I will then yeah well he would
anyways he was going to anyways he's
like people I'm seeing it Thursday I'm
like okay although people tell me what
make it great what is that The Joker's
laugh movie is Joker Alice probably
quick as everyone in my life is always
like you'd make a good Harlequin I'm the
cool is Harley Quinn well I thought
maybe you would like Harley Quinn and
will go see the movie because I felt
like you would like her I don't know
because she's like a badass female
supervillain and every girl loves her
I'm so tired
you're tired
and usually I'm falling asleep I fall
asleep right here
I always fall asleep I'm not tired which
is weird at up early but we found a
second song of the next ep movie for you
and me oh okay hey that's Jeremy thing
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's a song he's
gonna write a song just with the guest
name eyes plate should not go to bed
she's blogging me some Instagram enjoy
her I think I'm sorry oh yeah I want
that yeah see
