mama Joyce forget you've got a job to do
that song is really growing on me
I feel like love it
like I feel like a lot of people feel
that way but like the more let's do it
the more I'm liking lucky I get this I
just wanna thank and then I just think
like Brittany like can do no wrong I
know I was looking a little bit of
depression there for a minute
angel haze just had taking me out to
lunch to this place called Mendocino
farms nothing she would story other than
they took me there and on our way there
like right by my house there was like a
small like filming crew they were like
filming something and Angela Jack
McCartney's deuce was actually the front
which is like so hot either I'm driving
my car I'm in the front seat like I've
never really been in my back seat ever I
don't think and so it was like really
odd of course it's a time when so and
then angels like we're looking and I go
I think of something the girl in
sunglasses and I'm like oh okay I know
like staring at my car and like warm I
start my cars like we're whatever I mean
know where they're sharing my car
obviously the I was a bright pink
g-wagen but like um and then he's like
this happens that was like Britney
Spears and I was like uh-huh
no like you know what I mean like it was
just not a big like production I was
like I'm gonna be a Britney Spears
production they're literally like two
cameras and like two cars and like 10
people was like that's gonna be a pretty
search direction
I love and she's an all black she has
that we she's smokin she's doing her
Britney we I'm like oh my god that's
Queen Britney and it was and I took a
picture of it I'm gonna just definitely
snapchatting do you have an iced tea um
my favorite ways to start the morning
because it's not coffee and just needed
and sugary and all that stuff stuff good
um no and I we thought Britney and I was
like oh my god I was excited I was like
yo Amelia now I was I was actually like
really stoked
even though is like in this weird
oppression and like even that's how you
know I was really proud spending and
snapchat it but I did take a picture of
her I don't know how I didn't take like
three pictures home I got I saw pretty
as if like any like nobody ever cares
these are the kind of stories that like
people don't really care about like
someone's like I saw Britney Spears not
like you know what I mean unless you're
like they're experiencing it
so anyways Jay as much needed mommy
sissy day family day she's gonna go to
the beach and Shannel it's hot today
it's hot I just I just woke up and go
cuz they're like early people like their
early morning people and I feel like if
I don't get in there they're gonna go
and do something fun without me also
like they go to bed early so I'm gonna
Cape I just go over there and get the
whole day with them yeah I have a whole
like vegan updated someone like to talk
about it because I feel like I've gotten
off it on this vegan thing for a minute
but like I'm really really gonna try
this week tomorrow's Monday I'm really
gonna try Monday through Friday vegan
like hardcore this week I really need to
I think it's gonna give me a healthier
mind on top of a healthier body so I'm
gonna I'm gonna actually do that I'm
gonna go to the grocery store and get
some vegan like die a lot of people it's
anti me about but I'm probably I start
tomorrow I'll to be honest um I know
it's always like you should start today
you should start today but sometimes it
is what am i eating as a mental thing
it's easier to mentally have a start
which is a Monday that's a start to
clean a Monday through Friday I don't
want to fuck it up you know what I mean
you know um life updates reflection I I
saw have a her heart in a sense
in the sense that I cause I'm the cause
of lots of things I am the way I react
to situations is not always normal and
it's over-the-top and it's hard for
people to just get back to things how
they were and I get it it's my fault and
it just sometimes I try not to get into
my head about it I just AM like I really
do fuck up things you know when you
start thinking about that that's what
I've been trying to keep busy and I'm
gonna keep busy this week because I just
it just it just oh I get in my own head
but anyways I bring in Von Dutch back so
his hair day it was like not a hair day
not happening I have my 2016 I'm Cavs
chant for sure apparently it's all I
have ever wanted championship recording
my dad I don't know that I thought it
was just like I haven't won in like 40
years we know like no they just like
number one I was like oh when I wake up
sad sometimes sometimes I wake up sad
and I think that's okay as long as you
can change that mindset and I decided
I'm not gonna be that day I'm gonna have
a good day but I'm not gonna like I mean
I can't lie when I say that like I woke
up happy and great you know
ah I'm such a person that I just wish
everything was always going my way all
the time and the thing is you can't
control other people's feelings and
emotions and just other people in
general and it sucks that I fuck up good
things sucks they do this I'm like a
self saboteur I do this actually a lot
even in my career believe it or not like
I mean I think I'm doing pretty well
with what I'm doing my gosh
I start getting good things happening
and I just I find out something a fault
with something whether it's the managers
or agents from now or contractor and
then I overthink things like this PI not
a good idea like a night I just I do I
miss a bit of a self saboteur if you
will because I just I don't know I don't
know it's weird it's a good weird thing
it's like I'm scared to be happy like I
want to be happy what I'm expelling
happy and like things are going good I'm
like okay well let me sabotage those for
myself like you don't need it's not that
thanks to you there's the Taco Bell to
have like that security that I got the
Cinnabon delights and for the first time
I try those yeah my skin's been breaking
out
I think cuz it was like vegan for four
days and then I started eating shit I
get nut shit but like dairy again and
I'm like so broken out it's crazy but
I'm not watching a lot more vegan it's
so funny once you start watching a few
vegan videos like a YouTube dress
recommending like a shitload of vegan
things I've been watching like vegan
holes and vegan options and vegan
substitutes and all this stuff and I
find it interesting and it's been
motivating to be honest looks good
actually so
anyways just so yummy it's the perk it
makes me so happy morning this team
it's like refreshing and hydrating so
much
um I know we're gonna see this day goes
and thank you guys so much for being
here again I feel I always to be
thanking you guys because um sometimes a
flail a little bit and I thank you guys
for not stomping on me while the
flailing fish giving me a chance at life
we walked down to the Hermosa Beach Pier
only with my mom do I wash you like you
want to walk down to the pier I was like
hmm not really but then I do and I feel
good about it this is my mom's home turf
right here she loves the beach
she's been on my channel for a minute I
was like where'd your mom go literally
everyone oh good good
she isn't happy and she's done done done
with everything on the boob thing Oh
done with that situation like done with
life I'm like okay mm-hmm so we're
walking on the street and it's so
beautiful we don't know where we're
eating or do we know a reading on
American junkies okay I'm down people
that live the vlog yeah my mom use to
live like right here on the Strand not
right here but like on the Strand he
miss him no yeah I was too much place
now you sure your bed on your snapchat
you haven't even shown that yeah oh my
baby gets a headboard let me get really
Kiobel company thanks mommy
wait a minute I'm down for my favorite
drink all right guys this is Pierre
foremost bless you
sorry I'm young contemporary sausage
mushrooms onions bell peppers bacon jack
and cheddar cheese have people who love
me I'm getting through and try the
chicken and waffles see how it is this
is so cure my mom in here before we got
bottomless mimosas coming so ten dollars
you can't beat that so she said she'll
do again what
ever it might be a bit unless you know
pretty fewer is always where dawn does
from 2009 I want to pick your barefoot I
want to put your like barefoot like
pretty soon as I come out of the gas
station shows me I've got some trophies
thank you for doing that
you guys we got bottomless from who's
with look how big these are they're
literally like a soda really good
they're really good though and then we
get unlimited for $10 till what time -
there's some visit us right here on the
theory okay but not live once again my
company blogs are alive this is not my
vegan day but I got chicken and waffles
and my mom got that junkie omelet this
looks so good I'm so excited I'm so
excited oh they look so yummy yeah I
want to tear cod these are crispy - yeah
mm-hmm
YUM yes seriously the cutest where we
get all our clothes yeah well Diane
speech we're so cute you guys this is
from cabaret yesterday such a good show
the guy who played the emcee was amazing
his name is Randi Harrison this guy he's
not queer as folk amazing anyways my
sister has a bunch of these at their
house and she's dark chocolate banana
slices only 100 calories she's like
obsessed with these so I'm gonna try it
these out for the vlogs the other case
they look amazing okay they're really
really tiny one like so sweaty it's like
so hot hmm home yeah
we're doing your thighs funds on your
thighs our partners warming up in your
mouth you put the whole thing in your
mouth you just eat at one time huh oh I
brought them mmm oh my gosh it's
tradition y'all when we come here I get
all this Domino's plus okay we got
pastas chicken and pizza nah man
