so excited and I have one single hash
bar in there because I have to eat
something before I go dance um having
YUM
let's go taste advice fill her up it's
literally the best summer drink ever let
me see that a little bit again my mom
used to homebrew iced tea all right guys
got my Lucy cheers to you all
let's go beat this heat whoa hey
everyone I have to start this off with a
little bit of a rant I post a picture on
Instagram I'm super excited I was really
excited about my glam and my outfits a
it's a different offer the one I'm
wearing now I had a free people dress on
but it was a dress you know I mean it
was like kind of like a top not really a
dress weird messy you got the over
hedonist
um I guess so I was a girly sniffles
picture like look I didn't do love
reading comments I don't necessarily
respond to Instagram comments all that
often but I do read them like all the
time like I'm one constantly looking in
my comments um respond but I'm mostly
one like YouTube or YouTube or Twitter
or snapchat I don't know why don't do
Instagram he was just like hearted for
me to because like snapchat I respond
it's usually like a picture or like a
video it's over like a text like a
texting and like when I'm on Twitter
responding I'm always like got my mouse
at my keyboard um
so maybe I just don't really like yeah I
think that's it it doesn't like little
like comment you know I mean it's just
good to hear might never come but I
always look anyways it really pissed me
off so it's a little bit of a great
grinding my gears here on the guy
reference to never saw it well I seen it
like once when my sister was talking
about it anyways yeah like you're so
pale I never got sigh like grouse or
something like that was like the
comments and I have been wanting to do a
whole video about this I'm like that car
is like literally taking forever anyways
um and so I kind of just been it's just
such a personal personal thing to me why
stop tanning it the reason why is very
very personal it's very embarrassing
because I was such a cocky little bitch
on fucking TV about it like so you know
and I think you can all like infer like
I said I've filmed a video like I'm not
gonna half of that maybe about it it's
like a long video like 30 minute like
going into somewhat depth about it and
it's not only is it embarrassing it's
something I'm currently dealing with and
going through and I've never blogged
about it or talked about it because it's
just it's just a lot for me to handle
and I can handle it all alone like I go
through this completely alone for the
most part
cuz it's just embarrassing so anyways
the point of all of that was it's like
think before you leave a fucking comment
like saying something like oh like
you're so pale you because like and you
never bought side like it's disgusting
or something that like before you do
like you don't know anyone's story this
is like this is like the perfect proof
of that you don't know anyone's fucking
story if you tell someone if you own
call like a brand for some fat how do
you know like they haven't been
struggling with the eating disorder or
they actually have lost 100 pounds how
do you know and you don't know anyone's
story to comment or say such rude things
you're gonna say weird things anyways
but also to stay it to someone you don't
know and you don't know their story
someone like it oh you're so pale like
it's it's it's it's kind of just gross
and it just made me really it just
pisses me off but just just enough
because well my case I shouldn't say
it's awesome here but while it's not the
worst you know
I'm not dead it's basically what I'm
saying you know people have died because
of diseases called by caused by the Sun
so to be like you can't leave them
outside it just it just gave me such a
gross feeling it's just I don't know I
just don't like when people like I don't
know even when someone comments like a
house ugly someone is like what is what
is the purpose of that you know what I
mean like it sucks social media can be
so much fun I love social media so much
it's so much fun to look up well people
aren't posting and doing I just
thoroughly enjoy it for what it's
supposed to be which is sharing your
life if you have to go and make it so
nasty and meaning like how about
someone's weird look sir it just kind of
grossed me out sometimes and they comes
like that just kind of just me like you
can call me fat and ugly all day long
wait for some reason those comments just
don't bother me more cuz I get it but
because being pale is kind of a new
thing for me and it is summertime and
everyone's tan except for me
it does suck but anyways um let's see
you're over there but anyways I'm gonna
go dance so I had to get that negativity
off of me because I want to be as
positive um just get it all off I'm
gonna - on a national what that is it's
so weird it's like louder I'm not
speaking up but that maybe divided a
Benjamin
I still gotta McDonald's and I love it
got wise to eat and this is like better
so anyways so that's what we're doing
I'm doing we're doing cuz you're along
the journey and you with the adventure
of savings if anything at all to be
honest I'm looking for an adventure last
day like happy to always wanna hang out
with Shaunie happy wanna dance happy
when I gland happy when I film so I'm
hoping that that is the adventure of the
day which is just it's chill day for me
so yesterday was weird vibes today is
goodbye Emma says goodbye like I was
like not good or bad but I'm gonna say
good I'm leaning more towards to go so
excited about this dance because it's
contemporary and we're both emotional
sons of bitches or pieces of shit as he
likes to say and we're gonna go be a
bushel pieces of shit together today and
then song I'm really excited and that's
why I have 5,000 white dresses channels
have been blogging all that much
yeah I've decided I'm gonna try and see
much just a blob me not so much people
around me because I need to appreciate
the real people the people people in
real life that are going to midlife and
they're not just characters in Asia and
I'm gonna just try and block myself and
you know people have understood like
could I talk to you it that they're like
okay yeah that's cool of you want to
walk yourself once in a while so I'm
gonna stop myself once in a while you
may not be uploaded as frequently on
this channel but I still do wanna block
I love it and then just not I'm in which
I'm here me for dinner he's actually
taking me out and then we're gonna go
see ever expensive export already and he
actually just wanna hang I wasn't gonna
go to pepper and like ran over him a
little sad I guess I guess it's having a
little pity party for herself and then
he kind of you're coming out you're
showering and he didn't had to it's nice
I can I didn't do have tickets for the
same you do you want to go like shorter
and so we're having dinner first so
anyways that's some texting so that's
what we're doing we're at Maggiano's
I'm going to and so I'm excited and just
a lot of people in my life I'm just
going to not vlog and just flog myself
like I said and I hope that's enough
refire and like I said I'm not gonna
totally cut out blogging from everybody
but just people who may not be maybe
just the people I'm trying to work on a
relationship the most with Jeremy's
first time seeing the show my first
musical really I know
musically meant he was like what you
nummies was like not really but he came
losing now you're gonna cry I cannot
wait to see you cry this is where we're
going
micro watching fucking vampires
so excited
I'm up in here excited to be here they
didn't think I was gonna be I thought I
was gonna be just sleeping in my bed
alone and miserable so I'm so glad
Jeremy forced me out tonight oh shit oh
thank you
thank you so much
just talking myself in the guy you do in
some more videos and a person to see
when I was like really excited we never
hear that that's really really cool
my Aunt Martha is like it that I'm happy
to be out and thanks for damn babies
that really was like a misery boy I want
to go out like you aren't getting to us
and we are going to dinner and then I
was a kid you have tickets for the
singing if you want to companies like up
for sure so
