um okay so today I am going a like I'd
be on a really strict diet this week
like I have to be like I just I am so I
post me to only fruits chicken and then
I have eggs in my mind like hard-boiled
eggs immediate to my fridge so that's
all I'm eating this week is just fruit
and chicken and eggs because I uh I
weighed myself at the beginning of the
new year I'm saying happen here is he
was coming my healthy food and I
literally was the most I've ever weighed
like ever and I was like okay obviously
see the comments really you're gonna be
huge well like people always pull me out
literally my whole youtube career and I
look back on my peoples really skinny at
one point I'm not skinny but like normal
and you know that so like I kind of just
always ignored it need to tweeze my chin
hairs and all that so FAR's anyways
everything I just I have a sports bra so
I'm actually gonna go work out cuz I
postmates it so cuz I present my food
today oh she's gonna have like a chill
day but it turned out to be non chill
day because I'm gonna go get my hair
extensions moved up beat this hair has
lasted so long this is the Bellamy tape
in here and it lasted it so long but
because I'm going on vacation zoom I
wanted to get it all moved up and just
have like a nice tight hair from
application because the last time I got
a blowout a couple pieces were coming
out but only because I get my hairstyle
and blow out so much literally not one
piece had fallen out up into the last
time I got it colored and it's only
because I think like no assignment shade
or anything but like this girl who
washing my hair normally she's never
washed my hair before I usually have my
night colorist do it and I think it just
kind of moved them like weird you'd be
so careful with tape pins nah that's a
lot you don't be so fair because I'm not
careful but I feel like when you get
washed in a bowl they have to be so
careful so I think the girl was just
like really kind of rough and it was
like way and then like the side winds
came out a little bit so I'm gonna go
get those it replaced
I don't know how long's then take an
appointment at 1:30 today so I wanted to
go work out I probably only get to work
out for an hour
that just means gonna go super hard on
my workouts because um you guys know I
usually like to work out for like three
hours shouldn't really slow slow and
steady wins the race
so doc and I'm gonna go spray at night
because I'm so tired of being pale I
probably doing me it was great
tonight I get so like but I should um I
get lazy with right hands I get sweet
hands
um and then then I'm gonna get my
tensile on my hair this week I think
we're gonna do two sessions we're gonna
do some tomorrow you can see if he's
like if you like it cool if you want
more and come back Wednesday so um so
that's kind of this week is just kind of
like maintenance absolute you make a
nail appointment sometime this week
which you should probably call now cuz
the place I want to go and get like nail
art is always so booked um oh I got a
pedicure today very much sprayed him
mm-hmm
do you think that one through that's
okay yeah I'll just get it next week um
and then I was losing my mom I guess
it's like one of those weeks which I
have a lot to do and just like not
enough time
maintenance weeks are always hard for me
wearing you like meals and spray tan and
hair and those are what I hate them so
much but it's necessary and I feel much
better once I get it done so and I might
make these next few days like a confined
vlog I like the longer ones I think you
guys like the longer ones - I feel like
it's just a better quality in the sense
that you just get more it's all I can
just drop with four minutes my day but
if today is long enough you guys don't
care about any of this tonight but yours
no see what voices so I'm not shaming
Rylan last night which is really fun um
I love like just lastly there are people
I can count on is always laughing like
it's just saying stupid stuff we
actually even set up the app oh no we
did oh yeah no she ain't at my new Apple
TV my 4k but we haven't hopefully not
really watching anything because we
ended up talking so much then we've got
halo ice cream it's getting bitch pizza
and it was just good to like catch up
with them and um all that stuff so yeah
actually yeah this week I'm putting up
my shame vlogs behind the scenes ooh
this actually yeah you guys don't care
it out but I think maybe then I'm just
gonna put like a week I don't know who
cares
you'll see how I do you see yeah and in
just twenty what we'd mention here mom
doing of it we're gonna heat this these
little whiskers and they come so hard
and course all the Sun Enzo I gotta take
care of these considered bother me but
I'll let you know one right postage I
think about anything about exciting but
it's like healthier stuff that you guys
will see okay so I got Trader Joe's
I got pre-cut cantaloupe slices pre-cut
watermelon slices and then I got two
I've each these are great like when I'm
like starving like I can't wait for the
oven to heat up or like I'm just like
I'm gonna pass out
and then I got this is literally not a
grocery aisle I love this this is the
lemon pepper chicken it's all white me
it's so good it's like precooked
basically you drop it in the oven and
it's like a really flavorful and really
filling so this hard-boiled eggs this is
my diet for the week so I got a bunch of
those Sunnah you know I feel a little
better Eponine literally going crazy
with my eating I am getting my period I
know I always say this but like when I
say I'm getting my period I mean like in
a week but now it's like literally gonna
be either today or tomorrow so I'm
really trying to fight that blokes I've
been eating so much so my little healthy
Trader Joe's all of 30 seconds to show
you all right guys
eight rounds
hmm do I look skinnier I went to the
skinnier after workout I don't like it
but I've tried to push myself as much as
I could I haven't worked out in weeks I
want to say I only work out once this
way yeah like I think I worked out New
Year's Eve so what's new this year so
I'm gonna have some cantaloupe slices
cuz I am so hungry and I have a big
diamond water if you eat this whole
thing it's like 150 calories but I think
I always eat with you guys and sorry
unhealthy food itself I just realize
this on camera
I really obnoxious Lee like I stuck it
out cuz I really since Ortiz I'm kind of
suck the juice out first so much bigger
since I was like oh my god maybe you
want to go and get Domino's we said
maybe I couldn't I really can't
I'll robbing the future don't go wrong
Oh pizza last night with show you're a
little swollen but
I really barely do it in Drake health I
like watermelon I don't like like I love
you know no cotton you give me so much
in this gym its feelings have to go the
hair it's not I'm home it's gonna take
that Cosette
I'm sure guys know how long the whole
process of taking these out for each
Haven putting back in will be but you'll
have to go like once every six weeks I
asked if you're like wanting to be on it
I feel like three months without moving
extensions up that was no lazy
I'm trying to save like my gummy meals
before I go out to eat and I'm with
company frightens me only whatever I
enjoy eating food more with other people
that's like there's possibly gonna kinda
was like isolating myself a little bit
with the ascent from last night my only
out with my apartment I think I stayed
in two nights in a row in two days
enrollment not one out
um I was just eating it so much I just
ordered food on food upon food and it
was like actually kind of getting like
gross and I like didn't even know what I
wanted to eat
I don't commonest kind of over it was
really weird so that everyone cases says
there is a difference in taste the only
thing I'm crazy but it's really good
it's like not as expensive as people
would think something I thought was way
more fun than it was I want to say it's
like 40 bucks 50 bucks per case of these
it is fun so like if you're an agent
says look I have like regular arrow head
that I like try and hydrate with you
throughout the day like when I have a
meal I like to drink this makes me feel
a little more fancy I'm like I'm eating
more hmm
that's our mummy
Oh
ready oh my where it is how much part
really my house like what do I wear
I shouldn't organize much better I'm
gonna get in there there's anywhere in
more mmm I'm gonna have one more beer
really got dumb mmm
so it just beer about half way about 75
calories
I tried counting calories I tried a
little carp some day some days but I've
had a calorie one just looks a little
better I don't feel as were stricken
this is addicting I felt them
hmm I just read it I think my blonde
hair too complex and comes up being p.m.
what he's so good after workout oh man
can had one more spear then I've gotten
so bad you could eat all this thing and
then I still won't feel too bad yourself
it's like your meal that hits right
there I'm not with a person like really
over that way we're supposed to do
back bad but yeah
I'm having really weird anxiety lately
I'm being like overly anxious about
things that I haven't done in life it's
really we're like just like life goals
I'm gonna anchor some ice bear we're
gonna chill it out I'll save it chicken
breast might come home with a hair
appointment
what's up my gosh I want the face I love
being a shower okay now wash your face
it's got a text from a stylist I'll
write the Bellamy are you sick oh you
should presume geun-hye lol that zoom
all the way out we don't not need a
bigger face um front boundary Beauty
where that's where I'm going it should
get my hair moved up and she said her
quite me cancel my command early oh the
only thing is is I'm kind of like mine
so I just showered and I'm gonna go wash
off face a shower downstairs and my
downstairs bathroom and I don't wanna
get my hair wet it's a smaller shower
see my shower in here is that kind of
high I need it more now I'm going to
wash my face but I'm gonna drop to hell
for it it's not easier so good
okay so that's my uber took me a little
while look at the new beads
back at Bellamy beauty balm here get my
attention to moved up something good for
another
holidays crazy so I always just do for
now learn my lesson that way have my
diamond water about one o'clock
you say so cool sunglasses now or
something
got that one all the new dove Cameron
these are like a feathered like lighter
ones my code works on any of the hair
extensions KO Trish Natalie Peris I got
the tape pins and I love them so much
that's like my hair
so pretty the way it's decorated in here
look at this mess glitter wherever I go
so bad and her hairbrush purchase doing
it I just got my we've moved out this
looks so freaking good I am obsessed
this is like so much you just so quick
she can't like install here and
literally like an hour I think it to
actually install this was like an hour
and we took this whole thing out
taped it back it I was like such a dog
Ella so valued remark up stuff you guys
can literally sometimes just walk in and
if they're like don't have anyone you
can like get your hair like fully done
some things cherish you guys I'm home
you know you're dieting when you're
looking forward to eating a chicken
breast I'm starving all I need to do
with the cantaloupe with you guys and I
had one of those cheese crackers with
peanut butter I had one of those they
usually come in like six and my cherish
my hairstylist was eating one inch what
you want one
I'm like I shouldn't but I was really
starting but so we're doing calories I
said I had about half of my cantaloupe
so that was what 75 calories a peanut
butter cracker I might as fond up and
say at the hundred calories I'm don't
wouldn't think someone from 100 calories
now I'm gonna have this a lemon pepper
grilled chicken the things with these
you guys saw me I opened these this
morning and it says used by January and
2016 so it's my 16 January 16th and it's
January 14th today so you have to kind
of use them pretty quick or you freeze
them this has 100 calories they're going
to frost about 400 calories for this but
it's a really big piece of chicken like
you get really full I'm getting a spray
tan tonight also why that's one of those
balls that's at like don't come to a
point and why I just why also I brought
this big water with me to the salon and
I did not hardly drink any cuz I didn't
want to pee oh my god also if you guys
wanna see I was showing a Sheena Rylan
this last night
I have Gucci shoes are so freaking ugly
in person so friggin ugly and I spent 15
her dollars on those shoes
so because one sees that video let me
know I might do it for my main channel I
don't know
Oh crazy though only thing that's on my
all it's a fan of the Opera thing I'm
like what is up here this is like a
really boring vlog I might have to put
this with something else for the
honestly the only time I could think of
for this walk is oh but not boring is my
heritage I'm gonna do a whole video
about my hair so just sending my um
tinsel and tomorrow she did such a
killer job so basically I always get new
hair but because his hair it lasted so
well and it was still really good
quality I you don't wanna waste it so I
actually just had her move in she was
she's such a job so I wanted to come in
like last minute please deal which is
like so annoying for most your stylist
and she's so sweet
she loaded it without my all my hair
like we took it all out she blew me out
like wash my hair gave me a blowout my
real hair then she would take all the
tape off my extensions and retake them
and then for a while back in my head and
she does all within like four and a half
hours that's like really insane if
anyone knows I think about a hair
extensions even tapings which is like
the one of the faster methods
she's like a beast so thank you a
Bellamy beauty bar like this is all
Bellamy hair even Gigi when she saw me
she was looking her since she doesn't
bail me check no way like they have us I
use their hair I love it it's amazing
but cherish have Bellamy Beauty bar they
have Beauty Bar anything in Vegas in
Houston now but their hair is amazing
even if you just get their hair online
miCoach fresh you can still get a
discount if you want some and just find
someone near you to style it well I know
people even fly to LA to get like them
to install it cherish is the best I'm
not gonna lie she's really good at the
girl Savannah she just had my hair a lot
she's pretty good too she's very good -
she's amazing but she's preggers and
she's about to pop so but cherish has
been killing it and I love it so much
thanks girls
also this cooking this cooking in quotes
couldn't be easier you literally just
like this is how it comes right you just
puncture or a big hole whatever and
literally just place it on a baking
sheet and put it pop it right in the
oven so it's almost a 350 sentence
complete it now and wait 10 to 13
minutes you'll start smelling it and
that's when I take it out if honestly is
so tender you just put it all in just
like that with the plastic
everything like kind of easier look like
a blurry or is that like lighting I
don't know I can't tell you guys I'm
just happy to eat this chicken okay how
are we to see the chicken won't that
exciting to you guys I successfully
completed another one day I'm a diet I
think the longest term I successfully
dieted for like in like the longest
consistent amount of time has in four
days at the beginning of this year um
you want to try this chicken this is a
long mmm the flavor is so good you don't
but that's like it's such a big piece
I'm so tired I cannot wait to get a
spray tan and go to sleep
did we hear not house find that was
cherish right chicken you get really
tired we need your hair I'm the bald I'm
just like having someone play with your
hair and just this day was long it's a
lot of our cuz we have to get all your
hair out and put back in it's extra long
day I know and it breaks in between I
get my hair out with a couple weeks but
doesn't worry I'm a couple vacations and
so I like that I just wanna like hop
along here so it's like ready to go
not to say I think maybe this summer
maybe after my birthday I'll like have a
like a summer break of just my real hair
because it's like the summertime I feel
I can get away with like doing ponies
and just looking at you you know real
along here a lot won't hear them this
meat is so white I love that I hate dark
moon
can you think I don't mind helping I do
feel better like this we've done I just
couldn't stop eating I'm not back here
in all this
maybe it's lighter than hurried off but
mm-hmm
now this is good I got three of these so
like be mine Bing meals for the next
three days I go on kik you like to know
sometimes I'm on my egg whites and bacon
you know the pepper to them get em high
both egg kicks all of those that are but
eggs in the morning lovely diet you
think about like what the next thing you
get to eat is oh yeah a spray tan and
sleep and wake up and have hard-boiled
eggs
gonna buy up this for lunch or dinner
fruit and then this quick butt sticks
like 20 minutes and start to finish like
beating up the oven just I was gonna
have some snack up some fruit I was
snapping I got her no I'm just wait for
the chicken it's gonna taste better even
having that new aircraft for us head I'm
at myself but I only had one old trician
they had more like a pack of six sorry
then once I have a little taste of
something BAM Iseman I go crazy and eat
everything bad
I guess I'll still splurge but days like
today or when I don't see people or
something everyone sentiment up and it's
like an occasion out I don't really need
to be I know me I don't have like order
a whole meal to myself specially if I'm
not move I mean it's a know that I want
to save about your epic to day so I
really enjoy it mmm cuz like it was
sometimes you get to a point people who
know that eat a lot have like overeating
problems or food addiction it's a real
thing you know that sometimes you just
point where you just stop and drink food
in fact this is like literally all out
of focus I feel like just the chickens
and focus like I wasn't even doing what
I wanted him uh-huh and he talks with me
a stress me and my crew has have a lot
of in shows yes but we were saving that
till after vacation mmm actually just
what that is my rule warden and Rose was
like 15 pounds or 20 pounds before I do
another eating show you every time a
promise for a new show and there's
another one I just love something over
nachos I sell all those coupons they
sent me that I want to use
literally so sullen
I mean I just really tender thanks for
eating with me I'm gonna do these so I
feel lonely especially these guys like
how sad is a kitchen and brushed like a
cold kitchen watching think YouTube
videos like I don't I need these days
though because I have a lot to catch up
on editing why is more so why I own I
think I don't know why I enjoy I like
free watching my videos like my blog my
stuff like I like were you watching in
living my days but it's a fought habit
of it I don't do it for arms that's what
I hate the most my firm's gotten sold
like big as I got older like my arms in
general I'm always in a problem area for
me I always need my arms I don't think I
ever warranty tops like all throughout
high school I never I don't think ever I
refused to show my arms so weird I was
so self-conscious about them like I'm
not self-conscious not like obviously I
wear tank tops in bikinis and like I
don't really care about like it is
something that I own that's like um
placement I really wish my arms with
smaller and it's one place that I always
gain weight fastest and it's the hardest
waves for my arms I'm gonna have to call
the morning I'm like working these
little arms and I mean the lipo did help
yeah this is like brown they didn't like
well here they did it here but her on
this is like Brown to something so I
mean still hang around but it's more
straight and then this one's more round
oh my god there's this awful as like
human beings we like pick our bodies
part I hate it I hate that part about us
and no matter how confident someone is
like people are gonna we're just always
gonna pick each other like pick
ourselves apart worse than having people
pick you up ours being yourself part
like it makes me job like when I was
doing that nammed gonna say what the
world's about people like this come to
was like my forearms
it's not real it's really not gonna calm
even when people comment about it I'm
never putting notes in main like
sensitive spot but I've always had that
like in my hat
an updated Freddie jeans they're not as
comfortable as everyone says but I also
I don't think they're meant for curvy
girls why not
back them up and down they'd feel like
they feel like really tight jeans and
not like jeggings which i think is what
how they advertise is Jennings I don't
feel like jackings so good
a lot to do this week I mean it's just
pouring stuff McNeil's
I'm waiting here pencil back in tomorrow
I don't understand why this is so odd
about this let's keep it in focus in
this i'm dr brian you guys too much miss
like blinded lighting or something is
weird home I have a new vlog am running
I get used to it
honestly do you think the lighting is
like fucking it up what do I don't go
out there anything weapon here we are
yeah Miley Jake can't pull off this
chicken like legette like is it like a
satisfying like mac and cheese and
mashed potatoes like no but I do get
full which is which is good which tricks
means not feeling so depressed oh so
that's a special case cereal I kind of
stay away from very it makes a big
difference in my skin yeah now it's so
dark
what's happening alright I'm done with
this chicken
yeah I don't know why is this after
lunch
I don't know Gracie if I block the light
doesn't he's better home man was
lighting I was a grad help me hmm well
okay I didn't see me after my spray down
this have been like a really boring log
episode I'm not kidding some enjoy I
like me just to nothing at home so
you're welcome listen meet say yes I see
me do so there's that hi guys I think
we're gonna just go sleep in my bed
after my sprayed Hannah ship like a
sheet down I have black sheet so it's
fine yeah I like a lunch lady or a nurse
or like I'm way into surgery I throw my
spray tan we went a little late her
name's Alex
oh that's Andrea I think thousand I
drove Alex Lex I hope I relax
actually I don't call or anything
because I always feel like climbing
people names like she goes white
Alexandre around Sandra and then she
some people are Lexi and then it goes my
Alex I just don't always a anything but
we went she went a little later this
break because I just got my extensions
and this is probably so boring some of
you but me so we might find this
interesting I never knew that when you
get your extensions done you're really
not supposed to like tie them back super
tight because you don't want them to
pull on the bun
it's maybe it's even just like something
they say as a precaution so I also have
fresh and everything today so I didn't
want the tan to go on my hair but
usually I have it up in a topknot when I
spray but because it's down I feel like
all these things she was like kind of
nervous not nervous but I was like oh my
god I don't get around my hairline
because I'm not gonna wash my hair now
for like probably a week you know so I
kind of plan it poorly I even told her I
was like and I'm not even doing why this
camera I'm not really even doing
anything this week that I'd needed a
spray hand someone made a comment to me
in real life last week that I was like
pale it kind of gave me a complex I'm
sure I'll get over it like not a big
deal but like I should pack in a spray
diem didn't need one have nothing going
on this week other than Erin so I don't
know why I got one but whatever I have
one and I would cancel on her like
literally five times in the past like
weeks I was like I can't cancel again I
know though I'm gonna go and like just
chill at my by like literally no phone
no iPad and just like chill you guys
ever do that just like clay I just think
like there's my dough with me oh I do
it's like my new favorite things you uh
someone else who appreciates just laying
a bed not anything sexual but or
anything that but like Jason he'll get
into bed and just be like oh oh I
thought I feel now I feel like I like oh
god I'm really worried a surgery yeah I
just lay my bed like that's like it's a
weird thing when you get older I mean I
know I'm only 29 I would like to assure
you I like you're 50 how did you get
older your body does just like eight
more I'm from like just walking around I
just feel so much fun I like sleep feel
so much better to me when I'm older I'm
just like laying and bad is like
everything I love just lying in bed hmm
I can get real lazy I see what that
today like if I had like a nine-to-five
job I don't even think it could I admire
people who work so freaking hard on
their feet and that is I don't even know
if I could like the girls do my hair day
I was just like cuz she loves what she
does and I'm like that's amazing I don't
know if I could do a job like that like
I'm so lazy and I have such mood swings
thank God for you - that's why I say
everyday I my god you just create like a
perfect job for me and my mood swings in
my like mentality and I don't know
anyways I have no idea like did I mean I
I think I've lost my mind a little bit
along the way and I don't know how it'd
be a functioning adult I don't even know
how I am a functioning adult I'm not
really a functioning adult hmm all right
guys I'm gonna go to bed this is my long
enough love with all my eating and this
that I'm just gonna keep it as a blog
and I have no idea what I'm paddling it
so anyways babes so he booze tell you
bitches that's very inappropriate all
right this she's mama signing up I look
literally so Kay I like I'm thinking
right now
I love you guys and the last time don't
do this video if you like don't mind me
just kickin it by myself in these vlogs
doing nothing but he and chicken breasts
and it sounds so good no I gotta go to
bed all right love you guys and last
name because he's a little bit fishy
mm-hmm
