I look like that cop snapchat filter the
one with the mustache um hey guys oh I'm
in a crazy intersection hold on alright
guys just how to do a crazy left turn it
was totally legal but it was a little
crazy because I'm all mouth
this is a little tense I'm getting my
roots done today uh I'm in a weird mood
again this morning I think I'll feel
better like after I go to the salon talk
to my girl Zoe like I feel a lot better
it's like a little gossip question but I
woke up like weird this morning um
and I know I just mm um yeah it's a
weird mood not a bad mood not a good
mood but just like a weird mood where I
just feel like something's a little off
in the universe you don't mean I hate
looking for those boots but hope you
like change it up no something feels off
today I'm very hesitant of everything
and everyone um and I actually met
someone who's very very nice but again
it's being already in a weird mood to
put me in like a weird mood but she was
totally nice hi I have no idea who that
person is uh literally someone just like
waving at me right there and that
suburban um but anyways also oh hi
Scott Scott Azalea No
Scott as oh hey guys no this is like
like everybody to know that person I
just like I couldn't work I couldn't
know I used to remember people know
everything a lot of weird things are
happening it's a weird day today like
and I woke up feeling off feeling just a
little bit of a pip my stomach for
whatever reason things just feel off and
praying to God like literally praying to
God that like everything just goes
normal today like something feels off
and that's never good because usually
when something feels lost something is
off and you just have to like you never
a little it's weird but like that's been
happening to me and I met this woman who
was again super nice watching my video
since on my car like you know my car's
bright I think like obviously something
harder guys really nice but again just
like weird happenings weird happenings
and that like I don't know one is a Lea
do i do i do without you guys were no
better than we joined on a daily I don't
know God is dahlias friends so weird but
he knew my name but then again it's like
I Center big pink car so it's not that
hard to know um but anyways Oh guys mmm
hate that feeling
that Jeep was not moving fast enough for
that other Jeep behind I would let
achieve on an openness um but anyways I
have a blog so kinda edited a but I
don't know if I'm have time I'm viewing
here Neil's and then immediately after
Jeremy's coming over to talk about some
of the new songs we're doing and all
that stuff so um lots to do this week is
again so freaking busy it's exhausting
but what are you doing he need to go
over to lost Anna goes what I need to do
I totally caved in and bought these
Quast sunglasses the desi Perkins bike
way
this is sad I don't even know who that
is I need those I did look her up she's
a youtuber but like okay maybe maybe I
was on the wrong Channel or something
but didn't look like she had like that
crazy big of a following but like not a
bad way but just like how'd she get home
again sunglass lands with quite that's
so bougie I mean not a bad way at all
but it's just like I looked her up and I
was like oh she's like a moderate
youtuber you don't I mean I know anyways
I'm tossing about that I don't know you
guys taste weird oh I just what uh I
haven't danced don't like I haven't
danced it'll be a week we're dancing
tomorrow but it'll be a week tomorrow
since we've danced and honestly me
dancing and like releasing the emotion
and just like sweating and working my
body just makes me feel better and when
I don't do it and especially when I've
been eating I've been eating so crappy
lately when I be so ironic actually that
girl that I ran into at the bank
um she's a nutritionist and she said you
know once here once your mind Sean I
think so he's eating shower than Cameron
ever asked me if it's only a video
anyways I'm getting so distracted but
just saying look a hot mess once you get
your gut right you get your mind right
like your guys like your second brain it
means that she's so nice I'm not saying
like oh it was weird it was just like I
said it's just a weird day so things
like all these like weird things have
been happening but like that but in like
the kind that's you the inch is like
there was a few other incidences this
morning that doesn't seem that crazy but
they were so this night for a hot minute
and I'm not feeling cute I'm in this
like target it's like a beach dress but
it like a dress I would wear after I get
out the shower so I'm feeling not cute
I'm going to a boozy Beverly Hills long
I just cannot get it together today and
no matter how much it tried it just
wasn't wasn't in the cards for me to get
this together I feel like maybe if I did
put on a nicer outfit or something like
maybe I would have felt a little better
but mmm
anyways yesterday was just we go sauce
oh my gosh it was just me like in my
house so maybe that has something to do
with this sometimes when I'm I saluted
in my house all day and never leave it's
done actually I guess I used to do it
but I use to go out for walks and talk
to people and stuff like when I was at
the beach so I think being isolated and
not even leaving the house to go for a
walk or something I think kind of screws
me up a little bit in my in the mind um
kind of talk to anyone yesterday it's
just it was weird so maybe that's what
setting up the weird mood yeah I hate
these moon
yeah that's pretty much it y'all get my
roots done I'm gonna keep you in my
roots a little more just cuz I do get my
hair styled so often and I feel like
styles just look so much better when you
have fresh fruits and we are gonna go
see a play this weekend and we are
dressing up in like Marilyn the 50s
attire
what should I want those fresh fruits
for that and then we're going to Vegas
next week so it's like you know what so
that's good time to get them done it's
crazy though my hair must be growing
fast because I did just and I was like
you're always at the salon I know I
literally just got these done like three
weeks ago before my daddy issues music
video um maybe about a month oh no it's
about three weeks actually exactly crazy
bizarre how fast my hair grows because
my root there's some serious rootage I
do I always feel like I'm here too and I
must like cheese flaming saddles I never
really looked at the names of these West
Hollywood bars was fine what it's kind
of like I'm gonna get hate for it
anyways I don't matter it is what it is
it's this kind of like a day town like
gay the gay areas like rainbows and
everywhere which is like it I don't know
why that would be I know something
that's hopefully I don't know but it
mean it's gay gay gay like hey um and
not I don't know that sounds home folks
but it's not because people love it
there's like rainbows and shit and
there's a place Mel Simon saddles where
there's like naked guys dancing like if
you go by at night you don't I mean Lake
um whatever if you want homie okay
people call me one phobic all the time I
mean this is just answered
no moans we're days um I better nyan are
to go on this tangent it's really not a
big deal but sometimes I wish I was gay
um oh my god but wait on a gay guy
friend of mine told me that girls can't
be gay like there's no such thing as
like yeah there's lesbians what they
can't be gay I was like what as a person
we heard that anyways I'm getting
sidetracked but I sometimes wish I was
gay there's this um girl this lesbian I
know um she's my girlfriend but I'm like
I've known I've known her now for like a
year maybe um and I wouldn't even say it
she's a friend she's just um one I know
and I just this last time hanging out or
working with her um I guess you could
say uh I just kind of felt like in
though I had like a little crush I kind
of fell in love with her and I don't
know if because how open she is or I
don't know in a way I I'm starting to
think it's kind of wish I am that's on
so I know well I kind of wish I enjoyed
having sex with emails instead of males
because I could see being myself being
in a relationship with a girl for just
the emotional understanding in stuff
because even talking with her like I
just felt such a connection and she
thought she was very compassionate and I
was like oh my god this must be what
it's like to have a good girlfriend we
like understands you and like knows you
and like intimate what you don't mean
but then like what's the difference
between your best friend and a
girlfriend you know I mean obviously sex
and
right is that the title no and so it's
like I couldn't I could see what I'll be
in a relationship with a girl and even
kissing a girl I think it's like fun and
like holding a girl and huddling like I
love cuddling girls like you know I
haven't in a while because I have having
a close girlfriend in a while but when
I've had close girlfriends used to cut
all the time and I was just like I kind
of liked that but the second and one
time I have yeah I've done things with
girls obviously but I just I just kind
of get into it I just wasn't it did and
it felt weird even after it felt weird
to me you know to me like I mean like
obviously that's a preference like you
know we're born gay straight whatever
but but sometimes I wish I could be into
girls that way like I really do because
I feel like they would make an amazing
you're just showing you everything is
amazing relationship I don't know you
guys today is a weird day I've already
warned you I don't know why I'm rambling
about
that's us however you salon goes good
Niels go good tonight goes good and then
I can wake up the neck tomorrow because
I'm getting Liam and filming videos
dancing so I know tomorrow I'll be a
good day back just day anyways is my
throat still hurts from puking a little
bit I've been hacking all day having
coughing but it's cool it's going down a
little bit since yesterday I have a lot
of people to respond to via text message
at the salon that I did not get back to
yesterday sorry if I haven't gotten back
to some days like yesterday when I just
isolated I didn't really want to deal
with anybody you know maybe is that
horrible is how horrible kind of how it
is even today I just
I just and it's not like me because I
get excited for texts from people but
don't you dare kappa dude oh man it's my
hair appointment early I'm just chilling
in the courtyard
montage of Beverly Hills it's gorgeous
really is so pretty actually actually
this are not really hot
feels good to be outside probably head
upstairs but I thought I'd show you guys
the inside of the hotel
there at one time off men
it was a soccer player used a lot never
heard from again
yeah
yes
why don't you
hey wake up I'm in all pink is that
dress is lying about that rings me in
the shower dress from Target not bougie
hmm
my mom got me champagne should you want
champagne I was like move my feet too
early shows it's never too early it's
like the smile of her getting these
roots fixed debating if I should get my
extensions put back or not you guys let
me know what a big I think I can eat
them in but
maanteeeca I love that color now I do
you guys on my unboxing you knew it
wasn't like the color I wanted but I'm
kind of obsessed with them bleach on
shoes on there's a my snapchat this is
this is I'm looking okay this is
bullshit is up she's so proud I'm here
and I cook
you're on snapchat look I look how
pretty you are come your look oh my god
I am so pretty right yeah ok bye bye
montage Beverly Hills the car is always
so pretty in the cp6
I'm so high in the seat they put you are
always ok the seat weight you my oh yeah
it's just got these roots done they look
so good as always
oh my god my forehead wrinkles are
bothering me I really got in the most
wrinkles lately
okay guys update weird mood still feels
a little weird but I feel a little
better um you know just talking to
people being out amongst the human
living um I feel a lot better um sorry
said I'm 3,000 times but yeah what a
weird day this has been
nothing like crazy happened actually
knows hmm something too crazy but not
happened to me which I love hello good
drama when I'm like not the one who has
to deal with it because there was like
gentleman it kind of did feel a little
weird um but no in the salon today they
have like um a state board or some
inspection thing come and like everyone
had to had their licenses and then they
would be like do you have a container
for the brushes there's a hair in your
brush you're gonna get a ticket you're
gonna get finds that it was like a
really weird um it was really bizarre I
never had seen something like that
before it was like really
really cars just like chillin what are
you looking at
my god teens don't want this
no I can't though anyways um but it was
really awkward because I'm going to
inherit on and they're like interviewing
like where's your license you're gonna
get fine because this has to be this
isn't sanitary and I'm just like getting
my hair done though they're like the
Centurion I mean that's my stylist but
just like the stylist next to me it was
really bizarre hmm I think my sounds had
to go through it too but she had
finished me it was just really really
weird I wasn't but also what was weird
was all the other shadows like this is
like never happened we don't know like
what the system of course is happening
right now we since Carl came in and
everyone was like just on edge just
tight just like wound up you know what I
mean
and it was just really really bizarre
and I was just like I honestly think I'm
like I'm think I've brought the weird
vibes to y'all today because I had weird
vibes this morning and thoroughly you
have no idea what you mean um anyways so
originally my nails is at 4:00 okay so
all right guys let me know what you
would do in this Jewish because I'm Anna
don't really know what to do my nails
are at 4:00 it's 1:05 right now my
cleaning people are coming at 3:30 this
is not crazy okay
so I think I'm going to go home and warm
up a piece of pizza and eat cuz I am
hungry and so I could just stop then
it's like I saw three hours to kill I do
have to go to the post office pick up
packages I could open packages to wait
till time and any gas
which is gonna do and kill time but if I
was overestimate my timing like this
morning I laughed my appointment at
11:00 I left at 9:30 gonna have to go to
the bank and then I have to go you know
but then I had so much free time to just
like sit in tax I'm like I just don't
know what to do
this could just go home real quick I had
left to check and everything for my
cleaners um before I left with it
anything is good but I don't care you
guys like this style I love you like you
don't walk as much and I'm like I can't
blog every day I feel like I talk about
stupid things I do stupid things that
and they're kind of repetitive so like
but it's guys like me walking and
talking about like really none since
literally it's just nonsense I'll
totally do it that decision I love that
this like my biggest dilemma I'm like do
I go home any pizza I eat somewhere out
and then kill time I hate killing time
though I do because I'm really bad at it
and I get really like anxious and I feel
like okay it could be cool to go home
and relax like an hour
eat some pizza
um cuz I learned a vegetable pizza the
other day and all four crew good I got
money in green peppers auntie and so
frickin good and I'm kind of thinking
about that right now Ashley I'm
passionate that but the other thing is
my mate my place is kind of like the
nail salon is right by the hair salon
and my place is like maybe like 20
minutes from it so I was more that I had
to go clock on sunny days or just over
at my house so and nobody cares anyways
ah yeah so that's what we're gonna do
now we're gonna go home and eat some
pizza take care of these nails at under
few hours
it makes record hey everyone welcome to
another episode of cooking we're Trish
where I'm going to warm up some pizza I
mean at home so excited for this piece
of our film somebody likes it relaxing
and jewelry but nothing happen today
let's see what we got is fridge
it smells like peas in there it smells
like pizza not in the best way but it
smells like pizza yeah so I only ate
like three slices but when I got it I
actually like Pizza warmed up better I
swear that sounds crazy I know I think
I'm just gonna have a couple slices now
I really do I like butter this is my
cooking hangout app and I'm putting it
in the oven have eyes I don't know why I
care out of warm especially not that bad
actually today is not bad it's been
literally like hell on earth here
alright thanks for the thanks for the
cutting a scuzzy litoris I also have a
brownie marble cookie thing like so good
I love it too and now we wait that
concludes cooking with Trish for today
the car is making this stupid do you
hear it
nobody was kept I was hearing it I was
like we can feel him you hear it
is it just like overheated I don't get
it like one thing I don't need is my
card puss out on me right now oh it's so
annoying okay
what's even more annoying is I he
doesn't trunk word I'm very strongly
dislike the building I'm in now the
apartment building I'm in because they
don't let you get packages there they
don't let you get back in just there
when I first moved in it was like a
little weird thank you had to go down to
the offices your packages because I had
like a concierge that I collected up for
you and I was okay that's a little
annoying goes you like go downstairs and
get the packages that's why you don't
complain you guys I thought that was
fucking annoying now they don't let you
get packages period it's the fucking
weirdest thing ever it's stupid it's a
huge apartment complex a huge building
it's a luxury apartment complex it's
bougie app a way way more than I've ever
paid anywhere including that big-ass
house more than that like literally the
most expensive place I've ever lived in
LA ever and it's so over to go they were
priced because it sucks it sucks it
sucks it sucks
literally it sucks so bad um yeah
packages don't you can't get packages
delivered there my life is packages so
I'm not kidding and I'm not that ready
and this is why today is a weird day and
I kind of helped out like weird I don't
know this weird vibes I have to hammer
back I'm supposed to be especially my
nail part because I'm not gonna make it
basically the ups and I have to go pick
up is in downtown LA Oh homie there like
a UPS like pickup center like really
close to my house like five minutes and
even the post office is like two minutes
so it's annoying it just definitely
time-consuming but it's whatever it's
right cool
downtown LA and it's 3:40 meaning
there's going to be so much traffic down
there there's may be so much traffic
back but so annoying I rush to order
this and I know I put the apartment
number on there they're like well there
was no apartment number cuz sometimes
UPS will deliver to my door and they
came today and I wasn't there
um and I need it for tomorrow for
dancing and yeah you know if we're not
wearing this dress I don't know how it's
going to fit but it's a really nice
pretty dress and I really wanted to and
I bought it specifically for this dance
and there's a lot of other clothes like
$700 worth of Free People clothes and
honest a to see this package because I
can't have it returned because Free
People is always like running out of
stuff and you have to repurchase
everything online and sometimes you
can't because it'll be sold out online
and it's just like it's just annoying
it's very annoying and so now I'm like
on the hunt for this meanwhile like I
don't know if I nail appointments in a
still be good today or or what it sucks
I'm gonna try be that I texted her but
she hasn't
um maybe it's just called a nail salon
actually
it's just literally almost or anything
on the other no this looks like a
probably a different day because I have
these glasses on
yeah I'm obsessed with these ki-- Quay I
don't know I say I think it's key
because I think this how crispy says it
she's like one of the ambassadors of key
sunglasses
it looks like way it looks like why I
called him quite I think of home boy
forever I think smokey and I said to the
girl of my hair stylist was like I love
him I'm like thanks they're key and she
has clay I was like all I look like why
I should just like way and I'll ask
unity against the house I even proud ski
that's so crazy
I guess like quiche anyways oh my god
that's I'm doing let's hope we'll see
more of this dress ended up working I
actually have two other options but this
is like the first choice option like I
said I don't know it has a zipper on it
cuz it is free people so it's aren't
necessarily a dancing dress so I don't
know if there's if were is it's gonna be
small industry people does sometimes fit
so also knows if it's huge
it's gonna be kind of up in the air if I
want if I even track down this package
if it's there and to if it's even gonna
work for the dance so I'm taking a risk
going down I have to get the package
anyways because there's other dresses in
there and so I might as well just do it
it's my production getting stuff done it
just kind of sucks cuz I do sew up my
nails them so hopefully all work out and
I don't get my nails done not the end of
the world first world problems I know
just I knew today was gonna be a weird
day I'm really kind of over this day
it really kind of M and yeah and that's
where I'm at so that's the update hey
good news one we're almost the UPS place
analytic 35 minutes in traffic not too
bad actually
um and me'll place that Bob clock is
perfect so hopefully I get there by 5:00
and I'll be late for that my main stream
of 1805 Main Street which is a very very
far unless a mile turn left onto North
Alameda Street
on a ministry it's on a main street so
why would I be treating lump on to
Alameda downtown LA is worse don't ever
drive down here don't ever drive down
here it'll like it'll be the worst thing
ever this be such anxiety point three
miles
y ou es-tu I don't know over there
though it's very exciting I don't know
if guys can see over there Alameda left
beard it's where it's taking me on
Alameda Street mmm love on these right
now soaks I wonder if it's like a UPS
Store like a warehouse turn left onto
North Alameda Street take a slight right
turn onto North Main Street all right
back onto Main Street all right
um the definition video lives kind of
close down here as I joke please let me
make this light remember the movie
Corinna Corinna where they blowing like
thank you like
guns on you take a slight right turn
thank me absent that make me on my
Britney Spears at one point one miles
turn right onto clover Street oh my gosh
literally so many directions like can't
even keep up great I'm Clarissa oh my
gosh this area just seeing any of this
like it's just all like warehouse and
disgusting and industry it's just it's
the worst it's source and someone tells
me even when I was like an auditioning
actress and like a job paid $1,200 but
like your audition in downtown LA like
just to see the kids job I want to go it
would give me so much anxiety plus use
the paper parking and the gas not just
like I'm not going I'm not going it's
not worth it like I kind of feel like
that here that's why it drives me nuts
that sometimes I can't get back just
like I said sometimes sometimes I do and
most the time is often more often than
not like they will deliver but my post
office is really close to me with this
the bench what was weird to me as I got
to day delivery last places this is
weird thank god I tracked exam really
bad actually tracking packages because I
usually always get my packages but I'm
really bad at tracking them but this one
in particular Isaac so where we got
today shipping and I ended up checking
and thank God I did because I was just
gonna hope that would be there tomorrow
but it's been here it's just having to
pick it up sound
yeah
the struggle is no
my lips are chapped literally when they
gave me little makeup bag first I
brought two minutes
I'll want to scream and shout and let it
out turn right on Sycamore Street
there's a winery here I would not or the
winery
oh no it's I thought that was like right
there is a I'm not literally the guy
from shit I like look look great right
in this area up greatly okay one turn
right
train tracks ooh rejects scare the
shadow me head-on a wife cool no no no
no train tracks this is like downtown
you're going deep going deep into this
downtown LA come on train tracks I just
flip Oh God
life oh there's the winery San Antonio
winery looks terrible all those
brilliant work
oh no more wine although I did drink
champagne too - why - clover Street
analyzed at your destination
Colburn customer center entrance on
Alton I have been down here before
because this confused me the first time
the champagne was fine not a good idea
but thank God I had the children's out
to molten afternoon
think we're closed guys we're gettin
close to smokes when I win a chicken
walk dinner kay guys best news ever
package was there we'll put it up to
make sure the dress I wanted was in
there it was then take it out of the
packaging so I'm gonna fit we're gonna
worry about when we get home says I have
40 minutes till I get to my nail place
it's 4:15 so if that's accurate about
455 I'd be there five minutes before my
five o'clock appointment so let's up GPS
right hardly ever is we're going to do
positive Jay King to North Main Street I
made it to my nail payment I got this on
my nails there's on the other hand - and
then I got okay
then I got silver on my toes but I am
all about these nails
so funny
but they match pretty much identical
love them so much
