hey guys let's do a little ketchup
ketchup today's a little ketchup day so
we're gonna do a little ketchup here on
the vlogs
there's no woke up with this baby I
popped it I don't knows me I hate it so
much I hate it once right there I hate
zits on my face I don't all perfect skin
at all but like wall muscies are the
worst skin problem to have like I'll
take anything else blemishes no bueno
um okay guys I don't know where the vlog
ended yesterday all I know is my life
ended yesterday my real life my right
in-person life I guess I should say
ended with me throwing up three times in
the car first when we got like ten
minutes away from my dad's house um but
I reckon I'm gonna be sick i'ma secure
hold together so we can like drive away
really always finding bobby pins in my
hair though um so we draw away like ten
minutes thank God we had gotten some
wine and glasses and like other things
at the wineries because they came in
like little like gift bags because I use
this all the way home to pukin to the
first time I shop I use that speaking
because my car is high up it's g-wagen
so it's like high up from the ground and
I don't feel comfortable like a
projectile vomiting that far down onto
the ground you don't even like we just
pulled over on the side of the freeway
and stuff but I just need Phil contrl
accent I need about anybody's I needed
to be closer to me and if we were moving
and he couldn't get over fast enough I
needed bang um and so anyways this is
like a long story whatever but poor Sean
he's gone through this to like with me
before and on his birthday
we had us up with so many bathrooms but
it was the other way because I just
could not like my body which I would
much rather go have to be going the
other way continuously you know number
two then puking is puking hurts the
feeling of it trying to come up and
wanting to him up hurts and I my hair
looks so crazy um and like my esophagus
was killing me this morning like it just
was so raw and doing die and throwing up
like twice and then one time the bank
was in the car with us because we
couldn't like pull over to like what
we're into a say you know below it was
like in the carpet that's the vomit
smell of it um and Sean was getting hot
just to because he was a little sick too
just because of the food we ate with the
combination of all the wine we drank
and my guys don't really drink that much
we were taking their wine little ticket
things and drinking too but we were back
with some fruity wine and like red wine
and wine we like mixing the wines which
is also not good it was just he didn't
throw up in front of me my like you know
my vomit was like making him want to
vomit a little bit I feel so bad um so
yeah then I came home and like I fell on
the floor I need to drink this water it
was just so bad Shaun was like a such an
angel through it because all my home I
thought I was gonna die my heart felt
like it was racing like I honestly felt
like it I don't like obviously a hard
rocker I don't know what feels like to
have our hug but I thought like oh my
gosh you would have a heart attack like
that's what my heart felt like Oh son
thank you and I need to go put eye cream
on too anyways I digress but yeah and
then I got home and puked again I
couldn't even as I started this started
walking through my hallway
I started puking in the back and I think
I'd had that bag and um it was so gross
r.i.p to my Macaulay Culkin phonecase
cover because it was literally in vomit
in the front seat because the bag had
leaked a little bit about to hear that
today is it ketchup day because I gotta
go um on swing video so I'm going to go
and like clean my car felt like the rug
um I'm doing a lot laundry as I don't
hear it I guess it's going doing laundry
and went hanging at my closet upstairs
again I try and keep that pretty clean
all murli's organized I'm trying to
figure out my schedule this week um cuz
like I'm running out of days this week I
don't know a lot of that my special got
really busy and then next week soon be
really busy it's gonna be a short week
for us so um all that I made breakfast
this morning because I was so hungover
at my breakfast and I kind of want to go
back to bed but then I feel like I do
have a lot to do and um yeah so I gotta
do a lot of shit but like all is like
random like I gotta open up packages and
I don't feed my car and laundry like
that kind of stuff today so I did get
dressed and like my workout Nike outfit
because I'm okay I need to be productive
it's like oh game and then tomorrow
being my hair done my roots my nails
and I think that's it I don't know
Michael listen to this new song that me
and Sean might do together
um so good a lot to do I just woke up
like oh my god we hung over it was just
not a good feeling I don't know why and
John's doing so sweetie it's not your
phone like no it is my ball I did this
to myself okay no I honestly just did
not feel drunk or tipsy at all while we
were whining at it I didn't
so go figure but anyway the dealio for
today I've an Amazon box of it I got to
open up so when did that we'll see when
it goes and maybe I'll just you know
turn you guys on sometime when I feel
like you need to talk to someone because
I think I'm gonna be a little bit of a
loner today but I got like because I
need it I need a lot and you get lots on
here so we're gonna open his Amazon box
together and see what's inside
hopefully it's nothing like Wayne like
water I don't know this is probably
really dangerous Widow boxes I wouldn't
do it okay
nothing's exciting I'm so excited to do
this unboxing I got this for my dad and
we actually want yesterday I see my dad
so daddy
actually this he's not watching but I
was Nixon the new version my dad loved
the made-for-tv would like back in the
day picture though and then I discard
one chain which is good actually I'm
gonna be cleaning my
I'm going to be cleaning my closet he
closed up so many for years to what
these mean but okay that was not
fighting
I tried guys I'm not interested my
format is nothing more stable but
selection open carpet upholstery in
fairness I'll see how this goes oh this
is sponsored commercial
all right optimal car all right so
that's the wet spot right there
I think I don't want to touch it it's
not how do you use this I just told him
to spray this the wrong way stain shake
well remove plastic tab did that ship it
upstairs place brush it on the stain
press but really small amount of foam a
brick position spread foam evenly with
burgers overlapping we're just all is a
general area take the juice up to smooth
butter it didn't smell bad actually but
just don't know how that gets clean not
only how does
alright let's take this in oh my
goodness gracious
it is hot outside y'all oh my god so hot
oh dying these are the towels I used to
give my face
this is Sean's towel from the first
night I moved over here I'm gonna find
my towels that he brought towels over
and I love this one because guys have
like the biggest thickest towels ever
girls all varieties pretty pink wise I
mean these are Ralph Lauren so this
one's kind of nice but a lot of mine are
like the cheap beach towels I should
invest it's a nice help
I did actually like this one is a nice
how I invested in I don't know how old
or something that you like don't think
you need spent a lot of money on but
then it's like kind of worth it
but I have some packages to open up that
were in my trunk I think that stain
thing works pretty good I mean it
smelled good and it smelled bad when I
opened it but at the same time it smell
pretty darn good my wash called I go
through so many of these when it's so
hot here to like to body showers a day
and always always scrubbing we need to
post mint in tile so I post made it some
7up I don't know you can see it back
there but my stomach was feeling lucky
also I take two of these a day I want to
mention these in like a favorite public
you see there the ally beauty by not
focusing focus
it's the Olly Beauty hair skin and nails
um I like that had skin in there too
because I've taken like biotin but
sometimes that stuff breaks me out if
it's just for hair growth so hopefully
it'll help some skin too
but anyways so I do two separate loads
of towels I have a lot how old I'm this
cleaner helmet for the next howler
animes so let's go open these packages
and then I'm testing out this new app
it's a sponsorship but it's actually
really really fun um I'll probably be
coming up soon so sweaty we're gonna go
open up these new things also my car we
have the Wiens winery you got to keep
the cups oh my god Ashley first what is
it second wall oh my gosh like so gross
and then we also got matching on plastic
wine cups for when we do Jacuzzi time um
so they don't break and there's like
chocolate in there too anyways open its
purchase so these are packages we are
going to open it try not show my address
so ask you might catch from the address
I'm thinking the best way to do is one
time I'm so sweaty I'm just one team ah
sorry guys like a package into this one
I order a lot of stuff so it's always
like a surprise to me close to the
packaging so I don't wanna I'm getting a
pedicure manicure tomorrow y'all so
don't judge my feet sees my god
oh this is between yet ordered yeah
hey I found this bikini line called
Alexis and it goes up to double de maybe
person really okay and then I had like a
breeze bottom up I wear that sometime
this week so I'll show you guys my can I
put it on I was excited I have to try I
know this one is from the a lion
supposed to be something good so I
opened up the ooh these are my new phone
cases yeah I ordered a bunch actually
inside it'll get closer to show you guys
I'm excited for these yeah you can buy
these on in Alliance too but I ordered a
bunch of those actually did you
giveaways um I'm gonna end up doing that
beats giveaway instead of just doing
like phone cases and my merch which I
know a lot of you like like but I have
to be to be a little like more universal
people want it oh this is cool boy I
feel like different color today I'll
blast that so wha oh my god I'm so
excited so ironic right the beginning of
this vlog I said I was like alright
Peter have a clock in phone case cuz um
I keep all over it mmm what I love lucky
aligns Tuesday always give you like
crystals in case like yours fall oh my
gosh whoa whoa what's appachan I think
now this is quoi yeah daddy issues they
just blink it out it's just something
like I want it and anytime I order
something I always make it available or
they make it available on the airlines
like you know wow I rolled up to my
style but that's quite leaven I better
go check this next to me but let's open
one more hopefully the texting was to
the body sometimes bothers me in
people's videos when the text goes off
and it goes against by Sean he's one of
those people text a lot I row I did you
know he doesn't know it's him because
he's one of the few that do it actually
hate opening packages in my nails and
I'm or my most frequent outs I'm so
wrong Oh
hmm hooters outfit I had idea for a
video I don't know we're gonna do it but
I just got it off eBay you wanting the
tank top to the short so I got a black
and women are funny
so random once again not that's like Mac
dick what my pop can talk as hi cool max
tick
anyway so now I'm gonna go play that
game a little more it's actually really
really is like addicting it's like kind
of stuff I know it's like it's a my
focus and I'll tell you it's actually
it's actually no I've been really liking
it stuff well yeah those and play that
and um catch up on some social media
some snap jabs I've been out for a
minute
ha but sighs cool mmm
ordered some lunch I'm so excited for
this is where my favorite meals its
efficient chips and some diet root beer
yum yum I love this so much it taste so
good as much because it comes in this
like cardboard box but I just watched
Big Brother we're Bridget and Frank are
up on the Block together I'm not happy
about it so now I'm going to be watching
a Lifetime movie and it is called
honeymoon from hell
they met french fries dopa a turn place
on Melrose
Mel Mel from Melrose and called it on
see they Walker can see my movie
yeah
called the village idiot on Melrose and
it is so yummy
laughs oh this is what I'm currently
doing I'm hand-washing all my bras thank
God I have three sinks because I'm
letting these marinate in this sink and
this used to take me forever because I
would have to wait for a sink to be
clear okay then I have more going up my
stairs this is the best workout ever I
always do the bathroom upstairs just
soaked up just so I said climb the
stairs oh my god I can't talk okay then
I have a more broad in this sink these
are my nude bras
there's my robes I've been feeling for
sure you guys anything I have or my
major so snapchat I'm obsessed with
these custom wrap robes okay
and then one of those stairs though
there's another robe and then finally we
have my black robe it says YouTube queen
of YouTube on this one so that's what
I'm doing I'm like out of breath hmm
but yeah that's where my dad got some
more laundry going in lazy day continues
trying to organize all this you guys
should've seen it earlier it's been Oh
that pad was like literally like that
high up to that table so I'm just trying
to organize everything you put things
away for now just get all this cleared
up it's a process it's taken a couple
days just organizing shit but that's
stuff I have to haul shoes organized
just my life all right guys I'm being
bad tonight I have my last load of
laundry in it's dark outside or having
7up and sour cream and onion chips let's
just tribute at Facebook we have reason
watching it's not focusing so it's a
movie on lifetime
what is it even called called honeymoon
from Hell which I don't want more
interesting than it actually is but I've
already started watching it so that's
what I do I have literally just like a
little little bit of towels in the wash
dryer so I'm like almost done it's like
super late and this movies about like
some ghost haunting dislike like
bed-and-breakfast she died of a broken
heart she'll have people who are in love
it's weird I'm doing that I'm just going
on Twitter tonight it's the Democratic
National Convention and I'm just like
along all Twitter now doesn't a I can't
with this right now like Republican
Democrat I don't want to hear anything I
don't anything about it anymore I
deleted my Trump video like I mean I
just don't hear anything about it like
let's just all vote let's all keep the
peace not be offensive let's just you
know alright anyways I'm going to eat my
hippies pull my towels there is
something so we're rushing a lot of can
of 7up it is so good
some of you married he knows about me
but I only eat the double chips out of
the bags you come over the house and
it's nothing bags there'll be any
doubles in there some people call them
wish chips some people call them folded
chips we always call them double chips
every girl in my family loves the double
chips mmm okay update chips is not a
good idea after you've been puking all
day and night no chips I literally feel
and look like shit now bad zit cream
McGruff oh yeah
kidding this hair done tomorrow and
these wrinkles of Botox next week they
have gone so bad what that I have my
flashlight on so weird I'm never logged
in bed before I'm alone tonight and I'm
vlogging in bed alone and lonely mmm
ain't sleeping alone you guys has been a
journey it's been a real Dana life
Church like this is my life a lot of
times it's just like really really
boring but anyways I love you guys so
much and thank you guys for being with
me on this channel being with me in life
not to have a pity party but sometimes I
really do feel so alone in this world so
knowing that I have you know at least a
hundred thousand if you watching this
channel and caring about my life and
what I do means a lot
Oh should I only like eighty thousand
care about what I do by twenty thousand
pyro watching this channel helping my
life is going down the shitter sometimes
it is and sometimes is that we never
know but anyways I'm not sleeping naked
because it is hot like I'm always naked
on this channel and those potato chips
were not a good idea they are not
sitting on my stomach but I feel like I
got a lot done today - that tomorrow's
another busy day but I'll be out about
so hold on Maggiore together but I love
you guys so much and then kiss for
watching that's amazing
my next block okay
