you guys how cute is this blush it's a
rose petals and you just dip your brush
in there and put on your cheeks okay so
after you have some of the product on
your cheeks it's actual blush and it
smells so pretty this lighting sucks but
it's really good and now I'm going to be
using the Too Faced lip injection gloss
gloss in the color milkshake and this
plumps your lips and it gets color but
kind of like flat iron on and for extra
gloss I put on Victoria Secret beauty
rush this stuff is so cheap look at all
see those them lips go I love a good
just nude glossy lip okay we're gonna
order one fuck reversed stop I told Sean
yes right he went to McDonald's about me
yes you did it sounds right okay what
are you gonna get
hey Don
get away from good you want three
cheeseburgers and three french fries
then if it's too early for I'm kidding I
want a burger I want an Egg McMuffin
meal with just the egg and then no
cheese no meat
so a my muffin meal no cheese no need
hello yeah can I get the Egg McMuffin
meal but can I get no cheese and no meat
just the egg all right and then let me
also get
puts trick on that one when you want to
punch juice orange juice a large orange
juice and then let me also do on
gonna get let me do the deluxe breakfast
I think you want to go be friends with
those people I feel like they would like
me I mean look this car would completely
finished should we go be like hey boys
what's up anyways um no Sean was looking
snapchatting at McDonald's yesterday I'm
like what guys pick up what she's doing
right now
no well Sean never goes to McDonald's
with me never he's never gonna come with
me ever
okay and now we're look we're at
McDonald's as he feels bad right you
feel bad so now right McDonald look at
you you look you good Rizal you kind of
like crazy when I first saw you now you
look amazing what happened you just put
the cream on your face where's that
cream let's show it give me in how you
doing oh here this cream okay this is
the cream okay first of all I'm not
kidding when Sean showed up today he
will look a little crazy like he was
sweating he was like a little crazy knew
he look a little crazy
he was rushed because I know he just got
up when I texted him like hey Sean have
you been up I know you were just gone up
when I text him didn't I just got off
the shower but I was sweating his family
I were so hot anyways so but he put this
all over his face and now he looks like
amazing I don't even know I wish this
was sponsored Alba Botanica Hawaiian
oil-free moisturizer oh my god you see
it does commercials for everything I
feel like we should beginning um leaving
space all the time I'll live the Canada
until what if you give a commercial for
it
that would be nice sponsor expensive I
think it's like 17 bucks and it's oil
for a boilie skin so I kind of want to
try it cuz usually I don't like cream
but guys I'm I'm sensitive emotionally
and sensitive scheme he is because he's
broke out on his arm from the jacuzzi
anyways now we're getting McDonald's
because I made a big stink about him not
going to McDonald's with me did you feel
bad though that we're at McDonald's
because I said you never go with me so
now you feel guilty and you kind of
bring me my god no cuz you say that
about everything so I just like this
okay ah take an annoyed with me no I
think you get annoyed with you is Julia
she always has people annoy whether but
really again thank you so much yeah okay
we're gonna eat part me my kidney my dad
day this is so exciting you've never met
me that before
you've never met you dad I never super
sorry meeting em thank you so much yeah
right there so here the driver you're
the captain
I'm captain I'll get happenin captain
mughals okay well anyways I'm on our way
to go wine tasting so we got food first
you guys have never been wine-tasting
I know I'm a virgin oh my asking me
titled this Sean's never he's a
merchants virgin sounds arisen hope you
are Morgan look at that hat definitely a
version with that hat oh my gosh guys we
made it to the wineries this is the
pinnacle this is the whiners are these
all wine is that all wine over there
no it's bananas my god of the grapes is
that great for there yeah well you think
we are
is that grapes over there I know we
should've done that sure whatever words
of that thing I know we honestly should
have we're gonna go eating out this
restaurant and then we're gonna go get
drunk I have my I Love Lucy dress on
because they go stop for great this is
Fabio it's really
Hicksville my dad Sonny excited for your
first time white faces you guys have
number some wine tasting before I'm a
virgin first night first time during
wine eating first time in Temecula so
much excitement gray so I got lobster
mac and cheese you can taste it how's it
taste
is it good amazing he got what he get
baby back baby back ribs barbecue sauce
barbecue sauce and we got some wine here
we showed the luscious lips
let's just let's show the luscious lips
there's the wine and there's our scenery
that we're eating at exactly then people
just fall over
no they just fall over drunk guys we're
at our first winery we're out of
resigner e what is this winery called
you said Alicia Alicia at Wiens wineries
I say a tween yeah Queens winery okay
okay what are we going time you want a
thirst no sparkly yeah yeah bargaining
for sugar oh my gosh I'm so excited
YUM these are all making cheese from
this is our orange sparkling like what
sparking I mean probably sounds it
sounds fruity yeah Oh YUM leave it Hey
we're gonna give you a few cents yeah I
can taste that oh this one's so bad mmm
it's not like I know I love champagne
are you gonna stay away let here taste
this well let you guys can do it though
right Berkeley you want him you want to
get loose to them to see if I don't get
out the whole Kibler you like this
thought I will I'm gonna wait for you
then no Sparkle yeah I think so
so nice in here
mmm this is the orange sparkling
it's a cleanser power Hollywood people
are the same yeah well II drink as much
as amazing of fun right we do thank you
thank you
oh my gosh you do just hold it better
than I do this is my goodbye cheers I
see what do you want it like this
I'll do that Cabernet oh it's a bit
lighter yes a bit bliss I think you like
for me I like a little for a while I
like more football I like a full body
good body but good too what is it when
you get body mean we are really excited
like this is the crew is waiting the
bruising it felt a little drawn I like
that one best where are they it felt
like you throw my glass I like it why
aren't you drinking more of it pictures
yeah oh jeez - Cheers
and shave you guys every time the camera
goes on I want to act way to complete a
British person apparently a British
moron I just want to act like a crazy
rough like a soda pops yeah that's why I
like it it tastes like a fresca I just
start talking mojo is so good how's the
crackers over there - YUM
yeah my daddy told me doing this thing
you feel me doing that you sign a
nondisclosure agreement yes I am for it
okay guys we are on what's how many
glass have we had only one Frankie's
head 12
I see them you know they potato oh we
should perform your son maybe watch we
could do welcome to my playground dude
the Polka yeah Oh God
sham polka yeah I grew up polka polka
come on poke poke
- the Polka oh my god you get the master
he'll go down
let's call Jeanette no right to talk
about shout out to mama weld okay
cheers daddy - cheers everyone thank you
Sharia thank you for your shares coming
up but all you screwed it actually
really good I do love live him he's
actually pretty thirsty because we're
back at Texas low we I succumb their all
time I look at they all karaoke night my
dad yes every day opportunity
yeah every night tonight but they said
Oh har they had tonight was Couture
tonight
I'm so mad Sunday night once these get
up there we go Shawn you always would
not your Beach I at this place of went
to the waitress comes over Alaska can we
perform I would die there you know
probably be started
we can be sorry Shawnee I'm going to do
country will do laughs we're going to do
ha ha rap crap it's not a country a rat
we're doing crack yeah that's what it is
it's a finger that we're tricking
fingers looks like chicken hands yeah
literally chicken here house of my
friends to Shawnee
we got chicken he wasn't ready but
yesterday no chicken fingers your hands
you're not chickening out look how big
your hands I can Union look look with me
but watch welcome Hyrum chicken ham
literally bigger than Shawn
again
you
