thing that fresh blow out by angel there
he is with his big hair angel with the
good hair Becky with the good hair
by golly his little hat dainty dainty
Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean T do
I look like a little boy I feel a little
boy in this all but today like it's like
I'm going to school or something so now
we are picking up
got it get at that Cheesecake Factory
like a Robin y'all just got my spray
with breathe beautiful breeze spraying
me tonight
huge storm picking up some clothes and
shoes downstairs she's huge amount of
the road it's three stories that scares
me to even look down they're like the
biggest things forever
yeah they're gonna be soccer players in
a sense yeah look look at these oh I
like those excited I think it'd be
really good the stylings of hey Zeus
oh hi what do you have back there
gift cards Oh soccer pants but I won't
be playing soccer with the actual
leather ball yogi boys are kind of
different
who are a different texture ball a
different texture ball young your ball
you guys are player oh yeah you do you
don't make us happy I'm a poet area put
in the ponytail this actually would look
better player if you braided your hair
King I'm trying to figure out how to
kill a sauna
we got Jeremy over there with his fried
chickens and have chicken fingers for
him ooh new single out now on itunes
Jeremy Thurber I have fish that's his
new music videos I love fried chicken
chicken that's good though um I got a
fish and chips which is kinda like
chicken fingers except tonight we're
gonna trade some of my mashed potatoes
for your duh oh by the way Bob um he
lost a bet every boy thinks they know
what's up I'm like you texting no no I
want to edit that first off it's a drawl
no he's like no girl he knows he was
wrong that's why you saying that but
never wrong
he lost it so now we're doing the Dare I
would think medium
tonight the air can be black make him do
it there'll be something God says boys
boys nobody needs boys in their life and
I have too many in my life and I don't
be them I don't need any of them that's
too many
bye oh this is Ricky everybody you guys
see him he just shot daddy issues and
now he's off to go shoot another dancer
matrix use it beautiful your model look
I got it folks are each other problem
you John model model oh look at that mom
does everything that's our baby shot
ready ready Oh my kid wait that would be
that would be our baby he's half black
half white away oh goodness
Oh satisfy me buddy this is daddy right
there hey daddy bye daddy love you daddy
what Oh new to me little girl
you
Thank You Charlotte race however thank
you us cheers nice hurry up
same old story boring me the way actin
wet and wet Wow howdy guys that we were
out compadre again I got not just his
time he got his when Uncle Roger I just
made this in the back of it I just made
this a little in the back of the
bathroom oh he didn't he cooked it that
was amazing
I just know I want to volunteer thank
you I can't keep it up I'm starved we
look so good at all no we are eating out
and water again we just enjoy dance
we got daddy so we Josh next step
Mexican non-issue come we got
wait you
we got homework we kind of hung oh my
gosh this has been crazy
these nachos an excellent Mexican creepy
yes Ilana's and not too literally
performing I went by the white elephant
you is wearing aunty em breakfast on
Thursday at noon there's a line D
breakfast or at the front of the line
now but how long have we been waiting
we've been waiting wet paws like 30
minutes 30
this is called the griddle we've been
here before but like this is so worth it
we wait this long thank you sir
we're gonna get pancakes they're
ginormous so they're known for
we're sponsored by Nike today we got our
Nike inspire everybody is making out
nice like you literally make them out of
everybody they actually run you're
killing it look at that that was on
those are I can do it by night okay
there you go oh yeah stomp or something
oh you ain't dabbed at the end I'd like
a little dab yeah well you double go
like exercising with angel this morning
oh my gosh those pink cake see why is
our meal this is so worth it
all that cardio really old
all right so now angels right hi okay
ever Rose asked what people driving cars
they really need driving but I was about
asking but guys love driving so that's
why I'm Aikido driving this way I feel
like I'm suited to drive this car
because like I I do like guys what do
you see a guy on the Pacific ideas he's
back there it is chillin with his
beautiful hair we just a role so full
and I actually honestly I gotta feel
like I can go to sleep I'm ready by hey
sleepy today
Roscoe I know I don't know how about
Hank Oh talk about know
let's talk about something that's huge
this summer it's actually huge every
summer and it's a classic no one will
ever get tired of it especially women
and game in China or Jersey the other
hand you already know can we get what is
like I not you're never going to go out
of style and it's never going to lose
people's interest at all how does that
wait what was your guy sees what do you
think it was
those never go out of style 110 you
think Ken I think he says a short shorts
what was the answer how we're going to
take basketball shorts close to he's
like 10 so basketball shorts because
they come in all shapes and sizes I did
you say you know that's a good fastball
story baking yeah it's a really special
collective people watch look at his hair
right now I was like getting blown by
this AC it's so funny we just amped
rather than
of course our cruising mo GA what's your
favorite McDonald he does not McDonald
what's your favorite pickup hang him up
and we talked about those meetings were
like we love the sausage food weapon
what do you like
sausage egg this kid
that's a look at your hair first of all
you're like feeling it too like you're
getting blown yes he's Brittany today is
amazing oh you know it's Alex well my
favorite at mcdonnell's would definitely
be the sausage and biscuit with the
strawberry or grape jelly inside and a
hash brown Oh hash browns like at 3:00
hash brown there I go I love that well I
get three sausages want to feel Russia
could you not have the hash browns and
biscuit another this and the dollar man
in the eye and if you want to feel
bruiser you get the luxury Oh what is
that
they cut with pancake bacon and um
McGriddle bread I think
really Nikki dollars five bucks so it's
definitely not healthy
anything by darling
hopefully by Jerry
oh no that's a whimsy of melting organic
Jerry know everything you know lay if
it's organic it's like about like a sec
it starts off high the bidding price
starts off a dollar thirty nine for one
side the bread I want like a bread it's
true that's why it's expensive stay
healthy out here like everything's so
expensive I guess that's why everyone
mistake out here too
yeah no it's true if you guys want a
good cheap place to place because a that
was it was so cheap like their breakfast
was like I thought was gonna be so fun
to me to all assumed I was like so cheap
like that's actually not bad cuz I know
some places we go and like expensive but
that one is like worth it and you get a
lot of food is like really go it was
really really really really reasonable
yeah that's what we like going there
yeah or considering the area that is him
to buy it booty and the cream barbecue
boys I don't we send us but like that
one was twenty dollars for one person
all-you-can-eat though like you can
shove us so much in your mouth in that
place is so good you don't get good
vloggers to go to one of those fruit
stands and get some fruits because I was
what I've never been and I've never
gotten from there but it looks good but
we have my house offensive fruit is
where I'm sure those stands are sheep
right there party
yeah but they're not it juicy furnitures
I don't really know the difference we
like good for a bathroom
hello what Mexican 1x again so I know
the different waste of mangoes like a
lot of the mangoes are very dry here
yeah look at that line up pinks somewhat
summer boys holy jesus an angel oh hi
oh yeah you're good or holy jesus I see
what is like a laugh yeah I like it they
didn't sing for though we've got this at
breakfast they were the og like eating
show people like from like 2 years ago
really get your half ago they're like on
the bed he's a shitload of snaps and
everything and just like talking to
Cameron like powdering their faces with
no lenses Jack you better check it out
and then their latest one was was the
print luge across Christian stream it
got a sign yeah oh yeah
oh it's not even going pop ha ha ha I
don't you haven't seen anymore I really
don't I'm like Oh animal or animals
happening I don't care to know what's
happening I've done a bit yeah yeah
we're just teen what heya what is hyah
oh yeah oh yeah look at you get the
beauty enchanted Dolly Parton concert
yes we're going hard October wait after
her first or wet
just sold-out show I know we got to get
so early we got tickets back in May we
were that excited we're so freaking
excited yeah that was our thing we're
gonna say me she thinks little spear all
right yeah whoa
no that was pretty good actually that
was better than gonna dance but my
sounds like it take the wings off but
you have a passion behind a little
sparrow passion all right now speaking
of bird oh we're gonna fly Blackbird
here you gotta fly
we are you gonna fly we what is that
ain't no room for pain
something like that it by arm together
movie with him
yeah Blake anyway there's a documentary
on it actually one for a dick an Oscar
or golden glow it's called black bird
it's called my snaps proceed on your
nose the finger name I'm gonna stamp set
that see if anyone knows the song
go ahead Blackbird how to suffer safer
you got hurt
who suffer Bambi is something it's like
the car show this is like the vlog show
of the Holy Trinity that's kind of a
thicker lamb don't judge that singing
stories - that's not funny - laughs
right there anyone else no no I think my
life can be so embarrassing especially
if I go to a boozy plate I got it like
forth
yeah a Sampaguita like close to black ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha don't do that
murder push out more booty than you got
that on Sam check its underwear but
they're always yummy snacks you guys
excited yeah all right you guys Jeremy
thinks will be over this shirt after
forward I think with a layer look hey
guys these are the shirts of the boys
out there men's and they're so ugly what
we kind of love them sexy I think we
said it could be sexy for a girl
I'm also gonna get this pink book bag
and these pink t-shirts I love shopping
the men's section so cute just we're
just we have the Grove and look we run
into Sam Visser his friends come we're
like what the heck
hey I got somebody I don't see if you up
to 50 MUP and uses like tricks piano to
this wedding love and haven't seen in a
minute little kitty leg oh yeah
my pants are coming off it's hot it's
hot in LA and my AC is broken and this
is what I bought at Topshop went to the
Grove and I got um matching shirts for
me and bear pink like these whole ones
it's actually like men's shirts I
brought a lot of money shirt I should do
like a whole Topshop pop yeah that's
really cute look big - and then I got
some I do get those satin shirts if you
guys thought my snapchats I got the
satin shirts - so anyways pants on the
floor
I was looking me forward a phone always
losing this I swear where I literally
just had at my hand like how could I be
losing this like I'm actually losing my
mind - where's my phone your eyes I
legit lost my phone I just had exciting
pictures of the shirts then Sean turn
him up Christmas lights up here
my focus I don't know goes when there
was actually really really good actually
I liked it and I made a video saying how
I was like not excited about it like a
little while ago but anyways I am tired
I'm also hungry cuz I've been eating so
much lately so much yeah
evany so much lately and um and being my
period he did it really sweet tweet and
I might cry while I was out um he said
on the tweet um I can't see it FBF my
favorite video I've done with my
favorite girl at fetus playground for
flashback Friday um gonna make me crimes
like does I think does the I love you I
mean would say I love you do but like
anyways it's a hat in LA so I'm kind of
being on if I should just go to bed
Pisa I'm like really hungry lately wise
I've had like four meals today and
that's not like me if I eat a big meals
like a big meal like that's it like I
don't even know and I feel I've been
telling me I've been like looking like
I've been losing weight and I feel like
it but I feel like that coward can't
stop eating so see we we just order
pizza but I really only do have like two
slices of it so I feel like let's look
at guilty but then I always warm it up
and then I feel guilty anyway that's hot
my air conditioning says change the
battery I don't know how to do that
check go figure it out oh the sweats up
tonight just from wild fox you my bra
off goes home it's with a bra as I
figured out how to take it off the wall
i'ma being so domesticated independent
bitch tonight maybe except these nails
so much fun and what this fixes I don't
think this is in fixed year the ears -
oh my gosh my hands look terrible mmm
get on out all right so I got batteries
now just to get you all of you you
always keep a bunch of double-a
batteries like I think people always
need batteries and we never had on like
when I looked at my mom my sister we'd
always need batteries and we never had
them so now I just keep on four times
like this all right I know this point
like not a big deal and you're like oh
my gosh you're just changing batteries
like who cares but to me it's a big deal
and guys it's a big deal
wait why me huh my using this going in
okay there we go
I am literally sometimes the stupidest
person you think oh my gosh my phone is
blowing up hmm I need this
alright let's go see if this works I am
a fixer-upper that's what I do
I took this off the wall and I think I
put it back on
there's cool on cool setting let's try
that way down I don't know let's hope it
works
hope that works mother lives oh forgot
this was on you guys Friday night big
brother bonus item I don't know I was
wrong it's gonna make this pipe that I
got so much more enjoyable I'm so
excited for this night
I know some young another fan pizza
whatever was so good tonight with this
pizza tomorrow I'm seeing an old friend
some no blocks back today if you can
guess who it is
although you may not see if you see me
on snapchat so yes it is
we're watching the big brother I'm gonna
eat this pizza I love you by Heinrich
locket if you're watching these measures
okay guys
