you guys this shirt is everything so
many bad motherfuckers in this snap
Macaulay Culkin Bill Murray and Trish is
another freaking hot day today in LA so
fucking hot got my packages off to lunch
with an old friend okay so I teased on
Twitter yesterday that I was going to
meet an old friend from the blogs for a
lunch I haven't seen him since New
Year's Eve who do you think it is
waiting for some packages Mary Jean
always my Friday I make them in public
just post office today I'm gonna have a
lunch of my friend kale that was a
surprise that wasn't a surprise guest um
you guys run fork and I'm really excited
to go eat lunch with him and catch up we
have talked on before much time together
since New Year's Eve so I'm really
excited to see him for the lunch they're
not too many today also people on
snapchat we're saying my boobs look like
they have shrunk they have gotten
smaller um they have not gotten smaller
I just stopped wearing padded bras I
used to wear padded bras a lot and now I
just wear literally no no no Patti no
support well I mean support but no shape
or anything like that so that's why they
look a little smaller because I'm not
wearing 5,000 pounds of padding because
I always wanted huge huge today so
anyways I thought that was important
enough to vlog real quick but on my way
1 million followers on Instagram I just
wanted to Jeremy and kale and kale
thinks it's him he's like I put you over
a million you said that you said it you
might have yeah this is going on beat
YouTube my battery's about inside but
guys look he never did leave we have
been friends like I told you guys we
have been friends but we're busy people
still yeah I've been been watching all
your successes this year without me
no sobbing I'm gonna do music and I
think we should do a duet we should do
like a rock song together do it you I
don't even know it vegan chicken
Kailas back y'all in the blog I was so
excited so we're gonna have a day
together we're gonna we takin my
Instagram he's like oh my god social
overload review social media night is
real it feels so good the low-carb
cheesecakes one of us ordered the red
velvet cheesecake he likes you to things
he ordered that way to me and some of
that I know kale and you are going to me
look how good you like this is this
cheat day
why is everybody why does everybody have
seniors with me everybody I was mighty
ganges' I looked red in my everybody's G
dick for like to eat okay am i that
friend
and what every day as a teenager maybe
that was let's go crazy i'ma go whatever
we're going to eat some of this is no
exam this what's happening
that's like kale and fresh oh my gosh
the most beautiful part of Nordstrom
Giada
his favorite ham brand a perm
but you can it top we're gonna move on
Stanga this one is so last season
correct like this is what we're doing
late look at this starter team it we've
been doing this for literally half hour
I know but I wouldn't do it by myself
but doing it with somebody it is
wouldn't you know wouldn't you your dog
need a whoop huh
woof this is like desperado what hang on
let's get the our favorite ones where
does our characters names right here
yeah my aunt
this is fanny pack we're fanny pack your
fanny or I'm pack together we are fanny
pack
oh my god I'm fanny so serious sue me I
got some of my nose Oh
layups really let me get it out yeah ah
we've become old because we're watching
the news for entertainment I'm always
snapping you that we're watching the
news for fun it's very hot hey meets
Bradley Cooper over there
it's not doing how many people is this
going out to go not 300 thousand yard
thousand yeah baby I am how to get three
heart our you know showing on my boobies
boobies always can you believe this is
what we're spending an afternoon doing
so what would you for fun 2016 get with
the cam time for a haircut
I'm gonna cut kills hair I'm gonna shave
it all off or I mean I saw what kind of
it is to PD PD
