oh my honey guys I'm so sore I was like
literally one of the hardest dancers
ever um but yeah we're going out to
Korean barbecue giant with angel and
he's ooh I don't know weird outfit I
don't know what like I feel like the
dress should be shorter since I'm
wearing a jacket I don't know I wanted
to be comfortable I want to be able to
eat a lot but I still wanted to kind of
go with my vibe of my makeup so this is
a good thing from Jack Van AK which you
can't see the back but I'm the kind of
obsessed with it I kind of really love
it cuz I was gonna wear this like okay
like I was just I mean that obviously
looks sexier and better but like I don't
know I thought maybe like too much right
like it's too much I don't know so me
and Sean are going out he's coming here
and we're gonna drive and pick up angel
his ooze and go to cream Barbie I've
never been a Korean barbeque word my
jafek oh hello I've never in a Korean
barbecue so it is my first time I'm so
thin and cleanin but yeah got my combat
boots I think it were these when me and
Tom to our Lobster for the first time we
saw each other after like ones and not
seeing each other and my sex choker so
yeah make up state an attack I just
touched up a little bit and I loved it
so much so that our show you guys a
quick boat eg hey guys we literally wait
two hours for Korean barbecue this is
angel Daisy's his favorite place
is always talk about displays we waited
three hours yeah and we are trying what
is on there now when we have
brisket we got brisket chicken and what
else
Oh Kagome what is that what is foregoing
yeah and we have all these little sides
like really exciting guy now like this
is amazing you love it
you have to remember everybody in the
table yeah they give a round of applause
to Tricia ah being for trying something
now something
she's eating vegetables no it was not
you much I was yes salad shut up you put
it down that it ended like no I know not
asked over to a salad you should know
better you should know better not do all
right
they're cooking in there but
everything's okay don't go
oh that cool look if you're gonna cook
it no I'm not gonna go right so here you
go we're leaving clothes and everything
oh yeah yeah oh my god you're doing such
an amazing job
oh my god
straight up yeah Lady gaga
I love you but we're sending back this
is all about Lady Gaga vlog we're all
gonna just talk willing to go the whole
time
I'm about to eat your dress okay guys
we're doing a live TV show right now a
live we wanted everybody to enjoy their
food so much so hazy see what the idea
of passing that around to see them put
it in their mouth ready okay a big bite
on camera so I'm a big number one go I
am I'm look finger put on the meat let
me get my chopstick guard oh fuck what I
they need more meat put on bed but I
feel like I'm gonna fall all over me
fucking
want me to vote it now I got this shit
didn't even get it on me it's not
happening it's like sucking again listen
to me like a two-hour show about it I
got the hang of it now you love it
you're loving it already
I'm already once again revisit my is it
mom
do you have a little little kiss to
camera your turn honey all right this is
random beep stop making love I got a
little meat here I have a meat meat I'm
kidding I have made here I have all this
crazy-looking shit this is my first
here's this shit China I'm gonna dip it
in this orange shit and then I'm going
to eat all of the game
that's our eating show and now you were
sexual with your and you are pretty
sexual i am i think this beat now you
know the jail for right so struggles
Emily's not coordinated but whatever I'm
going to have it okay ready
alright that was a group of fun
eating show wait oh let's go with yours
a pose
come on against chill out okay but
there's helicopters in fucking chairs
you with three huge strong men well I
don't none of you are gonna protect me
anything up actually I feel like a zoos
would actually feel like Angel one okay
okay go roll that up okay okay hey guys
we're doing a TV show part two had
talked about around - we got Shawn and
the drivers we are going from Koreatown
to talk to Mexico Thailand Mexico Mexico
okay we can't see you come up in the
light you see me Oh angel come on I'll
find your light I bother yeah there you
go hi everybody
Hey oh we're gonna stop by is excited so
excited yeah you have hot cinnamon a
delight so Cinnabon delight remind
Eliezer you never had them you've never
had it
nope have you had it you haven't but you
don't really care I had the real
Cinnabon no you're not help but he's
trying to be different from all of us oh
yeah he's trying to be okay I'll meet in
a bun because he Sue's has a Cinnabon I
love that I need advance I have no
Cinnabon so I'm betting you have lesson
about you I'm at me could you do this
another mine white juicy white um we are
going to talk about what do we say
that's already whatever yeah yeah so
we're oh right look at yes and we're in
a really good area cuz there's
helicopters flying no we're in crunch
all right
we're in crunch okay where are we are we
aware Koreatown on Englewood okay can I
just give a shout out to holy jesus an
angel channel like I feel like you guys
need to start making videos again they
do they do we need so much I need their
own to lead your television show they'll
be fucking everything that we're all of
it Oh drama so much shower go be animal
oh yeah oh my god that would actually be
dramatic as the drum of everything so
we're gonna try something about that
thought we're gonna be getting up there
quickly as I turn it on but we'll turn
on windows show the cars in front of us
so you see the license plate so you can
get stopped
can you not be bossy yeah yeah bossy
bossy bossy I got the cops yeah probably
now that's scary
drama drama suspense this is let's
continue to be continued ready okay
we're all trying it at this thing at the
same time ready are we gonna video it
yeah what's up literally the video is
going on we only open Italy open already
okay everybody times ah feel I got to
get away I got you boom boom okay ready
guys didn't mind the lights here we go
here we go everyone's good everyone you
have one everybody phase everybody reach
in and grab a ball ah hi I am gum Oh nah
no major
my god it's like a burst to love you
yeah it really is good
you're the gun you guys love it holy
fuck that's my own I'm gonna what do you
think Italy updating I'm trying
he's taking it all that one I've taken
it in right now chicken I'm good
taking it in what we do so what do we
all say have any um stars out of 10
stars room oh man what is it normally I
don't know I'd say
I think Han I love them I'm obsessed
with these things I think I'd say like a
9.75 like maybe like 9 9 is high like i
wouldn't do it i yeah i want to do it
again because it's missing i don't like
about a small scoop of vanilla ice cream
on top and then the only soul yeah
that's what's missing we love the otago
Taco Bell
