hey clamp a on what's up oh we gotta
wait dancing I am the happiest when I
dance like it I mean I shouldn't have
nothing to do it John because I mean I
really do love dancing mashaallah day I
have so much fun dancing with him
because I think he really gets me
uncomfortable around here so I think
that's why I happen but like dancing in
general like even when I was dancing
with Sean or just you know dance with
other people like I just I really do
love dancing like it feels so good it's
like such a good expression for me it's
such a way to get out every in every
emot-- all emotion every emotion that
I'm feeling and whether it's like a
romantic dance or angry Deion's or just
a dance in general like
all my emotions come flooding out it's
like a really crazy thing to me and I'm
really really happy to go dancing and
I'm so excited and I'm so like I
honestly think like I think there's a
lot of reason shocking in my life but I
honestly feel like this is a huge reason
why he in our life is to introduce me to
something that I love so fucking much I
had no idea I loved it this much like I
said yes I was a little girl I really
liked it um but it brings me just a lot
of like peas and like like just just
good energy and so I guess that's why
I'm always really happy when everybody
dancing anyways I don't know if you guys
look care to know all that but um we are
dancing to Marilyn Manson today and my
makeup is like kind of ivory oh man it's
like pretty but it's still like inspired
by Marilyn Manson shake I show - Lee the
picture submit is it like a Red Bull
taste test at home well birth McGee over
here Dave um but I showed her the
picture of Marilyn Manson like with this
blue eyeshadow like you know in the
crazy contacts it's like you know
traditional Marilyn Manson right um it's
like it has no yes to like no I brush
like you a high brow so I'm like yeah
like I want to be pretty but like I want
Marilyn Manson I honestly want to go
crazy one day and do like actual marrow
man to makeup like cooking no eyebrows
just like messy and sham you she did
like a pretty version of like the black
like the ombre lip and stuff but yeah
we're doing a male and Manson dance
stands are really really I know I put
the lyrics on the picture that I posted
on Instagram and I know people are like
only those women really respond well it
is as long as he did a cover of it I
know it's not like an original song of
his um his original songs what tainted
love is like okay it's like a bidding
one of you know what I mean you know I
mean um so I was just I thought I don't
also seem to one day I was like this
would be kind of really fun to dance to
actually um so he had no left turn
laughter um so yeah so I'm really
excited and that's what we're doing say
we're dancing and then we're atropine
BBQ tonight with angel and he is like a
little doubleday I'm so excited
um yeah life has been life's been good
life's been happy again I don't know
it's you know it's it's always up and
down Rafi but while it's good I got a
yoke I'm so feel well it's great hands
when I need I don't know my being pale
if it's like winter and everyone's pale
but everyone so fucking tan in the
summertime they're like nice again
thumbs up if you're a pale person though
and don't mind being a pale pale
motherfucker
my girls like I never noticed anyone
else's penis by the way so no I have no
one thing to Annette's hands not a form
like you helping work Rosie I never
noticed any ones like this one's like
I'm so white I don't my little boy to me
not I mean so many people don't even
notice I don't know maybe they do
because I'm also kind of really tan
sometimes I'm really not but I'm
blabbing so we're about to go home
I feel wet or even our room we move to a
shower into my children's like hours ago
um oh my mom's calling all right I'm
gonna go okay
uh wait you guys oh that's our
choreography today here demos I come
look at this guy to start everybody
always like Tony should use toriel so we
talked about some real quick we're ready
doing it beautiful my little lady looks
look how beautiful she looks I love what
she wears it for me I didn't say
anything I love when she wears this
amazing effing makeup and look at her
legs
our boots look at her she is one hot
cookie it's brand-new we'll do a
tutorial yeah we'll do a tutorial so
basically what happens is
you're on the floor like this that's the
foreplay that we do we fucking crawl to
a camera hi Ricky
hey Chucky it's like this is not like
this is not the strength to do tricks
the Rickster
yeah don't milk it my YouTube is YouTube
that is / is my type of life 100
what's always grabs Pokemon video anyway
it's it's my typo life if you go to
Instagram yeah hey I hope you guys
enjoyed our what the tutorial gonna be
called the Rollie pollie that's the
words it's gonna be called how to hello
pearl do you like more how do you poor
boy you know this is honestly how you
foreplay
Pournami put it down like your penis
ready put it where your penis is this
Niekro this how foreplay which on ready
yes it is legit oh just turn 2 a.m.
Julian Shawn had to we had it all
finalized exported and then ok
he had addictive side effects a CI to go
through individually move it but how
many days did this take you honey look
at this so anyway this is let me explain
you person will talk about it well this
is his new music video broke through
holes when he shot entirely on sap jab
when we were not talking and I wouldn't
you started talking you showed me this
was like what the fuck are you doing
with your life but I love it so much
it's so funny it's on his youtube
channel now if you're seeing this okay
wait how long it take you to shoot how
long does it you that is oh no I'm not
focusing as a puppet of air there's you
guys it was um hell but I love snapchat
and I love acting like an image
bastard an immature fun vesser's I want
to airplane you guys um how long did it
take
it took me five almost six days to shoot
not like having out over five hours a
day but the problem was every time I
went to do this I planned out like the
outfits and everything and with the
filters like the mouse you know the hey
guys this is so on real quick with it
okay
it just downloaded all right come on yes
son of a beep yeah it's so crazy I want
I thought it was like you're you know
what's so crazy why's he has is done
right like a month ago like a month ago
he showed it to me yeah you know when
you
so good oh wait was it he was high he
was having Moses edited and like
literally like days before he's gonna
put it out Jimmy Fallon Ariana Grande
put out one now look I promise you I
swear to God that my friend who does my
graphics his name's James he came up
with this he woke up in the morning he's
like Sean your snapchat is stupid crazy
he's like you need to you need to do a
music video with snapchat I was like
this Billy
Billy's not really good friend Billy um
we doing day where should the music
video he's like what I said I got my
cell phone I got my costumes were ready
to go I Grover's house I show him what
we're doing he's like what the beep what
the hell it's like a story time right
now it's really time he's like what the
hell oh man and so we ended up starting
to it and it was held because depending
on how close I was to the camera like I
couldn't see myself so depending on how
close I was to the camera the face would
fall off or the face would stay on it
was 287 clips and I'm second snapchats
into a three and a half minute video the
funny is nobody hated me over sing at a
singlet life that people think you don't
auto-tune everything go taking me over
100 120 hours Dave it his whole entire
life has been suspect okay guy like that
oh wait don't be that class my makeup
looks good yeah yeah that it goes um
some guys just sound like shit chill in
the morning sir ma'am
yes yeah yeah yeah correct
awesome um hold on
where did we get the song - I'm sorry
Barney
- so it's 2:00 in the morning I sound
like no water can render that was
fucking them extra coulis I'm not afraid
they're a little shitty bud you guys
looking like 15 yeah it's so good you
like this - I hope you like them - make
us my face many resin I can make up I
have in my favor like I love what she
does you might look like this looks
really good why are you telling me
things why are you putting the air
because I because I want to mess it up
wait need lipstick um we shot a really
dope video today oh yeah man okay so you
didn't check out these videos right your
cup first broke the rules no quickly
that's not that's not first daddy issue
okay first dad okay we know yeah first
daddy issues second broke the rules
third rt2 love video that we just did on
our Channel and forth which to the
fourth video peas if we're in a video
for them to go see look pick a random
video for them to go see goosey oh oh
she doesn't short film it gets worse
I'm in that Harry Potter oh you want to
go for the funnies
okay um I don't know just just go watch
Shawn video just angle and I'll tell you
guys off go on like watch only Trish's
videos why do you need to watch a video
you can learn about fashion makeup you
can learn about sex toys on your vagina
you can learn about so many important
things in life
yes x-rays on Shawn's vagina
hey I know guys do growling my this
Thanks
okay literally does he have the back I
know my arms game oh my god wait wait
why is there fucking why it was this why
is that like that
why it was like that earlier no cuz
earlier you get my knife you drew blood
and you're like I'm leaving your blood
like I really wanted to do that he was
like gosh yeah
stop it you love it Oh cute there's a
picture on his laptop of his mom cuz he
is definitely a splitter it's just like
grabbing us it's the fucking so cute
like I love it I love my parents shout
out to them alright let's make sure this
shit works now oh good night I don't
know why this looks crazy also dunno
what my makeup oh I look crazy okay
alright good night you guys
I woke up with the craziest bruises this
morning some dancing yesterday they
actually hurt the worst like down here
like on my knees and shins and then here
my arms actually kill me and I actually
have any bruises on my arms just I feel
like this one and there's one on my
upper bicep so I'm about to get a spray
tan to cover ease up I'm not trying to
be like grows and be like here's my
crotch but like everyone's like you can
have like nasty rough stacks like what
how do you have rough sex I was like
like yeah this is my rough sex life
bruises if I had a rough sex and this
left bruises from a dick banging on my
thighs like that I would be the first
tell you but something and then I asked
like how would you even get bruises
there from sex and like his hips and I
was like oh I don't like his dick would
be like slapping with eyes like if your
hips thrust into you okay
anyways those are going to be bye-bye
because I'm about to get a spa right and
so my music video is officially out and
every time I have a music video come out
I literally keep that whole day open
just to respond to Twitter
snaps instagrams Facebook's um but
mostly YouTube comments I love
responding to comments on YouTube I
write my own of course but I always
respond to people on YouTube and I
really like it I like pretty much all
feedback I mean if there is someone
who's just like hateful and just
spreading hate or just being stupid I
will probably block them I mean I do
sometimes
um respond but to like the negative ones
but not really I don't really to give
them attention if they're really stupid
I just delete but yeah so I'm doing that
same like it's crazy I actually posted
this like late last night so maybe
around like 5:00 4:30 in the morning and
if you can see it's like 10:00 in the
morning so it's what that's like five
hours and 120,000 views when I woke up
this morning is crazy so anyways if you
haven't seen daddy issues this happens
in the beginning it's out now I'll link
it below I'm like so proud of this music
video and I just I love hearing what you
guys have to say about it we put so much
work effort and time into this this was
like at 4:00 a.m. I was so tired I just
woken up from a nap and my doctor Andrew
spit me in the face with a straw anyways
check out daddy issues if you haven't
already and yeah that's what I'm doing
today
