guys I'm about to clean these makeup
brushes um I bought all new makeup
brushes when I moved because I threw out
my other one so I actually haven't
cleaned me since I moved into my
apartment which is March 1st so they're
pretty dirty I don't do my makeup every
single day maybe like couple times a
week so it's still gross and dirty so
it's about time for good cleaning I'm
obsessed with these brushes I just got
these like a couple weeks ago there the
more morphe brushes the crystals I love
them so much these are actually my
favorite to apply makeup with - they're
so for kind of soft like I'm obsessed
with these so okay I get to which
alright guys I am about halfway done not
even halfway my back is like really
killing me standing up and watching
these brushes struggle of being a girl
thumbs up if you hate washing makeup
brushes I have all these I want to clean
um as well also I wanted to point out
that I use dishwashing soap now to clean
with makeup brushes my makeup artist
sorry she was actually cleaning her
makeup brushes here one day and she was
using this and I was like wait what and
she was yeah it actually cleans your
brushes the best which is crazy because
it's cheap and it's easy and um so I'm
trying for the first time on these
brushes and see how it goes when I take
a little bit of a break but that's some
progress okay everybody knows if you are
watching Trish's life
I got clearly choose that food hi drew
hi oh it's not a snap I thought you said
oh sorry okay mom forum you have
something to say Longhorn gonna move
things oh yes oh he's over it um
Garrett's got food over there Garrett
what's up yeah I'm otaku Shane doesn't
have been
yikes
you look amazing you look amazing
machine is Shane Dawson elbow left
question mark next release my question
mark on his forehead or no Shane did a
video where he called initiated he's at
in my upper father hey we get the answer
I go on that day no nothing else like
that like just Shanee did Shane eat me
out oh I love that but we need a
thumbnail with your head human done
right there oh I don't know
I smell a little bit gathered as fYI I
have a bacterial infection
yeah I fell myself a little bit today
realest bitch on you yeah
keepin it wanted my dream for real I got
my piece most cuz I had asparagus tan
and I didn't know it I skied and I was
like oh my god so really
I can't wait to see one of this makes it
into the everything we're going to go
and review it in the screening room with
the director where you're like talking
about like what is your pussy what are
you I feel remove any effect remember
that one night he came over before Karen
Carter we were like I kept one in the
bathroom every 10 minutes I didn't get a
UTI I think I did that I was doing that
lately where I let her locate all my I
get up and I see and it feels like I to
be but I don't write the night is oh
that's good
sucking on your dick with a dirty mouth
yeah literally you knew I only have the
dirty mouth to meet them give a dirty
dick
oh yes you have a dirty dick my balls
are very clean but even after a shower
like an hour later I'll smell my balls
yeah my - my vagina's like that I think
if I were so much we're good friends
were so much alike kicking balls Mike
you're fuckin not eating company so
let's get my 28th birthday plan is to
die of an amazing I mean no I've already
almost done that I need a wee
hey guys is chilling with Trish
hey guys go get daddy's on iTunes now
hey guys yeah it gets worse on um
literally free drinks
drink one what can I say I have daddy
issues fun I do that and drink number
two what can I say I have jungle fever
what can I say oh um this is happening
so crazy we came out here like what the
fuck would I go for a walk were like
maybe nah I'm gonna go find the culprit
they're chasing
buddy it's like those are you like
fucking creepy
like watching birthday to you happy
birthday dear Shane happy birthday to
you
Queen alright guys this is how we're
eating this cake literally know for what
it mean
