is a hot one in LA today hey guys I just
found out some super duper exciting news
and of course like every youtuber I
can't share it with you but I am I'm
really excited that I am really excited
about all this um I don't even tell much
more but I'm in a really good mood
because I found out some really exciting
news um and not only that I get to see
Sean's new place today I'm really
excited about to UM he's cooking dinner
he's cookin steaks our first date
recreated I'm so excited um yeah I skin
steaks and I in love when Sean cooks we
always like glossy but like I love when
he cooks the keys I love when I don't
know I think it's so nice when people
cook for me um I never take it for
granted I was like the worst whatever
which is food is good but it was like
the worst food ever I still really
appreciate people cooking for me I don't
know cooking is such you guys I'm
extremely I don't like lock this shit
hahaha no you don't know me in soda cook
I don't know maybe I'm just like think
about me as I appreciate like literally
like the littlest things like someone
could just be like someone could like go
through a Donnell drive-thru and get me
a diet coke Aruba for thought you know
we're like okay I'm that kind of person
but I'm a bad way to be right I don't
know people think weird they're like out
if she gets out excited I don't know
whatever anyways I'm talking a million
miles a minute because I am in such a
good mood um I'm actually gonna pick up
Donuts to bring over tonight cuz it's a
cool little donuts and then I'm also
going to go home and film like a donut
like mukbang sort of thing I don't know
like spoil my dinner or anything but I
really haven't eaten all day and I saw
have like like six hours before I have
to go over so I feel like I'm gonna go
drive um I'm also going to Neiman Marcus
real quick um because there's no that
bag saga whereas like oh my god this
purse I got the dowsing McQueen person
like do I return it is it Cuba I'm going
to go because they have the smaller size
they're like I'm going to go and just
compare the two um because if they have
the smaller size I won't feel as guilty
about returning so you guys know I hate
returning shit I hate returning shit um
so if I exchange it I'll feel a little
better because I did want small one so
anyways those are my adventures of the
day and you guys are coming along with
she forgot y'all upstairs once again cuz
I always love make what I always charge
my vlogging camera at nighttime and it's
like in the kitchen so it's like not
really like a convenient place to just
grab and go um so I did just um I forgot
but I went back up to get you guys
because I do not walk you nuts
in the middle of an intersection holy
fucking shit sorry everybody
ah this is like crazy traffic what is it
sound beard and
but yeah um yeah I have some days been a
good day you know I have to document my
feelings in my moods because it is some
days good and some day is not and my
mood is good on my own accord not
because of anything like you know like
the thing on my mood to sometimes great
things to be happening and I can still
be fucking depressed and that's like the
worst that's the worst like everything
is going great in your life but you're
still talking miserable they're always
doing construction here
like I use going oh oh sure which is the
right I'm on right now is the worst
streets drive on a PLA so awful good and
even when I gotta go the other way and
go get the doughnuts Oh ask about him
just good luck plant for us how a little
like you know like I always feel like
you go to someone's house I got a few
little like housewarming things like
literally to warm your house up mix such
a difference because in my live in my
big house right it was so cold I don't
know it just like I think that's just
when I moved in there like everything
which is bad from the get-go basically
it was good and then I went bad real
quick basically and I just never really
bought anything is like warm things up
and um sky what up PT Cruiser
he's trying to get it trying to get it
um anyway so I'm just I just want a few
gifts for to one of this house and
yeah literally really wasn't luck but I
feel good about today I feel good about
what's to come in the future
these construction workers are literally
like this dumb fucking bitch I can just
tell why the way they're looking and
steering and like what the fuck okay I'm
going to go because there's a lot of
frickin construction go into the Beverly
Hills area
I wonder Beverly Hills I'm going to
Koreatown you'll see if I completely
separate like they're close to each
other which is so fricking I live in Los
Angeles so I'm like in the middle of
Beverly Hills and like middle Bowen
Hills Groudon enrolled everything like
the valley like anywhere in Hollywood
like to get to is like one minutes you
know what I mean pretty uh pretty
awesome
twenty minutes might even Gilad to
people I know back in the Midwest like
20 minutes seem like a shitload to me
like oh we gotta go - probably minutes
but that's like literally nothing in the
lane so anyways I'm going to focus on my
driving and yeah I just wanted to fill
you guys in I'm not wearing this night
but it's kind of a cute draws like
Victoria's Secret I don't know what I'm
wearing oh I don't know mmm such as life
so then crazy me roads already grown for
not like a literally I never enjoys a
car there's one rich brow so quick on
your want guys Mitch Jimmy just real
quick and so long as we're late
it would be super cute you're gonna see
the bra it's from Victoria's Secret and
the cups don't really fit my cups if you
don't know means them I'm excited for
today
eating filming and see you Shaunie so
excited and I'm so excited he's cooking
there is rodeo Joe you're - a guide
again today grano do drive that is where
pretty woman stayed and we're talking
guys I H never from the store I fell in
love low-key so freaking and pretty
cess reading for my car
before kinds mean
right back and it just feels so good
spike penis
Marcus Marcus he lives Marquez don't be
more really client take on these doors
and they're really not so kind but here
they're really really nice lately speed
obviously because I have hair makeup
done when I go in looking ratchet though
really really mean to me they giving
enough she looks here they were really
really cute literally sweet to me sighs
in women it's the medium sized keyboard
went online to go get it but
I look crazy phallic boys out there
really no it was hot and whatever eerie
stop and then do it seriously never get
tired of LA it's so beautiful I just
love these stores so much it should work
care of it I'd like to hear make it
better next morning while wearing it
move it all right now they're done now
we're having a little bit of a pit stop
but now we're on our way pink
living in a Spanish a doe over here I am
not about to be in that Sun but this is
the Rodeo Drive it's so crowded guys
like if your torso want to see it cool
let come see it but mom I hate coming
over here parkings a nightmare
everything fucking sucks over here but
it is gorgeous if you come to LA well
maybe you're doing Georgie things to try
limbaugh that's quoi that's new
st. George in the dragon
very touristy spot up here
the picture everybody pictures to my
camera
but this isn't a lot of movie pretty
woman most notably is much more a tour
guide of LA Bay
check out of here all right and then
this we have Koreatown we definitely in
Beverly Hills no mole I wanna get those
donuts out always on the bad side of
town where are the donuts
they're getting close let's see the
baskin-robbins in the liquor store and
the Korean barbecue
don't play movies aha I'm going to film
a little bit of a taste test at these
donuts and then I am going to get
another dozen for these shawnee bear and
then I'm gonna go home and film and
change and finish wrapping presents
there's one present back there I've got
a wrap one more present and help today
has been an interesting day I was on
snapchat talking about why pretty people
are better than alkalete people but I
feel like I'm going to do a full video
on that long story short you remember
how I don't know if I said on here suck
up but everyone's been very very kind of
me today very kind and I don't think
it's a coincidence that I don't like a
fucking ugly troll today so I'm gonna do
a whole video on that promote my channel
cause I was like write a lot to say I'm
Sam JAMA you know what just caught it
I do a video on attrition and so we're
doing hey what's up for you time moves
you bitch going back to Koreatown I'm a
little trashy a little bougie
so it's a perfect and here's gang signs
I don't know what the fuck I'm doing but
yes the Peter Pan shoes do we love do we
love I am obsessed quick little OTD I
thought the shoes like don't even go by
room care um I'm gonna go hang out with
somebody do I did I say I was hanging
out with no I think I might have already
said it I haven't no one of a lot of say
I'm hanging out or not but it's my OTD
just he's cooking dinner we're just
chillin got my eating Charlotte I would
show this part because I don't really
mind my ways it's the gut I don't like
but whatevs Peter Pan shoes okay guys
ayat just kind of dinner I haven't even
a yeah cuz I was gonna blog but um
dinner cooked for me by this guy hey
this guy what I'm kidding I'm kidding
kind of um he's taking I know he means
date and curly fries and Jack and ginger
ale and no vegetables because now he
knows me a little better than the last
time he cooks for me which was the first
time we ever hung out I home it's like
recreating our first date - the love you
know what can I tell you something don't
believe everything she says she says
things out of like in the moment rip she
actually thought about it no don't say
no oh you actually thought about
anything you wouldn't say stuff like
that I happen to think about it well
Shawn's all I think about so I have been
thinking about him mmm just saying
anyways there's our meal no vegetables
thanked Sean for not feeding me
vegetables because they're disgusting
work my eye
I'm sure she likes not yet you're
cheating not now not ever
all I can say is no don't say that shit
I put in every single video I brought
wine hands Jack as I want to get drunk
us to hang out with me this is my new
place
oh yeah you should do an apartment to
her I would show it but I feel like you
should do an apartment so it's really
cushy do some yeah you should do want it
small favors his parents my show these
pictures over here no okay
my brother's one family but how cute
Shaun one I'm like literally eyes yeah
room literally the cutest guy and I
Raeleen that's my little sister and then
20 years later that's what you're
getting kinda funny is already there
this two years ago it was not it was
look at those oh my it's my little
sister and my niece oh look at that here
though living for the Nick corner
Bakshi boys all your family is killed
wish of a reality show you so many I
gotta eat and then I'm gonna back to
taste your first bite my anyone not so
trashy anyone is for classy people's
nope building yourself eating it if you
throw up then I know I'm not a good cook
no you run
I already hope you won't look for me
twice but I love me good twice another
one what call me in the air come oh you
guys we're getting here he's right
Alaska
look we're we're lint we're in I asked
ya anyway I thought something isn't
properly on the vlog because we never
properly end a blog okay look how
beautiful share her faces
no I'm serious look how smooth and
milky-white she is yeah well I do not
want to be white beautiful just own it
can you just say do me a favor don't say
no not just say Sean thanks nothing
oh cool she said it I love him I love
you okay just own it okay anytime people
compliment you and say stuff just own it
because you deserve it
she never feels like she deserves it I
wanted his own it I don't she could just
own it life would be a lot easier thanks
for having me over to you please I love
you more
see see what you just said hey you're
right you do you love me more Alan no I
just want you this anyway I love Shaunie
we're going to bed because we're tired
as fuck
we're tired as hell yeah you guys this
is my new place I mean look the sheets
are singles aim I'm sorry
he thinks I like I like my new sheet I
mean I like my sheets I like my old
cheese what they got electric grid never
tell you I can never cut me a bitch
poster right now look at you buddy I'm
cold and cold you are shiny so much hey
don't tell them about my hands I hate
them what do you always tell me about
you guys I have hats from all over the
world when I've traveled you really yeah
by the time traveled by toured with
people I get hats from all over the
world and so I worked Tricia toward the
head on me I'm ctbc I went Tris to wear
my hats from all over the world - so we
look like
Eskimo tween what Eskimos we were there
eskimo kisses for that all this me
mm-hmm
Eskimo twins does what we do yes don't
feel this is how we do you're cute this
is what we do this is how we do and what
do we just want everyone to be I mean be
amazing and rock careful be the most
amazing versions of yourself and be
strong and love who you are my curry to
my picky I am no longer mad at Sean
taking all stop yes it happens every
other week I'm kind of used to the other
week don't tweet Johnny cuz can't start
a name for the time is probably about
shocking it's not very nice but I love
him so much I will never ever be with I
have family the visits I have to make
Monday and I have to work you know I
mean yeah thanks for being my um
everything thanks for being my Ben Bam
Bam we thing hmm I'm trying to fucking
make that happen a bit pop it pop it pop
it pop it pop night night hey good night
hey wanna snort chase everything yeah it
was real nice meeting what is your name
Jason
Shawn Simeon thanks for being in my wok
nice peach you more Eskimo let's go milk
it milk I just wanted to tell you to
I just want to say ways the way we go go
go we say we face we go we reunit or
scatter and Izzy and the toilet and
until the together it's the last time to
sack check for tonight and then we're
gonna take each others clothes off and
we want to thank everyone
