so ever since the daddy issues shoot I
went over to my director Andrew
Valentine's house and he had these tea
Havas and they were so good I'm like so
obsessed they're definitely monthly
favorites but a lot of guys ask me where
I get them because I drink these in my
kitchen floor videos um you get them
from Whole Foods and that they are so so
good
unsweetened just amazing and then you
know I got them Diamond waters popping
back there never get enough these are
like my drinks of choice healthy happy
good summer drinks these are amazing so
cold
over ice amazing I just woke up and I'm
going to be making some breakfast
but um just so you all know like I'm not
crazy that I actually do love to have
them you would think this video is
sponsored but no but these are like the
little ones other ones I showed you were
like liter ones you just like the tiny
ones which I actually prefer these um
what leaders are good for like just me
but yeah I'm just gonna have that's
gross doesn't it burn the top of my
tongue mmm
trying to figure out what to make your
breakfast I thought about pancakes but I
feel like eggs and I guess I'm like a
better option so I'm gonna make that and
doing laundry and it's just like a
really really lazy day I haven't blogged
in a hot minute so I thought why not get
out the camera and vlog this lazy day
alright guys just got some groceries
from Ralph's gonna do a little grocery
haul and for you alright now I got some
pretty fun goodies sometimes I get I
don't know why I had post me it's come
okay the first post mate was more boots
didn't tell you all that but I feel like
I had it okay so I have three bags full
of stuff
like fun stuff some of it but I did try
to keep it like you know basic
necessities um this is my blogging
channel if I don't know if anybody cares
but um that feed
you know why don't one of the ruffles I
wanted them did it not me rumbles
anymore
wavy is odds going to drop those but
I'll take them and then I got some rags
we've got to make some breakfast we
still haven't done um okay I got some
cattle total pain yep I love I love
chips chips are like my favorite thing
in the world
mesquite barbecue cuddle hooks
what is that's the most random bacon
I've ever seen that's okay though
postmates thick-cut bacon it's still
mate and hopefully it's regular bacon
hard road of smoke sure peered bacon
can't have the bacon I know move that
but that's okay I got some milk for my
scrambled of my Eddie ania's as draggers
into action gonna be breakfast I'll keep
that out it's so excited to try this I
heard this is bomb calm Jim Beam apple
liqueur with club soda I have a life the
best combination ever some I haven't
drinkin and like a week but thank you I
have to break that rule tonight not that
it's rule just put this in the fun
category so I do a little snapchat um oh
my gosh you guys okay
these we know these are not the favorite
Rosario's I've kept them in a box okay
they remain um I'm about to repost mate
these are what's good a double raspberry
these are the good ones at the empty box
you know what I think it did say that
though a magnum or is it right these are
I love having me does a good treat every
night I don't ride surprisingly have a
game wait you guys still here me
might be topping myself surprisingly you
have not gained weight from having those
then that make some mac and cheese
spirals I'm also obsessed with this
stuff sometimes when like I want dinner
but like I don't want to post make
something like crazy heavy this is like
not the best for you but grab so pretty
good hi feels different
it's not the difference why are them I
have to get when you're too lazy to go
grocery shopping on your own okay no yes
they have it they never have one in
Lefroy I thought she just forgot it so I
didn't say anything but it isn't there
yes girl get um bathroom awesome some of
these hash browns for my breakfast are
very like McDonald's hash brownie those
are with the breakfast foods hot Forbes
is also one of my favorite little snacks
and some Pam has ran out of that this is
my but um shape and then the more I
think but needed butter and removal and
so that is my little grocery store haul
and I'm starving about my breakfast
Linoone rocket rocket
my house will be cleaning up my closet a
little maybe I got something good in
there with me um just punch of house
stuff that wonderful going unless I'm
doing to get cleaned up before them good
mouth okay check in some breakfast I
have a good breakfast for myself and so
long it just sounded like something I
should do
here's how long it's been ever even over
eight pans are this one I need for my
hash brown use my little bacon grease
catcher thing my mom fucking wait
absolutely not does that look dirty
okay wait Val you spoil them alright
dwelling want those pans I hope some
bacon in this eggs and this is so much
fun cooking with fresh all right so I
don't know what to start first let's go
eggs no bacon I have not cooked in so
long guys like what is even I think of
it
folks the bacon first now this is not
the kind of normally get but I feel like
I'm hosting a cooking show this is so
exciting
how's your day I loved it there's a lazy
Sunday for me and I'm kind of obsessed
if I can open this package of bacon
first okay we need scissors
we need cuz there is clearly not how you
open this bacon hello from me I bake it
open I must've called home I think this
is a la bacon actually but it is fit cut
which is what I like that's already warm
piggy already sizzling
sorry tell my vegans out there I'm so
sorry I know it affects people so much
nowadays when people other people eat me
I'm sorry but this is what it is I try
to go vegan for a hot minute
tell you I'm sorry the break-in yo that
was hot oh yeah because it is hot life
lesson
numero uno so we are gonna wait for the
hole so we'll just put that Club now I
need a mixing bowl for my now my biggest
um disaster is not a disaster but I mean
the hardest thing for me when making
breakfast is getting it I'm already at
the same time why I have a problems what
I do so we'll see if we can master the
art being this all together ready
hash browns Oh my waitressing
better here I'm going to just take few
in the AG's gonna take four I'm going to
use one yolk and two egg whites oh hey
everybody just see what kind of angle
that was here we go should I need a
little trash thing over here to catch
these hello probably I feel like such a
human being like how is this even
possible that I'm like cooking for
myself this is amazing
so long it could be a Friday
Fridays are easier but scramble eggs I
haven't had a hot minute homemade or
made at home are you guys seeing any of
that the separation I don't want to get
too close to that either goes in the
blast of ammonia cooking you guys are
hard how many ways mmm so that's one
yolk or one egg white I don't have like
an 8 separate or just the yolk back and
forth if you little ratchet leg peg
ratchet girl
not only do one more angry yes
egg and we go did I get a little shell
wonder what is that all right I'm only
cooking for myself so no one's a view
about who your aim for in there only
come about teach my back cover is still
my hurt okay this is my life everybody
sorry
oh hello I'm even more messed up a
little bit them my being but a boom
spray panic s keep that since the eggs
are coming over there bacon no Omar is
80 over hot second
milk enhance good enough no more up
there we go
I like my agent Mulder all right watch
this out
the bacon now I'm going to get this
hashbrown game already there always have
snapchat what you're doing
you guys isn't eating breakfast on my
table and making bacon and I'm making
eggs and I'm filming but I'm not going
to actually write these this one I'm
glad you guys cook with me I feel like
it's kind of like not sad but I feel
like I would be sad doing this alone
obviously people don't blog they're
cooking breakfast every morning but I'm
doing it with you guys I can cook it for
you
excuse me I love eggs I honestly just
don't think it'd be vegan for the reason
of loving a that's so much I love them
they are delicious and nutritious that
was the big hashbrowns in the oven gonna
make - I'm round I'm addicted to them
oh they're these in the oven
hi little bacon yeah
I've been a little bit
bacon is sticking for some reason
we're gonna let that click for just a
sec
a little bit eggs up a little bit yeah
what we're cookin we're cooking for
fuckin pepper I really won with amazing
pepper but I don't
use the Mickey pepper I guess shit
you should really just tried to mess
that up okay that works
cooking with Trish thumbs up this video
if you enjoy watch me cook apparently
maybe it's just me probably just me but
I still think it's exciting on the left
bacon is gonna slay my refrigerator
we should be using our theme
I'm good there get that toast ready to
pop in try to get this all done at the
same time see how that works
come one me to normal
there we go miracles the eggs up again
my love ya tomorrow you're always a day
away
- tomorrow
the bacon is sticking never you releases
you want to know why it stink wipe it
right off
oh and I got pop never fails my cook
bacon
candor fell over well we're finish these
eggs up
okay snapchat little update aids our
kitten coming along those Randall egg
whites and then bacon hot ramble egg
whites and then I'm going to grab my
Mickey a pepper to puffer my eggs and
I'm going to grab my Mickey and pepper -
pepper my egg and in a crowd hiya Mickey
a pepper to put a lot of pepper y'all oh
my god my snapchat is going crazy and my
egg and I'm going to grab my Mickey and
pepper - pepper
alright to finish these eggs up just a
touch
a lot of eggs a lot of eggs but you're
living for it except for a minute see
how these little babies are doing all
right these look like they are about
ready and for me if I don't like my big
and too well done so we're gonna take
that out here to make juice out of it
this morning
you are the peanut butter to my jelly is
the company when I drink out of this
morning take a minute she goes down
these eggs look like they are done ready
for some serving some scrambled eggs
there's that coming snapshot my juice
pouring
yeah and a little Oh Jay yum-yum yeah
fill her up always all something today I
don't freak out over stuff like that
tell me you guys freak out when you go
to restaurants you see something in your
like glass Grinch is my glass Oh a
little choose to make a little kid YUM
alright so let's try missile no it's
time for a little sermon a little
serving time these a look delicious
don't worry if you feel like snapchat is
getting the exact same footage you guys
are they trust let's check those hash
browns
sadly I do like my hash browns correct
but and they are getting there they'll
get crispy
bacon let's bomb come on here a little
baking I love it oh so good should I
have a lot of paper towels make it brief
before getting on the plate answer yes
that way little grease can drip a little
bit of work it goes against the eggs
toast is done so I gotta butter that
real quick
the toast
you guys have been pretty good a thief
again is all pretty much together last
minute expired on these guys new plan
but Oh Marlo I think I did a pretty good
job I mean uh toast mmm I love chose I
have this bar snack all the time and
love butter toast so excited this mac
I'm so excited to eat cooking just
always seems like a lot of work though
right all right now rinse those dishes
all these are off yes get the hashbrowns
out okay so hash balls could have gone
in a little sooner that is what we
learned there almost almost done
well just show current begin that step
ah alright guys this is looking good
that's peace gosh one I have a lot of
these sometimes I would like them a
little more well done and so this is
good for now
cuz I'm hungry and I need to eat did I
did it y'all YUM
I'm never so proud of myself
yeah and there is my finished product
I'm so happy oh my gosh I cannot wait to
eat this my breakfast yaaaah
I did it whoo my favorite luxuries in
the whole world and I did this even when
I couldn't afford luxury is having a
cleaning person come clean my house like
first of all with this bed does not look
just so inviting second mom don't tell
my blog to you I can't remember but I
had to replace my white silk sheets and
I got these blue ones because my period
is stained them so bad focus they stain
I'm so bad I mean I sold light ones
they're like light blue it's kind of
hard to tell but yeah I had to get some
new ones they are from Lilly silk now my
Anthony Kiedis book here to read oh hi
guys and other thing real quick oh by
the way these are these really soft
blankets wait did I already mentioned
this this morning I can remember oh I
got my nails done oh hey guys yeah first
take y'all to this lawn
lot of things happen anyways let me sit
on this bed here real quick oh hey by
the way hi yeah I'm bald I just took a
shower and I like literally look like
I'm old so that's why oh my face looks
so clean though um that's I'm not sure
myself and my ratchet pajamas um yeah
I'm in my wretched pajamas I mean I'm
have my friend come over but that friend
does not care that I'm in my ratchet
pajamas and I'm not walking him cuz
y'all anyways sometimes I keep stuff
private I've learned from my mistakes
sometimes you got to keep keep sup
private oh hey Trish back there anyways
um okay so what I was gonna say is hey
all day and even when I got a pedicure
because you know hey hi - blue toes um
you want to get my pedicure sometimes if
I step on it wrong I can't feel it now
but or even when yous doing a pedicure
it almost feels like there's a piece of
glass in there that keeps that keeps
hitting it that's like stuff in there
but that doesn't seem like watch look
close up like it doesn't look like
anything's in there and I doesn't seem
logical right
zoo note that be it's been happening all
day anyway so guys know let me know I am
going to dry my hair real quick um
before he gets here and um yeah anyways
yeah I haven't been vlogging that much
I don't blog or snapchat every single
thing anymore and sometimes it feels
really weird because uh I like love
anyways I love vlogging and I love him
and it's weird but you know what
sometimes just got do what you gotta do
and what I gotta do is not blog every
time I went to like when you're cuddling
in bed you can't just really oh here
wait let me blog I mean I feel like you
could I thought I could but then I know
that I thought I looked like too much
right I don't know I'm excited for
cuddles I have had cuddles in the hot
minute so I'm sad for cuddles my foot
fucking hurts but I love you guys and
and a vlog here looking never properly
end up vlog so I'm gonna say hey to my
fishies and hear my guess he's reliving
fish I feel like I see how it's that guy
front I feel like I'm gonna see had
Macaulay Culkin in the blogs you know
cuz I love them both equally so Hayden
o'clock walk in and here we could see
some really videos mmm
