I'm warning you guys this is not an
eating show once again I'm in a hurry I
was ordered this thing answer me quickly
or take forever so I have to skedaddle
what I have in my egg whites and bacon
kind of midday actually I believe
breakfast I'm gonna try and just lift
this down and I hate just sitting here
eating watching these people I like
watching YouTube but if I can eat with
you guys
why not eat with you guys so you're
gonna see I have a lower tripod which is
just another box there that's better you
can see the food more feel like that's
why people like to watch the eating
shows me the Admiral guys know is my
favorite meal they gave me lots of bacon
GI Joon wanna get my hair done again
alright mm-hm
Mary Jo praise you
I know stuff like enjoy your food I'm
just so hungry I met you here I'm gonna
take forever
and I out but don't eat I'll be miss
roll bacon so much that's a new dumb
I love new days anything good got up and
showered would you normally do but you
ever thought it was gonna be a good day
I don't always have those feelings some
I've been a little behind in my blog to
know like everything all I kind of was I
gone staycation for a few days I'm sorry
edited what I needed to
tell them how fast I'm hoping this done
- lat almost three minutes
oh sorry she wouldn't enjoy more but I
watch you then I wanted to get my
eyebrow flaps where they're looking
crazy but you got time to wrap them
I'm so good to my mom yesterday she
doesn't a part for me so well I mean she
came for that interview but it's also
nice to see her more because I always
have like new clothes to give her to put
up today I talked about the Real
Housewives oh I did
I want you to tell me I'm around this
way mmm I cleaned up on us I like their
breakfast I'm kind of protein like low
carbs high protein obviously extra have
an application take it but just bring it
back on that bandwagon I found my waist
is so thick
okay me love with thick waist I'm sure
my fear once I forgot to you got a day
where husband
well I mean where Alan gin so I'm
working sup your one bleeding because
they were doing something in the parking
lot and he and rail ended up dropping
even though we went in there for like a
video can you load that it's all the
cute Valentine's Day stuff they had in
there I got these cute little wine
glasses that little like love table
thing from of these mugs I thought they
were super cute I love this place good
enough but him the hair salon number
three with micro Zoe just way out of
town for two weeks so my fruits aren't
like terrible but they can't go no Qi
week so I got more of those foods on ice
cut your shoes to flannel like a fashion
over top and then pops to keep these are
expensive one GG oh hey boy just want to
go back to short now make me want
extension new line we share her she does
both of our colors together you don't
use Courtney Love really yeah that's
like everything I just found that hours
like a bad way them blonde
Kimbo and then we doesn't browned out we
had matching nails oh yeah oh is it I
know everything you best called each
other
same I like went out on a whim doing
them jr. first was like oh I need a new
nail oh hey boys here by yourself no
crew no entourage left I know I was like
so sad Hey they're like nowhere to go
upstairs if you ever see Gigi alone
she'll talk your ear off just ask
everyone in the salon cheese goes around
and starts like conversing with
everybody without going love and it's on
he's amazing he had tinsel like caught
in my hair he had to come like save me
he's like expert about everything
empowerment I need it it's like I'm
Adrienne Maloof who's that Beverly Hills
housewife what do you call my father
that's someone else told me that my
didn't know it was weight shine light do
an intro you gonna intro anybody about
you guys to start blogging intro let's
do another intro okay guys so we got
Jason which is he's always in the vlogs
but look your first time in my blog no
oh yeah yeah people were like they were
like um David like they also think
everyone hates me in them things so you
know why I say everyone hates me it says
the comments always say you can tell
David haters you can tell Scott hate
says yes and you read comments to a lot
of people they're always like oh my god
dude fucking hate this person I'm like I
don't at all I don't know I don't know
why that happens just the way you are
because you are kind of just like quick
like you know the first time we met your
does like paid quickly if you're going
for long enough he'll be like right here
yeah oh he had two minutes of his vlog
literally on the fattest part of my guy
and it was just like I've got rolled
everything as he left it in the blog
yeah it was when he's talking about who
should date and then it was just
obviously for the views because you
never want to talk about it again
I thought it was a real conversation I
feel like I'm very real I know I love it
was everything I always want to have
like dude once you go out get out y'all
hear something candy bar where he
doesn't even understand you I was
confused
store for me for a minute we would have
sex not quickly like I feel like every
time we even like hooked out without me
taking a minute don't mean poorly yeah
okay well you want a story to tell but
let me fill me to tell your story cuz
you said you can't like the podcast you
guys talk like an hour
we love the podcast you can take a nap
okay so my my ex-wife has this colorist
that always comes to the house and she's
she's asking - she was like caught maybe
call your hair you should try it you
should try it
so she was coming last night and she
said oh you wanna try it I was like yeah
I'll try it and then I sat down and
normally like I get like it's just great
here morally and or they'll foil it so
they leave some of the gray so I sat
down and I was like are you gonna foil
it and she was like no I'm not gonna
foil it and then she's like don't worry
this will this this leaves a lot of the
gray and they should just bang on yeah
and then it was brown
yeah there's no gray which is why I
don't know there was something different
about you and I saw you walk in I like
oh wait really
now I see it's a lot darker I look like
a guy playing Superman on Hollywood
Boulevard
I used to live next time Christopher
Dennis yeah hey everybody's guy goes bar
be my neighbor Hollywood Superman hello
everybody
and we're gonna levitate well he's gonna
levitate because the other one was too
dark so we're gonna do the light you can
see it's pretty fade hers is better not
with no makeup so here we go okay
everybody mom ate all my viewers out
there you know all like 100 of you okay
this can only be attempted by Scranton
do not try this at home cause he's a
Kryptonian Superman let's do you fly you
mean something like that Wow oh that's
crazy
Oh oh my god we're weed stuff going on
Superman
oMG oh my god that was crazy how that
feel oh my god it's kind of like
floating on air
oh my god coolest thing all day right
she's getting my Thanksgiving shirt
white meat dark meat
all will be car yeah it's about the
types yeah you don't you look like
they're trying to like be young which
makes you older I know there's pictures
of us online like I used to stand out
there with him like oh my god if I were
on my facebook now I could show you I
lived right next to him where your
apartment it's like it's like those
buildings used to live in $60 no yeah no
why do you think more or less no no we
only made 60co sometimes he would like
just do like he would take his money and
like give it to the people like he's
homeless now like there's a whole story
about I'm like being homeless and shit
yeah but that was like a rush no I start
there for two and half years like I was
on Jimmy Kimmel I was like Supergirl
like days to have two superheroes no
stuff like that and we stand out there
like and even Jimmy Kimmel only penis
like 20 bucks
yep from like 17 to 19 yeah and I said
out there and I think there's there's a
ton of pictures of me online a super
girl with that guy go to Superman but no
no I was super nice he was like you'd be
like hey gotta give us money gotta goes
money cuz like some people want to know
to tip yeah they want a tip and then he
would go and be like hey we work on tips
and then if they don't get tips well
like they've gotten arrested like like
Batman and stuff like have punched
people over it like they get like
there's a little documentary about it
called confessions of a superhero we got
all intellectual there tell me again
literally like beat here that's right
he's a baby he is and I also thought
guys were dating for the long time when
a person if that's why I was like crazy
yet sex was like you know we were dating
my first night yo we thought David and I
were dating we're always together and
even the cage won't have sex if I both
on with David I'm like I'm not even hang
Ella I don't know why because I enjoy
your company but why can't you before we
said let's each other once every few
life cuz now I enjoy your company
I don't know what it takes it took it
took me a while to get it took me a
while to get to know you
um because like now I know now I know
you're like you're like real you're like
a real person but before I was just like
oh I didn't know your enemy
I don't think that's I'm saying I've
lots of differently so what I like
pulling on us like introduce things and
like think of like something to say and
talk about and then I turn it off I feel
like a minute I never bought this one
like when I'm with you I block a lot but
with anyone else I how long's your vlog
gonna be if it was just a split like
what how many 1s s have been I don't
know it's been ten minutes yeah Wow yeah
so I booked because I put it in with a
bunch of other cooks epithet it's gonna
be long but do you usually try and think
of like something like Oh title
especially when I'm like with you like I
try and think of a title or something
with that and then I'm talk about it for
like a minute and then that's it yeah
sexy it's so quiet right man isn't so
cool I literally like just want to go
pick up a bunch of it's so quiet
this cars like also alive your car so
yes everything oh yeah it's a battery
how do I know if it's gonna die you have
112 miles okay
will that be enough to get there and
back well knowing you I don't know
you've got a lot of people you know no
it doesn't another couple night around
I'm like druggie friends it's like it's
like porn stars like okay we would love
that it'd be content for him what do you
think I love it
so nice like honestly like one of this
car I would get this car I would get it
in like black or like dark blue you
should have one I can't lie this is too
much so much for a month and David has
it yeah thanks for doing this yeah oh my
god are you kidding me this is cool I'm
gonna switch price if I wouldn't have
offered taken if you want you can have
what I shot in the garage okay -
whatever you want honey
it's not I don't know nothing
this is so cool wait is that behind me
or in front of you what is it I thought
the same thing when I got it it's behind
you everyone just listen cuz you got a
fucking Tesla it doesn't open a lot of
doors this car it's crazy that if you
I'm sure it happens the Corvette - but
you'll be riding in it and you're like I
don't know you does leaving the middle
the street and people like it's fine
look sorry party oh this is why it's so
great that we're friends because like we
can just barge voters camera like when
your battery runs out eat nuts D card
right there is that us just oh we're
pinky not promising anything
oh it's awful you literally look like
you're trying to break Justin Bieber no
I look good though and I should tell no
crazy what are we gonna do look ugly for
the next few weeks I guys until your
area grows back in it's gonna be longer
than that I saw I saw your wait really
no you're gonna have that one we go on
vacation yeah just shave it off no no no
don't do that Paul
I just put some right in it okay great
here found oh I'll do it no would you do
it I have this gray on the side red in
the color treatment but I think you just
say stuff every day that with you then
I'm just like what like like just out of
nowhere you'll be like I mean of course
I was a Navy SEAL I was the person who
shot Osama bin Laden true I want to do
the motor you can't even look back how
do I do that that's it it's driving it's
not know where it tries itself oh you
can't do it on these streets no I think
it just drives itself I mean like that
good if I just stop pushing the gas like
if we were if all of a sudden you just I
think it just drives itself try it
no actually crashing I like I said he
liked to make Harry as long as I told
him I crashed it he said it like he
doesn't care if I crash as long as I
tell them no I don't think he'll crash
it here start driving see what happens
if you but drive to keep my foot on the
gas
I think so I think it's definitely gonna
do no that doesn't work cause it just
steering oh really yeah
I don't know must be anything sp2 mode
I'll try it on the freeway just like
that one see where we go
yeah baby we'll wait just don't look at
your hair just maybe shave it all just
be bald I'm thinking about it cor
probably saw that you're leaving gonna
have a way that you're leaving right now
what's your plans nothing so this night
has a little twist to it also I parked a
complete asshole okay David and Jason
came over to my apartment hang out for a
bit and then when they were gonna leave
they were in separate directions and
Jason's gonna where I'm like I'll just
drive you whatever and I said we can
take my back well David's like do you
want to switch cars George I was like
yeah I do
so this is so sick so I'm driving his
Tesla I honestly I want to keep this car
this car is so sick you guys like it's
already turned on will like once you're
in I'm getting soaked by the way I'm so
hungry
so yeah it just turns on but this is
cool like a spaceship the screen I
really want one of these these are more
expensive than the lighting so bad in
here um then literally and of course I
didn't have my blogging here either I
was like um cuz we're street cars and
I'm like totally brought my camera
this is so cool so I just dropped him
off he might come back and hang out I
love this though it's so cool if I'm
battery how do I said you guys so yeah
but one time I forget my vlogging camera
he's gonna want to fight next to me
oops I'm just gonna run out and get my
food but yeah stick turned out super fun
so sick and so sexy
she has my Corvette his car so quiet and
reserved in my cars like using all right
love it I want to test let you guys I
have a third parking spot maybe I can
get a third car okay guys
nature of driving
the Tesla I love it I feel like this is
actually my partner so sick look at that
I like knows when you're approaching so
cool all right
I honestly love my new life as david
dobrik i feel so powerful and so youtube
famous with this car it's like i'm a
youtuber a7 already how to work it's
crazy because like once it's on it's a
con
under Thursday what if you guys will
stay with me
okay this is like it's so cool inside so
originally originally we were supposed
to switch last night and then I never
heard anything and honestly this worm
are they my Corvettes old like I'll be
happy driving this thing around and it's
cooler and it's it's quieter there's no
room and I feel like a really bougie mom
in this car
I love so much honestly this car is like
perfect size for like vlogging and like
eating in the car okay really I'm
tempted to stop through McDonald's and
do it eating Joe and it says love umm I
am obsessed with this car is so freakin
quiet I try looking for my name and the
radio like they have like radio
playlists ations and I tried looking for
Trisha Paytas and that's the only thing
I have to complain about like why am I
not on it I'm going over to Jason's
house I think I'm gonna meet his mom I
really excited cuz I see you're in the
vlogs like I see everybody in the vlogs
okay bye to the Tesla so I got my car
back what did you love my car but I kind
of miss the Tesla I'm not gonna lie so
I'm heading back home to edit ui7
so I am now in the valley
never lets over here everybody no lives
over in the valley
it's not I have to go home and work out
because I did not get the workout in
showering twice in one day is not my
favorite things to what anyways but yeah
it was really fun
I always looking out over there people
are was so sweet to me I'm like the
worst blogger that I just realized I
like if I'm not like if I don't know
people I feel so awkward to vlog
I don't know how Jason could just
literally vlog with anybody so we have
officially switched cars back
I do love my career Matt but I kind of
missed the Tesla and David asked me he's
like yo would you guys have fun I
shouldn't do like it but because I have
my G Wagen it's very close to that in
the sense you can carry a lot of people
in it it's a cool car though but I don't
even third car I feel like I would want
a third of our but I don't need one
I should probably do like adult things
and get like a house or something that
girl has the fifth largest ice tea even
Starbucks
so to go home home workout I really like
mac and cheese for breakfast this
morning like the gross kinds of a blue
box
it was like not that Bono
there's a really good Chinese food place
but I had it last night so I wanted
again
it's literally right up got called
pick-up sticks
I'm gonna work out more got a diet okay
so I was gonna go home and worked out
and then I have something a gas station
and I got Diet Coke
we're stuck in meeting Doritos what's up
oh I got two Chinese food too
I definitely got Chinese food this is
who were staying over you're like
looking up that mean
then I also got a little bit of a car
ride home so I think I'm gonna have a
mean I
J was just not a diet day for me I had
$100 bill in my billfold
I'm just burning a hole in there
jump got some socks at the gas gas gas
gas
a bunch of shock food and five quick
wits for the Mega Millions man
okay this car will also be
we can help that I'm not gonna lie I
thought her than you already are
cuz they're so tiny the big G Wagen
makes me feel Indiana Scott makes me
feel fat little B my life those are my
new cameras I picked out back there
it's next morning I should probably
learn to how to use these citizens so
this is what I've been using my Canon
Rebel t3i which I've literally has is
like 2007 when did I start taking new
public jasny am i starting YouTube like
seriously and this is like a huge deal
for me to buy this and like actually
learn how to use it so I upgraded for
that and then the one I'm filming now is
that g7 X by Sony and a lot of people
have to talk about how this is a really
good blogging camera this I don't think
has a pop-up screen like I like to look
at myself when any vlogs I don't know
how good this is gonna do for a vlogging
camera for me and then I don't know how
easy this is to work does anyone know
this autofocus Oh
looks like you can turn a lot of focus I
know a Jason said he has the same one so
I'll probably ask him about it but I
should probably learn how to use these I
have these now for like a couple weeks
in they haven't so it just yet so I am
going to edit my blogs it's so funny now
well you haven't seen it but she's I can
oh no you haven't seen yeah we've done
it eh I think gonna see it next week I
think that's what we're posting the
videos no we did this eating show and he
or no I didn't know it was that a vlog
just kidding you have seen that and a
vlog is you never had your vlogs and now
I always think of like no I in him the
next day cuz I do forget he's called me
somebody something like beauty guru that
does this and he's like what are you
didn't under and I was like I don't know
was but I was like no I am now because
it does feel weird to just abruptly end
like when I watch back some of my vlogs
I was like oh no it's weird or what
other people do it where they just end
and then it's like okay bye so I always
want to do an outro and then at night I
always get like I went out last night
for a little bit crazy or anything but I
bought my outfit or anything so oh gosh
it was gonna start tired
I should put berry muffins my kitchen
that's all I bought but I can't I can't
I can't
he's strong Trish um I'm getting my
period everyone's like you're always get
your period I'm not I get a once a month
like everyone else who act like I have
all the time me because I'm constantly
posting so I'm constantly saying I'm
getting my period but I am getting my
period anywho pussy coupe hell okay so
much oh I noticed a same huh yeah I
tweeted this but my dad texted me this
morning and told me to tweet it and then
I said I'm screenshots of my tweet I
said I did my dad never tells me to be
anything he doesn't show my Twitter he
does he like does it no you put this 20
years ago today you guys can see me my
that's me my grandpa my dad's dad up
there look how crazy a look coming just
zoom in on this hair I was 20 years ago
January 3rd Oh God Trish Trish shush
shush shush watch watch watch watch me
dancing with my daddy he he oh he sends
him like that where you can't my vocal
might have to say input that's my dad
over there and that's me right there in
the corner that wasn't that was a couple
ago that's not I was gonna show you
first week Saturday Saturday January 13
2018 a dear friend of the Lord friends
of sinners if you don't like church or
anything or donig inspired by God or
whatever you can end this view here cuz
he's fishing
hmm but for those of you who do friends
of sinners and today's gospel Jesus went
to the house of tax collectors who were
public sinners he has so mingled
prostitutes adulteress and other sinners
if we get upset with people because they
have sinned against us or others then
remember Jesus is compassionate love is
non-judgmental and always forgiving in
mark 2 13 and 17 Jesus went out to the
shore of the lake and all the people
came to him and he taught them as he was
walking along he saw Levi the son of
Alphaeus sitting at the tax office and
he said to him follow me and he got up
and followed him when Jesus was at
dinner in his house and number of tax
collectors and sinners were also sitting
at the table with Jesus in his sight
for there were many of them among his
followers when the scribes of the
Pharisees saw him eating with sinners
and tax collectors they said she his
disciples why does he eat with tax
collectors and sinners when Jesus heard
this he said to them it is not the
healthy looking attacks are in it when
Jesus heard this he said to them it is
not the healthy who need a doctor but
the sick it came to call not the upright
but sinners it's not the healthy who
need a doctor but the sick really
interesting and I loved the first one he
sent me to my dad I lost my dad my dad
is like I tweeted my dad's come a long
way I'll tell you a second but I love
that he mingled with prostitutes
adulteress and other sinners if we get
upset with people because they have
sinned against us or others then
remember Jesus compassionate love is
non-judgmental oh my god it makes me cry
it's like I do my best
I just do my best they have such a my
relationship with the Lord has become so
strong and I do my best I talk to every
single night and I tell him like if I'm
a disappointment to you like give me a
sign I'm sorry I'm just doing my best
I'm just trying to be happy on this
earth they struggle so hard to be happy
I'm just doing what I can to make myself
happy and he gets he I talk with him I
talk with him it's not a voice that I
hear it's a feeling it's a feeling of a
hug at night it's amazing and just
recently in the past year I'm sorry I
get so emotional oh my god I get so more
shot her well probably the game actually
manic but just reading that like his
love is is forgiving and he's
compassionate and like it like gives me
chills it like gives me chills it really
does so I get judged a lot I am not
perfect like I should be dead I'm
getting blown up this morning it's so
early
uh strike I got taxes bristleback
I'm not a perfect Christian I don't
follow
all of Christianity's traditional
teachings I'm Catholic and I'm
definitely far from being a perfect
Catholic but I believe in their
teachings and Gospels and I ask the
Saints in the Virgin Mary to pray with
me and pray for me and get my prayers
closer to Jesus and God and but but I do
my best and like I said even though I
don't follow all the Christianity
traditional teachings I follow him
I follow the Lord and that's what
matters he knows my heart he knows my
true intentions he knows where I'm
coming from and that I don't want to be
a sinner but I said we all sin I think
it said that the Pope goes to confession
every single day cos even he sins every
single day we're all sinners but it's
not about what we do it's about
accepting the Lord's love into our heart
and that he loves us so much and that we
we do our best as people our hearts that
our hearts to our best and not to get
this is the last time I'll bring him up
but it's something that I really loved
about him who I thought I knew about
Bobby was he always said that I had like
a good heart like so why he's so nice to
me and why do you hang around me I mean
obviously the end he became a different
person but that's not about this he's
like because he is a lot different than
me a lot of people were surprised we
even knew each other they're like what
how this doesn't even make sense and it
didn't make sense at all
and he's like you have a good heart and
I can see it and that's all that matters
it's like if you do good and I do I just
I just I try and do good like I I am all
over the place I'm a mess
I I admittedly say that I I do a lot of
things that a lot of people look down on
me for and the only other person that
I've ever felt that way about me I
seized my heart my intention is is Jesus
himself you know saying it's okay like
you got this amazing Archer I should
like I think when I meet people who say
I've helped them in any way like that to
me is like God in like real life I'm
like this is God giving me the hugged
being like you know we're all we're all
his children so in a sense it is so
before people like oh my gosh you're
crazy that's I'm not God but you know
what I mean like it just it's like a
reassurance I just want people to be
happy and I just want everyone to feel
good about themselves while here on
earth and try and find their own
happiness here on earth because it's
hard it's a struggle this life on Earth
is not it's not easy and you gotta do
what you gotta do to find that happiness
whatever that means until I feel we get
to heaven and there's a greater thing
but you know I don't know where this
walking hurt I'm sorry oh I just I was
wasted my dad this morning so anyways I
have to edit you guys right out so I
love you guys thanks for watching god
bless you if you made it this far cause
you made it through the guide part and
he'll us I'm here my kisses from
elevation
