and venture
French kids come along
anybody here in so much
got me
my keys
a huge rainbow fever that's neither here
nor there
clearly I'm bored I always we look for
any traction I stopped for income online
I'm doing negative eyebrows box
activists and then I gotta make a return
I got commercial laundry rapping Evan
in fact
all right the reason I said I was
incognito in there I was being kind of
facetious um this magazine right here
this Us Weekly so funny guys actually
went out last night with Drew and Shane
to pick this up because one of the
editors the magazines actually was just
like hey like you should go pick up Us
Weekly this week like watch they said
you should go pick up the magazine this
week you're in it and then I went to
their profile and I saw that they are an
editor for Us Weekly and then I was like
I just and them like hey what magazine
like Us Weekly and I was like dying um I
think this is such a cool thing like I
know how you guys are like here she's
like not that big of deal but Ouisa by
Us Weekly and star religiously and the
stars they're just like us they always
cracked me up and like guy is like what
like are you seeing that though like
it's so weird because like all these
other shots it's like they could be
posing for Instagram like mine they get
me just looking crazy with 5,000 boxes
coming out of the post office this post
office and I always look crazy today I
had a car a little push cart thing to
like get all the boxes out but sometimes
I'm like literally going back and forth
like three trips oh the place I live in
is like the worst place ever they don't
want you like get boxes there it's weird
it's like go pick them up
so for someone like me who used to shop
a lot online doesn't habla am i anymore
because I mean to go pick up the fucking
packages all myself which is like
actually more headache than anything um
that % amazing style
so anyways um so yeah I'm in the it was
a YouTube star so just like ice edition
I'm just like what what oh boy oh my god
you guys I'm considered a star um
we're all fucking stars like at the but
like why would I be carrying on my own
boxes I guess that's why they say stars
are just like a snow bitch I'm just a
fucking regular bitch who fucking
uploads to YouTube so anyways I thought
it was really funny this is the cover of
the magazine at sim
and I thought it was like really really
funny so I pick up a bunch of those
yesterday I was living I was like oh my
gosh I got paparazzi which is so crazy
because like I didn't even see anybody
take my picture and I do not have a
publicist
I have like managers at my Lake Network
we're not like manager managers like
nobody is like
nobody is pulling for me
like nobody is pulling or pushing for me
to be um in tabloids they're not like
firing paparazzi apparently you can do
that I don't fuck trust me if I was if I
were to hire paparazzi like I would be
looking like on point for that photo
because I look crazy I look literally
like Bigfoot like Bigfoot I look insane
I thought I was really funny you think I
want to just a cuter to go to the post
office just got snapped again but does
that person do really cool stuff anyways
I'm liking it a lot so I should
Hartnell a once again today so freaking
hall or now I'm gonna go get an eyebrow
flaps this is another one of those logs
but I feel like is not vlog worthy but I
feel like I snap and y'all shoot like oh
we should be blogging so snapping but
it's like I don't feel like Anya this is
like worthy of a vlog I mean anyone know
what I mean ever probably not
one thing about lay always always always
look for parking signs always a tricky
you know like straight cleaning this
hour doesn't like blue craziest stuff
Alice introduced
boom Sam Johnson okay let's go get these
eyebrows dead they were bothering me so
much thank God for snapchat I was
looking at a filter day my eyebrows I
was just like oh ah here
the importance right across the street
they do purple European sidewalk all
that shit here
I should put my hat on there was reason
I brought this today keep the Sun out of
my face
oh you as surprise him with me - as
presently you in here son fact about
that restaurant I went there with the
star for my shadow video and I got
really drunk and I was really fucked up
I don't like putting remembering names
like for everything there and I just
remember like falling asleep on his
shoulder there give me some trivia here
in LA of trivia and nobody cares about
uptown girl she was living it up Wow and
thumbs of his beautiful isn't for my
time to kind of so I just miss a legit
just missed everyone stop vlogging Alex
literally video when I walk no meal
today so true I just got them done a
couple days ago
okay well next time you're busy
eyebrow and lip but no tweezing on the
Left I'm to tweeze hearts too much they
do it as a I got to get these done look
how crazy this one lot it's so insane
I just come to the little nail place to
get at them
waxing is not fun but it feels so good
once you get it done get those fresh
brows I'll take
it was bright light like gremlin bright
light Hey
yeah
hi guys
eyebrows we're success and mustache oh
my god I feel so much better when I get
waxed Paul Alicia I feel like a brand
new one is crazy you like don't think of
myself like have a difference but then I
like damn I wrote what I've got um so
yeah I was gonna return some stuff and
I'm being like I don't want to return it
it's like okay you guys know what I
should do I'm like conflicted so I
ordered this bag a beautiful bag from
Neiman Marcus it's afternoon McQueen's
actually back there it's all I wrapped
up though because I could just tell
before even like unboxing you like any I
could just tell it was like too big like
it was a bit bigger but I saw a little
size of it at my salon I'm a hair salon
like wow them I loved the little size
and they told me exactly what it was
called and everything I'm gonna just
afford it stupid me I don't look at
damat I don't look at dimensions I think
start looking at the mention I don't
look at dimensions of things I just
order it oh my god tonight wow I'm so
lucky to get today I did not pay my
parking meter holy shit that just scare
me um but I didn't paid inches the
dimensions of it and um it's just a lot
larger like just show you how they call
round
so here's the bag it is rather large
which I don't necessarily hate and see
it's like completely just still all
wraps um I have all the original papers
in there I'm gonna ordered online my
thing was it's like I don't mind a big
bag right I don't mind it something I
should keep it but I did love this small
bag but then it's like I have so many
small bags that I rarely use it's not
like an evening bag it's like a small
day it's like an everyday bag but it's
small is this like firstworldproblems
here like I'm sure like nobody like does
anyone have tag relatable to this like I
feel like it's not but then I kind of
feel like I kind of like a larger bag
even though like my like fucking crazy
like I don't know I kind of like I kind
of like the large bag but I saw someone
with a smaller bag and I went where
everybody else asked them like oh I want
that smaller bag but I'm kind of
thinking anyways I'm high in escape
because I'm also really lazy to like go
in an exchange and I'm I hate returning
things it's like a phobia it's so weird
I like don't return anything even if
things don't fit if I ordered if I were
to or something like out or if it was
the wrong edge don't like returning
things I hate going into store I think
it's like poor people problems growing
up like I this only happened to me twice
when I was like a little girl but well
what give me money to like go we have
this place called Felker's and barnum i
don't it's no longer felt for it even
last time I lived there wasn't filters
and a change was like a lipstick like a
drugstore like but not a drugstore but
it wasn't drunk so I guess I got like
twice and food and it was like a target
was like a mini target for like a
hillbilly town and my mom one time just
like gave me money because there was
like a grocery store like not too far
away from cats toys she'd go in the
gross short I'd go in the drugstore and
like pick out toys or like makeup
they're like wet wild and I would just
anyways I had twenty dollars and I
thought that I sucked at math I was just
like really cutting it close to be like
right at 20 and not thinking about tax
the time does a really little girl and
had to put it back and I would just
remember because it was a small small
town I lived in Byron it's like a town
my high school had like 2,000 people it
was a small small town and basically
like everyone you would know everybody
in a store like you go into a grocery
you know everybody like that's just the
kind town it was and I just remember
someone saw that I had to put it back to
have enough money and like the next day
at school I got made fun of so bad
because I didn't have enough money why
is that making me so emotional I didn't
have enough money and um it just oh my
god I made me like so emotional for some
reason because it's like why did people
pick on me because I didn't have money
like that's so crazy but anyways um and
we weren't poor I mean I would actually
say we were middle-class you know but my
mom definitely like you know we
definitely had budgets we couldn't just
like spend and we weren't in like the
fancy houses of town we were just in
like average you know and towards the
end we ended up living an apartment but
um yeah so I don't know I think that's
like where that phobia comes from with
hearing and playing therapists again
like I feel like returning something
means that I don't have that I was like
I'm poor and I can't afford I don't know
that sounds so fucking crazy I know like
my back and I'm a $2,000 bag but then
I'm like party was like what if I go in
there and they think oh well she can't
afford his bags she's like returning it
and then okay I don't want to turn it I
know that sounds like it's like saying
it out loud and like talking it actually
sounds ridiculous but then but like a
large part of me actually does want to
keep the bag like if it was like a
totally different bag and I just like
was not cute bag which I actually you
know what I have this Fendi bag $7,000
bag send the little break it's not cute
it is not a cute bag it's like an ugly
ugly bag actually and if I just didn't
want to turn it like I just felt like I
looked like that like that was so crazy
to me like so really stupid things I do
in life and that was one of them and
like obviously I can't write and I am
corrupt like I think I think I don't
need a bunch of put eyes on I've never
used the purse it's still in my closet
it's like this flower I should show you
guys it's like and not to say like if
you like the purse like I was like hey
you want to buy it from me like if you
like the person not saying it's like
ugly is the best soup is a bad term it's
because it's all subjective what's an
attractive bag and what's not people
think something stuff should I have a so
tacky everything's a car so I can't
actually I sell not everyone but a lot
of people so it's very subjective so if
I say it's an ugly but I don't want to
show you now because someone's gonna be
like I have that bag I love that Bank
you know what I mean
but it's really not my style but it
looks like a golden girls couch which
some people again could be really into
it's just not my thing
and so yeah anyways about this so we're
but point is I actually do like the bag
well hopefully threat when it's like a
black leather one just like understated
with like a simple skull so you do like
the bag I just wanted a different size
but okay I'm just gonna keep but I think
I'm just go homeless there's that but
using a magazine was really excited to
be in this magazine this I feel like I
have to tell everybody else in this
magazine and it's only a week magazine
so it's like got to get it now and all
sometimes they have like back ones but
love it aim it a magazine mom and famous
ah so cool we got if I was in Felker's I
would be spending my $20 on this oh my
god so funny that's really cool to me
guys I don't know why I think I'm so
cool and people I think I look for
validation in the weirdest places but to
me that's fucking that's fucking
validating and fucking cool I'm gonna go
sings alright why no singing jumper my
cap job with the nomination but you know
copyright
alright guys I will watch you
