this morning get my hair done
like for real no like how amazing its
color you guys like it's not literally
life itself she counted on the gun like
Zoe is like this blonde genius
she works for a hair company and she's
like their blond specialist and she's
like amazing who's ever ever come to LA
and you want some blonde as hair and
like keep it healthy I mean look how
long since all my real hair guys
remember when I was like this big like
literally this big it was like a pinch
like killing him anyways I'm at the
montage it is a beautiful gorgeous day
as the lighting is not good but like
look how gorgeous it is out today ah
we're so beautiful Beverly Hills so
bougie always bring that Chanel and I
come to our play hills roof to the big
you know keeping it classy like my new
bra sticking out but anyways backward
and lighting was good because shadows we
now
oh my god this blonde is so pretty she
did like an extra step today like
usually she's just as fruits today she
kind of got that online gold out of my
hair it's just like flawless I'm like
just actually obsessed I don't even like
care about having Leoben anymore so it
looks so good so half of the day my
dress is from Venus those of you want to
know she'll Paris and clean glasses and
of course my sandals our mystique my
pedicure is horrendous so I gotta get
that done today but I'm actually meet
Sean for lunch so I'm doing today as
hair I'm just like so like so low I'm
like fell off of it okay why is this is
my lunch I never had two defenders here
at Boston OS I got something different
got chicken fingers fries and this guy
I'm starving you hey you guys in the
comments below tell us what the famous
actor actress it's like really bougie
right now it's like a trendy actor act I
need it I need it for something very top
secret by huge like you guys nobody
somebody you all look up to girl and guy
like this as far as like an actor like
an actor that's like cool but not too
pretentious and like Halle was prom king
and king queen like who would you like
we want to be best friends with right
yeah
Bam Bam best what he says so we're
having our little like lunch date
sangria's and
rise and shine and I mean like oh I says
he gets something healthy and they
really help good he gets healthy food
but then meets my nap these fries look
these fries goes right here
you look good back in alive oh this guy
right now it's his birthday everybody
happy birthday again man what was
looking pretty this year my second
birthday and he's literally ten we're at
Leo time we're getting suffer because
we're back to Vega so I just have these
Louboutins at Chevron $10 another
community you know I break some
eyeglasses why I'm an expensive pair
you're so dumb this guy thinks he's
funny of them
this guy right here thinks he's so funny
today cookie Bueller
wait I want a pie music Campanas that
guy didn't show up but I want to pop it
pop it right now come on yeah screw it
get it is it good one
make it a gusher Amy is it hurt no keep
going
Wow is it hurt no it hurt here have her
that I didn't puppet yeah I got a puppet
he has a temple and I want to pop it yes
you said you were feeling sick I was
they love my pagers looks like we're
getting married again we were married
and then divorced in like a month he
left me in a car
oh my god he did no I did not it's a
long story
no trouble you're in trouble she's in
trouble she's in big trouble I might
know yeah
do I get to sell off your time
environment I'm the boss he thinks he is
I let him think that's what he stays
this time and doesn't run hey
yo you're visiting your birthday happy
it's our birthday anytime why we're both
pulling the same day yeah friends
working we're guys we're in this store
right now
I'm a pop and we and we got a gusher
ready
I just coming guys watch that so excited
it's disgusting
after the puss is on my nails already
never the puss yeah you said the foot
the puss is that is a plus plus half of
the puss
I wish you could see how good this is
humming I got I got half of it this is
some shitty lighting in this store all
right Wow favorite Oh
carrying both her mommy we're computing
Wow okay it's like it's half out enjoy
you're going hey pal we can keep going
just squeeze the vision like squeeze the
skin I got ya you said I really sorry
she's popular seriously is it happens
yeah Plus does he care Karen thank you
going to drink champagne she's popping
mine no we're not you know use a needle
okay let's finish out there so we're not
rows trash in sinus or whatever so thank
you thank you so much thank you that
birthday birthday
maybe he'll marry me again birthday that
was a february birthday afternoon
getting a pedicure I'm getting my nails
done for my music video new nails and
new
music video takes place in the 70s so
how to go with red
