guys it's the morning before my music
video shoot and I have the biggest zit
on second mission I only get these
before only could you'd perform music
videos super straight the only thing I
that doesn't kind of sees me a little
bit because otherwise it goes absolutely
nuts this is drying lotion I'm going to
put it on for as long as I can today and
then at night before I go to bed see
just shake shake it up I mean it is good
stuff and I have been using it and
there's one only thing I have been using
it for the past like two three days boom
thing supposed to just dry it out and
like awful ease hopefully flat on that
thing to cover it with makeup
always always things have you stressed
me snapchat Twitter Instagram and I have
been loving this Dragon mania legends
game I've talked about my main channel
what's up oh my god but you're gonna
know a dragon could slow but yours are
be me I got some pretty gold coins pet
your smoke dragon yes please I don't
need to show this on my main channel you
guys I love petting my dragons like it's
literally my favorite when they smoke
dragon other he is some guy
Markel coins I guess like seeing this
like how cute right okay I'm gonna show
you okay so there's different dragons
that you can read all that fun jazz
expired dragon smoke dragons candy
dragons tiger dragons and you all have
so much different levels okay but look
how cute it is when you've had them
watch you just put it on top of the head
it's so freakin cute they love it you
get like all the gold coins if there's
all the different options you can
they'll have a task building decorations
they have promotions card packs these
are all the little dragons you can play
with and you can also what's really cool
about this game is you can keep calling
three on three battles like worldwide
you can upgrade with gold coins or you
can even buy cool coins you get like bad
addicted to it so these are the dragon
pieces you can get in all the different
levels like Michael Matt another
important thing that I press hi guys
love you guys are like I'm just cutting
and heating if you check your to-do list
that's what that's gonna tell you to do
before you can defeat the Vikings the
Vikings took over this island so here's
the to-do list only adult dragons me to
get into battle help your smoke dragon
goal to level form another task that you
can do before I defeat the Vikings is I
have to grow some food for my dragons
because I bought a farm already so now
I'm going to buy some food for my dragon
so they become adult and big and strong
and can okay gotta give all the love to
all my dragons so much money a lot this
one is my little fire dragon anyways if
you guys are interested in Dragon mania
legends I will link it at the first link
below it's completely free on the
Android iOS and Windows they believe
completely free and fun connect with
people build your dragons feed your
dragons petting your dragons and there's
only little dragon family you know how
all people dragons Ilia free so far but
we're growing we're small the mighty
check it out I'll link it below and
let's just wait for this pimple to dry
up and see where the day o signup robic
then even know their CVS has the jungle
comp bowls I'm so over these triple
sized snails are so big like so over
them anyway okay so I'm sitting here
editing these blogs and I realize I'm
kind of out of order with my blog so
dilemma see right there I got my dark
roots so I don't really know what to do
should I include include some of this
old footage because I was going
consistently like up till now as of like
right now on this channel which is the
30 so whatever ones up now has been
going in order do I go backwards do i
mix an old footage with new footage this
is the day before my music video so it's
like the only day that would be kind of
out of order kind of confused and kind
of debating on what to do what to do um
sometimes aren't really excited about a
vlog will do not order but not usually
custom IKEA is confusing especially
because my hair is different I feel like
everything to be like how was her roots
done and then not done and then she digs
it and then did it and then she had pink
nails now she has red nails am i
overthinking that like I feel like what
were they getting away too much I kind
of fail at this daily blogging this
one's really cute though this has a
bunch of like dog footage on it I feel
like you guys would really like it look
let's get rain YouTube famous so should
I upload this and TG I say I don't know
I think I'm gonna just upload this um
I'm gonna mix some new and old footage
so I hope you guys don't mind and then
like I said tomorrow's music because
we're gonna get back on track cause I'm
gonna start fresh and just maybe edit a
bunch of this like hodgepodge
what's that cheese that you put it all
together was it cold
I can't remember um what is that called
- I can't think the life of me I'm like
brain-dead so there's a hey guys BBQ day
before we go angel and Handy's ordered
these um what are they lemon pepper
friends mm-hmm wings that wings up
advertisement right now I'll just eat
this oh you guys look really good doing
that actually kinda hot they ordered
these I've never had them from a wing
stop and they are so freakin Glenn some
pepper fries we were all starving so
we're not going to barbecue I have this
cool trishing and we just ordered an
uber so Julio hey Zeus and ain't on hell
look I gave you oh the moza
what was that um um it was um the lemon
pepper
okay we've been able to find yeah like I
yeah five guys in like around this dog
though yeah dog so deal I'm never around
dog just like he jumped on me from the
water so excited Trish here good go say
hi you're Arnie Hubert Eaton amen
wait why does he do this well we just
got this rug today it's like stretching
ah yes I actually like kind of love but
I don't like dogs don't these on me just
kidding
like you should put on YouTube all it is
you could look at your little bowtie for
the party no way does he always wears
okay it's a gentleman right here
yes gay dad so yesterday I have to wear
bowties Oh
oh he likes the camera oh look at your
time here she's next to a diamond Oh
you
