my gosh I look like Tori Spelling from
like nine oh two one oh I'm so 90s with
this hair right now it's also very like
Drew Barrymore in scream anyways I have
my all-natural hair I'm rocking today's
I'm gonna do some errands now she's put
a little effort into doing my makeup
today because I don't know why not I
like what's so low-key I literally just
put foundation blush eyelashes and some
lip gloss I feel like or lipstick I feel
like I did a pretty good job but what I
want to show you guys was my new daddy
issue shirt you can get a mattress
arpita's got Spreadshirt calm and I love
it in pink I actually saw my girl
mckaela rocking it in pink I want to get
it in peachy so I'm going bra shopping
today run some errands and I'm gonna
come back and film a video for you guys
but I thought I would just um she goes
my errands OTD last if the pink nails so
sad but yeah so American today oh and my
shorts are from I think these are the
Nicki Minaj ones I think you guys are at
the post office and they just gave me
this huge car
how to get this up
try oh thank you I was like thank you so
much I'll follow you in Oh
thank you thank you
thank you for helping me
and I'm rocking my natural hair today
love the middle part with the dark roots
though so 90s shirt of the day is my
daddy issue sure those lady the post
office loved it and I was like oh it's
me she goes oh it is like that's awkward
because it is I know I don't look like
that on the daily but is my trying to
find a bra place sorry there was a weird
lul or cut in there and I took changed
moods there's got a phone call not that
song call but my mood probably changed
from 15 minutes ago and I stalking you
guys earlier trying to find this bra
store that I love cuz haven't been to in
a hot minute you see it's right there -
looks like a mile turn right onto
Melrose Avenue
the place I'm going to is Janette bras
which I actually haven't been to in
years but my favorite favorite browser
from Janette bras their motto is the
alphabet starts at D so they're made for
bigger busted girls being fit you and
they're really really comfortable the
one I'm actually wearing now is from
Janette bras and it's just like so
comfortable that way I don't like just
do sports bras or no bras and start
wearing bras on the daily because I need
to especially get my boobs redone like I
definitely definitely need some bras to
keep my babies in and I do like wearing
bras I do I feel a little more put
together a little more secure you know
um it's not wearing Ross not good for
you but anyways
yeah I don't remember a time out before
the book before a zphone it wasn't even
like a big full I don't know I'm making
it like so dramatic as I've said before
the phone call what was I talking about
Charlie right on to make the Rose Avenue
yeah I'm getting my hair done this week
because my music videos on Friday so I'm
going to get this my hit rate roots done
hopefully like Thursday and then I'm
gonna get like a cup is a cube while I
get a soccer mom kinda way like it could
look really chic if I was like Victoria
Beckham's like statute stature sketch
snatcher I don't think it's the word her
body type is what I'm trying to say turn
left onto Clinton Street and turn left
onto North Oxford Avenue in
three-quarters of a mile the destination
is on your right 43085 Anu
it's not Melrose Oh
Farini
I came down here with Shana literally
three years ago for the first time and
they just haven't gotten any broad sense
so probably close eye looks familiar
mmm the daily like treasure hunter Fitz
glad subscribe with his channel always
exciting trying to find places they said
it was close to my house it is far I've
literally been driving like 25 minutes
instead of 4 miles from my house there
hasn't been traffic either I mean I
don't know the guys are seeing any of
the background behind me but does not
look like a place where like a bra shop
would would or should be
I did my own hair makeup Shay guys
sounds exciting
um I thought my makeup looked really
good and then I like got in the car and
like I was trying to like snapchat and
like live all cute and um just wasn't
wasn't I wasn't happening
and my my bathroom is really dark like I
do my makeup ready in find any place she
wake up
constructed actually not about anything
well a lot of things so I don't know
sometimes you just gotta put a we're
going on yes yeah I love it I hate being
weird mood
it's just weird it's not a bad mood Naga
mood your destination is on your right
43085 Anu
right that jeanette bras hmm
there it is
is it done
okay we've valid it I'm gonna be parking
my car on the street which I don't like
doing but when in Rome all right this is
not the best area town but still early
enough in the day that I feel so scared
to go in
and have a little look-see always always
have Port Royal quarters in your car
when you live in LA
sometimes these if they do take credit
cards now but to be honest I want to
trust it or in some seedy part alright
let's go look for some
this is where we're at right now
this is considered um Easton Lane notice
as soon as I got out of my car
all bright pink
power walk
daddy is she sure
I was gonna come down and get broads but
a bunch of packages in the back of a
park you see on my face makeup does not
match my skin yeah a darker foundation
here we're getting these to think that
this one too
this one chill
a sexy
yeah
like
listen to
some
definitely to get those to you this one
is missing style as
nay or so
comfortable so pretty in here
Success Center it was a success y'all
not my bras expunge them I'll show you
all the bras I got
is first of all wanted or doing it
quicker
oh thank you thank you I'm nothing I
Drive a black one
oh really ha ha seriously fucking time
yeah custom done yeah I did I need a
picture of you yeah what's your name oh
my gosh yeah yeah hey let's do a video
yeah oh my god I'm like I said I was
literally walking yeah
we'll tag on each I'm a fashion designer
you know you're gonna do a perfect
picture oh my god my name is daddy oh my
god it's so funny daddy little alleyway
over here
oh wait right down I'll come around okay
okay as I was about to show you guys my
bras this guy named daddy who's a
fashion designer
was like hey I want a picture by your
car hey I have a studio over here and
I'm like hey I'm gonna come visit it
because you know you don't seem like a
crazy killer who could actually kill me
in your studio don't ever do this guy's
I have a pretty good judgment of a a
character so that's why I am NOT will
see how he's at the a social media and
he's a designer he's gonna give me his
social media name so I kind of trust
that he's he's on up-and-up we'll see
just about to go home and get a
Starbucks but you know what I'm always
up for an adventure
always a for an adventure and that's
what I'm gonna do because I wasn't set
out for an adventure I'm doing
I'll show you get the brazo promise
we're just gonna check out daddy studio
real quick he said his name was daddy
again
I'm about my life though okay I think
this
I love it yeah I'm gonna get I'm gonna
turn my car around okay
and I'm gonna get my photographer to
come out we can have our Giri items like
yes I love that
oh my god it's everything I love it so
everything should do it more you tell me
good this is so funny so random are you
on snapchat
oh my god that was so weird it was so
weird but so cool I like I really did
love him and I loved um the photographer
I kind of loved the whole vibe and I'm
glad I did it
we righted took photos he gave me a
bunch of his um a bunch of his merch
because that he he does these cool
t-shirts I love this one in memory of
when I cared let me to show you all real
quick lighten memory of when I cared
about you I'm kind of obsessed and I
look so oh my gosh I'm like so greasy
I'm so gross I'm still gonna show you
all these bras when we go home I'm gonna
show you the bras i got from Jeanette
for us when I get them because I said
one and but yeah he gave me like a bunch
of cool hats and stuff um shoutout
Daniel I believe is really nice calm
daddy goes I like Daddy I like that babe
I thought that was so cool
but his Instagram is I just start
following him Daniel Sheehan and Shihan
& Co and so yeah I'm gonna pipe host a
picture um but yeah that was so random
Tuesday in the life of church memorize
that oh how exciting this is is to be
going with me like trying to find a
place for bras yeah met that guy which
is awesome so anyways so yep that was
really cool I have to go home and still
film a video like today has been such a
weird weird day it has been a weird day
it got me on my weird mood but it's been
a weird day and so that's where I'm at
at the moment so anyways
ah well I love you guys and um that was
an exciting adventure and I don't really
know what to even think at this point
like I don't even know I had to blot my
face I'm so thirsty dying of thirst ago
back in LA I am a just a best and I told
him to I was like actually I'm glad I
kind of like put makeup on because I was
going to come a real ratchet real real
Bridget and I told him when we put on my
Instagram for like how I can't look
because he'll I live for me but I feel
like he was it for me more if I had my
full glam and makeup on and hair done
you know I know I'll take a weird
insecurity a house I think oh but this
one I really look like even though this
is really what I look like but no no no
this is what I really look like on
social media um anyways hmm I really
wanted to find a Starbucks like I kind
of feel like I don't want to eat a solid
wood day I know that sounds like I'm
promoting a disorder I'm not I just want
to go like not eating solid foods I
kinda just wanna do some like liquid in
me just because my music videos are
coming up and I do eat solid foods or
music videos obviously cuz I don't wanna
like pass out and faint but um paramount
y'all
Paramount Studios look how not wuji it
is that's what they film doctor film
it's literally not bushi whatsoever
anyways alright guys we're going to try
and find a Starbucks I wish they had a
freaking drive-through Starbucks that
would be everything
anyways
okay let's even invite ourselves an
exciting adventure of her strong Tricia
Tuesday Tuesdays with Trish I want
everyone else Epistle hi guys I'm trying
this little pink drink that's on the
secret menu that everybody is talking
about
oh my god it's so good that might have
come crosses a little bit sarcastic it
wasn't this is actually so fucking good
it's so refreshing so we rushing
Starbucks strawberry refresher with
coconut milk and fresh strawberries in
there all the pink drink get it I was
walking into Starbucks and I was like oh
I got the locket because I've gone to
Starbucks I'm so excited and then I
realized I left you in the car
we don't really sketch we're in a better
part of town now but a much better
program but it still it's like really
sketchy is like
leave sorry I was a really distracting
trip back I was worried like why would I
leave my camera in the car so not smart
okay well I just have ten of my first
impressions
sorry guys well maybe you guys know
Scenic's I feel like I saved my snaps my
blogs but I'm obsessed
it's a verdict basically I'm so obsessed
with this this is the pink drink from
Starbucks I am so obsessed it is so
refreshing I think my initial reaction
on um on snaps people thought I was like
beans our asses like and this is good
because everyone's making such a backup
but no it's really really fucking good
it's just the strawberry like refreshers
from um from Starbucks but with coconut
milk and sure she said she could put
regular milk in it but she said she'd
never would have that same effect that
same pace that I read like literally
everybody's been talking about on like
Instagram and snapchat something I got
I'm gonna do always lay on these
bandwagons but um it's really really
good and like I highly recommend it so
I'm actually going home now and filming
things I've been more things I've been
currently loving because I've done up so
many favorites I've done summer favorite
student papers but I just got a slew of
new stuff in like since filming those
that I wanna that I want to share with
you guys and because they are some
exclusive like summer items I kind of
want to film it now and get dropped
because rather than wait till July
favorites and then also to my videos are
always so long so it's like better just
to break them up as we go but
today is a weird day I ventured out
adventures always a wait this is why I
love LA it's why I wouldn't want to live
anywhere else there's always weird
random adventures you never know who
you're going to meet for better or for
worse but I kind of love that kind of
live for it and I'm just excited to get
home huh amazing my safe my sanctuary
so anyways there's AMC but I'm not
stopping at it okay so today has been a
whirlwind day ever since I got home
I just got these teen Tris jackets in
for the weekend I got them from my glam
squad from our music video I actually
have mine on to me show you guys in the
mirror a real plan okay so this is what
the team Trish jackets look like on they
have your name personalized here you can
get these on etsy.com slash shop slash
the L lines of course it does say team
treasure on the back which is kind of
hard to show you every located you
because I don't know how it's going to
show you I was snapchatting since I was
in the mirror but this is what it looks
like and this is what the back looks
like and this is a large so they are a
snug fit just so you know you're
wondering how they fit and my absolute
system they are on my Trish items and of
course Trish for 10% off I love that
okay let's show you guys my bras that I
got the bras that I got ended up getting
action that bras I'm just gonna you
don't want me to place you right here um
okay there's a dirty dish in there and I
really don't want to show it how to
avoid it I guess I could put the dish oh
it's dirty back there okay just turn you
everywhere I'm gonna just lay these out
might be a lot easier
these are not like the sexiest bras like
agent rocket or but they are great
practical bras so I got this one in new
now my boobs look ginormous and bras
right now got this one in silver pick ah
oh hello this one in teal and then I got
one in a red because this weekend I
thought about wearing in your bread bra
sexy assassin right you guys these bras
185 I mean it's good because when you're
a bigger busted girl it's really hard to
find good like support so now the prices
are a little expensive but I haven't
bought new like nice paws in like years
so went a little crazy but so worth it
