I was just craving the biggest glass of
milk and then I saw in my fridge that I
had these left over dominoes brownie
cookie things and I'm obsessed with in
like oh my god I need to I need to so
I'm just having this as a little snacks
I like literally have not even our
shades and I just need a little snack
and this was looking so good I don't
know why a big glass of multi - oh good
right when I'm trying to start my vegan
diet ah swindles all good and this
little um laters baby wine glass and I'm
so cute right
it's from Etsy it's fishy it's a gray
album and it's from a teen I think it's
literally the cutest thing ever and then
of course this little bag is what I
carry to the internet famous premiere
it's still here it's from Louboutin I
think it's so cute I just like never
wear it but I went perfect with my dress
so so a little snack little pink
everything that was too cute and yummy
not shared guys okay I'm gonna eat this
and watch the rest big brother so on
Fridays we wear pink where Pete and
we're bumping up and down in her little
pink wagon bumpin up little buddy Aaron
been happy to already know what Ruffo
I gotta tell my face and with my
beautiful mommy can't really see I know
this is your life yeah that's what looks
so in-person like I can only see your
outline okay yeah but anyways we're at
Foucault and I believe my mom for the
day and you want to sit over here what
we just got nachos Oh make out now you
look beautiful that day it off now Jodi
Ann were side by side you can utilize
four years ago no what was that last
Halloween one of your videos kinda crazy
I think it might be the Christmas video
what is a chocolate fountain standard
that's like the highlight when I come
back here we eat so we get dessert
and that's it and watch TV oh my mom oh
you guys did see that I took her to
surgery last week so we got a surgery
she's dying a little depressed but she
looks good it's my mommy right here love
her so much
the cameras no no no can't see you over
there but anyways my sister we're gonna
meet up with her a little later she was
awesome I don't know the day will bring
but we'll figure it out probably eating
more food
I know that's huge these are what we got
grab pythor's is huge
pretzel look how big it is like
literally is so big and sewing that you
always get the most food when we come
here it looks so yummy
are you cooking my mom you know I'm
going to take a picture for Bailey like
oh yeah snapchat it
there is the beach right there that's
our favorite store in that corner it's
called Diane's we're going to head there
now this is where we just ate at I just
love this little strand of hair shops
this town is so like Kate beer gets in
the way of our genero the counter might
be that so much it's so sweet and it's
going to take home to our chillax
I smell so much cumin happy my mom lives
in the next big town over but we haven't
come over here cuz we're out there guys
this is like my favorite store in the
half each called Diane's
about the cutest up here
super beachy I love this sweat charming
yes but I they look begi
no Q obsessed with the story I always
been so much in here
no not everything I have has been at my
mom who's following me okay guys so this
is from the Manhattan Beach cream I just
snapchatted this is a sweet bun filled
ice cream which I'm going to try in a
second but we also got this butterfly
cookie which is so beautiful I'm gonna
have it for later
mmm YUM and then we got this little box
of macaroons it's really really good you
guys ever come to Manhattan Beach called
Manhattan Beach Creamery and it's so
yummy would my mom stop chatting with
her on her son Jack um so anyways I'm
gonna try this I just really wanted to
just try it oh my god it is so thick
it's like a donut biscuit without look
at that ice cream my gosh Oh crazy
ah oh it's so sticky okay wait
this is gonna oh sorry Matt I'm gonna be
a mess oh goody
oh the bun itself is done the ice cream
there's a lot like I'm to network we can
use Hampshire at mime yep it was are you
guys seeing this right now an ice cream
inside of a donut manage group everyone
we're biting I'm done because so much
that
huh I don't quite know not hold it well
that was like sweet UI that was like a I
was almost true sweet
I've ice cream all my dress woo youth
was like a mint chip my mom says mint
shit is different mint chocolate chip
no I the bun is good that's like a sea
bun mmm
that was sweet I love sweet without room
sweet because the bun is warm in the ice
cream is calm what are your thoughts on
it
Oh like a bun it's like a donut was I'm
saying it's like a Stewie rhyme what's a
sticky bun a sticky bun oh no poor thing
it goes with ice cream yeah it's a weird
it's a weird combination this is a snack
guys that my mom Rena that's buddy
mm-hmm it's all for the snap anyways
it's good but it's not good but you
can't stop eating it because oh my mom
trying to eat this thing is so funny oh
you know my snappy on it what's your
passcode and doesn't meeting up uh
trying to get it in that mail hmm no how
about that and I'm John huh
okay so this is what I got I got this
Hello Kitty to go tumbler normally don't
buy healthy things anymore because you
know I try to grow up a little bit but
this was so cute and it was pink and
this tomb I want to talk about I have a
pink car this was so cute and I really
liked the little butterfly and be in
there and then I put it in this bag
because I bought this bag they're a
little dirty right there actually but
I'm gonna have slope of the bag I
thought it was so cool the Beatles and
then got a bunch of clothes
there's the cookie got this locals only
um I got some those are just plain
sweatpants I don't see anything and then
I got the Manhattan Beach sweatshirt I
showed you guys this was the softest
thing ever and these are just like plain
sweatpants but they looked so cozy and
comfy and I really like with the bottoms
we're like this so they don't dry and
then basically like the first locals
clip it up at because I have shorts like
that at home so that's why I bought some
of I show you guys my shoes of the Dino
strode snapchat but these are the
mystique sandals that I'm obsessed with
and these are my June favorites I love
them so much you can see they don't
really like cut off your ankle they're
really like comfortable that's what my
mom said to me I got you on snapchat mom
said someone's gonna want to youtube
this freezer it's an amazing freezer
look at all these vegan cookies first of
all like so many cookies so many
burritos who else just goes to the
finners house like raid their fridge
there's like a big-ass fire wall we want
the fire boy yeah
shot shot shot shot-shot-shot oh this is
my favorite why I love the peanut butter
one but this birthday cake pumpkin spice
ooh yeah
the auction okay so this is what we got
from post means we got this game took a
foot fetish thing but filming mom's foot
next to it got nasty things adult humor
in a box then we got the opposite which
is like a little kid operation game but
we don't know she said there's a little
new icons on purpose
what are new what's new I won this one
I'm gonna sit in a cell phone so we
haven't played this in so long
my mom's not excited about it but my
sister and I are my mom wants to play
nasty things that's more her speed right
mama we don't know you a nasty thing you
have to a fireball shot yes no not
talking about be a different puppy Oh
guess what you are what snapchat filter
you think you are if I'm smile is a
smile smile okay girls now guess what
filter you have on you the pretty pink
one it is pretty pink do not make me a
fucking to me guess what filter your
tomato okay mom we're playing finish
clear always an advocate and then that's
the way I lash it there any way that you
can finish lyric Rondon here you are
cause there's an airless strawberry
possible baby hey wait what did he just
call them um no
use that there what oh okay which one
did you try what flavor is it I want to
try one I love it huh
okay guys I literally just screamed an
orgasm over this this tastes like a
pop-tart but so much better
mmm how's that one you can't taste them
my gun mmm I wanna we're playing a game
which one to pick nests which we're
gonna get the orange ROM do you want
this one no we're both putting in our
mouth right now oh good mmm I think this
is just chocolate with coyote taste ETA
on food helmets
no that was how many many actual goals
our food is arrived everyone is so happy
oh my god this used to be my favorite
thing when I left at the beach from
Canton weenies YUM
thank you watching a little jet pouty
some jeah party yum I want that pizza in
my mouth okay this is like the main
course that I live for cannellini it has
the best chicken parm ever opening an
old song yummy Oh flub you know you're
excited for PF Changs when you come one
minute before they open no one big
chains but us
I wasn't planning on something the night
last night my mom started breeding like
closed comes to help it at the workout
trip I'm going home but the need is
great en hope I wasn't cooking that
microphone
I'm breaking Michael see movie starting
a bug back at my favorite piaces I was
in Korea together the best secret at
borough
lady asked me if I ever hooked myself
details
I mean they got hurt if I did but this
hair although
oh there's somebody in this PFT
I'm sick mother my heaven they mop it on
him okay
my mommy a PD area except for your
sangria
she only ID'd me and not my mom were you
insulted I was like um yeah scuse me why
only am I getting ID yeah that's right I
was young you had beautiful day she
washed her hair everybody and that's my
man flat iron but I use this card
everyone why do I need my glasses to
know what else you don't know me oh
don't I to change me in any way you
don't know and don't tell me what to do
and don't tell me
mm-hmm there she is my mom everybody
hello
snap her over there cheers Cheers to my
mommy
I'm not sangria is so good and that
cherry bomb all right guys this is our
meal we each got our kung pao chicken
fried rice with our sangria's hi we just
saw a central intelligence which was
funny but oh my god I want to see this
yes that's a good poster right there yes
I want to see that when does it come out
July 8th Mike and Dave looks terrible
but I'll go see it cuz that got friends
in it okay so his movie theater we're in
is in a mall it was like super qua mom
what do you think of the movie is lovely
yummy this is one so cool inside
wait is that called dinosaur that's room
let's just wanna Spencer guess real
quick see my lingeries in there um
Cinnabon some soda
it smells like from the 90s like it has
like Nestle Tollhouse Orange Julius
let's make you here really no it's right
there yeah good shot woman came in this
is kind of a cool wall for in Redondo
Beach blue latte I mean oh yeah okay so
we went to Spencer's gifts reliving 90s
I got so many goodies in there and then
we got the most stuff I thought was me
like for hundreds of 185 I was like okay
that's not bad but this is the mom
because I never check it out okay tore
it plus-sized
the only applause I swore this is what
but I want bugs me about the store is
like doesn't know sexy Alvin you and I
didn't put you in a muumuu like you
won't see that forever 21 they'd be sure
I think you tell them what to do I just
don't like that for um but anyways
it's like that cue store kind of - - the
clothes there's some ways back there
though
there's your vegan cookies mama can see
your supplier Chi let me know if you
guys want to see what's inside this bag
and I'll show you when I get old I got
this Aladdin one because duh and these
were the two I got yesterday and then
have Beatriz that were super cute oh and
this one that says Y can always said
because me turns out what this is our
first time with the filters oh oh yeah
oh pretty a bronze goddess bron.steve in
de if you guys want to spray tan e as
the coach just returned to set off
