what's up y'all I'm coming about what
save it save it for after this because I
love chopped that means I'm dumb and I
know you all hate it so look at that I'm
listening to y'all
I guess I'm sleeping in last night's
weave I slept in last night's weave and
even worse last night's makeup oh my god
I literally like didn't even watch my
makeup off I was like whatever
so it's not in Sean hang up really
really early to dance Wow we're gonna go
dance now get me back into dancing you
guys I I know a lot of you are like like
say oh you don't really look you've
gained weight or anything I just can
feel I don't even know like I don't even
know like statistically if I've like
gained weight like on the scale sort of
thing but um just the feeling I just
don't feel as confident my body even if
I look the exact same and weighed the
exact same I just don't feel like I did
when I dance when I dance I just felt my
body maybe was just toner is the right
word maybe just like a little firmer
which you know I really I really love
they're really like that gave me more
confidence so you know I'm all about
just whatever makes you feel more
confident I think like if my body can
look ascetically better awesome
but even if it didn't look aesthetically
wetters people they're like oh she looks
better than everyone she gets as well
you know it made me feel better so
anyways so we're gonna do at the studio
now I'm so excited while actually
meeting him there um but because he was
like dancing this morning he's been
doing so many dance like so crazy so I'm
proud of him though he's really really
busy working like so proud of him and
other things so oh we had a cabaret I
want to go see you at cabaret is coming
contagious I want to see it so bad mmm
that's right after I got to get tickets
anyways
um I also do I just wanted to wrap up
because I never really searched the blog
last night was the most fun I've ever
had internet famous the movie itself was
so good and so funny me and how we're
like cracking up with the whole time we
all got to say in the fry boat so cool
like we all gotta sit with Shane and it
was just really really I was just so
proud of Shane and we went out to cpk
after and we just had my phone oh no
isn't one of these things again my
charger the charger always busted my car
I'm gonna go in to seek after and I was
just so fun y'all it was just so much
fun I got to meet some of Shane's
friends and I never met before he got to
meet Shawn like we all and we all like
got along his brother his mom like
everyone just was like having a good
time Kate when's he and forever like we
were all just like we all just like
having fun and it was like a big it
really just felt like a I felt like my
family everybody because everybody is so
loving and kind and I am so happy that
like and it's you guys I'm telling you
I'm not this it may sound cliche
whatever but
when you get older you'll go through so
many friends in your life so many people
come in and out of your life and they
probably will for the rest of your life
even when you're older like people will
still come people come in and out of my
life still at 28 but the silver lining
to that is you get to know who your real
true friends are and I just not only are
they just so fun but they're all just
such real people and just down-to-earth
and just we did just chill and eat ice
cream and dance and it was just oh my
god I was the highlight of my night with
a Shane and drew or danced English on
like I just oh any of my heart so warm
they're just like they're just like Oh
like the most important people in my
entire life and it just made me feel old
it made me feel a little good oh my god
I felt uh it was so fun and I think was
fuckin I was amazing and Shane now that
I'm starting out to get edge let's get
trying you know
the congestion problems Shane was was
the best part not gonna lie I mean I
loves to use characters I mean maybe I'm
biases I'm their friend but like I don't
know Shane I like corrective everything
he said maybe cuz his character was
hashtag relatable to me cuz his
character was very my alter ego like me
I'm an insecure emotional like just mess
okay but alter-ego Trish like when I get
my hair and makeup done I'm very like oh
like I am everything you know what I
mean like which I don't think it's a bad
thing to be as long as you don't treat
others poorly I think it's okay to be a
little
um a little like narcissistic and into
yourself you know because this world
will bring us down and of course is here
it was like an extremist of it but I
just I kind of like related to it and I
kind of like loved it
um but it was really good and um I think
I think besides Shane and see butch
again I think I'm a little biased but if
I didn't have to be someone like I
didn't really know that well to be like
the breakout it was um the girl who is
the wobbly work walk girl I think he was
Wendy melt welcome I think is her name
because she was in Shane's unfriended
you know what I saw her yesterday isn't
nice to see you again and then I thought
about ethically maybe we never met
because we were in unfriended but I
don't think I remember which holing up
because I wouldn't say that memorize our
Ricky Dale and I saw the chocolates in
her I saw like Jason Hortons was just
like oh my god nice to see you it's been
like a minute um and then when I saw her
I was like oh my god nice to see you in
a minute but I think it's because I see
her on so many peoples like YouTube and
stuff but she probably would have been
and where there's so many smudges on
this was like why can't I see you she
probably for me would have been me like
breakout star people I didn't know but I
was so proud of Steven Michael and
everybody I'm going on so crazy I
tweeted this but it's so crazy to see
your friends do you like make movies and
it's just it's crazy and see your
friends in movies it's just it's so
surreal I guess because
it's like tangible I think when I lived
back in Illinois
you know when I was like before as a
team like when I was once I like it just
everyone's told me like you know making
movies is not real like it's a real
thing like you can't me like nobody
nobody comes to LA and be a movie it's
like point zero one percent but they're
like seeing my friends do it it's just
very I'm like no people were fucking out
or not maybe I'm going crazy but anyways
I'm super proud front of Shane and
machine I'm so proud of you I love you I
told Matt like 3,000 million times I
love you and I'm just so happy like to
have Matt like I said his friends and my
friends and now we're all friends and I
think that's so exciting
I never know if that person knows me or
they just like my car I don't know I
wave either way
oh we're he's on them and Taco Bell
sounds so fucking good I don't even know
we're talking about
hi Dora I call sounds so fucking good
they have these Cinnabon delights that I
know everyone pies talk about Jacqueline
Hill has snapchatted it I first thought
with Jeffrey star nikkietutorials in
their rolls-royce video like I want to
get them so bad but I'm also doing a
music video and like a couple weeks and
I'm just to be vegan and like healthy
and like whatever at the end of the day
I want to be healthy and I do and it's
just life but sometimes when life's
fucking short get the Cinnabon delights
and I kind of want to try them you know
I don't want to die before having tasted
Cinnabon delights that would be an awful
awful life anyways I am blabbing I love
you guys so very much and I'm so excited
for you guys to see this dance video
again Chavez been so busy I don't even
if I can talk about what he's been busy
with but he's been choreographing for
some amazing amazing amazing people and
stars and I'm just like so proud of him
but he's been busy so we haven't been
dancing so I'm just I'm so glad that
we've had time to dance cos you know
it's like uh like three hours during the
day to like you know dance and I'm sick
of it so Shawn's warming up I told them
my warmup is I'm snapchatting this is my
warmup new restaurant called el compadre
oh my god I'm so cool
oh my god this is so cool
oh my god this is so cute in here you
guys I've never been here Sun has been
here before I have it oh my god Oh see
thank you it was good a near you closer
two margaritas homeless all long fuses
I'll probably yeah you guys see it was
really good really really proud really
proud of trishy we're not dancing
another walk in a while she did amazing
Shalini I got so much fun when I met no
it's good
you know what is that I've never seen it
happen hold the most quesadillas
enchiladas
you buy is shiny dinner
thanks honey for dinner no problem
Salome's Oh does anyone have a
