man look who's back Brie's back finally
my favorite in the whole entire world I
miss yo you like so yeah she just got
done spraying me you guys have seen
Blair before I my channel but brie came
back and she sprayed me today I love
both of them but you know switch it up
got a quick tan once again you know I
love it and they're being soaked well
they said that if you guys like one a
book and use my name Trish if you say Oh
Trish or just the code or whatever like
in-between percent off your first visit
and they do mobile sprays they have
their little like boutique you can go to
beauty by Blair dot mean and you can
book Blair or BRE
I just always go with whoever has the
time available I'm like oh this is the
time I want ok good they're both equally
amazing so we just got done spraying in
this little pot and I'm obsessed you
guys know I love my quick tans for the
summer because the Sun is back for you
I'm so are tanning beds I have a whole
video coming on that but colors amazing
it just got sprayed but you know it's
gonna get gnarrk
so yeah check em out love them so much
thanks free your well she's everything
for Snoop Dogg tickets we're gonna go
see Snoop Dogg I'm so so sure here
well yeah I'm Tom why can't I find you
dang clam almost ready no not really my
hair's not even know but my makeups
almost done
I literally this old angel m'q this is
looking so good I'm getting so excited
he's like yeah Dodd's larry was at duh
getting plan you guys I'm actually
getting glam for something today I was
like what do you get clean for host time
I'm gonna plan for a premiere tonight
I'm soaked
why did it so we gotta make it look
snatched and the hair is finally
complete this awesome Farrah do by my
one-and-only angel we killed it or he
killed it I got here I think that
glamour don't ready is she ready am I
ready guys I think she's ready
you
oh hey everyone welcome to another vlog
of Trish okay I just finished getting
all glammed up all dolled up and I
thought I would you in OOTD for my
internet famous movie premiere starring
me because I'm the most famous person on
the internet its JK I still up from
chains Instagram um no internet famous
is out today and I got a Magister Amir
Michael Gallagher is directing totally
sketch my fave and then of course Shane
is in it and Steve green and a bunch of
other people that I know and I'm really
excited so this is my oh she is so
excited I'm so okay guys oh let me just
tell you like this is the first time
that Sean will be meeting Shane and vice
versa and I'm just I'm so forget excited
but also really nervous because they're
two of my favorite people in the whole
entire world but they also have two very
different personalities so I'm super
excited just like have them meet I know
they're like a bulb like love each other
because I love both of them and like I
just know their personalities they're so
different but I just I'm really excited
from them to meet so um that's happening
tonight um I feel like there's a whole
lot of people are ready because on a
Twitter and stuff people are like
causing drama about that drama which is
bring up drama
look I'm just saying this because it
doesn't need to be dramatic at all I
support everybody involved in the movie
in every way possible I'm totally I'm
adults I know I don't seem like an adult
all the time and I make videos that are
not always add all the time but when I
realized that I'm immature and being
crazy me I'm into it
not saying my feelings aren't invalid
I'm just saying like I don't need to be
putting people on blast on the internet
these days which it's a good lesson to
learn and that's fitting that I'm going
to internet famous movie premiere but
anyways that's all I wanted to say about
that I'm not gonna even go into anything
but just just know I support everyone I
love everyone and this movie I hope it
just really well I'm sure will it's got
an amazing cast is actually written by
Steve green and Michael Gallagher and I
think there's just so challenge I always
have I always had this machine
I always think think they're so super
talented and I was just I was really
actually just honored that they had
invited me when I worked with Michael on
Shane short film you know he's like you
have to him to the premiere and I'm like
really like you know I'm a crazy person
so I get why people don't want to always
include me so I felt really special
included so thanks everyone for
including me Jay and Michael Steve and
everybody I'm excited to meet you
like coming with me cuz he's never met
my YouTube friends so this will be
interesting and I'm super excited and
you guys are coming on iTunes now if you
guys didn't can't see it and see it like
tonight but you might not be I don't
know probably not uh I thought I did
hey guys look who finally showed up Mady
man are you
he's not again my unit good news day I
am you guys I'm just in the middle of
moving and you know it's just
la is expensive and shit
look how cute you look she literally
looks like a male killer I love this
like lots of latinum can you look like a
younger version of them Wow could you
read it be look like him now look how
beautiful she looks so I mean if you
look mom hey everyone um this should I
should have got a pink magic marker so I
got a master dress when we did have a
couple shot I know I'm kidding we did we
don't drink at all hey you look so cute
though I look so good even though he's
dressed and you couldn't find anything
to wear he still looks like frickin high
and that's why it's not fair
Thank You Trish Oh beautiful as usual
thank you that was a different thing to
do grandma grab my arm grab my elbow
beautiful oh thanks
I don't be on my arm like you look
beautiful I hope you all liked our um
our little videos we just put up
everyone on your video the things I'm
upset but the way it should look at
Sean's with obsessive be careful Sean
run so I'm like just because I love him
yeah we just really enjoy each other's
company so what do we say whatever your
new song it is wearing a song come with
us well whatever we're going to
introduce premier you decided one way I
was gonna tell you this
we've never been to a movie together
ever this our first movie together we
just talked about this the other day
we've never been we like watching movies
together but never been to like a movie
theater together yeah but we watched
movies together but not been to a movie
you know that's like our first movie
date Friday we really haven't I told you
this yesterday loss I mean like I don't
like movies cuz I'm a DD but I think
that's just an excuse because I see why
haven't we been in movies I know so sir
first time first movie
we're both devirginizing each other oh
no this is how we have to heal hands now
we can't hold it like interlocked yes I
like that that's too sexual
wait you guys turns me on too much
interlock maybe I'm gonna answer from
now on yes ma'am oh are you in what are
you in the military number you said I'd
like to call the shots and boss things
said look this is it yes boss I like to
call the shots but guess who does all
the who showed up on in hi yes ma'am yes
sorry yes ma'am stop and all I tried to
whistle so I can get in line right away
oh I was a bad apart don't say anything
section well you can now say sexual
things my video you watching anything
sexual
alright well we're almost there so BAM I
am because you made an Internet baby let
me ever see you oh come on no he's an
internet troll by the way like he's a
troll on the Internet
like we're the two trolls that were like
the top has a master yeah guys don't
even know what oh you're a better
childhood you like to mix well I don't
know about any neutral in some ways that
people will never understand you're more
subtle than people know yeah that's
right but we're happy it's movie that
you've already started and I can't wait
to see it you guys drew you here to
clean sorry Queen it's been a minute
Queen in a minute we are just some of
you says Queen look there's another
Queen over there Garrett your queen was
gay boy you're a fraud Queen I love it
so we have Queen three Queen to be
number one oh I love are you so excited
I'm so ready
you look so good we're all here together
one big happy family looking at us you
like that I love it loggin club leg if
we die but I just got nervous that
people are gonna be like bitches oh
really
I'm like I'm internet famous that's what
I say to them you don't have Fame
hashtag your anymore anywhere I say I
have internet baby no pardon no he
barely blogs in private yeah I have a
hard time with it I don't even think
it's like embarrassing I just read this
no let's get this little big little
thing so people know about it because
really it's a passion project came from
the heart or economical yeah we made no
money on it approximately zero dollars
okay go on working on the movie worked
because they believed in the project and
account and don't you just plug it when
people say all that stuff but seriously
we will be passing out laptops in the
aisle so you can take a film and
download it on iTunes we're not going to
do too much preforming prop up here but
do you want it but we do need a
suggestion
yeah and we need it without rabbit now
no I'm seriously a would think um people
who made all this possible namely Lake
Shore mark cream
now go crappy video haha
what is that raising a truce hola
se√±orita como estas
Oh muy bien when I saw Jason order
similar well good night
you
