oh yes I finally have a memory card for
this camera I wonder how many memory
cards like youtubers go through in their
lifetime I go through so many because
they're always like they're always
cutting me off so that means like
packing a new memory card and I always
lose them and carry a memory card with
all my cameras my vlogging camera my
channel camera sharing like a memory
card so I have always left my memory
card in my main camera I mid-water love
this stuff um and just got my nails done
too and I was just like broken on this
one so I'm a bit of a mess today I'm
like a little bit all over the place
just weather being so hot and then it's
me feel so fat because he bloke you like
lawcast charger that I always brag about
it's not getting caught in my purse I
literally just made enough I just show
you guys I literally just made or not
trying about out that was so dumb
um anyways long story short I finally
got some more SD cards I got plenty of
SD cards if they ever get corrupted or
they don't work or something I can just
pop them out and not share because
vlogging and I was like you should just
walk instead of snapchat and I love
snapchat so that's like not an option
but at the same time I kind of didn't
really have a choice so yes I did just
get my nails done again I know I just
got them done I'm going to get them done
like a week and a half because um my
music video and I wanted to get
different nails cuz takes losing 70s and
obviously these are not somebody's nails
but those blue and gold were driving me
nuts like I thought I liked it look at
first I thought I liked it but mm-hmm
no ma'am I did not like
back up like a creeper on to this guy
cuz he's just standing at the corner
yeah so I'm recording today Sean's
coming by stage the recording studio
he's gonna do some background vocals on
one of my tracks and then we were
working on a song together pre breakup
and so we're gonna like to finish that
we don't know what we're gonna do it
that we're gonna offer making the video
because it is a love song so I don't
know we're gonna do the video or and
I'll just release it on iTunes
that's is the I record here's a I'm jus
start releasing it I recorded so many
songs actually like actually record a
lot because I know I think I've always
wanted record you know and come on like
buy songs on an album but I record a lot
a lot of songs a lot I separate release
them because I'm like oh yeah I get over
them by the time we're done with them or
like I don't have a good video concept
or I don't want to put that much money
into a video because I don't like if I
don't absolutely love the song um so
we're kind of just figuring I love the
song that weird we did together I love
all the songs we do together because I
have so much fun with him but I'm just
trying to figure out like where to go
now with it with everything we're to go
with our lives really but yeah
my sky man um it's a weird awkward time
to words like I kinda get doughnuts for
the recording studios I love bringing
snacks and treats um but it's like then
I might be late it's either now I'm
gonna be early forget the Johnson movie
late like so I guess I'm just gonna be
early I don't know
I really wanted to doughnuts for myself
and for the blog to show you guys for
the vlog but okay let's talk about some
topics one I love that everyone's like
you're copying him mojo Tamm mojo I love
her I just own a hot Rastamouse I'm I
know who she is I just don't know how to
brown smelling everything oh my god
you're copying her because you're
wearing a center part in your hair
straight bitch I have been wearing my
Center part hair straight like even when
I was like 18 lick know before like I
went out literally when I was like in
the fourth grade I've always worn a
middle part it wasn't until my hair tie
breaking off that I started doing the
side swoop the bang thing but then I
like even in my adult life I'm like 18
to 23 like all my pictures on my studies
are like a middle part every single I
just and if anyone I mean I feel like
Gigi is that signature look is a middle
part like I feel like that should be
more like oh you're come put there's a
big male part and straight blonde hair
it's not really comping anyone because
literally it like so many people have my
hair but I'm not like a mad Radha it's
just like so annoying like it's so
annoying
like she can't be original she's wearing
a center part with straight blonde hair
bitch what I'm literally so I'm like
gold and that's not I'm not saying that
icon does anyway or a good thing cuz I
fucking hate being old but bitch girls
been around the block okay the center
part ain't nothing new so all you little
twelve year olds chiming in no offense
to the cool twelve-year-old with a
little bratty twelve-year-old you know
mind your manners
learn your learn your shit learn your
skills
Saturday it's a Saturday wasn't gonna
work um but enemies know people like our
just stupid but then he think you know
what I'm just saying twelve girls moon
realistically is probably like miserable
likes if Gerald woman like in the
Midwest just like hating their lives
like that one girl I'm about one girl
who's like talk shelling a bunch of
youtubers men her channel got deleted I
forgot her name but she was like
literally like six years old like
talking shown you do risen like her home
hmm
what are you doing up you're almost dead
let's not be talking shit before we die
we gotta like start being kinder in our
old age and and me I take mattered I say
sir behind her my old age because
cattiness and fried anus and mean girl
shits for like literally for like
highschool middle schoolers really fish
alone over at my high school you got
problems but middle schools where that
mean girl shit needs to be left okay we
can forgive your middle school you're
still like a little client if you're
gonna be a middle school brat but still
like we can forgive you more
I get a little help I'm a little crazy
um but yeah so we're going to record and
I'm just after status whether it's hot
it's a heatwave I'm if you guys watch
all youtubers I'm sure they're all going
to be complaining this weekend about the
weather it is hot like sweating and I'm
wearing jeans but like I've been in air
cushioning so it hasn't been really a
bother shouldn't like step outside my
car and I'm like I'm going to die that's
when it affects me but oh my god there's
like no traffic either it's a notice a
Turkish Saturday that's it gosh I got
those but I'm like way in opposite
directions
Oh gotten super Tommy go get doughnuts
Trish do I listen you know what else
made me I think feel really disgusting
not if I'm just sitting at home all day
myself pants eating pasta for lunch and
not an issue that's when I have to like
get dressed
Wow I like pasta shame behind me that
makes a lot of fucking noise the pasta
in my stomach from lunch day is making
me feel like 5,000 pounds is like
weighing me down
putting a damn um but yeah
need a spray tan that's one thing I wish
I was getting right now mmm
Hollywood where I live I hate it don't
move to Hollywood in deicing Hollywood
looks glamorous or looks amazing it's
not I want to move out of your ass out
at my place but like I don't like the
location I don't like the people all
that job so anyways I am going to figure
out what I'm gonna do because I have 40
minutes and I'm willing like 20 minutes
away so I don't know what to do when we
get some gas or something how do we love
these new nails so much more me I love
blue nails for some reason maybe that
blue with that pole it just kind of
awkward or maybe just blue and this I
don't know there was something that was
not I was or maybe the blue with the
shape of the nails that I have maybe
seen more like I almost passed that one
was like really didn't like the blue the
first time but something didn't look
right
with this shape of nails so I just I
don't know I think like short blue nails
like the color I had probably little bit
but that gold was throwing me out I
think too it was just kind of like
awkwardly place I don't know I just I
didn't know I didn't know what to do I
wanted to do this blue
doesn't matter it literally doesn't
matter but I love you guys so much I
really want to see Hamilton so we're
gonna find out what I really want to see
you in ten oh it's so frustrating that I
don't live in New York when you're like
a Broadway junkie like I am like I'm not
living in New York is actual torture
like it's actually the worst you know I
get to go to the grocery store
does anyone else like to kill time at a
grocery store I kind of do but maybe not
this grocery store leave me alone
we need a studio city grocery store I
want look good oh hey piggy laughter and
so we know this okay I'm gonna go ahead
and go and I will see you guys soon when
I feel bad that I hadn't been vlogging
in like a hot minute
stupid me stupid of those stupid cards
whatever not excuse excuse
okay so yeah I love this and I will
speak at you all soon Shawn's doing my
background vocals back before you you
don't anything my song to me no you
don't get to sing my song to me doesn't
work that way nope I did fishies
we're gonna fight oh now it's sugary
substances against protein that's what
it is
dumb this swedish fish
I'm that Swedish bitch English pea
hey kid on smack Jaime just he'll try to
have less personality because he's in
the background jazz R&B Britney
everything he's literally trying to belt
it out cuz I was going to make you happy
I'm like here cuz I'm yo circuit ah know
then that why he's here
you take this room yeah yeah yeah I'm
done I want to go home mom you would
realize I'm pulling your leg and your
left boob stem aside whatever
so we're recording he's finishing the
background vocals and that's what we're
doing right now what do you keep
checking out your weave for I like to
look at myself and I film you know
drying out Sean's over there producing
hi mate isn't any heading out Sean
because he's wearing happy fat in the
world tell em you can't be happy though
you won't even ask we're just finishing
up and sleep in until you
this
yes sir
here's the truth
and I see you
you
