okay guys I'm checking in to a hotel for
the night because tomorrow I'm Jay gonna
Adam and Eve shoot this is crazy I want
to use that sparkly app on my outfit I
just realized how glittery and sparkly
this outfit was I love this dress this
is just a cheap fashionable dress and I
wear it all the time I love okay you
guys so this room is is awesome it's
like the penthouse at this new hotel
called Sofitel I'm going to like a full
hotel room tour but like this view it's
raining what wasn't raining earlier and
it's just like so beautiful this view is
like absolutely stunning
so I'll fire please my sister set that's
my room in there I guess it's really
nice so the same price as the London
hotel that I saved in last week for a
shoe really really nice
and kind of cool is I'm staying here for
two nights so I'm excited this is like
first night Edge's checked in and how
much shoot early in the morning but
Jason dr. jason has kids know it's like
Jim cook dinner and I'm like this is so
perfect cuz I was like already dressed
up for this shoot here that had today
and then I went tomorrow and then also
I'm gonna surprise him so he's like he's
like Oh cuz he's been taking me out a
lot lately and I was like I want to
surprise you so he said you wanna get
dinner and then he's like somewhere a
nice like I'm really excited cuz we
allowed him to be casual dinners like I
don't know so I'm taking him to one my
favorite place is Barton G's he's
literally gotten me every meal that
would be John like I'm taking about a
word of art and geez I hope he hasn't
been there it's really exciting
thank you really feelin myself in this
lighting um passage' my own makeup
stained this dose of colors sand is my
favorite color ever I love it so much
that I'm using Pat McGrath eyeshadow
palette like go mean um yeah it's that
place that I take my sister for her
birthday and has like really fun drinks
I loved I love drinking hopefully we
won't be getting any drunk E blogs
tonight but I haven't like I feel like I
love hotels I can honestly wish I could
just be a supermodel and travel the
world and like eat great food like a
plus-size supermodel because then you
can eat great food and drink whatever
you want and then just like travel the
world stay in fancy Oh touch love hotels
they put me in such a good mood and I
know everyone like Trisha so excited
like this again in my neighborhood this
this hotel and prepared like that's so
excessive but honestly it has been like
for work stuff and like obviously my
patreon stuff I was gonna do like really
sexy shoots
so yeah I'll do it more like an overview
but there's just like a little sneak
peek but I wanted to show you guys
oh I have a little let me sit on my sofa
over here real quick so I would sit
outside but it's kind of a wet on the
actual furniture cuz it's been raining
here not like get my boobies in hot and
lime and it's killing me with enough
meat okay anyways not about the boobs
make sure they're wet and I just put
them in a cup shelves not good um on the
way over here earlier today there are
these people next to me they're like a
bunch of young kids I was eight like 18
to like 24 maybe
and they were laughing a lie and taking
pictures of it Carly not a big deal they
couldn't make a fun of it they could've
just been laughing cuz they liked it who
knows whatever the case may be like I
initially kind of took it as like they
were like laughing at my car just that
was the way I took it and I don't always
take it like that but anyways then the
boy in the back he's probably 1819 um
just it was like hey hey hello like just
really loud like yeah like it's actually
scare me when he first yelled it was so
loud and I was ignoring him we were at a
stoplight and I was ignoring him and
then he's like I'm a big fan and I just
continued Noren him and then when I
drove away they called me a bitch you
guys if you yell like Trisha like that's
one thing especially if you're like
excited I don't really love the yelling
we've we've learned this I don't love
the yelling like if you're across the
way like Trisha Trisha like if you're
just doing it to be funny with your
friends or to see if it's me or
something like that I don't love it like
if you see me across the street and
you're like you wanna picture like Raja
like that is cool I had another guy be
like Trish I saw you got your lips tan
you go girl like it's definitely in
context it's definitely in the way you
say it but like if you're being rude or
you're trying to be funny or showing up
to your friends or whatever the case may
be like I frickin I'm gonna just we're
so bad there i freakin freakin hate that
shit like I hate going to score whatever
I hate it so much it's honestly like not
only is it super rude and like just
gross to yell at somebody like that like
if you are a watch or viewer like why
would you do that and why would I ever
stop to say how do you like that's it's
just so rude like it's so rude I
couldn't imagine doing that to anybody
much less someone I watched and if you
if you hated the person why even
acknowledge them you know what I mean
like if I saw something I'm not gonna
just like it's just it was just annoying
like that's my biggest pet peeve
obviously love meeting people I love it
so much I always say I love it so much I
love when people scream with excitement
I love all of that like that's great and
like I said if you see me cross
genericized or whatever like aurilla
screaming the carnage it like I've had
people scream on the freeway and that's
me school like that I thought you know
if you're excited and happy about it but
these people were just okay hey hello
it's like no like that's not that's not
adequate for anyone even if you know the
person it was just I kind of like just
pissed me off
and then they call me the bitch shows at
the audacity of that it's like okay
whatever anyways I'm not gonna let it
ruin my night I'm gonna take a picture
with that kira-kira
you guys know that app that kirakira it
makes everything sparkly I'm gonna see
how that looks with my my fishes these
are everything I get these on Etsy site
called the blue dazzled I think and then
I got my Japanese hey yeah I really love
these they're expensive these are
expensive these like Milano's but
they're like Sawatzky so they're really
shiny and sparkly blue delicious string
yes oh my god this is Jason's first time
what do you think of it so far I feel
like I just want to like
like I would never want to work again
and look at all the stuff if everything
is so snapchat and Instagram II that's
why I thought it'd be every day so he's
getting a drink
Jason like never ever drink some he's
like oh I'm gonna go check if I go this
is everything as a so exciting it's been
literally so long since we've seen each
other no no Jason your face right now
ten years old yeah but what is that like
what is it supposed to be just like a
statue or is it something this is the
symbol for justin was wrapped around her
I don't get what that to do a scallop so
what does that to do a Scouts usually I
have like a theme like the Buddha with
the Buddha listen dream do we now forget
the title of the
Oh drink with them like do you sell the
one with the chocolate monkey on it yeah
okay can I get that one alright here we
go first bite
are they good are you being exaggerated
really hey you guys may drink number two
I love this it's like a little chocolate
monkey drink I don't know what salt but
with the recent like hmm shuffling maybe
it's bad timing I think it's cute he's
entering over there I love will chill
you are tonight you are literally so - I
don't understand it you like show me or
no yeah I love tell you I love - yeah I
love chilling you though you're like
such an adult's my filet for being
skinny together and sharing a meal I
think that was look in here like I will
share a meal help me attack fries even
though Jason did not
they were like every lie yeah
we have bone marrow butter and then
we got it all right right I think that's
like sauce sauce wait really are you
just making that up it's like it's not
sauce it's like things are this thing a
good morning of vlog I did not want
anything so this will probably be all in
one so it's a new day I just showered my
hotel robe which is so comfy
I'm going to go back later today after
I'm done with everything I just did a
hotel room a bong and there I just did a
get ready with me like real edition on
patreon where I could be like naked in
the shower and stuff like that
this is what I woke up to this morning
just absolutely just pure gorgeousness
so now I'm waiting for my glam squad
which is just Adam which I love not just
Adam he's amazing you do hair and makeup
my face looks a little puffy probably
just a big ass breakfast before a photo
shoot
yeah this is such a cool room I love it
so much yeah but doesn't rain today
because it's so clear and beautiful it's
been raining so after the rain you
always see it's super clear I'll go out
there when I get shoes on but right now
I don't have any shoes on because I just
got the shower mmm I guess feels so
relaxed so my mom's actually coming so
the plan for today is I'm doing an a
shoe for Adam and Eve make a video um I
never have to go to these locations a
lot of people are like how can we start
going to these locations around me it's
just fun for me I just and I feel like
if it's fun for me it's fun for you guys
to watch so I'm doing that and then I
have an Access Hollywood interview later
today which is very exciting Universal
so my mom's coming out for that and then
I kind of do a spa day with her actually
I don't have to look it up oh no this is
the spot menu so I've made juice move my
mom maybe I'll surprise her and then um
we're gonna probably go get dinner or
something like that and then yeah I
might meet up with Jason a little later
again today actually after dinner last
night I gotta take this out after dinner
last night we ended up going over to the
like apartment they always still mat
there's food there my patients they
bring my phone over and adjacent battery
died so I'm like that's why I was closed
so I just let him use my camera for
vlogging so obviously I'm in a lot of
Jason's law cuz you guys want to
subscribe to him shout-out to him but no
he blogged most of as much as I do
but I really walk over there too much I
love everybody but I never want to be
like that person that like new person in
like a friend group that's just like hey
me too I are they wanted care obviously
it's actually a really cool environment
over there just because everyone does
film like it's cool I'm so not used to
that at all like and I'm you guys I'm
alone a lot so it's really cool everyone
like couldn't be nicer to me over there
like they have like their whole like
they have a big like squad I guess I
don't know if that's like weird to say
like a squad but they do they have like
a big friend group and it's just cool to
me because like I've never had a lot of
friends and then I could see everyone be
friends for so long I know how much like
very very sweet
I think that's Alex and this guy named
Dom's apartment well obviously you guys
watch them you know they are but um
they're always so kind to me and so
sweet and then even a couple new people
yesterday that I hadn't before uh I've
seen Jason because he loves that guy
stuff he loves like filming and like
they all look like they out there all
like happy and having fun like I love to
be a part of it even if I'm like quiet
I'm actually really shy I always say
that a lot of people like Trish you're
not shy I actually really am shy
especially don't know someone it's it's
a weird thing well I'm better one-on-one
for sure with people so like just in
general I feel like less judged not that
anyone judges I'm just saying like I
have this weird thing in my head that
people are always judging what I say
it's very that's why I'm 30 and like
neurotic and almost crazy shake my head
but
and then I do find some when I connect
with them that it can be really
comfortable with like someone like Jason
or like you know just there's a very few
people there's a handful of people that
I feel like I can truly just okay just
be myself with so but like like I said
every time I warm up to people like it
just takes me a minute but I do get
really shy and um also I've watched like
all of them with all their videos and so
I feel like it's a weird thing I kind of
get it when I don't know like when you
watch people it's kind of like it is
kind of weird than all of a sudden to
like be like around them you know what I
mean like I don't know how I was with
like Shane too when I first met I was
like oh my god like I watch me was like
so weird but they're all like I said
really sweet and everything that I think
he's always in my head and I was like
huh bye girl
John I hadn't long after that I was a
little drunk I three drinks last night
but I suffered up pretty quickly
actually and I didn't even wake up with
a hangover or sick or anything which is
like kind of weird for me um so that's a
good thing yeah but then we owe and then
we just came back here I think you
bought that - we just kind of watched TV
and hung out and that was really fun and
then was how to go early for the day so
yeah it's good my little staycation blog
but with my going on actual vacation so
I gotta start losing weight for real not
today though not today today we are
dining we are feasting my life all the
time but I really do want to get back
onto like a diet diet lose weight good
just working for myself to feel bladder
that's it but anyways plan is today
should I put that breakfast out when
thinking about it whoa I feel so good
that shower was amazing so then my god
side note I forgot to mention this and I
was looking at actually before I went
out brandy actually texted me Brandi
Glanville really house I have barely
Hills name-dropped who I love she was on
some food brother with me she actually
text me but I saw a bunch of tweets
about it - about I was on Real
Housewives of Beverly Hills last night
Lisa Rinna's daughters showed a clip of
me eating - Erika Jayne and Lisa while
they were on vacation i guess which i
think is so iconic wasn't that they
watched my videos but - that they showed
that one show that to them but three
that i made air like do you know how
much stuff they shoot that that gets cut
like i was so shocked they aired that I
was like okay
but it's really cool and I'm reading the
messages and stuff now and I saw the
clip and they were really like nice and
sweet about it which I'm not used to
actually people like using my videos for
being nice usually they're like oh my
God look at this dumb bitch you know
what I mean um so that was really cool
to see so shout at Lisa's daughter as
they were so pretty I was like oh my god
they were so like grown I don't I didn't
know she had kids at age I thought she
would have like little babies but I was
really cool and I love Lisa Burnett
Erika Jayne I think they're so beautiful
so I was like home leave it like Erika
Jayne well you guys know I have like
dance to her music and said like that I
think she's kind of everything in any of
the dancers we've ever shared like I've
danced with some of her dancers like I'm
always like like Sean actually used to
not bring up Sean but Sean used to dance
for Erika shoe he's like I know Oh
Cedric Mike where he stands for her so
it's like I always asked so many
questions I think she's kind of just
fabulous
and that was really cool to see him my
mom's obsessed with Lisa Rinna so when I
see my moms they have to tell her I
think she probably eats but not to show
her the video clip so that was really
cool so thank you and as I told Brandi I
was like you know what that's cool and
all but doesn't mean doesn't it's not
any better than me being besties with a
real a real OG housewife which is Brandi
Glanville who I feel like it's kind of
just an OG and just like a staple of
that show so it was really cool okay so
we have just finished up the patreon
shoots and the lingerie issues with
Isaiah killin it always they love you
they were tater tots tater tots
we love tater tots so now we're into our
obligatory selfie my favorite chicken
strip but that just sounded weird all
right we are at the Embassy unite rest
up well day what have you been on walk
today come on I'm even on my love today
in bed well oh you were oh yeah yeah
yeah I picture we're doing our foot oh
yeah oh that picture it's over much to
the interview with Access Hollywood I
don't I have the same hair today it's a
kind of language you look you don't get
out oh you do make that pass on my OGG
man jumper then we're gonna go eat
master our thing I'll be down is it a
shot so I'm showing this screen it's
like everything oh you're looking at
that yeah are you doing I just thought
that looks so cool
yeah we're doing a segment for Access
Hollywood about eating so it's exercise
you can learn how to move bomb yeah I
don't say this smells so good I'm I
cannot wait for I talk didn't know what
I was doing they like you're not like do
a little Mook bump session I was like
this is everything so we need yes oh my
god everything hey guys just want to let
you know that Access Hollywood my
segment will be airing of this weekend
on the actual TV show it's super
exciting and I was told that I was gonna
have different clips throughout the
month so be sure to tune in to Access
Hollywood on the weekends to see my TV
spot he'd shout out to Access Hollywood
for having me on their show
I look at my mom in there too because it
was like that wasn't really well they
were so nice both the hosts were so nice
I was crazy I was so excited that was
like so weird it felt like him I was so
weird that I'm like promoting I guess my
youtube channel I was like this is
bizarre and I loved it and they were so
sweet he knew so much here like Oscar
was knew so much I was like a guy man oh
my god it was so they were all so nice
that was so cool like the Jets was gonna
air they said throughout the month they
said there's gonna be some on the
weekends so yeah so it's funny I was
like I had bring my mom cuz I was like
mom like we watch these shows all the
time we so I was like she loved inu is
extra Access Hollywood so that went
really good and ya had so much fun oh my
god that was like I love doing stuff
like that I feel like such as like a
celebrity I was oh that's really good
okay it was funny
well thanks for coming mama with me now
come here to go get dinner or drinks or
both so excited
yeah oh thank you all right we were
waiting for this we've been counting
down what was that okay you're signaling
to the aliens we've been counting down
till our food time and out who time yes
enough time for that rented out the top
floor of masters Beverly Hills I would
love that
this acquires I've ever seen oh it's
everything
that's my mommy my print my favorite
date bars right hand you're my date
my favorite date right here oh yeah
right here a date
whatever I can't count I don't need'em
awesome that comes through for me I must
have 7th everything gotta be good yeah
great thank you
not so yummy got crab cake shrimp
cocktail and the pretzel bread
really yeah you like my hot shebang
oh my gosh you guys we got mac and
cheese steak lobster tail and potato a
little cappuccino huh I got some right
here a little sugar cube right now I can
grab it
come on sugar to you
are they their boutique masters alright
guys I hope you enjoy this the longer
today I have to add it's a bunch of
videos now because I shot a bunch of
videos and now we have to edit so first
let's go to snipe or see if there's a
snack first real problems and back in my
robe anyways I hope you guys enjoyed it
was kind of good to day in one vlog oh
god I wish my hair tomorrow beat my hair
my hair color done I hope guys enjoyed
this vlog I haven't been vlogging as
much as I was trading vlogmas but I want
to get back to it oh I have one morning
to say it one second I don't even want
to bring attention to it it's why I just
did like one tweet and then done and
then I know he's also just dealing with
a lot of emotional distress right now
but because shame is one of my best
friends and we have we just get closer
and closer and I've known him for so
long and he's like the most amazing
human being I've ever met like and now
it's come out to that I'll be the
channel that posted a video about you
guys know I'm talking about you know if
you don't it doesn't matter it's not
important because it's gonna be
irrelevant but the fact that someone
could make up lies and slander and
manipulate you know audio clips I hate
it I've been through it it's awful it's
the worst it's actually so disgusting
it's why the Internet can be so
disgusting and I hate it the wonderful
thing about it is that everyone is that
even met Shane wants knows he's like
this amazing person but like I said as
someone who knows him inside and out
like it just it's it's just so
disgusting and it's like the fact that
anyone can just make a video and label
someone as something is so gross and so
scary and I hate that so much but
obviously it's come out now that it's a
bigger thing and that someone was
purposely trying to sabotage him and
bring him down and take the attention
off other things and I think
just so gross and I have no idea how
anyone can make this right but I just
wanted to say you know like a lot of
people you're not tweeting enough or
whatever and for me and we talked about
this I mean haven't talked about this
before it's kind of like sometimes just
not adding to it like he said his piece
and his statement it's just I wanted to
at least acknowledge something because
some people have been asking and I just
and said I don't need to because you
know we were like I said we've talked
about it something like something
obviously we know each other in person
but I just you know I just think it's so
gross and I think it's a bigger issue
and a bigger problem because anyone can
just say anything these days and I just
it's so scary and I don't know what the
resolution is or like how to fix
something like that because once you
have something like that labeled on you
it's and and it all everything like
blows over and people forget but like I
know how that is I know how it is or
it's just like to even manipulate
something to not show a full clip of
something what he's already said in his
video like it was it was bad jokes and I
was talking about this earlier Jay to
somebody like they even with the Logan
Paul thing or whatever you know I said
horrible things and videos in the past
that I've taken down that like are
terrible that people still bring up and
then some people still like not
everyone's seen some of the horrible
things I used to say for a shock value
and stuff like that and it's so scary
too that people can take one clip and
then twist it a certain way but also
when people dig up stuff from like 60
years ago and like it's it's obviously
trying to bring someone down and
obviously it's just it's just gross but
the one thing about Shane is he's just
an amazing person an amazing human and
good always triumphs over evil I truly
believe that I and obviously the truth
came out quicker than anyone could even
see like that channel was taken down
it's such a crazy story and it like it
honestly makes me see it like it makes
me physically sick like I don't it's so
gross to me and I I just I can't even
imagine I can't even imagine like I
can't imagine but will he's going
through and they're watching his video I
just it's just it just sucks because
he's
it just sucks but like I said the good
thing is it's literally everyone
supports him like that you said you like
I said it's like you meet Shane once you
know what a good heart he is but like
also just he's just sincere and genuine
it's why he's been around forever bad
people always come to like the light
right and he's just he's just not a bad
person at all like not even an ancient
just it's just all so gross so gross
that people can do this kind of shit it
makes me so mad it's just like honestly
like I've just I've never been more
upset like I that's actually supposed to
go out and do something tonight and then
I was just like I don't know it just
think Mimi said I gave me a sick feeling
like I just don't trust anyone anymore
it just like was so gross but regardless
everything passes but it doesn't make it
right because this is something that's
so damaging to not just a reputation but
it's like a person's heart especially a
good person's heart like it's it's so so
gross like oh it makes me sick and I
hope there's some sort of repercussion
apology or something because that needs
to be not right and Twitter is so
disgusting for putting that as the
headlines and putting his name next to
such an awful false accusation like it's
so gross it's so gross but anyways all
your guys's love and support even if
you've never met amiss across time like
it's been really cool to see like
everyone just had backed him up and was
able to take down that video and the
channel and all these allegations so
quickly and people are just determined
to keep his name clean and be like this
is not what are you doing so it's cool
to see that but just so gross I don't
know why this world just can't be honest
and just I don't know this world
standards
it's a messed up but anyway it's like I
said that just paddle off Shane more
than anybody maybe literally more than
anybody in the whole world I've always
said this he's always been my consistent
my upper like every he's just I love him
so much and like I just don't love
anyone like he's he's a good good person
and I mean I don't there's nothing else
I can say I just I just wanted to say
and reiterate and as much as I can
without making it a thing because I just
you know I didn't want to bring more any
attention but you know having seen
everyone else like show support and
bringing the attention is what brought
truth to light and so in that sense I
just I felt like you know just say some
things I don't like to feed into stuff
like but this was it's just so gross and
just I don't think it could never be
enough support for something like this
so I support I love and that's it so I'm
gonna go guys
I'll see you soon and yeah I'll see you
guys soon I was going to like an ending
but like I kind of just grossed out by
all I guess
