hey guys outfit number one this is
picked up by hey Zeus an angel
snapchatting you know in my Kylie Jenner
wig today I love it
my favorite something here ever is the
top chocolate Lisa or not those are at
the Rope everyone is living for my hair
day
you guys look at this broom so cushy
it's like a personal shopping room I
never been in one of these angels trying
on clothes we're watching him this is
fun
personal shopping I never been in this
before our personal shopping room in
everything I live for this aren't y'all
go into the recording studio my favorite
place to be in the whole entire world
so much fun kitchen setup dr. Boushey
studio I love this one mark is out of
town
to my OTD husband Ruiz I think I make
because my hair was just not having it
today
oh there's OTT here I know I shouldn't
stop it up a trillion times I'm just
living for this hair that you can't see
what you do here because I Clos in the
dark finishing a mash-up play oh oh I
always have a phone what's happening
today
I'm leaning this way how about a word
tomorrow into a time you know oh my god
becoming Kylie Jenner though I feel like
I'm not gonna good blogger today feel
like I've just turned the camera on on
very irrelevant boring moments in life
but usually course option s or something
hmm
so this is inside the recording studio
that's the recording booth that's where
I record this is the setup it is so nice
in here I love this recording for you so
much my engineer hi mag it's gonna be
coming they always have the abou gia
stuff here the bushiest setup there was
gonna look really fancy water like I
just love it so weird not be here
without mark or Sean Sean supposed to
come tonight but he's gonna come
tomorrow did I just cover I suck um but
she was gonna cut him alright but
because he had to teach last minute but
it's cool I love hi Mae and we're gonna
make some music i got the first mashup
back we did a beatles mashup it sounds
so good so i'm finishing the brittany
mashup today my Kylie Jenner wag and
just just chillin oh so do ya and
snapdragons I just snapped I was shy
he's so sweet he works here he's an
artist - he does like drums and he's
just really cool and I just snapped
ratted because this drink that means
Sean well Sean got me hooked on it
he's like the studio I love the energy I
love the vibes and we always get shit
which is what I like so yeah waiting so
quiet in here it's so quiet Scoob it's
Friday like wants to come record on
Friday me this is like my idea of fun so
you
