oh my gosh us today has been the
craziest day ever and I haven't walked
any a big thick front my camera I said
my mom to surgery this morning yeah I
like where I am and I was like 5 p.m.
but can I just say like how crazy I got
a little shipment for salt this is like
I'm shaking roba says anyways you'll see
in an upcoming video swing videos for
you guys but this water though you guys
diamond water like bougie ok so I saw my
friend Sanders talk about this on his
monthly favorites and I was like I need
all of that diamond water and I was like
fifty dollars like I think I couldn't
twelve them eyes gave some to my friends
but how cool is that I would try better
one mess at my lips but I thought it was
really cool so I thought I'd show you
guys but anyways umm I'm filming a video
Sri by my house is like super super
clean right now cos people came and
cleaned it today I love these days I
feel like I could do a whole apartment
tour which I do want to do was like look
how clean uh like what but yeah glam
fucking killed it today that's with it
um I'm going videos for you guys and
just want to show guess the seven water
I wasn't do like a full but he won't
open on you know what I'm just a blog
much like hiking to a whole video
diamond water but I always had a joy you
hands oh gosh I hope me the microphone
again I am such an idiot I'm sorry guys
I know where my corn is and I still
cover it I'm an idiot anyways one's a
little peep show a peep show in all
spring shout with a little peep show
peep peep show okay I gotta go film but
that's what today has been I was in
Newport Beach I was in South Central I
was in Hermosa Beach and I just got home
to my vlogging camera now so I found out
a blog today K did a little outfit
change I'm gonna go film a video with my
daddy issues sweatshirt on
I love these you can get this new design
for daddy issues entre Peter starts
bread sure calm
I think it's so cute and so comfy I love
this like I agree it's like so cute and
comfy so I'm just going to fill my
Beauty hot on this I thought you guys
the new designs I'm obsessed like if you
saw this like detailing on my face like
what so so good you guys this is my
dinner it's not for me it's for us you
know this is shitty lighting Joe this is
like our first date again our first date
5,000 years why not over the cameras
before my face but every UI
I'm usually having dog filters or
something filters on my face made dinner
date tonight
you guys have used I mean I know you've
all seen her boys this is the first time
I've seen your place in a long time and
since I moved here since I moved to rim
do you ever the first night I lived here
Jim over half an hour first night your
frozen dinners are still in my freezer
from the first night she saved my frozen
dinner he did fire no look at look at
this place look look she's not shy she's
naked all over the blue speaking of
naked look watch right now girls yeah
this is what trick what she aspires to
be it's true but Shawn will choreograph
for me anymore as I can oh my god she
says all this negative stuff I don't
like it I've stopped a long time I'm top
I'm positive Peter positive Paul
positive Paris oh oh here we can eat now
I own it I'll handle the blog okay we
got chicken wings area did you welcome
your own channel mr. price anyway fuck
but that's I'm teaching her next is that
yes yes boss rah rah all right
run little wings what that's crappy hey
hey I'm gonna put a little more Jack and
Coke in it maybe well bad actually when
we do Jack fuckin Phil that's not good
alright that you were what I needed
my heart's bleeding time can now me
raise guys foam over truth of house and
my mobsters / know what a loser
what's up you guys again once again
starting this vlog so late as per usual
I have been just bumming it in the
morning like no night in the mornings
the mornings and afternoons like bumming
it always like when I say bumming it I
literally am just like sitting on the
couch looking at Twitter Instagram
snapchat YouTube email repeat I just do
that all day like I've been doing that
all day
but luckily I have stuff I gotta do at
night to get my butt out of the house
otherwise I would be maybe a super lazy
book um anyways going to have a meeting
with my network my YouTube network that
I love very much style haul um I'm
really really stoked because I haven't
been into the offices yet like to these
new offices I'm really really excited I
can only speak from my experiences I
don't want to ever give anyone like I'm
only speaking my sentences when I say
like I absolutely loves to haul they've
gotten me really great opportunities um
like any network they have a ton of
YouTube channel so I'm not gonna say
like sign up and your life will change
like I don't I don't know anyone else's
experience I just know mine hasn't
really positive with him I haven't been
with any of a network I was hesitant to
join a network when I signed with them
but it ended up painting out really
really good for me um so I I just I love
sat home they're like they are very they
keep up with you like I'm someone who I
don't keep up with like Aidan's and
managers they always hear people say you
have to push them and it's pushed him
and it's like yeah I like come to them
so it would be cool to like do this or
this um but they're really gonna keep
you up with me so you know I appreciate
that I think that's a really good
proactive Network anyways I got my
arrogant parse by la Demi its knockoff
is her Instagram their Instagram for the
purses I love her she actually DM me and
I have to DM her back
note to self DM back I'm really about
answering DM so I got really excited so
that's the main carry today and um
I mentioned this before but people
always keep asking me my sunglasses
always asked me was contract they are
Celine and I love them so much I don't
know the style but I just like continent
I think anything may be tweeted I don't
know I don't know the style like there
are weird numbers but I am obsessed
little like no makeup I would like
concealer like powder blush and like lip
gloss I didn't put any face make one and
I kind of love that I kind of love not
having face makeup one not gonna lie
because face makeup is what makes me
feel like I'm suffocated every of them
it comes ok and I kind of feel like I'm
I try I put effort in you know what I
mean and it literally took me like two
minutes but I still feel like I put
effort in but anyways that's what we're
doing tonight I don't know like how much
on vlog but I'm excited to see these new
offices hey guys I made it style home
and they hooked me up with this really
cool swag bag I love it so much got a
little water bottle some glasses some
flip-flops hats t-shirts baby
just so much style that's their view
office just so legit it's an actual
place dinner and wonderful yeah yeah
this is Cleo's we just made it in here
really
okay so now we got these meatballs
happening so good all the balls
