so I'm usually not a Jean person but I'm
kind of living for this casual Jean look
today I wear these jeans last night in
the cloakroom again um we just like
acknowledge that my hair has grown so
much it has gotten so long thick this is
all my real hair by the way there's like
no extension I'll type out of my filter
no extensions in it and I'm no hon like
heck huh anyways you guys have been with
me for a while you remember a year and a
half ago all of this hair was literally
sticking up a half an inch so top
solving my real hair I'm kind of kind of
all about that life but at 7 p.m. and
hope you guys mom and I'm just starting
my day a little bit of a rough night
less than a good night but a rough night
you know uh me let's drink a drink
Trish but human blog any of that but
yeah marks coming out where we might go
see a movie you might just chill and
hang out so I'm kind of just doing an
outfit repeat from last night - the
shower scene no let might be kind of
gloomy out so me to get a sweatshirt or
something but I haven't left this nip
natural hair no makeup feeling in my
skin okay
you know marriage is like au naturale -
the bleach of course oh and the lip blur
chin I've had to mention the other night
you guys um two of you girls lost me
notes on my car near my mom's house when
I was Indian schema parked there and I
want to say thank you I won't read the
letters because they're personal but I
really really appreciate it and I did
get the letters so thank you guys all I
will say I saw the notes and a little
hard to talk about I hope further
thought was a ticket and then I was like
no paper oh my gosh what are these notes
like I was a little scared but then I
saw the Trisha the heart and I got
really excited so there's really must be
in basically more my car oh and I wanted
to make sure I kata guys a proper pepper
thank you I need to wax this week I need
to get my nails done
maintenance week my hair so it's pretty
in order to talk about my hair but
it still sucks I'm not hungry at all day
but I feel like I should eat because
I've been put anything in my body my
fridge looks like this like no food in
this house oh I need for shopping this
week I'm doing a day of errands and
getting some food I can cook we right on
top with that list
mmm amazing my new one tell them nothing
that you got at some blogs y'all not
that I should do while I'm waiting edit
some videos be productive mutation don't
try to give me an edge I didn't come
over here for an education
um this one is Best Buy and this No well
how much was them mmm
800 but this is like the best but this
is like the best best best best quality
everyone uses it it's so good it's like
a coke brother says it I'm just your
coke no there's not $800 though niggas
wasn't a hundred I don't know I can't
remember
let me see your GoPro I was trying to
film mark you guys Mark Murphy vlogging
cuz I saw this I'm like wait what is
this what are you doing with this and
he's like I'm trying to vlog I'm like no
you're not he is gonna sorry Chamblee
I'm put up yet have you know he's our
YouTube channel because give it he'll
wipe finish trishy had the awesome idea
that I'd be an interesting vlogger so I
think he is because Mark says some of
the craziest things I've ever heard in
my entire life
and I'm like you need to have a youtube
channel because your win Watts looking
at I am so and you know what they say
about crazy crazy those that they call
crazy or geniuses so so we're both crazy
or both genius or might be geniuses look
at these arms that look I'm trying to
show off those guns arms woody they are
crazy how my arms normally are no
they're not you've got more muscles like
I've been working now looks like I
starting tomorrow little working isn't
working
I'm so sure you know pride I know yeah
we were we're not a gay pride today but
we thought about it but then I was like
hung over so I'm like oh much's I was
knocked out - OH
gone all day look at your head yesterday
we're not true I got asked invited cuz
like I thought snapchat white is so hard
like look did bleep you did and I hit it
in a hat too so like that the United
really said what's your YouTube channel
name gonna be has a me checkmark
Oh shark mark track mark what it looks
like check mark oh it's like this Travel
Mart trick cuz it look like Star Trek
like Star Trek
but that Bek yeah but track is with it
ACK when you see trademark woody the
urethane trademark
what do you mean icon trait will you see
like a TRD and mark a that's like
trademark just like it
you know I guess I don't know tell me
what you think check mark is the only
one that I will not wear extensions or
put makeup on for you don't like it is
my favorite like this Oh mark
mmm see we're still friends everyone I
was at vote other Agra friends after
they're done making me people we're
still friends we slap friends forever
family yeah I'm getting tattoos right I
thought we were saying oh yeah what are
we getting um Star Trek same oh shit
look at that
okay let's scissor is it gonna wear it
scissor hey you don't because you're
healthy here mister lettuce only lettuce
on it
okay guys were at the movies we're gonna
go see what are we seeing pop star hops
because he's a huge fan of it he had me
sit in perfect
no you're not are you although they said
like you know way coming to show the
flowers and the hoodie like this is your
outfit of the day mark hey ha ha ha he's
literally not at all but I'm wearing
Harry Potter so we look like two dorks
out be two dorks
hey never stop nervous that I never
thought necessary
I'm excited it should be good evening
all right is he angry we're just it's
like should be better thanks my first
over can't wait to come home DVD 5 it
cuz he is an angry bird look at him we
are Angry Birds that's our crew my crew
yes every bird be white RDS burn your
knees Valley with those two so down
maybe Wars cuz their first are movies
together do you get snacks - no you just
get water what do you guys I don't just
get water well you guys so I'm get off
I'll bring my stuff so this is good you
fuck I don't see any I didn't I fucked
up today
popcorn you really wanna smack my panda
$8.00 guess how much rhinoceros were
yesterday $18 at the baseball game
really $18 for nachos yes yes what I'm
getting at Target today are we getting
groceries clothes oh yes thank you just
got my nails done I suppose in snapchat
what I should get
somebody said please don't be said fold
saris at pink but I won't listen and I
have the accent nail on my pinky for
that cocaine you're playing now we fit
the pic a mystical way like back in the
old days isn't look at this fucking
little burrito just eating up on its own
that's so chanted shame did that's
talent to pull a king so I chose
children and he should found these lots
of bunch of old ladies
yes I'm thing about it do your pose
I knew
okay so change its left and I was hired
doesn't know Tibet nothing but this kid
this Jacobs tutorial guys are Alpine and
I brought these videos that I don't get
it I don't get like what what I mean
like nothing like it's like not a gene
but I don't get this kit like what is
this like is this like a for not like is
this a thing
is this a good pulse yo and um what do
you think about sweatshirt have you
heard it have I bro Harley this weapon
oh my god whoa this is what I'm watching
right now what is this what happened
like is he like I mean I'm not even
saying assuming I'm like being like
serious I'm gonna beg that of her eyes
so I'm so tired like is he like Jason or
all from like Hannah Montana where he's
like 40 but like looks like he's well
look I'm so confused
I'm so confused on what he does like
Sheen's like oh he's from his app
musically but it's like what does that
mean that like is that like YouTube
where there's like YouTube famous
people's are like musically games well
I'm so confused 7 research and
apparently he um he calls fans like so
it seems like his fat fans there's my
own I was so weird
I'm confused I think he's cute I'm
confused on everything and I'm trying to
research this so anyways Jacob satorious
if you are watching and you are over it
over the age of 18 I love you because I
love that I have no idea to June and
you're just so fuckin famous um but yeah
anyways hype I quickly but I never ends
log's with you guys oh my god there's
like literally a negative but there's a
nigga thought of a way
hopefully doesn't give like I know
someone heard about I'm tired I did not
walk with shame but I stood snapchat
which you guys buy as seen if I inserted
it i love--she more than literally
anyone we have so many bless it like
that best friends are different reasons
but Shane is like the overall best
friend best friend he's just me just
gets me
I just love me he's like the easiest to
hang out with like we just chill on top
and like anyone else I don't think I
could talk with brower's him I could
talk with hours really to be cool but I
just love him and he's spirit and his
energy does everything about him ain't
something Shane for hanging with me I
always loving out was Shane I like
cherish those times like I really do
he is busy and um you know we all have
our own lives and it's like I think
sometimes you know we all get busy and
then we forget not forget but it's
important to make time for those people
that you really do love because you
never know when's your last thing with
them and Shane just cracks me up and I
just love him and I never want to like
have any regrets of why I should have
big time for this person you don't I
mean like I love that we can still have
our little train dates I'm going to ship
out lay there was so much drama with
both mates today I mean it's not all the
drama but like weirdest thing out there
Shane's a weird day I felt like I had a
little snapchat right now I'm not gonna
put that in this video but I had a
little snapchat right here silence after
he's on stop traffic and he didn't I
didn't feel like vlogging it just fake
fucking people in this world so another
reason why was really happening I was
shamed because I know he's fucking legit
these past couple months you guys I've
had people come in and out of my life
it's just been like they just see
something that they want and then just
you know they they be friend me and
become nice with me and and they ain't
then they get shady and greedy and
thirsty and I don't like that don't like
thirsty motherfuckers
but anyways it's frustrating um I went
to bed I never end logs here so I'm
going to end well exciting I think when
end the vlog here I love you guys so
much
I should end flocks more often I love
saying goodbye advice
smart person I love you guys so much and
in case for watching the vlogs
hopefully I wasn't covering that my from
kids like these vlogs sounds with video
let me know um be kind to each other
that's huh love you guys
