hey everyone day two up the Indians I
feel like you're really zoomed in okay
big ass face just got a really big face
why is that so is it what is happening
anyways um I'm gonna shock myself yeah
according to Stephen scheme sent with my
dad and my stepmom my dad is a huge my
dad is the one threes and it members
like Weimer that's really good
Ohio and so that's why my family doubts
when a fluke in his life so this might
be I might association I suppose so
why actually made necessary ones who
thought like I'd be fun to go to a
baseball game like just us girls and I
thought I should take my dad because he
always took me as like a little king he
really loves like life when he first was
doing it even more about that yeah
that's what I that's not so get my face
um so I'm excited I got my um Jason
Kipnis Jersey um I asked Russia this
morning and um hmm like a weird thing
cuz I don't know how to talk about it
cuz so since it like it's kind of weird
for me drop my was like but I play and
rhinology cuz some people were asking me
well the answer tried it I mentioned the
answer ship has I just generally want to
say and I said honestly don't to say
other than um you know cuz when I came
home and was checking my Twitter on my
actual computer
and people said you hear about Kushina
and I kinda don't even know what was
happening I wasn't really looking at
other people's tweets or anything and so
I just type in Christina on on like on
Twitter to see what was trending and saw
that I said pray for Christina and that
Christian girl was shot and that she's
in incredible condition and you know to
pray for her and she was shot outside
for a mean greet and when she died she
passed away and it was so unbelievably
shocking I didn't know her I never met
her I didn't know her but that's not not
the point that's not yeah it's not the
point I'm trying to make the point is
one it's a human life and whenever a
human life is taken by somebody else
like someone else chose to human out of
this world and it wasn't by God's own
will
someone shoot something like it's so
senseless and with this world to make
sense like this wall does it make sense
sometimes like because I do I am a
believer like when it's your time it's
your time and so you shouldn't stress or
you know worry about death you know
because you know this happens and then
all of a sudden me included I'm just
like I don't I don't ever want to leave
my house I know I don't want to go out I
don't want to talk to anyone I'm scared
of me anybody like it's really scary I
don't want to be she was a youtuber I
want to be on YouTube if that's the
canino but you really can't think like
that because I believe when it's your
time it's your time like whatever is his
will will be done you know and Christina
was critical Christian so she knows she
believed in God and heaven
free well Melissa um but it's not about
religion either what it is about to me
is um
it just hits oh it just hits close home
when we want it's a youtuber but - so
she's so young and it's so it's so crazy
like someone who is doing what they love
she's living her dream at 22 years old
living her dream of being this singer
and being on a huge show and just being
so talented and beautiful and sweet and
kind and having everything like at her
fingertips and then just be taken like
that it's it's shocking it's shocking
and I was I was in shock and I got like
children in this morning we were talking
about it this morning I was getting you
know ready for the game and Ari and
Angel and you know saying them they
don't you know they don't know anyone in
youtube but they didn't know really
anything about her but they all both
were like that like it give that given
chills because it's not like it's a car
accident her cancer something it's like
something being shot that's that's just
it's just shocking it's just shocking
and you know I watched our videos hmm
since and it's just like she just seems
like a three just sweet kind girl like
that's that anyone deserves to be shot
but like who would want to shoot her
like what did she do to anyone you know
it doesn't it makes no sense like it's
it's so it's just shocking confusing and
just really fucking sad like it's really
sad and it's
okay I just got it I just kind of
imagined I couldn't and I to even feel I
mean it feel I felt like when I was
burning it almost felt like a nightmare
like it didn't even feel like a real
thing so it shall have no nobody in her
family it's just like I don't want to
seem like incentives not talking about
it because like everyone was plumbing
insensitive or not tweeting about it I
didn't even know it's like a home so I
was a little late you know what's why I
wasn't tweeting but of course I did
tweet about it because it's I think it
needs to be like awareness this is not
okay and this cannot be happening and
this is pointless and how many deaths do
we need and this is coming from I
consider myself to be a Republican and
conservative and I'm very anti guns and
maybe I wasn't always that way
I wasn't always that way you know I I
used to I used to have guns and I used
to shoot guns and I'm very much very
liberal when it comes to this now like
I've changed a completely this shows
people can change
I've changed completely that I don't I
don't believe there should be guns like
I was reading today where I really feel
like it should be pretty difficult for
people to get guns in America I honestly
wish there could be no guns in Vernonia
honestly like in a perfect world I would
be like there should be no fucking guns
in this world I think over in England to
correctly I'm wrong to may Europeans but
like I cops don't even like the police
officers don't even carry guns over
there like I feel like that's the way to
be I feel like that's
I think it was never retweeted something
about somebody who said that
you know the government our country
makes it so difficult makes it so
difficult for girls to get abortions you
have to have a note from a doctor and a
note from your parents and you have to
have a step check and you have to be
sure you have to have 48 hours to be
sure you want it and like it's all this
stuff to go through and like money
analyst off and they were saying that it
should be made the same for people to
get guns like it should be just as
difficult if not I mean should be way
more difficult some way more serious
issue to me and again it's coming from a
conservative Republican like you know
it's just so like these guns
everyone that has guns over here and use
them for not for their purpose and it's
it's fucking so sad and
I think it is a gun control issue I
think that's the big thing because you
know you can talk about the guy we don't
know as a now we no one said anything of
who the shooter is or anything
the sister hey are you here I'm okay I'm
gonna come down and move them are okay
my way
you know anyways the shooter I don't
know but the shooter you know you say oh
he's mentally ill or like whatever the
reason it's like I kind of the matter I
think this is more of a good guns gonna
show you that we need to eliminate guns
or just really really really be a lot
more strict on who get these guns I
don't know make them $500 dollar shit
cuz I don't know I don't know I don't
know what the answer is and I that's
what's frustrating because this is
fucking shit is gonna keep happening and
I think about that was like John Lennon
celina murga Schaffer like all these
people who got been shot like I mean
just think what I didn't realize just
you know here I would watch the true
crime shows all the time and just
innocent people being shot
you know the DC sniper just shooting
random innocent people like I don't care
if they're crazy like we need to find
the solution do not have anybody you
know anyways me it's dinner right
Maggiano's I got my chicken parm and
it's Betty my sister of course got her
chopped salad about to go to work having
a little wine with my fam
we're gonna go steam
hopefully they'll win again like our
other favorite was Mike Martinez and
Llewelyn the DMV on Instagram Nepali
Nepali
we figured out there
a bowl of nachos of course
mahira things made the air
my favorites right Nepali
but we're down we were like not going to
win and I'll they're up with two two
people it's crazy
man
you
you
