just admire this glam right now and then
I've gotta have a real bang like this is
all my real bang like my ever-growing
what's up y'all I want to get a high
five for some reason so I did um why
can't it it feels like I can't hear
going to the Cleveland Indians game and
I have a Cleveland Indians outfit you'll
see more of it I'm sure
cuz I always show my alpha they're right
out of my blogs I show my outfit of the
day like five thousand times in a blog
I'm like not much to bring to John I
don't know I likes document what I wear
are like a thing like are those like a
video still like outfit of the days or
outfit of the week because I kinda
wanted to do like a baseball outfit of
the day for today and I'm also going
tomorrow and I'm like gonna be really
cool like do I doubt that they put some
kind of short videos because you just
like show your outfit whatever like five
minute videos and I don't know this is
like a thing anymore like people like
these long videos like I remember like
way back in the day like long videos
were not a good thing like the shorter
the better
there was actually YouTube where does
anyone remember brandon hardesty
throwback youtuber does anyone remember
him like he's juegos like 30 second song
videos and sees 10 songs like this song
is 30 seconds long yes it's 30 seconds
long done but doesn't that it's like he
said do those song and he was like
really good like um reenactments from
movies like he was really really good
like whatever happened that kid like he
was in like legit movies like American
Pie movies and stuff and
he was like real movies and unlike what
happened like I know he got like Marion
and then you start doing like another
webseries and it's like but like he
moved back to Maryland like what
happened like I would like to know what
happened because he was like kind of
thriving kind of like living with LA
dream questions I want to know but
probably no one cares to answer or know
the answer do but Hardesty if you're
watching let me know because I loved it
his channel name was arty TSM ITW the
strongest man in the world from Peavy
these og youtuber names blonds on double
orange I'm yeah so we're going to shoot
a baseball game and really entropic for
five thousand hours
um yeah I have a really really cute
outfit Ashley go I wanna show you guys
but um I have a good jacket that goes
with it
anywho
anyhow um just thought I'd give you guys
a little update of where we're going and
what we're doing recording session went
so girl awesome I got home I didn't I
didn't put this in the blog so uploading
you guys but I had to edit this blog
then I had to get up and like have a get
approved by noon so I'm recording at
1:00 a.m. I was up editing to like 3
a.m. and I just let it process while I
like wise left I'm gonna hang up one
morning and then I thought I had to get
up at 7 a.m. because I was get my hair
makeup done and then I wanted to film
videos and then also get to my mom's
cousin one of her Hosparus and then
we're gonna do because my sister my
sister is coming I wasn't so excited um
it's my sister my mom and I are going to
the game tonight and I'm really excited
then tomorrow my dad my stepmom over to
game with me so I'm excited we're
clearly oh my god I should say this old
so many last me like why are you
cleaning me I don't get a girl from quit
I am NOT some Cleveland no but I kind of
feel like I am because when growing up
we always go visit um we'd always go
visit my dad's family cuz like my entire
penis clan shout out or maybe not shot
up maybe they don't wanna be associated
with me - pulling us out live in
Cleveland Ohio yeah we'd always wanted
Cleveland and we would like to see games
should always go when I went back was
Jacobs Field and out to Progressive
Field and back when was the gun - Rena
and I cooking Loans Arena like we've
been og my dad especially that's been og
Cleveland like that's his like
I mean that's very simple man and um I
see my face get all shiny
my dad's a simple man in life he likes
to go to church and he likes to watch
Cleveland sports like that that's my
father
that's all that's what he loved doing
like that's his hobbies oh and playing
online poker poker in general oh hey
like an all-night poker um simple man
unlike his daughter who's complicated as
fuck
sometimes I see like homeless people
that look quite a pretty girl
yeah so that's why I my dad's from food
already spent oh so like that's why I'm
a Cleveland fan and like my dad's like
Cleveland's Lima man and like everyone
all my family back there like really
Cleveland fans so I don't know I guess I
was just like our team to root for
because you know my brother and I were
born in California but we pretty much
grew up in Illinois but like Illinois
seemed kind of stuck like I want to be
like a Cubs fan like a wolf I don't know
why that just sounds terrible to me I
don't really even know much about Cubs
but it's not awful so yeah I don't know
in Cleveland's kind of like I'm always
one of those people I was I don't really
care not gonna fuck something's popular
but something was popular like I didn't
like like the Lakers and the Dodgers
because like those were like popular in
trendy like I always liked Cleveland
because socially the Cleveland Browns
like who the fuck likes the cleveland
browns like the underdog they're like
nobody fucking like so it's like random
and weird and unique and quirky and
different I always like Oh psych I want
to be quirky and different and unique so
no I'm not gonna like the Jets I'm gonna
like Cleveland Browns because I really
doesn't know what even knows their
team's actually were a team Cleveland
history they actually weren't a team for
like four years in the NFL were they the
bravin's and they go to Baltimore
something like that so my dad like never
like Baltimore Ravens and then they like
we're playing for four years and on the
rack and then Johnny Manziel fucking my
ape shit and now he's off to brown so
he's the only Brown I really know I
don't watch football I don't even really
love watching Cleveland sports but like
I love going to like actual live games
and I do like like it's a bar manager
for Cleveland you don't I mean
oh that was the greasy spot right there
hmm I guess that why don't just get a
big chunk of oil on my face off
actually kind of so gross but they say
sorry I'm bluffing I'm gonna cut this
off because I blabbed too much the
fucking car because I love talking they
say actually oil is guys guys keeps you
young
why do people think I'm 45 years old I
don't know yeah
so life is still going good maybe I got
was a pup that you like so today we're
not having any mental breakdown live one
life is great life is grand I took all
these all the photographers are
sponsored clean and clear I wish I would
have thought of these the best our lives
are so many blotting papers out there
and some more expensive later Sephora
and one's a tea tree and Shay on it no
this fucking shit is the best like it
does not like you guys and see him it
sucks
you doesn't see like the makeup like
does not mean it comes off like yeah
Rousseau a little but the other ones
like I don't know the other ones are
just not as good and that's good for not
I have 500 of these with me and all
right literally I literally have nailed
it yeah my purse of the day it's not the
person wannabe always using but it is a
product I always think of Princess
Diaries and her Prada bag but she didn't
really bruised you want I wish I knew
that style Gucci and Versace had the
cutest fucking pink shit out right now
and I really really want it but I'm
really trying hard not to spend money on
purses and shoes because I mean have so
much I can say literally again I
literally have a look I haven't like a
whole room and ten fucking storage units
full of shoes and purses I'm really
trying to be good it's really hard so
I'm trying to keep I've been trying too
busy with like music and video so I get
like distract and I don't want to go
shopping because I have nothing going on
I go shopping
dangerous dangerous they have come a
dangerous woman and her hook signs on up
the chin of that but I know it's really
popular honey got a song says trying
stay relevant but anyways it's glosses
like everything stinky took I decide I
give you guys a little in charge of this
vlog this is part of a new blog but I
love you guys and the game is going to
be on uh la site so my dad's recording
it I'm like dad watch for me I hope you
started playing sucks just bum flam
today makeup re and Angels my little
pony you make me feel like a dangerous
woman I feel like that's not how lose it
all but I feel like that's how it goes
in my head I know you guys this log here
no not cut it here we have an exciting
game to go to so come sit with us behind
the Indians I got yes I got the visitors
dobkins
we made a new stadium look at my girls
my hot dates its Callie's first baseball
game yeah we're all gonna get beer we
all are like in that uber for two hours
ready to go we haven't eaten all day
better look at my outfit Thomas annoy me
you is look at this bowl of nachos oh so
yummy Stadium
we are girls
yeah oh that's his name trout I wasn't
really getting my you found well mine is
on empty my cake is low she need the
spell she's her fix that she said
earlier and the empty available
no you know what I eat so much carbs and
like my face was right there baby daddy
yeah future baby daddy
honestly though like I'm really afraid
of brain damage okay well let's not be
afraid as it is
what is loving the outfit a mystery
jacket
don't break my heart
they get a picture with you - Arthur
you
but like do I not look like a real
proper high school cheerleader y'all
ready for game day
hey Bobby meet your the lockers at the
classroom can fuck has peculiar progress
bar to speck on second Bobby's dick now
I'm going stuck Mikey stick to my way I
went in them I lost my voting to that
here with you guys
all is right again
