hey guys so it is morning at Mira
breakfast place at the Grove and we're
just saying 10 years ago we were here
for breakfast women to go see price
right I'm gonna be there as I'm late
last month we went to Z crisis right and
I got on it and this is where we ate
right before everyone on the rug oh we
didn't say how we thought of the Little
Mermaid did you like it you didn't like
it
I liked that you liked it it was fine
but we watched video probably 75% of us
yeah ladies
yes are you gonna be fine
she but it was it wasn't very many
people like reppin Wilson saying when
Tom Johnson was saying one song there
Chris only saying like one half so you
and Sara Bareilles like the star only
saying like unless they all sing in the
first part maybe they all say the first
one he minute what the the coolest part
we both agreed was the original Ariel
Jodi Benson singing I'd like the style
telling we got so cool and then we're
like why aren't we talented like that
why couldn't we know what my mom said
she had a premonition that we had saved
and then think about - so holiday oh my
god
that happened one time treat like two
and a half years - I said I really
thought on G week I really wanted but
I'll never be able to afford it and
someone like screech added that like
part of the video and send it to me I
forgot my QA again I like oh my house is
so crazy
remember I thought it'd be a Monica -
I'm like I can't afford that that's so
crazy I got you
never no putting it out there these are
the shoes of the day get them 10% off
with my co2 Trish
this is our breakfast y'all we get the
exact same things your legs bacon half
an almond toes so going to eat to eat
but just real quick
anyone remember we need a Hollywood
leave it in the comments below we're
talking about it I want to go to one let
me know where they're open you don't
want to find Planet hot because it
Louisville and there's always been some
hope you'll let us know where locations
back to richer more waffles oh it so she
can serve some more warm up a chicken
I'm on such at oh my gosh this is a blog
so you guys have not met hear me out my
blog you can kappa share be there we've
ever ye be so like you're so shy now
exactly what we want them awfully this
is about to go I don't know what it's a
small go like the like see look see or
something but it's delicious Jeremy Vine
and we are having our second day Jerry's
brilliant ideas rather for the helpers
are for Hyper on our
she's like so queasy look at that look
at this like actually terrifying it's
gorgeous but it's terrified as kind of
against it I was gonna do I just can't
look at the Sun that's my tail but look
how pretty
hello yes now you're brave look at you
you were fucking scared now you're
fucking riding the pole hey guys ideas
people but I'm always like way off and I
realize how what I think with a good
singer I'm a good bad
I'm jealous dude oh my god Disney
couples using all the time the couple
Jews and they do like Disney medleys all
in Travis York
hey good morning y'all it's June 7th and
if you go to billboard calm right now
certain someone mean the charts number
25 Trisha Paytas daddy issues
what how is that on Billboard how am I
on Billboard like what is happening
that's so crazy
okay so if you guys don't know what the
heat secret album is which is what the
chart I'm on is heat seekers um
basically humanism just as Heatseekers
albums this is basically what it is it's
basically the top-selling albums from
the past week that have never appeared
on billboard before so Billboard 200 at
the top 10 any sort of Billboard chart
if you've never been on it then you get
to be on the Heatseekers album list if
your element is really well that week
and I have
ever been on it so it's really really
cool and I know a lot of people are like
bashing out on top chat because I just
am chat it in there like I'm number 25
like that's lame but like to me to even
be on like Billboard comp like that
doesn't even make sense to me so I'm so
excited this is such a big
accomplishment I'm like so so so proud
so yeah I thought I'd document it
because you know next we could be a
different story but for now for today
June 7th I'm like living for this so
much it's so so crazy I'm so excited I
actually found out Sunday that I was
going to be on the charts and so I was
really excited to like actually see it I
thought it was not real
okay guys I'm getting a spray tan about
ready to get spray tan I have a quick
Chan coming and I'm super excited you
bye Blaire of course say hey we're eager
look out gorgeous you large you have a
full makeup on the girl you look
gorgeous
buzzer I get my policies around
really
what why is it a bit darker
in Belleville popular Enzo
we'll all you teachers are dark can get
Barney yeah
