okay good morning y'all you know it was
a good night when
you clipped in your hair from hoobnet
before
um hey hey guys um just wanted to say hi
haze yeah I'll do it that'll be fun if
you guys spent a little more tea with me
of a fun day coming up so anyways yeah I
haven't really good mood this morning I
don't really know why but I'm gonna make
some coffee I thought I'd bring y'all on
this coffee making adventure with me
when I use this little Kleenex box
azzam as a tripod to make a little
coffee on the coffee machine right there
yeah it's like waking up with chase just
lots of fun things happening in life
right now lots of great things gosh I
make chocolate donut or should make
Cinnabon my copies are just like all
this like sweets I'm just kind of
obsessed well chocolate donut well the
other day young the image of someone
lays it starting don't start
I'm gonna be drinking out of my treasure
cat mug this morning
that morning goodness Semyon me with
your part of the day yeah this is so
fucking good I love it so much
mmm and then I go in here and I get well
this is Cinnabon so I can't even have
some milk with it or some french vanilla
and since the flavor is so good I'm just
gonna go with a little bit of milk first
name normally I have like some fancy
like creamer but I'm actually gonna just
add a little milk into this because the
flavor is so good on its own and
normally because normally when I don't
have like time in the morning I'll just
grab like one of these little throat
Pacino's and just like go but I have a
little time before my meeting so I
decided me some coffee I loved me
clapping or like these mornings where I
can just like chill edit video like
really enjoy myself I love so much so I
should get a little stir for this stir
it up a little bit I only made eight
ounces today you know doesn't look like
a lot but because I am going out for the
day I'm like I'm gonna have a good lunch
we need and then I might actually meet
up with Jeremy before I actually record
I don't want to do I sell coffee makes
you a rapper so I just wanted a little
bit pic let get a little pick-me-up um
so do this so yummy mmm okay like this
video if your favorite of the morning is
your coffee like coffee addicts no we
need our coffee mmm and so good mmm
that's so good
isn't this cup taquitos I got it from
Hot Topic
so cute so I'm gonna go edit some videos
I mean y'all come with me and you all
are coming with because I have the
camera
oh hey Olmo so I just had a spray tan
too
that guy from pill I did not sleep with
last night to say no I'm just kidding I
mean I'm not kidding but anyways I'm
gonna sip some coffee and edit last
night's vlog because I'm so excited to
edit that and um yeah I guess I'll see
you guys some when I see you sure so I'm
waiting for my video to process and then
I'm gonna upload it oh hey Kermit Kermit
Kermit care-bear um
but while I'm waiting for that to
process I'm gonna go do my face routine
I can't forgive this no baby I love him
mmm love love love I get ready in this
other bathroom this is like my walk-in
closet which I wanted to like a full
tour of what the shoes that's so messy
right now I'm gonna do it whole tour but
I like it ready in this bathroom so what
show you guys is a tripod ooh
this is a trick basket check I don't
know why I have thumbtacks in here right
away so I have been seeing so many
people like review this a little brush
little spin brush and it's from vanity
planet and I kind of got like no I kind
of got sucked into it because it's at
all these cool little heads which a lot
of the other ones doesn't comes with
four heads and a lot of these other
brushes only come with like one head or
two heads or whatever um what I loved
about this besides this huge exfoliating
brush which is so soft its home so soft
um is that it came with this little like
pumice stones out she called these
things little pumice stone for my feet
because my feet my elbows are dry AF and
I was like really encouraged to like try
this but when I've been loving is there
is two bristle heads there's like an
exfoliator one and then this really soft
one for like daily use um ukelele once a
week or something like that
the you'll know and I was like breaking
out hardcore Alec really badly scarring
like it was just really really bad and I
don't know my skin was just really
acting out from behind my try I mean I
tried these brushes before and I tend to
like only use it once a week because I
just feel like
use them everyday but actually show you
this one is so it's the softest softest
face like brush I've ever used
I'm absolutely obsessed it so easy to
use it's a very operational flank charge
or anything but it's so so easy
I've actually likes the later ones with
this but it's it is thick as always like
I don't to exfoliate her skin was tell
me a different story once you exfoliate
you get that dead skin off and I'm clock
those pores like it actually does make
such a difference especially about acne
prone skin I mean it doesn't really do
anything if your oily skin you always
cannot just what you're born with but
like acne prone skin it'll help a lot so
you can just use this with any cleanser
and you put the cleanser on the brush
where you can put the cleanser on your
face whichever you prefer and I do what
the brush bag
I just had a little fun you can use any
conjurer you want I've been doing like
practice under for like ever education
sometimes but not on your face turn out
that water I know we are the drought the
once that's enough then I just take the
brush and just oh my god this feels so
amazing oh oh it feels so good and it's
like I've never had a redness from this
brush and some brushes can't cause like
a little run this effort this just feels
mmm
and literally building more fog on your
face try to avoid the eye area of course
with all these questions learn from my
mistakes
ah all day
oh my god I could do this all morning I
only do it until I get like worked in
but I literally and I do focus on the
spots where I do get a little more
hmm my cheeks especially when I wake up
in the morning literally the most
relaxing thing even the sound in the
vibration okay so after note that I just
take the head off and rinse it just to
get off your like makeup in the morning
or something they got to get that off
the brush um by the way this was so cool
going to try it out in the enemy planet
on gave me potent Tricia P if you guys
want to try this out it it's like
literally like this you just want to
feel that out there as normally like a
hundred bucks and a veggie feed it for
30 folks pretty good you like no you
have BIOS like fancy ones that are in
like stores so I think it's a good deal
if you guys ever wanted to try it out I
was like I think I wanted to try out the
one heck yes and after using and I'm
kind of like this is fundable softest
and best thing ever and the fact that it
isn't so inexpensive I was like yes yes
I will do this um but
let us take the excess off of water
watching your face Oh makes you feel
7,000 times better
these are having a bad morning or you're
feeling gross or ugly
wash your face it'll make you feel a
thousand times better
Oh still shouldn't I sell out some toner
and cleanser and if you exfoliate - oh
my out that big brush my favorite in the
world I guess I only filleted my body
and my physic once a week I'm gonna put
some toner Oh feels so good like I just
seen that like it just feels so clean
playing this kind of awfulness bathroom
it was good lighting there Robert I
would love to know that nobody right mmm
love this morning I love these mornings
I don't think it's gonna Dre's where as
me some mornings I wake up just really
happy and in a good mood and just love
life and this is one of those mornings
is kind of love with you guys thank you
for being on my journey and supporting
me through everything supporting me when
I'm happy because I'm happy I'm happy
and don't anyone was saying oh she's
doing this for this view was it no I
don't live my life for you - I love you
- I love my life
on youtube I don't live it for YouTube
and everything relationships and
friendships wise is never for YouTube
purposes trust I love the people I love
and then if you guys want to link to
that brush I'll link it below like the
first link or some thin decays aren't
interested than that if you're not you
don't look look it but ever you are it's
a good deal send resolved
like this jacket
search I'm actually wearing this jacket
I put on a couple times an attempt to
wear it out um it's gloomy out today
it's bright but like me know what I mean
um going to me with someone I've been as
a business business but someone I've
been doing business it's like a company
that like startups lens like company
that like advertisers like for
advertisers like it connects like
content creators with like sponsors like
you don't know me I don't know startups
one but I've literally been like working
with this like company for literally
five years talking to the same guy and
he's like in LA and he's like we should
like get lunches we've I've always
communicated back and forth and he's
like some of my favorite companies like
work with and work for because they
always give me like really cool
opportunities and they're really fair
and honest and I love that so I'm
actually gonna meet lunch with him which
is like so crazy and another one of the
associates that's discharging a branch
out here in LA which i think is so cool
so that is what I'm doing and then right
immediately after I have another like
meeting with Jeremy he's also my friend
but he's riding with me for my next
album and so we're just like gonna like
get together like he's gonna like pick
my brain and brainstorm because I wanna
I want to do like a Kuang quote serious
album obviously not like serious well
you know just like a fun album but like
songs you would hear on the radio like
obviously I love my comedy songs I think
they're so funny and they amused the
shit out of me um
obviously I think they're so funny and
they amuse me and that's like I think
that's what I always love doing it's
like I'm using myself and I'm going I'm
gonna totally do music videos for all
the songs I'm like in love with all my
songs from daddy issues because I wrote
those and those are like my little
babies but it's really cool that I have
a legit writer that wants to write for
me and I think that's so really cool
really awesome and I'm like okay like so
we're gonna like brainstorm or and like
go over like what I like my sound to be
songs I like and then I'm recording I'm
doing mashups of two of my favorite
artists but they're going to be separate
mashups but like I'm doing like multiple
songs from like one artist multiple
times together like matching up so I'm
recording that today um you guys have
already heard I think one of the artists
that I'm doing a mash-up of so I'm going
to like do that and yeah do you love
these new sunglasses
peace means living for them um good I've
had a good day y'all I'm ever gonna be
having a good life I was reading the
comments I put up the log of me and Sean
and other in the comments and I just
want to turn it's really really quickly
um oh not I mean I watch standers video
about us me and Sean this mess has
always has a line that's crazy only way
um
I've got shootas video what was in touch
I'm oh I totally forgot what I came back
Oh two things I remember one okay I see
her son in his video when you're luring
private people shouldn't have an opinion
on it when you put it out to the public
and like like he said you guys aren't
putting cameras in my house spying on me
and looking at the related by putting
this out there for you guys so yes you
can comment on it everyone coming on
everyone have an opinion on it because
it is opening it up for that which is
why I'm not gonna be like so crazy with
like every little thing we do together
like I'm not gonna be bawling all the
time and I think it's just like a
healthier way to be epilim is through
friendships and other things to stick a
healthier way to be um literally no
Crossin book
so that's that's totally cool like yeah
definitely
have your opinions and I and but just
just so I can like counter respond to
some of the comments is a lot of people
like ultra she's like back because your
albums doing really well and um I mean
you're gonna expect those comments
anyways but and like not that I need to
explain it I feel like this is kinda
where I went wrong last time so I was
trying to explain every little thing and
I'm not going to do that but I just
wanted to like make it clear that like
we were talking before my birthday made
it just felt a little weird and
Wednesday talking we were like in
communication we didn't actually start
talking talking until after my birthday
he sent me you're really sweet birthday
text he sent me a really really sweet
birthday text on my birthday and I was
kind of shocked because all our
communication up to this point was more
professional like business because you
know I wanted to do the shitty order
when we share was okay like was kind of
stalled very professional they're gonna
cold in a way and and I guess on my
birthday he said he was like drunken
sent me like a text about how he just
like really felt it was really really
sweet wine is crazy
um hey everyone um so we were talking
with like my my birthday mate and and
and yeah and he was the one who
introduced me she's my producer Marc and
um anyways it's no it's really I don't
know why I acknowledge that um just the
other quick thing I wanted to
acknowledge is that and it was on
Sanders video but just comments in
general and Sanders I love you ders I
look at it like it's fun like I would do
the same thing it's fun I like his
channel especially now that like he does
he does gossip and like a a nice like
respectful way like I love that like he
I like that kind of stuff because I do
like youtuber like gossip like I'm
always like prank vs. prank like
anything you know the Jacqueline help
Beck cosmetics thing I'm always just
eating a video map I'm always just like
really interested in what other people
like think about things so I do really
really get it and respect it
but just to touch on something like you
know sarin up is for publicity or to do
album steals and no none like honestly
know like if that was the case I'd have
a better comeback videos than what I
posed is that was just kind of like
thrown together I didn't know I was
gonna blog we didn't know what we were
saying like I would have like calculated
something better um
but you got so many kids crazy
um but - I really do I said this on
Twitter I said this in description that
block I live my life on YouTube I don't
live it for YouTube and like I couldn't
I couldn't fake hanging out with some I
caught it I can't I wish I could because
there's some youtubers that what a
collab hangout and I'm just like I don't
really like your content I don't really
know your personality we wouldn't I just
don't feel like we wouldn't mesh like I
really wish I could like just force
myself to help people for the better of
my youtube channel but like I can't and
but like I said I'm not I wish I could
actually take that back because it's
like I live my life to have fun like I
knew I knew vlogging with Sean and
snapchatting like I knew it was gonna be
kind of a shitstorm and there's gonna be
a lot a lot of opinions on it I was
really really scared of that and that's
why we never blogged before because I I
was just I was just scared to open that
up Sean has become more comfortable
social media and I he's you know he's
like cool with it now a little more
comfortable with it you know I was an
overshare I've learned so it's not like
we're just getting back together and
going back to what what what what was
okay it's not that just we're just
talking right now and I've learned from
my mistakes we don't need to be around
each other 24 hours a day we don't I
don't need to be clinky I don't need to
be over sharing every personal detail
that we talked about like even though
when we talking like oh my gosh this
would be such a good youtube good topic
like I don't need to be doing that and I
definitely don't need to be pushing
people away and going crazy on people
that's Jeffrey stars Jeep that's he'll
jeepers he's gonna see it that's Hill
Jeep I thought on his snapchat stable
anyways um so funny um but yeah anyways
I've learned my lessons and and it's
like you know I'm a big girl I would say
I know what I'm doing I really don't
know what I'm doing but my heart is
always open hope to anything and
everything and I give people second
third fourth fifth chances and like I've
always said to you guys and told you
guys once I love someone I love them
forever and that's it so now I'm gonna
like you're going cuz I think I'm
getting close
I had the maps up but it wasn't working
working there anyways wrong Melrose so
the very blue sheeting very bougie stop
reading went super successful Greg
Cameron I love you guys I don't know
you're watching this probably not
because I feel like you're not check
watching videos because they're dad's
with kids and married but I love them so
much and it was a really super stressful
me I felt really really good about it
and I had a really yummy lobster pasta
I mean calamari and I love meeting our
lunch the perks of having managers and
agents and sponsors literally I'd like a
ride is like a free boot and um yeah
we're gonna we're gonna be going over
some music you are the music in music in
you knew the words wants a bar time I
love it huh whoo okay now I'm saving
that I'm say madam to have suddenly High
School Musical related coming up um new
chips
um yeah so no one good and I'm just
giving off to you because I'm still in a
really good mood I'm really happy I'm
really happy I know she will tell me I'm
like um manic like uh is it what is it
or BBD Wonderland purse I love have room
diagnosed with me brother
yeah borderline personality disorder
sure you're manic cuz you're like very
depressed because I wonder you're so
super sad I would say you're super happy
everything's one day at a time take
everything on at home I'm like the
happiest I've been in a long time so
yeah whatever everybody goes through
these emotions don't let anyone call you
crazy people just resort crazy because
it's easy it's an easy jab hello guy
that's all tell something oh I'm gonna
get my Nielsen York should probably just
forget me also next week I gotta get my
nails done let me know why she get done
I don't know what to get like blind dry
ideas so um love you guys this is um
this was in my things I love video I
don't know if it's out yet on my main
channel but this is that long ass like
um charger so you can like give it some
on the back to make your charger a
little ride like three Lee's in my car
over that's us we will see you at all
about the bread all about that bread
that's where we're going I'll walk that
right
getting done' how many are you getting
uh I don't know could I get a kind of
chocolate twist
you have like that whitening so I'll
sprinkle that one you like a box comfort
I get a dozen size you bring into the
report you can go okay look we're gonna
take out put it in the Dozen that way we
get is get a bunch in the low we don't
need all this bring it important see
what's on it
okay guys this is our third lunch of the
day I'm with Jeremy hey Jeremy donut
time donut time I can sit donut so it
should be a song I feel like Anna didn't
oh it's so much that was very power
ranger of you were having some donut and
this is my favorite kind of meeting it's
an s12 a second meeting but with Jeremy
so it's going to be like 10 times better
because it's donut I feel like almost a
rap song I'm like a little way with a
like a it don't feel like Homer Simpson
don't know oh my guys and that's what
rocky may have to show y'all so now it
is I'll show the suits and she set for
lives please recording studio essentials
hat us up and get some gas and some
goodies for recording Co
is my little baby looking so beautiful
on a CF ugly car so just doing a little
gas pumping you know casual $80 just
spent shoes of the day with many target
leggings kinda get some essentials for
the recording studio lots of cheetos
water in a double shot of Starbucks
got lots of different options you know
green some for the recording studio Sam
I'm a cute little purse honey baby I got
you Donuts
yeah duh hey you love me cuz I bring you
Donuts yeah it does a guy I will nervous
baguette
okay yeah it's uh yeah I get nervous
yeah yeah
let it be in the studio twist happy yo
where's your shades where's your
Shakeology you where's those shades in
studio is that a legit producer with the
shades in the studio yeah same charm are
legit producer shades in the studio
network I can't create I can't create
without him if you didn't know now you
know
you know shit where's a legit scary
looks like appreciate there's no legit
miss until alerted you make them hit
with some shade but you got the same you
come and receive a comment you got that
Adsense bottom you know walk you can
save them every session assembler lonely
island song shayzon studio i got one a
boat with like shades in this video are
creatively she's got know what y'all
know but i'll know why the shades metals
oh we all adesh a video y'all thought we
were doing daddy issues oh no we bad we
bad we bad we bad do do stain shades
this community
