good morning making some hard-boiled
eggs there's two in there
where's that other a key um you guys
know that they're really good mood this
morning because of you guys I'm what is
this life that I'm living that's what I
woke up thinking like what is this life
that I'm living
oh hello brightness I'm just in a really
really good food and it's a hundred
percent because of you guys 100% cause
of you guys and I just we I wasn't for
eighth day I'm the pop-tarts and number
25 overall and I was like what it is oh
I just feel so beyond love this is like
early morning while waking up with Trish
um I'm really really happy so today we
are getting my roots done a we we're
going together with any my roots done
got that bad right now but trust me they
bad um and then I'm gonna get a spray
tan later today and I gotta pick up the
packages and a bunch of boring it's up
to but oh I like print stuff would you
get a printer I have a printer I need to
figure out how to hook it up oh let me
show you this little little fashion
accessory then I'm obsessed with its
little sex collar um I will you know the
first is up Carmen Electra wearing that
smells like I really really want that
then my friend angel
he had this is everything with that
obviously I'm not gonna be wearing this
dress acts someone had me wearing this
or he's act like what the fuck get out
of here no fucking way
that'd be weird but I love it as like an
accessories sexy thing not today but
when I feel sexy no okay so I can't
really hear it now but are these not the
coolest beats ever they're so cool like
a little Barbie again daddy um question
how do you church how do you charge
beats I have hair but are these the
battery one do we how can we tell to
recharge them are these the battery can
someone Tommy because the only thing
that came inside the box were these two
quarts
nobody needed his headphone chords but
this one has the microphone and this one
just looks like an alternative pair this
is the charger I don't know probably the
charger um so let me know those I don't
I don't know the box literally just says
I'll show you that's what the box looks
like but it doesn't really say like is
it Wireless you charge it there was like
no instruction so if you guys have a
pair
let me know so I actually got Joey here
on YouTube I loved his last night by the
way Oh focus I got Joey a pair of these
like bedazzled ones cuz that univac is
not aligned like I'm always supporting
them like I'm always getting the most
from them
I don't get free stuff sent to me by the
way from the o-line someone always
things I ever get pay for it with my
discount poet Richard I mean another
person I get 10% off just like all y'all
um but I you know I wanted something
cool for his birthday like Ezio Joey is
like a little more like um what's the
word as opposed to see Andrew who are
very more like low-key like joins were
like me were he likes like blingy stuff
and like I pump you know that just over
watching his videos and just knowing him
in person like you know he gets his
nails dead like me and well like a lot
but you know know me were more similar
in style so it's like okay well I think
those beats are fucking cool like I'm
sure he would too so that was apparent
green it was in his um maybe here it's
video and I really when he opened it I
just I saw how like who they were and
I'm kind of like I kind of went up here
to UM I love the green I almost I was
tempted to get the green but I dragged
it pink because I mean these are pricey
y'all I'm not gonna lie they're a little
pricey but you know Pink's my thing so
like it was always run my neck like a DJ
yeah now we're talking mmm DJ Trish in
the am so yeah I got those and I don't
know if I showed you guys but if I did
then we just had a whole conversation
about this again um so yeah thanks guys
I'm just really happy this morning
really good like I don't care of it up
good shit and that people are gonna
screenshot it and be like your face is
ugly you fucked up your face you're the
most unfortunate person I've ever seen
my life your lips are that sauce thing I
hate oh I don't care it's so funny how
sometimes looks can bother someone so
bad
you know I mean like you don't like the
way you think I'm like really disgusting
like why are you watching this video if
you like being disgusted maybe that's
her sick toward your pleasure whatever I
don't even care today campaign ain't
good mood and I just got a design back
for a new daddy issues shirt from one of
my favorite artists she designed my
Trish pinup shirt and I contacted her to
do a daddy as she's one and it's
freaking amazing she is amazing and I'm
gonna show you guys the design after
I've been eating so I think things are
just about boil so Lordan do that have a
couple pieces of toast with it I did a
pretty good job I should have showed you
this before the port was actually that
crazy like shit was everywhere they
think boxes in there my toast is done um
but I just want to show you guys these
things by the way these body shapes I
think I mentioned in favorites like a
year ago I'm gonna toss these are from
Trader Joe's I have a backup that I know
bitch loves to meet some veggie chips
these are like actually better than
potato chips I don't know what it is
they just feel light and crispy and I
don't like such a bad ass after eating
them I know their shell shapes but
whatever and then these are my favorite
cookies these are actually vegan cookies
they smell good I took a cobra mom stop
action and take it she put it in my bag
and then I just got these the almond
butter
YUM this is from Trader Joe's and the
cookie butter of them words I always
have to stock up on some mac and cheese
the spiral kind is the only kind you get
and then a bunch of fruit snacks from
all the while ago but there's still that
like if you just want something quick
yeah sure I'm a pantry I'm just it done
gotta go get it and this is my fragile
yeah literally and with all these baby
Coronas without cute these baby Coronas
are like guys came over they're always
like girl with this little corona I am
that's and three minutes later today
lots of drinks that's like a single girl
fridge right there I'm opposed to make
kind of girl and if I snack or something
I only want fruit my house have a sunny
day I think whenever so for all y'all
think I'm always Ian's fancy breakfast
but this is seriously like maybe your
breakfast ever just like a like eggs on
top of bread and like Sunny Delight like
I'm a basic bitch we know this but it
looks so fucking good by the way ignore
the dirty socks but how cute are these
shoes they're just like happy to find
each other my little girly shoes and
love so much open my little spirit
candle from Joey and Daniel I love it so
much love and unity on a theme this
candle has brought me great energy ever
since my birthday party I have been
having great energy in this house and in
life and this thing is for a pure one
why is that not closing hello this
little setup is from pier 1 and there's
a camera to watch you I mean they're
just camera but okay I'm ready ahh
I literally just like putz around for
like 30 minutes on snapchat
I don't have any and he reservations
about doing that I just pulled over to
snapchat me lip-syncing to my songs and
then also took the Little Mermaid songs
and wanted a Little Mermaid tomorrow I
think I have tickets I think I'm going
no huh
the stresses of life in my RA um I'm
going to go get my heart in and I'm
gonna spray tan today although this
pretty and people come to my house but
these roads I know they don't like I was
like oh they look bad but like when you
like get into the root of it that looks
bad um my hair is growing y'all this is
it crazy I mean not the length and
thickness I want it to be but um so yeah
that is what we are doing today I'm
really really excited and I love my
nails so much I can't stop staring at
them I can't stop like moving like I
move my hands anyways but now with my
nails that I'm like extra there are like
5,000 99-cent stores within like a block
of joke I'm not kidding there's three
within two blocks of each other in your
meat
this must be the area for the night
nights and start is so crazy so weird
actually because the area living is I
mean it's kind of like expensive but I
guess maybe that's what it was and I
asked or cuz the ring it's so fucking
expensive here um I don't think I'm not
in the boogy boogy part but it's still
it's weird there's so many
um what else what else else bright
morning I kind of just shelled week I
saw that I kind of chill this morning oh
I didn't show you guys the new designs
the new t-shirt design g-dammit I
instagrammed it though maybe I can maybe
I can show you guys it's so freaking
cool the little pimp designers t-shirts
available she presents pressure up this
sign and it special huh
and it is such a cool design this girl
might this artist is amazing she was
just a follower and she sent the first
one to me a while ago and I was just
like I commissioned her to do this one
for daddy oh he can't my gosh it's like
I can't even see anything right now
don't focus on me focus on that
anyways yeah those are there's no
teachers and focus I'm like so said I
over meant a sweatshirt a t-shirt a tank
top of Uncas like I ordered the most for
myself because I really love that design
a who gave this artist you know like I
said she sent me a thing before and of
course when I paid her forties it for my
emerge I'm just picking up back and
Valentine's Day and she didn't mean I
like loved it was like so but she's so
freaking talented and said then I was
like hey like I wanted to do a daddy
issues shirt I have ones that the up
cover but I wanted to do like enough for
caption I hurt my stomach and so I kind
of just gave her like these new are book
cover references that I really liked my
said you know something maybe like this
like me sitting on the guy's lap but she
does like me all that like she just like
knocked it out of the park like um what
do you call it okay like I like I like
the idea obviously like I can see but
this idea and I really wanted it but
like she just like when you stopped my
saw her I was like blown away and I just
like wrote her this like huge email back
and of course paid off really cool being
a real sense of course I paid people for
their designs like a chorus especially
when there's how knows her and I even
gave her more of this time around
because one it was like a specific
design that I requested but also you
know she just did so good on the first
job and I just like she's so so talented
and she's so pretty I follow her
Instagram I think it's like Kalani
underscore Kalani I tagged her I'd
understood underscore at keene ami ki
and ami and she's like so pretty too and
I'm just like how does someone so
beautiful and so talented like how is
that possible and yes but yeah
so that's where we're at oh my god I
just looked up and I thought this was
not recording I was like a little bit
early even talking to myself for twenty
minutes or four minutes about that um
which is when it wouldn't be bad and
usual like you talk to myself most on
most occasions oh hey yeah this guy's
like looking at straighten out but he's
not actually that he had some camels
like uncle Joey I need me an Uncle Jesse
please oh I think you should have John
Stamos it's a fucking same Pouilly
fucking your Dave whoo yeah what am I
fooling
oh okay I mean you can take myself John
seemed a little more Atomics I just dare
him for two hours I'm so excited
god but that's updates and oh we are
still on the iTunes charts and it's very
very cool and I'm very very appreciative
and I love you guys so much and we will
do we will go to get her hair done I
don't care what my teacher says I'm
gonna be supermodel I've been having a
grooming a week I got my eyebrows done I
got my nails done going up my hair down
in teeny grooming oyster I was kind of
annoying to me though I was like I'm
doing like the most I'm like why I just
got to do all this again in three weeks
it's not frustrating and I'll then a
love like oh my god once I get my spray
tan done I'll be like oh my god I look
so beautiful I do love the way I look
and I feel better about myself which is
why we do the things we do take a letter
about ourselves right and make such a
difference it really does in my whole
personality and just like my being I
just feel better
oh my kinda hurts all I had to do that
egg sandwich
hey a bunch of junk yesterday I did so
I'm trying to eat clean I don't find a
place a problem I have a printer and I
don't know how to make it work so then I
go find a place to write critics
crickets out sorry okay
and worried died the color they can have
a champagne why I love this place so
much - the target dress I look really
cushy today
that man champagne this is a good
snapchat leave me a glasses and Krishna
topics
I left me this one actually ones I'm
here I'm like food tend to relax not
someone else take care it's really about
when you middle parted he has ever
wanted thought as one whom the Kimbo
salon and asked me Joey
she's like a planet more like name
I swear my hair has grown so much and
Abhijit that's a hot all right guys the
final color so good I'm so happy with it
it means let me all around that color
though it's like amazing mmm I love it
you're rocking on my natural hair again
so good
Zoe we're gonna kill dead
oh I just got sprayed and I always have
got my spray tanning and people are
always like show us what you do okay so
this is a beauty by Blair's right hand
and they come to your house if you're in
LA they come to your house and literally
they spray you in your house you can
just chill this quick tan I have on and
you literally can like rinse off in an
hour if you want it light you can rinse
it off in like two hours if you want a
medium or you can winced often like
three hours if you want a darker or you
can like sleep in it and be like super
super dark Blair is in the bathroom
right now but I'm gonna have her come
out and show ya there's Blair it's
routine and I was like they literally
come I don't know if there's anything
you want to add and I kind of explained
it all but like oh no it's just quick
and easy we just top up the tent you get
in there naked so quick like I'm very
custom to and flawless yeah I never had
a better spray tan I'm not the same it's
like I love it like I found them on Yelp
and I'm like upset we each have a
partnership in this company yeah oh yeah
cuz three brands out of I'm blue Brit
and Blair I use all the time but no this
is like legal so if you're not lay
beauty by Blair they're amazing and this
is like that set up what hello yes just
step on in and then she sprayed and then
she powders you and so much fun
I'll show you guys you'll see in like
three hours and I rinsed off you see my
color but you can already see this
lighting like sucks you can already see
it's like getting bronze like it's so
fucking pretty yeah oh yeah this stuff
is amazing is that like the powder yes
this is the top um powder that we use
that just spin the wheels so good and
what is it dudes no one ever powdered
the interest rates yeah baby blocks your
stickiness it's like take away all the
stickiness and sets your tan so it
doesn't get on your clothing I love it
make sure sure your you smell nice I
feel so good and that's the thing this
doesn't stink at all
and once you rinse it off like I rinsed
off after like three hours and you
rinsed off like it doesn't get on your
sheets which I love to doesn't stain
everywhere it's like the only thing
we're talking about the dress is just
wear like loose clothes because right
you look crazy afterwards you could just
be naked or just be naked Oh honestly I
should actually I feel like if it wasn't
filming I would be naked my boobs look
so tan um okay so I have been sitting
out here for a half hour waiting for my
boobs she developed an example trooping
so pale um so I wonder if lean a little
bit more because people just ask me a
lot and in response not sponsor I swear
my god I don't know how to say it cuz I
know it comes across that way but I
really really love something like I just
have talked about it so basically I
found Beauty by Blair Blair was the girl
you saw her sister Bree they have this
company which is amazing um and I love
them so much but what I love the most is
their lot only ones in LA that I could
find because um when I didn't have their
personal numbers like when I just like
books for your website um I you know
sometimes I I couldn't get an
appointment time or whatever so I would
like Google other places in LA that
would you you know you know come spray
at your house or even I am one to guy
you should always like physically go to
a salon and get a spray Tim will
normally get a spray tan and you have to
like sleep with it and like you can't
like you're kind of stuck like you
always I always had a goal like late at
night because I would sleep with it and
then in the next morning otherwise if
you go in the morning you can't sweat
you can't put on makeup like you have to
be the whole day with this nasty spray
tan in the small gross hole one this
isn't smell gross but two they have this
thing called a quick Tim and I'm gonna
explain a lot more because I feel like I
don't explain good enough um like and
I'm stay on the couch by the way like
look
like usually I'd have like a towel or
something but like I'm too sitting on
the couch because like it doesn't really
my experience haven't got anywhere I'm
saying with my back against the couch
and have a light couch so um because
they powder you so it's like you get
like nice and dry you don't feel sticky
don't know why he don't get smelly but
you can let it sit for an hour and then
rinsed off and you'll be just like a
little bit darker two hours will be
medium three hours will be dark I like
to go I've got an hour before before
music videos I normally will go to but
tonight I'm gonna actually try three
we're gonna do a little tester and see
what it looks like in the morning but
I'm gonna go three hours so she came at
some thirty it's it's 8:30 down sigh
guys have been developing for an hour
and this is like it's like a bronzing
color but like when you rinsed off
you'll see in the shower like the
bronzing color like does come off but um
it's just a PD by Blair on Instagram
because when I like check her out her
head up is here in LA or if you're gonna
come visit LA and you want like you know
you want to be pampered you want a spray
tan spraying is the way to go I'm gonna
do a whole oh I'm actually we can - I
should do tomorrow my new whole video on
why stop tanning looking on tanning beds
and the Sun I have a really sad story I
don't know from to share the whole story
but I have a really sad story actually
about what personally happened to me
because of tanning and I did tant
excessively in beds and my bedroom I
died but in beds in the Sun so I did it
to myself so I'm not asking for sympathy
in any way that's the last thing in fact
I was a big idiot I went on TV and I
talked about how I wasn't scared of
tanning beds and the Sun then just it
did about a bit me in the butt and you
know what it happened and it did and I'm
dealing with it it's me I'll deal with
but I still like to be tan to look the
aesthetic of tanning and so I spray I
just want to be safe and spray tan and
stuff with the way to go so please don't
hand in tanning beds please don't tan in
the Sun it's it's really really bad if
you're like I can't even really stop the
pool anymore like if that's how bad it
is or like going out when it's sunny
like I can't like it sucks it sucks like
I always have to be indoors so learn for
my mistakes just protect yourself
because even repair myself now I'm still
at risk and it's just it's awful but
spray tanning is great and it's safe so
I'm gonna what video on that but anyways
I thought I'd give a little more
explanation cuz my boobies look tan
I like it and yeah I'm gonna go charge
my this battery camera I musta been
blogging a lot today was i blocking oh
those phone calls I did the other night
alright guys this is my little mermaid
it is inspired by it the finale outfit
is so gorgeous once again designed by
Michael Philpott the best that's amazing
and put a little keep on there cuz it's
night time so this is so breathtakingly
beautiful just wait you guys see it in
the light it's like absolutely so
gorgeous it's like beautiful things my
