that song has a little bit something to
do with for something so bad this
traffic is so bad I am um oh my god I
don't even know what to say
I know cuz it's really awkward not
awkward but like I don't know how to
talk about it or if I can't talk about
it or if I should talk about it and this
present she's coming out to water I just
feel like I just don't know like what I
should say and what I can say and like
I'm just I might kind of shaky and like
really I'm really just excited like I'm
not I'm just I'm not nerve I'm excited
cause it feels so weird what am I even
talking about I'm not going on a date
it's not a date but it's with someone
who I love so very much and my favorite
dinner companion and I'm mmm I'm like uh
uh it's it's it's just it's just weird
it's like weird to talk about because
like I know it's just weird
um but while I can't say who or why or
how I can't say that I am like happy and
I'm like happy in life I'm happy to know
this person and to have this person in
my life whatever sense that is I am so
willing to go with it and abide by
whatever that means
look it's like a heart like oh I'm not
trying to be like a complainer you were
like a fucking annoying it it's not even
YouTube it's just me as a person I'm a
fucking open book like I am so open I
share so much with everybody in the
world
I mean I've always shared with like
everybody my fuckin business
and then once obviously once I started
YouTube I got a little worse I got a
little extreme and you know there's like
when he started a new relationship for
instance any friendship relationship
just any sort of interaction with
someone you can't like just shove a
camera in their face right away
like and that's weird and it's awkward
and I wouldn't like that as someone -
that to me that wasn't like a youtuber I
gonna say YouTube friend or a meeting
someone that does YouTube I guess the
only difference like what we do we
understand each other but like I don't
know like if I was just some like random
person and like somebody put a fucking
camera my face if it what the fuck are
you doing you don't I mean and it's
weird and not everybody likes me in
camera like for instance my relationship
with my brother and my sister-in-law
it's so great it's so wonderful we're
we're strong as fuck we're really tight
and but they just they just asked not to
be filmed my dad when I was 18 and I
first moved out here he would never let
me drive to LA alone because he said
like traffic's crazy like you went out
to drive and I just had to like throw
myself in and learn how to drive when I
got here I was like always really scared
that coming I was always like warning me
about the traffic in that
which is bad and like I feel like now
I'm used to it but craziness um so
anyways like I was saying I do have
seagulls on I just kind of push over my
shoulder um just will squirt it like
this
look at her ticket baby um you know I
I used to film my brother and my sister
but they're just not they just don't
like it they don't want that to be their
life they don't want their life on
YouTube and any of their personal
information I can't put on YouTube like
you know there's always really there's
exciting things happening right now my
brother and my sister I'm on a like I
can't talk about it because they don't
want that and and I thought through you
have to respect that
otherwise you're gonna have a terrible
relationship with people you know I mean
and it sucks because I love sharing
things but I've always loved sharing
things like even in like school like if
my dad like my dad got remarried like
literally like crazy my dad got
remarried and I found out like the day
before and I like just told everybody
and I was like yeah he's just like
randomly gonna bearded this person to
like sharing their business that like no
people I like don't really need to know
people's noses I mean I'm just like an
overshare in general relation with
YouTube it's just a little it's just on
a bigger scale I should say um um
anyways so I'm always on sticky
territory because what should put my
blogs that you see are either youtubers
family that doesn't mind being on like
my mom or people who want to do
something entertainment like a singer or
songwriter or hairstylist or makeup like
people who who like this lifestyle who
signed up for this lifestyle we have
ballet for this life so you know I mean
and there's a gift to him um and then
there are some people like you can ease
into vlogging um and be like hey like
you want to be on which is um but I've
done that too I have these people into
blogging it's just a it's just a thing
and it's especially with dating not that
I'm going on a date but I'm just saying
like dating in general it's hard it's
sticky like when I was dating and just
at some mine that I threw the New Year's
Eve party was like no one knew and
YouTube and and it's so easy for people
to be like oh it's an imaginary
boyfriend because like if you don't see
him it seems imaginary and I fucking
always hated that - because it's like
mom like Roger for instance like it we a
home well that's a whole other thing
that I had to keep a secret for a reason
but it's such because it was he was such
a big part of my life that's like well
this is apartment that not only is a big
part my life
it makes me happy and I love it so much
and I wish I could share things I that
make me happy and like tonight I'm gonna
have a fucking ball I know I'm going to
be so happy the happiest I've ever been
in a very long time and it's like it
sucks like I can't really share it I
don't think I don't know I'm maybe I'm
just like I don't know maybe it's like
not even like relevant you guys don't
even care
I'm just trying to express like some
frustrations I guess because I I have
heard like or read comments then I suck
at vlogging now like my walks are not
interesting and I just kind of don't
really know what to say to that I try my
best I think I do have a boring life I
always on her too boring life so I never
vlog like I just feel like my life is
kind boring
um but at the same time it's like I
can't really blog everything you know
and it's probably good for my sanity and
for just unhealthy relationships in
general because um you know obviously
like prank vs. prank would be a versus
GF whatever their vlog channel is you
know they broke up and they said on
their video like heat warning like don't
look in daily vlog like it will ruin
different relationships and I hold all
my relationships really valuable to my
heart and I don't want it to ruin that I
don't want to have to shove camera in
someone's face every time they hang out
with me mean linkle I better look good I
better look presentable and well I don't
care if I look presentable on camera
something you don't want to do and they
don't want you don't I don't want to
have that pressure in that stress
I don't know fucking weird I don't even
know even what I was like Joey and
Danielle like crazy a dream for that
matter anymore it's like I don't because
I'm a demon I watched her daily blog but
I'm a longer like obviously and they're
not so much like Joey is but like
they're not so much anymore and so it's
like you don't meet that friend either
even though we're all youtubers and
they're totally fine quote but like
sometimes you just want to enjoy being
with your friends and I think I think
left don't think I'm friends with like
Shane as much anymore because I don't
walk as much but doesn't move to hang
out as much you don't we still hang out
him
I value like more of our personal talks
than anything else you know need me
because he's like this all the time he's
like a mentor to me in a weird way like
he's you know worth obviously wages up
but like channeling him but he's so
smart and knowledgeable and just like
gets me like we we come from
we come from like similar backgrounds
but like constantly I don't know I
wouldn't have a lot of the same bucket
issues and he just like gets P which is
is so rare when someone gets me so I
value those and I like I said I don't
want to ever cause anyone lis anxiety
here you think that and I don't know I'm
just gonna blabbing at this point but
it's just a lot of frustrations and it
just just like yeah it's just
frustration because I really do while
blogging Anna it sucks that like people
think my I've gotten worse at blogging
or like they're not as fun anymore like
I don't know what to really say to that
and I can't really do anything because
it's my life it's how I live my life I
can't really change my life
and I want to want to change my life and
that's where we're at and some I'm
driving now and this traffic is crazy
I'm trying to think there was anything
else
thank you guys for who do stick around
this channel like I don't this channel
of me is all fun like I don't really
choose one switch-up set off and on this
channel I play ever I got one girl trip
just recently for this channel but like
I never do swanstrom channels kind of
let's warps like a casual thing for me
which I like it's like a big data these
are like relaxing to me is like when I
have a free day I like to just edit my
my vlogs um
but anyways I love you guys like I do
love you guys and thank you guys for
sticking around this channel and I
actually look kind of cute today so
win-win for all of us she was loved this
little sex caller i snapchatted I'm like
when he can't get that sex caller off
the day-after
I'm just me wearing this like I'm
stunned the day just a sec scholar
nothing to see um but anyways I've been
listening to my daddy issues I'm kind of
obsessed with it I don't know it's so
weird it's so surreal when you like make
your own music it's like really cool
like jam up to it I like yeah that's
good like I like it I don't know why I
said that like I'm a surprise I love it
like I fucking I like I can't wait to
like jamaats it's so fucking crazy I was
doing up sleepy on earlier just cuz I
just haven't lost feeling that song
but I'm recording to our guys I'm really
excited for that too I don't mean that's
a tomorrow's walk but I remember doing a
recording session ro in the studio to
report on new music it's crazy
because I just put out an EP and music
videos are coming for those probably a
couple weeks but anyway thanks guys and
I will see you soon maybe baby I don't
know I don't know I don't know if I
should even blog at all like even myself
I feel like maybe that's weird
just find out oh wait how I feel I have
to preface it cuz on the way over here
said I probably won't walk but I'm
reading something very special so I got
a problem so that yeah is like I might
not vlog because like it might make them
uncomfortable so I know I didn't tell in
the car that it may not be vlogging but
I can't help myself get maybe rappers in
the whole fucking world oh my god your
first thing back is my first thing
that's what I like to say back home
sitting next to right now financing each
other we cry okay so I hugged in the
parking lot I cried and this Lee doesn't
know who we already think it's like
that's the beautiful Carla could have
said
to sleep you fucker I know we're like we
had each other okay son we were talking
and and really happy to see Tricia oh
I'm so excited
mm-hmm we talked this is our first life
and we're and I just want to show you
guys what brings happiness in people's
lives
last term it's not focusing and don't
leave any mean comments there's anything
comments on this video I'm fucking
deleting it and blocking everybody
because I'm happy she won't walk anybody
that's true I enjoy the mean comments
but I'm I'm having like the happiest
I've ever been because I'm talking to
Sean again he's literally my favorite in
the whole entire world like that is all
there is joy she's lying no you know
it's true you know it sir you know
you're maybe a better person in the
entire fucking world
why you say something do you know the
ladies'll idiot right laughter oh man we
just can't remember last time we was
Wanda - she's back yeah we told her the
whole situation and she was like giving
she was giving a therapy we're having
fun counseling session you know we
shouldn't open that came to warmest cuz
she was trying to tell us what we should
do you know what kissing each other a
while hey we've been talking
this is good yeah it's a golden well
this is awkward what else what is back
that's it everyone always wants to know
like why and how I don't know we're just
talking what is he know we're talking
what's wrong with talking if anybody has
to judge it you know yeah it's wrong
we're talking we're talking Union that's
it I'm not freaking cake no we're okay
with it don't look like I forced you to
be on this one camera now I like it I do
I was just had a dog Felder cuz that's
how I know Shawn so they've only seen
him through a dog filter for the past
two makes me comfortable
oh my god here's the money you Abed
welcome I think Swisher looks amazing I
really do no I can't every fuckin nose
Minami IBM thirty pounds and I remember
shit Dean you really didn't get over I
know because I fuckin do it wait wait
what are we dancing again let's get on
here with so you can't back out you guys
want to see us dance again okay wait oh
wait no we have an answer okay liars Oh
II there no no no can I say this yeah
see you guys when I might did a video
and I talked about
the Rihanna shit how many have Tricia
said this to me and she wrote some
fairly sweet on the back end which
everyone could see on your video wasn't
a secret it's a lyric
y'all gonna see anything so um do I know
it I know it all oh yes prison was that
up yep people can read it people read
out know Ezell Eric he wrote that we
woke up yeah and brings dreams I'm very
proud of her for the video she did
tougher should I think she did an
amazing freaking job and I did make it
well here that says she's stolen his own
no we did that when we were hanging out
and he named Eve arrested to keep doing
the video and we went the studio we did
together with a really great time so why
not follow through this just because
shit went down with us at the time
what's the big deal
do it I'm not an immature bastard like
some people didn't say it necklace she
said to me was really really really
sweet and I really appreciated and it
wasn't creepy
no it wasn't creepy I was like oh should
be creepy it actually was the meaning
behind it is everything and why do I say
everything she says everything duh
