why is that I wasn't doing that before
leaving the girls we had a really good
time we really did I mean I'm about to
fall over from not eating by it should
eat in her at the why don't you The
Grove but won't the crow you're never
hungry and so I never suggest eating cuz
you never want to eat well I gotta fit
into that suit you just bought me she
just bought me a really cool I paid for
but she just bought me and what people
to think that I'm taking your money
because you know what if I you if I'd
asked you probably would have paid for
it because I saw Jenny she did invite
you it okay I mean she just picked out a
set for me that guys I'll be honest
it says 34 on the waist and maybe I'm
out of 34 cuz it's so I really need to
like I used to be a 32 it's cuz it
that's our which like you said you said
yourself it is me and that guy said to
it's made of slim fits made a small fit
it's like a smaller fit you were very
skinny it's just that is a slim store
it's like if I try to fit just Chanel
like it's not gonna she's gonna make me
feel fat but you fit into it you look
good I look like a blueberry muffin the
sales guy very nice but very conflicting
he was very concerned about these shoes
choices thick full I don't know how
though she's they're gonna look I told
him even though they look like yeah I
was like I know I know how to dress
people thank you very much I was a
little offended yeah he was coming at
you my white the white shirt I I do I do
love it cuz the black and I'm black I
love but at first I should right away
he's like no basic I'm like Jason's a
basic guy he doesn't want to be too
over-the-top
because he was right here you don't want
to be I didn't know much but I guess the
black was better black was definitely
better but it was a little quick to shut
down it was right I don't really bad we
didn't eat because honestly we shouldn't
be in that great place cuz that's Simon
or that one
we don't have time which as long field
we do it's only five those opposed is
less than 36 hours away and I need to
look great
Jason's a hair person I got a bad mood
and I'm out of it well I'm still kind of
in a sad mood but what wasn't a happy
when I was in a mood and Jason's like
you want to get out of it mostly was
like snap out of it
everyone tells me to snap out of my mood
and you never do I was editing something
of you today and it was so funny because
why you're about to do the photo shoot
and you're like oh I got a good Shanley
I gotta get the champagne glasses and
then you walk away and you come back
with this two glasses and a $10 and we
did you believe it in yeah what are you
doing I have to get rid of this stuff
yeah because it was for the problem and
I said if you ever heard of a sink hi
laughs I didn't know what you were
saying that dad was very hyper hyper
Michael I was very strong on my jokes
weren't that funny
no you're actually really funny I really
does I don't think this is the third
there Dana rolling out like I literally
we go away for like two hours and then
we hang out again and I get really
excited about that
yeah I'm a film with the boys do you
want to come to that you want the boys
in hell well you have you said you had
plans someone then I left they were like
let's all do something but you can come
with us oh you want to have a long time
you can just go over to the house a long
time and the opposite of a long time you
know what David does this really cool
thing he gets a water bottle and he
tries to flip it and make it stay
so we'll spend a good hour and a half
sometimes just all standing around
watching him do that hmm maybe I'll
stick my hands up don't take up well
they'll take a box uh-huh and a
broomstick and broken broomstick and
they'll just beat the box
Wow really like 20 minutes in you know
that seems to pass the time
you got really excited about it okay I'm
going to where does that be Franklin is
up hey where is is that you're not
exactly Center it won't along valia
valia velvet beast okay wait I know you
said you took your kids we can't say
this do you talk about on the blog that
you take them to Melrose to that place
I'm almost yeah you talk to me I do
do you ever say this place you take them
- yeah okay so you take the space call
Fred Segal which is like super bougie
like super booty like first of all we
don't buy clothes there oh just so you
know we just eat okay I never go in
there and buy them if I have a dollar
t-shirt ever
I keep that but I don't I go my ex-wife
doesn't let me state my case on the
friend signal before you go after me
that's why I want to meet that that's
what I was gonna say but if you if you
will ever come to LA and you want to
like do something cool that's like low
stress and really fulfilling
well fulfilling go go - on a Saturday go
to Fred Segal in on Melrose
free parking Oh giant parking lot always
spaces never ever any stress to park
that frickin car free free free free
free free and in LA that means something
then go inside walk to the kitchen sit
down have gift we get the buttered penne
with broccoli
it's like it's like 1195 which really
which I know is expensive like four and
I think you know the bill comes out to
be like 50 bucks but it's a we don't we
go like twice sometimes we go every so
it's really fun it's very I'd be
interested to take you there to see if
you were like oh yeah this is great
no I've been before oh wait don't you
have to stay here what you were supposed
to go right there no cuz the valleys
right there oh Jesus ditch that's how
they - in the step I think second I have
any any time so now we didn't eat at
that great place or any of those places
to be honest
how's that then that would have been
like a whole hour I don't what does that
change
don't nuts not beli you have to go you
have to go around I'm talking you're
just parking good no you know I do belly
huh I did you edit value' once today
that's good I'm gonna do twice this I'll
pay for it seems excessive that's not
that it's not the money I can't afford
it oh did you check her daddy over there
by the way did you ask my application we
got a I got a I got quote it's cheaper
than you think for what for the vacation
you know how you said oh I don't wanna
spend $10,000 and what's not that much
it's not no well okay how much are they
it's not it's like $10,000 8000 M
tell me exactly where you loved him how
much the fight is worth you're doing
first class yeah first class um like
fifteen fifteen thousand altogether of
elements two people
a nice hotel room no no we can't okay
yeah no Jason I'm not gonna go to
$15,000 vacation and being happy no no
it gonna be all of that I don't even
gonna be like a young I did this in my
marriage of like a man-child not a
man-child I was like oh yeah what do you
call it you know a guy that doesn't pay
long way that's not good
there's nothing I don't want to be that
guy you put you're not that guy because
you pay for all stuff all the time so I
found the Holiday Inn and ho stop at
weird rusty 339 and I've been stopped it
we go to Bora Bora for $10,000 Bora Bora
is less than Hawaii mm-hmm
Maui I'd love to go and like write a
little bit
was that me in brain Oh without me No
you could be there who I wrote oh yeah I
can keep myself occupied I got stuff I
gotta do - I do I like me wait no right
right
wait I'm gonna go right up here I don't
want to miss it again um anyways you're
we're never gravitation I hate when
people see a guru on page and then you
never come through that's sounds like I
push a push I'm like okay the days tell
me the dates on me the dates and then
you never come through oh you're just
you just have too much money $10,000 so
easily
so can you mr. Bujji just told me your
deposit you got recently I can't spend
new income Hannah Jason it's not right
it's a smelly parking right right all
right oh my god really sometimes I think
I am gonna get need to get something to
eat I'm like so hungry there's nothing
here is there no okay but hey you're
going it's like to go in the whole thing
that's not like an everyday thing
kitchens are like make you so that you
have to wear like a nice shoe look and
your sue is cheap so you want to have
like a nice expensive shoe so you're you
know she's small I think you know am I
gonna get a wife a why deploy okay
whatever all right let's just get him
out shave his body inside Morris this is
everything this is the most exciting day
of my life are you really gonna get him
yes your $30,000 pair of shoes you have
to do another in Italy yeah I can do a
Money Makeover videos with you oh my
gosh and his black on black so it's just
gonna look slick it's gonna look like
you know yeah I understand it but like
very like classy yeah yeah yeah then it
would be well yeah yeah I thought I
thought of those but then I let you do
all your other guys are gonna brings are
issues you're gonna be bringing this up
using Adi it's gonna mean snake oh those
guys know this is higher than Jimmy Joe
this is higher than yeah look honored
with that yes
he's like named Jimmy - is what yeah
takes time yeah
he wants more shoes he's gonna get three
Paris casual you get those too - no then
your title could be to $2000 parish is
because you spell dual the 2500 RS
because you got $25 with shoes
they're dope just get out no I better
not
why because it's just I'm I'm you know
they're nice they're really nice so nice
no way cuz that's that's a lot I can
come back we'll come back no we don't
have all months because we're going on
vacation
thank you so much really appreciate it
bye thank you have fun you there $39 is
just a fatty now if you've been with my
channel you guys know I loved his FB I
always come here they're so sexy I think
they're so sexy and guys you're gonna
love them and you know what you can
rather be and I need to dress up these
are your shoes Jesus really New Year's
Eve when they all make fun of you
now look at who's laughing daddy decent
life when I go to my
Christmas for sale yeah you're gonna
wear these okay I'm gonna make a Jason
feel better by me I'll drop like $2,000
so you see that what you feel but I'll
be like a head myself I know you're
you're gonna drop $2,000 purse no don't
as they have it I'll get it a lot of
flex I've wanted this purse this isn't
it look us for the moment like I
actually want to get this for myself for
Christmas so that's the buy a purse yeah
well the good news is if I bought a suit
I could have been a thousand dollars
like kilo boss dudes are like right
you're gonna cheat you should be honest
if I can work with the shoes they last
forever and if it works it around shoot
I won't make that these people are
always like I love your shooter
a black pencil on the Monday right yes
all the ones you don't like The DaVinci
ones anymore near Bemidji speedy yeah
you like the one that you like that
style but have it save okay yeah cuz I
seen the purple one I really like it you
like it yeah but if you wanted to say
Monet I understand that you maybe feel
that way I think he said they didn't but
we do is this su camino much was that a
Gucci suit where are we right
like this is Marshalls yeah I'm cold
like this big but the money when I saw
this girl happened she was really pretty
and she carried at she looked gorgeous
and I really want down I mean I can see
why my name I feel or look because this
is kind of like I feel a little bit like
The DaVinci toad right yeah maybe yeah
can I really have that baby one I really
want to bang I really wants my money
because I'm raising his own money I want
to spend money can you order it yeah my
last one is like going or shopping me
like here in like 2000 go bust my
Bitcoin
you should have had what could we get
around here Fred Segal not sushi oh oh
there then thank you for this thought
it's pretty good I get me yeah thank you
drivers job I didn't think about that
I can go that's a pretty woman how does
anything if I can't go in there and be
like with all my money that's why I like
spending money cuz people think I look
trashy and they're like oh I hope the
waiter than I spent a lotta Oh oh that's
so funny David does the same thing he
goes to Corvette dealerships and they'll
be like no you can't try you can drive
this and then exactly happens me they
even let me test drive it and they're
like mmm
they're like okay we just run a contract
before even letting me test drive it
they always that people have Drive
right oh we're gonna do a credit check
before I have certain like I mean just
give me the car or like I have cash like
just give me the fucking car I was so
fit and then they trying to cut me down
to like one that's $35,000 and I was
like meaning I want that you
the new locations I should love has
we've been at multiple locations today
for many years another good spot
you want to come well a check it out do
you like some of the best cheese in the
world right here right besties
jason nash approved
are you get teeth did you want some no
we don't eat cheese we got a very
healthy uh you know Jason's you guys
like eat healthy I like that about you
oh my god this is like way cuter on the
outside thank you it looks like we're on
a movie like a yeah it does right yeah
oh my god Christmas on Third Street love
you the name of this movie right now
um rats I've had a few but then again
too few to mention
one picture next to this how nice it
just got home super excited I'm crying
clean my house up really quick
Shane is coming over and we're hanging
out on a Friday night I'm super excited
we're filming some video we're filming
videos for this channel on us anybody
obviously I'll pause logged but I'm
really excited he's doing this new
series and I'm like the first person to
get to be in it and I'm really excited
I'm so tonight we're just gonna hang out
and catch up my sac has my Christmas
presents time comes tomorrow I just
tracked it and it says it'll be here but
on a day tomorrow
buts okay I'm gonna see him literally
Sunday today's Friday so I'm gonna see
him Sunday so it'll be fine but I really
wanted to get to him tonight but it's
fine
I'm really excited hang with him um had
so much fun with Jason I got a little um
sad we had a really good time at the
Grove and like shopping and that's
having fun and I you know he's such a
good distraction for me not distraction
like I love him as a person but like I'm
you know I've been kind of sad so it's
been nice to spend so much time with him
because it's kind of just getting me out
of the house and stuff and then I got a
little sad because you know um someone
had texted me that we had like a falling
out and you know when something's over
and you know it's over and there's no
coming back from it and but you just
know it's over it needs to be over but
you stopped to tie up those like loose
ends it's just hard to know something
that once made you so happy is over and
so I kind of got that text while we were
out and about and the person wasn't
trying to make me upset or anything it
just just happened that way and I got
really sad and Jason was really sweet
cuz I'm sorry I'm gonna snap out of this
cuz you know I still wanted to go to
Beverly Center with him and you know um
get some food and um he's like it's fine
you don't have to snap out of it you
know it's first time anyone's ever told
me it's fine to just be sad and just
feel those emotions and that they would
still want to be around me and that he
wasn't sick of me and um that was really
cool so it made me just be like Jason's
like a really good do to my life and
I'm excited to see shank Shane's been my
constant he's been the only consistent
in my whole life I've ever had as a
friend so I'm real excited to see him so
I feel a lot of love tonight and I just
really sad that something that one's
made me so happy is over and I know it
has and I just got my fault my sure
she's not gonna call or anything because
he can't get up so I'm happy in life I
mean I'm not so I'm so manic I'm happy
I'm sad at the same time it's just it
sucks oh god I just hurts when you just
really love someone and you just lose
them forever
but you know like I said I'm I don't get
any more mature because I'm able to
close it out and handle what we need to
handle and just move on
it stings it stings a lot realize
realize the final end of something but
that's okay
alright I'm gonna snap out of this I
know he's like you don't snap out of it
I need you though because um I need to
enjoy the beat boys you have in my life
and not the people they always say focus
on what you have and not on what you
don't and that's what I'm gonna focus on
I have love and I have friends I'm the
queen of thing I don't I know this but
it's I do what I had for her and I had
to fry myself so okay I gotta go I have
to text a few people back so um maybe
I'll talk whooshing and I really love
when we hang out there's always just
chill we sit here for this one we do we
say for eight hours and post me food and
I love it it's the best kind of
friendship we have because we can just
be so chill Sunday Monday we have a
really big days like really big days
plan so and that we just just chill out
it's really nice from 12:00 it's Friday
night and it's coming from outside of
town so I'm gonna be getting a little
traffic okay so I just said look first
of all this packaging can we say this
looks like Martha Stewart did it I mean
hi actually no I've always kind of been
queen of rock some of the presents are
suspect emerged now I love it
well when emerge came out like a couple
months ago oh and I was like ordering
you bunch of stuff and then I kept
saying oh whatever and then I was well
just like make it yeah no everywhere
right mark I was going to order myself
and then I'm gonna free and then I said
maybe I shouldn't order myself if this
is everything my move on eating bacon
and this is gonna be a life Oh somebody
thought this was a vegan shirt
cuz I thought the same would swing oh my
god oh my god like what are you doing to
me
no you're like cleanup behind the page
oh we need to go to pick Island 30 this
year I think we should go 30 30 pigs
YouTube vacation 30 year old my sister
like wrangled 1 I have to show you the
video she like recording she went in and
I got one oh it's like yes this by the
way also love this queen of cookie
nachos this is everything they look like
little nacho my nose I don't know but
they're cute and that's all the matters
and Shane's like they were rabid I'd
this honestly I'm shook I'm shook right
now are you sure I'm sure
I never belong I was talking about I
probably won't blow machines we don't
flog it's like not our thing anymore
then our brand is logging we if there's
a brand friendly there's a thing have
you made a video about the local stuff
no I have not a strong opinion either
way everything I have a lot of thoughts
but they're not what people are talking
about I think somebody needs to really
evaluate like there's something
psychologically wrong to be able a film
a dead body and anyway he was about it
like knocking break and get that close
to it it so fascinating to me like I
think I don't know what's gonna happen
next well did you see the other stuff
you did like where he was like like his
prank where he was shot yeah
first of all I did see that and I know
everybody's like I can't believe it I
was like like the way he was set up and
like of him and it was awful he
shouldn't get so legit but I felt like
that also shows there's a little cuz I
wouldn't even do that I'm so fucked up
that was pretty fucked up what did he
deleted that though cuz it was like
found again what they all remember this
so I think I sleep I'm tonight are you
gonna do looking Pulitzers because
honestly pissed should be the title of
video love walking to our superiors
because conspiracy
in here cuz I could wear and that could
be the thumbnail you know what I have a
conspiracy shirt on my Amazon store but
I don't know where it came from because
it's not live but it's there and I'm
gonna but this is you guys this is your
conspiracy shirt because you wear that
during your conspiracies right the green
shit
I know kind of yeah yeah so it's all
that much yes I wear it in every
conspiracy I use my Illumina yes naughty
pop socket while I'm researching Oh once
the body dead right before this I'm like
bawling my eyes out by the way cuz I was
really sad today
I bought this whole thing I'll tell you
about the whole boy thing and I was like
bawling my eyes out and I was like
really sad and I'm like so we have
because I like missed you I thought your
Monday too and I'm like it's really sad
that day and I saw when I was like
really happy again I'm like doesn't much
man I miss you I was crying too today
yeah really I know weird well we were
talking about I know weird day I have a
date okay
you know the feeling when you feel like
your anxieties and your issues are like
rubbing off on other people you're like
yes today we're like I had two people
trying to help me with something and I
was freaking out and then they start and
I was like oh I'm ruining everybody
around me I need to like go in a hole me
every day each other and it seems we
found the car and certainly I had to
press we were and everything going wrong
with her lives like this is not good we
probably shouldn't be in the same car
together where did you find him he was
walking away to the army I was think my
lashes done we'd like he literally just
walking down the street and I was
walking into my car I was so weird and
then we had these really dark stories
and we're like oh this is not good
I am pooped
oh I I don't think I'll for sure my life
she is I'd loved as a machine in the
stage night and a soda and what do we
get some beer I'm like I actually like
never had like difficult to keep my eyes
open
I'm like just gonna take a big wet wipe
this off say this piece I'm nameste my
boy holding um I love gene I thought I
was honey I'm like I'm like well I guess
I let my every count well all right is
filmed um how'd you miss Morrow I guess
he got me my first that comes in
tomorrow so I have to get to him
tomorrow but like I think he's so good I
guess he's uh it's like the Lincoln's I
got up to do what I got a person's part
to you on the channel
he's he's amazing I love Jane and he
wasn't such a good he was like a little
kid saying you know um and we hung out
Lots you know but I wasn't calm she is
like mature no he's older and just you
know why there but today it was like a
little kid Shane and it made me so happy
like in what I say a little kid like
when I knew him like when we first met
like it because at 24 we were both like
24 or something that and he was just so
excited and happy and oh my god I love
this shame so much he's he's just he
makes me laugh like no other person has
ever made me laugh makes me sound like
I'm in love with him but don't worry
around look I mean I am loved I think
I'm a lot of my friends I feel like if
you're not truly madly deeply in love
with someone like why even waste energy
being in them and that's the girls guys
the only it's not as big as ever you
know drama Freudian slip Shane um we
were talking about never about not even
relevant um but if it honestly I just
help I like it just makes me feel like
wow
he happy so this is a good day tomorrow
can become an emotional morning I can't
wait for it to get over with today was
an emotional day the sad emotion took
over which it should have been a really
happy funding and that to see a lot of
people I love truly love and ruin him
yeah me too oh man just oh and I scoop
your emotions right every one thing I
changed I go back for that I would like
to change our emotions but then again I
like to feel deeply I like to love
deeply you guys I'm Michael arias I
don't know anything so I'm gonna go I'm
gonna sleep I like cannot be more tired
I'm like that's honestly I got this bill
look what all right good night guys I
ended up look at the morning this is
very exciting I don't know how much you
edited film today but I'll see they
assume about is just mass just so much
rest but it's a nice America sees
real-life issues
