okay guys I just got I'm gonna call some
of you guys right now I said - hashtag
daddy issues and tweet me a screenshot
of that you bought song about iTunes and
now we're gonna call some people the
first person I'm gonna call it Eddie I'm
randomly just picking people I'm gonna
try and the star 67 my phone number see
if this works
so buzz life here is good habit phone
number
I started 67 and then I've dialed
y'all's number it's like 9 o'clock at
night help them out we can't he went up
Eddie's first I'm literally playing at
that all right - said I literally was
like saying when I brought love I said I
might only be a couple minutes of each
of you cuz oh so weird
okay are you sorry I tried to call you
didn't work okay first one fell that
means have no me nervous I'm literally
just bikinis at random
Luca Luca I think oh my wife a nurse
talk to you guys Thank You Trisha oh hi
Luca is a Luca Lucas Luke guys Trish are
you oh my gosh both sigh I'm sorry
Soleil I you know I recognized your name
because we've tweeted before us it's a
guy have to call him oh my god I'm so
sorry where are you what state I'm sure
your way oh my god I love it I love it
and you always tweet me and I'm like oh
I have to call him the peak one typed in
like I'm going to meet you I have that
teri dress I've worn it before like last
year yeah we're on the same wavelength
oh my gosh well you're on my blog so I
I'm gonna put this in your my first call
I tried to call someone and they didn't
answer so you're my first official call
oh no you know what it is is probably
Twitter I would delete your number yeah
no I just
but I'm gonna I'm gonna let you go and
we lost some other people bikes one of
the safety key for everything and always
tweeting me and being awesome all right
I'll see you soon all right
oh oh well thank you thanks for being
team church over there new jersey oh
you're so nice to me thank you I really
appreciate it I love you zoom bite I
didn't even think about that like
people's phone number
oh thanks okay let me see boss
let's try Leah make sure I get people's
phone numbers right he was so cute oh
look I don't Q I loved him
hi Leah
huh hello can you hear me can you hear
me oh good was it late where you are
sorry it's so late oh my god thank you
so much for buying it I really
appreciate it I appreciate you tweeting
me where are you at what state are you
in
Oh
oh my god it's late there is it really
oh my god no not unless what picked that
one I love that one too that's like one
of my faves why me I wrote all those I
love album but honestly I probably would
say daddy issue just because that's what
my albums called after black I love
Quentin Tarantino because obviously like
the video I want to make an I love
Quentin so I like the vibe of it but fat
chicks too I love because you know fat
chicks is like my thing so oh my god I
would love to it's so hard like figure
out all the logistics of it you know
today mainly I want you so bad but like
I know how you think about it like I do
everything by myself like I don't really
have like managers like everyone has
those I'm like I know you don't even
think it
I'm just like traveling around and just
like saying I'm here at this place and
see who shows up you know what I mean
yeah I've never done that but like I
don't know it sounds complicated but I
would have figure it out especially if
you're in like Kentucky like oh my god I
think that'd be like so fun you just
comes like random cities and be like hey
really and maybe I will then and I'm
like are you in are you in school no no
I mean like you go to school like how
old are you okay so you're young so
you're a junior Oh
oh my gosh well I'm super excited to get
to talk to you I'm gonna follow you back
so I don't like forget summer I call you
now and then I'm gonna call some other
people but I really appreciate you
tweeting me alright I'll talk you soon
thank you I wallet you know I just
followed you on Twitter so we'll keep in
touch that way I mean you guys are all
so polite okay so we are now number 53
on the overall albums chart this is so
crazy
let's call a call Horan or Core
okay it's just too many numbers I feel
that it's so late there's an out tweet
thing if it's light there I don't want
to wake you because that's cool than out
at summer vacay hi in this Corrin
hi Trish how are you I love your little
caption you had mom everyone else needed
their number and you had moms I'm like
let me call my daughter up my god what's
your what's your friend's name
Sydney okay well you're part of my blog
so shout-out to Sydney and cause a
current that current okay yeah so shout
out to you guys you're part of my vlog I
was so excited when I thought you're to
me and I recognized your Twitter what I
recognized your Twitter like I saw your
picture and I've liked seeing your
tweets before so I was like oh I gotta
call her see what she's all about
are you where are you ask is it late
where you're at oh shoot bro
you need a selfie you need to go to bed
haha I thought it was summer vacations
oh my god okay well sleep sleep good
I'll say prayers for your your finals
tomorrow and I'll follow you back on
Twitter so we can keep in touch that way
well thanks for treating me and buying
my album I appreciate it thank you for
calling yeah I'll talk to you soon I
just followed you so you can follow me
and we'll talk on there alright bye
girls
hi oh my god y'all are y'all school
tomorrow I'm like ruining lives like I'm
rinsing out a tweet sent out tweet
alright this girl says she will die if
she talks to me don't want you to die
girl but I'm gonna call you I don't
think at the same digits I just put out
a tweet to warn everybody if it's too
late or they ask school in the morning I
don't want to call bother them be the
reason they fail school
hi is this Shelby thank you so much that
really means a lot to me it really
really does I'm like overwhelmed with
love right now where are you what what
oh yeah I know I was having a little bit
of a breakdown when I was like I didn't
call people I need evidence now chatting
but I call people on the phone it's so
much fun what state are you in
Emily oh my gosh y'all are in the East
Coast Repsol a it's midnight
yes ma'am okay how where do you work out
oh really
oh you look so young you look like
you're 15 years old
oh my god well you're like meet you on
the phone you sound very young I thought
you were like 12 well I really
appreciate your tweet and I'll love I'm
gonna follow you back on Twitter right
now so that way we can like keep in
touch oh my god no just me girl been
crying all day I don't even know what it
is like I can't hold my I can't contain
it it's it's so crazy because I honestly
think everyone just actually hates me so
it's like really nice to like like feel
loved like you know love to hate and
something caught everyone does it loves
to hate me but then it's like I'm doing
so much love today so I don't know it's
like it's cool cuz you don't I don't
think that at all I don't think anyone
likes me likes me so
you know I appreciate it so much I
really do well I'm gonna call a few
other people but I just wanted to call
and say hey and thank you for everything
I love you guys you guys are all so
sweet I feel like I feel like you guys
are like so cool and chill like we could
actually just be friends like y'all are
just like hey girl what's up I love it I
love them we're just like okay alright
let's try and get a crier kidding yeah I
would probably cry let's cry let's not I
would see this girl says please mom I
would cry dare rice RI
hello hi is this sera sera sera sera
hello
what is it Saira and this is Trish how
are you hello oh my god wait your wife
Oh God I don't use the best buddies I
please mom I would cry happy tears I'm
like this girl's getting a phone call
what are you doing why are you up so
late a little late you have school in
the morning I hope not open my keeping
you up oh girl wear it what state are
you in
hello can you hear me
Sahra can you hear me ah I'll fail oh no
girl I'm sorry she was so excited too
I'm going to be to back your follow on
Twitter I'm not doing very good I'm
waking everybody up this is this is
probably an epic calling calling viewers
fail why on the East Coast who's in
California we're gonna call ELISA I
think sorry I just called you hung up I
love your I loved your caption you said
I will die if you call me I watch you
for over 6 years write or die you my
girl
I'm giving this girl phone call action
by the way you've had the best reaction
so far Tommy yeah why what is it you're
gonna be called you know yes we I'm
gonna follow you right now girl so that
way you could tweet me DM me in case
they don't see your tweet yeah we got to
shout you out oh you look gorgeous
I'm excited what are you gonna do your
channel one of your video is gonna be
about honestly you need you that's the
best way to go like just start oh shit
I'm Hans go back I feel bad I keep
hanging up on her
I hung up man good she's so great you
ask too far back oh my god no it's all
good girl but I gotta call her back now
I love it no you're absolutely beautiful
where do you live
oh you're in Texas okay what do you do
right now
you go to school or okay puffers how far
is Fort Worth from Houston girl okay
what are you okay what part what city
are you near like which one major one
Dallas all right all right well I'll
make a note of it I want to come I want
to traveling like me people cuz I love
calling people
really oh oh thank you so much that
means so much as this honey girl I
called earlier I like it's so weird to
have people be nice to me I feel like
everybody hates me this is like such a
cool thing I get so excited I feel like
all of my friends like for real no we're
talking right now and you have a website
what's your website I see Alyssa wears
black comm what is this oh you're
gorgeous
oh my god are you are you in high school
or college or what are you in okay cuz I
like you look so gorgeous I'm gonna have
out your first post is why I'm vegan now
I love it I love it now I think it's so
cool well this is amazing you're
absolutely gorgeous your hair is
stunning is that all your real hair you
are gorgeous I'm so jealous
oh my god well thank you I'm glad I can
help you in some way you know my life is
always a struggle I'm always struggling
with my body image and I just you know
you just have to like you just have to
like love yourself this like life is
like too short you know what I mean it's
like and I just feel like even what I
mean we're you're a little younger than
me but you know even when I was in high
school are just like wish someone would
be like you're okay in fact when I was
high slovers like you're discussing your
grows it's like god I wish people would
be just like accepting like but I feel
like the world is changing that way a
little more so the world is coming more
accepting you know what I love that
ya know it's true like when people just
embrace themselves like people love it
even more and it makes me I don't know
it makes me excited I still struggle
with stuff like that all the time but I
don't know making those videos makes me
feel better so I'm happy it can make you
feel better too you know oh you're like
my little baby sister I love it you're
literally like the same age as her - so
it's like it was your but you're very
pretty her back into YouTube - I just
love YouTube I tell everyone to do it
girl here - the whole family I love it
oh my god well I'm gonna let you go I'm
gonna call some other people but I
follow you on twitter so make sure you
tweet me when your channels up and I
will subscribe I'll be your first
subscriber I love calling people back
his other girl I mean I called a couple
times so I'll call you back for sure
thanks for everything
alright happy soon hi bad girl I was
like sweating a little bit ass getting
really excited and she's actually really
really pretty okay I thought my her
alright this is so much fun I could call
guys all night it's when we're getting
soul lay so this girl tweeted me name's
Kimberly Flanagan I'm gonna subscribe to
her it just started her she she tweeted
screenshot of that she bought me out
which is very sweet I do appreciate it
like I appreciate her I was like this is
really cool like this is a fun little
promo thing for me but honest at the
same time I get really do appreciate all
I'm talking you guys and realizing that
you guys are like real human beings it's
like really really cool so this girl
just asked me this woman I should say
she's absolutely gorgeous I'm Kimberly
Flanagan the title should pay this
inspiration and why I'm doing YouTube
and I'm actually gonna watch this cuz
she said all I asked for return is if
you watch this and I'm really excited
it's a 60 minute video so I'm gonna make
a couple more holes and I'm gonna watch
it but I have her up right now so I'm
about to watch it um her name is
Kimberly Flanagan here on YouTube and I
just subscribe so we do that and I'm
going to
two more phone calls um I'm gonna reply
a shit there okay I'm going to call
Barry now here is a little quiet call
Barry can I haven't called I did try it
I did call I called the gun I tried a
guy before him so let's try
see if this works Barry hello hi is
Barry yes how are you tonight sir I'm
great how are you doing I love your
picture of the little doggies that
filters like oh you're so cute what do
you do what is your thing in life are
you a student what do you do Oh
everybody's having finals this week shit
you have to get up early tomorrow
hi I'm on summer vacation I love it oh
yeah thank you so much I really means a
lot to me really does it's really cool
like to hear everyone's like feedback on
it you're someone spoken for a freshman
our holiday you 14 I'm sure you were so
uh spoken I loved all your tweets I'm
gonna follow you back oh you have a lot
of followers what do you do do you just
you know what's your thing all your
support and love and your needs I'm
gonna follow you back so feel free to
tweet me anytime yes enjoy yourself
occasion baby you are so cute oh my god
you're adorable I love you and I'll talk
to you soon okay
you too bye
you
