okay so today is a lazy day at home but
I just thought I'd show you guys this
really cool art piece that just came in
the mail
it is my fourth EP daddy issues it's
going to go on the wall next to my other
albums to have upstairs but I thought
that was really cool I will show you
guys it's like painted it's like not a
real picture it's like painted from the
real picture but I guess I got daddy -
daddy - daddy is she is sorry I'm like
crazy this morning daddy issue its
iTunes right now so go check it out but
then also I was over here sorry for the
dirty dishes in there I was over here
unboxing my first pair of Alice in
Wonderland shoes on snapchat says like
oh you know just whatever I gotta like
take them out and look at them eyes will
turn on snapchat but they actually end
up being really really cool so I already
started the unboxing of it
um but this is what the shoe looks like
and I thought it was really really neat
so I wanted to share it with you guys
just really a gorgeous gorgeous shoe I
have yet to see Alice in Wonderland so I
thought these would be like really cute
to wear I think it'd be like fun since I
was just casual be cool down with some
fun pnc shoes and then the paper it came
in and this was the box to split out at
the top and then their other one is
right here and it has an Alice in
Wonderland heel on this one as well and
this one I'm assuming those drink me oh
yeah that's really cool just drink me on
there I love this so I actually have a
pair of flats to that I'm going to unbox
for you guys because I didn't do it on
snapchat that was do a picture but you
know snapchat I would think oh it's not
worthy of a vlog I'll just snap it but
this is like so cool start it's not
focusing I think it's focusing on that
box so so there's this shoe and there's
the box again that's what the shoes look
like well the heels anyways and now I'm
going to go and get the other box which
is a pair of flap and unbox those for
you guys so I thought this was like a
really cute for like a snapchat so you
can kind of see the front I guess this
is need to be in there
the front in the back at once and then
from the side I just think there are
really I don't know they're like art
it's like if you don't let's just
display these and I'm going to wear them
of course but I think the opposite
boards that's why I kept them out
section one display them in my closet I
think you're absolutely gorgeous and
then over here we have the second pair
it's by the brand irregular choice the
brand and the back of it
okay so let's set you guys right here
what the packaging looks like absolutely
gorgeous packaging is literally
everything and these are wrapped nice
and tight and that's these hold be touch
tire cap shoe I'll put it on here so I'm
going to hold it steady and something
wobbling around surface so it's got a
little baby heel um but I just took
these looked for the really cute kind of
almost for everyday wear not everyday
wear but like if you want to restore
some flats so even the bottoms are so
cool oh those are so cool these are so
neat these are bright realtors oh my
gosh it's so cool I love it I love it
they're like the true like Disney ones I
think that's really cool so those were
in this stuff but yeah absolutely a
steel phone only on I know I'm still far
behind let me know if you guys have seen
it but which pretty there's a quest if
you guys got a pair would you get the
flat tire cat or would you get the heel
Alice in Wonderland I couldn't decide
they were both really hard let me know
in the comments below let me know well
what I should wear to see the movie
because now I have two options
finally the movie once so should I wear
heels like kind of cash like a jean
skirt or should I go a little more
dressy have a hot topic purple dress of
Alice in Wonderland with these decisions
back to eating healthy and we having a
chicken breast
lemon pepper from Trader Joe's it's
still steaming if you can see a
I'm gonna have a banana with that chin
so I'm having for lunch
good morning guys I am up early not that
early but I'm up to go to the Grove to
meet with my music yoga director for I
know I'm Rex ponds it's a let's not come
for the microphone I know where it is
that to me my music plays director for
daddy issues music videos we are 15th
musically together yes I'm wearing an
Ivy Park sweatshirt Ida thought I was
cute I didn't realize it was like a
Beyonce thing I thought she was just a
model for it actually had a Sarah tops
up so yeah we're gonna have a meeting
about my music videos excited so I stay
out it's really really gloomy but no
one's out my love days like this is
peaceful so she can't pull that should
we weren't like but
angel came over this morning to do my
hair to see him before he just blew it
out steam for tea leaves for today
here it's the Grove farmers market
and Los Angeles temple
I've heard your job
Bree the calm down calm down
your thoughts
oh my god you guys I'm like I'm shaking
out the mo I'm like shaking I'm like
shaking as I write when I left the house
I just read a tweet from Michaela when
my friends on Twitter um who just said
that daddy issues is number 30 on the
iTunes pop charts right now
it was like 46 like literally 14 minutes
before that like it was number 46 in
like less than an hour of being up like
I am like huh I'm like shaking I'm like
I know I met in shock I know I'm like hi
I don't feel like this is my life like
I've learned to a nail appointments I've
had this new appointment for like a week
now and I'm like boy and I'm kind of
like I should have been going I should
be driving so I'm like shaking and
actually like just like what is my life
like what is my life you guys like who
in the world who fucking cares about
Tricia fucking fetus and her fucking
music or crazy and music that she put
like who fuck in what universe on which
I mention are people caring this is so
so crazy and I'm so I am so thankful I
don't I don't give a shit about anything
else in the world or now I don't give I
don't go fuck about anything else I
don't care if you won't like my music I
don't care about the haters I don't care
about people who are doing better than
me who have more followers who who have
to add more town I don't care if I'm so
really happy that I have this core group
of people that watch me and follow me
and subscribe to not my channel but my
life like he wasn't subscribing to my
life and I'm just I guess I'm just gonna
like ah he was like I had to feel I had
to film I was going to like a Sadam
video and like talk about this but I'm
like so might this emotion that's coming
over me I feel everything so deeply you
guys know this
I feel everything to the core of me I
feel everything so deeply and I'm I'm
like feeling this love so deeply right
now that I've never experienced before
none of my albums have gotten to number
number 30 at all but also this quickly I
think the highest was 13 umber 36 was
superficial bitch and I am like I'm like
legit shaking like I'm legit oh is that
you bright I'm sorry guys who fit the
bright okay oh my god I just I just I
just can't thank you I can't thank you
guys and update I'm talking about daddy
issues on iTunes you guys don't know owe
us hope I see this blazer I actually
edited a blog right before I left like
of a group of my snapchats and me
dancing to my songs like snippets of my
songs to like upload because I'm so
excited about all these songs and I'm
just the journey as you guys haven't
seen on my main channel I did a whole
story time video but my journey getting
this daddy issues made like the drama
that's ensued just things that have just
been keeping me down and holding me back
and just pushing through it like I could
I have to do something you love
is the most fulfilling thing that the
most fulfilling thing in the world I can
talk to do something he loved that
people actually give a shit about is is
is is it's like fucking mind-blowing
like it's fucking mind-blowing because
oh I am thus I shouldn't be driving
oh my god I feel like I've won a Grammy
an Oscar like this is so dumb and
literally is number 13 fuckin dead so oh
so so many people in my life starting I
remember the snow specifically my
fourth-grade fucking career come flare
we had like career class I remember name
ecause it telling me that no one makes a
fucking career out of entertainment I
said oh I want to be and I want I think
I said I wanted to be a singer back then
I wanted to be a singer in the fourth
grade I remember I wanted to be I wanted
to be a singer she has no one no one
makes that's not career that's not a job
you can't do that and for me
I think there are other people in my
life including Ray's oh my god I can't
cry right now why am i crying okay okay
I think people in my life including
myself at one point
like didn't think this was like a
possible career to be like to be an
entertainer and so I really did not
think it was a career
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
um I'm just really really happy because
like I don't know thank you guys you
guys don't have to like me and a lot of
people don't like me in the days were
thinking like you know maybe this a joke
to everybody but hit like this going and
spending like your hard-earned money on
like stuff I created like better shows
love you know so then I think people
watch my videos you know it's fine if
they do for as a good joke which make
themselves feel better to laugh at me
but for people to spend like hard-earned
money on you know on me on my work you
know
it means a lot you know it's all so
crazy I see that like I'm seeing my
album on number 30 means like you know
people bought this you know today they
want to support and they're into what
I'm doing and the message is I'm putting
out there and I know I'm crazy and crass
and I some people to give my best to it
but I swear to God I have such a good
heart inside like I really just want to
make people happy like I really really
do
and reading all this love you guys like
hey I'm like really nothing else matters
in my life I know as I'm so crazy but
boy is relationships money where I'm
going to end up in life like none of
that matters to me because this is all I
ever wanted it's true I remember people
asking me like like I just remember this
is so dumb and I like I don't know why
I'm sharing this but then I got a
park-like bar key get him like right I
just remember um sorry I'm like oh my
god kid like I just remember wanting to
be famous before reality shows were a
thing I just remember wanting to be
famous like I thought we was singing
maybe acting and I think I wanted it cuz
I wanted attention and I wanted to feel
loved because like I just never got
either one that much growing up and and
not to say I'm like famous but like to
have people know who I am and like love
me that's like all I wanted it's like
all I've ever wanted and and like I have
that and like they know if I sound so
fucking superficial they're fucking
weird it's hard to explain unless like
you felt the same way at one point can I
know there's a guy because in no way God
I am God here without him like what how
does this even make sense
and
we went to an urgent care round here
they told me I could be to get one time
you know it's weird I'm sorry I'm trying
to distract myself I love you way so
much like I don't I think I think I'm
like shaking I don't know like to me it
really doesn't get you guide to me I
like I'm if I like died tomorrow I would
be so happy in my life like just know
that like I've accomplished what I
wanted to accomplish in life right now
that sounds crazy and not to say I mean
there's so much more I would be cool to
accomplish but this is like it's so
surreal well if you look to me public I
think it's so real every time too you
know and then you kind of get used to it
a little bit like you're just like oh
cool any like watch my videos like this
is really cool you know you eat a lot of
people so you think it's cool and you're
like used to it but sometimes it really
hits you like now and sometimes to when
you guys meet me and like you're crying
or shaking you know mm everyone's just
so angry like this guy's so angry that
he couldn't get through because this guy
was too far back it's like I I just I
can't I I don't even know I can't with
life right now
I'm just so happy um and I just want to
thank you guys
oh my god
did you ever cry and you start getting
headaches like I have a crying headache
right now good thing Oh
oh my god I think there's a parking
space coming open like literally on one
car away from a parking space that just
became open like what if I get this
space you guys like I don't know like
the universe is telling me like Trish
things are things are gonna be okay oh
my god I'm so great I cry out at night
sometimes I'm alone in bed I am getting
really lonely and I cry and pray to God
to show me like some sort of love and
and this is so much love I know it's all
so stupid and people are liking that
Trish like what harder to take the spot
I don't know oh no it's not oh my god
oh my god okay oh my god okay ah this is
a spot this is a spot
Oh
I'm still coming snuffing the spot but
it's a spot okay sorry to tell the cars
behind me I'm having a lot of meltdown
on YouTube right now
Oh
Oh scary sorry guys
oh these are best spots to because at 6
p.m. I've and up after 6 you don't have
to pay anymore I get closer and we're
like set it up for a minute a minute to
do that
oh my god this is crazy this is crazy
that I got a spot this is like one of
the busiest streets in Los Angeles
filter opportunity um okay okay okay I
feel like this is an actual acceptance
meet em I'm ray I'm a verb remember my
mother excuse me yeah thank you guys
from the bottom of my heart it's not
about just giving me a job which we all
need jobs and I appreciate you giving me
the best job I've ever ever wanted dream
of but I'm telling you more than more
than money I swear to God on all there's
no I can't swear to God I swear on I
just promise you just got to trust me on
this more than money more than anything
else like I've always just wanted like
to feel loved you know
and I feel so loved and I just you know
I read it on her watch snapchats and I
just I see so many of you say like Trish
you know we can look up to you like and
give me hope even inspiration you help
me love it that means that means more to
me than men any of Amy ever could in the
whole world and I love you guys so much
and um like I said this is more than
just getting my album on like iTunes
that to me was just sort of validation I
guess that maybe of doing something okay
in this life so I love you guys
I gotta get my nails done and I gotta
get this mess together so oh that man
was running we're so happy about it I'll
um I'll talk to you guys soon okay
anything well made bomb nails I've been
tweeting ways that since I've been in
here but
obsessive these this is like that loose
glitter but they brush it on instead of
Pat it on and it's like meant to call it
sort of look I love it so much and then
your toes are just little mermaid and I
got my sandals on pants a problem pops
up okay guys a little bit of an update
can you see me
does that help at all um a little bit of
an update this should I should you bring
it okay I'm getting all my social music
views we are at number fuckin 15 on the
Canadian pop charts number 17 on the
American iTunes pop charts at number 86
on the overall albums charts of iTunes
meaning overall DeGeneres and of all the
people we're number 86 and I've never
placed on those on that sharp eye I was
like literally tweeting guys oh my gosh
I'm just
oh my producer just tweeted I'm like oh
my god I'm like having this crazy this
crazy night it's oh my god it's so crazy
um I can't leave
go buy it I just treated
so oh my gosh it's like so bright what
am I even doing trash what am I even
like oh yeah there we go number 17 on
the iTunes pop charts right now so crazy
um I've been snapping people back and I
know everyone's like you're not gonna um
snapping people back but and I was like
screenshotting that I was tapping people
back like I'm opening y'all's
y'all-y'all snaps and I want to get home
I'm gonna call people who bought my
album um and maybe I'll block a little
bit of that too but yeah I'm actually
opening all snaps because his faces are
bringing me so much joy and happiness
right now it's a girl in this together
and it's really really fun and I'm
getting so many seeds acid sure sure
I'll love you so much as whenever I
don't know how to explain it but I love
you so much it with me along to me if
you go because she has a phone number so
I'm gonna actually snap this girl back
she ever gonna burn their butt chin say
it though she's so cute girl I love you
too thank you so much for your snaps I'm
actually vlogging right now but don't
worry your phone numbers on it I love
you so much and I can't thank you enough
oh I love you too thank you so much
going to her personal one so wait I'm
gonna get see that
oh it's going so fast me where to go I
guess it says it was delivered so yeah
I'm just like snapping you guys back um
I have this cute little handle on
shocking out cold cream cannot Leo's
have the cutest things and I'm like
getting so distracted but I'm gonna turn
this off and hopefully it gets a little
blurry when I Drive home I'm gonna drive
home I am I have this overwhelming sense
of peace in my heart and just love and
happiness any hateful comments
I was going to build on us how crazy I
am any hateful comments literally mean
nothing to me right at this moment I
feel so happy that nothing nothing can
bother me right now and that's a really
cool feeling and I'm sorry I had a
little bit of an emotional breakdown
I just love you guys so stinking much
that's just all that's all I can say I
don't like one enough so I'm gonna have
to cut this short but I am so
appreciative and I cannot wait to call
you guys I love seeing guys on snap I
love tweeting you guys instagramming
reading YouTube comments like this is a
guy to respond to YouTube comments
saying I'm just gonna be up all night
just out of pure bliss and joy and
happiness because I'm I'm that happy
right now in this moment and I was
driving my nail lady crazy because I was
like tweeting and doing the most well as
in there try to get my nails in smiling
fuckin nails so alright want to go cuz I
don't know if this time going around get
blurry and it's gonna be annoying if it
does so I love you guys we're gonna meet
to be continued I'm going to call some
guys and I love you guys so much okay oh
I just called some of you guys and I'm
gonna I'm really tired but I'm really
excited to see where all this is going
makes me really excited someone grab
some pizza I can sleep in tomorrow to
have a busy day tomorrow I can sleep in
um you know there's a lot of shootings
happening in life but right now I'm not
concerned about any of that because this
is the most amazing thing ever
I'm trying to find a place to put you
walk up a pizza outfit I guess I'll just
go do that kind of cool and I'm half not
getting sick hmm
gonna warm up some pizza from dominos my
favorite that daddy it should throw my
back there though gas is turned back on
that was a good start to this week
actually last night I put my pizza I'm
not what you guys are saying I just put
a pizza right there boil out I am
exhausted I'm gonna sleep well tonight
my body is a little achy give me two
slices of pizza I only want pizza yummy
oh good oh I'm so thankful for this food
and for all you guys there's gonna be a
little snack giggles I'm gonna warm up
um can I do brawny things too okay
night-night Pizza food has feelings I
saw preview for a movie that stuff Rogen
is like producing as a cartoons and like
these like vegetables that know that
they're in pain when they died weird I
have to pee I wouldn't do that just you
guys decide to get him
maybe showed snapchat it's cool daddy
issues art headphones by the ill I'm
yeah it's exciting life and times of
judge oh and I show you this keep in the
mail take miami glow by j.lo us on my
vlog um when I went to my mom's house my
sister had some of this from when we
were little kids smelled so good i Attic
tracked him down
Walgreens calm if you want it mmm give
me does that lucky wise this is like the
perfect nerd ever
Pizza Ishii's wish we get to drink I'm
gonna get this Diet Coke that fell on it
little head so anyone who comes to my
house doesn't get it
explodes all over them attack a little
this looks good amazing little marble
bribe I go it's like midnight right now
I'm still waiting up cuz we're number
nine on iTunes so myself holes watch but
these I've tried in the oven and in the
microwave and they are actually the best
in the microwave they get nice and warm
and gooey so there's three on that place
when leave it in there for like 20 no
let's wait five seconds um yum
I swear number nine on iTunes it's legit
like midnight and we're number nine and
I don't wanna go to bed because it's
like what if it climbs one more spot
more spot you know so I'm gonna eat this
little snack another thing I'm gonna go
upstairs and better just like monitor
all my social media like a creeper
tomorrow I got a busy day I have no idea
what is the seconds are um but yeah I
like to make these nice and gooey
they're actually butter warmed up the
second day I like this and the pizza
better one for the team everyone loved
the pizza fresh too but second day see
these would love my nails - my nails are
so cool ice scares me when it makes it
oh yeah you can hear the melt eNOS you
see the melt eNOS mmm
I mean I wish I could share these with
all of you guys for real I wish I could
cuz money all those calories gonna go
straight to that big belly Gaddis
