Oh in the morning this is what I wake up
to Guy Fieri and a squawking burger this
is my mom's house so it's a lot to come
here she got a lot happening you have a
lot happening everything this Care Bear
jumper you guys know for my unboxing
when I was doing my dolls kill my mom
thinks he could wear this out I don't
know I mean I want to wear it out but I
feel like it's like pajamas me like why
is that girl not dressed especially
since I don't have my hair makeup done
like a pixie you wanting to try and get
in this camera action bird bird trying
to get my camera action
stealing my focus bird that's okay
you're cute pixie how did you the little
step up
nope she does not want to step up she
only likes my sister moms over there
trying to figure out printer situation
but anyways yeah I felt this like a
little if I had like full glam it might
be like cute but since I kind of look a
little homeless I'm gonna live in this
would you do did you figure it out hey
Jeanette I don't hear anything printing
okay well that's to be me spray tan - Oh
guys here I'm okay guys all right let me
help my mom real quick we have decisions
between so we're deciding on if we
should see Alice Through the Looking
Glass or neighbors chills will get me
back there was like well makeup let's
put away from that picture so I asked
snapchat and most of you guys said is it
work not just being she she's just her
mom that's actually amazing because I
couldn't figure it out
most you guys are seeing house with like
I think I'm gonna see neighbors Chiefs
I'm on this like Zac Efron kick right
now and I kind of really want to see him
um you know just any chance I get cuz
that's my boobs I can't remember when
we're gonna go to Target there's nothing
a little girls a little day my mom's off
work so yeah that's what we're doing
they went a little spinning this is not
the final dress but this is for Little
Mermaid so we're getting it all fit it
up since my body always changes sizes
seems like it changes all the time and
I'm watching Wendy Williams Oh her boobs
see skinny she lost some weight out here
to come from up here the way okay and
then you have so your basically your leg
would be open up to here okay okay yeah
I like that
I love this too I like them yeah that
wouldn't meet you Mike he's away that
saw Mike hot stuff everyone always you
know on Instagram or anything so they
always according to drop it hey Mike are
you people want to know they want to
know it's gonna be so exciting I know
Brittany everything I said to Mike to
him I was like oh it's Britney Spears
everything like I want to bring Spears
off it I want that so I was like oh hey
guys so for those of you think I'm too
much I'm the Virgin Mary today this is
another just sizing fitting but I'm
completely covered it's a different
design for us normally I'm like I want
to show every in a boobs but so cute we
almost died focus on us we have a fan
blowing on it says yes we are Beyonce
I'm holding
okay is that you holding the pan there
we go okay but we just said who worry
about it we're in bright color shade do
you like the tie-dye Oh mom that's what
YouTube likes is the most yeah we're
going to go eat a PF Changs excited here
we like because they don't have nachos
keepers huh my mother making me make
dollar decisions she lets get patio
furniture we gotta go target you want
you folder I'm trying to be behind her
and do stuff she likes she wants right
away I'm gonna go now go ride a bike -
whatever - it's not cold it is hot look
literally no wind because you said that
okay crazy guys few turns one year
Miko's downside like never d PF Changs
anymore I only want to see my mommy
excited me too I'm home Greg
that's my mom's official maintains his
snapchat at her official name change IRA
Freid to get my camera my mom is the
name snow she's no longer Ilana we
should take your youtube name Jew snow
penis
okay you're just no okay just no
now have another drink for sharing a
little sangria yeah girls I know
we found Gator we're going to target
with the Cal Gator
you're creating this like this is like
my mom lighting everything my hair you
look gorgeous
we have snapchat picture hair exciting
we must we must snow on YouTube
she says that we're gonna do another
naked photo shoot with her a sexy
lingerie one we can set a date for back
to whatever date you're free let me know
we're gonna set that date I'll hook it
up oh I see I get mine without the
Koreans my mom eats the greens
she loves that fried rice white rice me
on the ensuing green so hungry and
they're thinking bananas spring rolls
for dessert but my mommy displaying them
and the cookies we decided we're gonna
go see a movie later tonight so we want
to keep popcorn not just what we're both
like trying to fold so we're like let's
go walk around target go back to her
apartment get back a break how is it
for hazel or that coffee there is open
people I love I'll try it I never tried
to search I mean oh you know how hearty
like a what
they don't know what we're not meeting
bury their time the LD right
okay we are now in target and I had to
get some underwear because I got my
period so I got some period underwear I
got these superman/batman
the Cookie Monster's fell down here I
got some new shower outfits for Mike
Liam got some Alice in Wonderland sleep
merch there's another one as you guys
know I live in my pajamas I wanted to
get some cute ones and I got some pants
and jean shorts too
mom did you end up getting anything
where'd she go
I love the section of target it's my
favorite everything so comfy and cute I
think these are the cutest I'm thinking
that today at my mom's and I'm packin
underwear so up here mom oh whoa that's
pretty that was comfortable Oh think I'd
be um Mary oh this is my shower outfits
they're a Rainbow Brite medium why is
that well sign on there these are so
pretty oh there might be like the 70s
and like a good way nice my Care Bear I
guess they were popular with mediums
these one big here I know they always
are like too big I guess I wasn't meant
to be I don't know shit are you I'm
still looking I wanted a little long
pants oh I think you should take at this
taxi first snow snow over this foxy my
mom's name is snow now by the way no no
okay what was that announcements now
you're trying to run I'm gonna start to
run on the beach that's nice she had
this long to work we're getting these
jeggings you guys I'm so funny I thought
my mom was like being funny and then I
was kinda like oh these are actually
kind of everything right
targeted call us who do advertising
afraid I wanted these blue ones but they
don't have them in enlarge they're all I
call so lot of the blue the blue a cool
but other stunts are ones too then we
got matching jeans where we're gonna
wear a jegging this night to the movies
matching jegging thank you
good fine mom I applaud you on this one
my car but appreciate things for it
that's so much yeah there's a bunch of
cells in there guys look at all these
chips they gave us this was my favorite
place to go when I live down here by the
beach it's called um Senor G's in Playa
del Rey I'm I'm so good I get the hasty
ax and the mango Wanko no there's a
shitload of chips you're watching some
wheel of fortune Bam Bam if you want it
with the gallops just for it
check out my feet that are not on iTunes
because I don't have videos out
I'm gonna be promo marks the least about
problem he like doesn't give a fuck he
never like whatever he just doesn't give
up you don't maybe should do Instagram
to Twitter he's literally doesn't like
whatever it's gonna make me a dick I'm
like what I want people actually here
and running off your good music actually
go celebrate at Red Lobster but this is
a very celebratory we upload of each
today me and check mark that's it
there's no one else what we did dry for
a little bit he engineered for a bit
behind me yeah but mark and I were the
og is that with me I think I've you guys
bought my main channel maybe I did the
whole story drama of how Park ended up
together it was going to so many people
winner winner chicken dinner right here
I'm an ass guy being racist but butter
peas I have no need to channel comical
everything q7 Anna
nobody
I know you know
okay guys and chips and little hump over
here one of the things acting as me oh
well you got you wanted Burgers and
Fries and I want to bring a bride but I
switched efficient ships and then he
switched efficient ship oh yes they say
they're like bombs Piper excited to eat
it
yeah starts now got my letter B outfit
on I'm down to get my dad those big-ass
gulps I'm shelling my Nike today just
being so casual they spend the night
down my dad's tonight my camera might
die but hey 7-eleven adventurous so
excited there's my cool car back there
okay sex on the damn dad would you go to
movies
I love my daddy okay
I'm really really big building
there's so many possibilities
big about people
we're watching this on my blog my blog
camera just died I have the charger I'm
gonna go charging someone was on my
dad's butt got a double Cup
just regular snapchat BAM I made a
little pit stop at 7-eleven I got this
cool coffee mug I'm doing like a
7-eleven haul um cuz I wanted coffee but
and I got these Popeye energy drinks
I've never tried actually that looks
really cool
this guy's watching me do my whole was
that boy then I got the world biggest
big gulp ever like oh my god I could not
fill this up with soda like are you
kidding me so I got it for water but
it's huge I thought it was amazing
alright guys so my battery died a little
bit so I didn't get to show you what I
got for 7-eleven I got the double gulp
Diet Coke and then I also got this new
take 5 bar well that's packaged
differently and this would happen to
target these new chopstick I'm gonna try
it out because my lips are still dry
we have my Christian Louboutin purse and
wallet the spikes and remove a
restaurant in the Temecula area call the
bees it's really really good so we're
going there and then we're gonna see if
there is a movie and I'm in the karaoke
night somewhere I was snapchatting you
only follow me Trisha on YT if you guys
knew at karaoke Anna's area cuz there
was a place called Texas little split
we don't have it's 9 p.m. Saturday so
yes I don't order today and I include
some snapshots at all but I was like I
was in 70
yeah
guys look how cute these are party like
at 1776 we are at the target the maryada
this was my first job you guys
when hear something crazy ten years ago
from May 27th ten years ago from e 27th
of this year it's May 29th right now I
moved out to California my high squadron
ten years plus California and this was
my first job in the Marietta California
and I work cheap 2006 so ten years ago I
worked at Target look I've got it on
anymore but this is cute we're just
walking around before the movie you want
it so we're getting dirty grandpa in the
Apple late Gatsby little mermaid hook
Holly's book burlesque and Kyle Bell is
what we are going to expand target for
Memorial Day weekend now we're off to
see neighbors two guys haven't been able
tell I love Zac Efron
this is so cool and it's like so nice -
it's like it's like so cool but I got an
awesome section cheese if I'm on that
diet gotta have the water thank you
that's my daddy got me and now we are
going to go see neighbors all right we
came back from my neighbor's - it was so
good that would be some Quinn second
room is so hot
Zac Efron is my new my new crush and we
start seeing him - hi - him with animal
my videos because I'm obsessed I have to
meet the man he is so so beautiful so as
are you doing I just sprinted across the
house to get my camera and watch the
movies that we bought at Target and this
is my childhood bedroom I've heard it
before
but it's not like the same for insurance
different furniture but the walls are
the same color so I grew up about TV I
thought I was so bougie I had my own
bathroom
which is also pink sorry I run a breath
but neighbors - is so good I highly
recommend it Zac - dancing what the
price of interpretation but yeah it's
really good I feel like it's anything
else but I forgot so we're gonna watch
oh he's not oh shout out to zits Han
Dotson Sathyan oh shout out to him he
was really one of the booths because got
viewers I've ever met he was so sweet
and so excited and I made me really
excited and I'm sorry I looked like crap
it you made me day I'm saying hi it was
really really cool so it's Memorial Day
or do another movie got a UC Santa Cruz
but in this box
and we're gonna go see the money among
Simon's macula
my numerators have McDonald's so full
valiance hey guys this is a new theater
I love this one this is in Temecula and
love that whole little thing I'm gonna
use the restroom oh my God look so crazy
yeah this is the Temecula at the
promenade in Edwards macula
and it's like the cleanest and they have
the earliest movies nowadays we are
gonna go see money monster with George
Clooney legitimate advocacy movies I'm
wearing on roster where she finds not
bullring Oh exactly let's guess that not
whatever whoever record over that yeah
please tell me like what if that was
should I ever tried no son steamer money
getting treats getting water these are
from my ride home because I got a long
ride home these are for now for ice
cream yummy got a large water to be
healthy no Coke pick and pop gasa butter
perfect
hey guys I hope you enjoyed that vlog I
just want to let you know my new album
daddy issues is officially out now on
itunes and i will link it below love you
guys
