hey guys this is the event of today
7-eleven filming videos and I was
inspired because my outfit which I'm
having covered to have so many boobs I
felt like I was a coca-cola ad with my
hair makeup now I'm going to go do the
Kokomo challenge I'm gonna get a bunch
of coke
the exciting times and like Trish
initially the cat suits our lamp without
even it
would you like different flavor
ding ding cook
what AI laik did people talk allegiance
they it did not have any code flavors
Wow this is supposed to be in my arm
I always thought it's so easier than all
those different flavored cokes I'm not
the day I need them entire gas station
and if it's not at a gas station that's
how to use on a gas station help
challenge is just not meant to be I
suppose
i'ma show this purse Christian baton
purse yes I think it showed him a little
bit of a DejaVu when I just showed it go
find a gas station which is surprisingly
there's not a lot of gas stations near
me a lot of people will say trusteeship
vlog it sounds Jap chatting so much but
I feel like my snapchat is so boring
this is what I do on my snapchat fucking
just snap okay
couldn't the coke so and I'm gonna go
find another place try coke exciting is
it exciting I don't know I guess you
tell me I feel like that's like not
exciting whatsoever a bit
now I'm off to find a station the
excitement continues over CBS you think
CBS has a better chance of having
multiple cokes
you know what there's one close instinct
is telling me yes what do you guys think
I love playing games with you guys
because I like I don't want to play
games with my real life like yesterday
when I was like guess what outfit I'm
wearing and what shoes I weren't like
but it's a game like my sister would
have played with me go to this TV us if
you like there's a large coke selection
here if not I have a plan B which I was
thinking like drawing different Coke
products dr. pepper and sprite and like
those kinda things just in tasting the
different flavors there's some hot black
guys over here when I'm going the wrong
way
time to milk it a little notice in my
car in a meeting
um button hi he was in a soup that gets
me every time okay let's go into CD
adventure
he's on my film daytime film one video
shame to film like a couple
see if we got a winner on these chips
look amazing I want you all of them
should Cheetos challenge about all those
Cheetos mmm maybe like a Hot Chip
challenge every ideas ok let's check the
cokes coke situation we have vanilla
yeah
they got two divers not like a bit of
the lion flavor which I really like but
it's gonna have to do okay y'all I'm at
my mom's house I just took a hot shower
I feel like such a poor person like
using other people's hot water use my
naked mom back there um yeah so just got
to her house so uh getting moral Day
weekend so coming to her house first so
we're gonna go out to eat got my period
to getting to my big box of tampons over
there super and that's what I'm doing
today we already set up oh my god you
guys this water here's right this was
like I use my mom's own stuff and this
smells so good at this dial but not
water I'm gonna get some toys out first
Isla del Sol because I can see the
cleanest second hole is coconut water
swim so good and it felt so good my skin
feels like amazing I would never think
to get it I see she has another
another coconut water hey mom where'd
you get this dial coconut water like so
it is so it smells so good the one
that's in there now it's really good and
then I saw this one oh no no I just
tried the blue one but this I just
picked it up and I was I call Phil Oh
feels amazing I gotta get some do you
use the liquid the body soap to clean
your vagina but this is dial so can you
use it for your you just use the soap
what I'm saying since this is dial it
smells so good I feel so good to my goal
okay yeah my sister just did a little
blow out for me these are no extensions
my hair is growing I love it so much
chicken Jim hey sis you went to
cosmetology school she loved me here
we're gonna go eat got my dress on some
target you know I love these dresses
they're so comfortable and our entire
find the scissors to open up awesome
packages that I got in the mail and I
love my mom's house because so creating
so fresh my sister and I were to raise
some snapchat filter magic now with me
go wherever to the dollar gosh
my bird
not my bird um there's a lot where you
only one shape huh
hey mommy thanks for letting me use your
shower okay the bid will be in the mail
maja she's kidding y'all what not run in
the content be like her mom charges on
us for showers only to Donna I got to
Dallas what better dowry get licensed
you look beautiful where we going
tonight we are going to buca Yemen hell
I'm not dating excuse just self tanner
right here we should show your freezer
real quick you should do it what to my
freezer
but I'm like actually like I got the
complete how many or short look at my
mom's vegan cookie whoa
you do wait no that I wanted you to do
next oh no I want peanut butter
go ahead a pinky lahars vegan cookie
this is like an advertisement for it is
vegan cookie right now some muffins are
the best ok her knee muffins right there
blueberries mom why don't you do a
refrigerator - are these very so popular
or I'll do one for you good advocate so
many views yeah white macadamia nut get
all the toppings up right I reckon I'm
kidding okay
but these scissors though I'm like where
are these scissors maybe put in the
fridge we're so weird I just oh okay
oops all over weird also you know
they're from here I took them cuz I was
looking in there for the scissors from
there yeah there's more I feel there
should be in a drawer though that's
highway baguette ones I've lost him one
her dad came off well maybe her down to
come on
here we're helping boxes okay let's see
those babies this is what I miss about
my mom for opening my box
do you love oh it matches my bike over
there this is your buddy my birthday
bike let's go see the there's my bike
and I reckon our mom see no
this so freakin it Freddie
that's exciting that's you're sitting
like that we should keep that out okay
what's the wide open legs you should
keep this paper nakute my sister's real
dudes over there we need to keep that
that's pretty she hang up he's using
angel to put that in their wall I know
this is from dolls kill you ah oh my god
no this one stop South calm calm yeah
issues oh that's my album nose is that
my stuff it just happens to a daddy yes
you ever fear I should have worn that
out it's a little Care Bear romper I
mean have we love to I wish I change
into it over Care Bears name what else
we got I don't know darks go start a
book that says what is that same banjo
hand job book submerse he's going to
take this one baby I'll just take it all
in the box I'm gonna go through it later
I thought that was something else
oh wait turn that around let me see if
it says oh yeah thank you
somebody does know how to spell oh my
god and fuck with it so good hello my
mom reacting to my stuff that I buy she
literally has no idea medium stuff okay
it's politically correct you get girls
on a postcard oh yeah I'm lesbian I'm a
hangout horn BAM we own a swaggy
mother seal oh my oh my god it says bond
bitch I was like that was like back then
I love on Dutch calories bringing it
back here that's your shirt don't care
look at my mom's an extension free hair
- oh no extensions that was amazing
sorry I just mess up your hair it's
beautiful no it goes back Wow ten she
done baby okay it's sponsored to date
she uh paid $500 say that in Miami
focus oh my god y'all my sister she just
spray this in smells so good it's a glow
by a JLo like we were just saying do
they even make this anymore like it
smells so fuckin good she got this like
back when we were like kids in this town
we grew up and called Rockford was it
called burners that please departments
are called burners it smells so good and
if they don't make em we really sad
because I kind of want this shit I'm
sure you can find me online eBay glow by
j.lo from Oh Oh where'd my sister's baby
picture throwback Thursday you guys we
just got to manhattan beach pier and is
so pretty it's so fun to be my mom you
miss to see again my mom's doing a name
change if you're gonna follow me on
snapchat we've asked you guys what she
she's actually training her name for
real it's between Kitty and snow and she
like snow
my sister likes kitty actually - but I
think snow is my mom so that's what
we're doing that was beautiful
thank God I love that is showering up my
hair washed like a new person
but we're going to the brew Co company
it could never come
it's got I jump occurs day so so
gorgeous out do miss the beach I really
do miss it it just makes me feel so like
when you look out I want to be back to
the beach five condo or house whatever
I'm gonna plan so we're just down here
that's not beach pier OTG gorgeous view
is where we're eating the water is right
there the palm tree is it's like so
perfect so much I do I know I I said I
like miss the beach it's like people and
like relaxing when you come down here
about when I when I buy the place gonna
get it on the beach this is where they
got the big Brussels y'all this is that
classic place my sister is which I went
down for is she ready how you get that
body body my pretzels and doors me this
is our food already it before it gets
cold but I want to show you guys all
right guys we just want to the Manhattan
Beach cream marine and we got some
dessert I'm so excited to show you guys
fucking away met birds being in trouble
came and put you oh my god for problems
backflip
all right I'll just gonna try the videos
but I think my mommy went to the
bathroom
look at this man
I'm so excited to try it it has my chart
of it look how well that is this is a
giant like sorry the lighting is like
awesome giant pink banana yeah beauty
beauty right now double duty over there
was her bird no not him oh no birdy
my sister little best friend over there
apparently her little daughter
I like Kurt Cobain and this sweater in
my favor I'm gonna snap chat this so I
can eat it okay follow me on snapchat
become a poppin a nun guys oh we just
got these huge
mommies your community oh okay wait hold
on
you want some oh no shit not gonna sit
there it was earlier okay oh yeah that's
gonna go for a closer right all right
not snapchat - okay wait home we'll take
a picture than a video no ma'am I hear
almond crunch banana move like over this
can't get behind you know cause the
light all right guys first bite here we
go problem and then you like it oh yeah
bigger harm my mom's also a little
sneaky bugger
we got an Ice Cream Sandwich mmm this is
so good show Oh Oh bud why is my mommy
doesn't make me a little bed she tucked
me and she got an extension cords my
phone could reach my little nook it's a
little party they were going to Becca's
a my sisters to work my mom's fired and
I got my hot tamales in water what are
you going to them yeah no you're not
you're gonna be up early oh my little
mama can see you are you you have five
water bottles up there for watching full
house I'm gonna be on my snapchat and
Twitter
Hey look here mommy's house he feel like
there's something so fun being at your
parents house when you're an adult
because you just feel like a little kid
again it is I feel like I'm just a baby
no one ever takes care of me mommy
but nobody's camera mommy either and it
makes me sad if you guys know a good guy
who can treat this little one like a
princess hit her up yeah oh that's
another water bottle to add to your
collection up there well this is cool Oh
mommy so cute now you had to tweet your
scenery out there I know it's so cute
I just feel like I'm in a little fairy
tale a mummy mummy
Oh
you're welcome maybe now or that when
they get lucky I think my lover
no but I'm loving in the spot thanks for
me use your hot water
Oh mom you my sister's up there and
they're been vicious Oh
