now my house almost burned oh my god I
look like Casper it's so pale get out of
that light why am I so pale looking am i
this pale holy shit Trish Wow okay well
I'm just drafted let me just get in some
darkness real quick why so pale that I
have a story a maze toward home video
where it's like not really worthy of
like a full story time but I basically
almost like blow up my house like
literally my house burned down
um literally everything that could go
wrong went wrong today like starting
with my shower my gas was turned off
long story short gas was sure not
because my neighbor didn't pay their gas
bill there was a mr. Shido gas company
gets home he's like oh my god well we
can't come turn it back on for a three
weeks so I'm like okay so I'm gonna take
a cold shower I took a fucking cold
shower oh the next three weeks but then
I caused a little stink on Twitter I
think well they can do May 31st which is
today is May 22nd or May 23rd it's like
whatever Tuesday is the Tuesday before
it's like literally a week away so I was
like whatever I can wait a week
especially more early weekend I don't
think any really really fast but morally
we gonna run on some woman my dad
anyways they're places for anyways so
you know comes out to give me like a dry
out my hair right like to blow-dry my
hair or like give it a little style give
a little texture cuz it's hard for me
style own hair short and so so he comes
over and I was like we're just talking
about cuz he's gonna be gone for like a
week in June oh my god I'm really scared
to try anybody I don't wear my hair dye
burnt off because you know all this is
my real hair it's finally like growing
like it was literally a half an inch and
it's finally all growing and I'm like
I'm really scared when we heard of burn
off again as soon as I sat and when
intership and insert the staff angel
telling the story to you guys something
I'm just take over exaggerating as soon
as they said it the thing sparks so
fucking big like is literally like is
like a fighter fire in my house it's
like holy fucking shit but it's it's
it's set fire to like the ground where
the extension cord was plugged in we
didn't know if his quad right a
extension cord or what but there was
like a mini fire in this house when we
pulled in know what to do really home
we're going to be stomp on and we were
scare to someone it was like actually
terrify it was actually the most
scariest thing ever
I mean maybe like I said it's hindsight
it's not that scary but seriously I was
like oh my gosh I thought my head was
gonna catch on fire because I just saw
like I was you know looking in the
mirror I just saw the corner function
like a split just like fire started oh
my goomah goes I don't my how because
they literally just said it
and since that I don't know hair burn
off again boom it was crazy I was like
holy shit
mmm so guys today it got my hair dried
out and I almost had something Bad's
gonna happen that's gonna burn my hair
and what happens a blew out like hair
dryer like caught on fire yeah she
literally pocus her sound oh good she's
having a gas problem in the house
because today is just been a really bad
day like everything has gone awful and
wrong I haven't eat anything as I tried
with some cinnamon rolls after that
whole ordeal with the gas thing happened
and I had I like feel like how am I
gonna take a cold shower guy he knows
where I go in there so that way I feel
better no those got burnt so I guess
house guys I was saying don't be eating
your feelings today Trish so I went cold
shower which is the most painful thing
of my life
and I know everyone on snapchat was like
yo why don't you go to your mom's or a
friend's house that would've been
logical but I didn't think about that
war watch will get your hair washed at
lunch I can watch hiding about that so
anyways now I'm looking for something
you to wear it's why I'm in my bra like
why the fuck are you and your bra
telling a story bout Burnie on your
house mmm you know what's so funny
that's Muhammad aygos I shave and put on
the top so I'm sitting in my closet you
guys haven't really seen this room I'm
gonna do like a full like a room tour
and how I got it to be this like walk-in
closet cuz it's pretty fucking sick if
you do ask me um but yeah I'm trying to
find something to wear some of you guys
can all help me I don't know if I should
wear cash or have jean shorts on so I
don't know if I should wear casual or
what but the more fitting for my day
having but usually I would wear like
something cute to like record in but
honestly they fall over I don't really
know you guys help me in the comments
below what would you wear trust no bitch
or the striped dress or Ivy Park over
there you guys let me know
I'm gonna let you know what I decided
okay no you guys don't know what outfit
I'm wearing yet but what shoes should I
wear should I wear these black boots I
wear do universal with are super comfy
or many people do this I think they were
supposed to be pink on both sides I
think I think I messed up because these
were custom ones pink adidas okay here's
a fun game we're gonna play on YouTube I
don't like these white stripes oh but
she's for pink are they really ugly with
the white in the interior doesn't look
like it doesn't match I feel like just
so stupid when it comes to designing
she's a fun game I picked the pink
adidas so what do you think is the
outside pick let's just hide those ugly
white stripes
okay leave a comment below I'll wait I
can't cook the reveal re all I did
decide to go with the Selena trust no
bitch shirt and yep going off cold I'm
going up to a query studio and I was
practice my breathing on snapchat
basically via self obvious after all
you're missing is like me looking gross
and ugly because that's always have a
snapchat and me sleeping and me eating
and me singing so I don't really talk
that much on there I don't usually go on
Rin psycho like sometimes like main
rants but I reserve that for it well you
can also feel special um so know we're
recording today and I just realize like
this is supposed to be the last day
recording for daddy issues so crazy I
just met this amazing amazing writer I
told you guys about him
yes Jeremy he is an amazing writer and
the fact that he like wants to write for
me is like I can take advantage of that
so like I'm gonna go straight into a new
album after this it's gonna you know
take a little more like time and it's
gonna be little while because obviously
I want to promote Danny I'm really proud
of this album so is not like I'm just
jumping all over the place but I don't
want to lie I want to jump on the
opportunity while I can because I'm like
oh man somebody wants to write for me
and I think that's a really cool thing
so someone who's very very talented so
um so I am gonna be starting work on
like new music and even like Christmas
music and all this stuff which I'm
excited about because I think why it's
not because they like want to get anyone
out right away in just any another one
oh I'm gonna like wait you know let this
one you know do the videos for the ease
and all the stuff like that and
obviously I'm really proud of this and I
really want to prote it however my
favorite place to be my favorite thing
to do right now for the past year and a
half has been recording music and in
dancing I miss that I want to get to
that and hey I'm gonna get back to that
um oh hey that's not fun it's not over
my thighs need to get back to that I
know that um but I just I didn't know
nobody not everybody likes my singing
but I some people do and I appreciate
those who do um but you know for me it's
it's it's really just therapeutic for me
it's like someone who loves to paint and
if they're not that great of a painter
but they still think you know it's
something that fulfills me I don't know
if it's a childhood dream of mine I
don't know if it's I don't know I'd like
to see I'd like to sing I like to write
I'd like to perform and I love the
social aspect of it for me getting to be
around these people who do this for a
living
Jaime who's my engineer does it for the
biggest names well I'm not gonna ask how
to turn left guys it is he a being
around creative people and created
mind's eye I get inspired by that I
really do it's why I love being friends
with talented people as well I'm not
that I think that's good to have a
friend pressing that actually help me
friends have talent even if it's not
like the talent you would think without
have special talents and skill sets um
but I do like to be around people who
are you know just doing their thing
knowing their thing and I think that's
inspiring into itself just be who you
are and do what you want I don't really
know feeling on this tangent but um it's
research so yes you might be last day of
daddy issues which is like I said a
bittersweet has talked about this on
Twitter like kind of bittersweet
um a shadow can you guys hold me on
Instagram I'm like stuck at 9:55 Kay
like I would like to go to a million
please if you don't follow me on
instagram it's atrophy toes so you know
do that nobody for me because like I I
love recording so you know it was like
sad that this is like the end of it
today but we're so sweet because it's
supposed to be eyes mom I don't know you
guys will see this maybe it'll be up if
I will be out right now right I'm you
can see this cuz I suppose be out next
week so fingers
but I'm excited to get to hear a few
songs are silly they're silly songs the
next album I'm gonna be working on with
this guy this glitchet songs um we
aren't legit I think I feel get confuse
when I say that um I'm not to want to
tan because I hate when I make these so
long how long is out for a minutes okay
not often can't you're anything but the
car or I don't like to make so long I'll
so moving out chat too much I do prison
port it occur but um I like I my songs I
write to be silly I always did from the
beginning from from fat chicks the first
one I ever wrote you know I always had
bro and did the songs to the intention
of them being just so ridiculous and so
silly um
lost and found was like a serious one I
guess that I wrote but that's the only
only serious one I think I wrote but I
don't know I like the satire parody
because that's what I feel comfortable
with so people it's almost like hmm
people know it's you know I mean cuz I
think with shit em I was like is this a
joke - like they were kind of confused
cuz like my songs are jokes and you know
not seeing you know very well which I
can't I'm not like the best singer I'm a
bottle of to sing so whatever so I just
you know sometimes it takes the pressure
off of having to be like oh she think
she's such a good singer if it was like
a funny silly song which I like to do
anyways I like I like any songs but but
I'm starting to do some more like legit
and I'm excited that someone like
believes in me enough to make it like
make widget songs for me like you know I
think that's really cool so I'm gonna
take advantage of it I have my little
Jewish star on same a very dear friend
of mine gave this to me
my Star of David I should say not Jewish
star something it's not sounds offensive
or something
let me start David and I'm not Jewish
but I'm wearing it because um you know I
have a Buddha in my house I'm Christian
but I have like a Buddha in my house
Catholic specifically um you know have
the Star of David on my neck I just
believe in God's not gods no multiple
gods
I believe my god but I believe in
empowers that should be the word you
know I believe in the universe Buddha
whoever you pray to I feel is putting
that out into the universe like I am NOT
close anyone so I like to put things out
into the universe so if that means um
because it's open II was just there at
that spot not too long ago um just you
know putting things out so with the
Jewish people are right and their God
whether God is our God they just don't
believe in Jesus so I don't know Elvis
wore a Jewish star and sorry sorry David
I'm sorry I'm not trying to offend
anyone
um Steph David and I cross because um M
people asked him why and he said that in
case he's wrong he wants to double his
chances getting into heaven
you know breach but yeah anyway so
that's what we are doing and I'm heading
over there show brought some chopsticks
a little shop and but you can see me
yeah I have the peripheral vision
peripheral vision I was setting up my
camera sorry I wasn't ready for it but I
am okay
fat chicks two part deuce what you do
when you find out you want to be a fat
chick too so be a fat chick too
what you want to do be a fat chick -
there was no vocal in there I would lost
scare the shit out of me fat chicks -
part deuce what you do when you find out
you wanna be a fat chick - so be a fat
chick - what you want to do be a fat
chick - we just have fat chicks - all
the additional parts yet again think
daddy is she's in the rap oh that's late
spent harsh like I am so excited x2 is
fuckin amazing I look so crazy I don't
care this day went from shit - amazing
excited about it
