Oh
Kylie cosmetics calm reality ins so I
guys kind of round in the morning one
kind of just working um you guys are
seen as I finish but you guys on a
tripod just Kylene this is beautiful by
the way
thank you so much for purchasing you're
probably look what I'm still behind on
this by the way I hope you enjoy using
as much as I'd recruiting up at my heart
and soul into each you have a kit and I
want to thank you for joining on my
journey so I've heard some mixed reviews
about this stuff but you know I went
ahead and pull my goodness you guys
these are the colors I got okay so
seeing what you're seeing I want to try
these out today but I've or such as a
bat dark lip yesterday like a dramatic
look but I don't really know that's
focusing it's coke okay Dolce K Kandy K
and please he came so okay so I just
snapped a little photo so I they're all
here set up as seeing if anyone was
interested in unboxing style video of
these like I don't know I'm gonna do
like a whole sit-down one I'm a main
channel cuz I just don't know if these
are that relevant what I do want to
check though is um your closest because
I think focusing on the fatty I do want
to check their wands of these because
there's been so many discrepancies about
this like that the wands we're gonna act
I'm sorry I have no idea chores are
seeing guys are like not on a tripod you
know I should use if you guys around my
kitchens nice Hannah
which might be a little messy but not
even kind of see if I'm showing so I'm
opening up Kandy K and it comes with a
lip liner and a liquid lipstick and this
is what it looks like I actually need to
get a pencil sharpener it's not twisting
it doesn't look like we'll see your
shrimp in this when they go down but
it's pretty color actually a stool
proper swatch okay this looks cool now
let's try a check out the liquid
lipstick is that our most interest to
see if they fix the wants then everyone
was kind of like I mean my one looks
pretty good let's watch real quick
yeah Minah looks you know kind of looks
like how she swatches ready they're all
very Kylie colors the colors are all
very very similar to each other so I
don't really know best pretty I'm just
going to swatch the actual liquid
lipstick so I feel like the pencils are
all good let's just check out how the
boxes see right on this one is a poison
k that pad so it looks good
pretty sorry guys my hand is so dry and
crusty of skill gross and I am so
bloated oh I have a not eating sugar or
salt because I've been looking really
bloated lately I don't know why I've
been like oh I haven't eaten the best I
haven't been eating that much salt be so
happy okay this is Jill shake head it's
really really Brown tell me y'all hard
to focus my boobs in here because I'm
not wearing a bra I don't want any nips
that wand applicator was good and
finally cocoa okay which everyone like
kind of went crazy for for a hot minute
this looks to be the prettiest it's not
so dramatic
yeah don't like more of a pinky um
pretty I love all these colors I think
they're they're cute and my brushes and
wands turned out cute and had try me
something out of Kylie I looked it so
mean so far so good
first impressions fail but anyways that
attracts I just open them why is it
whenever I do my own makeup and nose
always runs huh yeah so I wasn't sure if
I wanted to try out the Carrie lip
things justly there were a little dark
and I wore a really dark lip the other
day and it was kind of good but I've put
a little more I like bones if you like
at me um Tom right about I hope I was in
such a coke head like just just there's
like snot coming I don't know why I
didn't but I'm gonna try one I'm the one
that looks you know coke okay that looks
the most like not so dramatic
so I'm going to try it um
like you said these pencils look like oh
this one looks so different they're the
first one I took out because I didn't
take out the other ones and another one
would look like those in this one looks
like it's like ready to use so I'm going
to try it I'm not like having McGaha
expectations like this to be a miracle
kit or to be any different than like a
Mack liner but yeah the hype so let's
ooh that's a magnifying there okay
yeah
the Revit first thing I'd read about
this which I you know kind of wanted um
I'm going it's a 90 degrees
um is it matches like my lip a lot which
is like almost too much it almost like
blends in too much book is that I wanted
that for tonight but the loading isn't
also not great over here
my lips aren't dry - okay so lip liner
when I'm good and smooth and now I'm
going to put on the actual liquid
lipstick see how this goes
Phyllis I really dry
is really pretty actually it's actually
really really pretty I like it a lot
it smells good too it sounds really good
wasn't a cupcake
this lighting I'm gonna take you guys
like turn you guys around
I think I like it think I like it a lot
actually it's very subtle I thought it
was going to be like a little more
dramatic but it's actually super subtle
let's see what do you think it went on a
lot better than other liquid lipstick is
that eyelash poppin poppin over here
it went on a lot better it feels a
little dry envelope so I'm probably
gonna put a little lip gloss on but it's
a really pretty color and I think my
lips were already dried begin with so
I'm not the best I know
so filmic so classic looking um but all
in all you know so far so good I'm gonna
wear it out tonight so we'll see but I
guess I'm gonna find put some gloss on
it cuz it feels just drying but my lips
are really really dry so I like this is
the coke okay and I give it a thumbs up
hey guys maybe wrote that laced and grow
quick butterflies Saturday night and it
was crazy traffic getting here available
what's the groom so what's really crazy
getting here
so
my Britney Spears liking bond and we're
out see Angry Birds we're really excited
setting is really puffed up the crow
alright y'all um Jeremy's that we're
getting with you shot so thank you this
will be our first date breaker panic
here we go this is round two I blame
this fucking guy right here round two
ready Hey I don't know what your mover
sighs Cheers I had like you like Jay
gums what you like Draco like Drake
Draco Malfoy no it's part of your world
Oh same thing see it don't know my
friend Jeremy is a singer huh see
he's a singer we not seeing so whatever
we'll take a picture picture making
noise look at that wait what I like to
go fast like to go hot I'll put in your
up give me in the car that's like Trey
Songz no I know I said it's all the time
but I actually think I found my soul
mate I think I thought my cousin love
with a stripper she rapped is she wrong
oh he loud let me turn that down y'all
know him you're watching the Billboard
Music Awards I just worked a burger
because I'm hungover I have my diet root
beer Shane got me addicted to these and
I'm just finding a console a music video
shoulda just came out today okay so
whenever you guys are watching this 184
thousand views in a few hours y'all are
liking it the dislikes that's good for
me oh it's not focusing but that's
really good for me I'm like really happy
yes I am hungover yep I have been
sleeping all day on and off but I'm just
so happy cuz my music video I've been
resting and now I'm worried
oh my god I literally look like a
crackhead um I got so many shots and
when we came back or so many beers I was
just like I was having a good time
though I looked and sing but that is
what I'm doing for the night I'm so
happy about it I remember I was like oh
you wear the same pajamas it's so gross
like oh that's gross I can clean when I
put them to jail Mazama guy a shower
before my pajamas unless I'm sweating
throughout the night but oh my god sigh
no I'm just catching up on this like um
prank vs. prank with him a girl forces
GF like of stuff like oh my god now
Jessie like has maybe a daughter and
like I'm reading all the like comments
about the girl he's like pinching on
with I mean I'm electrician don't invest
in the drama but that's what youtubers
are you watched our lifestyle you can
invest in their life sorry
that's what you signed up for when
people get invested in my drama it's
like well I put that out there and
oh my gosh slow music I look gross okay
crazy anyways that's crazy summer you
want that too and I'm responding
comments but now I'm going to eat
because I'm starving I got a burger is
it weird I just eat my burger plain I
literally have nothing on it people
inside kind of gross but I think it's so
good this burgers are so good mmm
