gosh guys today I'm going to get my back
aligned I don't know I'm going on this
like mocha lighting I'm going to be
getting my back like adjusted or signing
I know what I'm doing um Joe is he needs
to this back doctor that he goes to um
cuz I have really bad back problems I
feel like I've talked about that before
I don't want to complain too much
because I've had them for forever and
you know a lot of my um you know pill
addiction and you know medical marijuana
use is because my back and I'm gonna be
nice to just heal it not Mascis that's
what I'm doing today I just want a bunch
of videos for you guys this is actually
a sweater from one of those like china
shops and I actually really liked it and
never like worn it out before him um but
yeah that's what I am doing today and I
feel like I'm rushing around so much
because this point was early but he
wasn't videos for you guys cuz I was out
of video supposed so doing that and this
time do today and see what else happens
I don't know what else today will bring
but that's priority number one so I'll
let you guys know I'm really really
nervous it's called alpha biotics I
think so I'll let you guys know how it
goes but I feel like I had you a little
intro Oh Matt I feel like I should eat
something too because what if I like
pass out right haven't mean anything
today hmm
anyways it's a beautiful day it looks
like so I'm excited here we go
as I just got went to help biotics and
got this like crazy like what is it like
neck cracking is that what it is like I
don't know it's an adjustment an
adjustment and all aligned and thanks to
Joe because he kept pushing it I was
like no no and he soars by it we gotta
get her back on track and she's doing it
thank you look like you could be working
here with your little hat wrapped across
today
voices down my outfit they did my hair
and picked out my outfit angel said it
was inspired by Stevie Nicks BB Nick ill
what drugs no T inspired by
I have to think about outfit of the day
yeah going to Disneyland going to do
this you look so cute and yours angel I
was feeling a little grungy today
Charles Lenny Kravitz and Steven tight
oh okay with a scarf and everything they
came over and I'm like are you guys
going somewhere fancy today I was a kid
with very dressed up yeah going to the
Groves yeah did you have to go shopping
yeah it depends on my mood the district
you are always dressed up and then I
thought I need to always be dressed out
so I'm like they pick my outfit out for
me because I'm like I can't look bum
next to them yeah but you look really
good today yeah so now we're gonna go
eat at our favorite Cheesecake Factory
I wish David sponsor us help Petraeus's
our classic nachos from cheese a factory
how with the white chicken chili
let me do that
where's your brother
the boys little our little date after I
blow out yeah always at Cheesecake
Factory
you guys look so cute today I love it
they're my favorite people chili chicken
cheese oh I look good today
I'm so excited chicken and biscuit and
chicken fingers
whoa okay Angels is set this is very eat
walk very apocalyptic and I was like you
know what I kind of see that actually if
you picture like a trendy Star Wars cast
yeah this would be it this would be a
star with Couture oh my god what are
those what are they flip hops we should
get those I look like I want to dress
casual to go to Sea World
you're gonna be a trainer right like
trainer where's that a flip-flop they
wear the new oh so they're narc you know
I got this really cute top of day stop
at the front and then he's either
getting that or are gonna get both I'll
make it different for Sam I'm still
thinking I'm I love that one but if you
don't get it I will I got this stuff
that's cute because you're saying wear
it with no pants right yeah and that's
not long enough why I think it is no you
don't have boobs or anything - no - I
don't want to look like a please put
your bag of the day I'm putting those
shorts
from touch this is my bag
I am still obsessed with it I had a
proper eyebrow and just found it and
like anything
this is my shopping OTT everybody
my favorite boots
I know hey are you on YouTube um no oh
thank you I say hey I am oh my god
really
Oh buddy when I you're in my video hi
what's your name
Oliver Oliver Oliver with an Oliver
jacket look how cute you're so cute I
literally thought your photo bombing was
adorable I love him Oliver at Topshop or
I'm gonna hide Oliver oh my gosh you
guys literally doing the most
I'm literally doubled up tasking right
now look at that processing my video
while I'm driving to the recording
studio I obviously had to do makeup and
stuff because I got a really awesome
opportunity to do a video for a brand or
within partner with a brand and I had to
be up like today so I your girl like
doing it if you trying it so I'm off to
the recording studio and I wanted you
guys safely was at a stoplight of course
once again I am late for my own studio
time oh so annoying
it's annoying because it's like my
studio time that I pay for and it's like
a soldier's you can't even be on time
for that decide you know I'm a long time
for anything because I can't even be on
time for my own ish really excited a new
writer I'm hoping to work with is
meeting me there tonight we're working
with my old engineer Jaime not an old
one but like the one I worked on shoot
it with
and of course mark producing and I
always missed this little like it's like
a little nook and I always miss it
see ya okay so anyways that's what I'm
doing today and I'm just a chicken with
Tiger like literally I just I had a lot
to do I thought I didn't have that much
to do today like I was just chilling
mokou-san really a really chill day but
I'm not just made a darker but oh no no
chill days the Trish um I only like a
two minutes three minutes late but to me
that's like I like to be there early I
like to be there on time it is bright
out
it was Friday traffic - I just I was
editing I was doing the most um I got
excited we're doing oh my god this will
be the fourth four out of five songs
completed after today and then we just
have 200 totally totally do not even
there we go lighting lighting is better
but yeah so that's we're doing today are
you guys already with me in the journey
so that the day continues and um yeah
I'm actually oh my god I waited
Cheesecake Factory but I just didn't
really finish my meal cuz I wasn't all
that hungry when we eat there and I'm
like hungry again
this video has an hour left to process
I'm praying that there's Wi-Fi here I
think there's Wi-Fi to something I've
ever connected um but yeah I related and
this new rider is so good he works with
like huge name artists with the effect
he might want to work with me Wow
I would actually dad is actually my own
music but I'm so not opposed to writing
with other people I just never found
anyone I thought I would you know want
to work with this guy
I do just we'll see what happens guys
alright a night waiting to record
editing snapchatting or uploading no
rest for the wicked you get any better
again turning your way the first one got
the Wi-Fi oh hey look who decided to
show up my bindi Oh wearily yeah hey
well not here before her it was oh we're
we're breathing I'll I'm around what's
up y'all
yeah I'm vlogging and editing I'm so
much to do I'm like double duty today
don't we do double duty how are you so
good why do you have a mint what are you
drinking no no where you going
no taking a nap then I woke up and I was
like oh shit I need to do something you
smell that you're pressing them it does
thank you
I'm also obsessed with these shoes I
know I talk about these like all the
time these are literally the most
comfortable things ever and there's
still something cute I fell given my
slippers at the recording studio and
read you guys this is my a boat 8d I'll
show you in the mirror it's like not
even that cute
I was like in a rush Rancic filming and
I have bottom so they never fill with
water I'm like wow I guess we'll just
put it up and I actually look like I'm
wearing slippers today these shoes I
would not normally wear with these pants
but this whole look is just like not
really working I feel like you need like
fitted denim shorts but you know
whatever
and the makeup was a rush job before
that I'm not having one today just had a
rush that fish yeah just work him no no
no I know
Thomas I know you may be a problem today
it's gonna be together forever he's
gonna get Trish that food right here it
would look cool right there oh hello
brain is gonna fess looks 16 committed
we are committed to Jim we're gonna be
together forever now come around
recording this I mean hahaha where the
sower
