from casting you're soaked you thought
of my own gas tank
not to the cord
five dollars
but yeah I'm gonna finish recording some
songs today go back in that stupid yeah
this cute little shirt I got see my G's
apiece and Nadi's peduncle Iseman and
I'll show you today because it was last
minute recording and put on one here
second
why snapchat my hair looks so crazy I
told him I wasn't expecting to be
recording up in that gas
let's go see how much how much this bad
boy was Oh 71
Jake's five thousand sixty seven all
right mom that's wonderful hunter bucks
to fill up your car gas away does that
be that would suck think I'm gonna drive
all that much my hair looks so crazy I
had no time to wash him car is filthy
all right get that whiskey I'm tired of
lot more because I'm all caught up on my
blog he is ready
darzee I'm tryna I'd coffin on my blogs
oh gosh I got a blog more so much hi I'm
vlog more today that is today's this is
my new bag daddy issues with my friend
charms pains on hey Zeus what we're in
do some clever songs today that nice
cool that I am looking oh my god oh my
god literally this is like photo shoot
here without my weave and it's like I
meant to wash it I'm like get a blowout
today and I just didn't know like if I
was gonna be doing anything that I
needed Alec I thought I was going to be
just sit and we'll home over but what
does it even look like though I'm gonna
like a mushroom I legit look like a
soccer mom okay yeah some days I feel
the short hair today
not feeling it but mainly cuz of the
haircut um yeah so yes I'm going to
record which was very very last minute
like I um leave like you want to go in
like an hour at the time they have I was
like okay so I'm just really really
really trying to get this done like I
put out there June 1st that my fat daddy
su CP is all out on it's gonna be
released and I have five songs so
basically we have like three completely
done but I mean I sell a lot more work
to do on to and then I have a few cover
songs just coming out as singles on
their own um and should as a single
should has not on my dad yet she's up to
be as single as well so it's just
someone I just I always take on those
huge like I always take on a lot and
then I'm like Kate regimes I could
realistically think about this no it's
all good I'm gonna get this all done and
like I said goals for myself like I said
like these days on myself it's not gonna
have to answer to anybody and be like
this is the release date but you know I
like to I like to make my own goals and
like you know get them done otherwise it
would take me literally like three years
to get shit done because that's just the
kind of person I am if I don't give
myself a deadline them and one
weird weather she it's a cock-and-bull
so that's that I was snapchatting the
sky like what it's not talking to me at
the gas station it was like really
really weird stuff logged that was a
good cup of my other cops I was here
really nervous when those cops around
not me um yeah so we're going down
Hollywood in Thailand just got some gas
oh and I need some hand sanitizer and a
good thing I packed some today because I
ran my hand sanitizer on my car I bought
cue bottles one for my purse and one for
my car vanilla cream and watermelon
lemonade I think when I get the
watermelon lemonade my first because
that sounds delicious but I'm gonna try
this one vanilla cream which is just
probably vanilla get these from Bath &
Body Works like 5 or 5 such a good deal
because balm body works in sushi and
sometimes there's just alone in a price
but they're hand sanitizers now well
maybe they are ashamed of all your hands
and pads are like CES movie they are
overpriced have no idea we have 17
minutes to get there and I'm about 10
minutes away from the recording studio
this is actually a request open to
before a different one that I've been
recording this album so we're going back
or back and forth but I'm excited
because I do love this recording - it's
really nice it's really clean but that
matters if you're recording the song but
um
yeah I have pizza for breakfast this
morning
um that's about it uh yeah so it's
Saturday I guess happy that I'm
uploading these vlogs very current I'm
like just a couple days behind now and
considering at it then myself like I
know I was like oh yeah I think that's
such a big deal sure it's your job but a
lot of youtubers most youtubers I know
don't have their own blog there's
nothing wrong with adding that's bougie
as fuck if I trusted someone to edit and
upload my videos I fucking would do that
too but I'm a little bit of a control
freak where I need to edit and I need to
upload everything myself and like I
trust no one with my password I'm a
crazy person YouTube means like the most
to me so trust me if I have five was
like a normal sane person I would be
having someone out of my video stupid
and popping out videos like a mother
fucka I feel like I do a pretty good job
though you guys have to give me a little
bit agree I feel like you do a pretty
good job uploading consistently and you
know you know pretty much up to date you
know I just I liked having the system
where it was like a week or two behind
because I didn't feel so pressured to
vlog every day because but but it's good
outside the pressure on me because now I
feel oh I need to start vlogging more
because um otherwise that second you
don't have no content so it's good it's
good it's a good thing um I know I'm
like a little bit of crazy but anyways
that's it and finally on snapchat Rochon
YT I consider that like my third YouTube
channel because I vlog different things
I snap different things my blog
different things as always it's not
always the same
next week we're going to Harry Potter
world is remaining because we're really
getting close to that Universal Studios
I'm really excited about that got some
cute outfits and yeah we're doing VIP
experience so now I'm headed back
towards my old stomping grounds I still
live over in this area it's like so
crazy like that time in my life I mean
it was only like six months I lived over
here in that house but oh my god that
was that was a very weird time in my
life like it was a flaking when I look
back at that now it was really dark and
depressing like that house I think the
house kind of even brought on more of a
depression it's very weird it's very
bizarre but I'm happy happy now everyone
was like Oh Trish it's good to see you
kind of like get back and I am I'm
getting back like I was a little over
the place but I'm happy I'm good I'm in
a good space and I'm like working on
shit and being productive with my time
and uhm being creative which I love the
most and getting ready for another music
video you know hopefully in the next
month and just really that's what's
keeping me going right now was just my
creative juices working on those getting
those full wins
I'd also spent time on my friends I'm
making more time my friends and get
pushing myself out of the house and get
really lazy AF and just not only my
house but I'm like forcing myself to do
that just like today like he called me
kind of last minute was like hey do you
want to like recording studio time you
want to go and I was like honestly I was
like home and feeling a little gross and
ugly is like no cherish just get your
butt in the shower just get dressed
- here's of your hair makeup and not on
fleek like just go and have a good time
and that's one dude
it's good to be less pain and less prey
cow that was like a homeless person
anyhow yes I used to live off of
Mulholland Drive you'll see coming up
it's really famous oh well we're out of
sunlight so oldest easing okay no I'm
okay now to turn my appetite are you
just kidding I know I got cool fresh are
crazy
I'm just waiting for my studio bro do
you want Ally people to smoke a
cigarette no I thought Pamela Anderson's
a photo shoot with a cigarette yeah I
just can't is the taste of this in my
mouth was kind of gross to wait us I
can't get can't get down with them I'm
just chill on time you know back waiting
areum we didn't to get in that's still
here after three fucking weeks I'm sorry
at marks house you fucking awkward marks
are Cortana not me good bye go ahead my
home are you the normal one most normal
this no I'm the most normal of all
normal sure fucking liar you're a liar
you look good in that light though yeah
mark and I are fight today we're in a
for fighting each other fight okay I'm
in the one-sided fight I like to cut I'd
like to be in fights with everyone I
know it's like my goal we have to get to
a fight at least one point you take a
shot we all took tequila shots we should
be happy no you woke me up oh you don't
even midnight last night asked me if I
wanted to record be a bit what time did
you text me 11 and that's midnight to me
like that is early your daddy you should
be up at 6:00 a.m. every day anyway you
guys we're about to record I was a row
seats
we saw the shit a video what do you
think of it it's just those you like it
hurry over there I was I'm really bad
that I poison his coffee to I'm planning
on hopefully a kick in soon my body
poison that an audition for Quentin
Tarantino yeah over be important to Oh
you said fucking movie every day deep
really I do I love that movie Oh No
are you quitting Theory just hit play
I'm Quinn Quinn touchy
really they're hateful eight is one of
his best not to me man like oh like that
I like just everything covers everything
like the racism his funniest shit
oh you think it's funny cuz Spike Lee
fucking hates Quentin for that he's
always like trying to be like you can't
say that shit alright go ahead
Mars being PC but in real life Mark's
mouth is like a Quentin Tarantino movie
I was like mark you can't say that stuff
he's always making me so uncomfortable
recording doing a cover of cord and
today what little bit you just can't
hear but I can hear my auto-tune back
I'm ready
love you later racism so much of vlog do
and the first thing you say is like that
basis alone okay can get along then oh
wow
taking a break yeah hahaha
like I'm mark me reckon he said
everyone's a little racist as a no
they're not I think it's just everyone's
observant
any chance that I'm smoking by like it I
was like I'm gonna quit entertain Emily
oh I found good right here that that was
anger though my favorite thing to do
when I come to the studio is get Jerry's
deli fried mac and cheese buy it
these are my favorite thing ever and
then I got chicken fingers my boring
light welcome um oh you guys I don't
blog every single day so I feel like
this channel has been lacking content
sometimes looks like I have to vlog
because I don't want this channel go to
that content but I'm literally doing
nothing exciting I think it flies so
don't forgot my teeth for you all right
like round floss literally like a week
ago so gross was I awesome a mac and
cheese and a nipper for Tdap tourism
well not look at the teeth situation
right now um yeah I'm just like running
a bunch of errands with a bank don't
won't get me I have to the bank and I'm
going to Target and there's a nail place
by Target where I just want to get like
a pedicure in a wax because I'll just
make me feel better I've been feeling oh
how I look a hot mess tomorrow we're
going to Harry Potter world so I just
want to get like my eyebrows waxed and
shit just to feel like better about
myself I don't know um but I got plays
in last night that's animal shorthand
video but I actually thought I was I
actually thought you I don't know if you
guys I've ever had this I'm heard um
with legitimate maybe okay maybe just
one legitimate near-death experience I
actually thought I was going to die and
now it's - no now that makes two firms
oh how do you work out I have not danced
in forever
that's a holter issue but I'm saying
okay actually thought I was nothing like
I actually bought that for real and like
I thought and I even texted a friend of
mine I was just like hey like if I die
in the morning like I have been poisoned
he's like what and I was really really
late so I just end up falling asleep one
time actually died was just saying but I
really thought I was like I wasn't being
like dramatic I really thought like I
was I was poisoned by somebody mmm so I
mean I'm alone a that's good and so you
know who was poisoned if I was poisoned
I wasn't that strong it didn't kill me
so anyways but like I said that's a
whole certain video just don't know
don't don't drink tea from people you
don't know and that sounds weird but
actually should just just not have a
have sex we don't know maybe that should
be the Biggers moral lesson of this
story
anyways blow a lot like blabbing but
yeah really just boring sorry there's
nothing more sad tomorrow because thanks
we're running universities but um um but
yeah stand today and I'm doing so we'll
see how this goes
okay just went into the bank my face is
breaking out so bad just ignore
everything but let's do these eyebrows
done well that close up oh my god that
closed up though
better than that's not alive
I've been in a rut for like a few days
now like maybe three days you want to
get these ruts I hate it I think
tomorrow's gonna help though like
getting out a house like looking good
I'm feeling cute and Thursday I'm like
gonna feel good look cute work for music
and I think it just seems like get out
of this rut oh I hate it I hoping it
when I went to say Brock I would really
like to sit in my house day and night
and just binge on everything I could
possibly eat
okay maybe where I hit him I remember
just get my car but if you're so perfect
I'm not gonna hit you no but I've been I
was binging today to which they were
supposed to be on cameras are eating
it's not even about eating clean for me
it's like when I snack excessively like
I have been doing I feel like shit it's
when I snack on snack food is so long
this is what swing
not like well cuz I had some mac and
cheese like the kraft mac and cheese
like the nasty plastik mac and cheese
and then I had some chips oh my god and
I bought these blueberry muffins from
like the bakery and they don't stay
fresh very long so for me my dumb ass
fuckin I need to eat them all because I
don't want them to go bad so I don't buy
them it's why I don't buy them it's like
oh my god I just I was really craving
naughty junk food so I went on a little
bit of a binge got everything and now
I'm lookin fretting it all my skin's
breaking out because of him I need to
probably put a little more pressure and
I don't smell like I look
unless I'm so good though oh it was my
April favorites I love this shit so much
it's like smells like vacation
it smells like Hawaii
Hawaii when I walk into target that's
that's actual goals
hey update on the bank there was a cute
dog on there that i snapchatted don't
like dogs so the fact that I thought
that one was cute was I'm crazy now off
target to get some floss get a pedicure
get a wax
since the exciting life of Judge this is
the stuff I hate doing I really actually
do hate doing this kind of stuff like oh
the bank target like hated doing a nice
little kitchen with my mom she had
somebody post office in the bank I'm
like oh we're never to do the fun stuff
like go eat and shop and go to the
movies only in life is just eating and
shopping for the movies good alright
guys I will talk to you soon
oh well I'm here isn't this Tinker Bell
shirt like the cutest thing ever
so forget I'm obsessed that everyone
asked me I got it from just like the
Disney online store we have like I'm
obsessed with Peter Pan to show you guys
this Peter Pan statue at Amelia che as a
complete surprise from someone very
special to me and I was just like what
this was the costume go home
the other thing was snack I get really
Higa beep I'm like Burpee and it's so
gross I fucking hate oh I hate everyone
good super be like obviously but like I
fucking I think it's the best thing ever
even when I'm the one doing it just um I
can only hit
coach I do my toes y'all in French
manicure now God change tap mashing and
change my nails do not not today maybe
next week I'm going to get fun colors
again I miss getting some color in my
life some fun it's always fun to see if
I'm going to fit underneath you barely
okay Dean walking boot park garage
this is reflect daily blockages
literally I was like a mom wearing her
daughter's t-shirt
and could it be while if you were here
she has six kids at home all
breastfeeding off one boob except I
don't have six kids I don't even have
one kid
can't put myself together that's just
kind of a mess
she gets me get out
Rosen's okay
spyware
we're going up there happy nails
my stomping grounds for now I like this
area well I like the area I live in
that's a whole other video too
know where the microphone is on this
thing boys an improper hand
awareness
with all them
do not need any makeup
I forget to the class
be still any place us
maybe it's the world's hang any dog I
need something in my life pretty hairy
okay hopefully were early enough on a
Wednesday to get it in get ahead of here
having to wait you and a wax my mustache
wax top so it
mr. cheeto stairs yeah hey it's a
livable wait for a pedicure and a wax Oh
perfect
okay thank you it's kind of ready
he
ah finished I got this cool ooh I think
I like it
you sure like Margaret you're blue but I
give this gun my sandals oh really yeah
my spray tans wearing off I'm to get you
spray tan and I need to shake it but I'm
not doing things happy now
and now I'm just waiting to get that big
slab of actual mess today it's actually
show
mmm
this target shopping is poppin LLL lose
my eyebrows are waxed
I got it doesn't say Shane I don't know
what does I live for the shirt they had
a size I would get on for him hmm
love all this pride stuff I'm not gay
but I kind of support this wrangle
eunuch wending hit me
target is officially out of the closet
y'all this is cute as fuck
why does a rainbow gay why is this
representation of like gay people I
don't know confused genuinely someone
tell me okay so this is Gay Pride just
rainbow what is this is this like black
pride I'm like genuine confused this is
our street pride half because we
basically okay y'all I did good
I kept just the basic memos gap boss up
some toothpaste and this board
toothbrush awaiting exciting times
