see naked on my living room floor right
now about to eat some pizza and beer for
photoshoot that angel doing my hair
always in the background always know
you're always in the foreground yeah
in my heart I have Isaiah with some
buffets fuck him hey my friend eh yeah
you love that then we have okay miss
Natalie just came out the back and saw
me naked on the floor I was dressed less
sentence on me no neither okay cuz I'm
free over there just showing what the
make up pictures we can fit flashed your
pants yes I can go but I thought we were
going to see I was like oh I would are
you flash we're about to shoot and we're
gonna do some pizza we're gonna do some
shots for some merch we ready some shots
for my thing wow that's where the arts
and elephants space that's inspiration
and ideas gonna get naked - I need the
pizza is all about filling holes fill
y'all we're on our Philly we're all
filling each other's holes what we do
what we do find a hole we feel is my
life motto can we just talk about how
big this pizza is though but are you
seeing laughs get some good shots yeah
these will be available on get that
spread sure calm guys want to get some
shirts let me eat pizza and beer will do
your rooms right it's the next street
okay we're talking about rim palace you
know it's really funny what um the block
the company that makes the BlackBerry ah
somehow not dead
what Oh blackberry it's gonna be me
right um so the company that makes
blackberries called research in motion
okay which we've always called it rip
because this recession yeah well what
happens economy tanked in 2008 South
Padre had to close one of their main
facilities in Canada and the newspaper
headline read I kid you not
rim job 20,000 rim job like that's a lot
of room holy shit
well you know continue on salesmen
bubble of artists like we may or may not
lose twenty thousand rim jobs from job
losses haha money I lost my rim job oh
you don't I'm right here stop it I'm
serious
I got a rim job for you that's not you
make him feel better though
don't worry like you'll get another rims
oh yeah someday honey there's when when
God closes one rim job door he opens
another rim job
oh my god so funny yeah there are better
things than a rim job not much but there
are some you can work for you could work
for a Verizon that's not sexy your
window guys we're going to get some
Chinese food for a next bedroom shot are
we talking about this cuz you remember
naturally dowton the cameras rolling
these out with a rim job you just go
that's that's how it works you just go
with the red yeah we're on our way to
get some piano Express because my
freaking postman job okay
he loves his rim jobs that's a meme
right there there are better things than
a room job well I mean yeah I don't like
run grads I don't like to give them or
take them yeah well that you just get
messy
so she and for some Santa Express wow I
run I get some panics
friend I get my bodyguard and a
paparazzi camera and it's all song then
we're gonna do the feat in my bedroom
you can expect that sounds like way more
fun than it is
I feel like that too because now we have
to go to camp see but hopefully there's
a drive-through for that uh-huh yeah you
like it
most people like the pink thing it's
actually his pink thing hahaha
it's his pink are always talking about
the camp room
yes we are now at KFC Oh paparazzi in my
car
oh did you leave me laughs while I put
your business in the news it's Pepe's a
photographer for her fast food
restaurants we're getting four buckets
of KFC chicken how do you feel for me we
pulled in and pressing Isaiah sizes I
didn't exactly say that but I did you
did you're like black power look is I
you can't say that I can't say that but
I mean it's KFC good I mean seriously
why is KFC still around Church's Chicken
is still around Popeyes Chicken is still
around I I love all nationalities of
people but business intelligence says
you have to be friends with the
african-american population if you're
going to sell Fried Chicken KFC has been
really really good at that don't screw
it up cam see ya I love you we love you
that was sponsored you think they're
gonna sponsor you now they're having a
commercial bounce with me now have your
spokesperson Richard yeah well this is
this is yeah black people are powered by
numb Tibetan at me don't get mad at me
right y'all daddy issues official album
title be out June 1st and you can get
these Sawatzky limited-edition shirts at
Etsy calm slash shop slash the ill lions
and use code Trish and you can get 10%
off panties are Victoria's Secret
obsessed we got all this chicken go one
in my belly
whoa gonna do with all that job he stole
a chicken chicken feet only ate it
chickens he gonna happen your KFC
spokesperson you can
he's post person chicken to make sure
was to make sure I was right for me
thanks I appreciate that yeah there we
go good pie remain I let this get any
mum wait look at what he did
so fun is really drying oh man
well it's the regular man it's nothing
extra crispy weird your estimate babe I
love it you look your result yeah this
that's what you called white meat okay
here we go good is just the really
glamorous kind of poses so chin up and
just kind of tip it to your lips like
there you go there you go there you go
that's it that's it that's it yeah just
relax the lips good job good job would
be cool to the shop which is kind of
pouring down both sides but just relax
don't you know I kiss into it too much
just there you go there you go there you
go that's it that's it that's it done
here we go okay what I think would be
really cool is if you're holding it the
that was awesome you always do the
backup that doesn't feel sexy al doesn't
matter it's awesome
good good good okay so lean your head
against the fridge and right hand over
here just kind of like this we go like
ohoo days and so on yeah yes be up there
that said that that is breathe let it
out there you go to our kitchen
