okay you are I've got a new boyfriend
excellent cheekbones and blonde hair do
you guys know looks so watch now no you
look so good actually I think right now
look at me we're like 20 prostitutes at
the price so we bonded because this
prostitute that he takes know we've
bumped over in mixed video arrested for
prostitution because I watch that and I
was like no huge fan of heaven so we
just relate love how do you okay good I
think I was like the superfan I'm like
telling him all it's gonna go don't know
it seems it's an exciter yeah but you
know something he's like he's always a
having the most drama on his channel
he's always like talking about the most
story times and it lame now we're basing
remember getting drunk cheers to that
and um ya know he uh he's um he's a
model he you're can't be your biggest
campaign with the Prada one I guess
tonight liquid you up I see the product
it's Prada and there was a
generalisation
way every time I go out of my oh my god
new boyfriend now yeah please literally
like you should buy that way okay okay
yeah you were kind of actually amazing
look at you that model it professional
model and I got a bunch of gave high
stuff cuz I'm gay now apparently I'm
turning I'm turning it everything so got
my lesbian haircut
right there yeah okay okay hey welcome
to with my you said let's have sexual
oral okay I could hold you via your
first blog read somebody filming but you
love it here
oh hey she's a sexual today Joey Joey
and Daniels and they were setting up for
filming why is this not focusing focus
on me baby
okay and literally look at that Yeti
back there that's literally me I want
that so bad my figure out worried about
it
I was trying to like bargain we just
filmed the video and I was gonna bargain
I'm like if I win can I get that big
Yeti
it wasn't happy get them justice Elvis
advancement had sixtieth birthday but I
came over to show with Joey and Daniel
well for the week for the trip give
Joey's Erasmus birthday thank him for
mine there's Joey Yeti back there Joey
Danielle I did my hair cut Joey - it's
very like boy if even just follow that I
love it I think very so much like pink
so when we look at Kris Jenner I like to
say Elvis somebody my prince Angel 1987
and so now we are getting ready to make
some soap we just said juice one oh so
gross
actually want to dye a my jacket on but
it was a little flex here with this
button
yeah so that is what we're up to today
how's it feel to be 60 good close-up
that's what the inside of the cake looks
like and we're about to try it right now
we already had a cupcake because I had a
birthday cupcake and now we're having
this confetti cake see how it tastes
everything on the plate so you try it
he wants the balsamic and filling it
separated in different ways like in the
bottle you can split everyone
