guys we're at the hottest club in West
Hollywood it's called pump and right now
we're about to dive into some really
tasty Lobster ringing
Jason said that he gave me three kisses
on the cheek and said that's it for the
love today that's all the love you get
that's it
so I can give good morning good morning
good morning good morning everyone
welcome to our talk show hi I'm Jason
and we've got a lot of cool stuff for
you this morning
um Samantha from the San Diego Zoo is
gonna be here and he's bringing in a
red-nosed Pelican in a little bit so
we'll have some of that also I'll be
talking about my sex change that I'm
gonna be getting later this year that
should be interesting as well Trish you
know you know what the comments always
say I always say don't joke and they're
like Trisha he's a comedian you should
let him tell his jokes who cares just do
you do whatever you out I'll do whatever
I want whatever hi how's it going Jason
said I coddled him too much today he's
saying we can't just sit here and say I
love you to each other all day yeah
that's my ideal relationship though yeah
I know but I mean like so I also just
want to like chill out drinking the
coffee watch Hollywood land looking look
at my views see if they're up or down
but what about me if I'm up or down I
don't know you say we don't talk enough
but we've been taught or like talked
enough let's all we do is talk it's all
we do is vlog and talk and talk and talk
and talk we talk about stuff
so sometimes I just like to just sit or
like you want you want me to like keep
revealing these like like these things
about myself which I do from time to
time but I can't always think of things
sometimes I just need to like sit and
not and not have like a heavy
conversation or have like or like have
to like look into your eyes and like
connect with you and then you know grab
some you know candle and do like a
spiritual prayer or I just want to hang
out oh my god you know where I was
telling Trisha today she should date
someone with short-term memory loss okay
continue your joke that's pretty funny
joke well no now you stepped on it no
you should date someone who switched
your memory loss so every time they
would see it he'd be like oh oh I mean I
do love that I want that's why I want
Jason to be every day why can't you do
that for me then every time you see me
go my gosh you're sure okay I thought
let's try it for anything
hey Jason Trisha oh my god where do you
Ben no he means that's who I haven't
seen you in a while no no say oh my god
Trish I missed you oh my god Trisha I
missed you
okay now pretend like you have a five
second memory term loss hey Jason do you
wanna um Jason do you want to go to this
door Jason hi would you get here
I miss you yeah you could say that every
five seconds to me no that sounds insane
there needs to be like I needs to be
like a reasonable calm and like a
reasonable center but we can't just we
can't just always be like tell me how
they tell me let me tell me I love you I
love you I love you brother
like last night I wanted to go to bed
and you kept going hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey I said babe babe babe babe babe
anything I have a headache no I just I
just can't talk about my head I didn't
think you were really in my bed last
night
do you I don't think we're real oh yeah
yeah you asked me it was wrinkled you
like am i real and I was like yeah we're
here um what else are they gonna say by
the way he always for anyone who says
his body language is he always does his
home I start walking like he's totally
fine and then when I stop walking he
literally does have his hands as
laughing like what is it about it when I
step on you like I can't nervous and I'm
like it's not like it look at the body
language nervous so what else that's it
babe babe and then I changed from babe -
Jason I was like Jason Jason and then
you're like they just ignored me I had
to go to sleep I was passed out what are
you doing today I am going to look at
pictures of you all day online mm-hmm
and just sounds good look at you and say
that's my boyfriend then I'm gonna pile
on YouTube and watch some old vines of
yours I'll probably go on iTunes and
rent your movie again good good
and then I'll probably got my mom's and
I'm at the movie over there like those
sausages and then that will probably you
know listen to the podcast on my way
home and then up high tonight look at
more pictures of you Maya Liam bed
number 10 that you're here hmm sounds
like quite the day I'll be um I made a I
made a bunch of spaghetti yeah I'm gonna
make a spaghetti sculpture out of you
and me
yeah and donek Pershing Square down at
downtown LA it's a part of the
revitalization no fuck of downtown LA
it's a Trisha Paytas spaghetti and
meatballs pasta it's a Tricia pasta
spaghetti and meatballs sculpture and
KTLA is going to be down there and
they're gonna interview me a little bit
later so look for it that's why I'm
spending my day I gonna mention me
mention you yeah it's a Trisha pasta
yeah I mean the sculpture out of me
mm-hmm which is all Trisha sculpture the
meatballs obviously you didn't know the
meatballs will be your boobs all these
oh so gonna need a lot of meatball a lot
of meat I have to get a lot of hamburger
meat for that but if my boobs were made
out of a hamburger me I feel like you
would like me better
no maybe no I don't know I don't think
I'd like that what any part you made out
of meat why are we big enough
no you're just like you're nice Kim
you're perfect the way you are
what dumb what else can you tell me
queer Tricia why are you so intense I
love you do
meanwhile you're yelling me for this
angle the other day this is the worst
angle you look good I know Jason's I
always look crazy in Jason's you know
why Jason because I haven't I haven't
been vlogging when you're when you're
cute on your old day I was like
literally so gross that's how we were
like just gonna walk like seven miles no
way it's mine and then that whole day
was like a blog nothing yeah I'm gonna
be so cute on Monday for Cabo you better
be blogging me every second of the day
I'm getting three hours of foreplay we
have to leave we have to 5:30 I'm having
a clam present come to my house at two
o'clock get me beautiful well I um
yeah and then the night before you
looked really good we went to the movies
and I didn't bug you at all you didn't
want me to look ugly on your vlog no no
but it's something else I'll keep in
mind from now on you know the problem
with you is that you love when I start
sentences that way yeah the problem is
the problem this can be your thumbnail
boyfriend boyfriend tells tells me what
the fuck's around with me my daily life
no I'm just kidding no again I'm not
gonna thumbnails the problem with you is
that which isn't a great way to start a
sentence I'm sorry don't get mad if one
of the things that we should work on let
me change my voice let me change my
language
one of the things that would be great
for me if we could work on together and
I am not perfect either okay okay
to create the race a comment they
started to write you're you you have a
knife game no I
I'll try to explain I can't remember it
but is it your your expectation
just have to like you know
like child and here I don't know what
more I can do then be here no but I'm
playing you how much I appreciate I'm
just giving you love I'm not even
fighting arguing with you saying I love
you and you're like stop that I know and
I told you I loved you back at several
times and you're like me you stop this
honey you love me all the time give me
hugs and cuddles with my og is out
terrible my girlfriend am i giving you
love all the time on you how amazing you
are
I didn't say that I just said we sat for
a while and you're like I love you
you're like stay here and I was like
okay okay okay we're good now let's go
let's like let's do something or let's
just talk now you guys I'm talking I
know we don't always have to talk yeah
but you want this like intense talk you
want me to tell you like something like
like bare my soul to you about something
which I will do but like sometimes I
just like to just you know I just feel
like you can just talk about something
surface no one else not a deep secret
olive log to something that nobody knows
about you one time when I was six years
old my family got it a vacation house
for a week at Cape Cod and there was a
there was a another six year old girl
who lived next door and she lived there
all the time and so I would like go out
in the morning with my pail and pick up
like rocks and shells I was like really
proud it was really fun like I used to
like to do that obviously all kids do so
I met her out there once she was doing
the same thing and so we don't get
jealous when I'm telling you a story
right now girl who's six years old that
I was with hey you were when I wasn't
with her I didn't kiss her or anything
but the point is I I was like I was
excited to hang out with her like I
would see her every morning and we would
pick out shells and we got along really
good I don't remember her name and I
remember what she looked like but my
family they ruined it because then they
would they they like saw me with this
girl in the morning they were like Jays
he's got a girlfriend oh my god he's
gotta go over my sister 'father
they you know Dave me they made tons of
funny
well guess what she one afternoon I was
out there and she heard them and that
was it she never came over again
oh yeah there's gonna happen with us no
no I'm not telling the story the story
has nothing to do with you you asked me
to tell you a story from my past so that
was it I wanted a deep thing well oh
okay let me go I killed someone in 1991
and I never told anyone no I don't know
I don't have anything deep is in deep
things about you what I'll write a
one-man show happy in it yeah no I'm
gonna no it's for you to watch and I'll
perform it here in the living room and
you know you'll get some deep things
okay
I'm gonna connect at me um and March
dock 27th and 28th a p.m. tickets are
$45 I'm only selling one ticket it's an
entire one-man show Jesus Christ don't
you respect artists you think artists
they they like they need to eat to
Trisha so I'm gonna write an entire
one-man show for you where I bare my
soul at least pay $45 a cheapskate you
can at least tell me you love me more
than ten times a day
I told you I love you like probably a
hundred times already today and it's
9:30 I love you I love you I love you
love you love you love you love you love
you I love you
there you go okay I'm like a baby and
he's like you're not baby baby
J'son there you go
sounds good sounds good what do you want
me what do you want me to say be with
you forever I'm like in your eyes
forever I'm here I'm here okay I can't
give you this connection that you want
just unrealistic connection I'm here I
love you what's wrong with you today
you're being weird I'm not gonna see you
for 24 hours like I said before did
something happen to your brain yesterday
you guys every time reaching me
something's wrong with your head but
you're very smart which is good so I
know that I got a good thing in front of
me exactly okay can you send a clip of
me staring at you for five minutes I
don't know if I want that out on the
Internet
are you serious alright I'll send it to
you let me watch it no it's my video it
seemed really weird when I watched it
Jason send me a never little crusty
right here not a crusty bit like mascara
um
yeah how do you get all that makeup off
anyway
I make makeup what is it hard to get
offers to come right off I'll start
wearing makeup no makeup we do your face
for you I need it I gotta exercise Trish
I got I got I gotta do something today I
can't I can't sit here all day well you
guys are the last ones here Jason for
the next 36 hours don't know how I will
survive I really am sad about this
you'll be fine
you're gonna come back tomorrow night
yeah you'll be fine you'll be fine
go go um and just go let's go go go go
volunteers you know I got plans a babe I
got big plans - I haven't told you about
my name oh all right well we have big
plans where you going
okay well if you like my sound check you
would feel follow me but you don't
yes I don't know how to open snapchat
find you on there hmm I mean I do I'm
just kidding
well what what okay come on I gotta go
couples therapy is over oh my god I love
you hey guys welcome to a boring vlog
today has a vlog where I don't see daddy
Jason because daddy Jason has priorities
yes priorities but also responsibilities
both
what
okay this is
there are the buzzing in my card you
guys hear that I want to hook it to
service and it's been buzzy ever since I
don't understand why today's gonna be a
boring water no no I'm gonna see my mom
I have a full battery so weird it's like
I have a vibrator in here that I don't
know about yeah there's so much
happening you guys so much happening but
it's so boring so I'm gonna go to pick
up my prescription and then I'm gonna go
cash a check and then I'm gonna go get
dry cleaning and then I'm gonna go see
my mom and workout and go running on it
which I gotta make a reservation for the
middle the day I love Benihana
I love Benihana like I don't think
people understood that could be like but
the gravity of the situation the
severity the the intensity of the
situation for anybody high mountain okay
I've been trying to get daddies and go
to Benihana and the other thing Benihana
like a Chili's or like a PF Changs like
a Buddha back home like if you're in the
Midwest
you probably think those are fine
establishments and that is a fine dearie
oh you know a people are bougie they're
used to like Mastro's and boa and
brunches that toast and
people just you know hmm I'm like sick
um you guys I never followed up on a
mammogram I'm supposed to get done I
just was listening biopsied and I never
followed up with that I was right before
somebody brother and I was scared to go
get this thing tested out because I
didn't want to be sick or know that I'm
sick before he another growth and I
still haven't figured it out say this is
not bump it could be just like a clot
from like surgery or something there's
always drawer there so I'm kind of
nervous have all of those really
oversized sweatshirts on that I'm
wearing as a dress and I have panties
underneath but I don't have leggings or
shorts and I see girls wear this all the
time but I'm kind of second-guessing it
cuz I can feel my bare bum on my socks
there so people just want to get hit I
think all right so here's the first stop
good old CVS pharmacy what prescription
I have to camp you might ask that's none
of your goddamn business
now that's too personal even for myself
I don't know I feel like I share a lot I
don't do sure everything although no
anyway but I wanted to share really cute
text I wanted a screenshot and tweet it
but it was it was so sweet maybe I'll
read it for you guys while I stay on
line to get my prescription from daddy
Jason he sends me these sweetest texts I
just I love him I mean I know I could be
like a lot
I'm an extra person whoa okay I have a
computer and microphones in here and I
ain't never leave them in my car
especially a big pink g-wagen but
like very dangerous parking lot actually
and I'm not being funny I'm very nervous
about
you see what I'm saying
I don't think I can pull it off the some
of those situations where I hate to say
it but all big girls are not created
equal because skinny girls can wear
doesn't get away with it but girls I
think just looks I don't know because
our boobs push it out so it looks like
we're kind of pregnant
hey guys we got the goods
looks like my microphones my computer I
never ever leave my computer anywhere
that was a very risky thing to do your
dad last night okay actually shouldn't
make that joke not that I'm actually
there is always a lion-like
there's these shoe stores here on
Fairfax that I always have so many lions
I don't think this is the one there's
one out there so shout out to the girls
I just met at the bank gosh Erin's are
so boring they're so boring yeah if
there's lime there's always a massive
lime but then they must let them in
about this time because the line always
goes down
oh yeah can you see this I'm buying and
uber obviously picking some people up
always so many people and I don't really
know what for I don't understand I think
that is the store but I think they're
letting people in
but you guys every single day there's
probably like 200 and 300 people that
line up for sneakers if you guys know
what this is on Fairfax help a girl out
Benihana my mom waited an hour with me
and the front does this we seated
we've been waiting I know I can only
things like first names briefly it's
over already
I came and now I'd like on the other
podcast on the way on the way we're
gonna go we have to get to go see Carrot
Top and I feel like that is your
toughest look either you would love to
meet you my mom with me oh yeah
mommy it was going right Benihana was in
New York City and we were tired and
grumpy and hungry then
yeah this is my favorite thing here at
the fire izotova
yeah they say to your friend right and
then how beautiful this is as fried
right
I wish I could have this every neighbor
- no but you are I know I feel like I
haven't filming you eat your first night
Cheers
chicken cumin we want to read it lots of
food here ok guys we're going to target
because I just thought Kelly eat
untreated she got my little pony and
Barbie pajamas at Target she says she
got up at 7 a.m. to get them so I don't
know if these are hot items that people
are getting I don't know if they're at
all the targets I haven't heard of these
but thanks Kylie and for tweeting it
because now I'm really wanting to go get
some so we'll see if they find out I ran
I had to go home and do a bunch of stuff
but these are more important priorities
it was just wrong okay they have a bunch
there's a big Barbie sure these are my
favorite just long a shirt so you can
wear to bed mom mom does not care oh
yeah Minnie Mouse look you guys have my
little pony over here
wake and drink wake up and dream I love
this buy Barbie my little pony under
that mark this is it
Oh Care Bears you can have more I'm
gonna step oh there's a Brian for when I
get married mrs. always right I love
that look at the cute little Valentine's
esurance cute me there's more II think
this is it I'm ready at something I just
thought
see if there's any over this way I know
well I might come back and get these but
I'll see if there's anything more down
this way you guys look at all these
pajamas I'm so happy with gaming here
cuz I live in pajamas so I got a bunch
of new spring ones I got this is super
cute we were talking about how we hate
see patters day and I ended up being
this pinch me hope is proof it says and
then the cute little shorts and then I
ended up getting the My Little Pony
these all have like pants with them
these were so cute this just shrimp
cocktail party and their shrimps holding
cocktails I guess seeing that so cute
and then I got the extra sleep with the
egg pants I've always wanted egg pajama
pants always these to have these unders
news channel and I got the two Barbie
ones wake up and dream and then the
Barbies shirt I might you have to do a
video trying all these are pretty rooms
so unimpressed yeah
no yeah yeah just not that asleep shirt
it's going on
