good morning guys um I'm vlogging I
don't know everyone a vlog every day but
we don't have him back without vlogging
style I had it before blog miss where I
couldn't feel me like butts in my day
cuz sometimes I feel like they'll Ming
like right now I feel like filming I'm
not to get my eyelash extensions done so
I went home and cleaned off all my
makeup on my eyes the best I could
I sent my bar fighter jets to I'm not
gonna lie I really really love it and if
people would have compared obviously its
iconic Pamela Anderson but if people
didn't compare to Pam and she didn't
have it I would actually like wanna
maybe get a real barbed wire tattoo I
know it's like so 90s and got a little
trashy but I mean it's that's mean
basically I really like it I feel pride
I feel cool cos Pam has it I don't know
if I'd feel cooler I just had on my own
but I wish I had a spot to film with you
guys in this car I'm in like that and
it's just like really a spot this guy
look at me that I should like I gotta go
when I get my lashes done sore so what
does this look too much like a
sunglasses and the Hat it's like I have
a booth short shorts and a tank top on I
literally look like Pam Anderson today
Pam I understand like ate a lot of
cheeseburgers and french fries but that
I mean I don't cook my head like my fake
self I want to be a little more slim
book right now I'm just thick thick with
the CK and not a cc and I'm gonna go in
this guy is making me very uncomfortable
and I don't know what he's doing when
he's partying comfortable just recording
I can't see but this is that I could see
what it's like what you're saying to be
honest
no sir I'll show you guys my OGD I think
it probably failed firstly my gonna be
my go-to outfit I feel so
well yesterday it's so warm I feel so
much I'm here I feel so comfortable I
feel like they like it kind of in the
jamol's to be honest
something she would actually
him
oh wow
and literally literally an insane person
start lash extensions guys no eyelashes
so we got the island I look so Gracie
whoa
I washed my face like a bunch day too um
but I got my lashes done and I look sick
they look so poppin she's so good like
I've gone to star lash for like I don't
know like seven months down and I'm not
gonna lie
like
so nine was the text I'm not good like
my lashes have fallen out I don't know
every other tag on has sucked but like
it's like a big place to go in LA cuz
like Kylie and blah blah blah goes there
whatever but J Rhonda who's been doing
mine for the past like four months kills
it every time like if I if I can't get
her or like someone else like I
shouldn't if she can't come in to work
in someone else to replace her like I
can't go to her so you go to South right
I can't go to anyone else because like
she kills it they stay in all the time
she's so good at it junior honest
eyelashes entrance oh if you guys go to
star laughs definitely pick J Ron I took
my mom my sister to two other people
like I kinda hate saying this but like
I'm just giving my my little yelp review
like their lashes fell out it wasn't
like good and it's not necessarily like
a lash tech fault to make it a kid
should be glue they're using whatever
the case but junior on her glue her
technique she's quick she's fast she
gets him in she looks she like kills it
so go to Jay ROM at Star lash it's bomb
so anyways I'm gonna meet my mom not
first and food at Cheesecake Factory
I've to drop off some stuff for my
Poshmark I did a video for Poshmark
actually I've been telling on posh for a
while and they actually wanted to do a
sponsored video and I I never like I was
like oh yeah of course but anyways I was
like I posted it post the video not
thinking anything of it because I felt
like people knew about my fashion
Poshmark and this is not sponsored by
the way and I wasn't like everything
sold out on there so I said mom I have a
ton of clothes to sell we got storage
units clothes and it's all pretty cheap
on there too so so my mom helps me sell
all that and stuff like that so if a lot
of sometimes you last like if I can sign
stuff it's not like that it's literally
just a place to sell my clothes so my
mom's ship smile like it's just so I
have to deal with it you know what I
mean so it's just that would just not
extra work it's actually I would like
everyone at mine doing it she's like
it's literally just to get rid of stuff
and that's kind of I don't really
promoted that much either because it's
like I don't
don't be like oh it's because I owned it
or whatever because it's just cheap
stuff you know what I mean so I'm sorry
that I can't I guess I signed everything
we sold like oh my god I just do
signings up all the time in like like I
said I don't mind it and I'm
appreciative of you guys like doing it
it's just like obviously if my mom
wasn't helping me I won't even be
something my clothes cuz that's just
time consuming in something that just is
it's just a lot that I just don't have
time for so I hope you understand that
sorry that's not like rude or whatever I
didn't want it to be rude
I was just saying like people are asking
my mom's like can you design these
things to my mom if I could come over
everyday to you and do that like I would
just sell the stuff myself you know what
I mean but it's just I just hope you
understand
anyways I do appreciate you guys buying
this up like like I said I don't really
push it or promote it cuz like it's I
really didn't same thing like at my eBay
I definitely I've never talked about
that it's like I just kind of want the
stuff gone I don't want it to be like a
thing or like people scamming me or I
don't know you know what I mean but like
I said I'm appreciative and I'm glad it
goes to people who do watch me like I
think that's actually really cool
someone tweeted me and like a jumpsuit
they bought from my partner I thought
that was it's cool it's you guys were my
clothes I'm not gonna lie cuz you know I
get over my clothes but like I love I
love like I love like thrifty stuff like
I've gotten like Christian Dior glasses
like I had a secondhand shop and stuff
so like they always say like someone's
trash is another person's treasure and I
think that's cool so thank you guys and
I'm glad you're rocking it and loving it
so
all right we're gonna have to just get
back to me I mean I ran into drew too
true was I was where I literally was
walking out stylish and he was walking
to the movies they gave him write movies
I loved her I miss him we're gonna go do
something in San Diego together soon I'm
really excited so crazy I was gonna vlog
but I was just like shocked and like I
love I love drew so much so I think we
get each other a lot all right
cheesecake at the Cheesecake Factory the
Cheesecake Factory is to always come to
so many memories a Shane crystal love
and Cal who I still don't know just
chaos mean I just don't talk to him um
try not to be mean in 2018 I don't like
being mean I don't like it I doesn't
make me feel good anymore you something
to feel good felt like I was like
stabbing it at people but it just made
me feel good I don't know maybe that's
age but anyways right on the beach so
pretty I'm waiting for my mom
not popping today really cute no one's
out it's actually a lot chillier up here
well I guess marina I guess it could I
use my jacket time I love this area I
really really want to move back here
Christmas so good you guys we've had a
cheat day yesterday but it wasn't that
big of a cheat day because I was really
drunk and I couldn't eat that much so we
had a little bit of she did today to and
then go back to my tactics I did already
much see kids I'm like I don't I don't
think I want kids if maybe I'm just
saying that cuz I'm bitter that I can't
really have kids but I don't think
just wait oh there's my mom hey
girlfriend
that's good timing I just went down to
look I was good timing I just went down
to look at the yeah are you ready
Thanks so tan with that spray tan you're
so tan looks like you just got back from
the Bahamas or something so we were
gonna I thought about El Torito put
these chicken nachos just take the cake
here so but cheesecake factory nachos
these are everything kind of like a
little Corinth of cookies but that's
okay we like it all done it's just my
new favorite appetizer I mean I love
this but I haven't ordered it and so
long mom I got to try these they're
fullness sucker that white meat it's
boneless spicy you know I generally
usually order these but I forgot about
these these just they're so good
you buddies look at this funny yeah
it's Bailey and she's a prom and she's
so soft so cute she got her little bunny
and her little poop
let's go girls
yeah come here here come right by me
okay you guys so daddy Jason took me on
date night vlog until I be in the bed
know your Browns likes and I'm bet well
we went on a date me and Jason and we
ended up with everybody here forever
she's my favorite beautiful it's okay
Wow yeah oh
did you see the vlog with my brother and
that agency hey I don't look um hey guys
so I'm ending the vlog once again in the
new warning um I woke up with a mess of
hay I always like really hungover I
didn't feel that drunk I literally had
two drinks I got so drunk I woke up
hungover but I have a bunch of stuff to
do today I probably won't vlog today but
I wanted to say goodbye I hope you
enjoyed the vlog from yesterday because
that's edit that now one in the middle
of editing it sighs oh I don't have an
outro so but you guys once again for
watching I just want to say bye and
thank you guys because I really do
appreciate you guys watching so just
want to say thank you and um yeah I want
to say I'm definitely not that blob
shame I don't know we'll see if you see
me in this much in the next vlog that
means I decided to vlog but anyway a lot
of guys thumbs up if you like these
blogs they're kind of going back to
daily vlogs all of a sudden I feel like
I'm really busy
ooh I just had GG got these same nails
whoa I don't think she got him cuz like
I got him but I'm singing that crazy
look up who nails at the same time crazy
hi guys hope you enjoyed the fuck I'll
see you see Alex in her kisses mellow
issues
hi guys
