hey y'all alright I have workout clothes
today I'm actually going to work out so
bag of the day is my bag that says rich
you see rich ass
oops s um I haven't actually really cute
outfit on today but y'all can see X I'm
sitting on my booty um but I've been
snapchatting I've been stopped writing
so much today oh my gosh today is the
day G follow me on snapchat but you will
have already seen it but sex is fun but
blocking is one too so don't think
because I snapchat I don't block my blog
so more like I said long-winded you know
stream-of-consciousness and like snaps
are literally just like my snaps I know
I said have a fourth page I'll be right
there but you know what I mean steps
orders can like whatever but they're fun
like I always snap when I feel like it's
not vlog worthy I'm always like this
stuff let me just add this look it's not
worthy of applause but then people
really like my snaps and today miss mu
was on point so I PI it will include
some snaps at some point that's
beginning of this or something like that
because they were kind of really funny
today we did like a whole we were trying
to do like the crowd the Kardashians do
like this whole story baby we try to do
it like but it was like not play I'm
like weirdest at the post office and
really freaking bored waiting for the
packages because it was like we were
taking forever to give our packages we
want that's always and so hey-zeus is
just like oh my lips just like snap you
like a Snapple story and then when I was
coming I think wait let me snap you
coming out wait let me give you a heart
it was so much fun but we're so dumb
absolutely like yeah anyways um
they're filming today at Gamestop haha
I'm camera-ready do you want me in a
commercial let me just roll down my
window keys they notice me that's what
happens in Elliot duh
you have to get them to notice you oh
hey Boop as if I'm not noticeable enough
in a big pink g-wagen let me just not
here's myself anymore actually um but
yeah I don't have a really good mood
today
I didn't I'm doing yes I told you're
gonna go work out I don't know what the
Lighting's better that way yeah I'm
going to go uh not work out well is
because it's dancing but I have to look
in here and make a blonde like what okay
I was filming something else this
morning but anyways bubble vlog is the
point Trisha um I am going to my first
rehearsals of my music video which is
shooting just keep in mind everybody
when you watch my music video keep in
mind we only have two days to learn
these dance sequences sequences plural
I'm a little nervous I'm a little
nervous for two reasons one I'm working
with a new choreographer obviously I'm
really said I've never done a dance
video with this guy but we're actually
gonna be dancing in the video I want how
we ended up meeting as I did reach out
to him to do dance with you and we still
are going to do him but it kind of was
this music video has been in the making
for a while let's just put it that way
it's been in the making for quite a
while
things happened someone pulled out and
you know it's like it's like it is what
it is because it's gonna turn out even
better um but I was kind of in a pinch
it's kinda like what the fuck and I
can't just it's hard for me to fake
chemistry with people that I'm not it
was pi sums bags I was gonna have fun
with plum idea but it's not that it's
like I have to be attract them in
sometimes while and not everybody I've
danced with is like my physical cup of
tea
I want I'd physically be attracted to it
like there is something we have a
connection at some point we're using
dance together we have a personality
connection like there's always something
that I'm drawn to to those people which
creates that chemistry when you dance
because for me anyways I'm not a
naturally gifted actress or dancer
so I have to have already some sort of
passion to feel there so when I came to
music video time like god this is going
to be really hard to find someone who I
feel
not to to in a way you know what I mean
like not none I'm not dating nothing
like that but just connections and I
think that's really important so when I
met this guy to do like a dance video
and I liked it was like it's this like
spark this click in my head I was like
this feels this feels cool like he had a
really cool vibe this feels cool I was
like and I kinda just went on a limb
because I've never I've never kept like
a stenographer or dancers or anything
like that ever like I've never done that
like it's always been through production
and so I just something when he was like
this feels cool this feels like classic
hey have you ever choreographed music
videos were like I don't got these why
like why chest music questions but
anyways long story short it has team
analog before I'm very excited um I will
try and blog today I forget sometimes
like I get I get so sidetracked dancing
I literally do I feel like there's
always a lot of stuff happening when I'm
dancing but I will try and talk today
but he is so so cool and I'm so excited
so he was down he's like okay let me
think let me make sure I have enough
time to do all this so let his schedule
was like super busy and we were like a
week out from shooting so he's like let
me see if any literally types
understands like I'm in I'll do it and I
actually really just asked him to be the
choreographer but I sent him the
breakdown on the video and he's like hey
if you don't have a male lead like I'll
do that too and because you know I kind
of explained the situation home kind of
a pinch and like the choreographer was
original supposed to be the lead - and
so it was really nice and um when you
see the video you'll see why like I
didn't want to like cast anyone myself
because it may seem like I'm trying to
like play reverse casting couch like oh
it's be very sexual in this video so so
that's why didn't I don't ever like cast
videos myself because I want people
everything I'm like hitting on them so I
was trying like we get you know whatever
cuz I'm not but you know I don't know
it's just like a paranoia thing so he
offered I was like yeah actually that
would be freaking amazing because he's
so cool and so good-looking and I was
just like and so nice like such a nice
person he's so legit I am just so nice I
just love I love nice people
I honestly niceness gets you everywhere
with me
if someone is just so nice I don't care
what you look like I don't care about
what you do anything with money right
nothing if you're nice I'm looking it
down for you for the count like I'm
fucking down you know what I mean
because there's so many not nice people
or just fake people to fake nice but
those genuinely nice people
I get really and he's from Illinois my
home state so you know Midwest vibes so
I don't know I just had a really good
feeling about all of it and might end up
working out really really great and then
he knew two other cancers that are
brand-new dancers for the video that are
tall and sexy meant is so everything is
like working out actually for the best
and it's one of those things once again
where everything everything happens for
a reason like the things work out
exactly the way they were meant to work
out everything so I have to learn that I
have to learn to trust that when things
or people leave your life
there is a reason I'm fucking people
literally just like cutting across okay
anyways but
I have to remember that when things get
really bad in my life or when I start
feeling like the whole world is against
me like I have to have to remember like
this is all gonna work out everything's
gonna work out fine and it is I'm really
excited once again because when it all
went to shit the first time this video
not gonna lie I was devastated because I
was excited for the concept the song and
you know as soon as we got all squared
away that you know I could still use the
song and you know do the concept and you
just have to move on move forward with
it and I was like you know I'm so
excited about this and I worked really
hard on this long and songs they used to
be easy for me to make say I'm not gonna
lie these to be very easy I'll go in I
knew this guy was like machine did it a
couple hours he'd get the other day the
same day not a bad method it works for
my songs but now I'm working with a
variety of people and a team of people
that are really dedicated to this and
really dedicated to the craft their own
craft just having their name on
something they want to make it as good
as as they can make it and it's not just
about a paycheck and to me everyone
staring at my board oh my god there's
Johnny Depp oh my god you guys literally
Batman though huh
justly no two guys are driving your
channel I love you is it done two guys
the one on the west coast costume yeah
they are my friends and I saw that they
had a visit the car yeah oh my god yeah
this is it
yeah oh thank you um
scared the SH out of me I like their
sign up anyways what you see at
Hollywood Boulevard but anyways um he
said love my YouTube videos what like
what crazy ah so shout out I should have
tipped them that's what you do you have
to tip them or I'm taking pictures too
I don't know what I was talking about I
don't know that makes me happy
I'm telling you my car and people just
being happy around it makes me makes me
happy being that I'm a weirdo I'm weird
at this booth I just I am um but anyway
so this traffic ain't no joke either mmm
yep that's That's Life that's life in a
nutshell and I'm just excited about this
music video good you guys I'm really am
I just wanted to do oh and the songs and
just I just it takes a while to make a
song out for me I don't just go in for a
couple hours one day and it's done I go
back I work on things we change things
and it's a lot of work so I'm happy that
you guys can hear this song and
everything is squared away with the
writers of the song so everything's
approved
everything's logistical II there and
thank God because it is a
I just technically cover so anyways oh
my god so many people say I got the car
make me so happy but I'm like so not
used to it because it's so busy on
Hollywood Boulevard today hey everyone
if you're like the cars a celebrity um
give them a rolled up my window for
Batman and Johnny Depp don't you that
guy's well do it for the real Batman
enjoyed I've done do it for them I think
they're probably nice that guy was
really nice joined it was nice the
Batman was a little well cry nice though
okay
take your sweet time y'all okay but tell
me why I looks like I'm sponsored by
Nike today
like literally Nike Panther Nike she's a
Nike do not plan that this is target the
shot underneath let me show y'all real
quick there's like a booby shirt
underneath if you want to flaunt the
girls but it's cold right now it's
chilly that's what when I have it start
dancing but I literally like hey I work
for Nike come visit me that's a fucking
grow y'all but we're in studio e my
favorite studio just waiting for my
dance partner but you love my hair today
I'm gonna get all sweaty but it was so
pretty good matte makeup though those
lashes though that's it them got my
boots that I am going to be wearing for
the video so I don't know how I should
practice in there so these like leather
boot things happen another look at my
bag and yeah
kind of what we are doing since I'm
dancing and I got a woman find stuff for
the video like pack stuff and then
tomorrow getting the roots Jack's
everyone on Instagram skills or ribs are
a little bad no I gotta get them Daniel
but waiting for my dance partner all
right guys we just finished who for her
salute ah that was ha that tough-talking
and a lot of dancing and a lot of rope
tying a lot of rope tying that's to be
seen you will see it it's gonna be
everything in him without a shirt
hello bodies so shy you are you're not
he is going to be this is officially my
lead and love interest for my music
video and I'm so excited and my
choreographer see we do that really well
I was that was that faking it are you
sure okay I love it and you guys didn't
even last long everyone complains I'm
like you know what the time for the
block I am yeah I'm back I've been kind
of low-key about him but now we're here
so soon hey guys go and get my roots
done finally today and update I think
this pimple might be flat by tomorrow I
don't want to jinx myself but fingers
crossed I I've been putting that Mario
Badescu drying lotion on it I like
sleeping on it overnight and it soaks in
overnight and I think it's working
I was good makeup tomorrow I think it'll
be completely covered so anyways Beverly
Hills
here we go in this really cool elevator
Madonna shirt on even I don't know da
this reminds you Holly
when your car is not the nicest car you
know you're in Beverly Hills Gucci
clothes oh so sexy and I'm so greasy
she's got my roots done no I should
answer ourselves always the busiest
right before a music video shoot let's
go
