hi guys we're trying this place mask
answers we made it to interest this is
the follow-up date so I'm posting the
swingers we like reviewed separately so
if you haven't seen a link below but we
had a tour deal getting breakfast so now
we're at Canter's and so far sir because
the Federation has a crew yeah we've
never been here before it's nice very
like
so I'm loving these all this glasses I'm
a greater share a super cute in science
very like retro I feels like wet hair to
know it again souvenir like we're
tourists themes even though we live down
the street so Cali improves at this
restaurant know she appears at the
surface of Mars I love them
we'll let you know if anything major
happens stuff we just want some food so
we're happy with any service at this
point is that bad there will look at me
some time getting our matching breakfast
little healthy over there
first of all that looks sponsored and my
moms like and we're having a job do you
like present right into brie cheese for
music producers and I got the white one
for myself
hey guys we made a target got some
sports bras some dresses some sweaters
and pants how I shot my favorites my
brother from another mother from another
mother's what daddy didn't get different
daddy like actually maybe a different
daddy and Ray my other brother
hey that's by the evening my cupcake I
got them cupcakes in nobody likes carrot
cake do not mean nobody to need some
cupcake man what are you doing it no
one's character man with your hand
no man hey how is it going you think
it's good I love this is my favorite I
think so far I think that you know a
divalent entities daddy Here I am best
friend in the whole world
bestie sorry buddy yeah no yeah ok how
many Bessey's do you have though oh
that's one two three okay you got a lot
of busting is 30
oh because I'm one of them thank you you
look like oh I love you oh he's
literally you're literally family man
got the same daddy same daddy daddy
different mama no I think we the same
mom we both look like I'm wrong because
you're pretty
we family
Tricia's wait what what have you saying
they give me too much criticism so I say
incident before I give you criticism
what he say I got all my chances with me
no time are you coming Tom go what about
those
when I said why don't you want to give
us is 'm oh good job hey everyone
why didn't snap shots got my nails done
in my dad's dump truck and I just got my
eyebrows done yeah I saw this huge balls
it I haven't even touched it I've been
trying to hope it would just go away
because I have a music video in a daze
and um just snap track ah yeah I just
got my nails done because they were so
bad I've never let me else go that long
but because I had a music video
oh my god I look I do not do my hair but
because of my music video I wanted it to
wait like icicles occurred to my music
video Dave I'm a Trisha on YT and I'm
vlogging big poop dude why did I hate
that one does that is it not and I just
took a picture oh okay let's write it
just got my nails done finally and I'm
longing that's got my nails done up
finally all right here we go there we go
oh my god with snapchat now I feel like
a crazy person whenever I do anything
people probably think I'm crazy going to
eat Oh George a picture oh oh wait and I
got a flock I like I just love doing it
I love doing it all that's the thing I
mean sometimes like you did nothing
snapchat I just love doing it
and I do have my Metallica share it on
from Topshop and I'm excited for today
today is going to be a fun day it's
gonna be a really busy day because not
have to run but for some lingerie for
the video I have a lot of my outfits
most my outfits being custom-made but
like though like bed scenes are like
lingerie and obviously that's easy to
get so I'm just gonna go to to lingerie
store as one's like a really like sexy
specialty lingerie store called trashy
lingerie and the other one is called
Janette bras which has like fitted bras
for big bust and I love them so I'm
gonna go to both because either way I
gotta get bras that fit me because my
bras I have like three bras from Janette
bras that fit me so good like so perfect
and they're so comfortable like I'm like
oh this is what this is what a probably
fit like so I'm gonna go there anyways
and there's actually one on Melrose
which is great because the one I went to
was like la la so that is what I'm doing
today and then Angel haters are gonna
come by to help me decorate for my
birthday which my birthday is well it's
less than a week away now but um well I
have all the speaks amis for you I
haven't learned the dance yet which I'm
a little freaked out about because I'm a
quick learner but like I just really
want to make sure I know this and I
don't want to fuck it up for music video
and they're ugly no mirrors or anything
I really really really want to you know
do this oh my god so funny there's
swingers cafe you guys remember when I
did the
the review that was swingers out there
when I get the worst review ever which
everyone that's so manly oh my god
you're so entitled no like I'm not
entitled I just it's so funny if you
guys were actually there in the
situation I was the one who was just
very Chell like let's just order let's
just eat like not a big deal like but my
mom and my sister especially because
they aren't and especially my sister cuz
she works in like they both work
restaurants but because they were going
to Tippecanoe really upset and obviously
I wasn't even that upset until he asked
us to like move I just thought that was
like so rude like one's already seated
and you have your drinks it's like I
mean the whole thing was kind of like
rude and fell off well we're not doing
this we never anyways it wasn't I'm
sorry it goes offended but I was like
with this royal bitch I guess it was a
rant like I rant like people you know
it's a service review I wasn't like
coming out my life's over like let's all
kill ourselves over this it was just
more like annoying and we got over that
shit real fun but yeah that is what I'm
doing well I know a lot of YouTube other
roots I know I gotta get my roots them
figure that out this week too but again
waiting close to the video as possible
just so there's 0 roots because roots
start coming back I mean even slightest
bit like a few days so I try and do it
like v-day before
and yeah I'm really excited okay say
what go to help me decorate for
everything yeah it's all pink theme so
we're just gonna like party studies like
you know keeping it simple like I said I
keep it simple this year which is great
cuz it's not stress on me it's not
stress on anyone else all my friends are
so chill and cool that I'm like not even
worried about I'm willing I mean I'm
always worried about like wow this is
gonna be fun it's gonna be entertaining
you know cuz in the past I was just
brought karaoke a photo booth and that
was entertaining fart out words but
whatever I mean it's a birthday party so
it's just like cake food booze you know
and so crazy it's like my first adult
birthday party I'm so excited about it
so yeah we're decorating cuz like I said
this week's gonna be crazy and the music
videos Friday Saturday my birthday's on
Sunday so just kind of get it all all
worked out I might be repeating myself
but for those who want to know what
these sunglasses were I think this one's
a eyes that's nothing I'm on not being
myself but these are Porsche I actually
had them why do I go and Marina del Rey
but I mean I'm sure they're still online
or you can always find them somewhere oh
okay I literally thought I was like
waving to them huh so yeah so that's
what we're doing and Chandra is coming
up excited it's a really cool story like
they're really kind of weird about
filming inside there but
we'll see how this goes but is it more
specialty lingerie so I don't know if
I'm gonna find what I'm looking for in
here but it's on the way to shop bras so
we're stopping neighborhood edible
arrangements has a storefront let's uh
young a lot of bull arrangements busiest
street ever oh yes
enter in front boom my car matches so
perfectly maybe I'm the first come my
car matches that wall it's so funny
Tokyo I think so
grungy and edgy today with my mainstream
Topshop italica shirt no really when you
rush up to top shop good not listened to
Metallica me included
so cute
it's on La Cienega and Beverly
24 we are shopping party yeah oh I'm
reading is good drink please
all pink so this is update we got two
parts down now because we have all of
our pink goodies we got little props for
like of the photos if you don't wear
pink I can always take a pink item so
fun party city is so exciting
we're the one in those please it's huge
alright guys now we are at Costco we got
lots of foods for the party that black
has lots of champagne delight look how
big those are cheap - those are like 69
champagne I'm a cheap pitcher to come
out cause I was drink all of those in
one night by myself so I don't need the
fancy kind although I do drink it they
got the easy cookies are really really
good ok we are in the process of getting
this party started mirror is the Happy
Birthday sign we had to put it up there
because he said that it looks a little
kiddush if you put it like a right when
you walk in so it's up here it's more
classy right everything's classy trashy
with me and these are all the props we
got we had our own helium balloon they
said that they knew how to do it I'm
like I'm nervous but there's that
there's our little props and we moved
our furniture
day one this is fun now it's all pink
and now we're putting that up and then
in here we moved everything around
it's like a little wedding a little
dance floor we gotta figure out okay I
forgot the music but speaker to banyan
since all our booths over there so much
