hey guys so I just finished filming and
as Patricia Vidya I'm so excited I love
this video so much I gave all my energy
into it um I got my glam done tonight we
are going to see you Chicago so Ava came
over was like I want your hair to show
over there of course who else would I
get to do my hair so he came over and
did this from me and then all of us are
going out my mom usually hazers they are
like literally my la family they're my
everything I mean my family isn't like
but they're like my second family there
they are my family they're not even
singer they are I can they don't do
anything for them and I went through
some clothes I just got in the mail
that's like a really cute dress I should
like maybe like a 4000 the notebook hair
with this dress that you guys will see
the dress dress as well I got her this
little black fringy thing to kind of
match me and so yeah I'm wearing just
like this like maroon oh my god you guys
okay so why is it I never wear pantyhose
but why is it so low I mean again we
dress like up but is that supposed to be
like thought that low I don't I don't
know okay see now that I'm looking at it
it almost looks like it's being bunched
up right here but I don't know like
that's not sexy oh my god I mean my so
unsexy panty how is what scene ooh that
sexier okay oh hey boys welcome to
something really love panty hose I need
you to turn on my opinion I haven't worn
them
I can see what the trout is but I miss
ya so I drank a little bit of white wine
with my apple juice because I have
enough apple juice um I'll just want her
down with some white wine or water it up
rather so that's what I'm doing
tonight and I'll bring Islam um I know
it's kind of like on boring when I go
out to the shows because you just can't
really see the show um but I'll try and
give a review of it brandy isn't it and
my girl what is my make up what's the
time Ari my girl let's turn her makeup
tonight like what Oh like coincidental
that right well I guess not microphones
it is a light but that's happen I can't
wait to see the boys office they always
blow me with his outfits they're
literally it might make my new
boyfriend's like they let me be in their
third wheel all the time I love them so
much oh and I think someone's here now
all right we made it to Maggiano's
finally after that uber ordeal there was
so many uber cannot find us it was thank
you so much you were great other ubers
there's my other dates for the night
Angela Hayes is going into my young raw
hungry we're all like Barbies we're all
fishing in heaven yeah they're like
we're going in right now BlackBerry's oh
they're so cute
yeah we're inside
what are you are that alright y'all this
is our first course we have our fried
cheese our calamari of our wine
literally our first course of the day
the day of the whole day and in my first
meal of the day
oh my gosh it's like our like last
supper together I got date number one
little mommy over here I got date number
two my handsome angel who looks so
debonair today you like a movie star and
then we have Devin there and then we
have our very sexy and styluses
fashionista in the group tonight he's is
because he has his fat at the Spencer
everything you're a little shooting
everything its Tokyo I don't know yeah
we'll do a flop it of the day we have a
chandelier from ma√±ana look at ask yay
oh hey mommy that Paul's a fair enough
for the show so we're are starving so
we're gonna eat but I want to show you
guys what we ate first to document this
all right guys you know what I got I got
that chicken farm about that for a
little fettuccine Hayes's and I are
always matching with our food choices
then chicken piccata chicken piccata
over there with the best money you know
that if you like a lemony flavor
delicious
gonna get crushed pepper yeah yeah and
they look so cute and I'm still Mexican
I like everything like so we wouldn't
get our red pepper is spicy every big
how do you like your chicken parm um
it's actually amazing I'm more spicy a
little more spice Reva a diva I love it
that's somebody somebody and then why
I'm talking to you guys but no he lied
about how they eating cheers to the
little fishies oh yeah Cheers that we do
this year I would enjoy down here okay
so Cheers
this year to the fishy fishy
there we go over there you guys this is
all goes pump real a butter cake
this is tiramisu this is Apple and this
is too good I think yeah yummy yum yum
okay with the day we made it to Chicago
people are waiting to be let in come the
boys it looks like you guys are added
reward show getting out of there yeah no
this is the photo to use up everyone's
full outfit do a little spin everyone
spin it woo oh yes here there so on
point
with you contagious
with my little days was escorting me we
are like a little Hollywood couple with
actually before the Oscars now and now
arriving on the carpet at the Met Ball
right somewhere better at the Met and
angel with short hair everyone look at
this this is so chrono there's the bun
okay Davis that we are in a row this is
a song in the beautiful an earring
favorite theater if you guys ever in LA
oh I would love to see Trish there's no
I'm usually always at the Pantages I
know my mom was an analyst has good
what's it
that's jeans so much fun having my mom's
watching chance every gentleman
I would never long as that wishing today
I really miss no work that was some junk
but I'm having fun here with Fred night
with my favorite my family we familia
I'm sure I'm half Mexican now because I
see them near families I mean familia
honorary think yeah
Mexico City I knew it that's out words
oh you know why I always wanted to be a
different because I wasn't gonna be like
exotic like collabed well you know more
culture yeah
just more anything even Christian
Aguilar is like half since we had a
great yeah Oh like a little bit of a
little bit of flavor from I wish I had
people think I was I was thought I'd
always like lie about it I do which is
Davis hey Ted like foreheads no instead
of today Ned it's like bad not bite
selfish up at hand
hahaha
