good morning everyone I'm off to work I
feel like I should have a cup of coffee
and a stainless steel mug um that's not
work it's I feel like it though it's
very cool it's a very cool feeling to I
mean if you're self-employed you
probably know that well you maybe I
don't know yeah if you're self-employed
you probably - work from home working
the depth it kind of gets like you kind
of feel like sometimes your life's a
little out of control because you don't
have like a schedule and you're kind of
like you sometimes I feel like I'm just
kind of floating and kind what am i
doing in life like some days I'll just
wake up and I'll talk to Angel and I'm
like hey want to go to a movie at like
10:30 out on Monday morning like and
you're just like this is not really like
I should be more productive and more
focused you know what I mean and there
is something to be said about getting up
and going oh nothing is on my screen and
going to like a location where like
other people are around and you're all
working towards the same goal of doing
something and accomplishing something I
don't know I probably sound like I'm on
crack and I like the people I don't get
about I was a shame to see other day
like last night actually we went out to
eat afterwards because we were the last
two people there basically inside with
the crew and stuff like that but um so
when I see and I was telling him I was
like there's so there's like a certain
energy um because you know everyone in
the space bother me
parent there's a good dirty spot my
makeup is not on fleek today and I have
blood in my hair cell because I'm
getting bloody again today I think so I
just like not even bother washing it
hopefully we'll come out fingers girls
not gonna stay in my hair with blood but
I won't worry about that later
um but I was saying like it's like a
different energy like you know what hang
out with George oh and Daniel Jean all
the time but like being on like a set
with them we're like there's a crew and
there's like energy involved and like
people are excited and you know there's
like adrenaline and people are getting
killed and like it's like we're working
on like this movie and it's like a
really cool thing cuz like we're all
together on like this common this common
goal this common project to make like a
really great like short film for shame
and I don't know I think it's just a
different energy I don't really know how
to explain it but even when I saw you
know as soon as I saw drew he's the
first person I saw it was just
immediately like just excitement and
just I don't know just you could feel
like like fix the energy I guess I don't
know what a house to describe like the
adrenaline or something and it was just
really fun and exciting and I just I was
smiling the whole time and then I saw
Shane and it was just you know I don't
know it's just it's a different you know
of course we were just hanging out like
post-mining you're not gonna be like oh
I know this is so exciting you know I
mean it is exciting but I don't know
anything I'm fucking crazy but even this
morning we were tweeting I thought
Daniel - like headed to set day - of a
nice - - does like and then he's like
see ya I was like oh yeah this is so
cool like getting to see your friends
and then working on something great and
it just feels productive to me like I
don't know my man here I'm fuckin crazy
yes like I know I'm really am crazy but
I don't know it was just a lot of oh my
god it was oh my god I'm so much I
cannot I couldn't vlog like too much of
my scene because
there was too much to give away so I
kind of just following Shane's cue
whatever he gives away or whenever the
trailer goes out where he posed I kind
of just like posed to UM because he
might almost spoil if you think it's
actually really good and my scene I'm
really excited about I love it um yeah
actually scenes uh because I'm coming
back today
so there's that but my main thing I'm
really excited about and I'm just I felt
really cool to be a part of it and I
really really like I don't know it was
really fun cuz you know visit me because
I'm about I don't even brush my hair
there was like blood in it like these
extensions are getting around for sure
um we guys know if you guys follow my
blogs from way back in the day I used to
like pretend I was in like horror movies
all the time like if I'm in like um like
a parking garage I'll like pretend like
you're being chased or like showers or
there was what my sister and I did we
got so long like five years ago call
like how to survive a horror movie or
something if you're a blonde with big
boobs it was like so badly and it not
edit so it's like all one taken it's all
like really pretty weird um but I just I
love like this kind of stuff like I
always thought we got I want to be in a
horror film and so like just probably
the coolest thing that I've done like I
don't know it's so cool I'm excited so a
lot of fun everyone is really cool and
I'm really excited to go back today and
yeah I didn't get my makeup done today
because um
I don't give away the first thing but
the other ones I'm going to be bloody on
my face anyway so haha so I need to be
beautiful to just be there just be
bloody bloodied up but yeah life is good
life is good I was treating really a lot
of positivity this morning and I feel
very positive this morning I guess I
really need a man you know
you know I'm I think we need to all
recognize me included because well you
know me especially I should say we all
need to recognize like the blessings we
already have in life because I'm going
to assume who I think I always need more
and want more like I need I need a
boyfriend I need to be married I need to
have kids and I need to do all this it's
like yeah it's good to have blondes and
you know goals and all that so like that
but and but something especially like
that that you can't control
you should really realize that you you
are you do have so many blessings
already and I need to remind myself at
this so so much more than I do
I live such a fun life it's not always
easy I said us I'm country my life is
not always easy and most of my problems
lie internally within me a very very
much so um but I do have a really fun
life and even my internal struggles I
honestly honestly wouldn't even try that
because it makes me who I am which I
consider myself to be a very
compassionate person I don't really care
what the internet thinks as I think I'm
racist and homophobic and hate certain
people based on sexuality gender race
whatever like I don't really care
because I know that's not who I am like
I have compassion for every single human
being on this earth like I do because of
my own deep-rooted struggles and
insecurities and paranoia and you know
I'm so so fucked up that I would be the
last person to judge
she judge anyone for anything
muscle something that you're born with
you know like never you know um and so
like I said I have a lot of like
deep-rooted struggles and insecurities
and honestly I just you know I care
so much about people because of that
like so much about other people's
feelings I oh my god if I hurt someone's
feelings I will I will never forget it I
never forget it that's why I I try
really hard and even when I'm really not
even close again even when I lash out on
people and I'm working so hard on it
it's here
it was looking poppin yesterday it's
looking fuckin say I look up all the
blood though um I'm so I'm gonna try and
keep these powerful good for 10 minutes
though this portion of the vlog because
it's like what
and I was you saying
you know a whole so much they forget oh
when I like lash out on people it's
always has to do with me anytime I
flashed out of people in my real life
like it always has to do with a struggle
I'm feeling like I feel I'll be feeling
like oh the person's pulling away from
me or they're abandoning me or they're
not they don't like me anymore and I
need to you don't even always come from
inside and never has to do with that
person and you know you can and I tell I
tell people this all the time but it's
like you know I really have to work on
just showing my love and compassion
better in a ways that and when I feel
not love and compassion towards myself
which is the biggest thing I got to work
on you know I got a remember that's not
anyone else's demon it's mine and I
don't need to you know start that up on
anyone else but try galti but I was
getting a little late this morning cuz I
was really thankful like I'm in a really
good space like I'm really busy I have a
lot of things planned for May for very
cool videos that I'm doing on my own for
music videos my music is coming along
great my producers are freaking then
it's nice is people just friendships
friendships you don't even like yeah
there's people you work with and then
there's people that you form this bond
with it gets Ino and I don't know I've
been pretty fortunate to form a sort of
bond with these people and I and I don't
know like you know my one producer
invited me to like a barbecue this
weekend again just stuff like that was
very sweet you know it's just like you
know I don't know it's just
I know I'm fortunate and I'm blessed
tonight and I am real light I have to
recognize that every single day is to
not take anything for granted and my
family is all here and healthy and I
just got a unkeyed Emma and I have great
friends and great friends oh my god I
didn't I just I probably didn't have I
didn't laugh as hard as I did last night
like in been so long like good did you
think I don't know personally had this
huge way I should have logged it we were
this booth for like 10 people and I was
just assumed um I was laughing so hard I
guess I don't know there's just I know I
just haven't really great friends I just
was happy
I'm just happy now and I I think
you know the past weeks I've been
getting happier but today I realize I'm
back to being completely happy like
completely content and that's cool
that's a cool feeling for me because you
know I can't always say that you know
but I'm content I'm young and I'm happy
because I have so many products me up my
music videos in Elissa so life is really
good and um yeah so that's it that's it
powerful on the way to work um and I
will upload some more today what I can't
like I said I don't want to spoil
anything but what I can add a to slasher
film this is my final day on set the
four days shoot I'm only your
portunities so womp womp but to be fun
che so for me so we're gonna grab
excitement tomorrow I will take you all
with me everywhere I need a spray tan of
I am fail alright so I just donated my
last $20 because that's the only duck
cash I had at my billfold to fill the
boot 60 or strong they were firefighters
standing out there with a boo and it
goes to muscular dystrophy association I
don't really know where I went to it
just had like the boo and I said like
donate or whatever and then they gave me
this sticker my nails are so ratchet but
that's really cool actually like I'm
really mmm just in good mood today and
that made me even happier so just want
to donate you go to MDA
don't work hey guys who is right so I
filmed the first scene I'm just waiting
till my temper annoys things at night
again um but it was really really cool
see I didn't blog anything cuz I feel
like it was giving it away but I thought
she was not Chinese I did snapped out to
be a some with snapchat it'll be too
late by the time go sleep it's not but
if you guys saw myself you won't have to
wait to watch the film I'm so excited
were I don't know when it comes out but
anyways we just finished lunch I saw my
shirt on
oh I didn't know for sure the vlog this
now what there's just two kills left and
then I go back in this camera does oh oh
I look so bad
alright guys I am here with you happen
to be getting him yeah Daniel living but
you're living yeah I'd die for that
wait so he's dreaming a face to it and
he was doing himself be he don't want to
show himself I don't know - oh yeah you
don't do that much occasional but we
will that big head so he's shrinking has
had a little bit there's joking up here
my head's huge man
yeah I'm the one who introduced him to
here he's right he's the pro maybe so
good um yeah you like at emitting a
favorite things you own base unit is the
patch we would it'll take like a piece
of your skin from somewhere I'm going on
over there so I can like I'll read
little pimple so yeah so if you have a
sit here you can like mirror it and grab
a piece of skin from here yeah oh my
gosh Oh she'll love that picture but I'm
like not such a cute picture it's cute
it is cute okay so what do you want me
to do I want a smaller head and I want
this little skin clearer thing you go in
and do smooth times already
yeah your skin is like flawless but I'll
make it look like a little Oh make it
know people make that's wait no I know
but I'm doing this for the camera make
it like me I hate when people do that
wait why because it's so fade well I'm
just doing nothing I was showing me no
it's just a beat look out to the eyes oh
I look I'm can you make my lips bigger
yeah yeah okay so we've got a Daniel
player in shape and resize resize right
hey that's everything oh I look good I
look so good
all right let's make your head a little
smaller honey okay but my lips now are
huge my little perfect I literally know
jeans oh my god no like everything
that's kinda live make you look better
oh I've had no I look crazy now no
instead oh my gosh what are you doing so
a lily and the sponsor sponsor I did
terrible sponsorship if it was good
she's got one eye I think any ugly okay
career man like hey BAE okay ooh
oh you kind of look like um one of those
like car catchers Oh like that alien
emoji that's what you look like
thanks I live for that no you were
making she made me look hot he gave me
bigger boobs
first of all looks like I got blood on
my own giving me bigger boobs oh there I
go looking back to normal honestly
original so much better
Oh beautiful you really okay I thought
you guys are trying to tell me I look
ugly no okay okay
going through kitchen
oh my god there is a body right there
and that is it here we go
I'm out in my car their whole crew over
alerting um do they need to do any more
to Trish for their tight top let's get
up I left on break okay yeah right right
Lisa right we'll take you in your gear
she's it's office oh cool Shane's
mansion terrifying terrifying
