alright guys this is my glam of the day
I think I should do these more like I
should show you guys I snapped out of
all the time I never really do like
outfit of the days glam of the days okay
so the other thing I wanted to address
for some hair makeup amazing actually
did my makeup angel did my hair my pony
um I'm going ready to do Shane short
film later tonight so I'm here makeup
done and the reason I wanted my hair
back because it might get a little messy
today so I don't want mess in my hair so
I thought I would just do Trish hair but
just back my dresses from forever 21 now
and on my legs I was so pasty I gotta
get a spray tan but I'm waiting til it's
close to my music video okay so everyone
talking about me photoshopping pictures
so let me explain something to you and
I've done I already done a video on this
called how to look skinny in photos okay
like look first of all I'm not trying to
hide my everyone's like oh when she turn
to the side she looks disgusting okay
first of all I don't want take a picture
like this that's just an unflattering
picture like why would I take that like
everyone wants to look good in pictures
right like who wants to look bad and of
course my saying like this yeah my mom
is like chubby or of course they do so I
do like to be like oh she can towards
your body I just like to take like this
is how I take my picture I think it's
just flattering I think it's just cute I
think it's a cute picture like I don't
think it's hiding anything it's just
like Hello that looks a lot cuter then
hey like what why would I take an ugly
picture cute da moto shopping it's just
knowing how to pose and yo bitch know
how to pose yeah hey Zeus got me a key
again this morning they so spoiled me
they've been maybe Starbucks I'm like
okay I'm so spoiled I'm gonna get ready
to actually haul those Nike bags right
there and I'm gonna do another video a
sex toy video um but yeah that's pretty
much what I'm doing like I said I'm
filming um mushy and short film later
I'm watching two snaps right now and I
was looking like that was so much fun
and I can't wait to get over there I
don't know what I can say I don't know
I'm gonna ask him but I can spoil I want
to spoil it no I don't wanna spoil it
but I want to say something cuz it's so
exciting
Oh
fold it and I don't want to get bigger
okay I think it's gonna be okay
I think this is just a really HD up well
yeah but I can only shoot me from the
sacrifice he's taken oh my god y'all
look how cute that is now in the
entryway I got this little table from
Pier one literally the cutest thing and
all this is from Pier one
I've got my champagne candle so it adds
a lot I got a pier one vanity too but um
anyways that is what I'm doing with
heroes dirty huh it's not on you so
that's what I'm doing
today I'm not cute little dress and I
don't know I just want to come up and
say hey cuz I feel like I don't like her
vlog when I get my full glam done I
don't know I don't love enough because
I'm always like snapchatting stuff not
neglecting y'all actually I will say
that I love snapchatting but I feel like
my blogs better because I feel like
you're like I always have so much to say
and I don't like to like just keep
pushing a little snapping every ten
seconds so I feel like you do get more
of the elongated Trish in what I'm
feeling through this like staff guys
literally just that like a snap of the
day you know what I'm saying you're
getting my thoughts and my feelings my
tears and the boobs
this is your perfect anyone in this room
cute you can my treat up those are
pillowcases that didn't come with a
pillow
I'm an idiot but they're really really
pretty but I'm pale and I don't hate it
oh my gosh why oh my gosh personal I'm
an idiot
I thought my call time was at six
o'clock and they call them was at five
o'clock I said to set at six o'clock so
I had to be there at 5:00 in quarter six
wait it is now five thirty five and I'm
just leaving Hollywood I have to go all
the way to the valley and on top of that
I was waiting the reason I was waiting
around so long at my house was because I
ordered two dresses one to get bloody
one to not get bloody specifically for
the bright colors because they wanted
bright colors so blood would show on it
and it was supposed to be delivered
today I did overnight shipping to
guarantee yesterday jingle mr. sacker is
going home today they said and so I was
waiting when you and I couldn't wait any
longer because I was already late so now
I'm forgetting up into target really
quick and praying to God he has
something kind of cute and kind of party
ish for the scene I'm justa p.m. because
oh my god I feel so freakin bad I get so
excited I get asked to do something and
then I fuck it up and be late ladies are
they running behind but still it's gonna
take me it's it's 5:30 something so
should be traffic going over there
I am so quickly and sorry oh my god she
if you're watching this cuz he's busy so
I haven't even texted I'm indexing the
producer because oh boy oh my god Laurie
like I told the guy that I was like I'm
so fuckin sorry and then I didn't even
tell him buck it's like a wardrobe
mishap because I said oh no I got our
two dresses I got it I got the words of
taking care of Tony Maury worst come to
words I have a dress on that I could let
them bloody but I'm gonna find something
here I'm gonna have to find two to have
something whether it's cute or not so
I'm like literally I feel like a chicken
will take off like I'm like oh my god so
that is what I'm doing and I had
literally been sitting around all day
like what a fucking idiot I should've
been doing this so much earlier I just
really thought those dresses were coming
today
so now I got to at the steepness is
coming
um there are cute dresses but
I am I'm going to be in and out like
sauerkraut because oh my god I just I
know the dress section here usually
pretty cute clothes so we are going to
be winging it the best thing bright room
where I'm such an idiot
mmm oh my life is going at the moment
really
are you I learn later I find two options
sleep it in their apartments either one
of these shows cleavage but I could find
and there's a white cupcake I know you
know oh my god it is now 554 its 554 and
I'm 38 minutes away fuck fuck fuck
oh I'm so frustrated with myself I'm so
frustrated myself I hate being late I
hate being late I hate people who are
late oh my god I feel so fucking about
ended up getting four dresses as you
guys saw everything that could go wrong
within this past hour did go wrong
because not only do my dresses not
arrived when I went to go check out my
piece Karndean in there I mean I took a
different person with us last night to
the jungle book and my Visa card it was
been in there I must have that
separately oh my god my biggest migraine
in the world right now like I'm so so
done so so pale - oh my god I'm so
stupid
thank God it was Hargett though and I
have a target card like it I almost went
into like a farmer 21 or a Kmart and I
went to Target it was meant to be
because had a tart credit card I'm like
thank God there was still someone there
cuz I always use mint our credit card to
the max but like the like Max is still
low on target credit card so I always
like easily always used up that for like
one trip so that weasel does work and it
did and so it's good I've been
so I got dresses um what I was saying is
like they don't really show my cleavage
which I don't know like it that's what
they're going for but like you know
Trish's cleavage so this is much on my
cleavage but I mean tight they're tight
dresses so you can see the boobs if they
got a good boob shot but I'm like I
almost got Cheetos in there but they're
not gonna ruin my dome I came it was
nice but I don't want to I diet cuz I've
been doing good today you know I always
take things day at a time so I'm like
you know what today's a good day of
eating so stay clean eating Trish said
to that later night when I come home
because I really mean so she from like
working or doing something like that
requires energy it was a great lab and I
just go to bed because I should be there
tomorrow too
oh my god today guys tell you apart I'm
good
there's nothing I can do can't control
it get control traffic so come again
yeah I loved him before like thumbs up
even like homeless people are like I
love the car everybody so happy in the
kingdom alright we're going about
considering without I'm excited I'm
excited hopefully no one's mad at me
that's Lenny I'm frustrated with MECA
madami I'm so sorry I get mad at people
when they're late so it's understandable
alright we'll see how it goes this is
the makeup setup I got lots going on in
here literally want to eat every fucking
thing here like that fix yes yes yes yes
at last I'm gonna be good work that's
really cool I stay on my diet because
Daniels like you are looking great thank
you
I've been trying this vehicle that it's
not we're doing so still waiting which
is totally fine by me but smashing to
get here so I can get back inside I'm
gonna be awful tell me a movie hall I
feel like it listening I'll ever be to
actually being in a movie
like we make unreleased one we may got
really guys I'm with one of the stars of
the film of life of life Hollywood this
is this is actually very exciting
because I loved you in mock not cool and
I get to act like in the same movie as
you uh yeah have we not known anything
before
no well what were we in not nothing Wow
the first time acting with are you
excited this is fun I mean we're not are
we in Denis we're not in any scenes
together I think no I'll cut it I don't
matter
um no when I came in yeah he gave away
his spoiler so I had to cut out um when
I came in
drew was like hunched over that chair
and yet it washes off and I thought he
was like a wardrobe lady I was like oh I
see how Trish treats like people like oh
you're just like hey and I was like hi
and you're like hey I was just something
bitch you wouldn't leave you alone you
are some big rig how cute he looks he's
so skinny today today look at you look
at who skinnier from the side go nothing
oh you don't really want them do you
want to I want to compete with me and
with skinnier you would win every time
honestly which is what literally the
skinniest though you're so skinny I like
turned to the side the side is how you
talk anymore we're dancing everything
it's kind of drew video is the director
is star or writer director you're the
assistant director 5 I'm so excited I'm
so excited yeah excited I like so this
is the lighting I've ever acted in I
told you I've only active machine film
did he like me too I can't wait oh my
god there's gonna be Oakland not so me
I'm so excited this guy giving me a lot
of um a spoil anything
oh that's best going well I already
posted this on my snapchat
wait what can why would you know what we
were allowed to say I haven't really
done anything other than already posted
that so spoiler what Carolee see who is
that a dead you'll have to wait
find out is it Joey rhythm Max from
catfish
you won't know guys my car inside that's
the crew really boner resin
okay we just did the first take still
not buddies let's get segment
