I know that's so nice okay guys you just
go to the girl look at this a butterfly
it set up so uh so pretty neat right
Harry hello yeah we talked about that
ugly haircut right but I do on Julia
Roberts here my Angels has paid negative
by Tana you guy so cute your little hat
we have a little hitchhiker right here
and we have a little what would your
outfit be today modern people
she got kinky boots on my daddy feel
kinky so uh yeah it's you should have
been wearing the high boots
um yeah we're going to eat at our
favorite Cheesecake Factory super
excited they came into my hair in DuBois
and had nothing else to do so we were
watching videos like what you eat for
all this sitting in my colleges I know
we're starting yes I bet it's a wrap
your honor
okay how do you spell Mississippi with
one eye
my SS you can mi mm i as i add code i I
PPI Eagles looking jokes of the day me
of all of us CAPTCHA he'll do these
jokers days you did you don't more you
haven't done them lately - I hate it cuz
I like wine liner jokes I don't like a
joke that you had to look up cliff no
we'll follow him on snapchat for Zeta
ladies i'ma get this is so fucking funny
so we are back in the row G yeah yes
yeah - none GMO food when yet - um G on
tight yes the GMO food
I'm yes to gluten and yes to green I
guess everything it's not like a bougie
is like waiting area frozen the car
oh yeah they're basically not bad you
know we sit during the biggest pumpkin
chair yeah
welcome I need all I have all the
therapy actually I should be there fix
oh my god no it's okay we just went to
the Nike and I bought a bunch of cute
stuff they picked out outfits for me and
our just waiting for my car we're gonna
pick up packages and post offices funny
the help so check me out for lunch and
now we're gonna go chili all sided but I
love it because I can wear my sweater um
in my house and love it I'm perpetually
cold really quickly um but I don't think
this on my blog as snapchatting it of
course and I'm getting this big balls it
which sucks because I'm shooting Shane
short film this week's it's big bulls
it's all that gratefully that'll go away
trying to touch it but I want to show
you some things that angel and he's got
me um bunch of some things that I've got
in the mail recently in my kitchen
because we're unpacking some things I'm
actually going to record in a little bit
now pump it make a pong class from
sweating like it's hot not like little
studio because you can't the air on when
you're recording so anyways let me show
what that mean this was the job I always
get to get sushi shows and I couldn't go
see kinky boots because I had to
actually record and I have to get this
element done so I was gonna try and
resell them and they weren't really
excelling and so I just thought to do I
was like the stuffs no one's gonna be
able to go so I thought of Angel Nia
dues because I mean hello we want to
play before and they totally went they
were so sweet and they actually got me
this mug that they signs which I thought
was super cute and I got me this poster
that the entire cast sign which I
thought was super cool I love it I'm
actually gonna put it up in my kitchen
over there um but I thought that was
sooo cool I'm gonna get a frame I'm
gonna get like a red frame to like match
this and um they actually were auctioned
this off at the end of the show and they
donated $60 to the AIDS Foundation to
get this and I thought that was so sweet
and they got this for me and it was like
the nicest thing ever
then we move on to some more gay things
that I love this is from a gay clothing
line I can't even remember does it say
is just Merrick and Richard if that
means anything to anyone um but this
came in the mail I got pizza and anal
I was wearing these earlier I was like
modeling these while they were over here
actually they were modeling them for me
I got this shirt that just says 69 I
just like the colors of it short says
say wet there's some shorts and I'm
obsessed with them because I think
they're amazing yeah that must be the
brand American Richard if that means
anything then I got this shirt says
kunti and then he zeus was modeling this
one earlier I didn't really know this
meant I just kind of liked it bound and
gagged like I kind of had idea but I
didn't know like what I meant like the
gate world and I like I love it because
I'm on obviously I'm a gay man with a
vagina that's just a swarm with vagina
but I'm a gay man inside and then I have
this shit as his BJ because you know why
not and then these were everything
actually saw Chris Crocker had these and
that's why I found this website and it
says SAS whole like yeah kind of
everything then over here I just got
these candles and now I was excited get
these candles I took a little while to
get I was super excited to get them and
um but actually I had two of these but
it was completely cracked when it came
and these are not cheap you know they're
in like little champagne bottles and
stuff um they're not cheap and it was so
disappointing cuz like the candles that
kind of like leaking out there's a
grease in the bottom of the box and was
it cracked I woulda showed you but they
were just like it's fine we'll just take
it and I would have sent it back but
they're like it's gonna be high up
anyway so um a little disappointed I
just got this out Etsy I mean they're
really cute me has cracked a little bit
there it's really cute it's just it
sucks that one of the candles got
damaged but um love them nonetheless and
then this is my Kylie Jenner away we're
gonna try it on earlier but we're gonna
cut her off right here and yeah those
are my wig heads they took my wigs for
my music video so they're gonna be work
on those but got this off Etsy as well
what's the fun stuff guys we are
recording another day in the studio I
forgot my bra it's really fucking cold
in here but my water still from lemonade
uh someone check in this whole thing
I've been bad on my water
cleanse look at some diet coke today
oops it didn't last very long
back there try
back there engineering I don't know
whether people went I lost them but I
have the actual big screen coming up a
little preview you like it are you happy
with it
I love it do you I didn't say MEMS yeah
man I love this he was dancing earlier
not what you were you were good dancing
I wasn't oh my god yourself I was a good
dancer
cuz I wasn't dancing people think we're
brother-sister hmm we're related we
could be look at her eyes look at your
eyes in this light this is a selfie
are we brother sister uh yeah who's
older
my momma cheated no we get roughly twins
yeah yeah yeah I think we look like it
look at her lips their eyes you just got
the better end of the deal
ah no you do look at you look how pretty
mmm he got better jeans better bod you
got the better dear you got the boobies
boobies in the back blondeness the what
was fake
I'll get a tube a oh yes yeah no Dom are
you in dance later we dance later uh I
don't know what are you talking about
never oh you dance I danced and I'd know
he's the best answer no my favorite
order we're drinking in their crook
cotton is the rock back yes we are on
our way
juicy jungle fuck you I wanna be like
yeah I want to look like you that - that
was good what is your alpha okay so I'm
inspired by the jungle today obviously
what are you inspired by um I jet
literally before we got here when we're
eating our veggie patties we're watching
RuPaul's Drag Race and dad gay icon so
I'm like let me just kind of rock it out
a little bit you know you got to look
amazing that starts everything I asked
Mike oh my god this sure Sookie weren't
you getting he's like the shirt you
don't want is a jacket she like did it
we wanted to get rid of and the shirt
that wouldn't fit me because it's so
tight on your old wire
Oh scary and he's up there just
observing does great the dogs running
all over them hey Zeus you were to hit
my vlog today everyone was like we love
me Zeus we need more of him or the lady
at the post office is much nicer to
Tricia Christie grrrrrr oh my god we
went to the post office T and you know
that you need a refill on a tea cup
we need to tea we went to the post
office today and there's a girl and
there's always like so bitchy to me the
woman that was in there yesterday so I
so mean to me show me to a bitchy hey
but yesterday when I was you guys she
was like oh you have reinforcements say
she's not getting happy as fuck and
today she was happy as fuck - I was like
what the fuck I'm like maybe just cuz I
came down here around me now she's not
in touch by angel say made by Jesus
what's your outfit inspired by know the
nineties I'm wearing this baggy white
shirt with these tight pants and it's
like 90s like Selena boots yeah you're
kind of everything thank you thank you
you should do outfit of the day in your
pants did you slip those in the back
yourself yeah they didn't make I
actually think we actually been taking a
photo on snapchat of each outfit that I
wear brilliant have videos enough em or
what do you do with the pictures I'm
gonna do like a collage of them and
start like posting them by threes you
know 13 my stuff that's a smart idea
what's on YouTube are you gonna put
somewhere that could be a thing to like
just showing like different like
how bad I did I'm just keeping them from
my record I love it I just have them oh
my god we're going to I'll have pants
everyone's first time so we'll go cap
yeah yeah captain that great - yeah
mm-hmm
really yep here's a ki captain's hat on
and everything and he's like welcome
aboard yeah okay guys we are on
Hollywood Boulevard at the El Capitan
and we are here see a jungle book it's
absolutely gorgeous inside my jungle
book pants
yeah oh look at the new fashion trend
you open new night so please oh you guys
look so cool oh my gosh after your eye
makeup oh my gosh there's the jungle
book yes we're in our free popcorn at
VIP this is the inside of the app p.m.
so gorgeous and old-school theater we
all have our little snacky well nachos
little pretzel the parts of like shaped
like we can also get the cutest
pretending a burlesque show them that
we had to get back with you Kiyo
asteroth snapshot right there we're
getting ready see we've got our pictures
at our snap peas already else we'll run
it is a wall no all right guys we're
gonna go over to eat up hard rock you
know we're at the Hollywood Boulevard
even here ages but now we are crossing
shoe game strong for all of us today
not winning his gym bodyguard it is like
a little kid he's like wandering all
around the heart like business texting
oh yeah you're always email relly at
11:00 fuckin eye you look like you
belong here like you should be amusing
should be a wax figure here yeah you
look at someone it looks so good though
yes let me get a move oh wow it's
Whitney Houston it was hot
I live for this
I like her outfit
has no interest
that when they shot him doesn't ask bad
acting he knows it was similar go yeah
