hey guys so we are in Hermosa Beach
today and I'm having lunch with my mummy
and she is she's handicapped walking but
we are at the manhattan beach pier or
this hermit I'm happy to Hermosa mommy
did a little beach town that she loves
so that's what we're doing we're gonna
eat at this place called what rock and
brew brew Co so I was ordering there I
got my smashers brewskis head must get
your shoes that I gotta pet that place
my memory foam and that's what we're
doing spending the day with little
sickly little and put over here it's all
at least I can walk and eat and shower
you showered it's all good you look good
so that's what we're doing today
so you just we've been here Brian
might be the best pretzel ever
now we have another course and
appetizers I know they're well done
Brujo isn't happy
they have awesome fears over there they
have everything so bad so full we had so
much food and now we're gonna go shop
around the big shop right behind this
little Boy Scout outfit this cute little
store oh those are cute little what they
asked for a seven oh my gosh now we are
in the creameries wearing these little
cupcakes my sister's living at that
little lemon
here in a chair hostess one I kind of
like these I kinda love the macaroon
it's really really cute this girl's name
is Kimberly she's a YouTube channel she
was so sweet and nice and bored and she
kind of riding me on my friend Shannon
and how many ways check her out that's
her channel official Kimberly she's her
daughter and does it as well and now
we're gonna get some more treats here I
love this store so much alright guys we
are having Domino's pizza party whoo
yeah pastas we got pizzas we got coke
okay guys this is our little feast we
got some pizzas we got some brownies and
we got some chicken alfredo and we are
watching a little have you have my mommy
by the way my mom's arms not broken
everyone's like is your mom's aren't
broken she has to keep it there
let's get first reactions this is really
good I was praying about this time on
how good it was so we'll see what she
says
she makes Alfredo so who knows good YUM
okay so I just got my posted patients to
deliver my groceries okay so I am only
drinking water for the next two weeks I
am NOT gonna drink alcohol or coke or
anything because I'm juma music videos
my first music video back in 2016 solo
music video so I haven't done one and so
long and not including the Christmas
videos I have done one since literally
like October so this is what I got I got
some eggs and I'm actually gonna make
two hard-boiled eggs now because this is
like what I consider like the filling
part of like a daya is the egg part and
then I just got a bunch of like snacks
like you know carrots grapes like this
kind of stuff does fill me up so all I
got and get any chips this time nothing
to tempt me and this is all I am going
to be having not just strictly fruits
and vegetables but like for the most
part you know if I go out or something
maybe maybe I like splurge or something
but this is what I'm gonna like try and
stick with as far as snacking those
which is going to be a huge huge thing
for me because I normally do snack on
like chips and like cookies and sup like
that so
it'll be a big change I know not all my
meals will be healthy but it's a good
start so whenever I'm actively trying to
lose weight I drink one of these a day
and you will have to like piss all the
time so you have to be close by a
bathroom so if you don't have a good job
or like a school that'll allow you to go
pee like every 10 minutes like I
wouldn't recommend drinking maybe all
that maybe like half of that or
something in more moderation but I
always put it in a little cup to make it
a little more fun so I feel I can bring
you juice I like trick myself into
thinking this is like something sugary
or something but you know it works if I
have it by me I'm gonna drink it so
that's where I'm at now and then I have
my two hard-boiled eggs over here
getting ready I have some getting my
laundry done those are my wig has a lot
of people are asking what those were and
yeah just getting stuff done kind of
cleaning up editing videos I put every
Saturday morning before I go oh maybe I
won't work and then I don't mark this is
my vlog that he said we've been on it
yet
he's hi know what else there's a chat
mark he's a DJ and he loves it my
producer I look how cool you look yeah
you didn't come right you didn't come
right it might be our fault the with
love
are you recording everything because
it's a little too low right your piece
well it is my turn I see we are just
finishing up I think the first song off
my EP these guys are the quotes ever Dre
we got my literally close ever we had a
little bit of a breakdown earlier but
we've resolved it right we got it done
and the breakdowns on my part for years
we want to know I was having a little
dumbbell we got the red though I'm
surprised I own both I owe both I was
gonna have a mental breakdown but we did
it though bro anyways we're getting done
with this finally almost at 1:00 in the
morning I look crazy I'll to come on
crack you look beautiful energy ever I
do it's because I quit smoking weed I'm
proud of ya yeah so cool well thanks for
letting me use your studio I'll be back
the studio's the best studio ever good
morning everyone in a happy Sunday
last night was like the latest night
ever and I don't know how I even stayed
awake we got done recording at like 2:00
or 3:00 a.m. and then when we got back
to my place we all just kind of like
hung out and chilled and I mean I think
I didn't go to bed like eight o clock in
the morning and it is now 1116 in
churches at 11:30 so I had told my
girlfriend brie who ended their blog
which she's not um she's not like
general and I never just walk with her
she doesn't really like do social me
that much she just likes pray to you
anyways um I met her because she was
spray-painting me but she's a super cool
chick and she's always really really
bonded because we were both Catholic and
she goes to church every single day and
I was like oh my god so inspiring like I
need to start going to church more often
like I really really do because I used
to go I was very like Adam I'm going to
church every single Sunday and I did
that for years and you know the past I
don't know I feel like sometimes in life
like you you make excuses like you're
busy or you know you're just wanna sleep
in and lately I think once you get in
that pattern of doing that and not
knowing you know okay I gotta charge you
gotta get up like I think
I don't know I think it's just I think
it's just easy to fall into the habit of
like not going but I want to fall back
into the habit of going you know what I
mean like I wanna I need to because I I
love Torchic as me it gives my soul like
renewal and what is ever taking pictures
um speaking of spray tans I need to get
one oh my gosh I am a soul pill I'm kind
of debating on one to get one because
normally I don't like once a week but
music video coming up is the member when
you know spray your hands fade like I
can say it on evenly and I don't want to
look uneven for the video so the
struggle struggle is really all but yeah
I know it looks like I have probably
like a sexy dress on but it's actually
really long but it's like a plaid dress
it's just my boobs are a little bit and
this is the only one I'm pale like every
scratch every handprint like show
someone another filming a movie
there's something in our mania happening
right now because all these Armenians
legs on people's cars but anyways that
recording on super great last night I'm
really really excited for you guys to
hear this new music I'm working with
completely different people once again
I've been just like bouncing around to
people turn it it's been the same five
songs I've been trying to finish with I
started with the guy who used to do my
music my the first guy did my music in
there wasn't there was a conflict of
interest there and then um then I was
using people that he has no I did you
know anyways there was that so now
that's like I found these guys and Barth
introduces I'm rather and they are just
so cool and nice and they have just such
a different take on music um and I like
that I like it it's so scary to me
because I'm very likes I'm proud of my
songs that I've done you know I'm proud
of every single song I put out there so
it is scary to me to I don't know like
just try something new and different but
I think he was really like I really like
my music I'm really excited and it is a
very different vibe to have to like
record like I mean I'm not obviously I'm
not too self-conscious about saying cuz
I sing all the time I'm like YouTube and
stuff but this was the wrong way to go
even later I shall get there
um but with original songs I get a
little more nervous to sing at first
because there's no guide there's no you
know we cover songs and you know when
people sing along with the radio like
you hear it a bunch of times you know
what you're really familiar with an
original song especially one that you
write yourself it's very scary because
things don't work the first time or the
second time or the third time so it's
like you have to sing and hear yourself
sound terrible to be like oh that's not
working you know during the Enzo and now
I'm doing it in front of another set of
new people because the guy was used to
working with one guy at the beginning
then I was introduced to other group of
people missing in front of them and then
I got used to that and then now it's
like they screw people which I said are
super cool and super supportive there
does a lot more shell like I'm so used
to being around people like the first
guy and the second group I worked
without are very like enthusiastic
apparently awesome great and nothing
they're not like that they're not like
oh they suck they're just more chill so
I'm kind of like what's the feedback
what it's you know to me because even
the first guy were just even if I
sounded terror was like that's great
awesome try it this way so it's like I'm
used to that I guess it's like a little
bit of a baby mentality to just be like
you're great and then you know and just
build yourself up from there but I think
we have a flow now and like I said I
hope these songs I hope I are gonna be
finished there they are close to being
finished I hopefully will be finishing
them in the next couple of weeks which
I'm also shooting a video in the next
couple weeks so and the videos for a
single but these are for my actual album
they're all original some
it's a lot it is a lot more online but
it's fun it is fun and I really do love
it and once the songs are done and you
hear your final product you get so proud
of it because you do work so much it's
been especially this album of any other
ones it the other one's kind of just
flowed easy but I'll start at how much
input I was just like here's the song do
this with lyrics this you don't mean so
it's like this is just a lot more trial
and error and it's a lot more
complications to get this these songs
done and I'm very proud of them so
there's that self yeah I really think I
went mad cause I'm at Qwest how to get
there from my house and I really think I
just want our long roundabout way but
but anyways happy Sunday give thanks and
praise to our Lord our God for such a
beautiful day like I honestly I when I
woke up this morning it was a beautiful
day and I'm doing beautiful things and
very blessed to be able to do music you
know on my own and all that stuff so
yeah it's really a great day and if you
you ever feel like sometimes you feel a
little stressed or a little down y'all
know I can feel a little down you just
not stop like you want to air in my
lungs like I am Alive I am healthy like
you know I there's so many people who
just I feel so back when you that well
you'll have your health
what do you have you know but
alright guys well I'm gonna see if as i
quicker way I'm literally going in like
I you like a horseshoe this is so dumb I
fell back to my friends waiting there to
me alright the surgeon so long from
super excite it's just pictures I went
to every sin name for years
gorgeous game
we are at lemonade where he just gave me
this bracelet back her friend man so we
have matching bracelet
push on yours here's our matching
bracelet so this is her friend who makes
them wait with when I'm broken show
block now okay
sue friend that makes him to make all
kinds of clubs and BRE just gave me this
one at church and I thought it was so
pretty and so like cool so if you're
like a Christian girl and you want
something cool I thought it was like
really really neat so I'll show it and
now we're eating at are you guys proud
of me
I don't even get Macanese our mashed
potatoes
