I fucking fired up right now okay guys
it's Sergio so this is going to be a
vlog on to itself on this channel
because um well I would leave a yelp
review but I do I'm going to I'm going
to bash the shit up yes I know anyways
I've been wrong back there so we just
got that um well we didn't eat there
we're still very hungry
nice name does yeah yeah it's my sister
Sadie I don't they're gonna spin they
both work in the service industry now so
they are very nobody it was actually a
little crazy because like okay so we
went into swingers on Beverly Boulevard
and it's in like a nice thick
neighborhood and all a staff of that and
this manager we walk in there's like no
tables but there's one booth in the
corner that's supposed to sit for people
but there's three of us and so this host
who was his first day this host kid told
sweets Owen is my mom's like oh there's
a booth back there sweet like goes to
see us in the manager like in front of
us was like what wait wait how many and
then the guys like he just says like
three because it's like super awkward
crews were in the middle and then he's
like well uh and then I give him a look
and then he's like oh I got ya and then
the guys like there's no other tables I
guess it's fine right - right here
you're looking at me like I'm like
leaving out something so so he's like
okay it's like fine so then we sit down
and then right away we just comes over
can I get your order like and we're like
and my sister cuz again my sister serves
so she's like her she's a bartender so
she works in like food industry she was
just like we just sat down like of
course we're not ready to order so then
they switch us with a different way
dress because and then my sisters like
I'm not ordering she has been our food I
know that's because I guess anyways
sounds like okay so so my sister was
going to eat and then the lady comes
Duke are our thing and we're like cool
word shall we order and like their
cleanup table the fucking manager what's
my name Sergio Sergio who look like you
was like 20 like he looked young with
all you doesn't even like knows nothing
mom's house I rode his bike to school
we're like the assistant commentary in
this review okay so this so yeah so he
keeps staring at Isaac aya-san walking
over the ion stop looking at us looking
over at the other table at about to be
cleared off and my sister called it we
should oh he's gonna ask us to move it
oh my god Hannah drinks yeah we there's
no back there um so no no I love it as
I'm showing you um so yeah we had our
drinks and so we're already like seated
we already ordered all the stuff and
then
it's like he's gonna ask us and I'm like
whoa laughs he asked us that then we
will leave because we know whence just
were feeling crazy so we're just like
okay we'll just stay there husband or
whoever and then shake he's NASA so
chaebols I'm like that's like crazy that
table literally could hold it one more
person at maximum like four people and
we order we always order like extra we
get like a cake man cakes for dessert
yeah so we always have like a fourth
meal because we order so much right
there so I was like okay and that's what
I told was like well what after this all
went down so anyways he asked us to move
um to the then he did he come over and
he's like um excuse me guys um usually
this is only for like for a party of
four he goes a hostess new this is
reserved for a bigger party I'm like
excuse me yes I said four people or more
but there was nobody in line there's
nobody coming in all the cup yeah which
by the way it's one o'clock on a
Saturday in about this place well if
you're gonna tell a patron to wait
because well there's a bigger table
available but we can't sit you there
that's that's bad cuz yeah I'll give you
up for example me and Shane went to
Cheesecake Factory at like 11 o'clock
and there was not a lot of tables and
they gave us the one for your birthday
that we went to at Cheesecake Factory at
one table that holds at eight people
they let me in change that there because
they're just like well this is okay we
got so if you know what I mean so like
that's because we serve so anyways he
did ask us movement oh my god we always
like both in my sisters like excuse me
what we had to go first of all I was
like well we can pay for seven people if
you wanted to say hear like what the
fucking but we already fest where I
decide to leave and that I don't want to
give you my business you've made me
uncomfortable since we walked in and I
said and I said what was your name and
he goes Sergio he's like you guys well
you guys can sit there if you wanted
like no you this is the word
embarrassing unprofessional managing
I've every shared wonderful horse teeth
are then you know bright well that's the
thing once you get out of that booth
quick it's like yeah no and it was it
was just embarrassing it was
embarrassing even the first time when he
told the hostess like wait how many
people is like we're like read the
middle like on our way to the table
we're like and then my sister is like
excuse me what was your name and they
said the name Sergio and I my sister's
like this was like this is the worst
would you say exactly I said this is the
most unprofessional managing I've ever
experienced at ok cute and then that was
like it and honestly he'd even know I
was like oh oh no I mean there's very
few times where I want the wrath of the
fishies but oh my gosh you guys not that
I need the wrath I don't address her
like go attack them
but never eat the one in swingers like I
swear to goodness I was like eh you were
this is like yelp review on steroids
with YouTube so that's why I was like oh
he don't even know like only when I feel
really like embarrassed and disrespected
where I ever do this to people but like
that is crazy meat there all the time
and like we love that play the counter
people better by themselves you get the
counter or maybe two but three people oh
yeah they try to like saying oh you want
to eat at the Conner we're like no no
what no and there was no other table so
fuck the swingers on Beverly we loved
this place normally but like seriously
it was like the worst news to teach yeah
you know what I'd rather pay someone
else yeah and this is coming from two
people in the service industry so before
you guys to be like ultras yourself
level it's like these are coming from
people who like wait on people for like
their jobs so they know that's it yeah
he was awful and I'm my sister did he
leave me all for Christianity yeah I am
I'm gonna get that guy good yeah that I
should know - yeah that's true I know
managers get these like egos they get
like these big heads and think they're
like oh oh that's why he said that he's
like okay like as if you're gonna do
anything about it like which we are
going to do something about it because I
was so embarrassed and we're so hungry
and wanted to eat there and but mister
towards me anyways so I wasn't I knew
she was a shoe she was gonna I don't
know she doesn't do something with them
put a toenail in it anyways alright well
now we got to figure out next mesti√ßo
will let you know how that goes but that
was our yelp review
that's my yelp review as my video yelp
review of swingers on Beverly ever ever
I went off hold it no you damn everybody
had a manager there look the problem is
is that when the LA server's not I'm
just generalizing here I know that not
everybody is but they're like actors
they so they've got other things on
their mind than like oh god these people
not ready to order usually actors are
better though they're usually like you
member at the griddle that actor we had
like they're usually better that guy was
only not that guy his career is gonna be
managing swingers that's gonna be a
lifelong job like he's never gonna go
anywhere about that not a bad thing but
for the hostess oh he was so sweet
polite and he's goes I'm sorry it's my
first day oh my god I was killed with
his afro was his first day oh wait he
did um he was so nice and even
apologized for the managers on the condo
there see I save yourself from this shit
home yeah if you need a job contact me
he's not working me no no we said that's
when we're like oh god that was so
embarrassing he's a cam I'm so sorry
about that and it's my first day and his
whole school yeah I know that's like the
host so he was great but the two
waitresses were like bitches especially
the person that came over then they even
the second one was kind of just like and
I said Oh what do you say shake nothing
shuka I thought she was asking me
something it just doesn't shake
nothing's like yeah - oh yeah we're good
man what's that restaurant that like is
bullshit - Bewick's legit it's like we
went there oh my gosh I'm not paying for
really good picture I'm gonna post this
tonight - this will be on the actual day
was - April 30th so I'm going to post
this today and do the actual view so
it's April 30th Sergio the shift of 1
o'clock that's what we're were so there
you go check out what you came on you
yeah we're just doing this more so like
the owner of swingers can see this
because like swingers at this shit it's
a it's like a celebrity hangout like
people love that place and you know what
it's like people go out to like have a
nice time and like feel special like
right there modern way yeah you bet 75
bucks er yeah we always been so much on
food so much on food so that's not like
excuse me I felt like Selena where were
like we weren't worthy of sitting in
that booth egg we were gonna spend
enough money there as like bit I'll come
by this restaurant I mean maybe not
maybe I'll just like come back with time
so I heard you - Sergio yeah I would buy
that restaurant justifier him but it's a
few
