a lot of peeling to be right here at
button traffic right now um hey guys
what's up I am the worst vlogger ever
like actually go to the worst longer but
I just met with a dancer slash when you
around a bird and I'm blog i snapchatted
about in vlog I'll put the snapchats in
so you guys can see when when just
slaughter one one he's my new
choreographer look how cute he is
and he's C Fritz Hollings he Frick so
that guy's name is Joe so Lauder which
has the cool same eyebrows like a tiger
really looks like a fucking cool names
fucking as he said a rock star T this
wasn't waz name I am so fucking excited
cuz not only are we gonna do against
videos together well
ideas video um but I think fingers
crossed all works out that he um my be
mighty where everybody music I'm really
really excited cuz like of course my
batteries want to science-y why didn't
blog charge it I've been I was doing a
morning routine today I was using this
camera that's it I should fucking charge
to fry lap but and it was announcing in
traffic weird shouldn't talk him anyways
I'm just a he was so nice um he was
literally like such a sweetheart such a
nice guy just sweet cue of course but
like just sweet and so creative like we
were planning like just a regular dance
video before I even set the thing about
the music video
and um he would you mom he was it's like
like this like advanced would be like a
normally do but he has like all these
creative ideas and concepts and I was
just like hey like do you you know
choreograph guys trying to like it out
you correctly music because I was like I
was just so inspired by like all their
thought his creative juices if you will
and so yeah I was like I said I was
basically the worst blogger because I
was just like you know like taking it
all in his studio space and like oh it's
a mess it's so cool um comes next I know
new purse are we like what Milan knew I
got this for Christmas but for myself ah
the Javan she mint green it's totally
killing and I'm at springtime totally
killing up um but yeah I'm a terrible
blogger but I wouldn't you blow up cuz
that's sitting in traffic on so I only
do a karma long that's like oh batteries
does so now everyone's loving this this
outfit by which from beating hitting the
gym puts on Venus you'll see and I'm in
morning routine or I also filmed in
April favorite I have been just sobered
up so today like it's all the back
productive
yeah but anyways it was really really
cool he's such a nice guy and you know I
love everybody at the ends with like I
love all minions Bertelsen Townshend's
wheat and ice they're all like that
there's just certain people like you
vibe with and you just like get a sense
of who they are and you're like this
might I think this is a good fit so for
the video that I have coming out the
music video is just felt like a good fit
a good vibe and so yeah he's super cool
and he's been in a shitload of things
like he was in step up 3d edge to like
google the mobile I tried a bigger role
as I was like the yellow bucket legit so
hope they all work feel like I said he's
super busy so I hope it all works out
with the time frame in a shed so her
stuff not shit so um so anyways okay
guys well I guess I will just continue
matters in diamond Harold really
important for today and just means to
run a moisturize really that important
note but I am shiny and my air
conditioning stills not working at my
house oh like shoot me now I have to go
home and like sweat and this
appropriately
hopefully they get this result
traffic on the attend I 10 freeway what
time I like I went on like I go to KFC
though it's kinda lying on the way home
though do I stop do I not I am the moon
prism KFC chicken skin you know what I
am
some skin on that fucking chicken
check out wait am i can get over that
means I should go if I can't get over I
mean they should not see you know I'm
gonna try to get over as far out of the
ass but that was actually easy glad it
was meant to be for this cake see riding
into this driveway though like it's the
happiest fucking thing I've ever my got
classic dual lemonade lemonade a song I
mean that is gonna be so me I'm sorry
this is like whoa guys do we really hot
my apartment I won't be able to really
enjoy my food okay should get my car
fuck it bucket
oh my thighs are little askew didn't see
that literally and bare guys don't judge
me and what the order don't judge me
go man I'm gonna go VIN yell
um yes can I get two original recipe
chicken breasts okay can I get a large
mashed potato with no gravy okay um can
I go side of corn over to biscuits
okay and a small popcorn chicken please
okay that's it
Oh actually can I get a lemonade as well
okay so I have a butcher compressed
original
holistic follow with one another Emily
yes No
are y'all judging me though I might pop
more chicken on the way home
that's how we do in the Midwest Oh
another guy was with Midwest my wrinkles
I could get that Botox
bitch bitch illogical kids don't look at
me Mom getting a KFC food fuckin
drive-thru of shame right here only
skinny people like getting exercise and
there's like the people going to fancy
give this bag as wallet this is a little
purse big wallet fits in this little
purse and it fits comfortably actually
and I'm squeezing it now but thank you
oh it's dirty now Oh binky right I
really want pink everyone's like don't
do your car pink I'm like no it's me
though you know what do I do
um I do like YouTube videos like videos
for the internet again they I blog my
life oh thank you so much thank you
thank you to the friendliest in place I
love my car it makes people so happy it
really does make people so happy like
people I mean they get like the
occasional haters but honestly like
people are very happy they're always
smiling they're like a love your car I
love you for loving my car has everyone
makes fun of me no you know what you I
always say that everyone and it's
literally like just like two haters that
make you say everyone
that's better lighting that's what I
should have this will happen girl these
people make fucking workout gear if I
can just go right behind chicken oh
hello
bad lighting oh hey this isn't like that
bad actually
mmm I guess what air conditioning is
working yes
Erica she's working I got a position
Ahmed's ate KFC they didn't give me the
hot corn chicken or mashed potatoes I
was very upset I didn't realize until I
went home my brother's awkward chicken
on the way home and then I was like it's
like shit what what's happening slowly I
was like you know what not meant to be
like don't eat those um what are we
addressing I'm going out to movies with
a friend of mine that I haven't seen in
so long like you guys me remember like a
long time ago Christian I'm wearing a
sports bra underneath kind of as for so
this is literally no sport it almost
more no bra and I was like you know what
you really change because I got this in
the mail and I feel like that's just
like I don't know that just looks
comfier I wasn't like Chukyo almost huh
I thought like that she cute it's not
like it's someone out of like a day just
a hangout I don't want I'm trying but
that was like I'm trying but you know
this is my hair makeup was like spawn
glam huh this is so frickin cute and
comfortable like oh my god this almost
is like to calm feet like we're out you
try clean only that this is wild box mmm
yes clean this is so cute
ah it's so soft
mmm I guess I'm gonna spray this I guess
imagine where this yeah yeah okay this
was cute this was a little
who's keeping a little frumpy know where
this was wrong I don't know why I got it
and I'm gonna worry I just feel like
comfy and cute it's - its - its cash
cash good yes i'm supersized of
different Christians to me I don't know
wanna vlog that's sucking at blogging
all day no my ill hungry it's my bit
later than when I last saw you guys so
I'm a little hungry I'm trying to eat we
said like go see a movie but I don't
want you to he's um
he like lost much weight he was never
fat for you he's lost much weight not
really ripped and I don't know if he's
gonna be going to eat but um yeah she's
in a good day I I got so much
accomplished in y'all and I just I think
edit tomorrow's I was like a whole
editing joke up I won't be vlogging
cousin funny I'm gonna go visit my mom
see how she's doing
um Saturday I'm recording and um yeah
music video trying to get this all
together again around like it's it's
crazy busy but it's a good busy and I'm
really really excited so anyways I just
thought I'd catch you all up on what is
happening in this long I'm finished like
in the vlog I've noticed lately as of
filming this the bones are not doing so
great in views and I don't mean I don't
really care about views I just care
about if you still like the blogs or if
you want to submit differ on this
channel um
yes just let me know um cuz I movie
channel views I need to take my trash
how it's like smelling right now my main
channel views like seem to do okay so it
seems you guys select that channel made
this channel need to change I don't know
I know sometimes everything things but
let me know which guys um wanna see
yeah yeah alright guys so I'm say about
this outfits like super cute and
arrogant in my house I did you read
across me I think you need to go so if
you like huh that just looks okay big
girl problems you don't Sam why does
that not look as cute like but if you
like this we I don't know
we're like that that's I mean what oh
yeah I'm relatable though right so I'm
gonna see if I can upload this footage
onto my computer cuz um
I think what this holiday would they
have so much footage on this camera have
edited yet where I put him you don't
like God what is that what do I camera
off some like I don't care my impress
we're good cameras on that footage would
be los Oak Michigan Potter I do that now
before I come because he's it on his way
so hey guys look you'll see what we do
let's see what happens where the night
unfold boys here the tickets gonna show
what we're showing what is it lets go
we're enjoying the ticket guys we're
gonna go see the boss finally we're at
the Grove Pacific Theaters and with
someone who's no longer on social media
but if you there he is
I'm on Instagram yeah you got an
Instagram I've I don't even see him you
can't follow him so we're gonna go see
the boss which was my pick and he's like
this is the shittiest sounds like a
shitty movie
don't say that you said that you said
that I'm down to see it okay well we'll
see how it goes really what do they say
just like where's Tricia when you guys
get back together did it oh wait one
week into those photos and was together
another soul man see I was so fat there
okay do be nice ham and Tommy think
you're recording me right now you know
yes I you're just your arm
I'll protect your face no I don't care
you don't mind it you're a social media
no I I saw an Instagram I'm not like
dead to the world I am feeling mr.
Gaikwad here you are mr. again Here I am
thank you guys back from the dead he is
we haven't seen each other since white
year
like 30 years ago 2012-2013 probably
more like 2013 yeah just my friends with
so we couldn't talk about at the time
but that was yes we did a failed pilot
called friends and benefits or drew
Barrymore that was us it's awful no it
was good if you guys do it again
pick us we'll come back yes definitely
sign us up sign us up we are going on a
d9 now to the movie is very fun very
excited yeah very exciting the boss woz
he got water and I got fuckin I see him
yeah living healthy living my rhesus
over here oh yeah get those out of your
junk yeah
