now focuses now today focuses Oh still
bother me yesterday when I was blooming
with happy on and I want to focus oh
that was so annoying I don't know what I
think was on the wrong setting I think
I'm a dumb like pusher to move I'm still
ma'am um oh my gosh why's is so much a
cheesecake factory yesterday like oh let
me that worse I ate so much a cheesecake
doctor history that I was physically
sick all night like not throwing up I
wish I would have thrown up was a would
have felt better I should have probably
would have felt better but r-la there is
so much traffic this morning
um I totally just lost oh yeah I wish I
would have fought because it was such a
full feeling that I felt like I could
not even breathe and I have not eaten
like that and a like pup she's not like
a super long time but like a couple
weeks and it's crazy cuz I could eat a
seat back every single meal like just
you know that kind of food and cuz I
hadn't eaten out for like a week and a
half maybe
and then the time before I when I did
eat out how like chicken lettuce wrap so
I was like so full and my stomach was
like I could not breathe but um so yeah
I did not sleep well last night um yeah
and then I started playing this game
it's actually coming up in a sponsored
video like a nap and cuz I I just tried
out for it cuz I'm like this is like a
lame game like I don't want it you know
but it is so addicting you'll probably
hear about it I'm think I'm gonna do the
video um it's so hot chick ting I stayed
up like all night just playing that cuz
I couldn't sleep anyway so I was like
it's such fun games kinda like candy
crush but it was it's just like funner
it's just like I don't know it's it's
I'll cheer about it my main channel
because it's like really really fun
actually um I'm really excited about it
so um that and then not making my mom up
for surgery oh my gosh one for Mom I
wished I prayed every day when as soon
as the day we found I wish I did cuz I
just heard about him like why could it
have been me like my mom's been having
such a rough time with her
reconstructive surgery like just not
getting it right so we're going
somewhere not to UCLA and she's a pan
for Pocket now because they messed it up
so many times crazy and there could be a
chance of she may never fully get her
breast back to how she wants them and I
mean yeah that's you know that's why
cancer sucks but
I just you know I I couldn't I just wish
it was my boobs instead of hers
like if just my mom is a good person so
I don't know it makes me sad that she
has to go through all this all the time
so I'm gonna go pick her up
oh I'll look crazy I still need my
extensions back nails done and I wax I
got I guess right now I'm just not
keeping up with myself but I getting
back to her it's just been it's been
weird past week five doing music this
week I'm doing the most
so flame
it all works out there's my mommy are
you ready for surgery no I wouldn't
really know
oh it's like this is this one gonna work
I don't know as I was telling that
nonchalantly it's gonna work I told her
I said it's gonna work this time
probably - I have no lotions on no
makeup you look beautiful now look at
who you like you can undercover
celebrity today I'm a plastic surgeon
her reconstructive kind of because it's
like yeah doc you want this well you do
but I'll be right up oh yeah you do that
video or no you're not fine with that
did you see my - its motivated yesterday
I said I was like oh you were going
somewhere different as you see always
the worst everyone's like what are you
talking about UCLA is the best Medical
Center and the war in the world thoughts
don't put that video back up when I get
home today you should and then I'll link
it below my mom's would happen in a min
ordeal so check that out but we are on
our way and this is the before before
mom gets all groggy now I'd be like this
might be like the baby last time you got
out of surgery you are happy you've
always been happy when you get out of
Scripture is asleep resting while we'll
see how it goes as you say it is so nice
people take care of you it's like Lister
I know they are usually really nice so
much like I felt Oakland 30 total estate
has somebody else taking care of you I
know I've never had that let me take
care of what your dad my dad yeah I
think I go oh that was my happiest times
zero to two perfect than all a downhill
is it no but feel like I'm going back
down you know you know you need to look
at if nothing else on all the people
every day okay Oh yesterday the airport
a guy came
I did we got a starter saying but he was
of Nordic references
he said my daughter was in here with me
a month ago she was so shy are you so so
and I'm like really
and he got all he goes did you take a
selfie with me no way oh my god did you
uh yep my guy jumped out from behind the
bar because I really wouldn't be too
cool like took we took a selfie oh my
god I know that later he goes above tip
is like oh excuse me
I'm really cutely up you guys yeah right
and he's like
like pizza
oh my god that's so nice and another
story I know I see sometimes I see like
on Twitter my mom popping up on selfies
with like that potage guy did he see he
posted it I know he was this yes sir I
was like okay it was kind of weird I to
see my mom and her work outfit with all
these people I'm like all right they're
a celebrity over there I thought that
probably for five people that's so funny
you never tell me that come I get turned
on the camera not that that's true but
the other one was up there were
my daughter
my guess a young girls you know maybe -
cause you're like working there and like
I look so legit you like have your
outfit on yeah I'm so funny that's
exciting to know that that's so cool
things that you don't patient adjustable
lot of stamp shows really only so much
thank you I appreciate that that's cool
I have to watch them we'll go do that
say I Walter say if you're sleeping I
gotta take care of my mommy all day so
if you sleep at all look at her standard
are you okay Nick we'll see about that
alright guys we are here at cosmetic
hair for my mom's nippy you excited for
your nipple I am I just hope it works
this time I mean there is a chance it
won't it's gonna want rejected no think
positive you have to think positive then
it comes there's a lot of ugly water on
while I put the container up to my boobs
oh it's only did what I have my
mastectomy that I did that through the
water and it worked because you were
cleared so that was good
can we just say this so phone oh you
have to show that the phone look at her
on cetera those the other comedy said
they're like who's mom's always on
snapchat huh they said that together
moms always on snapchat and you were on
sick okay look everyone last time look I
was like who's that everyone's like your
mom you need a helper my mom knows if
she want me what you don't know how this
was only $92 and it's 10 bucks a month
so I think I can and now it's not
ratchet she's gonna take my fungus can
be anyone's I'm gonna take this one and
push I mean this will help if it like
one when I drop a chance a book about it
oh my gosh
actually I've already dropped it to by
q-tip I kind of live it ever cash out my
foot so it was a soft like ending it
what did you just get to carry stuff and
then this into anything you can baby you
should have happen I probably should
have phone uh we do have a home phone to
in-home no I have a phone I forgot about
that
no your mom you should be vlogging mom
everybody loves to on YouTube everybody
misses you usually vlogging oh my she's
on snapchat but I feel like you too but
I know
I will someday mom literally oh gee I
you are at the beach every single day
that'll take much anyone play down
Viking going out for spaghetti for 3995
yeah exactly
there you go you have a Momo you're
always happy at you like I'm just bored
I have nothing to do do ya mean before I
work now I got a wartime be gone ain't
no every like always Friday night and
lonely I'm nothing to you I'm like why
aren't you talking
exactly yeah I guess it could yeah
spirit I do the running everywhere yes
really high blocky is I used to have
your video camera would you never bring
with you anymore I could fly headed out
to bigoted thumbnails okay oh thanks I
get the exclusive good thing did that
come there I got a meal with that like
to get a drink and stuff yeah we are the
convoys that comes with three thousands
in a large stream ok can we do that
ok would you like
punk realtors are fine yes that's fine
um yes then can I get a kind of ph3
oh this my mom by my shadow sorry okay
yeah the cheese pizza meal no would you
like anything to drink with us
a Diet Pepsi please oh my God look
nothing Diet Pepsi yeah yeah nothing um
and then can I get two orders of the
chips and cheese
yeah that's that oh okay I'm sorry what
does everything curve on the trim yeah
that looks right oh how could I get two
of the nachos and cheese through the
vultures and spit chips and cheese yeah
no that's it baby 16:26 he's bored thank
you thank you again
I mean is that what that drunken son
that's wrong guys taking pictures of you
here I thought you take a picture to him
why wasn't that drunk here at me
pictures look at her she just got our
surgery like 20 minutes ago
maybe I have a new pool yeah I know I
thought that I thought her nips were
there I was like oh they're perky show
their bandages was like okay we have to
snapchat snapchat okay guys I finally
made it to Shane's house we were having
a table read with the cast
Victor
and I get for two seconds I'm sorry
obviously though you're in it and then
and then it ol√° honestly the most
important character icon I am Thank You
G Wagen has a lot of screen I know I got
every shoot day from Joey tonight oh my
gosh no it's really really good I'm very
excited she you did amazing yeah hi look
at that really really good we were
saying that when you're in the bathroom
I was like this is actually like so good
and I'm so excited you're carrying
something good Oh Shane is back whale
air is so mean spoilers um is your book
gonna be out by the time it's never know
oh no July 18 this literally
rewarder what is it what's right now it
gets worst book calm but I'm really
excited about it I'm glad to be in it I
texted Shana I'm at the retard hanging
with the cool kids tonight know I use
overall retarded so you guys already
went right yeah it's an offensive word
oh yeah I'll bet circle I can say
anything were you ready Nathan figure
night effects woman
I um I my friend took a picture on
Instagram the other day and I'm he's
like Oh makes caption for me so I did
and I use the word faggots Oh the
caption really Wow never game people
know what is leave a girl
yeah cuz I was taught a fire it's a
bundle of sticks right so how's that
a bundle sticks yeah I love it so I can
say it too or no yes living next video
but tidal all of Sheen's roof in this
really bad luck are you see you oh
that's better
sorry I am that this is Joey's camera I
got this camera cuz of you you stole my
camera yeah actually smell it literally
for peanut-head it's like this big no
you lucky you're cute
I have friends everybody they still talk
to me
