good morning everyone about midday
actually I
it's a rough day so would you guys here
cuz my arms get tired
it didn't really think this needed to be
in the main channel video
I just have a lot of emotions that I
need to get out and things I wish I
could have said to this person that I
didn't
this morning was like one of the hardest
mornings because I knew I had to close a
chapter out in my life that was um
really fun and really special to me
there's somebody and I can't describe
this hurt in this pain because it's not
like heartbreak it's like like a
puncture to the heart where it's like
someone someone just really like had
your whole heart and then just like
punctured it and it just hurt you really
bad it's just a different kind of love
I'm gonna have had before it's not I
don't know how to explain it but I
thought it was but obviously wasn't and
he um he's the one that text the other
day when I was out I kind of put me in a
bag it wasn't a bad word it wasn't there
was nothing to be put a bad word he just
texted to come get some of the stuff
that was here and some stuff that was in
a storage unit that I had and um he just
left and meaning he had to go down and
get him and come up but he took his
stuff just laughs it didn't just I
didn't cry I wasn't trying to cry I
wasn't try to make it bad I was just
like Oh Oh what are you moving and okay
well you know make you happy and then
that was that we didn't I mean what's
there to talk about I guess actually
there's probably a lot to talk about
and I think that's what kind of hurt
most
no apology no explanation no closing the
chapter other than taking this shit
leaving it felt so cold and so empty
it's crazy how people change literally
overnight
I guess maybe just yep overnight
I had so much I wanted to do today and I
just crippling but you know it's over I
just hate when a situation is bad and
you mutually agree it's bad and move
forward it's like good I've never had
that it's always just ended in complete
chaos and mess and I know I'll be okay
just you know the next two days I have
filming I'm gonna be homeless Shane
actually my best friend forever I don't
know it's gonna be a lot of fun but
today it's just painful I can count on
one hand two people I think will be
forever in my life and this person I
thought would be here forever in my life
because there was no there was never any
like drama I thought there was no
judgment I thought and all this all that
all that stuff was everything I thought
was not true it was all lies and that
realization just hurts that you can be
so fooled and I just get so scared and
it makes me really sad because he was
he made me really happy and he was a
constant my life every single day I
heard from him we talked in two very
very strange to go from talking every
single day to never say it's like a dad
it's like a death is what it feels like
would you like a morning
Oh
I got a lot of stuff to do and I just
can't do any of it I just want to sleep
you know seeing someone to that you
really once loved and cared about it and
seeing them it just being so different
so cold oh my god it's crazy a crazy
feeling you know and it's again
different than like a breakup because
like when I have broken up with people
I've dated before it's a lot of times it
ends in disaster a mess but it's like a
breakup and you never see that person
again like even people who have stuff
who had left stuff at my house before
they usually don't come back so like
this is like the first time where like
someone's like come back and I had to
see them again and it was just like
and having said all that like seeing
someone when you know that you weren't
great either I wasn't the nicest at the
end and it was really her and I still
I'm really hurt and I think a lot of
people are like well you seem to move on
quickly I'm just doing my best that I
can to just to just move on and suppress
it in a way well I haven't suppressed it
I let myself feel the feelings I just
didn't trying to dwell on them
I let myself feel it and then I just
like when he texted me last night he's
go company stuff I was great says you
know was someone I was chasing and then
I was with Shane and it was like I was
surrounded by a lot of love and support
which I just don't have that much of but
yet last night it was it was almost like
it was like a cult like it was like
meant to be that that happened last
night because it was around people so I
don't know maybe I'll take a nap and see
if I can get out of the house and get
around some people today cuz when I tell
you I thought this guy was like a good
one like a good human and like genuine
and just like like I've never felt
someone had my back like this person and
to to find out it wasn't real
it's beyond a heartbreak of heart
puncture it's it's soul-crushing my soul
and my spirit and my being feels very
crushed and to physically see that and
to physically watch someone take their
bags and leave that's the greatest pain
for me is watching physically watching
someone abandon you I always have the
feeling people are gonna leave me and I
always feel like people are gonna leave
me but
be actually seeing that was oh that was
like my biggest fear that I had to watch
and like look in the face and be like
this is happening
someone's I thought was it forever and
promise never ever to sleep
okay okay I just sleep I'm so sorry I
need to sleep
thank you for listening to me I feel
better getting it off my chest it got it
out somebody heard it
the universe has heard it and I can
release it and like let it go
all right I'll see you guys in a little
bit oh I ordered something off the
skinny luscious menu nothing too crazy I
just woke up well about half hour ago so
I probably felt like I should because I
haven't eaten breakfast or lunch shoot
it's kind of like lunch dinner time with
four o'clock which I actually love you
too around this time because I kind of
by the time I start getting hungry again
I'm like sort of tired and I usually
like go to bed so never seen anything
it's not only worthy limit Wong Fei
listen
like pasta like 595 countries the whole
thing which is I try and keep it under a
thousand calories it is so it's good
filling it's really fully for 595
calories and it was really tasty too so
I'm just gonna eat some of that over
tummy some chicken and some spices it
actually delivers really well I don't
want to work out but I'm so tired and
still more I'm still really a key I woke
up my nap super 18
you would just chop this up as a as a
personal day I'm gonna really just sleep
in bed mmm I'm eating with you I don't
gamble cuz eating alone thumbs it really
sad right now I fought in the other
grandmother only just rappin now I find
anyone I'm dealing with anything
she's like really really good come on
it's healthy person I'm not saying it
like a healthy dish and but it's low
calorie which is bad though I mean
there's what piece of Oilers in the
heart
hmm
Digga hmm
are you watching it here tonight
so much stuff in my head thinking about
mm I think it's so overwhelming
oh I hate failing things so deeply it
affects my heart
mmm as I'm sitting here I'm looking at
all the Christmas present tray and slap
me I'm running I have to include a
happier blog you think Ollis if you got
me suppose I do it I'll show you a
picture Mac well there's two things
attention I am in this Trish mouth he
got mean I love customized things with
myself on it then he got me this morning
Mentalist which i think is so super cute
for my birthday it's not a focused i'm
ryan focused miss out would you like a
hole he got me so much stuff it so make
his presents coming today I already have
a custom thing to sometimes cause I'm
gonna take so long
shame Oh sweetie I'm so happy
I'll be fine with him tomorrow mmm next
two dates action it's really ambitious
just a big production
I couldn't be happier to be a part of it
Chardin I'm very talkative but thank you
for eating with me Jason Momoa was doing
a meet-and-greet in New Orleans I almost
went I almost went this weekend but
because I have changed shoot tomorrow
and then you know everyone was getting
back in town from the holidays it's like
I kind of just I'm glad I stayed I mean
I love Jason Lo and I've seen le people
meet him and I'm super jealous and I
would have left Gordon Orleans
but just damn particular who's gonna
meet agree not meet-and-greet but like
them I guess it's like that's a photo-op
thing just a job here whatever if I was
there right now good today and history
would have gone down but not every day
we can meet Jason want a picture with
him Nicole easy fast you
really really good
hmm
late part of me just wants to go back to
bed for freshmen and I wake up early to
skip stuff around unless we would like
to get separated the night before but
I'm gonna just mentally drained mentally
exhausting
and killed it pressure
I'm tired alright that's that probably
first vlog I don't know if I do
something else exciting you'll see it if
not he'll say good night to you guys why
you get up in bed kind of like myself I
am worn out motion exhaustion like I
have nothing in me at this moment no
feelings no thoughts and just straight
so there today was the day from hell and
it's just it's like it's it's I'm like
I'm officially just giving up I I don't
know why this is making me so upset but
it really is obviously I get a ton of
hate comments and troll comments all the
time and I'd like never care but I it
was so weird I was actually like texting
Jason like about something completely
different
and I was super sad about our Pam and
tell me videos that went up today cuz I
love I love Pamela and obviously I love
Tommy because he's like a huge part of
her life and like they're just an iconic
they're iconic
they're icons in history so so much
about those videos anyway it was
touching Jason and like also like
simultaneous like while I'm waiting for
him to reply or whatever I'm looking in
Instagram and I follow Tommy Lee forever
on Instagram and I saw he was watching
her video and I even like voicemail
Jason was like oh my god so he's like
watching her video this is so cool like
he's watching the video and someone's
like filming his reaction and I'm like
this is so close so excited and then I
wasn't so excited I feel like Taylor
Swift at the VMAs when Kanye comes is
like hold up hold up but even worse you
didn't say the same Beyonce's better
he's Miz's saying you're trash you're
not even close like fuck yourself so on
insta the last picture I posted of a
side-by-side of me and Jason forum up
the video it's like first a lot of
stupid YouTube video there is it's a
very common take on YouTube YouTube hold
recreating sexy couple photos or awkward
couple photos I've done I did it with my
ex-boyfriend just like recruiting like
Mariah Carey and her backup dancer
boyfriend like I do it a lot on my
channel I
like I've always loved Pammy my anyone
who's been here for a long time knows I
recreate Pam on so many occasions so the
photographer who shot those photos has
shot pan like his ex-wife was like her
makeup artist and hat is still her make
awareness move past like 20 years like I
love them like I love them and I love
Tommy I actually met Tommy Lee when I
was like 15 my dad took me to Vegas it
was when his Tommy Lee album came out
and he did a signing at like Tower
Records or something like that and I met
him he's so sweet and nice and like he
owes and then even on the shoot day
Jason was like yeah I've met cuz I guess
he's dating this girl from vine in the
night told Jason that's oh yeah he's
dating a combiner and so crazy right and
he's like oh I know her and I've
actually been to his house and he's
super cool and he's supportive of her
and he's a really nice guy because that
makes me feel that that makes me so
happy because you know what I love when
like people I idolize and sell our night
it's like and that was that's really
cool like this was all I can homage like
I spent money and time and I created
like a video idea all because it was
recruiting sexy couple photos but like I
chose all Pam and Tommy photos because I
love them I think they're so sexy I
think they're iconic couples people
dress up like them for Halloween all the
time I don't understand I don't
understand why I I'm like I just this
has been like I don't know what the
universe is lining up right now
it's just not my day they've had a
bottle of Jack and I'm gonna go pass out
in bed because I'm so confused and like
so hurt I don't know tell me Lee but
like I've loved him since I was like a
little girl
like since watching Pam and seeing them
on like you know TV shows and magazines
and stuff like I've always loved them
since I was like 9 this is like its
honestly soul-crushing and I'm like
smiling cuz I don't know I'm so confused
he's called me he called me a bitch on
Instagram he says I need to get a light
that it looks Pamela someone said Oh
Trish looks more like Pam than Pam and
he said he writes back to her are you
fucking high like he's literally
spamming my Instagram with hey I'm
I am a so confused you guys I'm like I
give up I give up oh oh my god what I
don't know I don't know what to do I
like I don't know how that video was a
how it was at an offensive video like
why did you say this bitch needs to get
a life like I'm so so confused someone
just said what Tommy's just man Oh
anyways people like people are texting
me about it I think up is one time I had
tweeted like oh my god like Tommy Lee
seeing that girl from vine that's so
crazy and I and then she wrote back
something and I could tell she was like
offended
I guess because maybe I didn't know her
name I don't expect anyone to ever know
my name like no one ever knows my name
like youtubers like I'm like the black
sheep of YouTube like I'm not I don't go
to scenes I'm not in the scene like you
know what I mean like I don't expect
people to know my name so thing she was
offended and I remember writing back to
her so I oh my god girl like of course
like oh no it's not important but that's
like I think that was maybe she like she
doesn't like me for whatever is I never
met her I actually know nothing about
her and I know nothing about him I just
but even Gigi Gigi gorges like mountain
my BFF she met them at gay pride and
said they were so sweet I'm so I'm so
confused
oh my god it's just that day okay I'm
gonna go I'm like literally just gonna
get drunk and like pass out and forget
this day happen like I am if for those
of you who enjoy seeing the
administrator here you go this is I
can't catch a break I don't know I don't
know if I should leave those videos I
spent so much like time and energy like
I was really excited about them
especially those photos like I couldn't
be more excited because I love Pam and
Tommy and I love those photos I always
have I thought they were such beautiful
pictures I don't I'm just I I don't know
and I don't want anyone to send him he
or anything at all I'm just like I don't
want to be in drama I'm almost 30
this is so stupid
I'm just gonna like be a Rekluse again
so this is what it comes down to I kind
of thought don't act in a central show
you talk shit on mine and Tommy's
relationship a month ago on Twitter and
then you try to pay homage check
yourself girl don't be rude to people
and expect them to like you okay let me
show you the tweets this is what I said
back in freaking August I said that girl
from vine dating Tommy Lee it's the
weirdest thing ever it's all so
confusing they said nothing to use about
bebe were very happy I said oMG not a
diss I'm here for it just random
unexpected and I live how was how is
that a disk or dissing the relationship
I was like I was like just shocked
because they were in the news about like
joining the mile-high club and I was
like oh my god this is so crazy like you
know obviously I'm on social media and
sup like that and I've seen her before I
didn't I really truly didn't know her
name or anything that I wasn't like
trying to diss I was like this is so
confusing it's so weird
nothing like crazy I mean people always
say oh my god what a weird pairing or
like any time I was like whatever and
then after she said that it's like okay
she sounded like I said a little a
little but her and so I was like oh my
god like not a diss like I'm totally
here for like I think that's everything
so I guess that make sense it makes me
feel a little better either way what is
this okay so I apologize I guess if I
just the relationship and I wasn't
paying homage this is gonna sound like
it is it's not but I wasn't like I was
trying to pay homage to him now or just
like you guys as a couple no disrespect
like I love when celebrities especially
ones as polarizing as Pam and Tommy I
mean they're they're always gonna go
down and like history and like people
are always going to talk about them and
so I just I like chose the photos not
thinking about him now at all or not
even thinking about her now and the only
reason I brought it up was cuz Jason
this was on dying and I was like oh like
he's dating that girl from PI yeah I
know and she's nice and then all this so
I don't know I apologize I don't want to
be in drama this is crazy
I'm gonna just delete my Instagram posts
that I screenshot of his things I just
want this to all go away and that's the
beauty of alcohol so goodnight I'm done
for the day I'm sorry I don't I'm sorry
I don't want to offend anybody this is
so weird
I feel like I'm in the twilight zone I
don't feel like this is real life right
now so I apologize to Brittany Furlan
and Tommy Lee I'm sorry you guys are
great I hope you get married and
everything that you want
I love Pam I'm sorry I don't know I
don't know what to say I honestly just
don't I'm nervous and that's it okay I'm
gonna just go back to drinking you guys
can all make the alcohol look I'll make
the alcoholic jokes because like I know
a lot of other people will show like
alcoholic or whatever other jokes do you
want to make I don't know this bitch
needs to get I'm okay I'm not gonna
cries I'm gonna go bye guys
