hey guys were at the Grove controversy
today everyone's like why to see Jesus
on your chart actually here at the Grove
yeah I did what they came to the Grove
to buy Starbucks and asked her if she
wanted in Beach the guy one black tea
Jesus turns water I see that's no water
I see over 20 actually one of the most
elite or not most me only is person I
know he hates hair shit he's like can
you be here at noon and they're like
okay yeah they gave me a time frame they
give him an exact time I'm like no no no
you'll be right thank God for him so
angels out of town so well I know we're
like we did a hangout yeah yeah we're
both kind of crazy and we're a very
childlike everywhere we're waiting
somewhere else okay
where are the place I don't know what
else
and her YouTube channel is I love it and
you go with your friends give us poke
butter oh yeah there we go
and you do with your friends yeah if you
do with my friend she's like my best
friend so really yeah check my links and
below she's literally one of the bubbly
people I've ever met in my life
this is everything and it made me so
happy because I literally like this is
how I envisioned everyone to be just
like me just bubbly I'm right and I love
it check out her channel I love her you
were just a few thing ever so how do you
want to be an awesome mom and their
friend you guys want to be on the blog
or no no
now it's focusing on the nachos of
course it focuses after Tatiana Lee you
said hey this is snapping over there
they said hey Zuzu you're so gorgeous
you are so gorgeous model though so good
yeah that looks amazing thank you nobody
proper
are you so excited doesn't like porn
right now getting to look at your pretty
face that should be your channel you if
you were getting like a shirt your chest
open I love that all right he's found
his muse so this is the actual hairstyle
that I created for Coachella Coachella
girls that are gonna go out there have
you had a couple of better Omega extra
Coachella hair by GCT literally burnt
out from everything as Coachella it's
pretty much everything now these
mannequins where I Coachella Coachella
didn't even know I wasn't either fuck
that but I kind of want to be after
these braids we can you braid my hair
like this okay let's see what he's got
he's ready for patella week to come I am
like that's actually everything you jab
