good morning everyone it feels so weird
like vlog so early in the morning I am
going to get this hair installed my
weaves hecka - yes my short hair for one
last time it looks crazy obviously when
I wake up but I look like a little
mushroom or something short hair you
know what guys I can take it for a
minute
but I don't know I feel like it makes my
face a little a little too round so
that's why I'm getting my own it since
Mehcad I have this Wonder Woman pajama
thing on a tie even a set but it's so
funny hat had like the blue bottoms with
it because these are like really really
old shorts is like kind of an old tank
top and I never match usually complete
go to bed I'm like - sleeping alone
obviously so I was like we're in that
match today so anyways that that is what
I'm doing so I thought I would show the
hair one last time it's growing I mean
all this on top used to be literally
like a half an inch like a year and a
half ago like you should stick straight
up so I like that it's growing finally
and I got a lot off - like um angel did
you like this little box becoming a lot
off in the back but it's okay so I was
gonna get extensions back so like let's
just cut it a bob for a minute now I'm
like oh he need a Saxa that's today's
agenda and I gotta find something to
wear but I want to be comfortable the
struggle being cute and comfy not really
- no but okay we're just gonna make a
happy anniversary much together because
and I'm going to Fiji water um because
it is going to be in one it won't be as
long as what's going to originally be
because originally because they're kind
of low I'm sorry about that you
literally de'cine stomach and boobs I
really have nothing else apologizing so
hopefully that's okay um it would have
been longer had a needle not taking out
my extensions last week for shoot I had
to come out which takes a shower a half
mmm then you have to wash it and dry it
which I said a half hour so like two
hours that we save so literally I was
going to have a half of university much
because like I said I'm not hungry
hungry but at the same time like the
fine go to is in a hotel so they have
like you can order from
ever since we're dealing eight in the
salon like before like getting
beautified and also like that I feel
like whenever you order smells of the
place to eat if you order something
yummy so I'm just gonna make something
you listen I feel like I never feel
awkward eating in public it's like at a
restaurant
I feel like awkward eating and public at
places you're not so sweet eating out
like people do order like um hotel food
at one but I always feel like it's
awkward you know I don't care how big
respond I just feel exact word I like
being like a hamburger oh people are
getting their routes process um you guys
I'm gonna be completely honest with you
like I'm are you like having Whitley Oz
but the past couple of you know my life
has been my moment my mentalness my
mental illness and mental health I don't
know I've been having conflict I've been
having a lot of mental conflict and
maybe issues did my own head and maybe I
need to get over it but a lot of my
relationships have been suffering not
just intimate relationships friendships
and family relationships and a lot of
that has been suffering cuz I kind of
don't know how to handle myself and I
don't feel the best about myself all the
time and lately it's been a little
harder than before so I don't know it's
just I'm just gonna kind of a weird
state but that's what I'm eating for my
breakfast um I don't know I don't know
why I had to share that I've been
feeling a little off you know that try
everyday everyday if you're dealing with
depression anxiety or anything else take
on a day-by-day basis today
mornings and nights are always hardest
for me mmm which are Schlemmer so at
night time has to be around people and
mornings are hard but I have to learn to
be around myself so anyways help you
guys it all been
I just want to share with you some all
right off to this long ago I seriously
feel like a care got a jawbreaker right
now or some movie from the 90s um like
wish upon a star do you guys know any of
these moves I'm referencing these
sunglasses are kind of everything I'm
kind of obsessed I actually ordered them
like a few weeks ago and kind of just
like in I don't hope I don't have a
warning pile anymore in my house but I
kind of dislike tossed him aside like
not only thinking about animals I can
think of like batteries and cords with
my wood if those in there anyways I was
like I'm doing whatever I'm gonna wear
these sunglasses like they were in a
case like you know what they were
they're like in this I don't know they
were kind of put them on it's like I'm
feeling it I did brush my teeth this
morning I did a peanut butter sandwich
so I wasn't quite type I didn't eat I
didn't but anyways guys alright um I
just wanted to kind of continue a little
bit I won't want make this berry look a
little bit I when I was talked about
this morning
um just in the sense that I haven't been
feeling like myself 100% and
and um the thing is alive about getting
a break on social media it's my mental
state actually has nothing really to do
I mean a little bit I think mentally you
get a little bit affected by social
media but when I'm talking about
struggling with relationships family
family you know family and also
friendships I'm talking about outside of
social media because I think even with
my last relationship and any
relationship really I think well I mean
I can just say that at something people
might think this sounds fake but I don't
you don't share everything you don't
share the bad things that happened the
conflict the you know I think in real
life too like I don't if I have a
relationship problem I don't I don't
share it necessarily with my family
because I don't want them to look at
that person differently and if I have a
family problem I don't necessarily share
it with for some in a relationship with
and and that goes thing with friends
sometimes they don't share everything in
my relationship like problems or family
with my friends because you just don't
want anyone to have that like jaded
sense of judgment on them like you know
oh well because you do like I'm gonna
just say it from my perspective my my
sister and my mom complain about their
boyfriend or even if my friends complain
about theirs gonna you do have you do
kind of judge them and you kind of hold
that like well I don't like this person
because they did this to you and so I
get I get like that with YouTube too
it's like I can't I don't want to share
every conflict
because I wouldn't do that in my real
life so I don't know I guess the point
of this is La Mancha
you need to just take a break from
socially the thing is I love social
media I do is I can this may sounds act
like the only thing I have for me right
now which I'm thankful for because I
love it and you know I have a lot of fun
on social media so it's it's not that I
need a break from social media I think I
think what you guys see as my break
downs our social media related and
that's why I take up social media I got
there's that but honestly the problems
somebody quotes today air quotes the
problems in my that I found social media
that I that are bothering me you are
real problems and they do affect my real
life but in the grand scheme of it when
I think about what's going on in my head
what's going on with my actual
relationships in my life it's kind of
the social media problems are kind of
very human is still very not relevant
and it's it's you know I don't know
social media is my life and at the same
time it's us it can be so I guess I
wouldn't say it's it's such a hard thing
to explain so I want to say it's like it
is a department life but again grand
scheme of things right when something
traumatic happens your life or even just
happiness happens in your life social
media is like this fun little extra
bonus outlet you know and sometimes it
can consume too much but I always
thought I'd had a pretty healthy balance
until I start having these like my
friend comes mom I go but you guys I am
okay a lot of a lot of people were
concerned which I totally appreciate
that person literally riding like that
median um I do appreciate the concern
I'm hundred percent like I don't and I
don't think any of its not not valid um
it's like I'm hot and cold I said we're
gonna pause at 27 um but I just I just
appreciate you guys and I just don't
want I don't know I feel like I have
been kind of all over the place and I'm
still trying to find footing you know I
think it definitely
a lot of this definitely spawned from
this last guy not wanting to talk to me
anymore and I think because I was I
think was I was actually the happiest
I've ever been
with that person and hurt the most
because the other two boyfriends who
left me and broke my heart why would you
so many airports don't know I guess
because what is boyfriend what is a
relation shadow no maybe over dinner
they should about an open the two that
I've considered before this guy you know
I was happy with they made me happy but
it was nothing compared to the happiness
I felt with this last guy in my life it
literally was nothing and they say that
they say that that like you know when
the thing with Roger ended I was like
holy shit this guy was my only happiness
in life like what the fuck like how am I
ever gonna be happy again and then I met
Matt Sean and you know it didn't start
out I think a lot people like oh it just
started out so strong it didn't actually
at all when we first started hanging out
in December it was fun whatever like we
hung out look for the first night I
probably in a room I don't know the
first night we hung out
the first night we hung out I think I'm
told him this or I think I told you guys
is out now or maybe I was told my head
this but um yeah I wasn't even like you
know to to have that initial hang out
with someone I'm not always like super
like enthused most of the time cuz I
just know I don't mesh with a lot of
people people just I don't know I don't
I don't have trouble sometimes making
friendships so I just hung out it was so
much fun and it was a lot of fun and
then we hung out the next day and that
was like so much fun and then I had to
go and I hung out with Pete and you know
just was whatever then he left and oh he
took me to do my car whatever and then
he left
Chelsea snails for the holidays New
Year's Eve do you know this when he was
gone like I just didn't really I mean I
was like I don't know I guess we're in
like close we weren't like super close
to the fact that I was like oh really
really Muslim it was just more like okay
cool like when I get back whatever let's
hang out like it wasn't like a thing
when he was gone you know um-hmm you
know it definitely formed over time you
know I've granted yes open fast lean
over time you know but I think cuz we
were spending so much time together and
I think for me anyone I spent a lot of
time with you know I obviously really
like that person and I'd never I say
this truthfully I mean never spent more
time around a person I probably the
three months I spent around Sean
day and night I mean it's more than I've
spent with any boyfriend anything you
know before I was it was so much deeper
than than anything that could be
explained because you know we've talked
and loosely using quotes you know we've
spoken I guess you know don't you know
pop run how was your day
nothing like that but the times we have
talked you know he um he's like you know
cuz you know I when I was kind of a
breakdown over it I was like you never
cared he never wanted to be around and
he's just like I don't spend that much
time with people I don't care about and
don't want to be around you know and I
you know you have to believe that I mean
I don't know I don't know you don't
wanna talk about this if I kind of I
don't does not where this was supposed
to be go facing um but I do struggle
with that still there's other you know I
have relations with my family that I
struggle with and I have a struggle you
know and ironically my biggest struggle
is usually made up in my head it's made
up in my head but it's executed aloud to
these people and I feel like you know
people close to me
I feel like I just need a healthy
balance I feel like I get obsessed with
people I remember years ago talking
about this machine you know getting
obsessed with people want to be around
those people but then it kind of like
then it crashes and burns if you around
them too much but it's for me it's so
hard because when I'm happy and I love
something I'd love to keep doing that so
it's like a it's like a drug and I feel
with love especially I don't because I
struggle with love you know
and I just
when I feel it I want it all the time
and um oh it's gonna take a lot of
willpower to learn with the next one to
not be so obsessed with each other I
don't know but then it's like you hear
people who are married 35 years and
they're like I we've never been apart
you know I don't know I don't know what
the answer is and this is the mess this
is the you're getting a little inside of
a mental struggle of my life the
struggle I deal with inside my head and
I deal with this constantly especially
when I don't get out of the house like I
haven't been the past couple days and so
now it's good I'm going to get my hair
down and I love Zoey so much she's so
sweet and we you know not that we hang
out outside of getting our hair done or
anything but you know I do feel just
talking even if it's not a good
therapist even if just your hair person
just like talking to other people helps
because I've isolated myself like I said
a couple blocks ago I don't know I mean
it's what part of the spa got out I said
a couple blocks below or Blanco whatever
that like I wanted to call people to
hang out and I just did it I don't know
i isolated myself and I need to not do
that I need to not so getting my hair
down today I think it's gonna like help
when I make myself go out with someone
actually it's so funny Thursday nights
are the popular nights for Trish because
literally three people asked me to hang
out tonight and I kind of I've kind of
not haven't blown Ani one off but kind
of when keen wanted isn't some kind of
not really sure who or I should say yes
to or water should say yes to because
they all kind of asked me like the same
time and I don't want to I hate to like
but literally this whole week like no
one's really asked me to hang out so
it's been oh I'm not saying like sue
properly resolved Thursday nights I'm
like oh my god who do and then since I
had it said guess anyone yet kind of
goal now who do I say
that guy it looks like Rick Moranis but
I mean obviously he's young so he's not
regress but holy shames
cute
hmm and I know oh my god they said one
other thing after just real quick the
boy crazy thing okay I know it seems
like I'm always around boys and I like
cute boys I do but I get boy crazy
especially after after losing someone in
your life like I get a little boy crazy
it fills a void and I I won't be like
this forever and in fact I'm kind of
toning down on them trying I have been
trying to focus more of my friends like
you know up on dates though because I do
like I like detection I like intimacy I
like that so I obviously I'm gonna run
date I'm not gonna jump trust me trust
me I'm not going up in anything out like
no and to be honest even with with Shawn
even when our friendship that we had at
the beginning it's like even that I
wasn't like trying to be making new
friends you know what I think I really
wasn't trying to have another person in
the in the mix because I was happy with
my circle of friends and I don't know
and I know I'm a crazy person and I
don't want to disrupt anyone's life
sometimes when I meet new people I don't
want to be that bomb that explodes in
their life which I feel like I be keen
in Shawn's life and I feel terrible
about it anyways I don't know why we
keep don't know why he talked about I
should I need to move I know I need to
move on I'm not gonna it's just you know
like I said this is the mental struggle
of my life and because you guys know
Shawn I talked about it but like I said
friendships you know
I don't know oh I need to just stop
talking cuz like and is mentally
struggle with this because it's uh
it's my freakin you guys all up it
freaks me out oh my God look at this
hair all right guys let's lips lips
let's pray for some good hair day if
nothing else cuz good hair like I said
before can make your whole day change
your whole attitude and with your world
around I came here
and my stylists joy left by the way no
no I hate towards her but was like your
assistants in common I'm like great
great now I'm and she's gone for the
next week so this is what I'm dealing
with for another week this is how you
know the universe is not in my favor
this month nope that wasn't the end of
short hair no no can we just talk about
can we just talk about how literally
universe hates me right now like
literally the universe is hates me I
don't know I don't know I've been trying
to change for the past 15 years of life
because I know whatever I'm doing in
life it doesn't seem to be working all
that well and and I just you know what I
don't know I don't know I don't know
what to do
I've been changing I keep changing I try
and change I try and save on occasions
and therapists I'm looking to have him
enter break down like I might actually
have want to break down so anyways I got
all the way there patrol dogs parking
basically it was like oh you're here to
come in so sorry like what what not a
big deal these are all first real
problem it's really not a big deal
that's just going this is about on par
for what my life has become so for all
of you who's like Trish's gonna get
what's coming to a while don't worry
this house 15 years old life I've been
getting what's coming to me okay like I
was a hooker a stripper a fucking addict
like I've gotten whatever karma I've had
since birth if it's been it's been
getting me so I don't know why people
think like Oh Karma's gonna get her
bitch Karma's been getting you a whole
life so I don't know um I don't know
maybe I'm just a fucking devil I don't
fucking know at this point like like I
said this is the everything is so like
not that important really it's really
not it's just like kind of one of those
things like the icing on the cake this
the fucking straw that breaks the
camel's back as I was saying I don't
even get that saying how does fucking
straw break a camel's back like what
I just a whatever I think things are
turning around they are not and this is
literally the story of my life it's just
literally a story my life and at this
point it's funny it's fucking sad it's
fucking in it but it is what it is you
know what I mean it just is and I'm just
that's just my so that's what's
happening so I have this short hair I
don't know I how do i orderd wings like
a week ago and I hopefully coming in I'm
gonna go post I'll snap him up we'll
pick up a package I hope I pray my
weights out there that'd be so cool I'll
just walk wings for the next week cuz my
fucking mad like a legit legit mess so
that's what we're dealing with today guy
it says what we're dealing with so yay
for those church haters who just want to
see everything bad fall apart like I'm
showing it to you I mean things hope are
all the time for me I don't wanna show
up but this is it this I'll show it to
you and the dumb just this is my life at
this point I'm just really kind of used
to it so awesome alright guys so I did
something I have never done in like a
really long time and that was like
actually like make something at my house
to eat and I'm having this bowl of mac
and cheese with Alec ray mention this in
a favorites before I look for a lemon
and editing some vlogs and watching the
Goldbergs over there um so animes I said
I share got this bowl from Target I mean
with a plastic fork cuz I thought most
my dishes I have not found any utensils
I don't know I just never owned any I
don't know but um anyways this day has
been uneventful so tomorrow I am getting
glam um and I'm getting out of the house
and just I'm gonna force himself out out
even if it's by myself I'm gonna go take
myself to a movie or something like I'm
gonna force myself to get out because
this is not healthy but it's okay like
now I'm like tired and I'm like ready go
to bed so I just want to make something
to even watch TV and
just go to sleep but anyways um thanks I
stick you with me
hopefully these blogs will get a little
more active and I'll be doing a little
more um but until then this is the trip
in mac and cheese in a plastic bowl kind
of Trish mmm getting back to those
basics
it backs those roots 13 year old Trish
Lovecraft mac and cheese out of a box
hmm I'm so poor that I'm not gonna lie
