hey what's going on y'all oh I should be
the scare I was I have to show you my
hair hat I'm having a pretty good day so
I was having a pretty shitty past few
days where I literally haven't left my
house or anything so when you have those
days where you just feel like you have
no ambition to do anything you don't
want to leave your house like just get
up and like shower wash your hair you'll
actually like feel better about yourself
and like you'll want to get out of your
house now that sounds like crazy maybe
like stupid advice or like obvious
advice but like not always obvious to me
but anyways I'm actually feeling pretty
good today I filmed a few videos I
filmed my Donald Trump ah like reaction
video I guess to my own video I don't
know um so hopefully by the time you see
this hopefully that's all blown over
because like like I said in the video I
mean get to watch the video but like I
said the video it was all taken just so
in a way that I was not meant to be
taken at all but I did that video I did
a video on my weight loss and now I'm
about waiting for food for a mukbang
video one of my eating show videos
mainly because I was like ooh do I want
to eat badly or do I want to eat good
like well I would think it looked it and
so it's like I don't want to eat bad I
kind of want to eat bags I haven't even
bag like not a while I guess I didn't
even eat anything really I literally
have like a one piece of chocolate the
whole day because I just didn't feel
like putting stuff in my body the day
before that I was eating kind of happy
like just chicken and I had some fruit
it sounds like you know what let's just
eat bad day but I think I can justify I
can do an eating show because then I
don't feel as bad about it and I can
share it and I can rewatch over and over
when I'm craving it but I don't want to
eat it so it's like I would have all my
favorites from Cheesecake Factory like a
lot like a way more than I would
normally get for like just a single like
I'm hungry meal but I am gonna put it in
the freezer the fridge so y'all don't
think my leftovers but anyways I haven't
been vlogging that much which I kind of
feel bad about because but I haven't
done anything bitch we have not left my
house in like days so I'm I'm just like
okay just like get some makeup on your
face and this bra the only thing with
short hair it is a Hydra bra so like
this bra is like ugly AF with this I
don't know what else to wear I can't
really find me pause this keeps going
out of focus what does I want to focus
on I wanna focus on that back there but
yeah so I'm like that I'm editing right
now and like I said I'm waiting for my
food so that I'm gonna eat
who knows I'm gonna try and hang out
with someone tonight I don't know I'm
gonna check some friends and be like hey
if not then I'll just be at home looking
pretty looking cute because I actually
did my hair makeup but like I said I the
first time I just did my hair makeup
from me I'm not really going anywhere or
seeing one and also I'm trying to plan
my next dancing time getting my
extensions back and a lot of you like
this work ever I'm gonna get my
extensions back on Thursdays Tuesday so
Thursday so I'm just they're gonna be
short again but not this short maybe
like down to here or something um but
yeah music oh that's an update - I'm
getting my music completed I have like
to go in a studio like a few more times
to get it completely done
thank God it's progressing and moving
forward it was kind of at the standstill
like once this EP is out holy shit this
is gonna be like an accomplishment
accomplishments because it's been quite
the journey passing it around to
different people and people backing out
and people coming in and people saying
they're gonna finish something when they
don't so at least we're not at a
standstill like we have them for the
past month and a half and I am so
thankful for that cuz I really just
thought for a minute that this is not
gonna happen nothing very frustrated so
like I said this is definitely the labor
of love it's not just as easy peasy as
it was when I was going with one guy and
I'm doing kind of a half-ass job with it
and stuff uh so I'm really working hard
to try and make it good and try and get
things ready so I can start doing music
videos and stuff cuz I really truly love
doing that stuff I really have been
feeling not myself not being able to
create and perform and all that kind of
stuff so hopefully that'll be coming in
the next couple weeks you can get back
in the studio because I miss it and
that's kind of everything so I guess
we'll keep you guys up to date this
outfit I had another one on earlier from
Nasty Gal but this one's from Venus and
I really like it's really cute like for
summer I think it's super cute some my
OTD yeah my other one was like this blue
for in Strassmann well insert it
somewhere it was really really cute -
it's from Nasty Gal
and i really liked it and that's what I
usually really like tight fitting on me
like really small but it fit perfectly
and it was a large because like nasty
Elle sizes can be a little small but I
fit great so anyways I thought I
catch it all up my Rick Moranis pillow
back here was like what is that we pull
up me and Rick Moranis
that my friend Michaela sent to me from
Canada hey girl shut up girl this is the
camera I film with everyone always asks
what cameras give them with this is what
I film for my is that still focusing on
that pillow this is the one I film with
my armor everyday like my main channel
videos it's a Canon Rebel t3 I've had it
first
seven years I think six years maybe a
long time and it's amazing and hold up
and it's trusty and true and just easy
for me to use and then I was gonna show
you my vlogging camera but I'm holding
it it's a Sony g7 X oh my gosh
oh my McFly I'm gonna cry Wow okay
that's on Seth without skis YouTube
channel oh my god you guys focus on my
um what Adam Pascal has Pascal Pascal
has fucking voice I've ever heard ever
heard above Roger Bart above Christian
Bora above all the great above Michael
Crawford about every single great
Broadway actor that I love or singer
that I love I know I said I gotta focus
by the way I just ate cheesecake factory
I love Louisville well it's all crazy um
what it was actually recommended to me
this video ironically because y'all know
right okay so y'all know anyways well
the one that no no you know I don't
really like go into it but I was like
okay it's a disaster but it was Adam has
to sing me once on glory and I was like
oh that is my jam cuz I click on it and
or like okay I clicked on it and his boy
fucking gives me the fucking shells I
want to see this show so bad I know I
can't because I look like a crazy
stalker but every once anyways I'm like
gonna finish watching this but I was
just like what is this phenomenon that
is out of Haskell's voice like what why
did Adam Adam not become like this huge
fucking does I know he's so huge in his
own right especially on Broadway like
he's fucking brilliant everyone loves
him but like why is he not like
monumental like beyond I'm trying to
think like a singer to even compare to
him with a came think of somebody like
why didn't he not become fucking huge I
don't understand like helpful me oh he's
so good oh my god he's okay he's got
married I looked it up already I was
like oh maybe like I'll know he's
married but he's really looking good and
I don't know why this keeps going out of
focus it's trying to focus on other
things behind me but this is amazing I'm
so happy this person posted this video
like it's making my whole day when I did
you see Cheesecake Factory like I was
saying earlier and I'm gonna edit that
but I'm just like got mesmerized I got a
little sidetracked
