okay so it was a late night last night
it's one o'clock I'm just getting out of
my house now because mostly because I
was forced to because I picked coming
clean
so I just got out and I was gonna get
like a pedicure and get my eyebrows done
I pick up packages and post office cuz
it's all stuff I need to do and I just
hung on done this week and then I just
in like wow it's raining it's like
pouring right I don't get antsy but it's
like pouring rain down and I have
flip-flops t-shirt and shorts on
everyone looks so warm like they're all
in like he's like their coats bundled up
and I'm just like chillin in like a
summer outfit apparently so I don't know
I want to like get out I gotta say this
my sleeve my crust for like a minute but
I thought I would vlog and chat because
I feel like I didn't have a wrap up to
any of my blogs recently so
an address last night all right yeah
last night okay Instagram
everyone's like where'd all these girls
come from walls and we'll actually known
Siena for quite a while I met her maybe
like three years ago at our style hall
party and then I met panda her friend at
New Year's Eve and so we all kind of
became friends um they travel a lot so
that's why I don't see them a lot more
lectures you never say but really always
people are like you know she have
girlfriends I'm like really working on
it I'm like really trying to meet
girlfriends but like I have to like you
know work at it you know and the times
that like I'm like I wish there was like
an app for meeting girlfriends like
friends you know their leader same
gender because I have a ton of guy
friends who I love I love that your own
guys so much but I always feel like I
need like more girlfriends need me I
don't know I always say that and then
they always screw me over but Janna I'm
heading out very very nice girls like
they're so genuine like don't care about
filming like we've hung out a few times
and we've never like filmed or anything
so I was just like well I should
probably like vlog this because after I
should have logged the whole meal
because the whole meal was like
ridiculously amazing and they took me
out I was very very sweet I was like
next one being you girls out so anyways
that's what I thought I'd catch you guys
up on I am so sorry I look so rough I am
like looking busted on so many levels
but some opposite because it went from
what I have it here to here just pops
around so right across from CBS Studios
because my old place is like right there
look it up with Shrek
ol√° aren't you supposed to have
beautiful weather all the time
no okay I must manage such apt I'm
trying to kill time procrastinate but
now go to snapchat because that'll kill
time for us
oh hey everyone just casually dressing
like the Beatles today uh we have angel
over here who did my hair now he's
finishing my house back to wet round by
round five of oh I think it's literally
like round seven eight nine ten um but
no we did like this mullet today what
would you say is this inspired by what
like the entire when zendaya went to
what would I think it was D MTV musical
or the Golden Globes I think she worked
for the Golden Globes and then that was
this I got the Lighting's better if I go
over here oh yeah that's better I was
like oh I like guard okay there we go
yeah so um series and diet well we were
sailing I want like the Beatles like
just a mock cut yeah we were originally
supposed to do moe I'm not a Melina a
chilli ball huckleberry pin here haha
but we thought let's edge it up a little
bit so we did did more of this Sundaya
it looks really good I was like nervous
Joan Jett meets tada
fairy dad meet Anna Nicole and Nicole
with the boobs right now partying the
good they're all partying together um
and then we have my eighties up there
with grabbin easy do it agent wanna do
it earlier but I like you have to do it
this party that was what your favorite
or your scariest part are you guys
always my scariest come on et okay got
et phone home on home oh come on okay
y'all I've literally had these pants
taken in twice
and they still are so big like I'm
nothing I'm like so skinny but that's
like crazy right
oh my god I was like so excited about it
though I was like wow these are still
because I had them taken in last time
and I'm like wow they're still thank you
I mean I'm living like what I got I did
a Jenny Craig commercial like lost all
this weight on Jenny Craig crazy
I'm so excited a lot of them but I don't
need them in because these are custom
pan so I definitely want them taking in
more but they're good for tonight
because I can not can eat you can chow
down a little bit tonight but you better
change all that sounds really excited
you're watching it true Beverly Hills an
angel knows every I know I love to
Beverly Hills oh what a thrill
trying to find safety pins because I've
lost weight y'all tryin to get it a
little more fitted like I'm in Bollywood
or something yeah all of the above
oh yeah now you're making stuff not just
my wardrobe times I don't even know how
I functioned before angel like I was
just a mess my vlog are you doing blog
yes we are out to dinner right now at my
channel
Little Italy at the Grove with me daddy
mom you're about to go see my sergeant
Pepper's awesome
good thing I'm short here all right guys
our meal I got chicken parmesan they got
some shrimp pasta over there
grant Maggiano's that bread was so
filled all right guys we've made it to
the pan table and now we are early
actually it's Thursday me traffic but we
are waiting in line to go see my person
like falling to go see way we sit over
here
rain so is that my favorite Pantages I
have my Sergeant Pepper outfit on and
now we are just waiting to get and I was
so good at Maggiano's and so this is
like a beatles tribute show so I look
like I'm like advertisement for the show
but mom no oh hey sorry like I got it
sometimes my dad will give me a call and
be like are you church's dad I love it
you guys like recognize him like he's
always like so were there my dates
tonight and I'm so quick because this is
the coolest backdrop ever let's really
me walking on Abbey Road like the
Beatles I feel is so cool it's so neat
it's so cool this is like I come to meet
his all-time in arrows in school so
anyways I still had my desk a bunch of
pictures of me but we are inside at the
beaches
okay I'm over in London now and we're
about half hour is the show and I'm
going for the show starts here still
floating up in there
you
