good morning guys it is ant Monday and
I'm getting ready to go dance for us
filming um a couple videos I'm just
playing like low-key with like I'm
getting do my own makeup and stuff
footed filming videos and I don't know
I've been just trying to get back in
there like swing of things like filming
videos and like not just yes I am going
to dance today
oh hello bra cap that up I am going to
dance today so that is what I'm gonna do
but I thought I'd show you guys a little
bit more of my closet before I head out
so oh I don't know if I showed you guys
on here but this is like a sports closet
so this is like all my athletic clothes
my sneakers I have a voice mail okay um
then I have like all my like leggings
and workout clothes and stuff and they
make shorts in there this cut is like a
work in progress there's my damn shoes
up there but yeah pretty much as
sneakers and then you go in here so I
know that I show this a little bit but
here's the progress just hanging up
clothes I'm gonna organize it more like
color-coordinated and stuff but just
getting the stuff up there was again the
biggest thing I love my little purse
wall and my lingerie and then this is
like more of a shoe wall with all my
bank so I can see them and actually use
them and not just keep buying bags
there's actually give me more shelves
over here like shoe shelf but those
didn't come so then if we go on over to
my bedroom this had like boxes in it's
like not even close to being done yet
but this is more of like a casual closet
house like me jeans and jackets t-shirts
that kind of stuff and if you guys
watched my March favorites I had lost
this but if you watched my March
favorites you know I lost it and look
what I found I am so excited I love the
stuff but this is um yeah this is what
it's called for those of you who like
currently see it
agent repertoire faked hell intense yeah
now I can kind of see more there's where
I got that from that story focus down
there I'm gonna do like an underwear
Hawk I got some one door from them too
but yeah so that's pretty much it for my
closet and then in my bathroom well this
one is like kind of I'm using right now
as like a vanity let me just show you
all
my little Samba shirt are you guys
having it to dance my first time before
I get more nervous than a blind date
because I have to dance with a person
I've ever met before
which I'm more confident my dancing now
but I know I'm not the best but that's
okay I'm not gonna let it stop me
because I like challenging myself and
pushing myself and this is mostly
pushing myself it's really bright so
anyways we're actually doing a collab
cuz he actually is starting YouTube
where I start I started YouTube got a
month ago so are you gonna do watch a
video for his channel and so we'll see
how it goes I'm really excited he seems
super nice me attack so see how it goes
I found him through todrick halls
channel I'm really good so everything is
just like keep up we learn the dance in
less than an hour like Perry Taylor
Swift Erika Jayne True Blood leave
Trisha Paytas todrick yeah well like
because of his videos and that's how we
met we both come to us giggle
and ready to mingle are you ready I
don't mingle laying already
Mahwah suicide told him I'm gonna give
you know any hot as the answers that are
into pussy give a mite number everything
if I had a penis
I would percent but everybody anaconda
and your butt like that but oh my God
look at that but you guys yeah it's
amazing
he's amazing so yeah you too so
subscribe and we're sweating I got a lot
myself before we dance
okay I look crazy oh my god I've been
having a text conversation with somebody
that a certain video was about for the
TAS like literally three hours apart
and now I got excuse me now I gotta get
my nails done because I had a casualty
this one almost came off at my socks
come off he's okay I was totally worth
it I loved Lucky's so much he was so so
sweet so much energy it's so humble
he's like legit tours with Katy Perry
still like I was just so honored to like
it's dance with him so it was really
really fun the video will definitely be
able to see this on both of our channels
he just so sweet and I just I loved him
so much he's so cute um so now I'm going
to enjoy a target to this I'm dancing
again tomorrow
and hopefully in like 6 o'clock hope
you're not too busy made for nails guys
my nails are all fixed and they are nice
and chunky and short again which I
really needed is now dark though there's
no dark and I continued texting and
talking to the skies and now we're cool
and I feel better so I'm going on target
and see what they've got
I need something for a dance tomorrow
hopefully I can find and I needed
something else razor blades
I needed razor blades for me to shave my
legs clucking it's something else too
maybe just razor blades oh yeah really
oh that's so funny here hey guys I
decided to go a little crazy get some
junk food at Target yes I mean it here
the razor blades which I got into a few
people and then like I didn't know who's
you how to do a double-take I'm like I
know a little branch it tonight so no
they look even more rats when I have
makeup on and I've had make one the
whole day and I haven't blotted it so up
to people who see me on public and I'm
gonna crazy crackhead but I got should
make you organize me evermore if you're
watching this channel cuz I usually look
like a crackhead on this channel
um but yeah things are good wow that
guy's not pissed that I get that he was
it is I cannot understand you okay okay
now making sure I'm hard
so now I'm gonna go home understand here
or something I have to be up early
tomorrow dance I thought um seeing Jews
in rows a gradient but no
second-guessing not only one but anyways
I've been running all over today I'm
tired and the answers actually really
exhausting I thought it was like more
simple but it's pretty exhausting and
there are a lot of people in here so
where do you think the lots of Torah
today I'm very excited I do always pick
my music and I was just like wanting to
do I don't know something like
completely different and I became on my
iPad or an iPod one day I am why I'm is
a ipod my frickin iTunes on my iPhone
nothing that matters
um and it just came on I'm just like
this makes me really want to dance and
so I thought it would be fun to learn a
dance to this song
um I didn't really touch the back on it
here or maybe I'm I'm a general Ramones
namja I can't remember I'm always like
talking about same thing over number
it's very so many social media platforms
I forget what I say where but a lot of
you guys have asked me like why I'm
dancing
it's mostly it was it's I mean it's fun
for me of course but like it's actually
like for me it's like my exercise like
it's going to the gym and it's really
really fun so like I don't know it's
like get how to explain because like I
sweat I mean I can who's on yesterday
like I was like so what I was like so
sweaty from dancing like I just I sweat
you know but I have so much fun learning
the dances I have so much fun with just
interacting with people Ricky who comes
to film my videos and like the new
dancers I do they actually know
sometimes I don't know the dancers
sometimes I just reach out dancers that
I see on Instagram or that I've seen
their other peoples pages but today I'm
B&C with someone who was our playground
video so I just kind of been reaching
out to people that like I've danced with
before happen in my music videos or you
know that kind of stuff and I've been
very fortunate that I've gotten some
amazing dancers like a whole they're all
amazing to dance with me like I was like
really excited like lucky from yesterday
like you know he danced he still dances
he's going on tour with like Katy Perry
like he's he's a legit like dancer so
like I am I'm always very honored that
people want to dance with me because I
am very beginner I'm very amateur when
it comes to dancing so did it have these
professional dancers like will take time
to like dance with me and stuff like
that it really means a lot but also I
just have so much fun doing it and then
not tomorrow the day after tomorrow I'm
dancing with a girl this is so many
people are like she only wants to dance
to dance with hot guys and jump on them
one not so false that is serious truth
to that
I love me dancing with just oh my god so
funny I see a billboard and one of the
girls that are the girls that dancing
with me on Thursday like dance for them
anyways
or dances with them they just I don't
really know but I danced for um like I
said for enjoyment but also exercise
because I had an Instagram post but I'm
gonna do a whole video on it actually I
had an Instagram post about how I've
lost 16 pounds since January and you
guys see what I eat here like I eat
healthy like every other day like
healthy you know what I mean like I'll
eat like I'll be like a fruit fast one
day where I just eat fruit and like the
next day like shit like so I'm not like
a healthy eater so I'm just saying like
I've lost 16 pounds really just kind of
even how I normally do which is not the
greatest but and I asked don't go to the
gym so I was like you know what dancing
I'm sticking with it so next week is
gonna be busy so I know when I can
dancing it this week I just really
haven't had that much going on I need a
new extension so bad
literally just sent in to check for hair
for that because I am in desperate need
of new hair so I'm hoping about this
week but other than that what else um
yeah pretty much I did not eat say this
morning usually put like I eat like
opening our an apple or something I do
not eat anything so if we don't pass out
I know people think I'm crazy they're
like oh we got just like you always
complain about not even exhibiting
through me and maybe that helps too I
try to eat like little literally that's
why I need new extensions I try and eat
like little bits throughout the day I
don't know I feel like that's better for
me I don't know I feel like I don't over
eat then like I extra I make sure I eat
something so just now I feel like
afterwards I'm gonna go I want to get
like Panda Express or something just
like eat everything and like be really
rose
wolfram it
as far as my mental health goes you know
dancing definitely helps it
I it's still not easy not talking to to
someone who you should talk to every day
it's not easy and it sucks but alas I
don't push myself on people that don't
want to talk to me so a little through
see only just come applause although it
just really sucks
I just don't know how any fight can be
that bad where you just don't want to
have to me if you never but but only
explanation is that you should unlike me
in the first place which you know what
made me that was this anyways I'm not
trying to dwell on that but I don't have
really touched on it and it looks like
I'm just happy-go-lucky and Instagram
and just all this up and I'm just all
I'm trying to do is just move on not be
distracted by my own thoughts I'm just
trying because you all the time so
that's not
