hey guys i am getting my lips done but
someone else with my numbing cream on
and I'm really scared she was really
nice we feel like they're not gonna be
numb grab my hat on because my hair
crazy today and I my mom's over there
she's reading your eyes are opening your
this oh I'm looking I'm seeing I see
that this is a long so if I rich
handsome look what she gave me the
brother for you I'll take the brother
okay so for you guys who are like why
don't you talk to your mom when your
ailing my mom's right here she's my
moral support for today because
yesterday was my big meltdown and my mom
took off work early to come hang out
with me so she does he / dishes is not
always on Twitter to support me social
media wise but she's here kind of a
young girl miss tanner she's okay I have
a Victoria's Secret shirt jeans and my
use with his sketches flip flops I got
the three four thirty percent off i love
so much my mom's dressed like it's
winter and I'm girls like it sometimes
cold i got my purpose mmm all right guys
pussy cat soon Oh mr. champagne at the
blood and there is her pretty little
what's you or you asked the session I do
nice clean show how's it going there
truth yeah yeah that's right alright
guys this is the lips I love them when
they're like this i wish they would just
stay swollen like this forever an
amazing job once again from cat at cos
medicare oh my god they're amazing i
could do not feel one ounce of anything
this time not one pain not one prick not
anything and they look so so good so now
we're going to guess eat some food
and go shopping yay is wrapping up the
car oh hello
no oh you're on zip yet hold a quick hi
mom just hold it oh honey your ski
bunnies be funny as long and you're a
crust winter I'm just for summer and it
is cold so I kind of mmm yes oh we're
gonna go eat at the Capitol ground you
guys know I love this place girlfriend
yeah is it dinner at capital k I'm
literally look like white trash right
now duck face though with the graffiti
hot like hell addiction nine they want
their duck face and peaceful is fun hmm
so we are obviously on a no-carb diet no
carbs this protein is it that's why I
love going out my mom we literally just
get the worst foods ever eat it for
dinner it's amazing she doesn't judge me
for not going to meet we just do sides
all the way you love it
I love it this is so yummy oh my god I
have to give a huge shout out to a bomb
um she hurt his neck her dad and her dad
I guess is one of the managers or
man-eating harpy babies right here at
capital grille and he was so nice and he
said my daughter always one spot that
you come into my restaurant knows only
because it's so cool to make me feel
like which is a little like special
person I was like that special it also
lets me feel special my mom and I were
like smiley weird is like my moms like
manager again oh yeah my moms like who's
using himself he was really handsome so
I bet your dad was handsome and sweet
and I wish you were here because I was
like oh my god a lot to meet your
daughter so shout out Ava and this is
really nice it was just really close I
feel like oh my god I looked a little
crazy today but I was like and then I
course they meet somebody but he was
very fun i always love hearing that guys
watch my videos because that's having
had a rough day at meltdown answer ASAP
plumbing arroz de like holding here that
people like actually like me and like
dig my videos and I don't know is really
cool especially like this is your dad I
think that's like the sweetest day I can
stick to my dad doing that but I know so
Hawaii he's like Oh some of a story to
tell you here I was so wrong have a
favorite place to the shoutout capital
grill orange county I don't know why the
one in our legs but more business here
now we have our dinner complimentary of
compliments of capitol grounds thank you
guys so much so the key on social media
is pissing me right the fuck off this
morning snapchat changed its thing where
you just like continuously are watching
someone's story and it goes to another
person's story and I like what don't
like that I don't want to snapchat today
because like piss me off Instagram that
whole drama was happening like don't
change this with me I'd stop eating it
we like Instagram as it is it's why
there's a billion users on that and we'd
like snapchat as it is that's why
there's a billion users on there like
tuck rating it anyways I'm actually in a
really good mood this morning even
despite the social media bullshit i am
going dancing you I is I hmmmm one thing
I will sit a lot of good things came
from this last person in my life a lot
of it did I felt bad about myself and
out more confident to myself but one of
the biggest things is dancing I i really
love dancing I really do and you know
i'm i didn't really know if I just love
dancing mmm cuz it was with him and he
liked it or if I really loved dancing I
not being able to do it for weeks I
realized I really miss dancing the
endorphins it gives me the way it makes
me feel about my body confidence
mentally I think it feel like it's a
really good form of expression the song
I picked out for today I'm dancing
obviously with a different cancer
partner but I know when he danced in a
lot of my music videos but I think every
music read ahead dancing in it he was a
dancer in it so I know him and he's very
sweet and kind him I feel comfortable
with him and
so he's actually doing it today I'm
going to start switching the dance
partners just so one peep along get sick
of me and leave me but to UM andries
leaving for like six weeks and um I just
know through through being around a
dancer of trying to like razor thing
right you know I just got to me a lot of
new dancers but also like for my music
because I know dancers and I know her
ographers so I said trash you know what
this is the one form of exercise you
like doing you love performing like I
get a video out of it like it's perfect
you know you you rehearse for a couple
hours and you film and it's a really
good workout I love doing it I get my
emotions out and then I also get a video
it's basically like win win win win all
around the board it is of course
bittersweet going to the same dance
studio that we went to together but I
love this dance studio and I love
dancing and I think it's just I know it
is something i can't give up sorry about
water coming off i'm not trying to chop
it like horse I got my lips done of
course as you guys know yesterday no
I just have like an all-black outfit
like nothing beamed or anything today
but I have some cool opposite ordered
for Friday organ dance friday and i have
some cool frozen like literally was just
like that what's up um co-op I want to
wear because I do love dressing up for
the dances I think our front like
rehearse from that normal clothes and
then dance a few addresses um so you
have to like lather that's tough on you
guys know I love it on before and I road
because I'm your lips to start peeling
it you don't and they kind of do anyway
is that trying to prevent as much as it
I can so
47 streets with the pantages what can
you would just do I saw cuz it I'm gonna
go see that it is that was a tuna I do
it rang up I was in status I decided no
more sadness when I start thing is out i
just have to pull myself as a note you
weren't a lot of feel sad today uh-huh
you allowed yourself to feel sad for a
week two weeks no sign a step and I'm
having a good mood like I said sound cat
is like an annoying me cuz i feel like i
don't know maybe it's just me because i
feel like the same lot of people are
seeing my snaps as they were before but
I just makes me not want to go on there
it's like too confusing I don't know how
to get back and swiss and mmm i hit it
up but anyways
alright guys so yeah I just have like
this like black loose tank top on with
my sports bra so in the video this
morning wash my hair this morning I am
getting new extensions I'm actually
going to be getting licked a pins like
closer here so it frames I face more
because right now I was just like yeah
knock you with that pineapple hi guys i
will keep you updated the next I mercy
you I don't know I'm gonna belong in
there I don't know we'll see in a really
loud i guess in like the dancer yeah i
was just like film the dance so if i
don't go out i like the dance won't
unified it home using our nights and
store haha wanna go to 99 sensor
shocking i'll link it below either way i
am starting to eat healthier officially
well I'm officially on officially I'm
something to eat flying out the best but
then try to go one day at a time eating
only for to mention one recurring be on
that section I'm going to be getting
fruits and vegetables
mozza so dancing want to be really good
and I felt amazing it was a perfect
choreography to get my emotion out like
felt good it just sounds good to ruby's
in motion in and in a healthy way and
not in a negative way or a dramatic way
releasing a new dance it felt amazing
and like I said so the anson everything
just was the perfect emotions for what
I'm going through at the moment and it
just add honestly felt good to release
not an answer is so sweet I've known him
since my little less conversation video
he was like one of the bunch of guys in
that and was also my fiance and merry
Chirstmas when he gets because my socks
he's just a really great sweet guy he's
actually going away for six weeks to do
a show in Houston together are there I
could've helped herself because I used
to manage account and roses so he's just
so sweet and so amazing so I'm going to
continue you guys I have to be tuned in
I feel amazing what myself that's why
I'm in this section and just starting to
eat healthier but I feel amazing and I
want to continue feeling amazing what
myself so that's what I'm doing and you
know get that big water on coming I'm
not
