but we are moving on at Mohammed first
start when I was me house another
hanging up paintings this angel over
here with me just looking we're not
looking at their butts or anything
hello my stopping your creeper now and
go up and cheers my closet being so
creepy
I couldn't share so how do we all know
they do I'm even moving all day nobody
do this one up okay don't you guys my
closet now hi Daniel oh you're so funny
yeah here's Haley is existing and being
a handy just being a handy guy handyman
and then this is the progress on our
closet so I'm doing like a full closet
video but this is kind of where we're at
we kind of just got some mirrors moved
in here and open up the space and we
were there but I'm going to do like I
said in a more in depth video as we are
eating this amazing ooh that's pretty
business
this is their this red velvet cheesecake
you know what this is what tell me oh
hey girl orgasm gets a lot of language
oh my god
I'm on a date with these two lovely
women know what you have you know by the
hi are you yeah yeah they're kind of
everything they are youtubers and
dancers and your friend's life and they
always were like let's hang out so we're
like okay that's night and finally looks
so cute and just like everything to be
known each other a long time we've like
New York my party like in a while but
you'd like timely hanging out cuz I'm
like I know honey I know the best girls
is so what energy is legit what I am and
I'm like what other energy is everything
so I love it so anyways so we get weird
there's nothing I have a new blog but I
have how many why is she showing the
haircut have you something wrong oh no
it's a new haircut this is looking like
a bitch you go back with my hair
together I had like this like mastered I
don't know
kind of like life I don't know
the posh spice real little things I feel
more like I'm in the craft like a very
emo or get like a tit okay I can
sophistication love like we big hey guys
it's the end of the night it's what time
is it 4:00 4:00 a.m. and I'm here for I
am with have you been on my vlogs before
do they know yeah two new cameras okay
come here
are we going yeah it's recording okay
guys look who's back yeah oh you look
good it's 4:00 a.m. just so if you guys
want to know why we look crazy I'm like
I'm like mixing that you know like
looking at your photos and pillow she
was like hashtag fuck you and I'm like
thank you he was giving me a
motivational talk and I was like I said
in my blog so let's get the motivational
talk to the camera go no yeah I am I was
just I think I am to say her for her
okay because I rock with her a little
bit more tough than most of you do which
which to be honest that's probably
normal and natural but I'm gonna say
real quick and give me 90 seconds still
give me two minutes
um that's here she is wait what do you
say something bad no absolutely why are
you here they need you to take him she
is absolutely so amazing as a person
that people do not understand that she
has done so much with in almost a decade
do you know that she has been almost a
decade like you did your research you
think you know who she is you think
you're her best friend you think you
hold it down
you think you argue in the comments of
Instagram or Twitter or you think that
all of a sudden that you dictate her
next move or what she's going to do
listen Trisha is a
woman there are girls in there women
should I not say this comes from no guy
like it I'm sorry I'm like kidding me
she's like hitting yelling like back out
no um but I'm being weird
no I'm not I definitely will get weird I
like no weird though I'm sorry yeah you
guys know me anyway that knows me I'm
weird
I know this is Lyra my museum I like to
say guys know oh nag and not harmonize
something no I don't think that's it the
studio okay
no man no beat last guy at the studio
with dumped me by Wald Alaska they had
the studio didn't respect you as a man's
okay so that's literally younger than me
no yeah I mean but the thing is is that
older women are very much more
intelligent and I need truth yeah I'd
like older by a year guy call me old I
know by two years but okay two years
yikes either way 365 days time to to the
mouth the point is is that can you guys
please just stop doing what you're doing
and just think about where Trish's in
her like let's finish the show let's go
gang
she just moved in we're gonna help her
move in tomorrow she's like my movers
are coming in at 1:30 I said why don't
we do some personal moving around no I'm
doing it alright O'Brien leaving I'll
come over and I am okay I'll bring over
fuckin four shots of expressive times
two hours with one sugar pal and we're
gonna fucking clean this shit up
they tried hey you guys you know can you
just do that for me
like I don't know if you like me but if
you love her which I know you do can you
just respect her as the woman that she
is because she is doing a magnitude
and she deserves that outside of
personal decisions who gives up shaaka
be goddamned
sue means my hippie for the night oh
that's not too much he kissed her he
kissed her like I wasn't really a cash
that was as I have no what I wanted to
say like if it was a real kiss
all I really know about it oh my god Oh
too late to it I gotta go
