am i blocking is this real life I don't
know this is so weird
I would have never ever thought it would
be weird to start walking again this is
very weird to me I have taken off about
not to least put like 11 days
from filming my life that's 11 days I
lived without filming anything which is
crazy because I was filming everything
like like even if it was just like my
meal for the day or whatever but I was
filming every single day for this
channel and I know they were on delay
and I was like a little bit behind
sometimes I put like three days together
if there wasn't much happening but like
every single day I would be filming
footage of whatever I was doing and it
was so weird to not only not vlog but
not have the passion to do it
I get why some people quit YouTube like
I get it you know if you feel like it's
a chore or you dread it or you're like
oh I should be vlogging I don't want to
look I get wanting to quit because like
honestly I was thinking as like the
colors should be vlogging but it's like
I can't fake my emotions and my sadness
and my depression and I just didn't
really feel like vlogging sadness and
depression um missing Chinese food in
his van and that's my fucking hero I'm
on my way to my mom's for the weekend
while my mom's and that my dad's I'm
doing a little family retreat a little
family vacay which is what I need um you
know my brother's obviously doesn't even
stay anymore and my sister's busy with
her boyfriend so I'm gonna go visit my
mom and my dad for the Easter weekend
I'm gonna go i'ma feel like I'm the only
child like I feel like I'm like going to
go visit each parent like it's really
weird to actually not see my siblings
around the holidays which is like crazy
so anyways I need this anyways I may
need kind of one-on-one time with my
parents um Emily my mom would tell a
little bit to my dad I don't realize how
much personal stuff - especially stuff
that I've been going through um
just cuz I don't know it just it's hard
for me sometimes to relate to them my
mom's great she's so sweet and she with
my dad don't get me wrong bitch it's
hard I think it's hard maybe it's harder
for them to relate to me because I'm a
hard I say that my Harper's to relate to
but maybe it's just people my real life
because a lot of you guys online look
tell me you can relate to me which is I
guess why I feel at home and comfortable
sharing so much online because I feel
like more people get me online than they
do in real life which it's kind of
amazing I kind of sad because like no
one of my real eyes can see me but it's
kind of amazing and I I just I don't
know I do love sharing real life and
here to think I love walking I want to
get back into because I want to start
like living my life and doing I got my
hair done I'd even blog that but I got
my hair done um cuz I needed to I need
to like you know get myself together um
you know you just need to you need to
start living as soon as you can I fall
in love hard and fast but hopefully I
can bounce back fast you know like
that's what I'm hoping
I don't know so this is the first
official blog since everything so a lot
of those Sean videos people were
confused at then I greatly admire
together those were like pre-recorded
like literally at the beginning of March
so so many weeks ago and we're now in
April um so those those were all
pre-recorded this is like
it's broken up time like moving forward
which is still really crazy to me
it's really crazy um yeah I mean not
much has changed updates we're still
fighting but we're just that word it's
gonna be done I just think I want to
hang on so bad something it's really
hard I happens now chatting so there's
been some meltdowns or some offensive
happiness um I started hanging out with
someone new it doesn't mean we're dating
just someone new because I like being
around I like that your own people which
is crazy because I never did but I
realized I like the best of me comes out
when I'm around other people which is
something that was never true like I
always say I shunk shine brightest on my
own and I'm not saying on like an
entertainment level or anything like
that like you know falling your YouTube
but I don't mean that and that is I feel
like I actually do shine better on my
own
hahaha but I'm saying in like real life
with the fun Trish thrives on like other
people like I I think I thrive the most
you know I mean I don't even know if
that's necessarily I mean yes I know I'm
codependent but I think it's also more
just like I have fun having fun with
other people because I think for so much
of my life I didn't if that makes sense
I don't want this to be like such a
rambling video because there's so much
traffic that I'm gonna be in for the
next probably like hour-and-a-half I'm
wearing my mom's which is only 20
minutes from where I live so it's like
gonna be a lot of traffic so I'm not
gonna like ramble
also I know when I edit these car blogs
my damn trucks you talk a lot so I'm not
gonna try and like ramble too much other
than I am resuming vlogging um and it
should we're all caught up you know
caught up at this point and also the
reason I feel like I've stayed this a
lot but I feel like a lot of people
might not like I don't know maybe I
don't watch every video and I get that
is um the reason I'm so far behind is I
will film a bunch of I'll film every day
in my life but I only add it like once a
week so I add it like like I'll take a
day and I don't like eight woggs
well you know mmm
it only pisses me off when I'm in a kind
of a weird mood when people say shit
about my cars like don't fucking say
Chef on my car when you're in a fucking
Chevrolet you know you know people are
just so frustrating um anyways well that
only gets to me when I'm like in this
weird space which I'm getting out of
getting out of the space um
but I was even going with any of that
other than I'm back and I'm lucky oh the
editing the blogs yeah so I don't like
eating out in a row and then I like I
put them up or sometimes I space them
out every other day just just in case
for these times where I don't want for a
lot of days I don't I don't really like
leaving either of my channels abandoned
for too long it's what's weird for me to
not post every single day but then once
it becomes every other day like it's
we're going on and then it becomes two
or three days and like oh my god you
know I start freaking out I get a little
panicked and I don't know why that is I
don't know I guess I just I don't know I
like to be ahead of myself I always
happen like I don't know like I've
always just been like if the project was
do like let's say the teachers like okay
don't worry you have to October though
so you guys have time to work on this
project like I would go get it done that
weekend I don't like to think about
things if that makes sense and that's
why I think vlogging and videos are for
it so easy for weeks people how do you
post to every like almost every single
day and I'm like it's kind of effortless
for me because of that because I don't
have that stress of like I need a video
out like it's when Danny to put a video
like I don't have that stress which is
again why I enjoy doing what I do
because it's very leisurely for me it's
very relaxing and therapeutic for me um
but anyways um yeah so that's where I'm
at guys I thank you guys for sticking
with me with the whole last week of
flops I you know I thought it I made it
clear on like all my other channels I
guess that it was pre-recorded I was
trying to leave comments and hopefully
got them to be the top comments on
videos like hey guys these are
pre-recorded like sorry like there's
someone leave is he and also I wasn't
editing those logs after we broke up
those were all already edited you know
how I told you guys like I edit all in
one day and then I put them up
accordingly like that's how those were I
was just like pushing them because I
didn't I was kind of sure if I was gonna
even put them out there but you know
what I kinda regret it because back in
the day guys remember when I was friends
with Auriga and I'm not even bashing a
rico because she's reached out to me and
apologized and oh hey just take a
picture yeah
whatever another pocket Odo's listing
planet chevrolet um you know and uh
Wallabies arica oh yeah
there's no there's no we're not enemies
worship like we polish about tunnel she
that was very sweet she leaves me a nice
comment she which we have new year like
you know passes in the past for sure so
I'm not trying to like bring bash up the
point of that was like these guys though
they're gonna say some shit they're on a
fucking Mustang dirty ugly when I get
over okay go they scared me to be honest
they look like they're going to shoot me
so I look forward um it's very odd at
the people today I mean I'm pretty used
to driving around and think gee we can
but like at is how many people are just
great leap say um what I was going to
say let me finish my thing is when we
stopped becoming friends murica I
stopped posting these vlogs that I had
already recorded and I remember I had a
few that were like really fun like I
think I had a Disneyland one and I think
I had like a Mastro's like date night
one which was really fun we had really
cute outfits we did outfit of the days
and was like a really cute video and I
just didn't post it because even though
who didn't have a breakup or like a
breakup video like I just don't want
post up with her but I kind of regretted
it especially now like years later when
you want to look back at a time in your
life and you're just like oh my god
because I saw a picture I saw pictures
from the night when I'm in it's like
black like two-piece sparkly outfit and
we're taking pictures of each other and
she was like in jeans and like a
Louboutin on her pink Louie Vuitton and
I was just like I just remember like
remembering having fun that night and we
were talking with the uber and stuff and
um
I don't know they I don't know I don't
know they know we are there does
literally like shouting let's see
I love you okay I literally just had to
ask because I didn't know if you were
like making fun or they're like saying I
love you like I was like but anyways um
anyways I'm like I love I'm working love
people when they watch my videos it
makes you so forkin happy like that
makes me so happy you guys don't even
know um that guy made me happy he's like
I love you that's what you need to hear
somebody just need to hear that you're
loved um even if it's my complete
stranger on the 405 freeway hmm anyways
anyway it's like I said I put up those
vlogs I didn't want to regret not
putting them up and this is for me it's
like a diary YouTube is a diary of my
life and I love rereading my Diaries
from like seven even if I was going
through some traumatic shit I love
reading those um and so this is look at
diary and like putting those up every
single one of those vlogs I had such a
fun time with Sean in those vlogs it's
such a fun time I don't blog things when
I'm not having fun like I don't
obviously otherwise I would've been
blogging the past 11 days of me moping
and sitting in my own piss a lot Howard
Hughes Leonardo Caprio version style uh
oh you know I don't like to vlog when
I'm not happy i vlog when I'm happy and
I'm excited to share something with the
world but also documenting on camera
because it is not the easiest thing to
be having not another that's hard but
it's not them what is the word easy is
not convenient but like yeah very
convenient it's not everybody wants to
be pulling out a camera filming things
but everybody wants that footage later
so like let's say like when I did the
background of Playgirl when I was in
behind the scenes of our playground
music video like I remember the time
Sean was very stressed out like oh my
god we cannot be vlogging we have to be
serious with me focused but then after
he saw the vlog making money I want all
this footage I want all of this because
you get to relive something that maybe
yeah you'll take a minute out of that
time and like vlog it and document
what's happening
which reminds you all the other memories
but like it lasts so much longer when
you can be like I remember that and I
remember this you don't know me like I
don't know it's like home movies I guess
it's just I'm sharing them with the
world and you know it is what it is but
um anyways I have this olá dome shirt
on from the Michael Jackson they don't
really care about us video sounds like
snapchatting that today anyways I'm like
going on this tangent again I really
really love you guys for sticking around
and being here with me on this journey
like I said I am just going to my
parents this weekend I don't know how
much a Mapple on how much I wanna Bob
like you know we kind of just chill I
mean I write blog I don't know my mom's
always fun to block with I'm like my dad
I mean who doesn't like to really blog
but you know sometimes we do something
so I don't know we'll see what where it
goes what happens but I might probably
just put all this into one like the
return of the vlogs the return of Trish
um or like the first vlog of the rest of
my life the new chapter another chapter
begins oh my god I'm so traumatic
sometimes it's so funny when you're a
youtuber who proposed literally as much
as I do like you literally are just
always thinking of like titles like I
think I've titles for things that are
not even videos that's a good video I'll
tell that before if it would that be a
good title for a video like I'm
corporate you become a crazy person it's
literally your job will consume you as a
youtuber which I love so it works for me
but
mm anyways okay I'm crazy guys all right
I'm gonna like chill for a minute
because I think I need to I think I need
a chill I think I'm this blogging thing
all of it at once and emotions are
coming up I need to just chill I love
you guys I really really really do
because I know content has changed so
much in the past three months and my
personalities have been up and down and
my moves my personalities - I guess I'm
multi-personality my moves have been up
and down and all over the place and I'm
in love and I don't know and now I hate
man
no as entree don't hate man but you know
I don't want to feel on it
I brush my teeth at still feels so gross
Anthony it's morning when I brush them
right after I don't know where those
moves hey Fritos this morning I'm
digressing okay I'm gonna stop blabbing
until something more exciting comes
along oh my god I salute all colorful
guard up total chomping grounds is four
o'clock on a Friday traffic why did I
think this was a good idea I don't think
it was a good idea but I knew I had
nothing better to do so anywho let's get
over because there's a huge opening all
right guys I'll talk to this and I
really really do love you I cannot say
that enough thank you guys so much for
being here for me through everything
I'm a crazy fucking bitch I really
appreciate her is still loving me in
spite of man pretty for so many do
picture could you were so pretty right
now this is the lighting that was pretty
member laughing we're here as a how
pretty you look
you look gorgeous my mom's making a
YouTube video just coming back for a
video maybe two um no no my mommy I
didn't telling her you she is the only
person in life that I could never rely
on and it wasn't thing G way where the
beach man Beach that's right your mam
budha okay so see you like going through
the city grass would you waited and I'm
okay mom you're so weird oh my so I've
never had one of my life's work
oh I never have fun in my life either
just depressed but the beach makes me
happy
you look up for saw you over to Indian
camp on self-tanner don't you you look
yourself radium so we're having these
other parties right
yes wait you don't nobody yet oh yeah
coming funny oh look at it will be on
the lounger maybe an air mattress is
that comfortable it is actually yeah
Serta
oh my god well that's I can't wait for
that because that was like a huge chance
we're gonna be camping site at my mom
we're going to get
okay I mean okay so didn't you guys the
food but we are getting from you know
spring rolls before dessert and the song
yummy hi you like ice cream
let's Betty never knew it was coconut in
there remember I was that was peach I
knew I was coconut that's why I don't
really I mean I don't like ice cream in
general with empathise I love so much
but they're only good when you eat them
at the restaurant to get them to go
they're not as good I tried it was
nothing they don't put everything though
be on strim not everything like this
place is like good to go but anyways
that's what we got sangria down hi you
guys it's Easter Sunday and this was in
my Easter basket I have a munchies guy a
pink champagne and peanut butter and I
got a munchies hoodie and Justin's milk
chocolate peanut butter I have one more
bottle Oh champagne America Happy Easter
adult style the house tour my dad's
house that I grew up in there is my
black belt trophy angels then we go over
here there's more pictures of baby Trish
they zoom in there I'm gonna you can see
that's me at 14 there's other pictures
up there
there we go here there's a world war two
flag another living room and there is a
giant cross Oh Jeremy and there's a
picture and there is a picture of me as
my high school senior portrait there's
another one of our family portraits oh
yeah let's email no that's a nice one I
must add and I saw this one that's a
really cute one actually shirt and
sticker mountain her dad's favorite book
he leadeth me that wasn't your bathroom
last time I was here um
there's no I'm shaking rough work here
come the interest says we'll do some
again
yep aching there's my glamour shot when
I was like 12 they said these glamour
shots at the mall so comment below keys
remember those missiles no they should
though cuz you actually get your hair
and makeup done and they took a picture
of you and who's the saint next to me
who is that because Birds on him st.
Francis
alright guys I have my munchies butcher
on and we are out we feel the speculum
finishing off our Easter dinner about
the skills and I'm so fat
like my favorite favorite restaurant
ever and I'm living for those bungees
butcher actually everything I was like a
much meat boy Easter dinner I really
bought that much today kinda spy games
and Sheldon right here like crazy people
that watched it like three days so
