you know you downy you just like animals
animals like animals I love what for
birthday can you guys tell that I'm
obsessed with some leopard prints yeah I
am like a leopard Queen right now if you
saw me fall out that I have to go
matching pants in this jacket I'm
wearing and I got the whole thing from
Kmart I just came her Han and I tweeted
understand chatted it was very very
proud of it so my whole outfit including
my earrings in my bracelets were like
$30 it was like why I won't get one 50%
off yesterday and I was like going crazy
yet Kmart which y'all weren't with me
they're probably vlogging camera but
it's all done
I made up for it with my haul I think so
I have that like a $30 off in
accessories and then I made Giuseppe
Zanotti shoes and then my dolce gabbana
glasses woulda just found because
there's like over this liberation where
that's you in the middle of birth pool
scar um so I am on my way to the airport
to pick up sorry that was really loud uh
shadi is that City he was everything
really really depressed without him
around like I have been a really really
depressing out him around
I'm so excited I didn't get some reason
for him to be back
oh my god it's been like actual actual
torture so and I hope so I'm really
excited to see him and so I'm picking
him up and uh he came back on a Friday -
hello
he came back on a Friday at 5 o'clock
like Oh beds what like I've been in
traffic it is 3:30 his flight gets in at
4:15 and I had left at quarter to three
so 2:45 just like it's no 242 for 15 so
that's an hour to happen I allowed
myself and I still feel like I'm at like
according to Matt plus somebody that
they're like
literally right on time literally right
on time which is insane LA traffic
Friday like what like you know I'm in LA
when I go pick up you at the airport on
a Friday at five o'clock I don't know
the big bitch you're gonna Oberer you're
gonna over to my house but I'm gonna
pick him up and we're gonna eat a Red
Lobster because it's right by the
airport I'm so flippin excited and I see
planes is a good sign but like seriously
even though I study planes like it's
literally gonna take me 45 minutes to
get there so anyways I'm wearing this
like a leopard tracksuit which I totally
was a joke and I ended up totally loving
so joke's on me because I'm actually
obsessed with this outfit right now um
so um I just wanna see this traffic
though anyways can you see like all this
trock not things like walking in my
major view but
that is so crazy like we're just stopped
for to set a standstill um and I have my
luck's developers I'm obsessed with
these I have like 500 lot civil versus I
think they're the cutest purses like
literally ever like even cuter than like
my son my Louise and mission Elsa I love
that purse so much so I like I said I'm
pretty like basic bitch like from the
bottom to the top but like my Giuseppe
Zanotti s and my Dolce Gabbana's like
killing the game for me like no this
girl's a cheap bitch but she's also a
bougie bitch like you can take the girl
the tram park which can take a trail for
part of the girl which is my life
literally um so that's I'm doing a book
oh my god I'm so excited oh my god he's
always with me glad for like five days
and even long like 10 days and like I
was having some family I'm like help
there was family
not problems with family things had to
be back there for so I totally
understand but I didn't miss him
selfishly and I really excited he's back
um no but I really enjoyed like hang out
with my friends and stuff while he was
gone like it was really like fun like
all my friends were like treasure come
to the movies like just inviting me out
to do more stuff and I really had fun so
I had a three nights in a row of date
night it's a sex me man it was um Joey
and Daniel he's just an angel and
Unchained and Drew and those are like my
crew that's my crew right there but
Eddie had plans so I was doing a k-mer a
haul and I was talking about these
earrings I was worried that I might get
infected in my ear so I'll give you an
update at the end of the night to see I
think so far so good there's no
irritation but I feel like the chicken
all different like start bleeding so
I'll give you an update my hair is just
and this like Anna Nicole updo can you
see can you see okay alright so here we
go onward
see airport
alright guys here we go you're so close
yet so far I'm getting so excited
hey is look we're back we're back at the
run lobster yeah I'm back Shawny this
one gets away their attire she actually
forgot about me you'll disappear for a
couple days it'll make your grandma I
did forget about you I literally look
like a Jewish grandmother to you right
now I look like my jumpsuit won't you
mom that's not a flattering term for me
thing so um yeah so we are back in
action me and Sonny bear Trish on Tony
man Shaunie is that your name Johnny Ben
we can't go home right Lester Burnham
soon yeah on a Friday whatever I'm happy
I'm as happy cuz Sean's bag are you
lying
everything I'm happy we have we out now
always happy to see you always so now
we're at our favorite place in the whole
entire world
yeah our United yeah shit lobster yeah
then you were sitting earlier and he had
some problem really yeah would you say
bollocks cheers to seeing my baby
everyone's like oh no Sean's back is
y'all tired I am
like dog not yet sexy I'm so happy he's
back
this has been a crazy couple weeks and
we're still going strong like this vodka
you like it love it
what's up we eat we some extra cheddar
because we can't get enough of each
other yeah usually sits on my lap but
she's just out of your way
yeah that's usually how we do cook it on
a slab ones underwear we eat crabs
together craft yeah we do he doesn't
care so much how that being really
disgusting I love it look at you okay
I'm so happy your bad things coming back
and I'm a smart richer did you even if
you told me you love my hope here into
the maybe widow's life
thanks here's one glad hey professor
your love again tell me when I get away
from users up okay so I was just sitting
here and I was saying lotta stuff ahead
of us I said we both
we love doing our music and we love
working together so much the family said
he's like we have so much ahead of us
we're having a babies together she's
such a fucking balls I said as my seated
inside of you guys from pregnant to
month with him like that I said listen I
said Sean Sean you're joining shot you
wanted the design Oh get the a listen so
I said we have so much ahead of us I
said we have so many amazing things that
we want to do I said we have a long road
ahead of us so we got to stay strong and
keep at it
oh we're gonna stay strong for this
community
I mean poor honest skinniest fuck we
don't don't let go of it we just got
done dinner he's in dead isn't them we
feel so Daisy we are about to go pee
baby he's a jerk oh shit I got to go to
the shit right now I'm trying to be a
gentleman right now are you I know this
camera it's called camera kissing and
camera kissing needs to be a little bit
more dramatic no I don't like how we
kiss
yeah basically they basically just
bought Red Lobster right now that's John
wait you just tell them how much we love
each other
more than real loves cheese more than
macaroni loves bacon
look at this shit I feel tired I am
right now wanna have a Red Lobster
