hey guys just trying drop my name is
Andrew yeah you're over it
that was the least it doesn't wait no
this is not the beginning this is
beginning no mmm they can't know why is
it is the beginning of the day slide oh
oh oh you are not giving me anything I
didn't know it was the beginning that
was like a end of the night like a
little like tiny parrot it is the end of
the night like we did start off strong
and now it's just like at the point
where we're like we're bored what do you
guys think about the things I can do
with my body show us just this that's it
Meli true huh daddy daddy daddy daddy
daddy I'm on that nice everybody
no I just if I get in now I think you
might be on my way
I bought daddy a mw4 Pierre so I'm his
favorite tonight right go sit on daddy
look you get daddy all the time I only
get once a week you guys were together
vo daddy's usually out with mommy and
other dad Oh Danny is double-o-double
daddies and mommies it's confusing very
soon though daddy's little skinny Danny
star that is maybe she doesn't talk
about her Oh virgin Oh can we talk about
I don't know what purging on your dick
we just can't name names
oh you did we were talking about gagging
on dick and whether or not it's a
turn-on I don't like it I do like it
took anything um
hey let me answer that either we were
wondering about the dry humping can we
talk about that or no okay
so earlier he's talking about someone
dry humping him and then I was like oh
show me and he showed me on I'll do it
okay so put your legs up are you into me
okay yeah please
sure John I think I can remember I have
good muscle memory okay graphic if you
guys look since at high angle okay go
I think this is what you did I mean well
first thank you it was Oh
oh my god that was your sex tape it
bumped and I felt a little bit of
something you bunt
well we bumped hot dogs oh I love that
when we bumped no hot dog baby carrots
oh my god real quick daddy who's your
favorite toddler tonight who has made
you the happiest God you look good no
beard is everything because they were
make a compilation of you sadly looking
at yourself another big camera like oh
wait was it
who's your favorite baby oh god baby one
or baby joke oh well let me think about
what babies have done right name it Oleg
that baby humming that's what this baby
baby one yeah baby whether you bought me
with beer mm-hmm this baby wins ha which
way V this baby daddy's favorite that's
gonna be the title of this I'm daddy's
favorite and it must be uh like sucking
your dick that's a good thumbnail shoot
lately have you
yeah oh you know what you have to do is
you'd have to hold this like and we had
to be male nearly on you
Wow and love POB or
tripe how to have it that does sound
like a lot of work that's too much work
for youtubers we don't do that if we
can't post meat it we don't do oh my god
your post meats them um so yeah we're
gonna come the video oh oh literally
just like the angles of that that's a
good angle
I know that does not look like me what
camera actually flick yeah jeez have it
actually look good huh people are gonna
be creeped out by this for real I am
just like us being like daddy daddy
oh no it's not creepy what's weird about
it don't doesn't everybody say daddy how
do you guys feel about the video daddy
daddy you should call it wait you wanted
a serious at thumbnail that's you crying
and call it daddy fucked me all right
son okay but what's the thumbnail Oh sad
like I'm fucking ready no it says then
my dad fucked me I think not a little
crazy yeah that's a lot my daddy was fun
listen guys don't you agree that that
would get a million views I think it
would try now and if it doesn't get a
million views you can change it looks
like but I feel like you need to be in
the thumbnail because what known another
too obvious that it's a joke but maybe
just your crotch it isn't your Crocs in
the we wasn't talking about your dad
right away really that's my brand I'm
Jess this is my whole blog for the day
by the way I have a blog page this is it
oh we got to make it good
I know I started I thought it was like
the late night end of it where you're
like out of it and I was just like hey I
don't know this is that this is it oh
wait how do we spice it up I'm a chef a
bumper yeah that's right we did hump we
did hump her baby
you guys good hump no we've done that we
have been there done that what else
um-hmm thank daddy you have it talk
about have you ever fucked a youtuber
you could call this video like I fucked
a youtuber hello long as you like Walker
just be Shane over time my daddy no
any daddy um she was like numbering book
she I but I would also fuck drew because
I would fuck anybody so I guess it's not
really like uh put your taken right I'm
saying if I was single I was up with
them hold on I thought we have anything
but you'd fuck anybody you just said
it's not true yeah I read about anybody
like shaycarl no but everybody else yes
I mean that's sweet
whoa wait like what about both of us
would you want to fuck that's why did
like give us like good okay so real you
want to really answer it fake okay drew
I wanted to fuck like the firt before I
met him because you were in the movie Oh
manequa I wanted to fuck you oh yeah I
know that Bush right Sam sorry suffer
any someone um he was in the movie not
cool he looks like Kristin Glover and I
was like yes I would like to fuck him
but then I met her when she wasn't that
into me so that I was kind of over it
but then we have tension right now all
the time like when we hang out so I kind
of want to fuck them because I feel like
the tension is sexual love huh
okay shit for real that's a lot of
youtubers appointed after I watch
another youtuber talking about how she
almost knew it almost did something so
anyways okay um Shane knows this I can't
call this in a blog like like when we
first start hang out cuz I'm confused on
who I'm in love with when someone's nice
to me I want to fuck them because I
think that were in love so when I first
met Shane he was very nice to me we ate
candy together and I was like you know
what I love this guy because you said
you were it you didn't care if someone
was fat and I was like oh my god I love
you
you love that I ate Cadbury eggs and you
loved everything about me that no other
guy did and I was just like oh my god
and I felt like if we were had sex then
afterwards a big let's eat some Cadbury
eggs and then we would or post meet like
Wendy
yeah oh sorry
we said we said it we were talking about
that were like we should just all have a
threesome like if I were a single which
is all have a threesome I mean I would
oh yeah that's right here's a single but
you don't I mean like I feel cuz he said
like oh I kind of like miss pussy and
then he's like that dress but I asked
like fucking like that expose like um
what happened here's all have the
perfect reason the part I love the
perfect that should be the sub meow but
we already had the Eiffel Tower
thumbnails oh that's a creepy thumbnail
that's my favorite I saw like a high def
version of it the other day it was
intense
really why were you looking at it just
get blown away
okay I love that okay so we should you
I'm making a thumbnail of this video and
I'll leave it in so the video is it this
is it
eight minutes good blog we didn't talk
about what specifically about us you
want fun I did I know I said emotionally
well obviously I fuck your dicks well
but you have to be like her I want to
fuck true cuz I love his fucking sexy
belly belly
Oh shame because I love is factly yeah
oh I love that
can I just say my sexy rushing one time
was literally because of your big like
you have you have thicker legs and I
love that because when someone arrives
you from the back they're sick like when
someone's behind you like on you so
basically okay watch if my thighs are
there you would put your legs on my legs
and then like stick it in like that
rather than putting your legs on the bed
you put your legs on mine and I feel
into a really strong leg that you would
literally be resting so thank you for
that adjective by the way she wrong way
wrong why don't you get one phone videos
wrong right here I put later that course
and I love it or like a horse legs and I
would love to fuck course I can forfeit
they run races and I feel like Shane's
dick is fat like a bad news to them like
a fix it I do feel like that I thought
about that before when why you could be
in love with him and we have an issue
about that but with Drew
oh no that time is past that you can
talk about it now you don't mean like
enough things have happened and if you
come out of the claws like everything is
past that's okay nap time wanna come out
yeah
not yet let's wait one of them grow well
I can't do get messy she doesn't Matt
isn't matter if I get honesty hour but
if I had an honesty I brought with me
and rule and I feel like he would get
mad so we're not doing that face I know
but we won't in every video it's I love
it though I love that we've had like we
had a connection at first okay is that
it is that guy that I say that his fat
cock andrew is just like I'm so out of
the loop
oh you know oh no maybe I'm okay we love
you today giving them so much okay
what's them so let's do something out
what should be productions I still think
you should to see you sad fucking daddy
that is too fucking gun is intense hello
- hi welcome to YouTube where everybody
wants to fuck daddy I think I want to do
YouTube where they fought and I think I
want you guys in my thumbnail that's to
want to be something yeah to just be
your face but it's not a joke because I
just I literally just admitted that I
would fuck both of you and that's was
blowing on a joke they maybe call it
youtubers i fuck youtubers i have a fuck
yeah like that you fuck but that can see
me names honey I don't want to click
beat my audience ah I don't know how and
I wanted we were okay let's do it
look I blame it on us go to our channel
say clickbait motherfuckers mmm-hmm go
to your chances somebody fucking left
comments a bunch of people have comments
on my ASMR like I was like reading some
more videos or whatever somebody's like
but it clickbait thumbnail because it
was a girl getting her ass crowd I react
fucking stupid piece of shit oh I called
I call I never look at comments but the
other day I saw like the top clown on
Instagram was like those stupid fucking
advertiser people now on Instagram that
are like love this picture have you ever
got your colon cleanse
you know what now all the comment is
like if you want to lose 10 pounds look
at pure colon cleanse come check out my
page and like this girl was going on
everybody's Instagram and I literally
commented her and I'm like literally die
you fucking piece of nasty truck yeah
and then I did another girl and I was
like fuck you're an actual piece of
garbage you waste of space like okay to
rag that trash bag
anyways that's why everybody wants to
fuck you because you're honest cuz I
mean that's him because daddy's so mean
me daddy daddy and I'm scared me oh oh
my god my daddy abused me oh I know I
love my dad and he's never tried hahaha
obviously and I would never try to have
you tried to fuck him no bro I tried to
fuck my dad done press you did know you
that's your title you admitted it
alright guys this is the vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it I'm sorry it was so
short
13 minutes long well before a lot was so
short we could have on GTA 5 here we
could have blog t-mart which I had snaps
which maybe I'll insert the snaps
because i snapchatted
why's that oh shit I forgot my vlogging
camera then Drew's like oh no well back
up and get it like in the show I know
being sarcastic
so that's life but I was actually gonna
come back up and get in till you said
that I was like oh shit that makes me
look crazy so I just let it go are we
happy every done so happy what do I ever
think we're done vlogging thanks guys
thank you for um loving you
thanks for the clap clap Kate bye guys
Hey well not my daddy fucking me but
maybe like daddy issues I don't know I
gotta think
um people I were youtubers I feel like
you needed me about that how they feel
about the reviews and drew what can you
do the position oh I know
fuck does better than s to you why is
that not what what I guess we do that is
that why is that not focusing fuck focus
okay do the position that you were doing
with Shane now let's have like my tits
here let's do it quick
yeah just like hold up his leg so that
was good oh why is it is midnight and
I'm swiffering my floors because it is
so much fun I had no idea how much fun
cleaning can be look at me cleaning drew
and Shane just left and I'm just
swiffering my little heart out this is
so much fun richer guys how many Swiffer
pads I've been using just so you don't
think I'm doing this for a vlog I've
literally live in swiffering I don't
even notice I use it but it's so much
fun
drew like put it together I love it my
house I'm glad I'm in try to get
cleaners to come to my house and I've
loaded three of them like canceled on me
before even coming to my house so I have
to clean my floors because they were not
clean since I moved in and like all the
movers and I was getting dirty feet and
I was driving me not cuz I don't wear
like cute shoes so now I'm just Swift
for me this is so much fun oops
accidentally cut you guys off this is so
much fun I did my whole upstairs already
it's so much fun I hope I'm doing this
right but I know it's getting cleaner
because I had like little shoe prints
here earlier and then not there and no
more I knew that I'm still gonna get a
cleaner because I clearly I don't know
what I'm doing I'm just really I think
it's so much fun having the best time
with it anyways I'm gonna continue
swiffering but just real quick guys look
at that look how dirty my floor was yes
let's see what this was all about yester
I love it
