okay so I'm setting up a tripod to try
and film my like what's in my bag hi
guys
happy 2018 first vlog of 2018 we are at
one my favorite hotels the London hotel
I like I like to come to hotels um it's
just literally so close to like not like
super close but it's pretty close to
where I live hotels to get like inspired
sometimes I've said this before
that's why Airbnb and like peer space a
lot of places cuz sometimes when you're
just like sitting alone think about this
I've been on YouTube 11 years and when
you just sit alone in your house for 11
years and you're just constantly coming
up with ideas which I have no problem
with ideas but sometimes I just and I
can come up with ideas at my house
obviously I just like to try new I'm
look crazy I need to block my face like
new things so I got a suite at the
London hotels one of my favorite hotels
here in West Hollywood and I'm just like
gonna like stay the night kind of get
inspired do some videos that's a great
view of la skyline Johnson LA it's
really really nice this one is really
nice I've actually never stayed in this
particular suite before but that is
super gorgeous so anyways we're gonna
film um just gonna do some videos and
stuff like that Oh
just like I don't know katrien spired
and then we do some work on my computer
at it
I just am more creative like a swear to
goodness whenever I'm like traveling or
in a hotel I just feel more creative and
more inspired I know it's like kind of
weird look at this entryway though like
hey um so yeah that's I don't know and I
thought okay this is like a good way to
get back into vlogging and to get back
into me like and focus on me and do what
I love which is creaking tent so there's
this cool bathroom too in this quote
mirror there's my little outfit it's
really cold here I originally just had
like a tank top in these shorts on and
he's so cute and his company order from
Etsy I ordered a bunch of like tights
from them and they just sent these as
like a bonus thing I thought that was
really sweet and then he said this
bathroom is sick I don't see the
bathroom yet it sounds super sick this
is nice
oh yeah what okay chill
I've seen some nicer showers here this
isn't this is one of the nicest rooms
I've seen here but I've seen some nicer
showers for sure okay I won't why'd you
say that's when you know I'm trying to
feel fancy I'm trying to get I didn't
mean I'm trying get my group back a
little bit just like me get back to me
because I have not been feeling myself
for a while so this is a little kitchen
I was like another entrance I'm so
confused so I want to eat all that I'm
starving and on a little diet and just
all looks so good right now
Wow so food in here I'm not just water
so kitchen so I'm excited to be staying
here
yeah I'm on a diet but after the shoot
tonight I want to do like an eating show
or something I've been dieting like
strict I've lost like 12 pounds I'm a
dining room strict for like a week and I
am gonna keep with it I just I need a
day you guys I need a day to eat you
know what I mean I feel good though I do
feel good I'm dieting my stomach has
gone up a lot better
okay sorry that was my kick lady I'm
getting a cake because tomorrow well I
don't know what you guys are seeing this
January 4th is my 11 years on YouTube so
I'm gonna do a little kinky to show you
and it's great because it's such a big
cake so I don't have to worry about I've
sure got these big cakes and I don't eat
it all or I don't have someone to give
it to look like what am i doing with all
this cake so I have a lot of people
coming over today so they can help meet
the cake but I'm really excited all
right what if Elmo videos for you guys
so Monique is doing a Jason stack you
handed these in Germany it's so good oh
don't don't even start with me
um this um I had a little fight but
we're fine now we're good it's the old
ice here when I got here I was like
playing with a lot or no film and he had
three cameras in this race at one time
while we're like I started a fight over
something and then he's like I can't
tell you any of this on camera but I
think you've got a real reality show
reality shows aren't real
they pop on allcom yeah but the stuff we
say they could add it to look make us
look so bad I protect you in my vlogs
it's something you don't want in there I
see people cut it maybe go okay this is
you do a robbery Isaiah
about that when I am when I murdered
that that spider spider right on my boob
off the street well I can show you a bug
I said a bug way put over the spider way
is it gross no I won't put on YouTube
but do you see it doesn't look like
anything it looks like like a little cut
Thanks is it her I mean it's itchy no
but it's just annoying because it's ugly
and I was doing naked photo shoots
before you came which you didn't know
about
did you know you know people yeah I know
thanks for the shout out on your podcast
you and David talks I'm a private meet
job many people from Malachi said a good
20 every day but after that I was like
why I'm making two hundred people and
someone's like of the snaps I read the
private snaps and someone's like hey I
just heard you on view you even
mentioned something like so briefly
because I like I hadn't seen the whole
thing and I was like oh my god thank you
wow that's awesome so have I wear that
back together
cuz I always think that no one was
listening a lot of people and then we
and then we talked about you another
time on the podcast yeah because I said
uh I took like a oh and I landed in
Chicago and I am I took something like
selfie like out the window and like I
didn't smile or whatever and then I got
a text like a second later he was like
why are you taking why you're taking
selfies like that it's a cute book
stupid until you put that on the podcast
and I was like nothing
Tricia told me did he say like Trish
told me I look so poop you know photos
that I look sexy once in a while ah I
don't know what he said he didn't even
then he just kind of laughs you should
look sexy more often right I think
David's a good influence on you but I
think I'm a better influence on you
because I'm helping your sex appeal your
dad appeal your but everyone like things
like your daddy yeah I just think we're
a good pair I think we're good - Oh
daddy Al Forno
no that's not what I mean it's play
having this big camera here too it's
double we're doing the reality show
Jesus Christ it's sick right that's
better than my music video camera they
shoot like America's Got Talent on no
seriously back camera is like better
than the ones I'd like paid $50,000
music videos for like that was so sick
you should start filming like Shark Tank
of this do you want to what would be
right yes my idea I'll sit around all
day and eat grapes
oh no we love your kids when do I get to
meet them David brought it up before
meeting your kids when do I get to do
that like they're outside right now
during our sexy photo shoot no they
actually secretly I feel like because
you're very sweet we're going on
vacation they'll guys
I didn't may have let the Bahamas early
but we're going to Hawaii I need to go
away wait when are we going for real cuz
I swear to goodness I will hook it
literally right now you want I just need
you I need to leave on a Thursday and be
back on a Wednesday okay I recorded a
podcast on Wednesday nights you want to
be next Thursday
sure really okay I just had my period
schedule though cuz I think I might have
my period that week let me do the week
after that's okay you can come cheap
beer okay I didn't know the Sharks I
didn't mean for sex I meant like for a
shark like I didn't know if they like oh
yes with you Joe I'm a funny joke I can
I don't know you're the one making jokes
about people in the water with your
period um can we go your thing I don't
think so do you guys anyone no money I'm
pretty sure because really the first
thing girls coming out oh when I go home
tonight the first thing I'm going to
period church
should I wait we have I believe I hurry
that Tuesday I mean they're super
sensitive there's just no way that
that's ever happened yeah
okay we're go I don't think so and even
if they did they're not they're not in
the humans
this camera isn't really imposing to
have like all this happen it's easier
when it's just you and me that's all
sometimes I feel when I was at your
house with David and Josh and gotten
everybody I mean this is alive and those
other people Department you tossed me in
there's only four people here when I
went to film with you there was like 20
people I didn't know is it be funny
right now you know what I mean I wasn't
you were funny
I was definitely not I was so nervous
loved you this is just easy because just
naturally you said to yourself that's a
boat that's about if there's six feels
like when you vlog with them's like
there's six people in the room it's like
you don't have to worry because
someone's gonna be funny that's why I
don't know where I say what but like
clearly when he shoots up my house I
literally like wanna kill everybody I'm
like I'm done I don't want to do this I
feel gross but when I go to like peer
space like Airbnb and when I run out
places I just feel like puli inspired I
was like okay that's why even if I'm a
computer time it I kind of like get out
of my house for a second I'm so happy
that's not what you don't like because I
going on vacation always makes me feel
better
and then I come back I guess why or a
little more for that first oh my god
soon Jason but can we tell me what can
we tell me made up now oh the last time
you saw me you're yelling at me because
I was mean to you which you're right and
I gave you that I gotta be better I
gotta be nicer to you this is why I'm
single
so I know we were fighting you need to
sell that me cuz I didn't listen to you
now I'm listening to you while I was
trying to tell you something about the
way people the way we film our vlogs but
you didn't want no I was I heard it
okay you know we're fighting again by
the way vacation was today study I was
very excited he tweeted texted me to
tweet I mean did you pinch me baby all
right we're out let him finish his tats
or monie let's take a look why don't you
show them it's your task oh my god I
can't even imagine what's going on back
there
you're gonna stop I've been here for
about twenty minutes
I don't even know it's gonna be Saturday
even though I'm living I'm loving being
here I could sit here all day but really
yeah I was kind of nervous that you
because it takes longer because when we
shoot you're very like I gotta go I'm
busy
no no it's a wait really
yeah oh then you're doing of that except
should be oh my god so sick
Oh cousin he's gonna tattoo I want to be
a tattoo person getting her on oh oh
come on in
come on in crimson are you high where
did you wait down there are you what to
get it what you doing why did I see you
were delivery person they thought the
delivery person I think like I have a
delivery I'm like definitely don't have
a delivery like tell him it says hey and
then they looked at me like oh you know
these people and I'm like yes they saw
you come in with all your equipment um
that's right all right oh this is
okay so that is it for the bad-boy
makeover what do you think of yourself
I think I okay
I mean you know it's like like you kind
of think like oh this is so silly that
she need to do this but then when they
put the tattoos off you found it did
your bad way yeah I felt bad boys you
felt sexy it definitely doesn't like no
I'm not kidding guys like Oladipo
lighting over here well you're also you
also say nice things the whole time I
oh my god you said I'm like I wouldn't
say it I which I know isn't true
I'll turn on my girl like we did a sexy
photo shoot that I was gonna be funny
and we fucking it killed it it was fun
you look so good look at him we're
literally Pam and Tommy right now the
people you hired they're really good
yeah that was our bad boy makeover am I
gonna see you again or no yeah I'm
coming and coming back tonight you are
yeah when I blog it become Beck's Nick
we're gonna do I'm doing a cover of a
Jewish Journal well really address you
as a rabbi okay and then a big bowl of
matzo ball soup is that your fantasy I'm
down for an iPad sure thanks for it look
at daddy pacem thanks mama
Trish hi mom I wanna be like daughter oh
you have a daughter just kidding do is
gonna come back and every dad's but you
know I do everyone ransom okay turn the
camera hey so um I have the hotel room
everyone just left I'm a little I'm a
little shocked we had champagne for
props mmm both ah I'm pleased I have it
hey boys haven't eaten in like four days
I've had like 200 eggs a day for the
past four days so I look
but I just ordered a bunch of room
service I'm so glad and I here in this
hotel it's like a staycation and I love
it I'm sorry look the so hammered right
now would you move along for a moment
you know and I was enjoying long spike
Wow because I did lose like 12 pounds
this week don't but it's okay
my son was polish monk anyways at PI
country I didn't literally order like a
fettuccine mac and cheese french fries
like everything on the menu and then I
have a cake coming cuz tomorrow by the
time of filming this is gonna be my 11
years on YouTube and I have to post a
video I always do as a tradition so have
a big cake coming Oh cake for dessert no
it's okay I just won't eat much of the
cake what that I got for dessert
um so I'm toasted I ordered some more
champagne because I love the feeling of
being a little drunk cuz honestly a
little kids next door to me in a sweet
sweet is like $1,000 a night and they're
literally right next door
stay back
oh there goes my sexytime for tonight
what is that why why would they be at
the lunch like the London's kind of look
upscale and stuff it's like it's not a
kid-friendly hotel that's a really weird
anyways I'm in a hotel room I'm so happy
I'm drunk Sabbath Herriman so I'm
alcoholic oh my god I gotta clean my
face I look like I've been drugged
behind ten men right now the moment okay
I love you I'm off log again soon what a
day this has been
what did it it's my first long fat I
hope you guys enjoyed it I don't know
what I felt I got I I got really stock -
yes if you get McClane
I don't even know if that means I just
know everyone says it is
it's is it in your jacket oh I have two
tiers here twice left say I'm not sure
which one is which I think actually
brandy at his wizards
oh my god we're doing oh so it's not any
fun guys now
you do a lot for me taking real times
and bought me my little battles you do a
lot and it doesn't matter anyways I'm
here if I saw you out here and I didn't
know you
did I look what you could I look crazy I
would this is way funny that I went home
okay now I can do a proper outro sorry
there was a lot of commotion I have to
take these this makeup off upload my
video really quick and I have to leave
in like 30 minutes to go start my day so
I'm ending my day with you guys I feel
weird to not have out choice after
vlogmas love the barbed wire attached to
like officially Pamela Anderson crazy
wild night crazy wild yesterday it was
so much fun it's so much fun to be back
I just being creative so I'm not gonna
try and you have that flow stop I just
need to be busy all the time
in the interim exactly you see the word
I was going to use the word I know in
the interim and the time so I don't feel
lonely and depressed because if I'm
gonna sit and be at home like I was home
alone all day there were you so
depressed again so man I call whatever
you want I just say I look nice and um I
will see you guys soon
maybe alone today I don't know she's
kind of worrying maybe I won't um but
I've lost the next exciting day and I
love you guys and thanks for being here
as always in kiss he's my fishies
