all right y'all I'm serving so much
country club waiter
realness that looks like I'm a server at
a country club today okay if you guys
thought myself but you know I was like a
black like tennis skirt on with like
these like white shoes I legit look like
I'm going into a job right now but no
I'm not like a job out sugar you into a
meeting of managers and I don't know why
I thought this would be a cute look as a
Google tennis preppy it's gonna be cute
like we're just having some lunch and
I'm I look like a tennis pro but I don't
look like that at all I look like the
comely opposite actually have looking a
mess and I was like after I talkin enjoy
not it's like oh I should've been
walking in the camera I was snapchatting
this is promise nap trap I don't know
what I will snap tackle no one owns a
blog so I'm like snapchatting and I
should be blogging yet because I was
like okay sheesh I took this internet
but I wanted an immediate answer
so anyways hmm I'm a mess snapchat
rashon why is he promo though ah no but
I have but I happen to gee I don't know
what brand it is but it is like bougie I
think I'm like Nike or something or
adidas oh it was like not like just
generic white collared shirt but anyways
um yeah I'm gonna managers and then my
teenies are friendly cannon mounted I've
been in my new place now for like a
month and I still haven't got my TV's
mounted
so hopefully that all works out there's
cleaners gonna be there a while I'm gone
so I've come home to a nice clean house
which I'm super sided about and um I'm
you got my lips are so chapped my mind
is always so chapped wolf so gross
um and then I'm going out on a date with
my other boy so lesson I went out or had
a dinner with Daniel and Joey and then
tonight I'm gonna have dinner with my
other boys my other boyfriend's I
collaborate boyfriends I thought my
other boyfriend's um a Julius so we're
gonna have dinner and movies or just
like we need to hang out
we always say that where I was gay I
know we need to hang out more and I'm
like so we said a day si we're like okay
well whatever we're not busy I like wait
they weren't busy I'm not busy I got
tonight so no day but today we're going
out tonight and then tomorrow Jam
another set of boyfriends Shane and
Shane Andrew which I'm really really
excited about because um I just love my
friends I have no guy friends she does
like my only girlfriend and she's even
live around here which I can tell her
every time I see her - I'm like no more
girlfriends in my life um you sure I
hope so don't bother me but I actually
like what I love I love stop trying we
never know so stop trying lately but I
do love logging because it is more of a
stream of consciousness like snapchat
cuts you off every like 10 seconds and I
feel like you like you remember what
you're like we're trying to say with
blogging I feel like you just kind of
flow with me
please tell me I have chapstick in here
I don't know why Marc Jacobs won but
this Dior lip glow is just amazing it
just gives it a little bit up high right
Arleen necessarily like that right now
cousin to make it one I had no makeup I
really wanted to join makeup I ran out
of time this morning was Caddick because
oh I didn't get home last night into
like like 2:00 a.m. I think that's okay
I have so many like well you're seeing
this obviously but up to this glass
school many blogs at that I'm like about
I'm always like a two weeks behind on my
vlog so when I get the footage it's like
oh that happened like I'm literally
gonna be adding blonde finish time from
when Sean was still here which is crazy
like that's like a week ago so anyways
what was I seeing on my steps I always
see on my snapchat she I was seeing
animals baby I'm preying on you tonight
hunt you down eat you like I'm a singer
but my love is oh I had to it without
you I don't think I could live how shock
a gift it's a red-haired lady by the way
I love redheaded girls I think they're
hot that was like big boobs to like
naturally big boobs
so anyways um I have fresh hair cuz that
cake was just sitting in that hair like
a ratchet ratchet math you guys missed a
ratchet my snapchat this morning
everybody wake up I snapped because um
my phone's right there so I just
snapchat and so you're missing out I'm
gonna take it off follow me on there but
what else I think that's pretty much it
that is the day we're gonna take you
guys along with me on the day and then
I'm gonna edit y'all soon my and start
posting
maybe I never see this hopefully I'm
posting daily like I have just a lot of
vlogs yep and I I noticed that they were
just so far behind I don't like me
enough I don't like him even for myself
like I'm not I don't even like promoting
it when it's so far behind but I mean I
appreciate guys for watching a horse and
I'm gonna do my darndest to keep rep
state I was getting really upstate there
I was doing it like the day after like a
couple days after because oh did you
think I own Alma blogs by the way a lot
of big youtubers and this is like just
something everybody does now they all
have a lot of them have editors because
of how often they post and how busy they
are
I edit all my own shit like the granite
it's not um shiny granite it's not um
like crazy editing but it's still you
know even people who walk you don't have
editors and they you know have some
piecing their day together because it's
it is time using it's like sit there and
like watch it and like you know wait for
to like process and it's to be our
process I love it I mean it's just like
I need to sit down and do it
and as I actually do enjoy doing it I
just um you know I like to be in the
mood for I like to wake up in the
morning right now I'm nothing to do and
just set my phone which I think I'm
gonna do tomorrow these are not hanging
out with Shane and Geritol later so I
think I'm gonna just do that like in the
morning just kind of like chill out my
pajamas at it like that's the funnest
thing to me it really is
so you guys want sunset there was saddle
ranch over there and Best Western here
and yep I'm getting close now to my
destination of lunch we're actually
gonna bow out which I did not know was a
lunch place
and I am actually seven minutes early
and I'm only two minutes away this is
the most amazing thing ever so proud of
myself
there's the Comedy Store passing over
two days on an LA tour only I would that
be fun okay that was the Comedy Store we
just passed I'll see what else coming up
I'm actually really bad to a guy on this
part of town has
so that was my my phone okay so there's
pink dot that was like the first like
alcohol I'm just seeing I don't know
interesting that was oh hello
that was the first like place at deliver
alcohol obviously before like post mates
and GrubHub and cell I don't even forgot
how dress but I post my cell you can
obviously get alcohol delivered but yeah
and then we are at La Cienega I'm
stopped at La Cienega we're coming up
Sunset Plaza oh my god I feel like a
little like tour driver right now it's
is so much fun because I liking the tour
of LA would you rather see full oh my
battery's website Oh way home to charge
it later sunset TN like the show on e is
right to the right up there and I'm kind
of shooing right mouths drivin that's
where they willing to shoot American
Graffiti but they did shoot out one it's
just off that one Cucina
they ate there with P Sunset Plaza this
is like the bougie area
just like a lot of shopping sorry if
that big thing is in your way sunset
towers well as the watching us to see
that over here you have your old tower
records coming up oh my god we is that
new tower records o tower records used
to be directly across the street right
there but this is like what that's so
interesting I thought they closed down
it's so interesting and then we're
coming up but hopefully this doesn't die
we're coming up to the actual like
Sunset Strip where they shot like wicked
city this is kind of like where it was
known in like the 80s because I'm such a
good tour guide whiskey a go go
that was in the opening of wicked City
the move the show with Ed Westwick it's
on Hulu still I love that show so much
there's a hustler store in Hollywood I
think that's closing now I like the
Rainbow Room coming up but you're gonna
be walked by that so you have to wait in
just a second
so right there you have the Roxy which
is getting redone and then the Rainbow
Room you see the little rainbow thing up
there there's no and then it kind of
just gets we're going to Beverly Hills
and boa is going to be right up here to
the left on I think it's like 9,000
sunset where's one I hope that's a
really popular Club bap
a lot of people go to of course EverBank
I don't go to clubs but it's really
popular it's really pushy and that's it
so I hope you guys enjoyed that tour I
don't know what you're seeing oh hey so
I hope you guys enjoy that little tour
maybe I should do this more often that's
kind of fun I just cuz I'm like cruising
and like literally we're keep stopping
and I feel like I don't know there's not
much to do so I hope you enjoyed that
little tour and it goes one more little
tour next time I'm in sub where iconic I
will but there's a tour to the Sunset
Strip we are getting close to the
destination
this is always something dusted over
here alright alright as well blow it
like I said is just like right up here
not much to see well maybe I'll blog it
when I get out but I'll talk to you
ended up having to park far away anyways
because the parking bays at Valley at
dinnertime but the parking garage is too
low for my vehicle so you guys get to
walk with me down this net so of course
right here on the corner
another cool car
so yeah it's a really gorgeous day out
it is so beautiful and I have my there's
my skirt that I was talking about my
little adidas
um but yeah
I finally get to show you guys like I've
been here I don't know if I should need
it outside but I wait here before we saw
Mamma Mia thank you and Beverly Hills is
right there
and we are walking oh my gosh finished
fam you guys just told me on Twitter
that this is one TV I'm so excited I
just got this mounted I'm so excited my
night is sorted I am so excited
poor oh my life I've always been poor I
keep asking God what I'm for and he
tells me gee I'm not sure sweep a floor
kid oh I started life as an orphan a
child of the streets here on Skid Row he
took me and gave me shelter Abed crust
and bread and job treats me like dirt
called me a slob which I am
my teeth look yellow alright you have no
idea how excited I am honestly thank you
guys so much like I was just on Twitter
just like chillin and you guys were like
oh my god little trouble horns on pop
right now and I got really excited some
a TV people like just left it just
finished mounting my TV and I got really
really excited so thank you guys I love
it going to snow me so well and it made
me really happy I felt like I had a
friend looking out for me it was amazing
so you guys like my best friends telling
me so I'm gonna finish watching this and
I'm sure having a change from going out
with his use in angel tonight and I'm
gonna record this actually but so thank
you there was a bunch of little fishies
that said it so thank you guys
well maybe big fishes too maybe they
were like my agent Cley all little
fishies but y'all fish used to me
because I'm big fishy I'm my mother's
genie all my baby cuz she's dead and I
really excited oh my god
how much is a gel on you that's why I'm
again gotta stay well and get out of
here oh my god this long so much I mean
I was trying to find something
appropriate for dinner and I was gonna
wear this and I was like you know what
trash keep it classy tonight but I love
this come right sure I just never have
an opportunity to wear it the struggle
but I love this dress I literally bought
this dress like I think last year from
Target and I'm still obsessed with it
it's just so cute and like so comfy and
flattering and it's like perfect for
dinner and movies you can be comfortable
you can show your curves I just love
this so much and Target if you're
watching your designers please make
these come back this year and like
different colors cuz I will buy every
single one my bed is not made it's the
Queen's people didn't come hopefully
they'll be here tomorrow but this shirt
came I used to never wash this and I
used to keep all the companies on this
cuz I actually just like um rag just a
little fact oh my gosh you guys this is
like so embarrassing but like I think I
need another iPad what do you think look
at this I have this mini iPad which I
love I love that this one like this was
my all-time favorite this was like the
first one the iPad 2 that I got and I'm
like obsessed with it but then this iPad
pro though it's like I can't choose and
then this is my little mini like MacBook
which I love taking the on the bike
planes like long plane trips so I write
all my books all the magic is in here
but isn't so funny
I need a whole videos only my Apple
products they still be so anti Apple and
I have like so many of I was like so
funny when this TV got mounted to today
oh and Trisha did not get mounted in
that
say I miss him
but these are awesome and I think which
to show you and don't worry I have this
jacket this is going to come right
tonight for myself matching matchy
whatever my boys well these are my new
date nights every night I've been going
out with two boys last night was Joey
and Daniel tonight in angel haze ooh and
tomorrow and Shane and drew I know I'm a
little bit of a whore lately I've been
going out you guys look so heal and dr.
Matt orange chicken and we're talking
about how to make yourself extra poor
and they were filling me in on it
it was secret it was I was I'm really
interested that I'm gonna get some of
this yeah it's not illegal but it sounds
illegal
that's amazing the poppers just angel
was so like it's tired and now he's like
I'm awake now
good morning it's melon culture what if
that was the secret smell for trick
folders and you can't work in the more
than I just so like doing
