laundry though hey guys oh hello guys
oh hey guys you're like right there dude
you back a little bit alright guys so
normally I do these kind of things at
laundry and bills and all this stuff on
days where I'm not gorgeous the days
where I am less attractive no today's
why I'm not so glam where I'm less
lambda so I am filming videos for my
main channel today because I am so
behind I edges am and I hate being
behind on I mean she'll close I love
filming from this channel and I did not
want to die this this is like a brand
new tank top from Victoria's Secret that
I'm only in warm ones and it fits so
well and I had such a nice like texture
to it that I didn't want to like dry and
give it that like rough texture in the
dryer I mean I've used no I didn't shoot
normally could those huge granny penny
other words I were those when I'm on my
own my period um but I do know oh I
didn't use softener it was I was doing
towels and sheets and I don't use
softener when I do those maybe shit I
don't know so I just wasn't thinking I
was doing the most this morning I was
doing it so much angel hey Zeus and ash
came by of course we were snapchatting I
never walk with them I should want weird
like more of a snapchat kind of groups
so yeah but I'm washing all these
bottoms like my jean skirt and it might
capris that I got from her coming well
these are the holy ones that I wear on
Instagram a lot in snapchat for like
where do you go from from you on it they
have amazing jeans I don't even know why
I just thought it'd be fun or like do
you want you with you guys then do it
alone this is a common flying tank top
that I sleep in I love these so much
Sean's been gone so I've been sleeping
in it you think of Hannah um my sports
bra from Victoria's Secret which I'm
obsessed with their sports bras I'm
getting like a like a slight solid
colors because I love it like it's the
best support but obviously they don't go
with everything
oh some more on these ooh this is a
dirty laundry vlog oh my god you imagine
like dirty panties what if they have my
dirty panties for sale who would buy
these I mean these are clean but I could
wear them
this lady is like not on fleek oh my god
you guys foul oh my god are you guys
okay you're on a wine bottle as always
babies okay good that was that scary
hopefully that shouldn't ruin the
quality of this for you guys
Oh doing a fast food all and I postmates
it expects a million things to do today
so I've been hiding I heard the Burger
King one over here let's not have a
Wendy I'm waiting on one more and then
I'm gonna go film but kind of it's very
awkward to have so many post mates come
I feel like they know about each other
like bitch you are ordering it so much
right now
zoomy the most oh here's another pair of
forever 21 jeans I love I've been I've
been obsessed over 21 because I can't
find any but I sorted bunch of new
clothes and for me one so cheap and get
so much this is size 12 and the plus
size everyone always asked me my size I
think people get confused when I say
twelve I mean it's from the plus size
line so I don't know if that makes a
difference to y'all so you won't get so
mad about me seeing that I'm a size 12
it is what it is I guess I don't know
but these been amazing and I love them
so very much there's so much oh my god I
love this shirt - I gotta hang this one
up this one oh I didn't want to watch
this but it didn't shrink it looks like
this one's from mr. socks I love
everybody I'm doing a fast food haul
mainly because I'm so hungry and I'm
like I don't wanna like to eat alone
like usually it was Shaun like all my
meals so like with him not being here
like not as fun to eat I'm not crazy
no Who am I saying that but it's true so
I just feel like I've been eating with
you guys today because it's better to
eat with others
another one of these comic line tank
tops that I love getting so much done
today
I love days like today that are so
productive filming videos doing laundry
I feel accomplished this is my Raiders
shirt just name on the back hey this 88
I love it so much I'm not a Raiders fan
I'm a Cleveland Browns fan but I try to
be like the boys from traffic Hampton
basically this is an exciting moment
anything's happened today which I think
they will I'm gonna go see Joey and
Daniel yeah that concludes laundry me
Trish I hope this was exciting for you
all because for me guys wanna see the
finished product
yes laundry all nice and folded let's
just get this lint thing out of the way
there we go look Oh wha okay I just
changed tops in filming video today I'm
like obsessed with a shirt that says
Horry oh bitch that lives some look at
basically me uh still loving this hair
still having these leggings they're
adidas some people thought these were
like stains they're like flowers but I
kind of can see others you would think
there's things um there is a pedicure I
didn't show you guys yesterday when I
went to go get have done
I got peep toes and maybe either so feel
I hope y'all those be are oh oh hey
camel toe oh hey this is like not a
flattering outfit altogether but I feel
there is Selena when she's pushing the
lawnmower talking about wanting kids in
a farm
I like a farm with lots of pigs goats
chickens
yeah I'm not progressed very much but
that is rockin my Oreo status for the
whole world to see where does my
apartment am i youtubers rio i'm
hey guys I'm finally out of my house I
have been loving that is staying out
lighter later and I know kind of like
looks like it's eating dirt now but it's
legit my 7:30 and I love that there's
still like a natural light out it makes
me feel like there's just so much more
of the day I love it so much my hair is
still holding up but it's like kind of
looking a little cried you have a jacket
I'm gonna go have dinner with Joey and
Daniel and then we're gonna film some
videos and I'm super excited and crazy
I'm super excited because we are filming
some videos and I really love filming
with other people like I really do I
just cuz you know YouTube movies such a
lonely job I guess you could say lonely
existence I don't know a little lonely a
lonely hubby like most hobbies or jobs
or anything really you're always you're
usually around other people and like
YouTube's not like that at all you know
unless you clap which is you clapping I
love it so I was super excited and I'm
so grateful and thankful for them I
always say this in the blogs my talk
about them or go to see them they're
just so kind and warm to me I love them
so much and this is so crazy how like
people come into your lives or like the
time that you need them and those
specific kinds of people and they're
just very generous to warm people and I
love that and I'm just really excited so
we're going over it to sounds like we've
hung out like I did not belong floss in
my hair we think I want something like
you don't always don't when we hang up
but because I have my hair and makeup
done like I vlog a little more cuz you
know who I'm looking presentable on this
channel for a change and I feel like
it's gonna start getting in and out
buzzing what's happening here
something bougie I feel like this is
gonna be in and out buzz because it is
like getting dark fast now I spoke to
you soon I
okay how many mortars like mm huh cuz
I'm thinking maybe he's looking at me
cuz I'm like a dude mission of Incheon
thank you sorry let you pass um yeah so
I don't even know what I said well here
make a bun I don't know what so I think
we're going to eat some dinner and then
building videos and I'm super excited I
don't really know what I'm doing on my
channel yeah I don't think about that
they kind of know what they're doing I
have no idea oh because Daniel is um
gonna be in my video I'm very excited
cuz I was like we need to do a three-way
one because he's always he didn't launch
always videos of course and like they do
three-way once with their friend and I'm
like I wanted to a three-way water
three-way collapse are my save I don't
know if I ever did it three-way with
Shane I mean like a three-way Oh a weed
slime but not like an official three-way
clap which I think would be super fun
today but yeah okay I'm gonna go cuz I'm
like legit just swapping so I'm maybe
sitting in traffic I live for these red
lights in traffic like they say I'm
obsessed with big bitches and I agree I
like my girls bbw I kind of suck you dry
I want to eat someone to do your mind oh
realize God anyways alright guys I will
see you shortly
alright guys I mean it's a Joey his
house and we are about to do this cake
challenge this like pink challenge cuz
you got all these people pigs so we just
post me two three of these case from
Ralph's so we'll see how it goes I'm
excited I'm in the middle they're a
little nervous but I'm excited man
looking so West eyes literally like
midnight and I PF Changs
and did some candy already I'm so
reputable sooo
the after good yeah okay
so Joey just right fill me with cake
fellas he's she like took a bunch of
cake and just like shoved it down or are
you did you really are you serious yeah
from all that cake that what I done
are you serious I'm fine oh my god but
you won anyway this is amazing we look
amazing I'm kind of loving face and they
let me do this five minutes ago you
still haven't washed it off and either
by I know you're like living everything
everything so worried these videos will
be up probably before you see this so
talking about yeah yeah Easter Committee
