hahahaha WOM baby hut two big titties
big ass - I was snapchatting some
gangster music - them anyways this is
not as cute as the snapchat filters
snapchat filters are like on fleek right
now and I've been loving snapchat
filters but anyways I'm just got home
and I have so many bills and stuff to
pay but I thought I'd show you guys my
cute little Raiders outfit and my jeans
from forever 21 and everyone saying like
I'm photoshopping my snapchats like it's
so weird like so many people are like
why Photoshop your snapchats if you're
curvy and loving it like this is my body
like that's my body like I don't really
know how else to say it like I have been
dieting which I have I wasn't always
doing so that's maybe why I'm losing
like a little weight and people just
always have to discredit everything like
I've worked really hard like well
obviously the past weekend you guys saw
me eating a lot but like the past couple
days since I've gotten back home I've
been really just um trying to eat better
and like cuz I have a music video coming
up and also I just want to just like you
know feel a little better in my clothes
and I feel really really good so when
everyone's like oh my god joshie
Photoshop and like this described thing
like all my hard work I'm like that's so
annoying and I mean it is what it is I
mean I am a thick girl I'm always gonna
be a thick girl but people just want to
make me out to be this like 600-pound
woman you know what I mean like nothing
wrong with being a 600-pound woman but I
mean I just personally for my stature
and what I do I don't really want to be
that at the moment but maybe in ten
years I'll one of yes once you're 20 but
three Rolo's to twenty ten and I have a
chin hair I skip my nails done I have
bills to pay oh I have so much adulting
to do but I was like playing on snapchat
which is I have not you probably won't
see it like obviously by the time this
goes up cause it's only 20 hours but you
know me on snapchat or on YT it's really
fun and when I get really really bored
and snap a shit-ton I stop my little
head off so I snapped my head off no I
don't actually step I'm trying just
legit oh my blankets all blanket ball
hey kick huh anyways I have so much I
gotta do so I'm gonna actually get to go
in and get to work in work in progress
No I am a work in progress so the name
of a book I feel like one of the
youtubers had a book called a work in
progress was it like Connor Franta it
was that one with that weird cover no
shade no tea but like improving that one
that just had like a sliver like a
triangle and I thought that was so weird
because like these all these cute little
youtuber boys like you know they're
they're known for their faces and their
cuteness and it's like why I put a
triangle when you're this cute little
boy actually don't even know what he
looks like I don't even know if it's
Connor
I can't rubber who it is I don't know
anyways I'm should probably just shut up
oh my back my shirt and the peas can see
me now this is like so my name's Sean
here it says can you guys see I don't
know if you're seeing what you're seeing
does it say pay this I don't know okay
anyways I don't know if you guys see the
backs of Paytas 88 like I should be
blogging today but I literally have to
just get my house in order of my life in
order basically but that's a work in
progress really good title whoever came
up with that title for that book was
really good and my hair I have to watch
the how like oh looks like rat tail
hanging there right I'm I'm going to go
and not nap chat when actually Mouse but
I feel like I don't remember last time I
blogged so alright guys time say bye-bye
to these free meals set a new place to
take with Monday my the place is closed
so
okay I like losing my mind or is this
like French manicure like walkie like
can't you see the nail right there and
then like this one over here watch flip
it flip it
that one's like crooked I was so excited
to go back to some French manicure and
I'm just like what this lady just yeah
my regular place was close I don't know
what I'm feeling about this I'm not good
but I'm so lazy go back and get it fixed
like uh what boom struggle is real y'all
nail struggle real at the grocery store
alright this time
um if we're down there you can get to
okay um I can't really got my Oreo
cookies I was gonna get parts by to find
it in this place
ask about why I'm bananas this is like
not very nutritious basket but I'm adult
and I'm getting mac and cheese and
chicken breast this is probably fish is
not a huge selection so it is what it is
but the onions will say to eat some food
tonight I've been eating like pizza
every night
