what's up my people I am pineapple tits
today I'm on the pineapple titties
behind Apple titties everybody look cuz
I got pineapple cities a pineapple titty
today and I mom you know sunglasses on
I'm and yeah I'm excited today my
brother and my sister-in-law maybe
doesn't follow me on snapchat I'm Trisha
on YT you need to follow me on there
because I'd like my second vlog new
channel I was having a mental breakdown
on sunshine yesterday and it was not
vodka straight because I was wrecked and
crazy and I was pissing on snapchat I
was doing the craziest shit because I
was out of my fucking mind
because Shaun left yesterday and I was
really getting anxiety and depression
over it and it's like I know it's not
normal and it's weird it's very
dependent and I'm clingy but like it is
what it is like it just is what it is
like it's just my personality I do that
with everybody I'm in love with like it
doesn't matter um anyways um I am a
better stay because my brother and my
sister-in-law are coming into town so
yeah Sean went home it's his father's um
birthday and also Heather wasn't it was
in the hospital and um so he went back
to go visit him and um it was like
obviously I need to this family matters
really sad that like I don't know like
just made me selfish I was just really
sad like I cannot see him every day
because I'd become attached and that's
what it is um but thank God it kinda was
like perfect timing because my brother
and my sister and mom all right coming
into town tonight obviously they're not
gonna be on my vlogs obvious I'm gonna
try and vlog as much as I can but I'm
gonna be running like all the time
because I'm basically their chauffeur
this weekend which I'm so excited about
because I love my brother and his wife
is so much and I just I love them more
than anything and we're very close and
we have so much fun together but as I've
talked to you guys before me you know so
not everybody is comfortable with being
on YouTube and
me I'm very extreme personality on
YouTube out you know I it's it's nice
they love that about me like obviously
my family is like you're here that's
crazy trash but like again and that
everybody just comes on uShip not
everybody wants to subject themselves to
ridicule and like I mean it is kind of
like like self harm putting yourself up
on YouTube because you open yourself up
to such a hate hate hate comments like I
think any sane person would be like why
would I want to do this when I started
YouTube like I've never in a million
years but I think anybody would like
hate on me because I just like what's we
don't like I'm just minding my own
business but it is what it is but the
Internet has come more hateful lately
it's not focusing on that focusing on
their coming I'm going to a meeting with
my it music a dr. Andrew a lot of people
were like why didn't you want Andrew and
playground we worked with this other
directors awesome Jade Kohlberg DG and
Sean uses him for his niece Peters
because that was the whole music video
Sean paid for it did and produced
everything so I kind of just guesting on
it if you will but this next one is my
song and obviously I work with you true
so I'm gonna have a little production
meeting well maybe a big production
meeting a my original DP is coming back
I'm so excited and yeah so we're I'm
really excited to meet with them just
get my nails on kinda off with this like
greens like cool did she want you feel
like close out um so that and I gotta go
find a Sprinkles Cupcakes because my
brother texted me a wink-wink
nudge-nudge we're really open for some
sprinkles I'm gonna pick up some
sprinkles for them and do all of that
has been baked first or anything because
I illegitimate ash that's like the
scariest thing it specially when I'm
going we're in downtown LA for my
meetings and like everything was like
parking cash-only and I just I need to
find that but it was not probably where
they don't even know really where but
yeah mental breakdown over pineapple
tips I don't know about like like
pineapple sits is here that's my
superhero name
pineapples today's I mean I just really
love this shirt it's from Victoria's
Secret and I don't know why pineapples
on the boobies I think it's just the
coolest idea ever so Bravo whoever
thought of I'm sure some succinct was to
prepare for that works out before a
secret but I'll just have no idea where
I'm at so I'm gonna try and focus on a
certain food I mean all day I was like
my famous thing on here I have it I've
no food in my house so when I go out
someone's be able to me right here's a
red light coming up
Saint Brendan Catholic Church oh that's
a beautiful Catholic Church oh my gosh
should I look that is a beautiful
beautiful Catholic Church I have to go
there far away when
yeah so today so yay brother Disney
coming to visit and my little sissy
coming to visit you so she's coming up
so we're all conjugating at my mom's new
place which I'm super excited I'm we're
gonna have Mexican foods 9 I'm just so
excited I love when we all get together
and sleep together and we'll sleep in
the same vicinity and just really really
excited cuz I do love my family
I just feel closer when you see someone
in person like I'm just like not really
a phone talker I mean did you talk on
the phone II like ketchup of course but
like is something different when we all
get together I just got my hair like
blown out angel came oh my god angel you
guys have checked my staff and I fresh
blog with them either look so freaking
cute today he had his little like sports
outfit on
he looked like a he said it was inspired
by his nineteen seventies basketball
player whatever that means but I thought
it was pretty for pinky Oh
I shouldn't feel up with that more when
they come over I love him and he's you
so much that they just come over we want
me here talk I love them
so I keep filling it cuz it's so soft
you put like little bobby pins he's like
hey he's like I hereby like my sister I
have to just play with your hair like
bobby pins to make it like I don't know
kind of weird in my head dog all right
we are in like Koreatown because there's
legit Korean signs everywhere I got free
barbecue
all right well let me focus I'll get
back you see all right guy flipped a
bitch because as I was driving down
third Street right before a third in
Vermont which is gonna close down
sonnalae a little sketch crea Tommy
areaa I saw a California donuts
I followed on that Instagram I lost my
shit okay
I would you lost my shit I was like oh
my god I saw like these donuts display
it and I got that they would like show
like donuts just like why would they
display don't and it's like Dunkin donut
doesn't do that you know what I mean
like why are they displaying Donuts and
there was no line cuz it's lived yet
like 1:30 on a Thursday following here
right now I'm sorry I'm just
that's why they did 21 Jump Street
Korean Jesus okay I feel like there's
one more
I was like so excited so I had to
actually I saw an ATM girl it's on ATMs
I flipped it and got some cash like a
little panda Donuts you guys will know
when I show you guys you guys will know
what I'm talking about
I think I've got pretty famous I'm so
excited this is this little D try time
it's like 126 I'm supposed to be at 2
o'clock and I'm like 10 minutes away I
am so good I'm gonna get a little donut
for my director who makes me actually
ridiculously happy it's like not it's
not even funny how happy it makes me
like I I know I have issues know that
I've no problems with it my weight
eating problems like oh that's I do but
I love it it makes me so happy I mean
just like any bad habit that makes
someone happy it's hard to quit how to
quit doughnuts you need the right choice
I made the right choice there's no rush
there's like a huge line now as a link
perky
luckily your perfect Oh Michael are you
there is y'all California donut
so it's my time
so pretty
such pretty doughnuts I'm so excited
they're pretty thank you I got one for
Andrew and one for me they're so cute
$10 even yeah yeah alright anyways I
totally fangirl I totally fangirl it's
like seeing your favorite celebrity in
person I saw California doughnuts I got
really really excited so yeah that's
what I got um Andrews office is Brighton
you're here so I got him one too I'm so
excited this made me so happy they had
literally like their whole like fun
collection I just wanted to get a dozen
but I also to go get Sprinkles Cupcakes
today so I was just like oh my god like
a sugar overload I'm gonna be 500 pounds
biting them and say but I'm still really
hungry for actual food but this just
made me super super excited I don't even
know if I'm focus but I'm so excited if
you are in LA and is on New Hampshire
and 3rd Street and it's called
California donuts with the cutest
frickin donuts ever and I'm so excited
Anna do you see my mood change from
Donuts like do you see that okay I'm a
dork and I need to stop okay yeah going
downtown baby I love the buildings out
here like it's kind of a hassle to get
down here but it looks pretty cool
Oh parking I'm not looking forward to
but the hustle and bustle pinkies done
so what what whoo
offices meeting really good stuff coming
up very excited about it all
fool that should be wearing a shirt
like a person out here
thank you
not hot like a sketchy but sometimes the
bullies are really really nice I have on
teacher now I had to go find some
Sprinkles Cupcakes and I have those two
donuts I feel so bold outlet okay there
okay all right
he'll know I love my brother when I'm
walking around downtown LA and if I'm
these pretty cool Scott Peaks that they
want I'm having such a stressful time no
I have the most cash at ever curious
being at wallet right now I'm in
downtown LA
terrifying
no idea where I'm going okay look clean
hair and pay pair sunglasses it's gonna
be okay
we can fight in those I'm a porn the
right way
I totally just by getting me is because
they train you secretly I'm a little
distracted but you need to where we're
wrong back she's pretty fluid a second
detour for that hard walk that work palm
tree today's
I feel just like mommy Griffith in
working girl in the city except it's not
New York LA I'm not working not a girl
come on old lady by the way I love the
idea of this shirt until I wore downtown
LA about the people tell me they like my
pineapples no chatting in blogging hi
guys onion we're going the back way out
so yeah me instant house for days my mom
knew about this place man really good
the best chicken in shrimping he does
like I've ever had actually because it
was like so fresh and Sonia I mean so
now we're going back home we're all
having a pajama party at my mom's and
I'm her Sprinkles Cupcakes I was so
excited about so there's definitely
worth that struggle of getting them so
mmm it's a pretty quiet out tonight and
gorgeous weather pineapple boobies still
making a hit all right - chocolate
marshmallow - black and white vanilla
Irish really for st. Patrick's Day and
red velvet know me excited have one yeah
okay
