alright hey everyone good morning good
morning so I know I'm a little bit um a
little bit behind on my blog left behind
I mean I post every other day but I do
that because like in case I don't want
to vlog every day I've been blogging
every day but like in case I don't want
to vlog a couple a day or two like I
have videos way up on this channel so
that's why I'm not behind I'm just these
are about a week delay I think you guys
know that by now
um so but anyways the point of this is
like last night I'm going to refer to
last night even though is gonna be like
a week ago I was on our Twitter rant and
I was like I'm just gonna quit the
Internet and and I wish I was like it at
the point last night cuz it's like the
hate does get to me like it does like
but like it built it's like it's like it
doesn't follow me to the bottom and then
like you know one thing will build and
then something else I'm just like I just
edges snap and you know when I snap the
most is when it's about other people
like in my videos in my life that are
getting shitted on it's like because by
because they're associated with me
they're they're getting shit on and
condemned and all this and it's like
then that's what I have my breaking
point because you know I do feel
sometimes I feel responsible because
it's like if I put people out on my
videos like it is opening the doors for
them to be critiqued and judged and
that's not fair that's not fair to them
and so anyone I've had on my blogs and
in my life you know it's why I don't
really
vogue my sister my brother they're just
not all that comfortable because they
got hate and it's like and that's why I
don't like with my dad on there and my
mom just you know my mom doesn't care
she's like me doesn't care but it's like
so in my mom and I were just like
tougher skin people and we're just we're
just those
just kind of let it roll off but it's
like people like my brother and my
sister and my father who just live
normal lives and are just great sweet
people get cheated on because they're
associated with me there's no other
reason for them to get hate other than
that they know me and their associated
me and so I don't really log them that
much and it's so funny now I'm like it's
so funny because when I was dating Roger
like I never talked about him but any
time I referred to a guy I was dating
like she's full of shit she's not dating
anyone because I never put a picture out
there or I never had him in a video but
as soon as I put a picture out there it
has someone in a video it's like it like
it's like this is fake this is not real
it's like I just I just can't win and
the hate did get to me and I was just
like oh my god like I was just like I
was on the phone crying and it just it
was like a joke something maybe we
shouldn't hang out anymore like it's
angering so many people he said whatever
you know maybe just not post pictures
and videos I'm looking I'll just
continue dating now and I'm just like no
it's new break it I was like forget it
whatever you want to do like whatever
makes you happy and I'm just like that
was at the point I'm just being like
maybe I just and I know this person
everyone's fucking pissed about me
hanging out with this person like maybe
I should just stop and then I woke up
this morning to an amazing message from
tally
love of all people here on YouTube so
totally loved gossiper and she spill tea
as she likes to say gossips a lot about
youtubers talk shit if you will I guess
and I usually don't like those kind of
channels I just feel like it's kind of
ill to me but there is something about
her and she didn't make a very nice
video about me but there is something
about her that is sweet and she sent me
a direct message so it wasn't like it
was for attention or anything it was
kind of just being sweet I'm trying to
find it real quick and it just I
it's really really long but she she
basically just saying many people
followed you when you were down and they
hate to see you rise but fuck that many
of us love singing rise to the top and
we are the sign on the sidelines rooting
for you remember us and fuck the haters
true sweetest revenge is to keep
laughing grant you know that your best
is yet to come for you I noticed I when
I see whenever let them see you sweat
tally and there was more before that hmm
I like actually like teared up this
morning reading it um
it just was like nice to hear about like
there are people who like want to see
you happy and do good like you know
because I just I really do love YouTube
yes it is my job but also I just love
doing it I love doing YouTube so much
like the idea like when I was at the
point yesterday I just be like I should
just take a break from YouTube for like
a month like it made sense to me but at
the same time we also really sad because
I really loved doing it and so it's like
she wrote a lot before that too and it's
like at the end of the day she's right
fuck a baby fuck people who are hateful
or just trying to bring people down or
just trying to like it just took all of
them you know it's the hate does get to
me and it does but then reading that
just seem to be like you know who cares
who cares what people think like it's
crazy that hate has been more real and
lately it's really crazy I - but at the
same time like and I've had people may
realize be like you know just don't
maybe just don't blog so much around Tom
but I love Sean and I love blogging and
he's my life and we spent every day
together and it's like it's just I'm
just not I'm just I you know all I can
say and I've said this enough it's just
like I'm sorry if you don't like who I'm
who I am right now I'm sorry I'm just
trying to be happy having said all that
everyone's like you're losing
subscribers you're doing this and you
don't even care it's like I of course I
care but you know the reason I got
subscribed in the first place was being
myself and I mean that's literally all I
can do it's literally all I can do I
don't know what else you know
I post something people say I'm
defensive if I don't post something then
they say I'm ignoring it it just it's
just like you just can't win sometimes
but anyways I'm going to stop at this
where else because I'm so thirsty
but thanks Howie love for the message
and thank you all for your messages and
it actually means a lot more than you
guys will know and um and yeah that's
just where I'm at today so um to turn
that sudden one of you anyways just just
know that like your words affect people
no matter how no matter if you don't
think they'll see it or not like words
do affect people but it is what it is
I'm blogging I'm back I'm I'm living my
life that's it that's it that's it
that's it all right I'm going to stop
here at this gas station I'll talk to
you soon so we're going to unpack them
tonight so I'm like kind of casual but
like kind of dressed up because all
right out to eat for our three-month
anniversary yeah um my pants are
supposed to be higher and I have a
jacket for this don't worry I'm not just
like going into our Lobster like that
we're in a Red Lobster because that's
our favorite place and yeah my top is
from mistress rocks I love this top I
mean it is like not top I would wear out
to dinner normally unless I like
obviously I'm wearing a jacket tonight
so that's why I have it on but um these
jeans are from forever 21 it's when
they're plus-size and I love them so
much they're so flattering and they're
so so comfortable and then my earrings
are from BB and I did my own makeup just
sort of natural just like so old school
trash to be in the mirror and be like oh
TD but you have like a black mistress
rocks jacket and then I have like oh no
I meant with those heels but I'm just
gonna wear some sneakers actually you're
more comfortable Marcia but when I start
I'm packing that back there but I
thought you guys me outfit because like
you know trying to put together a little
bit Margie we go to Red Lobster
we're the ghetto one tonight we're in
Inglewood poor Shawn's that Shawn
suggestion is Englewood red luster um
looks like crowded actually Monday night
going to Red Lobster
but no we're in Englewood which is like
super ghetto they like been shot here
all the time
Dress for Less do you want to go in
shops or in Centron buy a new wardrobe
wardrobe but I love you anyways now we
are going to eat because I'm starving
what are we gonna eat like pigs no where
do you like bang no Shawn he says we
gonna eat like course everybody like
freaking whores
there you go okay we have our Kelm
alright wait why is that great
Oh what are you feeling better now we're
not happy he is now that he I had this
beautiful thing daddy got a drinky happy
I got this look at that oh he has shots
over there and now he got the cheese
sticks which these look like little baby
penises
favorite meal ever and I need another
drink
can I get another yes yes watch this
no I hate boys free the lobster is free
the lobster the lectures that I'm free
for you baby no look I just ate it all
we we should rescue the lobsters
we'll come back for them he ate his
belly wise look at my belly oh whatever
a crop top to eat that was worst thing
ever
hey what complain the places robot we
just went to Red Lobster our about to go
to cheer oh yeah to get some shots with
chilli we need more alcohol yeah we
don't drink much we just drink every day
yeah we don't but we do we're doing
everyday
look my stomach is skinnier than Shan
Zhai how skinny my stomach is compared
to yours oh so much skinnier oh uh yeah
lobster I show people how we skip many
many more waiting oh and she would
shrimp in me
yes
