helping my mommy move today the last of
her marina apartment we've all moved out
of this area now so she's packing up her
clothes we just put the bags in the car
these are her couches painting did you
ever do an apartment to her mama here
did you oh look at this room now
there's mommy my onesies snacking almost
done with our part oh my god did they
look at the new painting of you the
movers it's a naked picture of my mom
over there but I'm gonna censor that all
for y'all her room so I'm in like this
like bright pink bow come off it again
today I look crazy I got up so early
again this week has been a day of like
early early ups for my hair oh my god
this hair though this hair though I need
to like bobby pin that up I just don't
care at all
yep so my mom's moving let's go outside
almost done it's really pretty here
this was like a really crazy it's really
bright too it's like I'm really pretty
um so pretty just like it's my hair oh
it's so pretty it's like happen on the
lake it looks like just really peaceful
and like serene I feel like the window
like Johnny Depp was that it the secret
window now that's not even why I was
called was it so much Johnny Depp and
he's a writer and he's more trainee the
secret window right I feel like it would
be like he'll be writing here it was
said la or like heaven by the lake with
Jen Nelson like that's very much it like
there are like little bungalows it's
really cool so anyways my mom's moving
back to like the beachside not in this
area but I used to live right over over
there right across the right across the
pond so anyway I should probably go but
a shopping my mommy move all her stuff
it's a sad day but I have a date because
I love this apartment but I'm excited to
see who new one cuz are you happy look
at it as a happy face happy know
everyone's been missing you no one knows
where you're at they're like where'd
your mom go working I think you hate me
cuz we never hang out anymore we will
now try to get our life back together
right on that's true actually we've both
been kind of a little bit the chaotic
life but haze there's my bike got
matching by strobe bike riding today
oh I read this back in so long I love
her any bikes I need to get back into
that for show or
tired all right guys
updates it's getting clear it out thanks
to Oksana and Xavier my mom's over there
trying to figure out her directv like
like oh the green favourite room it was
located on an edition from like well
really it splat it splat ass in there
tear gear for packaging so long she's
having a struggle with that there's my
mom's paintings I'll have to go home and
as me
okay did you figure it out but I should
you be doing a video it was right here
it's made it complicated I look like a
giant bless you I'm a bright as bitch
today and my pink pepto-bismol oh hey
let's see your OOTD look at that shirt
you we had that shirt since I was in
high school that's Abercrombie & Fitch
my mom's still rocking it let's get her
up I not meet you actually
I look crazy you think that you want me
just crazy thinking you're so good
come on baby you played me you never had
hold it up ma let's snap yeah I want you
to answer that happy my mom posing for a
picture it's gorge
okay home I'm gonna take a snapshot real
quick I need to search a specific movie
towards your phone make sure he's not
reading for you my mom still trying to
figure out how to pack up this dark TV
it's cracking me out no no we got the
receiver place the remote hydrocity soon
place the what so I got the receiver and
it says I don't know what these are so
many hook is a box
oh good on this because when you packin
it up
she's been trying this for 20 minutes oh
my god mmm this over there I think these
are the room my mom can't pick up in 15
G all right that's all your snap so you
have a whole snap story of those just as
much I love that I'm matching my I mean
like people oh no this is my car
I think this outfit says big car belongs
to me have my eyebrows done
apparently oh my god
now I feel more on fleek now that my
eyebrows are groomed
so much running
forty dollars already the worst part
about this
