I got this waiting is doing me no
justice oh Jesus I tease them hey guys
were in the recording studio to finish
another song I'm in my little girly
gothic dress so I like dress and then I
come in here and let's get started
that's what time no no no hat look take
they have look he's wearing scruff you
guys look today and his shirt says
Shaunie looks yummy this shirt shiny
poopoo he said he's only wearing cuz he
hasn't done a gwaan dream what you said
look at from no I'm not a big fan of
this but I think I got a little change
he look like Brad Pitt by the way he
calls cuddles and snuggles Huggies
doesn't you called it last night you
called it now you're like Huggies but
it's called cuddling it's not Huggies no
oh jeez Huggies are like word thing all
right Huggies diapers huh he's like
Huggies I'm like no they're curls
um and he's the an awful thought I mean
what are we doing right now
Chris I haven't told them we're singing
our time around
Salazar hope you guys are gonna like it
we love it laughs naughty keep somebody
take my hat off
it's so much better um either like what
guys it no as I say you think you like a
lesbian from one side with Brad Pitt
from the other look Brad Pitt Ellen
DeGeneres so much so he knows it's AB
heavies ever they're just making us on
amazing timing what time is it look at
your what time is it
low battery can continue connection
charger her you didn't know an Apple
watch was super your phone his pants
look at dress up he is he's like I
thought your Instagram just oh yeah yeah
cousin Amish ever tells me when she
dresses up she always like to not tell
me so I can be surprised I just like to
show up yeah you
you really say danger everything's
dangerous
just let it go don't be afraid to lose
trouble
so right here on target the smarting
pastime at 8:30 in the morning with it
all this Easter candy though oh all of
it mmm Easter candy oh my god am i
focused it's focusing on the candy the
most important thing there we go
focus on my bed bed I just mess with my
settings of shading messed up my focus
even more but it normally is but this
reminds me two years ago when Shane and
I became BFFs and we would come in here
around Easter time we did Easter candy
home oh my god so cute
like I literally declutter my halls and
now it's like I'm trying to clutter it
back up again
I am I change these settings program to
that oh maybe that helped maybe I don't
know but these are the cutest things
ever and look at these paper blades or
giant Easter eggs I kind of think I have
to get this I kind of think I have to
get it it's really really cute I used to
cut the cake though I get cupcakes and
these plates I'm missing my car all day
I don't need cupcakes because I have to
stress that fits at the moment but if I
gained a pound before now and Saturday
so I need to maybe not get the candy
today maybe that's a sign but all this
is the cutest things ever oh I always
say I don't only like Easter decorations
I love Easter because obviously Jesus
resurrected but so crazy I'm know so
what's a good
filled cupcake Oreo yes who is oh my god
I actually have to get these for Sean
because yes he loves Wario's okay I'm
gonna get them for myself so let's be
real shit the one behind actually ten
teams I'm putting that back by the way
I'm sure you guys after that ten seconds
from the back mm isn't so good yeah I
don't know how they're gonna taste like
hi guys let him put it back these look
got our note those are but they look
amazing this Easter section I literally
came in here to get tampons and type
odds oh my god cranberry cream a the
cookies what what see you guys are
getting like a lime haul right now
what's in my target cart I'm not even
those after Saturday though my dress is
not necessarily a tight-fitting dress
either it's just the zipper in the back
it's size 12 you guys problem itself
always was a 14 now and then 12 and it's
from like China so it's like a small 12
oops
also going to get dissection you guys at
the same time I can't because it looks
small amazing mmm seeing all this with
me really good should get the point of
view
spring orioles young maybe check this
chill just an additional price on our
cookies mean definitely check the price
but I don't know I feel like I should
check it today and I don't see one guys
obviously be so happy when he sees me
gonna be so happy I got the Orioles
that's so cool or just god I need these
do I need these though looking neat on
but like do i my battery's dead oh my
god my battery's dying all right guys
target follow me roughly and cut short
but we're leaving the fun Isle anyways I
was gonna get Mitel and maybe I should
get the bananas to accept like no food
at our house alright
TBC TBC should be continued to peak TBC
oh my gosh you guys are awesome on the
cutest cooks ever
these are the cutest in earth like the
boutique obsession
bujji coax me I love coke and I love
booze okay guys so I made this little
like makeshift Easter basket for Sean
for helping me through the move I got
him this and there's like Jack's and
cokes Becca is like a Jack Daniel's
bottle and like coke and I'm all these
little goodies so I think he's gonna
think it's really really cute hopefully
man I don't know I kind of just got
inspired I like who can I give a basket
to and I was like well Sean I put him
through hell this week so hey this is a
lot pain this is doc PG dr. Sean like a
doctor Sean right now he's actual doctor
guys for those of you thought we were
lying my lunch break right now I've
surgery at 3 o'clock yes get her on
video what he knows you know what if you
go if you go to life I'm getting edge or
Debbie Reynolds like it would be there
we just took a picture over in this area
we had your literally just literally
just giving anyone everything he's like
it's like middle range it's like I think
it's 150 an hour by city sniff test
you just have to go yeah I think he he
records it would sound so you can go
home with practice you want people I'm
so hungry
hmm
my Lilly Pulitzer bag everyone asked me
where I get that so Shawn say Shawn
Spencer say crazy Shawn that's not your
real name ah um hey crazy shot by the
way you look like a good doctor um
say something medical so the left
ah the left hey order in your heart's
pumping
Adam perfect huh thanks doctor
wait can I say what you thought about
period billing you 5677 about period
blood
I said yeah friends were out month no
and he said their little pillows of love
that's what he said he said their
pillows of love he's only one I know
that likes period sex no one else does
oh nice to meet ya nice to meet you hey
nice to meet you bye bye okay bye
we going I said nice to meet you that's
good bye we're not Chipotle
oh here's a welcome one watch politely
and doctor lunch break after lunch boy
look at that doctor look right after
lunch
according to me
bean ball burrito duplexing sir
Oh downtown LA this is gonna collect
like I really don't like coming downtown
la by that choke cause it kind of cool
like the bridge and stuff uh downtown LA
traffic gotta go pick up a UPS package
in downtown so jury I'll burn out my
pink are making it but right sweating go
ahead and shower got picked up a package
that's the excitement of this day
