what's up good morning guys just did a
couple of different patreon videos one
for the level 50 tier which is like a
new to get shower get ready with me
shower routine and then I am doing a
little the five dollar one which is
gonna be like I kind of look book on my
bikinis can't really post I can't post
on I mean well I can post on YouTube
it'll get do monetized and flight and it
could like put a strike on my channel so
we're gonna just do that onto patreon
you guys see a little bit in the vlogs
obviously so anyways I am kind of
continuing daily vlogging while I'm on
vacation but when I get home I can't
make any guarantees because tell school
it's so cool um I said well I still want
to walk you guys obviously not have a
vlogging channel so I still gonna block
as much as I can
um but I just don't know how Oh guys how
cute is this hat by the way I'm so
excited where I don't know this is my
head
talk to the sand is that not the cutest
thing ever
so anyways um take a look at the Bahamas
today because I will miss this you and
I'll never get sick of this view
we're gonna head over to Atlantis so peg
island is pretty much booked but I'm
gonna call it a couple different places
and see if I can actually should do that
now to see if we can't get someplace
before we go cuz we're here for a few
more days I really want to see Big
Island but if we don't see that's okay
it's still a good vacation so we'll see
what today has in store my guys are
liking these travel vlogs I still really
feel I did get burnt I have to have
I think burn skin's worse than pale skin
not that pale skins back because I'm
always rock and pale skin but pretty
pasty but I do have a different tan line
on the boots which I should show much on
here cuz I would get black some people
want me to do what I packed the Bahamas
but my suitcase is so unorganized
and so messy and I like camp and
anything so there's just an overview of
my suitcase yeah so I haven't been
putting heat on my hair because it just
gets super dry from the ocean water and
the Sun anyways so I was gonna flat iron
it and I was like no we're just going
with frizzy hair this trip that's what
it is I'm sticking to it
trying to find sunglasses to wear these
are the white links but they're kind of
pricey these were kind of expensive but
I love these so much zoom we're going in
the ocean these are so so I'm a wire
brush but they're not so expensive but
they're not so cheap either
and again I am bringing like my iPhone
which is more expensive than those I'm
wear these at the airport more Bahama
yesiree
I'll get a ton of questions and simply.a
my disappearing for a few days off
social media I just thought I'd do this
vlog that it's a very personal issue I'm
not going to talk about it
had to deal with it so I have to go home
to LA it's not about anybody so don't
leave hate to anybody it's not even
about a situation that anyone knows
about I just have to go home and deal
with stuff but I will see you guys in
the new year you know I love you - I
love blogging I love creating content so
let me back it's not gonna be a long
time but you know what I don't post on
social media few days don't forget we're
eight or whatever but don't be worried
it's honestly something I just got to
deal with
we're deal with it I'm gonna come back
better I love
