Oh guys hey I'm looking rough because
I'm packing so much time today and I'm
getting ready for my flat iron to heat
up so I can take this down and flatten
it but yeah it's basically I haven't
sure June's any of this yet but
basically packing up all of this shot
and it's coming with me to UM tapas in
my new place um but yeah I guess I've
never shown you guys like this room you
know I look absolutely crazy I'm like
about to flatter where it is such a
shame to be leaving this house like it's
a good thing but it's it's just such a
shame the bad memories but on top of
that just like bad the down side of I
guess putting your life on social media
and all that stuff like that you know
it's like I love sharing my life and I
love when people come say hi to me and I
love getting recognized it's like
literally my life dreams it just sucks
like when unwanted people find your
house and it's really really scary so
this room in particular the store in
particular had a really bad incident and
it's just it's just scary and so this
room was always kind like a hoarding
room to me I just threw stuff in here
and close the door cuz I never wanted to
be in this room because one time
well that manatee was against that wall
right there and that's when that thing
happened right there so um but it was
absolutely beautiful there's you know
kind of the view I got to overlook a
Hollywood and I think I'm gonna do a
full house too right or not yet but if I
do decided you want to pop you up for a
main channel but my hot iron taining up
in there and there was the third floor
done that way um and then my bedroom
which I really really liked this bedroom
and at this bathroom a lot actually
it's so messy now there's like dirty
clothes folded clothes George clothes my
bed's a mess everything's kinda mess in
here again a really really um well
anyways living really really pretty
views and the pool was down there my
closet pretty much emptied out we just
got to pack up my purses today
or the rest of my purses I just ate and
my shoes hmm there is some more of you
of what I got to see every day I don't
know if you guys are seeing that yeah I
was like it was a cute little retreat
until it became literally the set of a
thriller movie it focused on man mm-hmm
so anyways I'm gonna go finish why my
hair I just thought I'd show you guys
some of my progress of my packing that's
all the stuff I'm immediately bringing
with me to the new house that I need
right away when I get there hair brushes
makeup that kind of stuff
all right out of my hair and my Trish
pin-up girl shirt which makes me
extremely happy get these that Trisha
Paytas dot Spreadshirt uh-huh all right
yeah but I know there's like a wine
bottle in here we packing we drink wine
wow we just did and I thinking were
these wall colors I hated it so much
like I really felt comfortable or safe
here since day one so okay so this is my
parrot fly arm I'm actually gonna be
getting rid of it because um hey Zeus
had told me that it's actually really
bad for my type of hair I he's like
titanium plate things I guess it's just
too hot for it so I'm pushing you're
using it out anyone's I've packed up
ready to go so they're good for a
certain type of hair types like angels
hair he said it's good for his hair type
because it's very like coarse and
stronger than mine but I guess it does
like break your hair over time which
explains why my hair was breaking so
often so just using it one last time
gonna trying to heat really low
cuz this thing gets highs and love this
because does get so hot and it
straightens out
hi I'm like it's me burning my ears and
if I should never be using that again
okay take those hair hmm
know how crazy my hair looks
yeah I'm feeling less than attractive
leaving less than beautiful I would say
Oh
can't wait to get set up in value plays
such as Ben Finn the bow for a little
past six months I love it here
I just have never felt settled and it
was the worst you know when you don't
feel like going home and you know I come
back here I felt like it was a torture
is not credit without a memory so Sal de
la Vega would go boom which is not like
me I'm you to the opposite I usually
like I like it I did be home and a cozy
little place nothing about this place
was cozy we're a little for that matter
Jesse my hair's like breaking up there
must be this letter so funny I'm just
like I didn't know it was so bad for my
hair so I got like a ceramic plate one
I'm not saying the string X I've always
had the straight I'm not saying the
strainers that we're all hair types
starting a typed it's really really good
for obviously but know your hair's like
mine you know what it's like barely hang
on and I try not to get too close to the
root either I'm kind of ready the most
high
just moving anyways I'm people come
we're selling a lot of my furniture so
Sean's be here to help with that funky
so it's gonna look a little prison for
the day I know I'm really Trish you're
gonna look without my makeup I think
hearing a lot more lately you don't wear
makeup every day if you had acne prone
skin like me you don't want to be bring
it over damn I wear a lot of makeup as
is
it's just going to have to do watch him
he's all like settle down guys
he does were on a wine I love this wine
bottle Wow Wow
so crazy that I'm not she going to be
she just do a house tour mm-hmm kind of
debating on if I want to do a full full
lot of history ISM oh wait yeah all
those mares are coming with me
that things coming with me we're selling
this I should do a house tour actually
because I think this is being sold and
my dining room tables being sold hello
oh my skin doesn't burn as light but
those are amazing windows and then you
looked up and there was the kitchen but
I am happy to be moving this house was
what it was you know I mean was a
chapter of my life that's for sure an
inspiration for an upcoming book I'm
writing so I have a lot to finish with
writing and I will get it done but it's
more believe your thing at this point
smart make a hobby but which is like
that right now
- us being packed up moving moving
moving one moving box says this is all
packed up yeah today is the day I hurt
Shaun Vander well shirt the end of an
era is very short-lived era oh sorry
that's what we're doing you shrink
packing up exciting moving day
I can't wait to get out of this house
and Shaun it is 16 - oh my god Oh qahal
little alcoholic over there I guess
apparently yep boxes mark everything set
others Danielle right Danielle my head
movers so cute you're from Ukraine Oh
from labore bazaar ah lucky so see all
me movers are so sweet today you're on
the district Trish now they're a very
very sweet movers and very excited
either way there's Shawnee house there's
another mover his part-time job is
moving our packing all this up to go
all this these are my dance costumes so
if you like a little kid the guy go
there and this is my garage all the ends
of it oh my god we can't miss these
wines we have to make sure we have DZ
bar then all my snacks are cleared out
pretty much oh no my fridge is not even
close all I have in there is water and
champagne diet of a 20-something year
old and there's the view for the last
time it's pretty but hey to this house
so so excited be out of here and all
this is going my Keurig my boo phone and
my Music Award this is our moon there's
our truck Sean's car my car things are
getting done it is now 2 o'clock we
started at 9 and we are still packing up
I got my baby okay I found he was an
accountant no moving day commences this
is all trash over here movers going
downstairs
there we go almost off getting so I'm
seeing here the Cali one of my favorite
movers being strong and mighty that
rooms getting empty and our bed our
movers are so nice they're so nice
they're from a company called local we
home movers and they are so freakin nice
they're all like I'm Garrett once I'm
garyun one is Ukraine I think and I
forget ones are from but am I here
but yeah eyes are so blue in this light
can't be the object tired on this arm
Sean was over on that roof we were
pretending like well I was pretending
like I was like Michael Jackson dangling
my little blanket over him oh my god
this is really funny thank you actually
I'm using a bitch every times like you
can't do that people will be so mad wow
it's nice to be out fresh air and nature
I love coming out Hannah morning little
baby okay was a see got him in this
house actually it's Sean over there Sean
John was moving tables that I did not
want to come with me there's the
Hollywood Hills back there oh hey hey
neighbor
I did Trish what's your name Sher Shah
nice to meet you baby this is my baby
Oh J oh my gosh this is looks cute yeah
Wow look what I was doing earlier and
you were eyes like chunk and get mad at
me if I do it but look hey hey I'm a new
neighbor hey by the way nice to meet you
did you do some tan yeah yeah you dinner
no ha ha ha I'll pose me then for you
wait why are you over there why are you
so far away
you're so stupid
Oh James oh my god did you imagine do it
go what's the scene you do dip in the
pool I do I do go that's from the you
member the kitchen okay go go son maybe
you should go from here who do it Sam
here why not yes maybe I do
anyways we're getting all this up packed
up it's good look at my god you would be
the most annoying neighbor ever hey
neighbor neighbor hey hey Shawn look
what look look what's down there a bunch
of shit fell down there oh oh my side of
juniors like me
here I'm gonna do it on my buggy because
i sprayed on me so we work we like this
thing see whatever we work we like this
thing would every on you can drink it we
have the voice your eyes dry little dry
run off your face that's when you know
it's right we say perfect Oh
Evian oh we look so her friend
disgusting blunder then but but I what
fuck vodka we look like babies look ha
thanks for rice way this is really he's
making my face oh my god I look crazy he
told me this is good for my skin
so we'll see what my skin looks like
after this I won't think my acne has
cleared up to last night so maybe it
hoped I don't know
I hang in here while they do over do you
know what you're a beyonspray back you
not want this back
you don't want this back you want this
back
let me spray in your face yeah no
seriously it's getting a little dry any
time that you start seeing the glisten
go away on it oh wait
I guess moisturize and this weird thing
I can run this like okay guys we just
came back and my house is pretty much
all packed up that's right
all empty we have our little KFC dinner
sponsored by KFC what did you get oh my
god what is that called the famous hole
name is Lowell because he's a famous
person and then all this gone empty now
Wow TV pretty much all empty dumb we're
gonna get the rest of the stuff and make
one more trip over to eat first
stop - you guys farewell good riddance
