hey guys oh hello I have actually so
today was supposed to be moving day it's
not basically um well the movie to me I
used to use used to be available like
you can call them like um you can call
them I like in Clark the night before
and I'm from 8 a.m. the next day and
move you and I put the ended up in our
relation we company like stole basically
a bunch of my furniture because they
broke some furniture and like we'll get
it fixed and then they basically never
returned it and every time I try to call
the moving company I left I'm a really
really bad yelp review I've only left to
Yelp reviews my whole life no three two
of them were like for terrible terrible
terrible service I just had to leave a
review and then one was for great great
review for this two-day blind company
which was really really great the guy
was really really great and after review
for him um Kara the other batter view I
left um I can't remember but it
definitely definitely was this moving
company so it's not using them but
stupid me seeing as this is like the end
of the month like just I just assumed
people should be available like dayward
call going through the movie and as I
was going through like I typed in 10
best mover moving companies in Los
Angeles like I was going through going
through going through and I was like oh
like no one was available I was kind of
panicking like they weren't available
today they weren't available tomorrow's
like uh
yikes Oh so anyways hope I don't talk
I've been eating chocolate for breakfast
it's so bad I need to get rid of for our
Roche I eat them every morning so it's
so hard when I cup and I'm new food in
my house that's gonna change
um so my lips are so dry - oh dude
chopstick yeah so anyways I ended up
finding a moving company to move me
today is Saturday Sunday so they're
gonna be moving Monday which is fine and
they're gonna bring four guys if it
helped me finish packing up cuz I pack
up all my personal stuff basically and
like my nice things like my purses and
my shoes Master you know get tubs for my
purses my shoes cuz those things I like
my little babies my little prized
possessions if you will mm oh my god
oh it's like I haven't done my
chopsticks right on top um so time and
I'll just go populate him I'm going
today to go get my keys to my new place
to get tubs to get another short unit
because I have a loss off for storage
honestly I would get rid of lot of stuff
I just don't have time to go through
everything right now and I gosh yeah no
idea on East origins I have I have
literally like nights my ten storage
unit so crazy I'm gonna I need to go
through and like to sell all this stuff
on like eBay and stuff cuz I don't need
a lot a lot a lot of stuff the loss of
my storage like the nice shit you know
and considering how to use it that much
so far I'm not gonna need it so but I
was living in the Hollywood Hills I'm
already moved at this point because I
know I'm not gonna get stuff for like a
few days um I was looking in the
Hollywood Hills and it's scariest rock
to live up there like it's so funny
because I always thought hi one
it's so bougie I want I know it's like
my whole life to live up there so scary
so scary because again I am NOT like
dwell on this like too much but the time
so I've had to pull 9:1 quite a few
times
unfortunately I'm never home in whatever
before I moved into this house
it takes them like even went okay so we
common one they like they kind of assess
the emergency like is someone in the
house now or did someone just had broken
in or you think someone might be broken
it did you actually see somebody like
they assess the actual emergency well
I'm going to say one time I actually saw
somebody so that was considered the
actual emergency because the times when
I didn't see someone or if it was a
false alarm in my alarm went off or
something like that was just on accident
or an accident um you know they take
their sweet time also they take their
sweet time when I don't want but I was
on hold on one for like nine minutes it
was crazy anyways so the time that I did
have the actual emergency they work
faster because when it's not the actual
emergency where it's like I think I
heard a noise or something and like do
you see anyone I'm like no and I go to
the house my guess they kind of take
their sweet time like an hour one way up
but this was like the actual emergency
or sigh can I see someone right now like
you need to get here I'm like locked in
my bathroom well because at that time it
was in the mill the NYTimes my room most
of the times I bolted out upstairs and
liked to sprint to the public street but
anyways
so it's like all over the place like a
storytime in my car
anyways so the actual emergency right
that someone's in the house
mr. Muir literally took them to get up
to Highwood hills like 25 minutes which
at that point it's like the alarm
systems going off like the person's
probably like you know whatever they
were in there for like obviously I was
like bolted shut and like it was it was
like it wasn't like as crazy as it may
sound I mean it was crazy trust me for
me it was very crazy um my skin so bad
but the point is living up the high
Woodhill sucks and they even say that
looks just like when you know people
kind of just target this area because
they know because I just walked up here
I was like okay well definitely noted
not buying a house up there or secluded
anymore like that so crazy
and if I ever do get another should go
to house and have 5,000 gates around it
and a guard 24 hours a day there and
like security there 20 hours like and
then some people are like that like my
friends are like why don't you get like
a guy to sit out there like 24 hours a
day which is like $30 and hours or 24 I
mean like that's so much money and it's
so crazy it's like there's people I
lived relatively close to Miley Cyrus
who like looked like the police would
say like she just Kiawah soccers and
just left her door open at time like
what so I was like but she I had an
armbar is like the point of all that I
was like why do I need an armed guard
like
it just seemed I know I shouldn't have
to because it's so crazy and to be
honest it was actually just this one
person basically I mean the other time I
don't really know but definitely this
one person I just had a lot of
harassment there I've had a lot of prank
man we want calls and suppose it was
just Christine anyways like I said I
don't like to dwell on that I just
definitely don't give anyone else ideas
or anything like that but I'm just so oh
my god just I cried yesterday to my mom
I just was so happy to be getting out of
there there's just not only was there
like bad memories it just was you know
it just was a nightmare after nightmare
constant anxiety and paranoia and Ciara
was totally sad it's really sad and I
don't know ups because youtubers are
just less or maybe more vulnerable than
you know you think oh whoa Selena Gomez
probably has like security up the wazoo
and look I had I got cameras installed
towards the end and I had my security
system cuz I always have security system
but you know all that what's that even
matter the alarm goes off yeah it scares
some people away but
I'm just fortunate to be safe and alive
and all that sound like that you know
like I said it and maybe it sounds a
little more dramatic to me it was very
traumatizing and you know all that stuff
and you know no harm was done to me so
you know that's that's a positive thing
that's a good thing and that's I'm
choosing to focus on so like I said I
had to find a place that was just super
secure just 24 hours security I just
needed that I just needed all of this
because just you know just for my own
sanity
that's what I was dealing with and all
that stuff stone no I'm running errands
like I said I'm gonna go to bake I gotta
get a cashier's check cuz i key is got
my storage unit and then i'm gonna go
shopping for toys cuz wow
that's coming to my channel i'm really
excited about it
her Shane Dawson's influence I'm
starting to do a new series of videos
and um we'll see how they go I know I
tell Shane oh my god you're killing in
that YouTube game he's like you know
these are videos that people like to
watch and you know what I gotta do more
of ala I do so many videos for myself
and I love doing be just myself but I
didn't do something you guys want to
watch and I'm like I'm excited about it
actually cuz like he's been doing these
for a while and it's going I don't know
it's not only my thing but I'm like
really excited about it so I'm going
full throttle so I'm gonna go shopping
at Toys R Us today I have the energy and
then into a target it's just like a day
of errands so home I get through this
with my with my sanity bubble bum bubble
bubble bubble butt bubble butt
I'm gonna get some it congri and I have
the time to do so okay guys we are all
stitch oh we are not all such I am NOT
parked oh no I wanted to reverse that
throw stirring that girl's leaving
behind me and I know quarters in meters
and it's got takers
see there was a reason I wasn't a
complete literally hi oh okay thank you
so much
you too news oh hey Joey I got stuff in
the background I was in colorful house
showing that video channel yesterday
Joey's colorful video and I'm like
obsessed that video so much okay I
remember when he I remember he first
made that I was like oh my god I want to
do that it just was such a good video
and it was just really really good it's
such a good song I always play it
anyways i'm off to finally get my keys
and i'm donald i was in the bank for IM
her home we got literally 45 minutes
like it was long line and then i had so
much to get cash out and I ran into a
subscriber it was like so excited and I
had like so much crap on my hands and I
dropped literally two thousand dollars
of cash like thank God I found it and
it's all there but I dropped in I didn't
know when I got in the cars and shit and
I looked outside still there and there's
this area has like a ton a whole ton of
homeless people says like wants right
someone to pick that up within like the
two minutes and me not knowing that
would have been an awful day alright
onward to being an adult
oh don't know much some time my whole
life people are like Trisha oh you live
in church world you live in Fantasyland
like you know in the real world and I
being in Trish land I love living in
Trish land and I want to go back to that
because
heat living in the real world I hate it
but sometimes you just grin and bear it
and that's why I am so I know whoo
hello Hannah Montana came on so girls
like that as I am thankful for Sean of
course you know I don't know you guys
just like I said he did only see like
the fun stuff that I blog but all the
stuff he don't really helps me with he
actually is helping another one of his
friends move today who's teaching
tonight so I'm literally doing all this
part of my own it's actually like really
distressful because I don't know you did
we stop and eat and he was me laughs and
it Justin smell Photowall when I really
hate it
and I've always hated doing this is long
but II especially so now I'm gonna kind
of like reward myself and go to target I
have to get tubs which I'm not good fit
because I'm like block back there face
can't see I think in a few tubs but I
think I'm what I get like oh my people
take pictures with somebody I'm like I'm
gonna think I'm gonna try and find like
the toys I want to play with the air
because I feel like they have quite a
bit of toys I choke it which I totally
didn't think about so well Simon ship to
Toys R Us can fart you around a lot of
toys and I would love to go a little
part so public storage done he's done oh
now it's just packing pretty much I
gotta find a little transfer all the
services and deliver oh my god being or
I was doing that this morning to be an
adult was like my worst worst worst
thing ever it's the worst thing ever I
just I can't do it sometimes
okay mom I can't wait to go home and
like eat uncle says 'hey i have
McDonald's which thank God I got piss
like five hours later now and I'm like
already getting hungry if I did not have
been so starving I'm so excited to go
Target and get some tubs and some toys
and to pee
oh my gosh I've had to pee since I went
to my place why is no-one turning
yeah I could pee still friggin battery
now
hey guys science is mostly a car vlog
I mean I'm gonna actually I should show
you guys my house like half packed up
huh I should do a house tour
that's what I have to do oh my god I
want to do a house tour because when I
first moved into my house I like loved
it mainly because the guys seeing loved
it
so I loved it by default no I did love
it I was like oh my god I can't wait to
live here but it was the excitement of
what was to come
you know it wasn't just like oh I'm
living in this big house alone it was
like old he's all like happening
together and it's gonna be a start of a
new adventure and I was like super
excited and I'm not such an idiot
that's okay a new chapter a new chapter
new beginnings such a new beginning and
six months no I usually have my shit
more together than this book sometimes
things don't work out okay I mean it
really is okay and fortunate enough to
be able to
move on
and move out urban because they're worse
and I can be worse in solitary worse but
going into the boozy target this is an
eighth to clear as my car barely fits in
this so funny
mmm thanks guys weren't here with me
today
you guys are like hey who my friends in
the car now cos
oh my god am I going through when I'm
not I was like am i literally in this
wrong alley I member you guys entirely
and I I did bring into public storage
because like who the hell wants to go in
there it's looking through the most like
out eye gouging thing in the world I
literally just want to excuse me some
can you move one way or the other not
take up the entire I am aa slink young
gotta hear it was so bright in the
middle yeah I know
post religion storage units and people
who work there and we know fence people
work there but oh my god they just look
like they're it is not that's not good
they just look like they're just not
having it or maybe just the fog store
just places I go to Allah by bin
Mohammed it Elmo
it's fine
she'd like my truck Mountain I concur
got some cute pink sneakers
yep that's got it I guess it is Saturday
huh
there's like a ton of spaces over here
20 minute parking only
this is the parkings moment I would like
to have where there's a pet now depends
on that oh my gracious
okay Oh
hi guys ready pushes in park this time
let's go shopping
right now
me
and application see the webs papa thank
God
I get to play with
literally like the groom room for toys
to play cats everywhere that kind of
same focus creamy like sign of abuse I
used to love can't eat this mouse little
so it's cute it's cute making videos now
where I can play with these kind of
things and say it's our YouTube what's
together together comes happening or
just terrify I don't know when we do
with it but simply so many options and
then me being so like obsessed with
shopping I wish I knew who kids could be
soon
mr. creeper kids everywhere casually in
speed cooking the camera in the good
section I absolutely do they haven't
pick and click no no judging right now
initially this is literally might be
right now
see anything my walking disaster and
target but they come pretty tubs here's
I got really excited that's all that was
fitting right going to go test some
women products testing girl products
interesting ones I actually don't know
how to work for instance a douche
literally
so crashing in everybody I'm so hungry
so good
how about fasting thingy products many
people to watch that video hi somebody
actually view right now you're at eye
level with me minds of Ebonics
