I'm hey guys hey oh my god if you guys
all knew how I prepared to start these
fly so funny I talk to myself I go crazy
a little bit hey guys we're gonna go
dance today and we're dancing to Elvis
but we had no like themed outfits for
this one so we're only doing like I'm
like okay I'm over the dance videos
we're actually gonna be stopping against
because we're not practicing for like
the music videos and the tour and stuff
like that so these are actually gonna be
ends of the dance videos that we're
doing we're you know we're dancing for
like exercise and stuff like that and
for fun and I made videos for it but
we're gonna actually just like start
actually practicing on like music videos
and stuff like that so you won't be
seeing against me as much longer for
those of you who don't like it but other
who do like it I love doing them so I
mean we're still gonna try maybe doing
like it's a week once every other week
or something
but let me I had to clear something up
so I I refer to Shawn as my husband and
so I guess a lot of people think are
actually married I thought it was like
so so so clear in our wedding videos
that that was like a prank like it's a
place called I got married and Figgis
just kidding like it's a place that does
prank weddings like that's their job
like every single day they have they
have a prank what prank weddings man so
like I don't know people are like oh my
god I can't with you do that's us it's
like look this is a place that does that
like it's like we people do it's like
funny to go to Vegas you could marry
like you know so I thought it was like
obviously a prank also in the video I
should mention it says in the video it's
a couple asks that's in the video you
guys actually dating everyone says we
say no whatever that we did not say no I
don't you say yes we say yes to
everybody who asks us the reason I don't
really make it so crystal clear and you
know it's it's such a complicated our
relationship is it's not complicated but
it's just one of those things I don't
want the pressure of being like well you
have a boyfriend or you're in a
relationship but I don't want that
pressure on me because I'm a flirty
person and I talked about how guys are
hot and stuff and it's like so it's it's
it's so hard to explain but at the same
time we tell everybody we need to ask us
if we're dating you say yeah we are
because it's like I don't I just don't
know how to explain it and the reason I
call my husband is because he does
everything for me a husband would do and
like he does so much for me and I'm like
you're literally my husband and so it's
just and obviously at the peak wedding
it's just it's just fun for us it's just
fun it's just a fun thing like I call my
husband and you know and we tell
everybody we're Dean we would never have
said no to anyone but like in real life
we tell people I guess it's just on
YouTube I just feel like it's such a
people are just worse it's you're under
such a microscope that like well they
can't be dating because of this and and
they did this and I thought sure sheer
and you know it's just it's just very
like
it's just something that I'm not trying
to like put in concrete like we are
dating we are breaking girlfriend like
nothing you know what I mean it's not
it's just I don't know it's like I I say
he's my best friend because I consider
his friends to like I consider his best
friends we get a set to see a shrink
he's like just say your boyfriend or
best friend or choreographer and I was
like literally all of the above because
he is he's just all of that to me so I'm
not trying to troll anyone or trick
anyone yes the wedding was obviously
like a prank I thought I was gonna be
like funny and people like took it so
seriously got so pissed when they found
out I was like a joke and I mean
literally Desai was gonna be funny I
actually saw youtuber on here and do it
like a year ago and I would totally
believe there was a room we good you got
married girl like what and I saw her
video and I was like oh okay like I
thought it was funny like I thought it
was just a funny prank I know operty
prank so it's like I don't know people
are just you know but I know when trying
to trick anyone or troll anyone or get
attention or views you know II mean it's
just I just love being around him and I
yes I suppose I say oh we're dating and
sometimes they say we're best friends
and you know it's just there's just no
it's no nothing there's no pressure on
it there's nothing and so when we say
two people were dating it's like well we
are we go out on deke that's just it's
just fun it's just fun we're just having
fun like it is it's just my I love him
more than life itself he's also family
he's also a brother husband and a
brother and we and we jokingly help
people a - we're actually we're actually
related like as a joke obviously and you
know it's just I just know that I'm like
I did I'm just having fun I'm driving by
and I just you know I'm having fun in
life like I don't know it sucks that
people are like are trying to tear me
down just for whatever reasons because
I've changed a little you know it just
suck and not even a ranting I just
wanted to like clear that up because I
feel like we're still tiny confused and
I don't
I try to confuse no money so um yeah so
anyways then he's been helping me I got
so much with this move it's so stressful
I'd literally have a day to move oh my
god like oh so stressful I'm so stressed
out but like I'm not at the same time
because um I mean I have help thank God
cuz he helps so much so he's like some
stuff on Craigslist and to self and yeah
yes I'm a Miss Piggy shirt on because we
are picking and Kermie because we both
love the Muppets oh my gosh you guys
this is how I knew I'm sorry I knew we
were soul mates when I which was house
for the first time okay so he told me
you liked the Muppets and he was like I
saw something Kermit Miss Piggy okay and
then I was like you know when you first
meet somebody troll they're like face
not troll it you like creep on their
facebook mr. troll I don't know whatever
on their Facebook and I was on his
Facebook and I saw he was like holding a
giant car mouthing okay well you know
yeah but then I went I'm up it's
calendar and all his Muppet movies on
DVD I was like oh my god we're soul
mates like I'm obsessed with the Muppets
and I was these carp and I was like oh
my god we are actually actually so mean
so he always said that he was like
Kermit and I'm like okay of people I've
always referred to me Miss Piggy even
before I was online like people just
call me was speaking cuz I love Miss
Piggy so much and decorous now it's like
some people say like to be me and like
he's picky because like you know like
I'm big and I eat a lot so I guess we
were saying that like do you mean by
I've always taken the house couple I've
always taken Miss Piggy as a compliment
because I think she's like so fabulous
I've always loved her Miss Piggy I
thought she was so cute I mean she's a
little mean to Kermit some him which is
ox act I might realize it was wrong I
can be a little me and Jon puts up with
it but um yeah I thought I just thought
that was like really really funny stuff
it really just may be the wrong turn
again you vlogging listening I'm
thinking to myself yeah and I just
explained that I literally just miss La
Brea oops
hey guys it's got done with dancing
Shawn's going in to think I'm gonna go
in to the counter we're gonna eat I feel
so good after dancing I feel so
refreshed
I feel so energetic I feel positive I
was a little stressed out about moving
and stuff and when I dance I just don't
think about it I just sweat I have a
good time and make me Shawny
we did a little oz conversation that's
right piggy shirts today I'm really
happy and he's wearing current so I'm
sure that my battery's about to sign a
car so I deserve it but we're no
encounter
this is so la we're gonna will shatter
well shine there's no pink
can you wagon over there yeah all day
and I say that every blog but I really
how many oh my gosh guys Maratha Connor
this is so cool is my first time filling
out you like fill out what you want I
think it's the blue juice thing ever
yeah I'm just like plain like burgers
and fries there was a movie Washington
and the muffin and a firm he wanted to
marry Kermit and there was like a faint
courage to vote every vote its Most
Wanted oh yeah he knows all about you
know I was explaining the movie to me
famous this is the chomp like side of me
want to get married in Vegas
and see a lot you can Emily move we're
gonna watch what move really / ganache
on their move indeed
luckily that's when they're in London
and they steal the principle yeah so
we're gonna drink wine and watch The
Muppets it's a pun
do you moving it's fun when you have
strong band or will stand up there oh
yeah filling in all those burgers
staring at me I said we danced today and
they'll pick you up at my age I put my
nipples and areolas yeah but yeah but
wonder Connor it's it's super cool which
is really an urban in your report and we
got don't move Tracy Simmons are a
chocolate shake with Bailey's Irish
Cream Liqueur all right guys these are
our shapes how is it holy
is it amazing
oh my god oh my god that must have a I
think they have her all day night look
we have our little shades and our little
permit mushrooms
it's a chocolate shake what a day
Bailey's Irish Cream hmm
so good oh my god why is this is the
burger I kind of have found burgers I'm
so frigging hungry you got a salad we're
team having a few potato fries and we're
sharing here put the price of metals
that's what we do
sharing is caring it could be fun mmm so
yummy
