okay hey guys oh man this is kind like
an announcement video because I feel
like I'm not on time to like it make I
sit down announcement one before it
actually happens um but um anyways mmm I
I'm moving I'm moving this is like the
big thing that I've kind of been talking
about kind of when I'm like you know
everything's good happening stuffing my
personal lights I had nothing to do with
other people everything I ain't
mentioning that I had to deal with like
my health situation and and this is the
safety of it then not the lack of safety
the lack of time and privacy it was a
lot of safety to be honest every single
video I posted from the day I did my
first I I moved video everyone was
listing my address in the comments and
it scared the shit out of me like
originally I was just always paranoid in
that house because like the first day I
moved in like everyone found my address
everyone was posting out every site
everything I like hot a contact with
lawyers I trying to get this taken down
it's just like it's kind of this
never-ending battle and it's fucking
serious fuck because guys I guess
there's just no
I guess there's just no watch not
posting people's addresses and if you
know which I guess there's nothing
illegal about that but it's just fucking
creepy and if you guys post nothing you
guys like you guys that are watching me
but if you know anyone or see anyone
posting someone else's address like it
needs to stop it's scary there are scary
people out there and it's not even like
the vocal haters it's not that at all
it's more of like the silent ones
because what I've dealt with the past
six months at my house is so
unbelievably terrifying and scary and it
made me want to shut off of social media
completely but it's such a catch-22
because I can't do that I can't you know
I chose this career in social media and
it's it's my career so I mean I can't
just just disappear you know maybe
that's what people are wanting we're
wanting by scaring me and stuff
and I don't even like to talk about it
so I don't like to put that out there
and give anyone ideas for any other
youtubers or anybody celebrities or just
regular people who get stopped and like
people find out their addresses it's so
so scary it's it's it's actually
terrifying it's terrifying and above all
things that haven't happened to me I've
had to file just so many police reports
and it's terrifying it's just it's
absolutely terrifying aside from all
that just the mental terror the
psychological
warfare in my head from I'm having to
deal with it from day one of people
having my address and saying I hope
someone comes in like skins her and just
I mean there was way worse stuff that
like it has actually giving me
nightmares like I you know I feel oh
said I look tired already looks like I
think bags in my eyes and lately you
know and it's all it's all hidden just
stress and terror and not sleeping and
it's been awful it's been awful so I'm
moving and I'm I'm happy I'm so happy
I'm so happy about it like you know I
was really excited to move in that house
I was really excited and yes
there was kind of bad juju to begin with
because I was to be moving in with the
sky I was eating and it just didn't work
out and you know and then this other guy
I started dating you know didn't work
out with him you know then bad things
happened in the house with him and then
I'll talk about all this you know being
being stopped at this house which is
and it's not you know I've had you know
a couple viewers you know write sweet
notes leave it on the door and you know
to be honest it's a well it was a little
scary because you know I was living
there alone just by some guess I'm
already moved out like I'm already like
I'm literally moving in two days from
this video so you're I don't mean
whenever I edit this whatever but you
know I just it just was scary to know
that people were so could so easily come
to my house and not to say what I move
that people can't find out my address
but where I'm moving is secure it has
24-hour security you know it's in a huge
huge huge building with multiple
multiple wings and just it's just you
know it's very secure I told my realtor
I was just like I just need something
that is the ultimate in security because
I just need to feel secure my oh my I'm
not saying I'm the biggest lover II this
happens to regular people stalking
happens to regular people every single
day and it's terrifying it's not it's
not acceptable it's not acceptable and
for anyone that thinks it is this is and
this is just a ranting just out there
I'm just like saying this in my head
it's not it's sort of not sure you get
any of you guys and stuff and I get I
get the curiosity of it but here's
what's so crazy someone posted a video
of my everything looks so bad shape I'm
so tired
thank God Sean's been staying the night
with me because if he has not he had not
been staying with me like I wouldn't I
have what it's like thing I just wasn't
sleeping so anyways um someone posted
pictures of my address outside my house
of my house of the interior the exterior
like with the full address as a church
Paytas his home address like what was
the title I reported it to YouTube
privacy and like they just they just did
nothing they'd like you know on a get at
the system's flawed and maybe like huge
hoop I didn't know but like I reported
it and I said this is an invasion
privacy and they said it didn't just
like oil it didn't have ate anyone's
privacy we're keeping it up it's so
scary it's so scary it's so so scary I
went out wish this upon anyone like to
not feel safe in your own home and to
feel paranoid and terrified all the time
is is the worst feeling ever and I think
you know I had multiple entrances
multiple levels to my house it was a big
house like it was an old house of
sometimes it would be a false alarm
where my doors would just bust open and
my alarms would go off because you know
it's just windy and I had old doors you
know sometimes that was it but because I
already had this like implemented in my
head so seed on my head of like people
already know where I live every time
that went off I would bold and I would
cry at a run I'd call Sean I call and
just be like I just I couldn't live and
I couldn't sleep there I couldn't take
showers I just and it sucks because I
thought it was a beautiful home and I
really liked having a lot of space and I
mean people are always like well you
never decorated it made your own because
it's like from day one I felt unsafe
there I felt unsafe there and it just
kind of sucked because it's not just so
easy to move
it's better anytime but also just like
in and out of house like it's not that
easy you know you can't just like move
into all of them move out of it it
doesn't work like that so
the house situation I'm dealing with all
I know is I'm getting out of there
because it's just it's just scary it's
just scary and I just I mean there's
like literally 500 thousands for times
if you'd like I do about it and trust me
and never I never even mentioned this
I'll block anything cause I just someone
give anyone ideas and I still don't I'm
still like not about you know that's I'm
saying I just don't wanna get into like
details of anything that really happened
other than that like it was scary and
they said it was it was beyond just
people leaving letters because there was
some sweet letters that were like left
at my door and Stefan you know and I get
that and it's very that's this harmless
but I think when it's like I don't know
just just just knowing it and I think
there's look I am a big fan of everybody
I was a big fan of Michael Jackson
Britney Spears I got a big fan of
everybody but I would never I would
never go like to Britney Spears house
like waiting for her to come out you
know it's just it's just a no but and
with a I get it I get it you know I
don't do a lot of me grades I want to
change all that because I do want to
meet you guys
but like I said all the incidents that
happened we're not people who were a fan
they weren't lovers of me they weren't
trying to meet me at take a picture with
me I had a couple pose mates you like
watching videos and I was totally like
yeah I don't carry because you guys are
nice and know people who like like me
haha
I mean for the most part probably don't
want to hurt me it's this other crazy
people that are just either sick or
twisted or anyways like I said I don't
want to dwell on it and it's not it's
not like I mean it wasn't big deal to me
at the time and I was going through a
lot of shit so just know that I'm moving
and I'm sure somebody will see the
layout and when I didn't even do a room
tour anything in my apartment my house
because I was just I was really paranoid
about the layout I mean I did log in
there but belonging is what I do you
know so of course I'll be walking in my
apartment but you know if you just know
someone's address or you want to know
out of your own curiosity
it's just like Spanish is not I mean why
I don't know it's so frustrating and I
don't want to make this I mean this this
channel I love and I don't wanna make
this anything like negative down but I'm
just moving and I and now I get a
thousand and one questions out why
moving again and it's I hate trust me I
hate moving I hate moving
so much oh my god so much but we stayed
up packing from shopping more came over
a and we stayed impact until like
midnight and then we got up and we were
packing from 8 a.m. to like 5 p.m. today
and then I think I'm just thinking we
were should like do the other stuff like
we packed up my personally purses and
she's like that I'm gonna get to do
everything else and just start fresh I
just that's getting rid of a lot of
clothes and shit anyways I just wanted
to tell you guys first but I feel like
this is where it's gonna happen first I
feel like I will probably do a full
moving video so on my main channel so
you might be hearing some of this twice
maybe I'll go into a little bit more
detail by move or maybe less detail I
don't know I just want to tell people i
moved again um you know I hope he buys
upstate you and like I said this is not
about people who are sweet and genuine
and have good intentions this is about
some sick individuals and the ones who
do find my address and don't have bad
intentions in post anyways because they
feel like you know
special they founded a river just please
don't post it don't post anyone's you
know I just don't know it's just it's
just a very unsettling it's an
unsettling feeling and like I said it
has nothing to do with fianc media or
anything you know I mean a little bit of
that but regular people to just just
knowing where like people live that
gonna tell you where they live is like
let's live an invasion of privacy and
also just like mentally it's just this
kind of messed up but anyways cameras
help me I'm gonna be all done so Dave I
invited these I don't know why we've all
made this appointment before I knew I
literally do not know I was moving into
like today like technically confirmed
yesterday so alright had the nail place
I'm gonna do that I'm gonna like get my
eyebrows waxed put here just kinda like
pamper myself a little bit um you know
have a stressful few days so alright I
just wanna play guys in and um yeah
let's go get my nails done
relax all right yeah he's with my nails
I got I think he had something very
similar to this before um you know the
same thing basically but yeah those be
Romanians very glittery I'm gonna go
home and eat and sleep I'm so tired
we've been packing all day no we have
been packing all day and I have my
eyebrows done oh yes eyebrows back on
Luke um with my old am so so so so tired
so anyways I love menials they're so
different I guess they're like for Thea
Patrick's Day so everyone was saying but
they're not darn all so anyways I just
realized the first is literally in two
days so two days I have to get my
apartment move it just it seems like a
lot for someone has a lot of things but
we're gonna get it done positive vibes
I'm gonna go eat and sleep tonight and
not think about it I'm worried about it
all tomorrow but we already it's
tomorrow because I do need my exercise I
need to get my meditation on so alright
I'm gonna post mate so the post make him
meet me when I get home
all right guys you're gonna be on my car
ride home with me
I don't know I just Sean's teaching
tonight so I was gonna yell son when he
teaches because I just like I know he
has to go teach so I just know I'm gonna
be you know chillin by myself for the
night anyways I got my nails on and
shape flowing on not distracting to
driver to other drivers we're just gonna
all ride home together I think that
would be even thing to do because I
stopped someone in the car which is why
I like having people in my life because
I go crazy when I touch myself too much
so okay car vlog anyway I always kind of
do like a little car belong here in
there but I don't know like a car Bob
artists at talks it's about things I
know it's kind of ranting earlier and I
do apologize like a sometimes II feel
like I ran too much but I feel like a
hold a lot into and it's like I really
can't rant about it to people in my life
because
there's no plate with the National
Street I was gonna shave her you know
you know I just feel like there's no one
I can only rant to and also it's like no
please when I hear people complain right
so anyways I ordered in ordered someone
post me it's this amazing I think you
talk about my friends you know I used to
drive there from where I used to live in
the Beach City like an hour to go get it
cuz it's so good and did you deliver to
my house but like it really it's really
expensive cuz I don't live close to
there either closer or not close and I
just made fun of me she is if anybody
wants to know
it's called amici that was really good
spaghetti and meat sauce okay lights and
town tired from there I'm really excited
almost can we can shut about yeah it's
doing is so stressful it's so
overwhelming it's small overwhelming
like thinking about it is it's alright
hidden you wrote it I needed to go it's
right I'm like because you're like sure
but then that you know you have a
million things you think about you're
thinking about a needs young I know I
was like - she lips are big enough no no
it's like sometimes look really small
doing
but the new place I am moving to I am
very excited about because it is just so
like it's so easy to be lost in there
there's security 24 hours I just like
that I like the security and I like
being just kind of in with the crowd
almost it's just so weird I always
thought Tiffani I always said I wanted a
big house until I lived in a big house
and I'm like cool and it does get lonely
a lot of people are like oh my god if I
was Trish I'd be so lonely in that house
and it does get lonely like if it's just
you and a house like it's just like the
loneliest thing every just like wow I
have you have money mm nice things and
how it but it's like if no one's if the
love's not in the house if the love's
not and the house then it's not I mean
it really isn't like that great actually
so you know I I like just being it's a
space is so much smaller thank God just
a lot cozier just like everything and I
know there's gonna be people like
speculating
why does she really move but I pretty
much said it you know but crazy-ass
people out there
anyways this Oh and towards the end I
had gone cameras installed see a
something so many cameras installed my
new place two cameras just actually make
you feel a lot safer because when
something does go down you can see at
least she's doing it and oh my god crazy
it's great it's crazy
like I said came to I want anything I
don't want to run anything on with does
anyone off like I don't want it is one
of us but yeah
homeless there's gonna be some happier
vlogs coming I'm doing a music video in
March I've been doing music video I am
Easter's and more else's in March my oh
my brother and my sister-in-law are
coming into town which is so crazy
because my mom's moving I'm moving and
then they're coming like a few days
later so that's what we really crazy
um what else what else
trying to think so I was gonna have a
birthday party at my house when my name
is let me my house got burnt a party
there but that's gonna be next and I
think I want to go to big a for a
birthday and I don't really know where I
didn't want to make it and it might show
music of you on the stake and because
I'm excited I'm excited maybe we'll see
I don't know I'm just upset it I'm just
so excited about so many possibilities
coming up that's what I love about life
in this reason image LA it's the reason
I got into entertainment I just like
that every day is different and every
day is like a new opportunity and I have
so much excitement I signed with an
agency which is a huge thing for me cuz
I have a manager I have a network and I
have you know now we're gonna remain
German Network and now I have agent
which is like really great because and
I'm so picky when it comes that kind
stuff because the agents always contact
me and stuff like that and I'm very very
picky cuz I just might as well just any
agents but now I have a really great
lawyer that actually trusts me I've come
to see so many lawyers and lawyers are
fuckin trading um this is interesting
anyone just like clapping at this point
now I have a lawyer that I like trust
and love and he knows about like the
entertainment business like
focus on me my son right
it is nice and I can have like a look
over stuff that needs to be looked over
guys remember like last year how short
this got again
always going through the ringer it's the
perks of being blonde it's the cons of
being blonde I guess let's see when I
post me too is McGovern I was so awkward
if you pay me home before me I'm sorry
I'm just really lazy hungry oppose me to
breakfast this morning starving so
starving right now
focus it does this at night doesn't it
you know what I should just not stop
long because I feel like at night just
remember I'm a rollin rollin in for KFC
lost power adventures we were on
together anyway
all right well I was like guys come
because
it's getting blurry it's kind of we have
a back action well just let you go
because clearly someone's going sucks
and I guess our clutch our connection
sex it was doing that literally
literally know what look I can keep
going and like literally it's like I
hate anyone so excited for the move and
I'm so just be there and moved like once
I'm all like there and moved up again
you know to build up after school
Emily's I'm just excited I'm also said
about my youtube channel I know I have
always a msi turbo auto practice off
youtube and music in stuff like that I'm
excited to start making like why make
videos every day on my channel but like
I I have some new inspirations coming
from a channel which I'm really excited
about he must still run into me
wow that bus is getting so close
I have a lot of new inspirations coming
right now I'm very very excited about it
it's something totally new and different
and I just I'm just excited to start
filming again like I know like I said
film but sometimes you didn't Oprah I
never run out of ideas before I wasn't
cutting all right I never run ideas it's
never be for me but they focus again
sorry sometimes you just kind of like
get stuck in like a rut like okay I'm
good you're talking about him into a Q&A
video like
but I really liked the nighttime routine
that I recently posted like a month ago
because it's not a reason this is really
well so maybe I should do more routines
I'm so open to suggestions by the way
guys I'm so open to suggestions because
I you know I like to make content that
you guys like so and I love you guys for
your question routines I mean you don't
start routine like everyone's requesting
it and low and behold I did a routine
you guys I did them yeah The Container
Store oh my god I need to go there any
ticket no I'm at a red light nice we can
help us anything you sure I'm gonna get
a caboodle booking thing there my hair
she has angel ahead at caboodle where
did you get it was a kind of a boozy
when he's like huh oh my god I have
another no I have to make man I wanted
this new vanity - okay container
all right guys what kind of cue today
I'm gonna this huge and why do I always
break it out right there and it's a
really unattractive sparkles right by
your mouth all right guys I am going to
drive I wish I would talk to you guys
the whole way home but I mean like it's
getting blurry and yesterday I'm lost
and I'm like rehash it but I feel bad
when people like it annoys me but then
it's like I can't wait to anything cuz
it's like remember sailing I'm just
riding on my luck best way I know how
Oh head up higher Oh goodnight you
all right I love you I'm gonna real
Emile's huh the poster matches my I
guess I love you guys I'm gonna really
stop blabbing and I'll see you in a
clock and we'll do maybe some moving
blogs maybe I don't know we were hacking
all day and I did not even think to vlog
but because like packs very fast very
like frantically I feel like I'm very
friend ik when he does it he was really
cute help me in fact everything for me I
kind of sound like was I can't mm-hmm
I'm a lucky girl what can I say I am
lucky I'm so lucky he literally takes
care of oh the stresses in my life
especially with moving and that has
showed his like I have and I didn't know
history colleagues before and these are
his true true true dollars because
moving is very stressful and he makes it
so not stressful and fun and simple
don't all right guys for my little baby
fishy
Cantor's whoa that is Russia okay
