hey y'all good morning it is dancing day
when it's not dancing day hey I just
wanted to apologize for yesterday's vlog
if I was a little like you know but I
ran I can get it a little bitchy you
know a little like fuck everybody and
like wow this is like I mean it is Who I
am I haven't really like short tempers
you know
you pushed me too far over the edge like
I'm gonna you know I'm gonna break and
have a breaking point for sure but you
know at the same time I just gotta like
last shit go like I don't know why I let
things like get to me so much like you
know I don't know I just need even
better I've always had you know I've
always had trouble like letting things
go and just getting a really bad temper
early to my temper over things that are
kind of not important to my life and my
happiness so I pulled over to text see
how was a responsible driver I pulled
over
Beasley haha um but yes I am
and also I just have to adjust this this
is like not a rare anything is just
something I didn't want to say I need to
say and I feel like I say a lot but I
maybe need to see it more is I am so so
appreciative of you guys like I feel
like I say that a lot like I actually I
get emotional I talk about you know my
YouTube life and you know my internet
life to me life is up with other people
because I have I have I have really
really amazing loyal followers I do I
mean I get I do I get a lot of hate and
people always say that like what's with
all the hate you know I get a lot of it
maybe that maybe I'm pretty honest I
don't know I can't focus on that because
I think I'm just only being myself so I
don't know you know I don't know how to
fix that really that I get a lot I do
but I'm a transpose up but I'm the
flipside of that and people companies
brands you know people I've met what
everybody says like yeah you know you
have some you know you want to sway
through my whole car situation the guy
who ended up helping me at the end of it
all was like well you definitely have
very loyal supporters and I'm like you
know what I do like you guys are the
ones who are writer guy are so true blue
but I just I am so I'm so appreciative
like I'm so appreciative so four people
are like you're being so disrespectful
to our dear viewers like I don't I don't
understand how that is like I'm not I'm
not lying I'm not making things up for
like nothing I mean and I never would do
that anymore that's why I stopped
rolling because I realized how much of
an amazing following an amazing group of
girls and boys and
that I have that I just I would never I
would never I have my some of us on I'm
gonna be more like I would never I would
never jeopardize that in a million a
million years and it makes me sad that
some people are like I can't believe
you're lying to it like I'm like oh it's
so it makes you want to scream it makes
me want to rip your hair we I laugh
because we did that song that it makes
you want me want to rip my hair out it
makes me want to it's just it's so hard
to convince people and it's like at the
same time when you try too hard to try
and convince people that you're not like
then just comes across even worse and
it's just like I'm living life and but
I'm so appreciative every single thing I
do is is for you I've logged every
single day for you guys like I cuz I'm
just I'm so I love it I love it I love
sharing my life but I'm also so
appreciate about the feedback in the
interaction and that you guys are a part
of my life like because no I don't have
that many friends I really don't and I
never have had a lot of friends I've
never had a lot of support you know my
family even my family who I hope dearly
just don't really get what I'm trying to
do it sometimes like they think it's
cool now that I'm like successful and
stuff like that but I think they have
sometimes the struggle and other people
my real up to a struggle understanding
Who I am what I do and why I do what I
do like you know very few people get it
and and I realize so it's like I'm very
fortunate to have so many people out
there in cyber-land actually get me like
it sounds crazy it sounds weird but I'm
again I get really really emotional
thinking about it because like nobody
has ever gotten me like a majority of
you do and I and I am very very very
appreciative so the thing that I think
pisses me off more than anything else
more than talking shit about friends and
family is
saying I don't appreciate and I don't
respect my viewers like oh my god like
what
and it just it really really gave me
like anxiety and it gave me I was
physically sick over it you know last
night because I was just thinking and
bad I'm like I don't someone made a
reference to like MC Hammer pissing on
spoons I don't even know what that
situation is like the MT humors animal
that mean
but other than fact that I got the gist
and he like pissed off his fans and you
know I've always said this and I always
maintain this humility of you know I'm
not really anyone special I don't do
anything exceptionally well I'm not
exceptionally great dancer singer
actress like I don't have a talent and
hair or makeup or clothing or fact look
I don't I don't not fitness nothing you
I don't have a special niche special
talent other than just being myself so
when I think people question that
authenticity they have these rubber
bands can embrace the authenticity of
who I am and me as a person and
character you know it sucks and I guess
and I know I brought a lot of their own
because I used to troll so hard back in
the day and I and I did but you know I
changed I just you know for those of you
who can appreciate that you know thank
you and I'm not like I said I don't want
to address haters and I've just been
blocking comments and stuff because I do
get real I can get really angry and
honestly blocking it is actually the
best really best release and also the
best feeling in the world
it's just blocking cuz it's just such a
simple power move that like they really
just can't say anything back to you and
I kind of like that you know it feel
like a whole it's a Howard really no
it's just it's just letting me live my
life at be Izanami to fight with people
annoys energy and responding except when
I responded haters you know they love it
and then the more haters came along even
when I start response I mean no I can't
why is this like
um oh my god I'm like like losing my
mind right now but I love I eyes I truly
love you guys so much the ones who are
supportive and awesome and watch and
just are along for everything I love you
guys you know this is my daily life I
take you with me and like I'm sorry if
people don't like that my life has
changed and the new guys don't enjoy
watching it as much I am very very sorry
for that but at the same time it's like
I need to change and evolve
hey guys dance studio OTD yeah I have
like full-on dirty dancing everything I
have these shirts to say they're shorts
I say baby in the back and then my shirt
tells I've had the time of my life I had
a dirty ANSI sweatshirt and of course my
Giuseppe's and dirty sneakers that are
so comfortable and I wash my hair today
so we have a fresh blowout and I'm
actually going to be wearing in that
like little number over there for a
dance or drink a contemporary song peace
peace sounds such a cry over she lost a
pound and this is what I'll be wearing
it's from Capezio oh my god scared me
Sean was taking a shit are you feeling
better now
look how cute you look today you look so
cute look at him gracias you look good
what are these IDs or whatever enough
these are called these are called
probably open Ross knows okay wait what
are we dancing to did I tell them you're
the choreographer tell them what we're
dancing to today they even notice my
shirt what I taught it says today it
says I've had the time of my
look we're gonna we're gonna do that oh
oh I don't even notice I was a lift on
there it's our song oh we're gonna we're
gonna do it don't think that excited
about it he's he's very tired today or
something cuz he's not that excited
about life I'm very excited about I'm
just focused today I told him he needs
to morning YouTube videos and hasn't
done that
I'll show you one right now can we live
in the moment living that now oh hey was
I think have another UTA whatever that's
who you are
you're so cute what add a hashtag or
date hey by the way did you know that
was the first hashtag you ever used on
the first picture we posted you posted
what a day and I saw them jellyfish okay
so why was this action selfish okay
there's often sectional jellyfish bad
choice
jellyfish okay guys take that we'll save
that for a nice tight going on jellyfish
has to take belly fish hashtag belly all
right belly fish butter we just hate
Mexican I feel like kind of sick from it
oh whatever
is she
