I am a gum smacking whore today so if
gum smacking it's gonna know you for the
next couple minutes I've got my my mouth
why I do this oh TD I'm just feeling
very dark and black today I'm feeling
very Britney my prerogative because I'm
just like fuck you to everybody it's
just one of those days you know room
mostly the everything is getting to me
I get those days when surrounds so it's
like they say I'm crazy I really don't
care that's not rocket ever
they say I'm Nesta but I don't give a
damn yeah yeah this is kind of like just
a berry I don't know just I kind of
don't give a fuck sort of thing that's
very just I'm gonna be wearing a
lingerie top out in public like I just
don't give a plug and I'm wearing dark
ass makeup that makes me look like a big
ol hooker and we love it and I love this
color for even Heather's my anasazi a
Beverly Hills liquid lipstick so much um
this hop is from Nasty Gal
it was part of the Courtney Love
collection like is our American Apparel
and messing it goes I'll just uh be some
nobody look at those sparkles and shine
everybody's talking all this stuff about
me well I don't they just let me in
there
tell me why I'd only permission make my
own decisions
oh that's not a rocket said that's not
Rockets hair it's fitting to that video
the Britney Spears video that song right
anyways I'm beyond it and scopic it's
Trish warning gum is still in my mouth
so fast forward this part of you don't
wanna see the gum with smacking um it's
just one of those days you guys that
just everything gets to me like every
comments all the time like every day my
life is consumed by reading comments cuz
I like it's part of it's part of YouTube
is part of social media we propose to
get comments oh I really truly like
reading comments especially cuz most of
it a lot of it is the majority of it is
supportive but of course as human beings
we focus on the negative we focus on the
hate and I'm
just stop doing that because I was
responding to comments I was getting so
angry just people who think they know my
life and who I am and I had like a 3,000
rants on the zip right now so I'm not
gonna even I go into it but just people
who just are so convinced they know
everything that they know what I feel
they know my relationships that they
know other people's feelings and I just
like gets to a point where it's like
just you just go up and you just want to
tell everyone to fuck off because like I
love sharing my life I love sharing my
life and the thing with this channel my
youtube drama shares life and this is
what I was commenting a million times on
the blog I posted today that I'm filming
this this is my life this is my real
life like some lonely girl situation if
you guys remember lonely girl the
definitely live know the comments below
but I'm not scripted
I'm not a fake part like I my name is
Trisha Paytas this is my life this is
what I look like this is what I weigh
this is what I eat this how would you
make um this is how I like everything on
this channel is real like it's 100% real
when I first started this channel so I
totally kind of get a little bit of
confusion for some of you who are just
confused I guess you know when I first
are this channel I would try and like
add things to make it more interesting
but it only lasts for so long before I'm
like okay it's not real whatever you
don't meet but I haven't done that in
like over a year and a half probably and
at this point my life I don't feel the
need to fake anything and what would be
the benefit of me doing that you know
this all I can say is this is my life
this is my life this is my real life I
have to live my life the way I want to
because it's my life and I choose to
share with you guys because I really
love to share my life with you guys so I
guess so what I can say is if you like
watching my life for better or for worse
you know continue to watch and if you
get annoyed with things I do you just
need to unsubscribe especially to this
channel this is amazing a life channel
like I think you guys with me every
single 2x ohm every day of my life like
every single day it would be really
really hard to keep up with a charade
for a day a week let alone a month so my
relationships are real just because I
can't give you guys a definite this is
what this is what that is with
everything relationships whatever
career work what I'm doing jobs you know
situations happening you know it doesn't
mean it doesn't mean that these things
aren't happening and that they don't
exist it's just it's just life is
complicated like this complicated and
this is real life so it's like I can't
say you know this is this and this is
like it's just I can't you know I don't
I don't know sometimes I just feel like
out of complete loss but at the end of
the day this is my life you can choose
to believe it or not the one comment
that get me so mad at once is you're
disrespecting your fans by lying to us I
ain't lying about shit especially when
it comes to Sean I love him more than
life itself he is literally the one
person my life that I've loved more than
anybody and you know along with my
family the same thing goes all my
friends any friends you see my block
angel haze ooh Shane drew I love them
more than life itself and when you start
fucking with them or saying telling me
how I feel about that more right what my
relationship statuses are with any of
them saying I'm friends with this person
and not ones with this person and we're
dating we're not dating
like then I get really pissed I get
really really pissed because those
people I love more than anything because
when I let people in it's very few and
far between but when I let them in they
become family and blood and I would
literally take a bullet for them so I
just pisses me off when someone tries to
tell me like what my what my
relationships and friendships are and
what they aren't and it's like you don't
know shit so like I said this is like a
percentage of you guys been seeing more
and more comments so it's the last I'm
gonna address it I'm just gonna block
people who pissed me off like it's just
it's just that easy for those who try
and wrap it in and we're concerned for
you well this is my life and I am an
adult I'm almost 30 in a couple years
I'm almost 30 and I can kind of live my
life the way I want I'm gonna make
mistakes I'm gonna screw up I'm gonna
make bad choices that's real life and I
am a real Buckham youtuber where I'll
show you all that like I just put
everything out there I put everything
out there so like I said for better for
worse everything's out there
I don't think and fuck fucking fake
anything anymore nothing's bullshit
anymore because it's it's too exhausting
it's too hard and I'm too damn old for
that shit like I just don't so yes I was
a troll back in the fucking day but get
the fuck over it because I
I don't I don't troll anymore so anyways
it just gets to you sometime it just
gets do a lot of things they do it
builds up and like I said when it comes
to people that I truly truly love in my
life
like love I just get really really
pissed when people try and like judge
that scenario or that relationship its
mm-hmm that doesn't work I don't like it
when they do a talk with my mom my dad
anyone brother-sister like I don't like
I say Oh her sisters embarrass her
brother doesn't meet her blogs anybody
but you guys don't fucking know shit my
family and I are so fucking close and it
does piss me off
but because I don't talk about them a
lot it doesn't get brought up all that
often thank God because I would move I
would get really man Dewayne right now I
just you know like let it go a lot of
you guys have been awesome I went on
Twitter rant this morning and a lot of
guys we're offering so much support it's
like forget them you know what I mean so
I'm like literally just like letting it
go now mm-hmm and just walking people
cuz it was over I just have to stop I
was playing with snapchat filters you
guys can follow me Trisha on my team has
playing was nap chat filters was making
me really happy and I'd like this like
random bruise on that tip I'm so pale
and gothic and I would have a lot of
blush and makeup on because I don't
really get a thought today these guys
whom toe I don't give a fuck I don't
give a fuck
I don't give a buck I just you know oh
wait looking for a fucks to get oh I
can't find it but I have another thing
my pal hey y'all know I'm obsessed with
the producers for more reason than one
good know why but I have a whole new
reason to be obsessed because watch what
I was so excited we're watching them
information like we're not gonna find
you won't be able to find you and he
didn't know where he was and then look
okay smile
when using the producers I was like
Mulgrave sure like who are you and then
he's like right in front of me so happy
nobody loved it that thinks he's so
happy okay
selfie oh look there's my BAE there shun
van der welt
he's famous y'all have a boyfriend so
what do you think when you see yourself
what do you think when you see yourself
um I think it's crazy you look better
now though do you think you look better
now I think I just look different now
ever you look pretty few they're gross
this guy whatever
oh hi but the reason you couldn't be too
hot next to him or her because she's
like I'm the tall blonde bitch so you
had to be over here otherwise you would
have been right down this that way oh my
god mrs. happy I mean the whole day
anyway that I share with you right guys
I'm the ho tonight is my pimp daddy take
it yeah haha I just like how you look he
pick at the same time $10 for a blowjob
like so I wanna just like oh this more
often for you anyways why cuz
I work on that sweater
I'm nervous because we both have to sing
together to have our voices like mash
like playground we'd never staying at
the same time but we have the most
amazing engineer so doesn't matter yeah
we love him he's been on the bottoms you
guys know him um but we're in Sean's car
for everyone who doesn't think sean has
a car he has a really nice car you
didn't always drives mine because I love
my car and I was pick him up because
some way to things out there was cooler
bushi what is this called what kind of
cars that I forget it's a Ferrari Nissan
Ferrari what is that though we mix it
look it up 350z okay it's a nice cars a
little chubby red when I've hurt a
little chubby red car - it's a chubby
red one like a dog stick convertible so
we could get a tan because you all know
how much let's go - no I don't you look
we're both recovering tan alcoholics
because he's to be really tan - but now
we're both pale is fuck that's not good
for you anyways why don't he appreciate
it I'm showing them my outfit of the day
today and I was just saying like I kinda
feel like a hooker in this often I
should hide change it but II like you
like okay Wow remember this next time
Nikki Nikki keeps complimenting me which
makes me think I look like shit all the
other time what that means Shaunie
can you say I'm so fucking turned on by
the fact that using the producers like
this makes me so fucking hot I'm so
excited about it I can say is thank god
I've been in some movie yes I say
something to personal you go oh my god
he always do that trust me he's filthier
than me in real life so he's being so
shy and coy on camera but he's fucking
dirty one you are discussing
I was a bird oh you were I could tell um
no you can tell by the way you dance
people say this never why the way you
dance you can tell that you fuck a lot
people say that because you're very
because all dancers f alot
probably I feel like they're all hoes
every dancer I knew had like STDs up the
wazoo good you look today look amazing
mmm whoever in the red-light district
now run an Amsterdam pick me up we look
I wish in the picture I just threw some
shit on you know he changes that because
he wanted to Kourtney with me he's like
why don't you tell me you were an
all-black today is that like when we do
that like I don't know we were
coordinating our daily outfits together
Shh the nails are looking better be I
don't know get a manicure your nails are
looking better I bite my fingers don't
check the best thing about Sean is his
smooth hands oh I hate his fingernails
but the smooth hands are everything and
they're so big like Michael Jackson's
hands he had some big-ass hands you did
Michael Jackson shook my hand it was
literally twice the size of hand in my
hand he was like hi I'm Sean yeah hi you
know just want thank you know for being
in here being a part
oh my god if you guys want to see a full
video he has so many great Michael
Dokken stories if you guys want to see
that you guys should tell him and he'll
make whole video on it because his story
there through know there's so good I
think he says like Michael Jackson's a
nice person I love my nicest person
everybody actually was the nicest person
it's a shame everybody ripped his ass
apart like they did but
shit happens right I know but he says he
does say when artists are nice to me so
when he says I love more than anybody
who thinks so good I'm so proud of him
he's in movies
I don't care
