slush machine is now for the first time
to flush we make it look so crazy but
I'm gonna be interesting very vegan
you'll see this here as soon as students
like oh you should get much of a perfect
place girl you're gonna love it
so we still good so they wouldn't be in
youtuber they don't have bathrooms here
where Shanna got to especially you
because we like oh I'll let you use that
I was like uh okay
what that beauty luck oh my god alright
they're gonna get together we're like I
got really our own massive site
everything is here mica did something
new I'm like oh my god we have fun
that's not about you just thought about
it weekly assorted common
yeah it is sorry you're so pretty oh my
god she's got everything out there I see
I've literally like she's my girl crush
I'm like I'm seeing away females of
Shannon I think the song is about me
actually so present people want to know
what it took like single on communal
dredge she's like it's ready for
everything so I was like you and I need
to do music said I love my music video
chance one on the beach is giving the
word don't sit down I'll make you my
Asian bikini I think you need to
actually do music she is acting like a
good boy she such that they're like you
know because I do it for fun like
everything I am and I'm so excited to
see I haven't even video I've heard the
song obviously you guys for the song but
like it's so good I know we're here and
good you know really really good no it's
really good yeah that is yet
alright guys it's just the begin of
pizza and it's so pretty good I got
olives and green peppers and onions and
she got like eat all of it okay girl she
always never reads anything because
you're going to like okay yeah she said
the buzz getting at agent provocateurs I
say this agent provocateur you have like
36 E which is my size they fit perfect
and the matching problems you don't
think I want that clothesline I'm like a
little sticky mommy but you look
beautiful
everyone was so concerned they all
treated me about my mommy my mommy's
poor little nipple I'm telling she gotta
do a whole video on that my firm I'm
glad any oh yeah for real
it's a long straight but seriously you
guys know like help lawyers in
California a call along because it's
like the serious like crazy so anyways
we got this we got lots of fried yummy
food so that was in the area some tea my
mom evening for a little while you see
so sweet over there in our little corner
I eat it all eat it almost so anyways
yep we're just chillin pensive my mom in
a while some catching her up on my
marriage my mom's like Trisha I was like
she got it anyway my favorite fan
Starbucks one day she was like that
looks really good and I got it my makeup
stuff with this I got two of those and
then she waters and we're getting some
drinks
we are gonna go dance and I just huge
sees it but I try to cover it with
concealer and only way it works I was
like this big wall or anything so much
there weren't asked where they said left
on the idea I'm a Britney shirt and my
dirty dancing heading on today
the bank
all right guys we're at the dance studio
and I'm wearing my Britney bitch shirt
with some Nike shoes and white socks
which was so bad I have black socks but
I don't know where their app this is the
dance studio and my legs still hurt from
dancing for class last time last week we
danced for last and it's been like four
days really still hurt these up leggings
are we doing my likes no dresses hat
post Instagram bozos ah
Panda Express no this is my outfit of
the day of school wedding cuz we just
did Britney Britney Michael unjam it was
like sweating so much
give me Nike shoes factory right there
according to you so much pressure and
the other recordings to drive London
I love it this is like highness Judea
that he has with his partner it's really
really nice
you know he's recording I know from here
from miles apart because that is just
what a good girlfriend do you
I'm blocking a horse
hats life as was an ugly Sunny's
recording and I'm so proud of him he's
doing so good he sound like so good like
he's literally better than anyone Justin
Bieber Justin Timberlake you really are
really nice of you know you're so good
I'm so impressed I'm so impressed this
is like didn't I tell you the key to
good vocals is eating Panda Express oh
yeah because the oils they cook with
coats the vocal cords and it makes
everything come out like I sort of got
when I was in there three people came in
and thought that it was Whitney Houston
it's so strong right it's Andrea Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam kidding no it's literally
paint express whatever your oil is thank
you because now we sound like enjoy he
sounds like an angel I mean there's like
oh my god is that an angel speaking oh
my god people probably grown drugs no it
was so good I'm so proud of you you're
so good it's why I'm so happy you're
producing me you're like the r.kelly to
my Aaliyah we're gonna piss on each
other after
