making me feel bloated much cheese and
nachos and food must be at dico dico
dico my way shan-dro
Queens likely their brains are back
together again
everything we're doing I found them
yeah Maddy's gonna do it and then I was
like but I feel bad for you we both
hated each other so we're we located
ourselves rolling together yeah and
there's a lot from Ryan true what is he
was doing like nothing luck doesn't
worry do you know I'm talking about
music I'm worried are you what you are
yeah oh yeah oh yes we are yes
summer heat
I am
have to be friends from more Twitter
watch me watch me daddy look look out
you can go for you okay thank you so
much the b2 my STD ah by the way this is
gonna be tireless long STD I got enough
to be again a bad role in custody
reunion
I feel young enough to get people
explicit you know we don't trust our
brand again it like nothing sexual
no okay so why don't I just have one why
I'm like over here and you guys are just
like sitting in the back like I don't
even see you other thing you're so
comfortable and public like something
about this situation is making me feel a
little nervous hear us
it could look like such a smaller your
stars they always get to see this live
that must be so exciting YouTube why I
don't they don't like our friends
there's our biggest youtuber right there
that's it something else I was just
saying you have to look pressed into
thumbnail because I'm gonna be like why
we're not friends anymore so you guys go
over there I'm look mad at me though you
look mad but you obviously come forth
okay
obviously think initially you know
changers like your absent comfortable
like something in public he's like
something about this makes me
uncomfortable I could never do machines
machine ten yeah I wouldn't actually do
it like I did oh okay
bye song it's like getting a live show
we're on a live show for Google right
now you how live at Starbucks hey guys
it is 2 a.m. 2 a.m. and I'm not even
tired like what why am I not even tired
hey everyone was falling asleep I'm
whenever we had a hangout such as I'm
always the personally on the first of
all sleep and puts out and I like try
really hard and fight stay map but I'm
like wide awake I go where the next
party just kind of parties in my bed
only um no but I'm like wide awake and I
feel really good and it was like such a
good hang out and I like did only like
vlog I'm like sick I'm vlogging
sometimes I really do but like I hadn't
seen Joey and Daniel and Jane and Drew
like for that long and then I do only
reason I actually blogged well enough
only reason but like the main reason
they hung that like dinner and Starbucks
which like normally wouldn't do like
when I saw Shane like vehemence II don't
know I don't really vlog I get some like
ketchup and like so in time together
like all that stuff but like I had a
like make point a my camera because
literally every comment ever of any
complicated picture posting a post
picture of like you know a thumbnail
from a video we miss Schade Andrew and
like cuz I was like okay well have
something vlogs be like no we're still
friends so
and then we were gonna end up Duke we
were to do something and I was kind of
like it's not really late and we just
didn't like we were going to like go out
to war with them you know what happened
so we ended up just like watching
YouTube videos we ended the night with
watching scream queens like not though
with Emma Roberts and it was a show on
vh1 I was like a reality show where
people um there's my lungs where people
it was like a reality show where these
girls were like they have to audition to
be like scream queens like every like
episode was like a new challenge I'm
like being a hoarder like giving in a
horror movie and something it was like I
remember it like so wow like we're
talking about it like we remembered it
so well but like at the same time like
we kind of didn't remember it and it was
actually really cheesy and like silly
and like dumb and all hobo-like kind of
awesome so if we watched only the first
episode of season 2 so now I'm gonna go
home so I'm like wide awake see what's
up see who's up and if no one's out that
I'm going to UM like watch excuse me I'm
gonna watch like the whole the whole
second season so
anyways um I was a really fun hangout I
played my new songs for Sandra when we
were driving over to their house and oh
my god they like loved it meant so much
to me because they were so like genuine
and sincere where it like after I played
that she's like this is like the kind of
step to your sound like that's the sound
that is you that is like people are
gonna love and they're gonna and she
even drew is like the quality is just so
much better than your other songs like
it's just amazing like and you could
just tell us Terry and I made me feel so
happy because you know they goof around
we like pick on each other what happened
I mean like it's like you know sometimes
and things we do are stupid and funny
like we all just dog Ronnie like even
our own videos like you know we just
whatever if they're they're weird
they're weird but they were being so
nice and sincere I mean we feel so happy
because I really really love this new
music I'm working on I really really
love it and it is taking a lot longer
than my other songs and other times I go
on knock it on a day it would be done
like that I don't mean like a full from
mastering rhetoric writing everything
but like these I'm taking my time on
like I'm having a lot of fun doing like
the first song took like eight hours to
record and then like that's not
including the you know you know picking
up stakes and you know mastering and a
lot stuff but anyways I'm just I'm just
really excited and I'm glad that they
were excited and that they thought it
was actually really good because I
started doing music as like kind of like
a rebeccablack take on like Friday sort
of thing like eyes like oh I'm gonna
make a song so awful like it has to go
viral like that was always kind of my
initial and time making music is kind of
making like bad music and like hoping it
would go viral and I don't know the more
I have done it the more I'm kind of like
let me assure me we take this kind of
seriously might not seriously but like
now put some effort into my songs
because it just you know it is something
I really love to do and even like I said
even though I don't like the
I love like just I love to sing and
perform and you know do the videos for
and I just it's just something that's
like a good it's an amazing creative
outlet for me it's also like obviously a
good hobby for me I just I really like
to do it though and I'm I'm fortunate
enough to be in a position where you'll
you know enjoy it and I'm able to do it
and I want stuff like that and I you
know thank you guys for watching the
videos and also thank you guys for you
know by my sons and iTunes to like allow
me to keep doing it because I'm
obviously I'm an independent artist um
everyone always asked me that when I say
I do music what are you a label owner
you wouldn't depend artists and like I
guess I'm an artist I guess I'm home
this is not the right one but anyways
that was my night I'm sorry I didn't
like walk too much but everyone was like
we're shane and row and we are all still
friends you know muscle friends and it
we ought to steal it's just life I mean
sometimes you just like starting around
a bunch times and sometimes you don't
see each other for like a month or
whatever but at the end of the day we're
like it's still like we go back to the
same ol same ol like we're just we just
eat nachos and watch YouTube videos and
you know it's just it's actually yeah
it's actually just a lot it's almost not
better but it's actually kind of nice to
be able to catch up and like you know
because if you see something like every
day which is like fun I love seeing
people every day people I do see every
day but like it's kind of nice to just
like you know catch up I don't all like
no dude have more to say I know for me
like you know even with my dad my
brother my mom whatever like you know
you want to call him every day but
sometimes you just don't have any like
updates okay is happening um sometimes
you just don't have any updates and then
you're just kind of like well I don't
want to talk about so I feel like
vlogging except you know to worry about
to talk about these like stuff I just
don't want like kind of badly on this
point um but you know it's kind of nice
to just like catch up on everything and
you know it's interesting it's just you
know no I'm not I don't you know I'm
talking about what the supreme Queen
show is awesome I'm really happy I feel
like I was gonna talk to you guys about
something else like washed up on that in
the car alright guys one I'm going up
the hill
so I'm gonna focus
and I'd like wound up for some reason
like it's like so not like me um
tomorrow I'm hanging out with another
youtuber I'm used to and I am just
hanging out with friends all the time
now like Who am I
that's a good question ask yourself
every day we go fucking mind I'm Trish
alright guys I'm going to end this vlog
and hopefully it was suffice how I got
at this apartment I don't know I'll see
you soon hopefully yes I will optimism
