I'm vlogging our camera that we use
those are my boobs in the camera
this is typos Ricky the culture type
what we call you typo today
Ricky's camera that we used to filming
as Shaun look with less dancer blossom
aside is a know where you shop on you
still waited for last and Anne's oh my
god typo lay and then if you punish me
it's a little kid that says Sean khawaja
shit with them with an ego giving sexy
back number like you hate that shit a
little better yeah girl that was pretty
good to me look I just need a break
it'll don't stay that - I didn't see
that's a oh I think he's such a great
she doesn't like Justin Timberlake he's
a hater because they're so similar and
we just got done dancing - for last so
don't judge me on it because I feel like
we only we were rushed chicks like
commercial right now with this one oh
well in the non-drive three of
chick-fil-a um but yes I've done dancing
so check that out and I'll link it below
if you guys want to see that oh my god
and we're gonna die so I should help him
okay you guys I just got my new song
back the recorded those last night I
love it Sean produces with me it's so
good can I die
now all you guys get is Oh
mmm I'm so excited I'm working on so
much me new music right now I couldn't
even be happier oh you sure my car I'm
like really low okay I could not be
happier about this new music I'm so
excited like just all new people I'm
just so excited all new riders all new
production all new music all new like
and there's multiple people working on
each song now so it's like before I did
this like once I shop was just fine I
love my own music it's fine you know
things happened and you know you know
certain things happened and I can't even
go and do it whatever is I'm gonna be
guilt doesn't matter what matters is is
how I found this new team and I'm so and
as much as on this oh and I have I have
something for I know it's like oh man
Shan Shan Jahan my long as I can no you
guys don't even know like literally all
of this is because of Sean like my new
original songs are freaking so so good
like so good right listen back in like a
holy cow because there's so many
different people working on this song
and it's they're all amazing the guy we
recorded with in Blackwood studios just
shades like he records like like the
route Omar big people like I just so
many people and it's just it's it's
crazy Jack Johnson and like just I just
I can't really excited and I'm very very
very very fortunate and again it's
because of Sean and that everyone is
very sweet to share their resources and
you know he's built these connections
for a long time and like you know and he
was in there with me for seven hours - a
work in this song just you know
producing me trying to get as best as it
could sound and I was just I don't know
I don't even know like I don't even know
I could do you know because like I said
my songs in the past are great they're
fine they're up they were a good
starting point for me they were you know
and I was so proud of every song that I
did I really was but now just when you
step it up a level
it's it's really it's really amazing
it's really amazing I just saw like a
day and I'm just I'm so just a fortunate
and lucky and blessed and I am free I've
you know just eyes like I said I would
just see everything that so Sean has
come into my life that has changed for
the better and happier aside from
dancing and being around him because I
love him
there's just so much more that he does
for me that I feel like I have to I like
almost cry J I just like thanking him
for everything because just it's you
know so anyways I'm so excited I have a
new album coming out it probably will be
about maybe about three weeks a month
because there's also some other changes
happening in my life right now that I
have to take care of as well this
upcoming month so the actual album have
yet mid-march and then music videos will
probably come out April May June I'm
going to try to have you know a lot of
music videos so I am working my solo
music of course in trance producing me
but we are working on some more songs
together which I'm super excited I've
never had someone that I just want you
to be around constantly constantly and
for anyone's like having guys this isn't
real like I see that in everything this
isn't real like what isn't real oh oh
but what is it real that we love being
around each other and we're happy to
read each other like a hot way and I
mean the craziest thing I think I
mentioned this before the craziest thing
is being hooked up by our managers which
I didn't have one run better Sean he
definitely doesn't have one like messing
in that a bad way but he doesn't have
one like like what but it's so weird we
honestly it just have a good action and
I don't even like wasting my breath on
Tiffany cuz I shouldn't have to defend
it cuz I can I don't really actually
care the nail it gets annoying when I'm
by myself but when like really care does
I'm so fucking happy right now like and
I'm so tired of people trying to piss on
other people's happiness I'm just so
tired of that it's like you can see I'm
clearly happy why why be a fucking
literally a fucktard and be like oh he's
using you this is the fake relationship
like I'm so fucking happy like stop
fucking reading on people's brain That's
not me say about that like I feel like
that's just a thing and like but a lot
of guys are so supportive in Sweden I
guess almost just happy she looks like
she's happy she's glowing whatever happy
is like Shelley Robbie and I love and I
love you guys back because I do love
sharing real life and such and such a
big for in my life I just feel like
that's why I love sharing my life with
you guys and for those of you can be
supportive if I'm happy you're happy I
love that because that's what I watch
YouTube vloggers to and when they're
when you they're happy you can tell
they're happy and I love that I'm just
like whatever you know people's life
choices I don't always agree with but if
someone's happy you know some be that's
just let them be alright
I'm blabbing hi guys we are celebrating
I'm with my husband Shani BAM and our
best friend birthday boy angel and my
gorgeous Mizzou's this we're all
matching in our black and white black
and white we look like little timbering
characters all of us and we look so here
we're going to go see dirty dancing
tonight look at us look at you everyone
get in there
can we have a toast yes we're water
poured water didn't touch my water take
up sober toys to angels birthday angels
reservation see here see my husband and
to me I'm so proud of the newlyweds I
can't wait to they go on there honey Oh
Oh Hawaii that's we're going neck doin
other's ears what you did for me yeah
good hold on me follow me going Madonna
you look so good
Missy oh my house is shiny I'm upside
looks up now angel Junior's catch at
this is angel snaps I just do what you
do on your snapback go
that's all snapchat yeah I don't never
know angels like this he just my God
look how good look how good good
lighting Cheers
and happy birthday angel finally you can
drink I got all where's your phone
Johnny oh yeah oh my god it looks so
good I love them this is how Ursula
feels when she cooks for dinner oh my
god look at the most
I wanted this Danish on but I love it
you know but all the same I got a little
poor unfortunate souls dislike hoping
these are prepared little here and get
the picture that's always the picture
first or you can eat your angel smiled
is your shirt as well
smiling them or no or just give me eyes
whatever you want to do a little
beautiful look how big these shrimps are
the biggest want to ask the question are
you familiar with a deer sauces um
between now now okay there's one that
looks like lucky like the garlic and
chunky wonderful for me horseradish be
careful yeah bye Mary yeah yeah oh yeah
yeah basically I like anyone I
Oh easy and there my topic when I got an
opportunity to make my husband's
marching into what I'm doing
man one more cheer you guys get my
surgery this is our third Cheers
yeah same cheers are different I'm sure
when I don't you come so early
we're getting ready mixed cheers to all
of your guys hey yes here we get to
later drink for the day yeah we're just
getting our gonna make it to the show we
don't know well find out this is our
food you guys I got Flay had a mama
potatoes when I was and then the other
one I'm Alec on son we're just Molly
where to go down there baby I don't know
anything
I love these nights we do these dress
something I just kind of my favorite
black and white your black and white
your dad make sure we look good we're
always where you stand
I don't shit II day earlier but I'm
actually Vinay you're with me give me
your hands sexy I love you Joe there's
everybody hey I'm with these sexy guys
over here - I have three dates tonight
boyfriend one boyfriend - you husband
Mike experiment haha we love to have fun
oh so masculine the show was so amazing
but was even more amazing was spending
the night with my favorite favorite
people I'm going to link them all below
their instagrams and youtubes because
they're just wonderful people so be sure
to check them out Shaun angel and haze
news
