hey everyone oh I look crazy and feel a
little bit crazy all right focus
oh girl had a rough night last night
drank a little too much if you know what
I mean Oh
not hungover and not junk it's literally
like noon I when I ate drink vodka I
think I'm allergic
configurated who Hashanah had an
audition is morning so I'm gonna go pick
him up so he can go dance from the
audition
hired y'all it's like I should walk I
just want to turn on my camera to look
and the words are not coming I look
driving so busted whoa trash okay I love
a hot mess um so there's that I'm gonna
go get mcdonalds I'm so hungry as I'm
showing you hungry he's not he did not
drink I did I really need a McMuffin in
my life like I really really need one oh
my god shout out to Holly an array I've
never done say her name I've literally
known her for literally ever I've known
her since like I want to actually has a
ton on YouTube we started talking maybe
she's amazing we were texting last night
before I went out before we went out and
goof my tummy and she was you know she's
lost a lot of weight she lost like 30
pounds or 20 function that that excuse
me
and she's like she was open but she text
me a picture of morning at camps he has
a girl like I have a hacker did you lose
they went away and you still I can't she
said I eat I still pretty much eat what
I want I just you know work out more I
was like oh my god I gave me inspiration
I need to just I mean dancing is great
but maybe I just go to the gym or I mean
I do eat a lot I should cut back a
little bit but to give me motivation
inspiration I told her as a girl you
need to say this in a video she was like
inspiring me last night I felt like I
was listening to her in a YouTube video
or something um she looks really good
she seems really happy and like it was
it was so great here for it you know
sometimes you from friends from you know
when you're when you meet someone so
many years ago and then they like grant
only text you kind of mix your day I was
like she had says I'm about my camp see
eating shower and she's I guess I'm
creating it now because of you and I was
like girl huh you've been just one of
those things you know I think everyone's
busy I thought she you know but text is
always good I have on these losses it's
doing no favors to me but anyways I'm
gonna go to McDonald's and see what they
got
I mean I know what they have
something I should say ah my TomTom I
took tums this morning
I think it helped me baby we're going to
recorded it man I should stop recording
cuz I need to see my battery we're going
to the recording studio today I'm where
am I really gonna turn into a wall right
now I'm just really tired so for
anyone's like oh she's still drunk I'm
just very very tired very tired I was
just
we have waking up a bunch so it's really
really tired
but you know it's a good night when up
hey what what hey thanks oh I fucking
love young kids sometimes sometimes
they're punks
those kids are cute they're like this
thank you for choosing MacDonald sounds
it yes I just get a plain egg McMuffin
with just the egg and the McMuffin and
nothing else no no cheese no meat okay
then can I make that a meal with orange
juice okay that's it thank you scrambled
egg and chorizo breakfast bowl looks
amazing I love it or not
one time I saw Ashley Tisdale Vanessa
Hudgens go through this drive-through my
first moved on to LA back in like 2006
to not so no you're not seeing me on
and I was at this very McDonald's
drive-through
the others so much happening here
in this realm
and I show this what I did first kind of
sort of thing which was
literally guys every time through
McDonald's all I have 100 like I never
have hundreds but every time I need
singles are little bills all this food
right now
hungry I don't wanna eat it but I kind
of want to eat Shawn's I don't want
anything but I feel like I should share
with him because I love sharing my food
with people guys we got McDonald's
accomplished today
look there's no one around these sensors
just go off their crazy supercar place
I'm not kidding
Vince I got my car done like these
sensors just going let's go pick up my
baby show me hey guys so we just
finished dancing to one of my songs oh
not my hair and now I am waiting for
Sean he got this callback since
Argentine earlier and so I'm just
waiting for him because we're gonna eat
and then go into the recording studio
oh um so yeah but anyways across the
street is where I first met Sean that
was our first dance rehearsal for
Christmas sucks and Merry Christmas
yeah and that's where we first met and I
got really nostalgic nostalgic about XR
is it two months our two-month
anniversary is tomorrow so I'm really
excited about that but I love my ring at
home when he's wearing it I feel so bad
and it's bogus
your hands sorry babe um got a itchy
butt
um anyways so now I'm just chilling in
the rain I'm chilling in the rain just
jamming in the rain and I need to watch
Oh trees this shouldn't hear a song I'm
just Blanc I'm waiting for him well see
how it goes and he comes in heavily
really high hopes for him oh the SL
we'll see how it all goes okay so I was
just reading some comments on I'm
waiting here I'm like Instagram I posted
a dance picture of me and Shawn and
every comment is just like you know why
are you're not friends with scheana and
journey more and it's like I'm not even
saying this to be like mean or anything
like that but like it means it's like I
don't blog everything I get literally
sauce shaking a week ago I went to his
house it was just me and him and we just
postmates it and talked for like
literally like seven hours but you know
I just I didn't vlog it because like
sometimes you just I don't know
sometimes I think especially cuz I
haven't seen in a while like you just
you just want to catch up and stuff and
like I'm friends with all them when I'm
sad on Twitter Drew's always the first
person to text me and so it's just you
know they've all been very busy like
Shane's on a new book coming out and
Drew's always busy doing something and
you know Joey and Daniel of course they
you know they got it's hard at all
Courtney all meeting together and all
this stuff like that um and at the same
token you know we all have our own lives
too you know what I mean like we all I
think sometimes we're just all together
at one point because like you know what
I was hanging out with or whatever but I
also think that like you know it's it's
good to hang out with like a variety of
people and like Shane and drew who wore
my on are my best friends for everything
for life because you know they were
there for me during like this a really
really dark time and so now because I'm
happier don't I don't just like ditch
them at all you know they all keep in
touch and I don't know I feel I kind of
weird like even talking about it because
it's like and
take a weird you know literally just
drop something it's just like a weird
I'm like at a low angle I can't even
balance my robe it was like a wave thing
to talk about because like I don't know
it kind of hurts my feelings a little
bit that people would think that I would
be that kind of person to just you know
not talk to my friends you know what I
mean pushing into our lifelong like
they're literally brothers to me and
even my own brother I don't talk to you
know every week but you know we know
there's love there and that 100% when
I'm sad on snapchat Shane will be the
very very first person she texted me we
texted before we had dinner that night
which we were texting for like hours the
night before I'd is trying to figure
everything out and talk through things
and he's just a really great guy that
way and so awkward my mom sunglasses
just fell off so anyways I'm still
waiting it's not Justin to say here ever
I'm soul okay wait this is like not what
what about anyways I just wanted to
address that cuz I was getting and I was
wanted to comment it's just like I don't
mean a brand up down or down on this
vlog because right but I just really
loved them and I just get really I don't
know it is really kind of insulting I
guess to think people would think I
would just drop them you know I mean
like I would never and I love hanging
out with them and like any chance I get
I drop everything to you know with them
you know but anyways I'm still waiting
war Hampton I told them you were just in
Paris I thought yes I was all just new
fur acts and they had me there this
morning
asked me to come back you know yeah and
so I went in and at first I just had to
act like I was taking a shower
so take a shower and the whole time this
girl is doing a voiceover and I'm like
asking the questions I'm like talking in
my head but the voiceovers is me I'm
talking in my head then I'm like but is
that what even and she's like but is
that what he really meant and I'm like
another question and then I was like but
was he really paying playing a tuba like
then I kept going and I kept going watch
him watch him on it and then they were
like good job you but after that then I
had to take my clothes you did really
wet wet wet wet I had a pose like this I
had a look in the camera like I was
hitting on somebody the hottest girls in
the camera so I was like all right
Trish's in the camera I was like let's
see it quick and I was like this
oh you couldn't talk could only just
look that's how he got me I was like
panties off that's all he did I was
doing that and the whole time I had a
blow dryer in this hands and they were
closed up on this and then I turned the
blow dryer and I was just like no man he
said that when he came in I think did
you think no I don't know they really
liked it
they said Shawn really good job you
really liked it we want you to be the
president of United States oh wow okay
I'll do it
underwear okay with my huntys mint huh
bheem what up hideous eating that rise
out of him
burning over in the studio so we gotta
get our recording new music
Shawn is producing me and so is Jaime we
are recording now I feel very cool
because this new music is gonna blow
your guys's like I'm so excited we're
we're getting so many new songs so many
new songs which means new music videos
end so excited about it
so there's Johnny and Jaime yeah my boys
they're so good you guys are gonna flip
you're gonna die when you hear this I'm
so excited
series we're here I have the urban
empire shirt on I felt from song cuz I
said warm and how we're gonna record
somewhere and there's my gum on my wire
okay okay right now my pants are off
needed leading again we're a
