oh my god I feel it in the air I've
never listened wanna del Rey but she's
on my iTunes for some reason good
morning guys it's Friday we are gonna go
dance she's got a really big thing
happening she and I'm very very happy
for even excited and I think he's gonna
get it
and I cannot wait obviously can't talk
about it like it's not even like a
youtuber thing where youtubers just
can't talk mucked up it's literally just
like like a TV thing like any time even
when I was like on America's Got Talent
like everything they're like you can't
don't say anything until like the day of
the show like they're really like crazy
even Ellen like all those things like
though you can't say anything until like
you're actually like the show air is
it's so weird but I guess I kind of get
it like they don't want outcomes to be
spoiled and which they always end up do
anyways but we are doing the Britney
Spears I'm stuck just do that one here
okay what we're doing the Britney Spears
Pepsi dance today I'm so excited so yeah
I just I don't know I was watching like
Super Bowl commercials and to me Britney
Spears is Pepsi commercial from like way
back in the day was just so iconic to me
and I'm just like let's recreate that I
feel like it's a I feel like it's a
pretty fairly simple Dion's I'm not
really sure but it looks simple but then
again I guess good dancers make dancers
look simple so I'm gonna go pick up
Shani
and then pack because we're leaving for
yes Jesse on tsugumi's it's where I must
have said on a video like I feel like I
don't I think you shouldn't like always
say like where I'm going it's like kind
of weird but like I guess not really who
cares but um yeah we're pretty Vegas but
I feel like this won't even be able for
everybody so dramatic we were in Vegas
for Valentine's Day weekend I'm so
excited I love you guys like I am a
Vegas in in a sense that um one years in
the sense I don't like partying clubs I
was like go home like I'm getting too
old for Vegas and I was just like okay I
do Vegas is like no 75 year old does big
eyes like I go out to eat I like to see
shows have a couple drinks and then like
a crash and I do got the next day I'm
like shop and like just enjoy like the
hotel room and like you know eat more
food like I don't know that's just the
way I do Vegas and I mean I don't I
don't want
I was I was fun I don't know I guess
people sometimes people like an Italian
going to Vegas they're just like oh you
go to the pool parties do you what clubs
you go Jeff's like none I've never been
to a pool party there I've never
they've stopped
anyways um anyways so Vegas got my
imports my rose quartz crystal ring on
I'm gonna make this light to say I never
make I'm gonna make it blue all right so
that is what the plan is today is dance
and impact so it's gonna be like not
that exciting but exciting I think my
life is exciting even when I judge
anything exciting cuz I'm exhausted from
Dancing and then I have to go get might
meet with a guy who's designing my
dresses for Vegas he's loud
literally I'm done last minute once
again he's amazing so okay there that
was like strangling me anyways I will
talk to you guys I also got shoes the
new purse I guys finally switched purses
and this is my sealer on sack - jour I
just got it for a spring and summer I
love it it's like such a smaller bag
from you don't like you're huge just
like non like form bags but I kind of
love it because it's like less things to
carry I'm simplifying my life
we are learning the Britney Spears
popsie dance there's dance we're wearing
our matching shoes are matching there's
a piece of notice my heart won't skip I
got water I was recording so that was a
song do you want some iced water this is
the first block you've been in where you
had a video up on YouTube and how do you
feel about your first youtube video
being up um at first before I saw what
people said I watched it a few times and
I was like oh shit I should take this
down this isn't gonna be good
but then once I saw the comments and
what everybody was saying I was like oh
my god people people actually like my
personality I think it was so sweet he
was so nervous right before he was just
like I'm just really really nervous I'm
really scared like but everyone was so
sweet no one's even that sweet to me and
everyone like loved you basically to my
pussy oh look at that
do you want someone else you don't look
tough with your sparkly cuff C which I
love by the way be nice to my brain I'm
kidding oh honey some of them you look
like bamm-bamm from that's a compliment
bamm-bamm that's Raviv you should do
double bam bam bam I don't plan on look
at these look at these shoes that Trish
insists that we wear bullshit I'm the
one oh yeah you're the one I wanted to
wear them we're dancing y'all there's us
we were taking pictures in the mirror
and eating cookies he he does not eat
healthy for all those we're like let's
see what you eat you Shawn he's pretty
healthy mostly bullshit let's see your
stomach huh but this is my classic Shawn
but can every time I take a vlog I gosh
I hear a little booty
he's got he just looked it up a little
he's got a little butt for hourly a
pretty good but for like how skinny
look at that ad it goes all the way down
here to Nene hey y'all you can get
customized shirts at the Etsy shop the L
lines I'll link that below with my code
for 10% off and subscribe to Shani his
YouTube channel will be below as well
