all right guys back to get my hair
extensions put in I look crazy because I
like shower this morning and not a lot
of my hair wet at the montage my nails
can boast pop back again okay guys my
extensions are back in these are the
tape ends I love them so much I love my
color so much thanks so much - so here
at klo years my name is Zoe she does
amazing amazing color look at that color
little change much from Target take top
target playable target and now I'm gonna
go get my nails did my eyebrows must be
a totally new on those rifles
alright guys I'm leaving Justin Bieber
sounds ha ha I bet he lives here I love
that I've seen him twice now amazing um
just got my hair did and I'm actually
not rushing for once she's real salon so
that's awesome I would love and I assume
from Starbucks but I'm gonna Starbucks
from here to there and I honestly don't
feel like going on my way to get one um
but yeah my hair looks amazing does it
not I have I do say so myself I think it
looks absolutely amazing I'm so happy
with it um I love the way she has gotten
my top layer to grow like no other and
it's hard to do when you bleed your hair
so
which way do I go
yeah um so yeah pedicure and and he'll
son of a nice relaxing I'm gonna get
some Balinese emails and broke this
one's chipping so I think have to go
home is that we shouldn't take a long
time getting new extensions put in takes
a long time everything just takes a long
time plus I got some good news about a
situation that's coming up and I can't
wait to share with you guys it's all
good news but like you guys just will
you'll know very soon because it's not
anything like something like oh my god
I'm like yeah I'm so promise though it's
not like that the good news for me and
there's just like a been a big thing
that I haven't talked about you guys
about um really cuz it's been all bad
stuff so I try not to you know talk
about negativity and bring out
negativity and people but or also just
bring it into my life I don't need to
bring out that negativity so sorry about
that I had a super important I'll take
um anyways I think everything is good
but it's still not like a hundred
hundred percent confirmed but it's like
pretty much like a nine for an episode
confirmed so everything is good and I
didn't mean to like leaders hang on that
note and it's all good it's all good
because even when it wasn't all good
I've gone through some crazy shit not
with anyone in particular it's just more
of an issue thing that I was dealing
with um even when things weren't all
good they were still all good when I was
alive I was breathing I had a place to
live food eat you know I mean like it
was still it was all good is this person
cooking
which means everything's all go that's
oh my god I'll keep saying that
everything all good
oh no I think I just parked there really
wanted your sponsor or ma'am
Oh ma'am I was gonna say something
Oh Jay Simpson that's a longer topic I
don't think we need to get into that
right now because there's one person on
our button um who watches the People vs
OJ Simpson this docu-series mini-series
on FX is so from good and no one I know
watches it but it's really popular cuz I
tried it on Twitter and I know about it
I don't know about anything so it has to
be really popular who watches it I was
actually too young to remember though
Jeff I met this with um Zoe my hair girl
we like she was like she said she
remembered it I don't I think was like
fibers anyone happens I don't remember
like any of this and it's like insane
like it's crazy that this like actually
happened and like not that long ago and
I'm like the Kardashians were somehow
like involved with it it's very bizarre
inflaming but no she's in the green
mercury
don't the gotta come
I'm really lucky in but it's like a
weird
you know what I think is I'm a weird one
because it's like green
leniency with those fucking stitches all
about
it's a green situation happening here I
don't really understand what that mean
but I'm gonna park here and then takes
me Lillian you're shaken bar cam
pictures okay but anyways I just think
this is like so Oh
oh my that felt good to park my knee oh
I just find this hole it's just very
issue crown to me it's very interesting
but it's also very scary because it was
really a paranoid person like actually
craziness um this also negative thing
how about we shouldn't talk about bad
things but it's interesting it's
interesting um another thing to talk
about what Bailey think of that Theo
Jason cystic Publio jr. is really good
in it
John Holt is like internet after okay
let's see me deprivation come out but
these are my nails now I really did love
these nails and actually probably
would've worn these through Valentine's
Day but you know I had this set of nails
I hadn't got a new like take off set and
they put back on in like nine months
like a long time nice to get new stats
like every two months but this lady I go
to now was like you don't even do it
that often and it's bad for your nails
for that often anyway so I haven't been
but I got you precious shape this month
new purse but I dig a new purse issue
that I'm going to be tiring this one for
a little while because I don't want this
so much so not that you guys wanted to
know that I was like I'm wrong okay I'm
getting else ends up loving sorry guys
so talk to y'all should've dinner twins
Ito's oh yeah I'm doing her to the show
my toes are that yeah this is the color
that Deanna ones and I'm doing it focus
there's
look it looks like a little birthday
cake a little Valentine's Day nails what
oh I was like you gotta oh my god I
guess these are all male maintain
yellows and they're beautiful and
they're simple and I love them so much
and they're teenagers on this game is
literally my comeback here so yeah nope
I repeat alone I got it right oh my god
you why is how freaking cute is that
display oh my god could you imagine as
someone said that I hurt you balloons or
dying is so cute
love it oh my gosh literally the people
are so fucking rude
Lou the meanest thing just happened I
was I was snapchatting like mmm jokingly
I want these free people and do some
have my so self-conscious my panel
because people are fucking assholes I
mean I mean I love my car but I really
stopped chatting and I just like oh my
god oh my pink g-wagen like so tacky who
dry that I was like oh wait me that's
why some rings accent that's like what
happened like a minute oh six minutes
ago and these girls
I fuckin don't know what they were I get
through like purse or something no has
depression people Persian Persian girls
hate me I don't know what it is pretty
girls hate me I don't know what it is um
suppose I go to get one else I was a lot
of Persian girls some straws and they're
fucking bitches to me like they're
really really mean actually and I don't
like talk about mean girl things because
like I just don't you want without their
like if I can hate mean people like
what's pointing me to people I think
what is the point of being mean to
people I very rarely get hate in real
life I mean in that nail place I get
like hating on like people like talk
about shit about me and I can hear them
but literally these two Persian girls
were just like they're like that's so
tacky like oh my god you spent money on
that like you couldn't pay me enough to
drive something down like I was just
like and you know I kind of laugh at
first because I just want it to be a
word is what the interaction to be over
I just want to get my car and then
they're fucking go back to their
sorry-ass lives but as soon as I got my
car they were like taking pictures and
like laughing and I'm like why are you
being such a fucking bitch like you know
because it was mostly just one talking
in the other girl was just like kind of
like laughing or whatever and like
encouraging your number
and this is why I'm not the one driving
the ugly car and then I'm like I'm not
the one with the big fat cut I can see
through your fucking leggings I got so
fucking mad I snapped really using me at
people and um the girl just literally
was like she first think you want to
fight and then she's like left and
that's like you know what by like I was
I was kind of over - I'm not fighting
you first of all second of all it's like
I'm like over this is like not people
are just so fucking mean like I don't
understand I don't understand like I
don't understand the point of that
this is focusing on not my face I feel
this pie better I take it my eyebrows
waxed I don't what you know I love this
camera there goes but this is not focus
please so fucking me I'm so over it this
is been a long day anyways and I'm
really really hungry so I'm just gonna
get some food and go home
see I don't see Shawn things don't go
well but I do have really pretty malice
all things down you can always see cuz
it's like the red light that's like pale
pink it's really pretty and waxed and
waxed what a difference eyebrows migrate
to your face
I plan on the blog here eyes only I
think more sightings going to happen so
thanks for coming along on my journey
and don't ever on my blog thanks for
coming along on my my day
sorry going out a bad no okay if your
day ended on a bad note shoeless and
it's not a positive note with a little
prayer dear Jesus thank you so much for
my pink g-wagen to allow me to get place
to place in a safe manner and also make
me happy because I love the way my pink
car looks thank you for watching us all
with another day here on earth with our
families with my mom with my dad with my
brother and my sister my brother's wife
with Shawnee um with all my subscribers
that we are good to share another day
together it's very cool guys get to be
another day together and um just watch
over everyone that I love and please
keep us all safe and um in your
keep us safe in your protection and um
thank you for showing at me light in
darkness for you are always the light in
my darkness and for anyone else who is
currently in a dark place please show
them the light as well for you are the
way the truth and the light and even our
guys I love you guys and I will see you
guys in my next vlog gods will
