so I say thank you for the music the
songs I'm singing thank you for enjoy
better and bring in I'm still obsessed
with Mamma Mia okay guys I am getting my
hair done today so my hair looks a
little crazy but we're gonna go dance
first actually before all that I'm
following Shawn to drop off his car for
service because I'm a good friend to
this is not a one-sided friendship where
he just does everything for me I am good
fun too and I'm going to get stared out
by this creepy person next to me but
anyways mmm yeah run top of his car
you're gorgeous Dan so we're gonna do
it's contemporary or lyrical I don't
really know the difference between
modern contemporary lyrical I don't
really know I'm not a dancer everyone is
like protects me so much like this
professional dancer like I get I put out
videos so like I get like you know
comments or whatever like obviously but
like you are like so so like they act
like I'm like legit in a competition
like oh well she has tickled foot when I
should've been pointed I'm like I don't
even know what a sickle foot is um but
whatever I don't even know uh yeah I
have some pretty dresses I'm wearing
again today which is why I have these
got dirty way fast Oh
so frozen I'm using my new white team
top well he's got dirty really fast so
she kind of making my eyes water on the
inside on the inside of crying um hmm so
yeah it is so warm here in LA like it's
crazy because it was like freezing like
literally like three days ago and now
it's so warm I have like a light sweater
on this actually from my target hall
I feel like you guys are always like you
never wear the clothes you haul well I
am now I do I just normally like the
clothes I haul like it specially from
Target or like more cache clothes
I mean Iike something I'm walking more
now my daily life but I don't know
somebody usually out left I don't know I
guess before I used to only blog when I
was like dressed up and then I was just
like I feel like extra blog whenever so
there's that but yeah I was taking
selfies earlier because there was really
good lighting and I felt like a big ol
weirdo cause really clunky at meeting
selfies but like I don't think it's not
we were to take selfies Cheyenne
so I say thank you for the music the Sun
moves up a little more
I love dinky zombies okay um but yeah so
it's a fun date day I'm so excited I
have no I'm like before nails that's not
exciting but I was like really excited
for today because it's like fun things
well it's like Aaron things that like I
need to get done like my hair and stuff
but like Sean's with me so it makes it
so much funner and just like I don't
know like boring mundane things is like
fun with him so that's why I'm really
excited well um let's see what else is
new tomorrow I have so much rice so
basically I'm getting my hair taken out
today like the tracks and she has a
sense of the Cape and she just took like
the tape off and like whatever so
overnight so I have to like Sebastian we
having short hair afterwards which it
Sean hasn't seen you about my extensions
so I'm like I mean I don't know I guess
I don't look that different but I kind
of feel I don't know like my extensions
are like my security blanket just gonna
be where should not have extensions in
but or like I haven't seen without my
central thing that's so weird but what
you're going to do but then I'm gonna
put back in tomorrow I have Omega 3
really important phone calls in the
morning tomorrow I'm so excited I love I
love important phone calls because I
don't know I get really excited about
possibilities that come out of them and
um
what else Oh get my tracks put back in
get my Valentines Day meals tomorrow so
I have like a really fun tomorrow no
Shawn Ying he has to work he dances a
lot of us we does he's like a dancer and
he does like random like gigs and stuff
here and there and he works on his own
music and stuff too so he's just he's
he's probably a break from me but also I
have like a lot to do too so
plus I need to get my eyebrows waxed cuz
oh my gum I had this new eye cream that
was working really well and I brought
put on this morning so now I'm looking
kind of
worse for the wear but anyways yawning
of my mustache wants to I love high I
don't care if he sees you with my hairy
lip but like I care if it's easy without
my hair extensions like but um so nice
so that's the agenda and you guys with
us because I feel like reproductive day
and I have my new Giuseppe's and no
decent seekers on I'm obsessed with that
store now yeah I'm like late on that
bandwagon I was like you never heard of
them before I might know but I love them
so much and I think we're gonna go get
matching sneakers before Vegas GOP hands
counting all the time um oh this is this
car place I have seen this before
mmm
look at that detail I love these like
wings it's kind of like their heels they
have I love it so much and I was gonna
be like oh my god you cannot hear your
calves to actually make you forgive
cankles whatever I like I'm I think
they're so cute you can see like
comparison to my pink car they're not
super pink it like it's like dusty rose
I don't know how to start they're so
comfortable they're like little sneaker
matches Center so cute I'm not gonna say
you have to say it I used to hate it but
now people like it so I'm like whatever
to say it yeah
look how cute he looks in color today
look up look at these lately so good no
you look so good the first thing I said
to him can never seen one bright color
that's like whoa you look like really
good like I told me use my more shirts
like that like that is the best I've
ever looked so I said basically I look
like shit yeah yeah well no but kind of
well like on your side shit your scale
of shit like you're hot shit but now
you're just like hot hot you know see
what quashes ha ha yeah I mean women
crush Wednesday - I'm so excited I was
like so happy you posted that and we got
fries at McDonald's even though we're
gonna go dance oh I don't want to get
like something like a lot kind of want a
chicken nuggets - but I was like no more
dancing so I should not have it and you
got what you get an iced caramel coffee
aw sweet is half rose from crushed so
yes let's go
and then we got small french fries to
share oh they're not ha they're not
fresh I don't like it when it's not
fresh fries here have one eat it oh so
this is my contemporary outfit today we
are doing hallelujah by Jeff Buckley I
feel like a nine year old had danced
your SIA
yeah this is our studio today it's
pretty big and I love it so much and our
dance is really pretty and I feel really
pretty oh so pretty I said do ballerina
Hilary nice to do ballet when I was a
little girl but I don't remember
anything
maybe I can turn oh you did not see any
of that cuz you were training for
three-button today should a pion not
happy in those salty french fries
MacDonald but you know what I did and I
just gonna dance extra hard to get that
sodium every system
sometimes I know things are bad for me
but I drew them anyways just like the
guys my life
for guys I'm in my past in my past
because I would date guys that know
about me but I would do a many ways and
all right guys finishing up dance we
have Sean back there we have Ricky back
there they're doing they're discussing
my finger Thanks
it's murky what's your you - Taylor -
nasty oh yeah my whole life yeah it's
much ever like one okay I'm gonna link
it below he does amazing videos guys go
check out his youtube channel he did
this really cool joker one he wants me
to play Harley Quinn we're gonna do it
we're gonna make it happen so check him
out I'll link them below he does all our
dancing videos so thanks Ricky for the
dancing video yeah his name is Ricky
Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Rick Dees and
then we have scrawny Shaunie what means
miss cookie bitchy tricky that's meet
bitchy trashy and we are getting out the
dance practice and now we're gonna go
get our heard and we're you two under
key you have another job now yeah way to
teach ourselves oh he does a lot of
youtuber it's not just me he's fancy but
you already know we are knocking inner
man who this up in the nuni
we're messing you want to see them dance
like yes
they're amazing they're amazing we love
them look at these shoes Hey
these shoes are you happy BAM very now
that we're matching we have an amazing
thank you Andrew Reza's episode odium
Beverly yes yes thank you what's your
name Jasmine and thank you to the other
guy that was here the really hot guy
what happened to him he was kitchen you
should go too yeah look at those dope
shoes look at our dope shoes here's a
doper
Shawn is getting us drinks at the bar
it is bata shoes Episode II and took me
out to a little boy thanks man
acid all things can thank you so much
like I said is cheese
we always have to go
thanks to that what you get did you get
Jack and jr. hmm
wisely sorry God
we're waiting in the submarine were
knowing that yes calamari to start
eating as we were both starving think
Xiaomi welcome formally that we don't
make sure they're gonna shit on our feet
no I don't care whatever they're
shooting boom bam bam boom BAM
