so I'm all clamped for tonight and today
was a really busy day and I forgot my
Balkan camera but we are very busy my
mom and I went and did a bunch of
errands say we're very productive big
things happening as always there's
always big things happening but good as
we'll know soon enough about the big
things that we did today but we just got
McDonald's and we did a lot of errands
around town so now I am all glammed up
I'm sitting down as I have like this
midriff thing on and it like does not
look good when I'm like sitting down
when I say it up but Kyle is bomb.com so
I'll show you when I'm standing up um I
have a furred so when I eat and I are
him like wrap that fur around me because
sitting down ain't my friend but I'm
just charging up my little station here
like charging up my camera one camera
two I have my cell phone gets to space a
stretcher calm I have my YSL cobalt blue
bag that I got in New York and I have
not won this and forever oh my god I
just zoomed in really close what I got
my oh boy fell cobalt blue bag that I
got in New York that was scary close
camera angles not my friend but yeah and
I was it's like huge day so my makeups
really pretty but I have this huge did
as i drive me nuts
but what you gonna do but yeah angel
haze assorted talents of the squirrel
named Suzy and I came and did my hair
and she did a bomb job she's like really
really good um I can't pronounce her
Instagram name but if you go and look at
my photos I've tagged her so if you guys
won't check that out since like click
twisty do thing of course Bria doing my
makeup so yeah my mom's getting ready
Shani is on his way over and we are
doing something super fun and I live
it's night going out to dinner and a
show and Shawnee planned this for us I'm
very excited about it
I just love him so much so yeah we're
gonna go out and beat Zelda I once again
mean Shawn are matching of course
matching always so I guess along with us
can I get a couple columns so the heck
of it yeah
Lawal in Holland - Oh Cheers should L
yes
olives branch it okay cheers hey cheers
to me booking this job job job what job
are you looking gonna see a show I might
be hurt all right we're out of brother
thanks for putting that boy yes okay so
more often see you're wearing more I
think you should strip I think you
should strip tonight no okay no we're
gonna go see the Hollywood men tonight
I'm very very excited my mom and I
jokingly said that we wanted 12 my mom
was serious she wanted to go see like
Chippendales and sounds like oh I used
to like giddy dance Memrise mi Nam is
putting India's put your vanilla you
havin a honey right oh that's worth my
first dance job Chippendales stripper so
um well strippers oh hey my lemon is a
version of Chippendales in Hollywood and
they will confirm new artistic director
choreographer and they want me to do it
Bam Bam Bam and so he has to go take
notes in my on fire like Coco with you
and be your wrist stems and we'll take
notes to open your bodyguard because
there's gonna be all with him yeah oh
yeah they don't want it again and she's
gonna protect me she's really gonna
protecting me yeah I'm gonna yeah are
burning somebody that is Joe no one gets
your shaman by the way nobody might have
my mom you can hit your shot we can but
no one else any other girl come here
Shawn I'm like no what are you gonna do
to them tell them I will the true thank
you bro
literally and I'll let you believe
without the devil that way you have a
father
yeah I'm funny really suck me though
when you aren't that like me why do you
always like okay what are your fancy
fishies I know what is this
it's called a fish kiss fuck more fish
kiss
that's a suction kiss okay I'm a sucker
fish by the way cheery cheery guys don't
you two talk about
Cheers eyes nice thighs is my family of
five all right guys this is our
appetizer we got crab cake we got until
left me sure cocktail I got spinach look
at all the drinks I got appletini mom
what did you get over there dirty cuz
she's dirty
she's a dirty girl yeah there we go and
what'd you get some doughnuts shit red
velvet marchini oh my god so cute um
we're just talking about how much we all
love each other we're like the happy
little family okay we should all like
sister wives
we should all just get married like if
the sister wives do any Tom okay with it
I'll be okay sharing my mom oh my god
bend over here
I love you you said that was a seed that
was a sweet kiss I wasn't no what are we
gonna be normal like to be normal cuz
we're a normal couple
okay so while you and Morgan
nema taste a lobster taste right now we
were yeah we already ate it all ah right
there I'm a mac and cheese and the fool
us
you're your own business 130 their fish
was really good
chum perform I will be hard just to sit
there in a perform oh no because I'll be
judging the ship I'm banging Sean
starring imagine like three actually
straight to VHS trades a VHS I'm gonna
have to be believable DHS's EHS VHS you
know you're too young VHS is it's true
what is it we got carded how do you feel
now remember this poor man get my
attention I know right
my Creed choreographing the show because
Tommy is amazing
by the way anyone rahmel guys on
so fucking hot
satis right
and feet Oh
you're a Hollywood man I know Sonia has
to be in a deep
I love
I'm like okay we've got music naked
people yet
yeah take care of Omaha
Trish Trish give her up is kid
right now
yes
dressed mom knows Yeah right
that's right that's where she gets it
from
