hey guys I'm chewing a vitamin C drop
zone sorry thought noise anybody it's
not gum
I thought about doing a whole gum
chewing video um because I annoy people
so much of my gum chewing like it's like
actually like anytime I have gum about
people like everything comments about my
gum chewing so I'm like literally gonna
do a video call like I'm noxious gum
chewing
I like really obnoxiously chewing my gum
like it's soothing to me so I kind of
just want to do and I'm not just gum
chewing video for myself but um anyways
that I'm still getting over I'm not sick
cause this is the worst part of having
something nose you look sick people
think you're sick cuz you're blowing
your nose you can't really talk at your
full capacity I'm not sick but I think
I'm getting over the stuffy nose thank
God actually a little more mucinex been
taking big fall I should have been
taking it like date a couple days prior
to when I started because in another
Zicam two things are really good um but
yeah we're going shopping this morning
it's been come our ritual which ritual
ritual every Friday Friday ritual why
can't I say that rich or wool my lips
have been so chapped - I don't know why
since I've been sick if it's still
chapped
but we run about Center I want to get
this huge pita suitcase I've been
wanting it I've been debating it has
brown on it which kind of grosses me out
a little bit I don't like pink and brown
all that much
what's a pink suitcase and I don't have
a big suitcase
I had pink suitcase but I don't need
more so I'm gonna go get that big
suitcase yeah and um then we're gonna go
look for a shirt for Shawn to wear
tomorrow because we were going out again
I'm really excited about tomorrow I
think I told you guys I can't remember
but we're going out again to a show that
he got his tickets form because of his
involvement with the actual show and I'm
really excited my mom's coming with us
and it's gonna be really really fun so
we're gonna try and match again I have
at this royal blue outfit hopefully
gonna come in the mail tomorrow so I was
like you need to get a royal blue
something so we're gonna go look for
that I'm gonna go at McDonald and then
we're going to dance
cuz I love dancing so much it has given
me so much purpose um in my life I know
it sounds weird but it gives me
motivation every morning when we dance
but like I tell him this all the time
like I think that's why he helps me so
much with dancing cuz it means a lot to
me because it gives me purpose like I
okay I was like laughs you know I am
before obviously before I danced all the
time I you know I got up kind of went
about my day like I don't know try to
keep busy I did youtube videos I mean I
still do YouTube videos obviously but as
I try to keep busy I guess in other ways
but I honestly think about it now like
what did i do before dancing like what
was what was my reason for getting up
every day besides doing youtube cuz I
love YouTube videos without YouTube oh
my god I would really be look I would
really be just bored in my life so now
that I have YouTube and dance and not
only that but like dancing we have Ricky
come and film our dances after we
learned them for the day
it gives everything just purpose for me
and I and I'm someone who needs purpose
in life we all have purpose in life but
no I don't know I don't know maybe your
purpose is not the right workers we all
have a purpose in life maybe motivation
you know cuz sometimes we lack
motivation
it gives me motivation and I hope and I
think in turn it gives you guys
motivation and inspiration because no I
think a lot of people I'm not gonna make
this along chitchat ECAR bloggers feel
like I already have but I think a lot of
people have notice I just seem happier
and everyone that you seem happier
because we found Sean which is partially
true words not because he's a guy or
anything like that because if a new guy
has come into my life it's because he
showed me something I really love to do
which is dancing and I am really happy
after I dance I beam after I dance I
feel accomplished I feel like I've
exercised my body I feel you know
beautiful when I dance I feel sexy when
I dance you know
and then only that I also feel proud
that I have a video to show for that I
can show you guys like what I'm doing
and I don't know I am happier but I
don't relay it directly with Oh a new
man in my life i relay it more with
discovering something that has made me
happy
bhishan making it because he's one of my
best friends like he's literally become
one of my best friends in just a couple
of months which is absolutely crazy but
he's such a good guy and I feel like it
if people like if people saw like
everything like was with us 24 hours a
day and like everything he does for me
you know I feel like people like oh my
god he do like a lot like a promote him
and stuff like that social media which
he does not give one fuck about and he
likes it but you know I feel like
everything I do is so minimal compared
to everything he does for me Oh more
than I could ever say to anyone and no
to I've done explain to anyone you know
how much he does just you know he makes
me happy and he's been someone in my
life whom who has just
who's just done a lot for me and more
than a lot of people's that I've known
for a very long time and I think that's
like a really true blue friend and like
I said I try and help him as much as I
can but I feel like it's also minimal in
comparison to what he does for me
so anyways oh my god am I missing a
stone already on these dual dirty other
all dusty
but yeah looks like Elvis so I say thank
you for the music I mean I can't sing at
all we all stuffed up I was I'm
listening to me a soundtrack which I
pick up so smoothly follow me on set of
track trishul on YT I'm singing follow
me all day yesterday I'm obsessed with
it and now you're working in the bank
the family man the ball fan and your
name is Harry I can't say I wish I could
go Amamiya I was cheated by you since I
think you know where so I made up my
mind it must come to an end
look at me now will I ever learn I don't
know how but I suddenly lose control I
think you fucking hear myself at all
there's a fire within my soul just one
look and I can hear a bell ring one more
look and I forget everything whoa Mamma
Mia here I go again my my how can I
resist you
yes I'll be brokenhearted whose daily
muck
oh my god new life goal is to be on
James Corden carpool karaoke are can you
like cool I mean I have to literally
become a doll to do that but dream big
right urban empire had him cuz my head
is cold
open empire means we'll have matching
ones
I love it
well then what happens because I do big
of a hat I can never wear sunglasses
with hats I was gonna like foursome
earlier I didn't I just did myself wrong
but you guys soon he's Shawn up who ever
think it's not when he's been right here
okay said I'm a keeper he's Kara many
things I'm sorry anthrax anthrax disease
everyone something's being mailed and
okay are you still videotaping he's
talking about STDs but I am NOT Sean
gave me gave me crabs Lesley we do get
crabs from my monster oh when are we
going back there we never going back
there I feel no one does
Sean is my personal valet what you call
yourself sir so far chauffeur I'm his
chef I've he carried my bags around the
mold like such a sweet guy I lost my
head man baby oh we did we were like our
yeah baby
we had to model your underwear too we
got new we got new matching underwear
naked we got matching banana here we are
we gonna met model underwear naked we
have to have underwear on okay looks
like by 7-eleven too please
hey we got them shopping every we sent
our favorite place to go barbieandken
adventures okay think BAM okay guys we
just want she's gonna love it oh my god
this make it so heavy I'm gonna do you
guys a grocery store all right now in
the car we got peanut butter protein
cookies commentary by Shawn we got I got
rice cracker this actually has only look
good but I look good in there but now
I'm we can't I can't let's go see but I
still like it
Scott Bennett all we got come that's
right we're a driver sinus we're
enjoying my sinuses out we got some
chocolate Nesquik milk to that two of
those with some water
unless
he got Perrier cuz he bougie and now we
are driving down sums up to go dance
finally shake shake what a mama gave you
shake what I mom a game that people say
the song we're doing a little dance
today I feel like we've done so much
they already I'm so excited we're just
pretty spilling it well it's good know
who we're never on schedule but we try
we at least pretend we are you just
wrote it do you want the user to try
you're gonna edit this part I definitely
didn't know why he was write him earlier
whatever I think it was a Elvis I think
they look cool alright guys we'll see
you at the dance studio ever so this is
like he's gonna have four we dance
Perrier and his pure water cookie no I'm
gonna have ug Red Bull and benadryl
beyond guys want to see what I'm wearing
it's just this black I think we saw this
when I danced my chemical romance focus
it's just this black eye Marilyn thing
but I have a tank top underneath and I
got from time oh and that sports bras
for Victoria's Secret and leggings our
target it's that little little bit is a
little logo YUM boo Tom thank you boo
don't think wait what'd you get over
there Shaunie I got a little fun a
squash ravioli I'm happy yeah it's not
help you look healthy so far I got
healthy fish your chips look I got peas
that I'm not going to eat and we get to
salsa and we have Bellinis and we're
just eating out at cake
what are we talking about
what are we talking about um it's not
for other people's here um no that's our
monthly songs mmm I would have a small
Eamonn what future he's a virgin what
we're talking about okay we're about to
eat now Piggin whistle black I'm so
excited
I need another bully me I feel like this
mattress yeah you taste one Yahoo Sports
feed me this chips and salsa because I
come into your life to add a little boy
