oh that dancer life though waking up to
mysterious bruises on your leg and about
blister life look at that huge PC
there's a huge blister on of this foot
it's focusing on that diet coke but
there's a huge blister there and a huge
blister that's like not pop there
mmm these beautiful bruises now I'm
going to go dance to get some more
bruises
alright guys I have my essentials for my
Monday work day I'm going dancing and
vlogging I'm doing all that actually my
vlogging camera I'm holding my vlogging
camera haha okay this is a action
Louboutin wallet that I just thought I
love it's like their spring one this is
my phone case from Trisha Paytas that's
pressure to calm me as Cupid out that's
probably my dance partner texting me now
this I got on ModCloth but first coffee
and oh my god there's stuff in it and I
was just literally took over its by at
that brand band oh I don't know people
knew what it was at in it
then I got my bkr water bottle and the
leader Mikey's my le dummy it's knockoff
bag everyone thought this was a Birkin
it's not it I never said it was it's um
this girl named la Demi that I follow on
insta oh my gosh sorry guys that I
follow on instead always like promote
these bags and I just thought they were
really cute so yeah it's like a broken
like knockoff I guess but I don't know
it's still pretty like pricey but they
sell these cool like faux fur Fox tails
that that's not real like you can just
feel like oh my god it's totally Jean
okay just to wrap up then and I bring
this little hat for after dance and then
my OTD and for me to have my Marilyn
hoodie with this black tank top from
Target my leggings our target and my
shoes are Nike and my hair looking kind
of busted but you know I'm going to
dance what can you expect
of the road okay
a windstorm here right now it is so
crazy here oh my god they're so much
wind last night it blew my doors open I
had a major freakout I would shit
ran down my street and called John and
like have a meltdown like I didn't know
it was happening like I heard like all
the doors my alarms like go off from all
doors all of my different doors had
different alarms I heard that Mowgli had
have freaked out it was just the wind
because when I called the cops
and they came to look and they're just
like yeah though we just pull the doors
open because we can tell someone try to
like break him there's so much happening
this morning oh my god um anyways oh
okay um
yes songs actually has an inner show you
guys my a workday essential um Sean was
texting me and I guess he had some good
news about this show he's doing I'm
really excited like for him so I don't
know we'll see what that's all about
where to pick him up now for dance
jomi super duper excited for him for
that but yeah it's so Indy here
there's tumbleweeds ever have you know
how to drive I think it open it's my
coffee mug but she put some woman a
tender before I left I was drink coffee
added this morning with every intention
to bring coffee with me but coffee and
working home it makes a girl know what I
mean oh my gosh I see that one time it
was awful I have really bad weird I
should say weird
intestinal problems anyways with my
point is often which we don't need to go
into this conversation but
let's get in Europe there there
talk about it disgusting to me
um so windstorms oh my god guys I hope
you guys about next headers in the car I
have a car blog why don't y'all about
and that is tinted windows yeah don't
ever get into windows that isn't never
ever get into windows well maybe just
don't get them so dark okay I didn't
look I never went to West Coast Customs
and said hey I want some ginger windows
they have to do this to your car this
your car - your car and I just was like
do whatever I don't remember them saying
they were under tinted windows but
whatever I was on the invoice I ended up
getting tinted windows like I said I
didn't check my invoice I'm just like
you know what I thought they knew what I
wanted
daesil check the invoice is just that
was just me being stupid I'm not putting
my money one there just letting them do
whatever they want one don't do that in
to make sure you look to make sure the
something you do want is on America's I
spent a lot of money on things I didn't
really want tinted windows included I
don't care about tinted windows never
care about to to windows but I was like
whatever so I guess we'll be cool like
all my guy friends with a new chin too
which is cool but these are too dark and
my friend was humming he's like well he
was driving this but I noticed this was
driving too it's like it's like a mirror
so when it's like really dark at night
it's like as a mirror reflection show
you can't see out of it you cannot see
out so I have to like roll my window
down I got the get them fixed I'm gonna
be getting pink seats in my car and
actually the stones that you know I
wanted a first place the little crystals
in my cart and not what it was those
customs were going to another place of
the Kardashians like go to and stuff so
I'm gonna try to that place out because
clearly was cousins it's not good but
that's maybe like later on after I'm
done with my music videos and so if I
have coming up in a few that's gonna be
spanned over a couple months there's my
album in stuff so fun would be to like
summertime plus I want I get my boobs
redone so I'll potty drop my car around
the time I go to eat my boobs are done
so while like recuperating my car can be
worked on and I won't feel like I'm
being deprived of a car
but Lots has happened before them so
that's not even the thing which is
thinking ahead you know um so I think
that was everything Wendy and I like
yeah
oh no but yeah these are like the worst
I just just if you get to do when I was
in a very liked it I would not recommend
getting your driver's window tinted and
obviously not the front window how and
you can get the proud I think it's a
gleeful or something but I thought how
to do that PSA because they even like
they're like even that one is like a
mirror reflection like at night I
actually have to physically like do this
I mean it's literally the difference
between night and day oh you know kids
can pick it up on camera but it's
literally such a difference it makes
so yeah I'm always held breakfast this
morning even blog that I hold my bruises
but I may be still breakfast this
morning cuz I was really really hungry
which is really crazy cuz I had me
dinner last night but I was just hungry
and that and weird dancing later usually
we dance kind of early in the day but
we're dancing later chip so I need to
eat something those if yours go so damn
good I think I'm good on now good on
time so crazy awesome Hashanah is so
close to me oh my god I always like
missed the beach and then I met people
here and I just really like the
Hollywood area now I don't know just
really really diggin it I guess just
like all around being around the people
you love that's like only my youtuber
friends like Drew and Jane and joy they
all kind of live in the pizza me they
don't live in Hollywood but they live
you know fairly close so my hands are
still so cold looking they're so cracked
and dry it's so so gross I just can't
even with that sometime but
anyways that's what I'm doing on this
Monday and then I going to edit some
more blocks let's kind of behind a blog
so I'm always buying on blogs that story
my life slip just stop staring to I
don't know if anyone picked that up so
stop staring I love it so so much my my
head's at gee I just wash my hair the
other day
all right see what adventure Eliza
hey guys so I feel like I haven't
vlogged in forever because I've been
stuffed up again so I thought I was kind
of like I thought it was just like sad
and mopey day this week and I realize
that's kind of like sick and that's what
was making mopey so I just started
taking medication yesterday like dayquil
and mucinex for my stuff it knows and I
still have a little it's up the pros I'm
going to go dancing seven not dance all
week and I feel like poop when I don't
dance so I'm going to show you guys my
cold purse relief so this is what I
always carry with me when I have like a
stuff done no they're like I feel like
I'm kind of sick sort of sick these haul
defense vitamin C I carry toilet paper
for my runny nose I don't even know what
I'm showing guys right now and then in
my makeup bag I have these called Zicam
which the girl Savannah who blew up my
hair this morning told me about and she
actually gave these to me from her purse
you just like have these dissolve on
your tongue and they're supposed to help
your symptoms until you feel better
so anyways yes and I have on my new
playground hoodie on get these a trapeze
watcher calm the back says are my name
and Sean's name and I think they're
really cute
I also have a new sunglasses that I'm
rocking and of course I'm gonna bring
some of this gold stuff for our faces so
we look nice and young and we're doing a
contemporary Shay so I'm super excited
I'm a little stopped up see how today
goes and hopefully I'm better blogging
today than I was the last time we danced
which is last time we blogged actually
whoo first time I shower and like washed
my hair right you spot one spot to spot
three spot or I don't even know I'm
talking about okay I'm delirious uh I
also have shirts for Sean so we're
having model those too all right guys
see you today brings you wise we just
finished dancing our first contemporary
lyrical what is that modern high five
whoops Oh Oh BAM
it was contemporary yeah it was
contemporary she understood yeah Sean
never ate he's not going to free dance
or he choreographed it was amazing it's
true colors all I get blogs I'm sure
tied me up I can do contemporary but
it's not my go to me you're not a
contemporary dancer you said you said
you don't really choreograph it you
don't really dance it that much well I
mean I'm taking classes and I've done it
oh you have I know this is new to me
and I can completely do it but it's not
my style I choreographed but Trish likes
to push my buttons to make to make me do
something I like to push you I don't to
push your buttons push your buttons is
bad I push my like buttons push them
we're gonna go I just see a lost member
we're going to check filet oh hey stop
we're going to take flight to see if
there's a drive-thru right it's about a
$5 not he but on a $5 that there is so
whoever engine driver I live it I live
it you live it I do it I have a bedroom
underneath the fried cooker Sean's
actually homeless people enter a
chick-fil-a um pretty funny if you were
homeless and I had six bedrooms I didn't
offer you to live with me but you like
lived under a bridge that's what she
does No
why cuz I see your true colors shine and
throw it in here plus the pictures is
that okay we just did picture something
like I really get really clear that's
what you're really good business he says
we do dishes does that say what it
doesn't know attract one that says no um
yeah you five dollars I'll buy your
chick-fil-a for you no I'll buy your no
I owe you I bet no no poor our choir and
loaned you this pink I saw all the money
in the G maker now I'm broke um but this
is quiet everybody the drive-thru here I
honestly thought you had to go in oh she
told me no 1989 no jive Darrell um
bought me bought me she bought me two we
went having fights all day today I was
right here on the cheese
punch me said no doctor oh my god could
you imagine if I punched you if I was I
got physically abuse it I was like
you're so perfect but I like behind
closed doors I punched you in the face
oh she's dizzy like he's crying over it
soda what do you get here do you get
something healthy if you get salad or
you get like two fingers no I get a
chicken mutton meat oh do you really
we're never to play together I get to
coquí's nugget large large frying
lemonade Oh No why do you like doing
that so much to my face would be as I
have him cuz I know oh my god you see
what you just said she would you do that
he likes to grab it people like to grab
my face because I have a lot of have a
lot of bulk right here no that's that's
your own chocolate Holland today are you
gonna watch at home
oh it's puppy on it'll be on when I get
home going on four o'clock today it's on
in ten minutes
oh my god guys did you watch it I'm
gonna go watch it when I get home ten
minutes yes a teach tonight everyone's
like let's see some kitties
little kid I won thinking more kitties
teaching them how to be
good for us a some well we got our
playgrounds very good dancers please so
welcome to my t-shirt my god I want to
buy one you got to go to Japan
by the way BAM is your thing everytime
people tweet Sean they tweet BAM now
that's their thing BAM all right so
we're gonna order some chicken fingers
and fries
I'm excited after dancing
