I got sure that organized okay guys this
is Krebs this is my fridge being
organized so bougie cribs you know that
shit looks together this is what it is
welcome to my frigerator today welcome
to my playground I can't stand an
organized good I know I look how cute
you look let me just walk up in his
night clothes not pajamas my clothes
but this is no queue he's organizing it
I love it I do it's what you do this is
how I was lazy it's so bougie now I love
it I can see where everything is let's
go it's woodsy beings he's what making
pancakes he said these are the best
pancakes ever it makes them like great
trust me you don't trust shit
trust me did you put that gold stuff on
your face cause you're young and just
Shawna Yugoslavia yeah that shouldn't be
how you could you guys I told me to do
cooking videos because this is so
exciting watching him doing videos
vlogging videos making videos videos
naked cooking video guys I got a lot of
shit on my plate so guys go subscribe to
him so he has to he has 50,000
subscribers and hasn't made one video
without me I should be balling this for
your channel because then you can put
this up oh we should have done it from
the beginning fuck
like all too late Oh Sean look how cute
he is my pants this is so good
zharko is it really this is the
technique thanks Johnny
oh my gosh okay guys here's the pancakes
he said you got to eat it quick before
it gets cold so he said take the
centre-right first so we'll see how it
goes okay let me stay I'll vlog my
reaction to it
oh I look crazy if we can same that's a
guy alright he had to cut them mmm
they're like thin
mother really God beside what do we say
yeah duh no these are so good oh my god
Mike he's like a crepe but he's our
crepe and pancake put together Oh like a
Swedish pancake mmm this is so good news
honey
there's my shop over there mm-hmm hey
guys I have my pink lady jacket my black
pants and my pink little shoes on my
mom's over there with her little black
leggings and purple sweater we are ready
for grease live tonight we're having a
little bit of a party tonight we are
having mama got back we're having Sean
Vanns are well we're having angel and
hey Zeus and Buca di Beppo lots of food
we're all excited mmm we are gonna have
some good food tonight excited hey yeah
I'm so hungry now me too no we're not
happy we sacked last night before we
went out and I'm gonna even in our food
show it's not focusing on me focus go
mmm
always need that Jack and Coke but I
haven't here like a little pony to be
casual so go big zip them whatever not
gonna be bothered with make it stay
because it is going to be a chill and
relaxing day it's raining we're gonna
watch Greece live together no it is
attitude for Greece I know
hi oh my god you guys were opening the
Dom we're carry-on
yeah don't mind biggis excited for the
opening this before the hollywood man
we have another one we have another one
we have another Dom in there and would
you get a headache yeah that's when I
have real fun we're all here we got
Angelo Hayes's Johnson hey everybody
they're like here for degrees and I'll
champagne yay and we're hoping another
one we got a Dom here yeah this is the
bougie stuff you guys have to really
drink this is Dom hearing on it's so
boozie boozie boozie boozie yeah we went
from started from the bottom now right
here
that's so funny I'm like how do you have
them wrong this is so funny right now
angel trying to put on angel wings to
become an angel I want to see you on you
usually you have to get this to work I
think that's right yeah power pack and
he could be freedom in like the John
Travolta movie
yeah the Michael Murray yeah you're a
sexy angel I'll go both at you where do
you choose your phone okay oh we imagine
listen with your injections ooh I'm
getting a close-up of you angel do the
pose again I'll get your face I'm
closing up go I'm getting a close-up Oh
your face I'm Trisha yeah G your Trisha
pose with the lips yeah my lips my big
lips oh my god is so funny you look so
cute I died whoa nice here dinners nice
for this long life okay I'll change the
time
it's all our food for tonight fix me a
teeny chicken salad and cookies boom hey
guys it's my adopted family from LA
every dinner hi a piece of no Italian oh
so we're getting ready at Greece and
we're having our Booga food yeah look at
they're like not excited yeah there you
go
not to start but all right guys we're
gonna ride watch Greece got angel haze
it yeah Sean much grease all my favorite
people in the whole world my besties duh
ah there it is I can't watch it
Hey
