is it's Christmas Eve and my dad and
stepmom brought me presents and I can
already tell it's gonna be good because
it's in a balance point brewing thing oh
this one is this like a religious book I
think it's the Jesus book isn't it I
know it's something alcohol in Jesus
let's just do a little sneak peek of
these what's inside oh this is like the
go to church present from from
appearance Dom and then what is this
vodka you guys are predictable hey but I
love it at least I know I'm gonna like
what I get and then this could it be a
Catholic book
let's see your TV this book why we're
Catholic okay you can always have
another one of then they gave me a card
was not open in a bit but we are late
for brunch so I just want to show you
guys what we got okay we are going to
perch it's an elevator to resting place
on the 13th floor never been but it's
near the theater is over see Coco
Oh fishies
don't you
it was so cute I know I like it there's
that we're on the rooftop the 15th floor
on downtown LA French look how amazing
this view is guys from the restaurant
some poor
okay guys these are our little French
our French holes we got a croissant what
do you think that is you ready no no
this okay
cookie what's that I think I'm gonna go
for something to give us any plates but
you just take the bread basket it's a
trick you it's French over here lighting
is really good it's in my eyes but it
looks great on camera like we're all our
food I got shrimp scampi Jack at the
burger as we made it through the islands
in downtown LA I'm out of breath and we
didn't even walk here good thing we
didn't walk I was I breath going up
those stairs
Christmas music is playing Christmas Eve
okay I'll have little Santa hats on - oh
I want to picture in front of that
something rotten sign that's cool
something
something rotten I'm super excited my
exciting yeah are you currently
subscribers we have a special going on
yeah so cool I mean kind of yeah that's
kind of cool
well this is the company which I don't
know if that means the stars oh oh yes
there he is
Adam Pascal I am so excited
Oh firm Brent and he was in like the
retinue
alright so didn't alpha change she's not
bugged people behind me I got a shirt
fired at the song I was like I'm the
number one fan of something run my shirt
my jacket I would love to look like
Lincoln man yeah I mean I could not
actually really close it up there's
something wrong you a is look at all the
fishies in Miami there's two fishy is I
look at my fans
thanks for coming for my main greed
thank you oh yeah we're all that's the
same man cuz look at that man before a
picture that was so comfortable to sleep
in we wanted my mom and I keep going to
buy stuff at the Miami Airport was not
for analyst nation but it's Christmas so
yeah I need some air time in the walk
like your sister should want war and
they love that you're in the vlog so you
should never want to be in the vlogs
what are you gonna do that boxes it's
over
quit YouTube forever okay put that in
that universe I mean I continue I didn't
which every year it's not every day like
I haven't doing remember we are in New
York and I would go home and just have
like I gotta edit and I'd be so tired
at least it's like not that much
pressure now epilogue misses coming to
an end
yeah I mean we continue to hang all over
him
oh my god my sister and my mom like a
baby orangutan oh my god her fever light
at the 5 you said an orangutan oh yeah
that's very festive here we're all like
starving but we're also late for our
flight kind of Oh downstairs - are you
kidding me mmm my mom's back her heels
on today so she's really not happy about
it and oh I am you look good
I feel you I feel like
Monica I'm friends with Christian oh my
gosh oh no they're great if you as
mentioned friends or birds one more time
I'm going to lose me like I think that
the escalator do you know those
elevators if you want to take that
you're trying to go where no other
stairs
okay now we're gonna be walking Merry
Christmas no perfect didn't get bad guys
we are boarding the plane to Bahamas one
of the workers here you cited this is
stripper uniform like you girls gonna
work the pole we're like yeah Christmas
a mother sister duo mommy excited dolly
we're super excited we have another
family vacation it's like Vegas for like
but that was not really account just
like our first family vacation I know we
always do Vegas
we never know like a family vacation for
Christmas you guys okay can everyone
online click with family vacations
oh I look really bad we've been
traveling since 4:00 a.m. this morning
so I love greasy
thank you
it would've cost my life
what am I
Oh guys it's Christmas sweater bar I
don't know what y'all are doing no we're
not in the bank she used to be we were
was there having a ball like at a club
Conner's we could always make it look
like that all employees interpret it is
all an illusion
look at this human knees right now same
it's Christmas
we're in the Bahamas we're having aa
chose the Michelin star restaurant it's
uh nothing the cheese over there that
way
I don't know I can go gander my stomach
hurts we did a buffet and I honestly
feel really sick I help travelers me and
I meiotic okay we heard that thank you
for that
anything you're like 10 anything you
would like to add to this anime me okay
sorry I'm getting overheated okay I love
you guys I'm finishing the blog because
it is enna bloggers Cali they're
buttoning each other up because we just
had a get ready party or a gun ready
party um so we made the Bahamas why are
we excited yeah we're excited to get out
of this one huge man yeah we're we're a
little I would have been a cool hotel
room tour because honestly this was a
very expensive hotel but you could not
tell okay well that's what we paid for
that I had my sister once use my body
soap she wants to wear my dresses I
don't have to you two - no you can I'm
just kidding oh I don't want to hurt you
have only 50 at home no I actually did
bring a whole one come and a half one I
actually did bring a whole one just and
get you probably I really I swear I did
I really different at Trish's I ruined
by you I mean I get by 3 Matthew one to
everybody a mom put my large on okay I
had my mom's medium this is my bed that
room Christmas mom she ruined Christmas
because she wanted to that way I'm red
or so now I need its outlet finally
whispering and then but that's right why
I'm editing my blog but we can whisper -
don't be fine maybe they're in the pool
Patricia I love my mama Callie okay she
loves it
but you know but honestly I wouldn't fit
me mom feels bad I'm like that would
never would have been snug and tighten
them lettuce sure something can
suffocate again um oh god I just like
hubs but yeah we don't know what this
hotel but we're gonna go explore
tomorrow work site anymore pillow will
se Pig Ireland huh oh we need to try to
my GoPro you didn't remind me need more
towels a pharmacy pharmacy make a list
on the coolest pharmacy GoPro it's not a
thing wait what did you say pharmacy
pharmacy towels man hang Island towels
pig-iron
pillows okay won't figure it out okay
we'll figure it all seriously
no I we're gonna go have my own fight
pills somewhere end this vlog so marry
Chris has ever seen Wow okay first of
all is that true my pads right sticks in
your eyeball right yeah not the pants at
the flat pads it's condemned made out of
cotton what is their condemned when
we're Christmas to you guys - this is
our family you know you have America's
it's our so I have to take my no no do
not take your fellowship
mom okay mom is a big water over there
just taking that she'll take the water
yo you want coke diet coke we've got a
cool no mom stop anyway good night
everyone hope you enjoyed this vlog miss
love you guys see you on New Year's what
water walk before that but ok fine
before I'm buying my eyes
your parents on a marriage
hmm
chessmen he carried out there
Fisher says this holiday is for you and
you
holiday brand-new phone
turn
I'm your angel just be my pretty
celebrated by nice
