oh good morning vlog oh my god I have
not logged in a while like a couple days
from I've been facing out these vlogs a
little more cuz I was losing every
single day and I was like oh yeah that
me just don't blog every single day like
and I just the past a few days I just
really haven't do anything in this my
throat well that's weird I just this is
the first time I'm talking this morning
and it feels like I've is way through
mmm
I have a breakfast meeting with one of
my manager or from my management company
he's like no okay yeah does like the
music part of it jiminy with ham which
I'm really excited about and we're going
out to breakfast which is awesome I love
meetings where I can eat some chapstick
I have my nails on yesterday that was
the only exciting thing I've done in the
past three days and I look like crap
going to get him done so happy but yeah
I haven't done anything really that
exciting the past couple days so I just
haven't been vlogging really Shaun was
actually sick too so we haven't even
been dancing so just kind of you know
downtime so there's nothing to vlog
except me sitting at home looking
disgusting so yeah actually got dressed
today and showered in all that stuff but
busy day today we are the playground
music video came out this morning it's
amazing you guys are giving an amazing
response to it and I'm so glad you guys
like it because for my new music from my
own original songs of 2016 I am working
with a whole new team and crew and I
just they're amazing they're really
really good they're just young and fresh
and um
I'm just really excited to be working
with them and Shawn and everybody he's
helping Indians like just movement
feeling comfortable with my body for our
music videos it's just it's just amazing
and you know obviously I love a Shawn
and I mean we're like super close but
him helping you all this is just kind of
like an extra you know frosting on the
cake if you will um
but yeah so that's what I'm doing um
on
just a lot of exciting things happening
and it's not like other secrets or
anything it's just you know you know I
throw I'm one of those people who's like
just roll out out there and see what
sticks so I'm always about like let's
try this let's try this don't by the way
that's what my nails look like and this
is a little different yeah Oh busy today
so I'm getting my hair taken out because
um they need to be moved up by tape and
tape ins have to be moved up more than
the bonded ones like the individual ones
um but the flipside of that is they only
take like a half hour take out in like
an hour to put in so I supposed to be
the ones with cheek like in two hours to
get out three hours to put in so it's a
lot easier he's gotta get him done more
often I'm actually okay with because I
just like them a lot better I want to do
a whole video on my teeth and extensions
I just um I just need to sit on a film
that I like a lot of things I've
sit-down film um yeah so hair done and
brushed on pointing with me because Road
at the same salon which is so crazy you
knew we were meant to be when we went to
the same salon he's like it was so crazy
cuz we it before we even hung out we
just had met each other on the music
video he's like do you just leave the
Kimbo salon like yeah how I tell this
right before I'm having to go if I
didn't I was like yeah he's like I'm
getting my hair done there right now is
I'm gonna feel crazy I mean it's kind of
crazy because of all the hair places in
LA I mean there's a ton like go to the
same one that's crazy so we're gonna go
get our hair done go do some shopping I
need to get some new luggage we're going
on a trip so I'm gonna get some new
luggage and he's gonna get a pink bow
tie for tomorrow we're going out to see
Mamma Mia
and we wanted to dress up like well I
wanted to dress up like Barbie and I
told them cuz like Barbies plus-size now
haha which I love I like her be they're
coming out the curvy Barbie and I think
they come with a tall Barbie different
ethnicity Barbie he's like I think
there's an Asian one I think there was
always like a black Barbie but I feel
like there's a never been an Asian when
I think there was a nation when I saw I
think it's awesome I think it's awesome
I'm gonna do a whole video I wouldn't by
the time you see this I think there's my
old video I just
awesome that like Barbie like a doll
that pretty much every girl plays with
is you know giving her a body and you
know other things high races everything
to make every girl relate to her I think
it's awesome so I applaud metallic kind
of percent I think it's so cool I would
have loved curvy Barbie I would have
loved a curvy Barbie for sure cuz you
know Barbie was always skinny so you
thought I don't like but anyways all
right guys well I am going to focus on
driving now that I'm down off of the
hill real driving time so we'll see how
its bright good thing that my stunner
shades on I should always say wear my
sunglasses are from but I feel like I
didn't unboxing up these but just in
case you haven't seen on my main channel
should be subscribed they're Versace
Versace Versace Versace Versace 100
these are a close-up of my nails I just
got done with breakfast and these are a
close up but yeah they're pretty cool
this one's a little different same kind
of color scheme I love them so now I'm
just waiting in a car where Shawn he
takes longer than me to get ready but
then again he usually looks better than
me i poached eggs this morning for
breakfast meeting went well by the way
poached eggs I never had before I was
ordering poached eggs on toast and I was
like I'm gonna get poached eggs on toast
you it was really really good um so yeah
so now I'm just chillin butter she has
many eels cuz I didn't properly show
them yesterday I saw yeah they are
yeah so crawl faster you'll catch up at
all
I'll take it sriracha the spicy oh you
sure you want that shirt some please to
Shawn's house we got Shawn here Shawn
yeah we're not full of ourselves he
thought she was talking about do that
what do you say now we're a Beverly
Center no one's here right now let's
like crazy but we're here super early
now we're gonna go get our hair done and
go shopping playground is out right now
he has his playground shirt showing
welcome to the Beverly Center someone
said your voice sounds like the sexy are
not texting I know it was it I'm too
sexy guys I'm too sexy for my shirt
that's there like Shawn sounds like that
it's a compliment I was like I don't
know anyway so now so go watch it man
you guys thanks for everybody who bought
the song and dancing to it
it makes us
very happy what were you gonna say we're
gonna say something
we're gonna say this is really happy
that's all you're anything good there
anyway
so welcome to the mall it's like I'm so
tired today I was like oh my god your
eyes looked like he was either crying or
smoking a bunch of weed used to be
all right we're gonna eat and I'm gonna
I gave him a camera and he's using it no
not yet it's ready it's on this tripod
tripod you took you so tired
I was early Terrace cheers to playground
yeah cheers to our shirts and so amazing
person send us thank you so much you
guys look at these bomb-ass kicks me and
Shawn are there everything oh my god
here I wanna show you look what they
make me do right let's see you said I
can't be as amazed they're so quality
everything oh my god I've been dying for
these shoes
what is the name of the star we do an L
when we do a live show in Hollywood wait
what's the name of this store what do we
know do we know the name of the store
what's the thing in the store oh he's
like just every single day yeah
lunch guys we're celebrating a
playground with Cobb County now we have
nachos we got some wings
you guys excited we're gonna eat not
just these look so good and everybody
gonna dance after all this so I don't
know how it's gonna happen but I love it
we just killed it and dancing today
Jamie Just Answer Frank we didn't do
like a dance video which is crazy guys
like we got our hair down and on my hair
look actually good for once I wish we
would've had to Ricky there but he was
out of town Shaun's back there brought
me my dance singing and think that's
already dancing to this not subscribe to
shot he cracks me the fuck up I'm such a
creeper right I'll see if he looks in
he's not he's selling his own little
world right now
I was filming you pumping my gas yes and
you were singing in sync I was like Oh
agency and think we got here you go
welcome to the gas station or premium in
your gas pump let me show you all the
Styles I found you oh my god anyways
we're gonna go play Mega Millions now
and then a rest and might sleep because
we are tired
another friend dance day we just did it
for fun today's like exercise why are
you dancing
it's like exercise I'm deaf I make my
skin camera go we got I'm scaring myself
but I think we'll see you puppy in the
next block cuz I don't think I'm gonna
vlog anything else neither old orders
made me sleeping on set so hey char it
off hey guys is to wrap up the vlog
these shoes are from G's apiece and no D
at the Beverly Center
my hairdresser is zocalo at the Kimbo
hair salon montage Beverly Hills another
place we ate out today was Cabo Cantina
on Hollywood barred
