hey guys we're dancing I'm in my little
cop lower density Patrick's today just
for exercise just for fun ever
electrician what are you dancing for him
it just her fun and you know hang out
with Shawn thing we both like doing and
he's really good at doing and so I
really like dancing with them so that is
what we're doing today and I have my
urban empire pants with my Etsy shoes
which this is like coming apart because
these shoes were like kind of expensive
what's kind of the part a little bit I
did not get these on the outlines they
make these shoes but I got mine
somewhere else but these are like only
apart basically but yeah that's what
we're doing you know what's so crazy as
I've been getting so much sleep but like
my eyes I still I think it's just like
getting older I really do have baking
them right here you start doing more for
that I never had that problem before but
anyway I got my coffee time it out there
noble urn land of promise is hoping
opportunity like a dancer Nicole step up
six here we come and it goes like this
the fourth the fifth the minor fall and
the major lift and the babble can
compose is hallelujah I love us on a
hurry no one will stick a chord that
David played here gonna pleased the Lord
but you don't really care for music do
ya and that girls like this the fourth
the fifth the minor fall and the major
lift and the baffled king composing
Oh hallelujah
Gumby um music being me today you're
reading me today look at your butt okay
its ass he's so skinny but here's a good
boy oh my god that's the thing now I was
looking at your Twitter's the ones that
you like with your Twitter comment that
you like and all the ones he likes are
wasn't say BAM and if someone says
hashtag BAM or something he likes that
so he likes favorites it yeah well yeah
you dance well freestyle it really does
turn me on I get wet
okay I'm gonna play something that's our
shower one way I'm gonna play a song and
you freestyle is gonna be a dance
competition like so okay it's like okay
you're hired
and Carter from when he's like 12 and I
wanna do the Kyrie like it's like oh my
god I wanna hold you but then
I love her what's up hey there's Ricky
where are you filming the shower things
- mom like nope this guy you killed it
he's off I love ya hey by the way
Congress packing my like brothers
