oh we're celebrating a birthday at a
fancy restaurant it's nice to seize
there's a sheet that what is that boo
boo I this is filet mignon and that's
potato 3 but instead the cares of good
what are you gonna go tomorrow flips and
I got burger fries cuz I'm a classy
bitch so we're celebrating little ones
birthday she's 23 area nobody likes you
when you turn green last year and she
went to this year's big way to 24
there's no song because that's when you
get old and no one can know I was show
her she's very beautiful and easy
picture gorgeous hey you know I did have
luck for my sister's birthday kind of
vlog to lunch the meal the dinner the
meal lunch dinner I've been so busy
being productive with my productive
businesswoman briefcase Alex so official
isn't it I'm this woman I'm a
businesswoman with a lot a weave
there's a lot of weaving whatever they
weave for days yeah how have you been
yeah today is a Saturday and I had some
amazing meetings this morning already
got on a Saturday like what amazing
things happening amazing things
happening like I have been so happy like
just with my life and like I was like
once you're happy in life like I'm
amazing things should start happening
like once you're happy you know it's
crazy but it kind of just goes to that
whole like life is what you make it it
really does because you know if you're
if you're happy in the Pratt
understanding press all the time like
you're gonna attract that it really is
true ah because I've been having
Brussels and you just a truck that you
just don't do anything so we have to
like force yourself to be happy and get
out of the house and do something I'm so
happy and I'm just I'm having a good
time
I'm having a good time guys um there's a
car wash coming up where they shot the
Britney Spears pretty girls just enough
that's introduced to me if I were to go
there they have like a giant hand at the
car wash and I always see it I was like
which is so pretty oh pretty girls
um yes I don't harder something running
errands and I think when I stop by
7-eleven to do a 7-eleven haul like
trying 7-eleven food sort of thing but I
feel like mine's gonna be like a
7-eleven home I feel like the trying
trend the trying food trend thing like
it's just not for me because when I
can't like trying new foods and - it's
like if I go to some eleven and get food
I want to get like food that I like so I
feel like oh I'm sure you guys like what
you what I like I'm kind of gold I think
trap me like these are 7-eleven goodies
in 7-eleven love and things I like so I
rather than you know
so I think there's some along the way
home which I think there is I'm just
gonna stroll down Ventura see if there's
any sound Elevens up there it's a gloomy
day here in LA and I feel like I just
wanna like that today and relax well I
mean I've been really busy this morning
but like I feel like I'm shown a badge
I'm gonna say maybe I don't know who I
should hang out with tonight staying out
with Joey Shane injure tomorrow so no I
don't wanna hang out so no in the mood
to hang out hopefully not be like last
Saturday night I was like so crazy I
don't know maybe Shawn maybe but he
would not last my hand I think he is
this is so funny how different I am now
that I want to socialize with people
haha I used to be really content just
staying at home like it's like kind of
crazy now that I like crazy socializing
like it's weird I guess I'm a late
bloomer haha
anyways you talk about car blog up on
everything but I feel like you're caught
up um all right then well we all go to
7-eleven and see what adventure lies in
store there or is a happened before is
in store okay I'm like delirious I see
you guys soon i legit 1 2 3 7-elevens
and like date didn't have any food one
had like one pepperoni pizza left and I
was like it and they got those little
taquito things there was just some lot
on sale I was a good idea but honestly
like it was the opposite of appetizing
you made me want to like leave SS like
had all this just not forget things food
and texted me all the time but nothing
was good there so I bounced and I had
enough talk about to the blog earlier
but always something happening around
when I'm around I'm gonna wrap her name
hustle from Houston Texas around like
he's like I don't like he's like you
know done anything yet but um every time
I go to like some 700 I guess you
remember and every time I go and as I if
I had my hair makeup done like it's just
like it's just you get non stop
harassing every 7-eleven I thought I
went to today I went to three of them
every single one is just like
constant Tony was ever Astrid is a
harassment it's just the heat this last
time you said like I'm not trying to
harass you or anything I'm Michael you
kind of are like talking to me asking
for my name and number and this guy's
like pacing me like I mean it's honestly
I said this perform blogs but it's
honestly why I like to go out on public
like people I can call myself ugly
without makeup but you know less than
less than pretty you know what I mean
because you still get harassed as a
female not saying I'm the hottest thing
I think just as females in general you
still get harassed people just don't
want to unwanted attention it's
basically harassment that's basically
that's like Jeannette I'm not talking to
you I give you a smile I didn't give you
a glance like I just you know did I get
it people try make friends or trying to
meet people that think it's attractive
whatever but I don't know it does get
exhausting as a woman I'm you know I
don't know it does not find likes I get
wanting to like introduce yourself if
you want to know someone I could show
somebody but like at the same time you
got to know like when I might seem like
a bitch face is all the time consumption
you don't know me my people watch my
videos obviously as I'm watching my
videos I get really bad I'm okay but
like I don't obviously a weird I don't
know if that wants to attention I guess
that makes me uncomfortable a little bit
at time since you just you know I lock
in my car and smile like they're not
jumpy or a towards anyone I have trust
issues with guys apparently it's obvious
but anyways those and this is a PFA she
not harass girls
and I'm really and you know go boy want
my face to pee and I'm just oh my god
Michelle and happy I just might eat
myself out to a movie tonight we don't
see myself out to dinner tonight I don't
know I should you know glass of wine at
a bar I should it you can take yourself
out on dates if no no see house you take
yourself out sometimes I just in the
mood for some randomness
