okay guys I am shooting my next album
cover and I'm gonna see myself for the
full body for the first time and I'm
like really excited because this is just
everything so ready to see we're gonna
look together oh my gosh this is so
funny I'm a little baby doll today I'm a
life-size baby I can't wait for guys to
see the cover of this album it's gonna
be so cute I love this so much
I'm this is actually I'm living for this
pose I'm like Alice in Wonderland
looking through the looking-glass
oh I love it it's so cute my makeup and
hair are on point it day Ashton my
makeup like a little baby doll I think
it's so pretty angel and Zeus did my
hair today and they did this little bow
thing which is so living I love this
look I'm gonna wear this look out today
because I think it's so cute not the
dress but everything else and we're
gonna start shooting mr. baby mmm
there's the crew I hope you guys are so
cute angel and hey Zeus holy jeez Nigel
which are still not doing YouTube
if somebody took that one instead of
like what yeah because that is good that
one's a good one
yeah by now Paulie Gee's is an angel do
you have to buy that I agree there I
didn't have anything really
I'm sure my name is Hagen we're talking
about domain names and I'm like I think
my domain names ticking so there's my
voice
they made me let's go to Barbie doll
baby doll would be so excited oh I know
she would left for that she was baby
James I know you know your gifts you're
like in bed Joan Crawford what that's
like literally so long ago if y'all know
that movie bags big David and joy Baker
like no one will know that he's trying
to make a boy about it bit whatever
happened to Baby Jane
Hades was holding my little bear earlier
I love this yeah I love stuffed animal
meat but the sub-game I was yeah my mom
loved my video there's a little stuffed
animal of y'all qt1
and then you know the t y baby yeah like
I had so many a beanie baby and having
the bigger baby baby yeah they had like
pillow pals
yes she made me gay haha you returned
gay then by the stuffed animal from a
beanie baby why baby you're created you
were molded that way how about you I am
beanie babies yeah no I was born baby
baby sexual oh really
how many idea of making a backpack out
of all my own t why I want to cut him up
and like so really cool that would be
actually really really cool actually
that would be everything no that would
be me I want to ship them from Houston
but I don't know yeah you should Oh
excited oh my god
you're like I'm doing it I love if you
guys want to be baby bag oh here we go
okay angel found a dong oh oh oh I do
oh my god I do look like her whatever
happened to Baby Jane have you seen it
where is that so Wow oh my god that's
why it's important to look at movies
before the 1980 the nineteen seventies
because it does all right
the only watch a movie to have color and
that are HD and on blu-ray
welcome to my playground seesaw that
would not Molly
let me give them the tricks run down the
bring the free tip tip given you her
giving you the big gun guys we're
celebrating Sean's birthday look how
happy he has he so cute
look on the inside yes ever some in my
birthday suit he says where they see you
I'm in my birthday suit shake them shown
what I dressed up for him Brad Capitol
girl which is my favorite they know it's
my favorite it's my now it's my new
favorite we're getting literally
everything I love he's working the
fillet we're getting the calamari this
is why order they know what's up this is
honestly the best birthday ever
oh god I'm so glad this is so fun I told
them we're going out during the day
because you have till it's good punch
I know okay I was good cheers but you've
already
all right down like yeah yeah well
Cheers there yeah
half of mine I got drunk last night and
I'm like love it so good so we're a
Capital Grille you like it so far
yeah you want a piece yeah
you gotta cut my Vegas food cut my
baby's food look so hot
means ooh really I think this one you
think is more done you I switch it up
it's pretty pink no my name is - that's
yours us wish yeah
first bite okay I'm Sarah hey
AHA is about try it oh love it ha ha pop
your name oh yeah a blue drink mmm
alright so we're having birthday shots
with our mystery guest third one joined
us but here we go already
well put the mystery guest on she
doesn't like to be on it look at her oh
no got ready
okay Cheers let's see your hand yeah can
we see it there - no fine we're in it
okay - you ready eyes eyes eyes eyes
eyes oh ha ha ha happy birthday get your
shot as you dance it do you
yeah yeah oh yeah that would be great
my god I don't know what you're seeing I
don't know what I look like by affixing
face on to get to my next destination oh
my god we were in traffic for so long oh
my god like two and a half hours we were
in traffic for a really long time I had
to stop and use a bathroom twice on the
way home
I hate drop Shaun off at his house is he
had changed his dance clothes because
he's teaching tonight oh my god yeah
stopping he's the bathroom again oh my
god I'm like oh my god I'm literally two
and a half hours late Joey's so sorry
Joey if you're watching this holy
schnikeys
I feel so bad I feel so I feel so bad I
hate being late I thought I planned it
we thought was planning a good time and
Shana even is gonna be late to his dance
class like we just really don't know
where the time when but on top of that
the traffic was horrendous
on a Thursday like I thought it was bad
on a Friday it was horrendous on a
Thursday I didn't think we're gonna have
that pompous we're carpool but we did
have that problem so now I'm on my way
to Joey's I'm so excited I haven't seen
you in so long and we're actually
filming so I'm super excited and hanging
out of course but I just was in so long
so that's what I'm doing and hang out
with Danielle hopefully to some I'm
gonna have a antic email the press all
day I have been
I've been very negligent with her
responsibilities this week but I'm going
to get back on the grind not tomorrow
because my sister's birthday I'm
actually gonna pie get back on my grind
Saturday because I think that's a day I
can like catch up on things including
getting my house on my control my house
is crazy
so yeah but oh my god I look such a mess
mmm makeup has held up but I definitely
have some touch-ups in my car because
you know um yep such a fun day with Sean
I love him so much he was so sweet he
kept saying thank you so much for
everything I don't know how he showed
you guys what I got him everything I
ended up telling you I ended up being a
camera like my my vlogging camera so
that way he can um you know do YouTube
and stuff more and
so vlog a baby because we're gonna be
going to Vegas so I'm hoping he'll you
know I'm really greasy sorry guys I
getting to why my case but oh my gosh I
was just thinking about today today has
been the like longest bringing on a good
way because like I've done so much in
this day I woke up I did an album cover
shoot just you know randomly did an
album cover shoot casually I filmed
videos for my main channel I you know we
went off for Sean's birthday and now I'm
gonna go hang out with Joey and film
some club so I'm really excited about
that I'm just I know I really like days
like today where I'm just like busy
doing stuff cuz when I go home and you
know I'll just I'll just look all over
when I get home I'll be so tired in the
best ways things become my best friend
these clean and clear things oh my gosh
I wish I was sponsored a button on all
of these on the face I literally took 20
out cannot be that money
oh my god
why are we such don't we see what a mess
oh I hit the grease jackpot geez I am
NOT one all day then I went to three
public bathrooms to
use the restroom cuz I eat so much that
food and it just like went right through
me and Sean oh my god bless his heart
I'm so sorry we had to pull over again I
felt really embarrassed what are you
gonna do
rocky took coke Cola I read it I say
that people think I'm like a coke head
for some reason and I'm like if I was
close had to be really really skinny not
a kopeck but I mean I love Diet Coke I
should just go for some real coke right
now cuz I sure rush would be every thing
I need we'll just keep blotting my face
until I get there because like I look so
Oh guys so I am going to continue
driving and hope they get there to see
the entirely manner and again Johnny I
want to know so far I just I really am
like I don't even mean that like in a
silly funny way like I'm so sorry like
my biggest pet peeve is being on time
and I just I'm like just really poor
planning and I just I didn't want to
cancel because we've been planning and
try to get together for a while so and
there's so much busier than me but
luckily he did say he was gonna be home
all night so hope I'm not ruining like
any of his plans or anything but I think
he did say that so that's like a thing
so anyways alright come straight soon at
Jenny's house and we just missed the
healthy eating Wow niggas my baby makes
you eat this awful crowd look at this
I'm enjoy you have a snack she's like
yeah here's fresh shoes so goes oh my
God look keep you look again oh my gosh
that was a quick change literally suck
yo boy I have to do this just our new
t-shirt me now you're kind of lucky that
way no new makeup or anything living for
that so what did you think of the
healthy eating you love oh you needed it
I have something stuck in my throat he
did not like it and Joey is a healthy
person and he didn't know like is like
if you're supposed to prepare these
things not just you are you two saying
that not a real thing I don't know but
okay we are like no bright anti-god I'm
all about the bright color and Michel I
think we're look like Rainbow Brite we
do so pretty do what do you think about
me copying everything that you have I
love do you okay cuz I'm worried it
Tricia Cruz throwing people out cuz she
like I can't be every no I think it's
fun yeah yeah yeah cuz I do the same
thing do yeah okay good that makes me
feel so good cuz I literally have like
his mate like the cosmetic case I have
like I want to get that lava-lamp what
else we have the water bottle what else
do I have here this again we gonna do
you have a kind of ring light yet no I
don't look like no not you
wanting another feeling well you know
it's not bagel for you yes are you do it
up that way
do you love it oh this this camera was
yours that I copied right literally
everything you know like have like
exactly some of the back I am actually I
think a well so now we're ready to
making our challenge camera alright did
you do up here
yeah no cute so now that's what we're
gonna do and I don't know what are we
doing next we know I think we should be
the Pringle one because uh no is the
Slurpee thing so are we gonna do I don't
know know if we're going to either now I
would yellows all right I'm almost I'm
okay so that's what we're gonna do okay
to show these real quick cuz I don't
know what these are but they creep me
out
these things are so what are these
thank you loving a thing for real yeah
they're like wine boxes see that
minecraft things they come in box like
that
this is Joey that is very bougie but
this is like very creepy this is my
brand that's like the creeper room and I
love it
