oh good morning guys oh my goodness okay
sorry how much can't see last night I
think that's the last vlog I did was I'm
already have seen and um thank you so
much I was so hungry for it um when I'm
wearing to dance because I ate so much
KFC last night I need to really really
put my on to dancing today so I can
sweat it off like back in high school
when I see gym gym gym classes um I I
would always just like half-ass
everything but he didn't want to sweat
because you know you had basically
change back into your clothes and I had
no time to shower it if you did it was
like why would you want to shower and
like a brochure where everyone's like
Nikki CR and I don't know - my mom's
like just don't shower after gym because
yeah she'll only get like athlete's foot
or I don't know whatever you can get in
showers I don't know so I just never
really use public showers so it's just
like I don't know the gym I just always
have asked it and I was like whatever I
don't know what the point of that has to
do with this other than I just don't
have a said anymore like when I workout
I'm like okay I'm ready to sweat my butt
off and I love it so much and I feel
just so much better and um it's fun like
I have so much fun learning dances like
I have so much fun it's like
I guess because when we first started
dancing it was um you know for the music
video because he was gonna teach me like
the dances for the video and I kind of
like resisted it and bought it at first
like I'm not a good dancer like I always
feel awkward in videos and ID on sand
which is no he's in the case I used to
love dancing when I was in high school I
was like on dance team and cheerleading
all that stuff so I don't know with my
music videos I just always felt a little
awkward dancing but I think it all has
to do with like dancers and like you
know who you're working with and who's
teaching you and stuff because no
certain teachers I just bring out
something differently than other
teachers even I mean a non-stem gioconda
bullish on like I just I just really
love doing it and it's just a lot a lot
of fun and it's like no pressure and if
I look stupid he doesn't care and he's
just like you know it's just fun um and
that's what I'm excited about
so I do have my I look like I'm actually
going on a safari I just caught a
glimpse of myself in my in my camera my
did you see both good stuff stop I'm
sorry my shirt my all I need is love and
chocolate cutie okay I better keep going
cuz before like what the heck is she
doing
no one's when I meet but this person was
like doing something weird um but I
really have fun dancing I really really
enjoy it I know I de project I bought it
a lot when I walk and go dancing but I
really like it it's really fun so we're
doing that and um
I have to edit so many videos we filled
a buncha yesterday actually I did have a
nighttime routine after we have seating
I don't know I kind of just felt like
filming and I don't really have proper
lighting to film at night like a
sit-down video so it's like what can I
do at night
so the Mook bong was a good one because
you know I usually do them at night
auntie was make me dinners and then the
nighttime act I have routine I filmed so
it's just great because I've been at
meeting to do routine videos like legit
forever so I have adjusted be proud
Anshu by the way I Justin Bieber best
Justin Bieber it out
I don't know you know I think at the
whole world has become a belieber as of
recently like I you know what kicked it
out for me is I saw him on the James
Corden show during the community our
pool karaoke and I watched second one
first cuz they did - I don't watch that
one first and I just thought he was so
funny and like I think he's really
likable and I just I didn't really know
much about it and aside from that I
really liked the songs they were singing
and I didn't know they were his songs
and I just like these are really really
good it's his newer staff like I don't I
don't like his you know older stuff
because he was like young and I feel
like I don't know like the baby song I'm
just like a cute song but like I just
would never listen to it like on my own
but like his new stuff I just mmm
obsessed with ilyitch like loved him so
much
so anyways so I'm like obsessed with
Justin Bieber because deal
I'll have weird obsessions with people
like go in and out of obsessing over
people
so normal doesn't have to sit earlier
which is also growth I just but I was
bringing out so bad I don't it's always
before music videos I break out really
bad because I get really like nervous
not nervous but just not even strapped I
don't know I just feel like that I was
like I'm gonna forget something or miss
something or you know anyways I'm
flapping so now I'm gonna go pick up
Sean and okay hey guys wish on BAM no
using every video you need nothing that
we get something started we just I don't
want to get that and something um we
just finished dancing and oh my god you
guys
you'll pie see the video but it head
this is outfit if I want to claim say is
you think you know but you have no idea
this is the true story I'm Trisha oh
yeah that's it dissipate this um who's
the head of films was he's amazing
yeah so we were dancing and just like we
pull out my iphone we put my blog camera
let's video and I started FN I said let
me call my buddy
and so my video that's on YouTube of me
doing choreography with my friend Cedric
this other choreographer um his buddy
Ricky is a videographer and wait till
you all see it's so good what's in style
Oh Ricky Ricky and his um Ricky typo and
it's yes Instagram is underscore
underscore typo it's sick he does he's
like crazy like visual effects you guys
have to go check him out and he's gonna
come now to like cheat us in the shower
porno style how we kind of how we wash
each other yeah how they come oh yes
yeah I just okay I'm fine idea sorry I
have another idea now I have another yet
sperm ready okay yeah let me hang the
photo so Ricky can say hi because he's
behind us so you can just Center
hi Ricky
was he waving no Ricky is actually
amazing like I don't get I told
Charlotte I don't even press by anybody
of this guy it presses meself now we're
gonna go get Sean car and then we're
gonna go back to my place
BAM I'm looking go Shelby what I'm doing
is we're like shooting in my shower
right now Sean was about to show which
it really can't solve it hmm
and there's our Keita hey Ricky he's
underscore underscore typo fouled on
Instagram he's shooting us in the shower
because we're about to have sex in the
shower gonna choreograph slightly turn
it off yeah that's a real fashion thing
I've ever seen in my life
stop stop I'm hot on my parents I'd
motion deck Florida it's New Years Eve
because the guy was dating with me to
empty it and never came back up it it
never cleaned up never cleaned up the
sugar they put out I hope she and he
having it that cool or two for the party
and I'm like I can't cuz I'm not gonna
get lumpy yet look at that fucking tape
airship
fingering myself now someone I had to
film it oh yeah everything's Ross I am I
put the stuff away in the garage and be
clean I love you if you lower this thing
went off I am for those because I was
saying that for a week but no it's been
this is Uzi babe it's been there like
three weeks yeah look at my shirt yeah
one for us
you say post mates mmm
post mates you want to pose me something
mmm-hmm legs Richard uh-huh boom we just
film stuff in the shower together
we didn't that wasn't my dream maybe the
video being in the turtle turtle it's my
bird
oh no it's my birthday
why are you doing this your head you're
so you're so young we just put on gold
we put on gold moisturizer and you look
so young now do you mean ah we just put
it on face lotion and we're trying to
look young but do you mean look at what
I'm wearing wedding
oh my god mom I love your hair but what
do you mean everywhere in your bald or
something look how good my boy just you
know it looks good I think it looks
amazing I think you look 12 he's 16
years old today it's his birthday it's
12:30 so we're turning the first hours
of our birthday together
yeah we're 17 I don't know what do you
mean birthday Thank You Jesse
we had a shot we had a birthday shot I
had a birthday shot she wouldn't take
one husband you drinking so many you
drink a shot for me so I'm tequila in
and up and I'm gonna throw up throw up
so I'm gonna throw up yeah look you look
so cute hat birthday happy birthday
happy birthday to you it's my favorite
person in the whole world look at that
clash Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
