I'm on mission get some KFC because I
have not recorded and bong in a while
you do wait why does not focus why does
it do that really camera really can
that is this camera is amazing but it
sucks with the focusing like it just it
just automatically goes out of focus
like what anyways I've done
really
okay when I'm wrong and I feel like this
is not gonna let me belong I think it's
gonna be blurry enough to keep my eyes
on the road if once I get past this
traffic if you hear my direction thing
going off it's just I didn't know that
oh okay hello so far so good
so I had the busiest day like literally
the busiest day ever and I blogged a
little bit like literally not it um all
good it's fine I don't know why it up
blog because I had my vlogging camera
with me just you know wasn't thinking
it happens uh so I'm thinking now
because I got home and I was like okay
what should you church what do you want
to do say um I was like gonna work on my
book I'm gonna edit gonna make film and
I'm really really hungry so yeah always
double time then I was doing YouTube
brain here I was just like why am I eat
on camera because I don't eat what
tonight and I'm as well eat with y'all
and you don't have anyone to eat with
tonight this is Luke Bon Jovi on my main
channel this is my vlogging channel so
no move on here it's exclusive which is
kind of funny that I have a go main
channel in this channel it's good to
keep the vlog separate but I always say
that's like my main channel is like my
good videos ah but this this channel is
like just as popular sometimes even more
popular so I don't really know why I say
wow this hold up though I don't know why
I say main channel but you know I like
to keep the vlog separate but like I
said the swapping channel seems to be
even more more popular maybe I'm people
seem to like the vlogs
the real it's the real deal the real
dish with cherish and no but yeah I do
put just up today I kind of just like
ran around a bunch of stuff and I was
like actually cute for once and even one
when I get cute hahaha margit cute I
like literally plan to so much to do
that day because I'm like okay I meet
with with this person and and I'm I hold
up is real
you know I gotta meet with this person
and this poom
getting on the 101 the worst traffic
it's really bad for me I don't know why
I thought this guy dancing oh I'm gonna
like go out I'm not gonna post me it's
like lazy cuz I was home home when I was
like oh you know it's just wasn't I know
it ladies always the money I'll just go
out and drive it took me probably my
doing I'm just gonna go get it some idea
um but I did a lot and then I hung out
Shawn came over in hung out for a while
and we filmed some videos I can never
get him to like he gets so nervous to
like film videos but yesterday in the
music video um all right well I think I
see that if I ate probably a couple days
in between but it was yesterday the
music as I'm filming this now um you
know he pushed me on my comfort zone by
doing so much dancing like I love
dancing and I think I'm like okay at it
but when you get in front of like
professional dancers and like there's
like I'm thrown a crowd of people
watching like it's it's intimidating
when it's all dancing like no singing no
acting you can't rely on like quirky
like looks and it was really it was
really anyways as a point nothing but
the point is I really wanted to do
YouTube because he really likes it I
know I know he secretly likes it he's
getting more comfortable like when I
vlog around him like he definitely
anymore confronted in blog shape but
he's getting more comfortable and he's
just such a good personality like um I
know pie looks to people like on the
outside like I try and get all my
friends into YouTube um not the case one
if I have friends or family like my
brother you know my brother don't like
me on camera and he's not the kind of
person to do this kind of stuff so I
don't push it you know anything I'm like
oh you should do you know what I mean or
a couple friends I really don't I talk
about but I don't really push it and
like Jeff for instance like
he hasn't loved being on camera but
since he was staying with me for so long
it was kinda like well you know I blog
every day like it's a weird if you're
like not in this and I'm like just
referring to the person who lives
downstairs and then people are like who
is she talking to she's like a crazy
person like no one's that we never see
her with anyone it's hard when you're
youtuber I suppose for that because not
everybody wants to be on YouTube I get
and not every should be on YouTube I get
but Sean is such a good personality like
people here I have such good
personalities and they're so funny I
just want people to see what I see and I
know some people are like oh my god he's
on your like channel a waitress was like
channel every day and I was just like
you know I see him a lot he's like a
huge part of my life in so many levels
and just like good like just a great
great person obviously he's hot
obviously he's talented and I just
really really love him okay girl I got
you oh my gosh why just applies the
fresh eyelash glue when I was on my way
um he's just like a age is a great
spiritual guide person
blubber best friend whatever you want to
call him like he's just amazing like I
don't you know I I don't put labels on
on things at all you know and on every
single picture everyone always asks are
they really dating as our arguments are
not dating they're just friends it's
obviously a joke she's a boyfriend tag
with drew like they're not dating so
there's a big discrepancy n are we
really dating and I just you know it's
it's such a it's so funny because even
my real life friends ask me this right
and dating what would you you know what
do you define as dating you know you
know I think dating right is you know
going out to dinners movies hanging out
a night and it's like kind of in a way I
feel like I'm dating all my friends so
you know it's like the oceans are the
boyfriend river they're not dating I
mean did it was I know we got to eat you
know I don't know I just it just depends
on what your definition of dating is um
you know are we you know
we hang out a lot we're like really
disclose we're just close we have a
connection that is really hard to
explain to people but all I do know that
I'll let you know and I and I will say
this is the he makes me happy
he makes me happy and that's what I know
and that's like all I care about and I
feel like that's all you guy should care
about is like I'm really really happy
around him and you know I think that's
that's the most important thing and this
is going out of focus this camera
because it's Dargo I hunted Vineland
Avenue towards TN 134 East but like I
said I've logged my everyday life and I
just so happen to have him in my real
life I mean my vlogs before were just me
because like you know if I have all
friends or something like that but I
mean he's a huge part of my life and I
just love him and I just love everything
we did together and the energy he brings
out and the things he brings out in me
it's just it's just really hard to
explain I think in a situation you know
and it's like like I said what is what
is dating you know I consider myself
single until I'm you know engage him
maybe I shouldn't I don't know I don't I
don't know or like even married because
you know any thought paperwork and it's
like single married divorced widowed or
something like that like you know I
consider myself because that's what I
marked down in the whole checkbox I'm
not married no so yeah I like boys I
like boys I like cute boys and you got a
penis on you you know probably gonna be
sexually attracted to you and that goes
for pretty much everyone in my life I
mean I like I don't know I just find you
but here's the thing here's the problem
adding having all my friends attractive
but I know my friends look very
different I just find well like pretty
much everybody attractive I don't cuz
there's I don't I don't have it I don't
have a tight like when I always say my
celebrity crushes they're just so vastly
different you know I love me a good
Channing Tatum Mark Wahlberg don't I
love them but like people were talking
like Paul Giamatti Quentin Tarantino
Michael Jackson you know Elvis Donny
Osmond like Alan Cumming you know like I
just I have such a such a you know or if
you look at anyone I've dated you know
in the past um you know I just there's a
website I don't know how people update
it to be honest but it's but we're I
randomly found it it's called who's
Dated Hill it's kind of like a mmm my
kind of a like who celebrities have data
I'm like on there with my own page it's
like so weird it's like weird
so I went to my page to see it lately
people put down people that I've talked
about that I've gone out with whatever
and oh yeah that's a funny I I was
looking at the people I was like look
I've been linked to because you know if
I talk about them or whatever and they
are just so vastly different and like
seeing it like laid out in like a
website where like shows them back you
know bright actual each other I'll say I
don't have a tight because I find so
many people attractive um you know and
shinzo everyone's a co shown so young
and like I think he's actually
good-looking ain't no but it's like yes
he's the stereotypical good-looking guy
and I normally don't go for that but
turn left on to later ship Boulevard
they turn left on so you made it
straight you know but what ass I don't
even know what I'm talking about but you
know for that question just know that
we're happy and we're hanging and I feel
like that that's like you know no labels
necessary um yeah I don't even know
where I'm at this point where is this
like turn oh it's up
I don't know if that's like Roshan um
but yeah anyways I just wanted to chat
with you guys have a little car of a
luggage if you will a little other girl
grub oh I didn't know too bad a shape it
was gonna be really really dark but it's
kind of like living for this car lady
this top is everything is from Boston
Proper is giving me so many boobs right
now hahaha
someone's boobs you guys um I Oh can I
also say though um I do thank you all
for being so like just perspective and
you know I feel I just I do appreciate
that like it's very cool and I hear this
from like a lot of people companies just
know people have tagged or you know
companies I've worked with they're like
you have some of the most loyal you know
subscribers followers whatever which is
a huge compliment because we may not be
the biggest army out there on social
media but we're the fishies and we're
fishy strong and my fishies like have me
back like with everything even when I
make like ramen and I know I should
maybe maybe not rant so much you know
because you all are just watch out for
me boring me grant videos you know y'all
got me back on there to seven miles the
destination is on your right
and I just I don't know like it I think
it's all just very very see I don't know
how I got so lucky and why I meet you
guys in person it's just very very cool
this is just you know I think all the
time and I feel like I can't say enough
is just very gratifying feeling to know
that I have like people have my bag
because when the whole thing was my car
and like you know my last guy was like
eating when that all went to shit you
know I really felt like I had no one
like I just feel like I couldn't open it
up enough to my family or I feel like
they think I complain too much which I
you know what I do complain too much
like I do but it's like it's me as my
personality I'm a complainer a little
baby which is another reason why I love
Shaun because I complain and I throw
temper tantrums and he just has a really
great way of bringing anthem he's
related astrology's I feel like he's
like mind controlling me with astrology
because he knows everything and how to
get me out of my moods which I don't
know how he does it because I'm ready to
hold grudges I'm ready to be like I'm
never talking to this person again but
mm-hmm
just something that speaking out friends
with him is Shane and drew a lot people
like you don't hang out Shandra anymore
and miss them so much but they're busy
Shane just did his book cover
Drew's always going out for shit stuff
isn't shit I know it's all shit school
stuff um you know and at Daniel prayed a
shout out testing today and he sent this
link a video of commentating on my own
video in one of my blogs where I'm a
morning at Wendy's and you see my tracks
and like those tracks now and that
random hundred dollar bill that which
made me feel so happy that they watched
my video so hey guys if you watch it cuz
I watch theirs but like I don't know you
just think like something you know you
watch all of you but like they don't
watch my stupid videos you know what I
mean so shout out and it made me really
happy and I really miss them too and I
actually think I'm going to be seeing
um then humina Thursday there's this
also Sean's birthday yeah I think he
might be going to like a club I feel
like he celebrates his birthdays in
clubs and I haven't even a club person I
don't care mom what I just don't like
going to club so I'm like I'm gonna go
to club so I gotta figure out scheduling
with all that but I totally miss my
friend so just don't think like oh she's
got a new person in her life she's like
excluding everyone I was like no they're
busy and I'm not and um yeah anyways I
just I just want more friends I love
friends you guys no joke I'm like
seriously like lost I went to wall I
went to one caste it was it was like
actually closed down I could see it was
up but like the lights weren't on those
like actually closed down time to
another KFC so hopefully this move bombs
worth it I know I'm starving so I feel
like I'm gonna just be chowing down on
it but I think I can have a loop bong in
this car I'm someone green
Taco Bell yum yum donuts Oh turn left
onto the world Canyon but yeah I'm like
deep in the valley trying to fight over
can can see I want the food I want an
adventure um yeah this is like I just
realized I've been talking for a really
long time and night I think about when I
edit it sometimes and I add a carve
osmocon I talk too much in the car and
then I just did it again
so I end this vlog maybe I mean I'm just
gonna go home and feel like a little
long
actually you know what I might go on my
type routine to tonight hmm I really
need you I should actually tonight I'm
feeling it I won't say a I'll feel
really motivated I feel like I just need
to do more videos for my channel I feel
like I've been kind of slacking on my
main channel so I have two more videos
but I mean this channel I've been doing
pretty good at keeping up with thank God
you know I love it I'm like so used to
editing blogs now I like a quicker pace
it's just easier to keep up with rather
than like saving them and storing them
but for your sake em I said out on the
car vlog here or should we should we on
the car back when I get antsy I feel
like that's where the adventure will
really really end when we reach our
destination thanks Siri
oh gosh and Rainier Oh
Popeyes Chicken though in half a mile
turn right onto Riverside Drive okay if
I can't find this can see there's a ball
by this chicken I was just craving
Popeyes Chicken I shoot you down I love
my wife I love it so much I always
saying this X boy you're mine I want to
eat it because we eat there literally
every single day um it just I own I
think I Maddie was in a boyfriend and we
like literally dated for like months
like a month maybe reckon sitters had a
boyfriend of my on no I don't consider
trying to consider someone my boyfriend
I don't know what boyfriend is anymore
it was just this way I'm so
we ever find it
I don't know if this is a drive-through
too because I had to go am a big ol
titties out at a camp seen a Rimes
oh there's no kids here I'm gonna cry
okay I'm pulling over what the ha where
is this KFC Oh me on bail
guys guys guys oh shit ha ha ha mr.
drive-thru super ox hmm
guys I found KFC literally don't ever
use the around me out but I always I was
the cool shit
it literally took me to five KFC's that
did not exist so this must have been
like businesses that are obviously just
called KFC one was an actual KFC it was
just down this under here now i got this
tune have a i'm dressing
this is a ghetto neighborhood I know cuz
he used to strip around here not the
Godfather's one the different strip club
all right so cool guys so I mean what to
get
I'm starving I'm starving it literally
okay I wanna make clear what hit me like
an hour to get this game so you have no
idea how deep I am at how far away I am
from home because I know how I am and
I'm fucking cold in here sugar a jacket
what are you gonna do
areas like Stoke Adam and I made it to
KSC so journey complete I don't know
what else we talked about but I hope you
guys enjoy this blog because I literally
was driving around for another like 45
minutes after Anna that last blog
because I was defeated but he doesn't
mention you're really craving something
like you just you just mean it you just
need it or is that just me it's like
okay badass overhere I just really need
you just crazy something I should have
posed me it's got this shit this is why
I can't I can't do it mm-hmm and now
there's a hold up as I get your chicken
get that Khosla mashed potatoes and get
your ass a little bit because you want
to eat only got like seriously how many
fucking nameste I love you guys and I
might see you soon or I might not
who knows
