Oh oh my gosh nice doesn't even know
this morning I've been having oh wait so
it is a Sunday tomorrow we started
shooting it like 6 a.m. and basically I
overnight it a bunch of stuff that like
I really needed like dance bras because
I'm dancing a lot and I was like oh
shoot I can't wear my normal bras
because my boobs are gonna pop out
because my normal is don't really fit me
that well like I needed that I needed
actual like I needed a couple options of
shoes for the last dance that we're
doing like me and um just like waving hi
um I'm a back of their car tiny like
dance trees if it's like finally answer
doing it which I also order like a speed
rush on like a Monday and they think
still have they still in coming she had
a bunch of boxes at my house I thought
oh for sure one of those boxes are gonna
be all the things that needed yeah
so basically went out like double
everything which is fine because I love
dancing and everything I'm gonna come
well I you know I'm gonna continue to
dance for a while because I love doing
it but uh didn't comment I was like
freaking out so anyone else ever in this
predicament where you're shooting a
music video in less than 12 hours and
you're just like I need something now
and you can't overnight it okay and
you're in LA there's a Thai dance stores
there's like you know there's yeah
there's dance stores for like you know
dance rehearsal stuff and there's dance
stores for him um you know dance
performance and then there's a specialty
shoe stores for Kate just for dance
shoes um so there's like a bunch of
those and and I had them all run down I
was so lucky the first one I went to had
everything and my better is what does I
agree awesome okay guys I'm not gonna be
vlogging that my shame they had
everything is called Shelley's it's on
it's in Westwood it's it on Westwood
Boulevard and it's the most amazing
thing ever I can't lay idea more I catch
heard from Cameron yesterday a senior
hmm cuz I'm gonna go meet Shawn hunt
Highland to help with the rest of the
shopping for the masses of people like
we really are like doing this like
last-minute cutting it close
why should I tell them when this is
gonna be a lot to get around Horschel
I'm gonna get done because he gets
everything done but at the same time
stressful a lot so I'm gonna go help him
with that now but Shelley's I actually
met Shelley the owner she's so sweet
her daughter chunk me on her daughter
works in digital and social media houses
like I work in digital and social media
and we might hit it off and she was
wonderful and I gave her my card because
she was awesome
but Shelley's in Westwood has literally
everything to had the best Yelp reviews
it's why I chose to go there first I
think that the biggest lesson but they
have performance outfits they have
Halloween costumes they have like
cheerleader outfits they have dance
shoes they have undergarments I got
socks there I got the whole nine and I
got it for like five hundred bucks and I
got a lot I got like two pairs of dance
shoes and um I'm like leotards and like
like rube holders and like bras and she
was very helpful and wonderful um so
anyways shout outs not and that's my day
and yes I'm wearing the same things I'm
working on screen cuz why not yeah you
haven't seen my new camera new year okay
everyone everyone everyone good - ah hey
Suzanne - did Khloe Kardashian slam on
New Year's Eve and they're doing my god
but dad still do me after like a
Kardashian like Jim they're like all
blowing up I was like oh my I'm so proud
of them and they're like my crew I love
it and I'm gonna start YouTube chat
while they have you today on they don't
do it but hash this at their address so
we're sitting there snapchat that we're
all gonna snapchat and yeah they want a
playground guys okay like our like looks
like with our set up but we're in the
playground and there's our Tea Party
and there's our playground there's all
the crew over there yeah you like that
music
yes you guys can be like the burnouts
but with your life saying yeah yeah
you're messin with those Cowboys the
cowboy I love it yeah its socio like
living for it and Shawn's ah yes I'm
gonna show that that's me I want to get
that done usually I'm gonna dine it to
everything yeah it's really really cute
I get it done for one your music video
guys I have like I have one inside by
like in as a whole I'm sure like yeah
it's like very Bollywood it's like I'll
tell you guys about that but yeah and
then there's all these people here that
are not specifically babies in their
hair we're just like trying to figure
out our website everywhere it was
filming yeah yeah well I'll he's always
supposed to do that because like all
these before like it was shot and like
like going to go and they'd be gone
because like we have a permit and like
riding is the sound of the basketball
yeah that's gonna pick up yeah generally
oh my gosh
don't smoke if you want to be blue Bobby
that's not my line though this is our
Tea Party set up I played it I told them
you did this whole video produced it all
kind of killing it right we're kind of
killer they're not gonna lie with our
bar being everyone
let me show you the Danes in my toy
chest and played
getting cut out Oh
the glans gorgeous and this good
lighting great Ashleigh shootings with
her everywhere hi guys
I love come on I I got it from stellar
ring lights it's a 12 hi guys it's
amazing
yeah Cody's got a hottie to use it but I
don't I'm just trying to help you see
your lighters he is living up there look
so cute Lily lashes mikonos
you know and I actually do have a code
for that if you want to save some my
gosh age did glam it's so bomb that it
actually won an award so yeah first
professional competition yeah you
literally just pick that up from the box
yes yeah bad actions Oh buddy oh my god
and I you I love you baby but we're
gonna be filming in this gym in like a
second I don't know where Shawn is that
lip though he's in here because I'm Dean
Chalmers this time fucking Britney
Spears obey the baby
yeah well that's it look oh my gosh wait
the choreographer it one of the
Christmas um like a me dancer for
Britney he was the one I like it out
with her and had sex on the bed with her
and took everything so are we going yeah
okay I was on top of my game to be like
are we going yeah so this is our
creation center it's kind of gloomy out
which I love ooh oh I wish I should see
the makeup in this lighting this
lighting is really good for this makeup
um let's lose oh nice and since that is
just what
hey baby boom this I loved it we're
gonna be forming over here bleachers
mm-hmm this is all my own wardrobe you
guys even I didn't buy it special for
the video I just had it I have my guests
top my plaid skirt and my pink sweater
and just yeah jump I don't know what
kind of everything and then we go over
here see y'all hey crown right there
really real pretty yeah we're gonna
finish up the bus yes
humming humming doing my bit feed my cat
doll real-life Barbie head and I feel
like we're in a problem look at us like
fucking with him he's literally can't
smell we knew we were meant to be
you're the Ken to my Barbie that's a
wrap this immensity can divide Barbie I
having fun are you having fun I'm having
so much fun so bad I'm not a dancer
bull shit I know I here's a fool aren't
you do we get it meow
Melanie's dolls are wrong
yes ready okay so we're going we're
going is happening right now and now
we're going and there is a Tim Tim olive
oil baby yeah one of the right welcome
to love him everything you love there
you have a good house hang out your song
your baby coming back yeah I know right
yeah all right we're gonna go shoot now
guys - boom BAM I'm training you okay up
off the bus okay should we follow them
just following them off
yeah we will yeah
whether that is kind of everything
that's every year three right next as
much as you can really keep that when
you jump sides and you do have got back
to the boys as much as you can cause
that better yeah boom boom
ah fit huh there is this yeah okay clean
clean clean
I got Melanie did you dance for Beyonce
is that what you did I did what was it
for what was the Beyonce thing you did
cuz I was like telling them I was like
oh my crimes are so good there's a wuji
what was it did you do the twirl and yes
I did her Dangerously in Love Tour oh my
gosh Destiny's Child Destiny Fulfilled
and loving it really oh my gosh you did
like everything that's hiding I'm by you
guys I said leo and like the Britney
Spears sexualized make any of this so
good there's some of the choreographers
on this it's like so close hold on even
who else on this video what are we doing
I don't know we're doing it sorry was
way it was for usual driving and I think
you got oh my gosh you guys I came back
and they all organized Michael isn't so
Q it's like back to school all pink pink
pink pink slutty pink this is like
crappy pink this is glam pink this is
slutty pink and you're not here yet
freshman year versus senior year back to
that just cool hair want some hair yeah
I gotta get that Bellamy here
because fresh which is a code trash and
then we got pee sneakers
this is so cute you guys made this up
like a little wardrobe room I think bras
even it's adorable I love it I die and
then they're set out well look at you
with your sunglasses I like hey yeah I
would baby that I forgot yeah it's put
them on Oh
look could you imagine if you guys just
a hair and makeup like that like we're
here just wear sunny as well be glam
guys you look so legit I love it
everyone's a dancer now we're all
dancing oh I'm very look like that art
okay I'm trying to do my my fence
trapping it sucks my bedroom spot I get
really nervous
so I get like done but you're gonna hi I
should know these words to em here I did
it okay I I like it a song so fun um
mMmmm hey hey ban will kill you they're
coming at you a super some speed some of
the duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human
what I gotta do to get it or do you want
to be hewn innovative and I'm a rose or
anything sales actually nothing I love
you I've never seen anyone never won
demonstrating how to give a motherfuckin
to feeling because I've seen everything
and Raeleen is a pair of wings I didn't
see that fell asleep done because they
know they want to get em motivated I
make elevating music you make elevator
music I wish you mainstream what you
think you day exactly confuse it it's
not hip hop it's pop secondo how many
fuse it with rock shock rap with a
strong stomach lose it I don't make
sounds like that I've nowhere to use let
me know when to curse you lump reading
with you verses that versus you turns I
mean everything you hurtin you have
mercy on where did you put that you grab
this on busca style
Busta Rhymes you better you better drop
a bus to beat because she can do that
bust of I'm region you're walking down a
horror corridor it's almost 4:00 in the
morning and you're in a nightmare it's
horrible right there's the corner
waiting for you to turn the corner so he
can go under here you're gone and he's
on to get out of the corner of his
cornea he just saw you run all you want
to surpress cuz you can't run anymore
get done oh he wants us to kill you in
front of an audience while everybody is
watching the party applaud and if you
rest it will one pot and deep by to get
contemplating my next plot against well
like a lot of pen well I'm not
Ottoman never mad and old mount the
float Bob let's take a finger on the
bottom a check out all the wake up
making at McDonald's but all over me
dead bodies behind the counter shit
guess I must've blacked out start again
not again and yam in the morning face
yeah yeah the truth about to get it
y'all oh shit
there she is there she goes
and there she is again plan there's
Donna she's real good
yeah it's Trish she mama fishy serving
fuck is it late yeah no they don't want
to get that ha ha underneath a goal
you're like should I bring it out yeah
hold on look at them children do you
feel oh do you see little Trish over
there oh there's the fed up
oh where are they going there's
everybody in here a good angle and scene
ha ha ha hi guys we are on to second
looks which is actually not that long in
the video take a short part but I'm a
glamazon point so how - I got my Trish
fish 88 my little pink spandex and
beautiful lips it's all good
I thought the little Barbie I was
cracking me up today
oh thanks oh look at your there babe
your oh oh
we are you not what you're gonna wear
your hair down right the last time I'm
gonna wear down we'll have a ball wait
what's the urban Empire website we
didn't uh get what is that big deal with
all these clothes what is it called
urban empire gear.com I'm for everybody
oh my god you're the worst barillo no
idea okay we'll find out we get below
okay we will be Empire someone though
okay well it's urban Empire Oh check it
out okay you're the work they literally
outfit all of us I'll find it and I'll
put a bullet because they like gave all
the kids clothes all of our clothes so
check them out and check out angel and
hey Zeus - mama asked you she's the mom
today on the south hahahaha your hair is
not mom anymore so people are like left
o mean not anymore no one I'm done hit
mom a young hip mom that's her that's
mean and what if she's like you guys I
actually am pregnant
oh I quit is I uh I'm everything living
for it so yeah took a clown
yeah
to
Hey fatherfather privacy
Oh
yeah hey guys I hope you enjoyed this
behind-the-scenes look of our new music
video playground it is out now I will
link it below it'll be the first link in
the description box as well as the song
it's available now on iTunes please go
buy it and support it so we can do more
music and more music videos for you guys
be sure to follow everyone in this video
including hair makeup cast and crew it
was such an amazing experience full of
talented people and I am just so blessed
and honored
so check out playground now and thank
you guys so much for watching as always
I want to say hi to Rick Moranis and
until next time here are my kissies for
my little baby fishies mmm bye guys
