I want that one - I think my mom take a
photo shoot of me I'm trying to recreate
a Kim Kardashian big pond here but my
leggings are a little shiny and I a
little slippery so mom this is your room
your double duty you got to hold this
but focus more on the picture than the
video how do I do this one no no it's
going it's already recording no you're
asking a picture I got it just hold it
oh okay hold it oh gee you think I'm
talented okay this is like an accident
waiting to happen
okay you want to push no it's just that
I'm sliding yes you are you'd have to
grip the windshield wipers or something
it's my lady are you gonna get down if
you get up okay that's sexy no I'm
taking your video picture my camera
trying this no take a picture we cameras
you know but just take a picture not
don't worry about the video okay that's
that's very sexy okay okay
we will try this when I get some tracks
out I probably that was available
overlays yeah because I wasn't clipping
it I was fine but I was lighting so okay
we boat went by here comes a party boat
now
whoa for salt let me show you my mom ski
outfit so the team Trish that got us
note this is a beautiful picture because
there's like green behind you know in
ubud review here give me anything
yeah that was a sexy as a sexy fail huh
yeah I'll take picture of you up mine my
mom's gonna try it if she does this and
I can't I'm getting up there
she's got liking young so - first of all
wait what how how how are you doing that
oh that's why I wanted you she did this
wall
oh wait how are you doing that not
sliding off show your neck a little more
like get your neck up a little bit yeah
there but stretch it out stretch it out
further well now you look dad prop it up
with that hand yeah hold it with that
hand perfect home on purse purse let me
try it without a flash roll paper
look at my mom doing this and I can't oh
man
okay I got try it come here here you a
help you how do I cut you know a yard
alright how did you know how to operate
here try it with me time yeah well just
kind of get up there and hang upon to
the light and push yourself get on the
wheel at all yeah good you have to get
your foot on the wheel and just go for
it just slide your body down am I still
recording
yeah you just kind of throw yourself
down now don't try and get up just lay
down
you do okay
how's my body look great are you sure
here let me go this angle
I hope it's bright enough turn the flash
on I don't know how shit shit shit
okay it's on okay I can light it to be
done all right
how's the body it's good what should you
different
now I get you from an angle yeah I'm
going coming up you're once you may not
get down oh my god look like it's good I
think everything's flashing I have
another pose okay okay we're not for
your shirt down now that I'm king of the
world
oh yeah
in the box of recording yeah okay all
right all right
oh my god hold its ground in the wand no
ask my mom like mom if she think my car
can hold she's like what I'm trying to
get a whole bunch of people on it I get
a mom they look good I think these
pictures they're gonna look bad
no quad as good as mine do you see yours
I'll show you in the car this is a fun
night Oh living okay no I'm gonna go
look at him now let's look at them in
the car I didn't realize I thought those
gonna be a sailboat I did it
hey thanks mom for showing me how
