in Beverly Hills sake wanna get this
hair done my ear is so bad and I just
ate an Egg McMuffin yeah today's before
she did it hitting look and would
normally never do but I'm hung over a F
so I'm gonna go get this hair done and I
mean Shawn there because well Shawn was
late but then I went to go get food so I
know I'm laying on he's money for me so
that's how this morning starting get my
hair done my eyes are burning with
bleach but I'm sure
five extra
you really wanted to pictures like this
and Mohammad note Shawn Thomas is here
so crazy I know you know everybody you
know me yeah my haircut I love it I love
my hair so bad
I love it oh my god what's your
Instagram
mo
mo Yeon's for hair that's a good one
that's a good Instagram I'm gonna go
look you up
you guys not a prank not just a favor
i legit wanted to get a picture of him
and his girlfriend or 6000 vibrations my
hair is them after 5 hours but it looks
good mojo bitch better have my mmm bitch
better have my money pay me what you owe
me
um you can see don't worry my windows
are tinted
oh well he could see cuz he's thinking
straight and you need help him I need to
hold him but I think he's gonna pass me
oh my god for those first set up they
need to help you like in five colors
better
good heart yeah thank you - god bless
thank you I don't always tell me to take
god bless well two things
tell me give me any homeless because
that could be Jesus in disguise or Jesus
would want you to help and to say God
bless so they know that God was the
reason they got that blessing and it was
I love giving money but sometimes you
like so far away he was like right there
and I'm like this timing is perfect
well that was fine normally only give it
all I don't have my baller it actually I
mean I know it's like stupid making
people have yeah when they're doing wow
there's all the reverence big you know
breaks my heart to see how they you know
and they don't really do anything about
it like I honestly I wish there is
something I could do you know and I
would love to volunteer but I want to
put these people in homes just fucking
trash you got a big dose of that this
treasure has car is like cutting
basically cutting me off
how about to me and now I'm coming in be
it's a big car like I don't ever say
that anyone's car cos like you know I
never had like the bus cars either but
like that is like just like once Tim
yeah but my car so I can say me um I
just wish there was like
oh my god I hope this reminds me that I
have read somewhere that George Lucas
I'm going to put my own Jersey for the
shoe I have my little urban empire
Jersey that they hooked me up with love
this um
just kissed you were some of that and
then I'm gonna go see what mom where was
I going with all this
oh I heard that mm-hmm he we got still
there I was like creepy I heard that
story George Lucas is like building a
like an affordable living place and it's
like really bougie area right like crazy
I get rid of story where he's like
trying to go studio I'm like all these
bougie people in an area works like
you're not building studio ah but now
he's gonna build like affordable homes
like nice homes but for people who like
really can't afford great places to live
and I'm like that was amazing and I was
like Section eight type people or like
you know at media like you know middle
middle class people I've been both I've
been like basically Section eight at one
point I was middle class growing up you
know I in and of course when you know I
know I think kinda goes my taxes my tax
bracket they're like well
congratulations you're moving on up in
the tax bracket like I don't wanna be
moving on up in the tax bracket I'm
blessed just so everyone knows and
realizes how grateful I am and so
appreciative like I don't sometimes when
I feel self-loathing coming on and I
start trying to read hate comments to
moot myself feel even worse about myself
always happen Billy she doesn't deserve
it I'll just do is fucking like sit
there or whatever it it's like
bitch shut up my rent - Riggins okay
people are honking um I I am resting
like oh I deserve it but I'm really
appreciative whether I deserve it or not
I'm very appreciative and I and I like
every single day of my life every single
day I I literally get on my knees and
like thank God like mold hunt most limes
okay like if I wasn't blogging when I
gave that guy money I would be like
thank you God that I'm able to do that
um oh my god I'm like why am I getting
this emotional a lay something out my
period of me getting emotional maybe I
guess you coming out
I just you know cuz there was a time
when you know I couldn't afford $5 and
I'd have to like it's me that I mean her
there but it's just it's nice that I'm
not only able to have five dollars in my
pocket but be able to get five dollars
just past my place and I'm like you're
too distracted and not distracted but I
just start thinking and blubbering and
blabbering hungry again
oh wait was long as my arm only as long
in this morning when I went to again
don't hope that I was like that for it
looks good too I was one where these
fruit okay today another kind of tangent
not to them but okay this guy's home so
bad cuz I just thought I'm gonna go
bathroom with you all like homeless
people are always
like a lot of times our white grain
Caucasian mi but then AC like these the
Mexicans and you know I talked about
this with you know people have friends
with that are Hispanic and said like
that who are super hard workers and
stuff and they're just like no I got
people are so hard-working like book
will sell fruit and only make like a
penny on the on the orange basically
like they really make like five dollars
a day and they're out there all day
selling fruit and like I don't know how
you spend my $5 a day like I don't know
how they do that but I like admire
they're out there working every Hispanic
person I know and maybe this is like
braces but I think it's racist in a good
way whatever every deaf person I know it
works so freaking hard oh my gosh
hello yeah I'm happy with it took four
fucking hours and I literally just laugh
just laugh and learn on that one I mean
you really kind of are yes do you not
like it no I love that I was like I was
shocked at how blonde it was but I loved
it I loved it I think it's so cute oh my
god you look so good I was gonna be
happier but I was in a pissy mood so I
don't want to seem like I was too happy
because I was pissing everybody so I was
like oh yeah look so but I was like
really excited inside I was like really
giddy it's like oh my god you look so
pretty
hi guys I hope to god this place is open
I just realized
Saturday and these a lot of these places
mmm-hmm what are you sure this is going
to be terrible they're not open because
our shoe is where she was literally one
day they got changed if I said Sunday
before it's gotten changed half of it
mm-hmm I love Sean so much
they kept him up so late last night it's
not fair it was fun
let me just happen yep really which was
you know not fun but no about shoe
authority all you other one of these a
playground song good news it was up as
one is Abby Lee dance tour everything
was like basically fits but there's one
thing I was like look it's like a XX a
canal barricade and I like that little
it was like a sports run it was actually
really big it might have been her adult
sports bra but I was like a double movie
laughs it that it was very very big um a
big bus um when I was released one said
that was for summer alone I just said
like Abby Lee Miller and some shitty
fucking crystals like I don't like the
novelty of it I was like oh load up you
really pulled a guy at like funny and
ironic and like stupid you know I'm like
McCool
it was like $200 for a sports bra I like
like the shittiest crystals like I know
crystal work jobs and I was like this is
like not even good for us to work like
what I don't know I was like not about
that life but the good thing was oh I
wouldn't look for Dan Sheehan Theresa
for our video so much but they did I
have my Jersey it was open they did this
in a day turnaround which is amazing it
says Trish fish 88 so I think I'm gonna
be wearing this like I'm 9 percent sure
I'm gonna be wearing this in video there
is like a backup option from the plate
the Jersey that I'm wearing now there's
a couple Jersey version of this at home
that maybe I'll wear depends on what
looks better on camera cuz this is kind
of like a baby pink and the other one is
kind of like a hot pink
so we'll see what one ends up making the
cut of the video way I'm sure I can like
decide
um Pizza Hut looks so good - why race so
hungry I get so hungry before any video
shoots because if I wasn't mozdok
running around doing something I always
like yeah hungry if I'm just like
sitting at home I have no problem just
eating like carrot sticks all day if I'm
not doing shit and like I'm looking at
fluid it's making me hungry today is a
weird day it's like a Saturday but it
doesn't feel like a Saturday I guess to
do so much to do on the weekend in
preparation for the video I love video
shoots so much but this is the first one
I've done without Andrew and without a
production month I'm not sure I didn't
offer teacher Andrew that was so
stressful so I know what Sean going
through because Hopper teacher basically
mean kale produced it and we both knew
nothing about producing a music video so
how we pulled that one up I don't know I
don't even know if we've really pulled
it off because the video you know the
video is like cue it's something like a
homemade project that video compared to
the videos I do now but I love it so
we're off to do the intro for I mean
like that's on its own pretty cool that
I just brag about it so yeah
oh wait Sacre that right yeah yeah I I
actually died a little as I cried a
little inside I cried a little because
but back I'm 27 I can't really go up and
make it like like what you hear stories
I hear think pictures like you know I
think all I wanted removin like it's
healthy but then again I'm like I'm 27
but it's like I love Justin Bieber
I wouldn't like once in a like lifetime
but he'd like always at the montage
Beverly Hills so I'm thinking like
strangling myself I mean always there so
um like I see him but like I want a
picture cuz I were to stare that picture
all day well I was licking my little
clay wrong fake letter ever got a big
lip no I got a big vagina the V but the
actual clip was quite small
case you were wondering what seismic lit
is because sure everybody out there was
wondering that some people thought me
trash here a little too real you know
you say a little too much how can you be
too real
like how real do you really looking
person like that you can't be too real
like I guess there's a thing as like TMI
maybe but like is there I don't think so
the more someone knows about you and
your thoughts and your situations and
how you handle things the more they're
gonna like understand you and
understanding is the key to eliminating
ignorance basically so thank you that
was my my I have a dream speech for you
guys say I have a dream what I honestly
don't even on coming off at this point
but I feel like is to eat forever mama
if you're watching this i dont know
whybut taking a long-ass time to get
down to you today i thought it was like
pretty close to perception for area copy
and I need gas and I don't have shot you
to pump it to you get so spoiled with
him bring me boob put my gas what where
does it go
what more
okay let's see if I can find out we're
going okay guys we doesn't have kept
shanks but I've had to bring you guys in
so play my mom she knows what's up team
Trish I love how you like slow down to
like go back in the video guide back it
up Rick matching when we get written in
our car wash I'm gonna watch this we get
our pick up take your hands if he's
doing with our pecan but my arms bored
you today by the way I can't I just say
you look gorgeous
everyone misses her video Stacy Brooke I
saw your tweet to my mom my mom Stacy
Sweden do you need you making videos I
know I wish I get to Texas
yeah no it is I get it I get it
that's a video right there then mom
we're gonna go see sisters cuz we're
sisters dammit
we're basically sisters how'd you even
start off no right here I see it I can
blog and launch at the same time and the
people up the carwash to have a new car
wash system here and there's tonight and
so cute when I was like wait you guys
knew he's like yeah we just are yeah
yeah we might be taking well what will
definitely be going Shaun hit that the
hook up because he used to be a
Chippendales oh yeah I know so I find it
we're doing so much coming up goodies we
got nachos Liam popcorn
UPD and we're get some butter here we go
see sisters we were just saying how
terrible that looks how to be single yes
oh my gosh you guys are you seeing this
right now oh my gosh okay we just had to
evacuate the theater the entire theater
handling in the earth higher yeah no it
is terrifying I don't have my white
angle it is here my oh my god
so what's home story so basically we're
like halfway through the movie really
funny part and I was gonna like the
alarms go off and I honestly my initial
reaction was like I was panicked right
away as soon as your arms and off and it
says like security has been breached I
was like what and so we just so weird
yeah it it was like there's gonna be
shooting I thought there was yeah I did
to actually and I feel like there was
something like a threat or something I
thought was just our movie theater but
was everybody was on and then this guy
goes up everybody got to evacuate we're
like oh okay so Trish and I walked bring
in we were just holding hands it was
actually the scary thing I was like
holding my mom's here my mom let's give
up here give me your hands on reenact it
okay and then we were like runny
I'm like mom sure we've run because we
were like we were closest to the exit
poll we're actually kind of far we
actually defer this theater and like you
know I was terrified
like tonight boy now I know it's
actually like that's why we don't want a
Saturday night yeah and that's what I
think anytime I get the Saturday night
we're goal with like
that was weird that was hair hi Ann we
were writing to the carwash chef the
movie right on I said we put all the
theaters and even outside it was you
know like a shopping complex and there
it is a little like ghetto like it's
near like Inglewood and something so
it's like it was a little like not the
best area which is where I suppose was
all time like not number I am I said oh
my god
and we're like running to get our from
our car wash like this money we need to
go and like they make an announcement
like when they say something like and
there's no emergency Hey
or did they say I'm in a mistake or just
knowing there's not an emergency I don't
know they didn't say we made a mistake
but they just said there's no emergency
which yeah make so tell was but the fire
engine trucks hold up yeah it was my
heart was racing so fast like it was no
I needed a shot oh my god me too I don't
know if you went in the car wash and you
almost days to watch another movie I'm
like oh hell no like what does something
good happen and they were just like
kidding but then they come back and
actually do it I was like no I can't
so with my new rims but scary we but
then we say tired hard from the car wash
pristine Oh Christine at a spa they
stopped at Houston Texas
oh yeah and he knew that tissue
especially it was weird
yeah because he's like we would
appreciate a social media shout-out like
this it's a free water doesn't me and
then I'm like honey and he's like we
already are following you that's what he
said she's like were already calling you
my hunch you know who I was and he's
like your mom's jacket but my mom jacket
just says the teen trash
what does I have they knew you because
they were so yeah they were very
friendly and it doesn't say actually
defeat us on there or anything so I was
like how do they know it's just the
figure yeah I guess I was like ah so
anyways we took some pictures I'll see
her down the stage alive to the movie he
knew her
oh my gosh almost no it's terrifying I'm
so scared was I've never had that happen
like I was like your life flesh it
really you know what honestly because I
mean and maybe I would maybe it was
nothing but when that happens everyone's
I can't panic
like it's machine movie theaters because
it happens so often at movie theaters
like what everyone's in a panic like it
was really scary it felt like everyone
was like confused people people were
like running some people were just like
stopped some people look at ladies
behind us as we're leaving they're like
maybe it's safer to stay inside the
theater I'm like maybe it is like but I
thought what if he was in our just our
Thea and that was and that was the
security breaches in our specific
theater and I was like oh my god maybe
there's a gunman in here and I was just
it was really scary and there goes to
show you never know when it'll be honest
if I you should go out every door like
the story was building up like I know
they were at the party with who your
friend John Cena no I'm not my friend
that's how Sigler but no it was John
Cena who's arrested remember Cameron Oh
is he
50 Mexican he's married so that was film
I was so excited and then I was like oh
but anyways that was her night ride
today
yeah that's a pretty other night we
almost died seriously though I would
ease together we would have went I
resting in that - because I'm in court
if it's a bomb threat but then I was
like wait what if it's a shooting and
only one of us gets shot they jump to
the floor though I had were you ready I
was I wasn't ready going in the bathroom
but I move that one it'd be safe either
it's like maybe I should go in the
bathroom yeah let me just hit the ground
first cuz I don't know
you mix alright I think some squeaking
my god that's great
anyways that was IMing party fail
I know oh my god that was just scary on
all levels have you I've never had
anything to be evacuated and when and
when they say for safety for like a
safety breach of security and call
tomorrow and ask mom what's going on
yeah though they should and be like
we're like we were there my daughter's
been said on social media oh my god
Cinemark theatres what's what's the date
mom would think it is this 1616 is it
June 16th Saturday
I think it's 16th I said where's Bato
that I owed over the plate numbers but
supermoto that'll mean it'll be after
anyways that doesn't matter what my mom
said as we were vacuuming in theater get
your camera on case we get shot I was
like mom don't see and I definitely did
not think Magee around like I don't want
to document that thank you very much
but when we were leaving it in our car
with all of those stuff happening there
was ambulance and police officers off
and like there was some something
happening there was actually the
imminence before we even got there did
you see when we first got there there
was the ambulance outside I don't know
suspicious but he didn't if I want to
finish our movie and while I'm with
Harlem what do people like trying to get
a refund I'm like okay there might be
more out of the building
I was not like I'm not worried about the
refund mmm anyways girls nights and
septate or ticket back I'm sure they'll
give us free one sex yeah hang on to
them scare him
