all right I have dance rehearsals later
tonight but it's only 11 o'clock now so
I thought I would eat kinda like my
heavier meal now so excuse me
I'm eating my shrimp tempura sushi rolls
and mine ginger ale
this is like my favorite like meal
because it's like it sits in your
stomach like it fills you up but it's
not like SuperDuper heavy so it's my
lunch
hi guys by night I'm going to committed
I am to the dancing run home before
freezing this is on a Friday night why
I'm bring this I don't know what keeps
me focused now everybody here I think
that's pretty better I felt like I was
like focusing on everyone but me um but
yeah packaging every day to go to do so
that's a real one program when doing
funny crazy so far are you are you part
of the group - oh nice to meet you of
course haha I'm song info' well okay
she's forward about what to do Barbie
and reflective Barbie oh no a Barbie I
like it love you and say no much is so
cool take a picture girl did turn out
okay okay cool
just take me and I'll follow you girls
oh my god la la amazing Wow European I
love the kisses see you later
oh my god I just met all machines and
they were Argentine that it's like
really really plush
more stuff happening Friday night
gossipers tips a super conservative are
for tips
now hang on to your purses when you come
here so I would bring my like sheet
Maryland one because
I've never gotten one Boulevard like
kind of where would happen doing an
acting edition of walking
so I can't basil ah bi you can be part
of
superhero and you only work from tip so
you have to like ask for a donation you
know a lot say in the paper picture but
no just you
so much shits parties the do the scene
at the studio what if he times that we
practice you from the blahs conversation
just kidding
his idea
for them
Soquel International Dance Academy also
join you for watching it but you can't
report on one liter and more stairs in
deepness Adi Hollywood here we go I'm so
sweaty and I'm gonna bout to take a
shower I just got home I got some more
goodies from the mom where persons rumor
is I could help myself
I sell these for something beautiful and
I'm zooming in why my zooming in what
I'm ISM again scoop up just zoom out I'm
gonna take a shower and then John's
coming over Chris we just danced we just
did the Justin Bieber dance on Instagram
because really did follow me on
instagram at repeat us and so on - Tom
ran well because we're pushing against
videos just so you guys know - those
dance videos are made up on the spot
goes on the dancers were rehearsing
rehearsing the dance for the music video
should on Monday - the song playground
that we did together um but that's the
end we just do it for like Instagram you
know and I don't really post on YouTube
one because of copyright but also
they're like short so yeah and I thought
I'd show you guys my other 20 because
everyone was giving me compliments on it
I stole the hoodie from Sean I stole the
shirt from Sean and I was like this like
cool like like encanta see like the
leopard backing is like so cool some
urban empire he loves everybody
so it was Naamah love it - I'm literally
stealing his identity so he's coming
over with food um and I'm gonna shower
and get out of boy clothes but yeah
another good dancer you saw that
lighting is harsh tonight girl damn I'm
like I'm doing me no dresses I just took
a shower Bryant wash my hair so I feel
like my hair's gonna still be like
smelly but we're both getting her hair
done tomorrow cuz we go to the same hair
salon which is so crazy like before we
became like friend friends he's like oh
my god I heard you just left the Kimbo
so I'm like yeah he's like I'm here I'm
here
you're like oh my god so crazy um
anyways we're gonna go to our hair down
tomorrow so I can't really watch it
dries out your hair I wanna show you
guys my netflix and chill' outfit all I
need is love it's crossed out and it has
the chocolate box the bougie is fuck
chuckling and then it says chocolate
crossed it pet eyes and then it has a
little Cupid Trish which I love super
curvy look at that that art art like the
arch of Trish Gavin all great ensemble
tonight
I'm just getting comfy and cozy fun job
that's what we're doing tonight we're
Netflix and chill and - the Netflix he's
bringing over food I'm so excited
terrific guys bring me food this is very
exciting to me I'm very excited so look
all supposedly he's like no I'm bringing
a dinner
Hey yes hey and I got him I got him a
bunch of shirts you actually got like a
bunch people my life here it's not just
my shoe so these are for my like hair
and makeup people and those are for mr.
Sean over here um yeah so I'm gonna wear
like one of a propeller he'd better wear
them Gatorade and this bottle came in
handy it'd fill this up at the
waterfront and I drink like almost all
but I don't taste and see if I drink
like pretty much all of it and then he
has like a so when the silver suit thing
is like crazy so he had like this one he
was in mind but this one looks very
shiny it's kind of costumey so if he
tries to blog it but I liked it I
thought it was very shiny but it might
be like - cheap-looking what - take it
out though look what came food by my hot
delivery guy I tell them you're gonna
get did it oh so nice I said I said
everybody like no guys never brought me
food I just always like let's oppose me
okay but you're like no I'll bring you
food and I told him so calm if this shit
I'm bringing a spoon
oh he's like serving it off the emcee
yeah I'm what do we were bougie
we're bougie on our paper plates it was
the race idea to bring I don't even know
over I'm like I don't even remember I'm
mad at you but now I love get over it
get over it
so I handle should go get over it he's
also posted a video as of right now so I
won't go harass him I'm doing it Monday
are you though yeah posting a video of
me dancing in the shower naked oh my god
we okay yeah like I didn't get casted in
that mm-hmm
look at them you look so hot any guy who
brings you food is a hot guy and we're
having our favorite Japanese food and
you're you're in you would be in anyways
I can get in my vagina not even bring me
food go to thinking videos like ah it's
so obnoxious but I love it are you know
hey you're no model let your shirt to by
the mantra shirt no yes I am we're gonna
eat first and then drink our drink of
any yeah I am model and then strip and
then have sex I know and I'm another
fuck you want Trish do you see this
thing he's amazing oh it's a high no
they're sweet
oh no I don't like that I don't like
that I want these big fatty chickens in
my belly oh that looks so steak could
you say two things
oh my god if you look at me to like pay
you I handle it and blabs
