I got my house as out of control you
guys I try to make that look kind of
clean because I'm gonna do an eating
show okay happy vlogmas guys so today I
really am just like cleaning my house
I'm running a couple errands I'm going
to look for a New Year's Eve dress I'm
still kind of unsure where I was just
reading New Year's Eve I was supposed to
start with somebody
well my family and somebody else in the
Bahamas but I don't know now
so I haven't opened unto ticket I don't
know where I'm gonna be from New Year's
Eve but I do know I want to dress up
whether I'm with my family a best friend
a guy friend whatever the case may be
like I want to look cute and also I just
wanna look you for myself so I'm gonna
have my New Year's Eve dress I have one
getting made we just don't know it's
gonna be finished yet so I'm gonna get
like a backup dress and then I'm gonna
look for underwater camera in there
everything else is just gonna be big
errands around the house I am getting
ready to do a breakfast mcbomb mostly
just cuz I wanted breakfast but yeah
that's what we're doing today and I have
a little bit of stomachache but we're
gonna push through push through that bye
guys made it to trashy lingerie the sort
I'm going to be looking at even before
of Miami Murphy's dress also this is the
cheese fallout room Ricky's literally
going into movie nacho cheese
I was driving by here the other day and
had super few
sparkly dresses like I said I really
want to custom me this store is also
known for Donna
we'll see if everything that fits pokey
thing is sitting Suites it matches my in
the car
I look like a spokesmodel for it hole 1
and false advertising the only have like
one sequined dress in there also made
for a size zero so now we are off to an
underwater camera my goal in Tina to go
to more tropical places
I love tropical places so we're gonna
get underwater camera where what is a
place but very soon we as in all of us
yo are coming with me
so now I am off to Best Buy to look for
an underwater camera frustration I feel
like I don't really complain that often
about companies not making plus-size
dresses or whatever because I get a lot
of myself custom-made and then
everything else I don't be custom item
always like sweatpants or whatever
Kmart thank you but it is frustrating
that like nice upscale like lingerie
places like trashy lingerie that's like
an LA thing so it's not like mainstream
but I'm kind of things like a mainstream
like jovani dresses Sherri Hill prom
dresses they don't make for plus-sized
and usually when people when they
wouldn't designer did you make for
plus-size like look I love fashion oh I
love them I buy from them often I'm a
little friend
they do make plus-sized versions of
their sexy stuff but I saw campaign
affairs it was a holiday one and it was
like these New Year's Eve dresses they
were advertising and the two skinny ones
this was this was a couple days ago the
two skinny ones were in skinny whatever
we're Ana like spaghetti strap you know
boobs out
you know dresses and very sexy short and
then the plus-size model was in a long
sequence skirt below her knees and a
nude turtleneck top and I was like and
they were all the picture together so
you see the two skinny ones and really
skimpy new dresses and then that girl in
her it kind of like put bad tease my
mouth this is like I can't cheat anyways
and especially national because they do
make a lot of the same stuff for
plus-size like when you shop you'll see
like it goes up like four acts or
whatever on like a normal size model or
whatever but anyways then trashy
lingerie I went in there and they do
have some key dresses not there wasn't a
ton of sequin options with Aida has some
key dresses and I'm actually got in
there before I think I'm not gonna go in
there anymore cuz I've gone there in the
past and actually spent money and drop
money and then sometimes when I ask
questions I think they can make it a
bigger size they kind of say they just
say no like an abrupt no like nope
as if like the idea cuz they hand make a
lot of their stuff in there that's kind
of like what they're known for is like
hand making things so I've always asked
like if they can hear me across or you
know something and there's
and then also they kind of follow you
around like actually the lady in there
today it was nice should I come out of
my hair but they just kind of follow you
around I'm the only person in the store
they and if you don't know you have to
pay like a membership fee to get in
there like two dollars every time I go
in there it's always like two dollars to
go even just look I was in there for
literally two minutes okay and I'm the
only one in there and they like follow
you around and just makes me
uncomfortable like and the one sequined
dress I did like that was literally for
a size zero was $410 I was like that's
so it was literally like cheap-ass
sequins like I loved you best sequins I
use in a lot of my costume yourself as
I'm a cheap I can't be cheap because I
like wearing a lot of different clothes
and different outfits I'm like you know
what let's just make this as cheap as we
can because you know I might only wear
this once or whatever I'm just
frustrating cuz like I said all the
other nice dresses were literally size
zeros twos fours and that was pretty
much the biggest eyes they had and like
I guess cuz I'm in my own bubble and
like I get a lot of clothes custom-made
you know I don't really like ever see
issues with it but I feel bad for people
who don't get close their clothes
custom-made you know what I mean like
ah it's just like it is it's like a
reminder from society being like sorry
you're not skinny to wear the cute shit
you know what I mean uh one day I'm
gonna have my own plus-sized clothing
line we're just all sexy sexy ass
dresses sexiest lingerie and like I wear
make it four standard sizes as well
because I don't think you should have to
shame one body size to bring another
body size up I think that's always yes
but one day it's gonna happen I'm gonna
create all this about I've been trying
so hard to do it on my own but I kind of
just need someone to really help me
especially people who know the business
side end of it and all that stuff
because I have a designer and actually
Sergey has a really good business like
minded person he just doesn't know about
the fashion industry was just a whole
other beast and you know the start-up
costs and all that stuff like that she's
like a big risk but also like I don't
really know what I'm doing like I don't
mind taking big rests of course the
slide is out there's literally the
biggest intersection Sam wanna go in La
Cienega and it's even got light it's so
gorgeous
okay
hey Jesus in the car with me that's
beautiful
oh I love signs like that like it makes
my heart like flutter like I'm just like
oh my god that's like beautiful um
anyways
because Jesus way of saying girl not
gonna be good
they're like there's a light coming for
you I like that I've been yesterday was
a really bad day as you guys saw and I'd
still feel really bad and it's almost
like a heartbreak when you when you lose
a friend or decide look here's the thing
I'm a very weak person it's very hard
for me to say goodbye to somebody in my
life to be like I I can't have you in my
life anymore well that's kind of what I
was doing I did yesterday and it's just
hard like it's super hard when you like
love somebody but you just know that
person is not gonna love you back even
just in a genuine way and they just
don't show it's like you can wish so
hard that things were different and just
they're just not and it just really
sucks
because this is someone I've really
loved I really thought had my back and
so to kind of realize this all and for
him to kind of dance around it and then
kind of be like yeah I'm kind of what
should he do it's just like a hurt and I
can't I can't do it like I can't do it I
can't listen to words he sent me some
really nice text messages but I can't
listen to words anymore I got a it's all
from the action at this point and
this is something I never showed her and
he talked about social media so like
it's not about anyone a lot of people in
oh my god you know I feel like because
when people are my vlogs everyone just
assumes it's about people watch on my
blogs rule of thumb for me is I don't
really talk about bad about youtuber
experiences I've had I've had some
really shitty youtubers you know
experiences and I just don't talk about
it because I don't need that drama and
also it's like I was like having a code
thing at all I'm not like a code but
just like okay code yeah it's like for
me anyway is where I'm just like you
know like I said I just don't with the
drama
youtubers on youtube we're gonna run
into each other or know people who know
people and it's just it's but it's bad
energy to put out there and even this I
don't like to talk about but it's just
it swaying so have yummy that I feel
like if if you guys are something's on
this or anything in me or I don't feel
like myself it's like I feel like I just
need to say why and it just it hurts my
heart a lot it hurts a lot
like I would have done anything for this
person and I I really loved him
and I was blind but I also was letting a
lot of shit go that bothered me and I
think that's an important thing to not
do is don't let things go and someone
it's telling you how your relations
gonna be or friendship whatever rather
than discussing it with you and you're
not comfortable with it like don't let
it go forward as much as you maybe you
just really have over that person you
really love the person it's just gotta
want more for yourself and realize that
you know you gotta set the bar for
yourself realize you're good enough
people should be proud to know you no
matter what you do or who you are people
should be proud to know you and I am I'm
a good catch as a friend as a family as
like a a girlfriend I'm a good catch I
don't care what people say like I've a
good heart and I'm a good person and
like that's the most important things
but aside from that you know I have a
job I take care of my own like I don't
need handouts I don't need anything from
anybody everybody in my life is there
because I want them to be
forgiving person and it's like I am so
people should be lucky to know me and
I've had so many jerks in my life not
just guys and I'm not just talking about
boyfriends but from family friends
everything like just like make me feel
like I'm less than that I'm not good
enough to be acknowledged that I'm not
good enough to be on the same level as
their other friends like it's not fair
it's not fair to me and I'm tired of it
I'm not letting people do that to me
anymore
you know or telling me what it's gonna
be or say they can't know me for this
reason I can't associated me publicly
for this that's bullshit it's bullshit
it's also it's also bullshit when is a
double standard when the same rules
don't apply for me as they do for other
friends it's good at that point it is
excused so I don't care what anyone says
and I'm just tired of it I just you know
I deserve better and I will find better
and if I'm gonna be alone for the rest
of my life and I'll be alone
I
just wish people weren't so judgmental
that's where all my problems come from
judgmental and also it's people being
judgey of me and then also um I'll just
hang advantage of me and them knowing
their village and it's like I left them
because I don't I love giving giving is
something that I'll always do well
there's one thing a mentor not I love
giving and helping people and some
people take it the image but I'll never
stop giving but other things I gotta
just stop
and little things matter don't let
anyone tell you differently or make you
feel bad for bringing something up what
is important to you is important to you
you know
I'm sorry guys sorry for all these heavy
hard vlogs lately my heart just like
hurts I'm I am happy in life it's just
this one thing with this one person just
like please help me so heavy
I should have let it affect me the way
that it does but I can't help my
feelings I can't help my emotions you
know I feel very deeply and I don't feel
deeply easily for people it takes a lot
but when I used to what I do when I feel
for someone deeply then it that's it man
I'm in it and then I always get my heart
broken so okay I'm almost at Best Buy so
hi oh you're so sweet
my crazy house strangers can be sweeter
than
then people that I let into my personal
private life so I don't give up on
people that because people are genuinely
I believe most people are good I think
it's a lot of things man I don't know
just being judged before anything is
example this car is literally on the
track I just run into a Target Best Buy
shopping center was like the worst idea
ever on Christmas Eve Eve parking is a
be impossible because this light is
never like this I've been literally in
traffic for 20 minutes just trying to
get it so bad
a move on but it wasn't like that much
food I mean I what a lot by Japanese go
run in vanilla people dish its diction I
always feel like doing the other quarter
I'm stressed you're sad you bloated
feel
good look at it if you already know my
face Muffy
she easy look today my blocks off the
answers t-shirt and I'd like that back
easy man comfortable you'll put together
hurt my Kmart lookbook
we're in Kmart for a week honestly I
love it
it's been so easy we got close organized
my house when I get back
vacation
whatever gosh
this parking garage was a crazy me to
find a spot that cuts all the way down
there I get for my camera I hope they
have it
yeah be a blast leave my house a
different cleaning it
getting hey so I got a GoPro new SD
cards and a wristband so excited you
guys is Christmas Eve Eve there was a
guy that was on in the gym completely
alone watching fuller house
the new episodes of season 3 level 9
play six minutes about 400 calories
about one mile I'm at church but I'm
gonna try and go until it runs out get
some frustrations out some sadness and
some puffiness
690 miles around there yeah sounds your
basic
hey guys is the end of the day and this
has been a really boring vlog I'm sure I
can't even remember what I vlog which
means it was so boring and waiting for
me food I ordered pasta and pizza but
when I get back I want to eat healthy
sigh this is like my favorite favorite
meal is beets and pasta from this place
so I just ordered that I'm in my
sweatpants tired actually it's earlier
I'm tired I just got to edit my video
tomorrow for my main channel it's not
much editing so I think I just ended it
wearing you did - I've been doing that
more with eating shows to try and press
like start and stop when I need it do
the edits just a lot easier than having
to go through like if I say something
stupid or if I burp or something like
that or whatever I going to be a phone
call like that my heart is still sad I
mean I've had like I said I'm how I am
happy in life it's just you know this
one person it's funny how one person can
just ruin your whole day week life but
anyways I'm super tired but I'll show
you guys the food when I come so I won't
say goodbye yet so stay tuned for
exciting part 12 to this vlog pizza and
pasta so my night is sorta in my food by
making
okay I love the quiet I love being quiet
and alone
it's been a long month you guys know my
December was crazy busy so it's kinda
nice to be it's peaceful quiet I love
being around people but I love my long
time so I'm just enjoy my pizza mm-hmm
I'm gonna watch the Goldbergs all night
mmm morning I love you guys
Merry Christmas Eve Technol is Merry
Christmas Eve shame everybody guys I say
that was our Christmas Eve we have a
good one
candy Johnson sweet something amazing
like just because everyone looks like
they're having a perfect happy holiday
it doesn't always mean it's the case and
that no one has a perfect holiday so
those are you excited bout Christmas
Merry Christmas
for those you can't wait for it to be
over one more day that you guys and I
like talking about cookies all day
fishies mmm
bye guys
