all right just got done filming some car
karaoke for y'all good now that I have
my car back I love singing in the car
and I was like I should be performing
when I sing in the car it's so funny if
you like will honk at me won't when I'm
in a big pink SUV but awesome because
like I perform full-on out so I was like
that's preferable on like my singing in
the car is not great even there singing
oh my albums are not great I kind of
like more talks thing but like couldn't
love music it makes me so happy you
can't tell them in a happy mood I just
ate old big M&Ms let's just be healthy
eating say I am gonna help ya I'm not
gonna let this like broom I'm gonna go
get a fast food I eat like pretty much
old pop his bag was homeless but pretty
much I eat olmec um bland invented a
into the package that was at UPS was
just the good thing done I'm really
valid really post office things like I
hate it I hate when it pulls off his his
new PS twist they're always just a mess
and it's like a boring and stupid and he
doing up any errands but I did it and I
feel accomplished already production
productive one and productive - I did
laundry this morning I was something
videos this morning then turn right
understanding the Monica Boulevard thing
has enough Bob
it's tearing before I think the people
next meet then I start at them about box
no I didn't felt like they say fun
videos and film videos I was like
editing videos clearly my good Majan I
think I want to matter I'm on this you
know I think I like to call that one
channel we make a piano in this channel
my no makeup channel and right now
favoring the no makeup channel a lot of
our what the the thing it drives me nuts
sometimes but I don't really know where
I'm going this we're on an adventure but
not really an adventure ok so I'm trying
to find oh yeah this is so frustrating
so today is Thursday Monday I contacted
a company that makes these like jerseys
off Etsy
I've ordered one before my Drake Jersey
from them and I was like hey is it
possible to eat this in pink with my
name and rush I'm like I'll pay rush
like whatever it takes it really
important to have this Jersey because
like if it's really cool the way they
make them and also like you know I need
it so now Thursday this morning they're
just like oh like our seams just won't
be able get it done in time like I'm
putting on my gosh you told me there's
like two three days ago so like I could
have really crushed another Jersey but
the problem is even if I rush something
now like overnight like it may not even
get here tomorrow so we're doing things
the old-fashioned way I'm going out and
looking for a go google custom Jersey
place I'm going on the neighborhood last
night when I know I'll tell you like
custom sports jerseys and they're the
thing it's like almost like on Santa
Monica Boulevard which I'm on right now
which I thought was like closer to me
like in Hollywood that's actually in
Santa Monica content and walkable around
something but it's fine like I'm on
adventure I'm supposed to be at the
answer puzzle an hour so hopefully I can
go in we see if anything jerseys if they
can customize it great if not I'll just
take it take the pink jersey you know
what I mean because I just need some
things but it's like athletic like seen
in this music video inside a like
literally Sunday so
I always get it done like I always okay
for all my music videos like we have
like a wardrobe person but that's
usually for like the background people
for me I take care of all my clothes I'm
so damn picky but I also know what looks
good on my body and I don't know I'm
also just like really picky and so I'd
never include like clothing budget and
she's like the music video budget
because well I should actually but I
give a budget for like the production
and then I take like my hair makeup and
costuming like I do it all of my like
own even like everything is on my own
like I give production like a whole like
a budget and I forget to include my own
stuff but you know what it kind of works
out because I wear expensive clothes my
videos and like it's a really important
part to me the hair makeup and clothes
are the three most important parts to me
but like you know directors and like
they don't they don't think what my kind
of stuff so I'm like you know my videos
are all bubble looks you know what I
mean so so yeah so that's what I'm doing
today I felt like I was editing my blog
from yesterday and I was gonna tell you
guys something on that one made the
other Greg refer for this videos name's
Melanie who's amazing kids with Beyonce
um cuz I you said I couldn't thing over
name and then I didn't but I was been
doing something else I was like a tube
to be continued I thought but maybe not
come to me come to me um but yeah that's
why I'm John Sam I'm on an adventure to
make something happen and I heard it oh
my god so we're doing like okay so
there's like a scene which is like all
silver not like silver suit for him
silver dress for me and I like rush to
order my dress last night which was
great because they give you brush or
turn on Wednesday like getting should
get it like here why Friday just to see
Thursday and yeah so Shawn I was like
hey text me a picture of your still
pursue supposed to look for it so I was
like I'm gonna look for I'm going online
look for it we found I was like
Halloween costume I'm really nervous to
see the quality of it because he thought
I looked shinier I was finding a bunch
of silver suits and definitely the
shiniest looking one was this Halloween
costume so we like rush order and
supposed to be here today and like I
have a feeling it's just gonna be too
costumey because it was actually really
cheap just like this probably this
probably ain't gonna work so I don't
think I got time to go over there today
but maybe tomorrow cuz there's a place
called men's Italy kind of in this area
I'm driving it you now which is like so
much traffic I keep coming down this way
um they have like the other silver suit
which I think could just like go into up
stuff because he is if you guys don't
know if you know but like Shawn's
producing like this holding himself so
usually with my videos I have I we hire
a production company and of course into
my director so they take care of
everything and I like just show up which
means it's so easy to do music videos
for me you know I get everything else
around like clothes and mate you know
everything like that but this one like
Shawn basically doing everything like
produce production wise I'm super
impressed but I feel so bad like I feel
like oh my god cuz I don't I don't know
anything I don't really do I never do
this for my own videos so I don't really
know how to like produce one so he's
been calling he got like all the
locations and he's like crazy it's like
so impressive actually I'm still
impressed another thing I'm so impressed
was by Sean oh my god
Simon's biggest fan right here cuz I was
like 20 wide at yesterday he was in
bring it on all or nothing crepe I know
but it's so funny kind of like okay
there's like 500 bring it on
just like I was like which one were you
and like it cuz he there was like this
like I think was like last one I think I
like it had ashley tisdale sister
everybody's father look like ashley
tisdale and called her sister but she
died like platinum blonde hair and they
went like on a rollercoaster
like I hope and the Hawaiian guy was
like a main love interest like there was
that one do you think was last one but
then he the one before the last one
which is the third one which is when he
was in with Hayden Panettiere I used to
love that one like I didn't care about
the second one the second one was whack
that was bullshit to be honest but the
first one I love I love you everyone was
whack sorry wine with the hayden
Panettiere I love because she was like
going to like Compton to be a
cheerleader I just thought it was like
everything and her boyfriends like she
turns up not only was Sean one of the
cheerleader than at uh he had two of his
original songs in it like that's so
impressed your original song the movie
like that's that's impressive he I think
he always liked downplays like the stuff
he's done but I'm just like dude like
you're like legit like I feel bad that
you were dancing in my videos like he's
a dancer with Rihanna he's like in all
these videos like My Week With Marilyn
like just the most Mary jasmit Christmas
but he's so sweet but I was like really
really impressed I was like texting him
I was a little like drunk but Oh like
cocky I'm feeling oh my god I can't
believe it's called everybody grew as
the song that he will the one I watch
the song that he um with his along and
then that also he was like dancing in
like long blonde hair so and he's like
in it throughout the whole movie I
haven't watched the movie in a while so
I gotta like rewatch that but it was so
interesting oh I love my friends my
friends hi guys like this honking um my
I love they're so impressive I'm always
impressed even when I look like I mean I
don't watch it and for everyone I was
like even a nice watch like smiley I
used to be like oh my god it gives me
that she or even know we're not cools on
like Showtime I was like not even a
better example of when I was in the
movies and my dad like a year or two ago
and Shane's um talk about dad came I was
like oh my god like to the picture
I said my dad son cuz why buzz huh my
brother and his I was like oh my god I
know he knows I best friend this was
like right when I'm at shame like this
is a weird old man but I wanna um
but yeah I was like right when I met him
I need some chapstick that's why guys I
think this camera's okay here because
like literally five cops and like stop
right next to me and haven't said
anything stuff I think we are in the
clear
maximum don't worry boy I like stop
talking was like look for pretend it's
normal I think it's fine like Shane's
how a lot people hit their GPS is right
here if I think you're OK I love it like
humming on a TV studio my car alright
guys we gotta find this place
what's happening my shirts have babes 23
the other one says best so it's like bus
babes get it yeah adventure oh wait oh
my gosh you guys oh when I want
something I get done I found it first
shot I wasn't so nervous I'm outside a
burnout called offside sports I'm Tina
Monica Boulevard and I'm all set it
looks like you like this sick it doesn't
have like a name really it's my fight at
be the kids company which is like
literally right now oh I wanted to go in
there anyways inhalants no but um yeah
just like this like place with like
people's like it's like a print it looks
like a printing area where they would
print the shirts cuz it's all its
longest or I got so lucky yes they're
like when do you need a I might like
today or tomorrow and I'm like yeah we
can do it and they're gonna customize it
and everything praise Jesus like that I
mmm my god I was like really well thank
you I'm trying soap like they know it's
like such like a rush like okay I'm
sorry cuz you get this for me right now
when you eat this now cuz I'm an idiot
and didn't like plant a hat or any Sun
I'm glad I got it we said it'll be done
tomorrow I'm so excited so fingers
crossed that actually happens I think it
will worth kissing area can always pick
up Saturday I'm pretty I'm pretty
excited and I'm gonna head back towards
Hollywood in Highland so I'm gonna Park
I'm gonna do some shopping cause Sean's
birthday's next week so I'm gonna get
him a show but that's another thing and
then I'm gonna get my hat I'm also going
to wait when it's gonna go up
this will go up okay because I think
it's gonna go up after no is this a
camera like mine's and I could start
vlogging and doing YouTube videos
because he has so many excuses like he
hasn't had a film here's an original I'm
like if I get my camera he's gonna have
to use our eyes I'll take personal
offense to it so I'm gonna get him a
camera too um so you like it was like
YouTube adventures stuff what helps me
so much you don't even know like how
much he has helped me with this whole
wow the whole thing in any case I think
it like no over a days I'm like he just
really helped me and like introduced me
to amazing people that her that's gonna
just help help things I'm trying to do
which is awesome and I love him for it
so fire up that peak beast and go to I
wouldn't mind and the waters almost
under another one back a little bit so
many waters because of my UT I'm like
I'm not hydrate or not so I have Erin
I'm not bougie but all right guys
there's the Folgers you by the way babes
23 and I just got like I can't see
anything
black oh my gosh I'm not exaggerating
when I say it about literally the
hardest but I am dying because we were
talking like this ending part that we
added the video and I'm mcdhh eyeing I
feel so good I just EPK got like chicken
lettuce wraps in like yeah earlier but
like oven that's all I ate and I feel so
good like after I workout I'm just like
I just feel like really I mean this area
he looks like a little East Arabic what
the food is this girl thing she is
filming herself
anyways don't care look heels so good
and a lot of kids are complimenting me
on Instagram I suppose dancer views on
there a lot of you guys are
complimenting me auntie like joking good
I feel amazing
so now I'm just waiting for my straps
I'm going to go into the pink store and
I also go to Dorothy or a lid store see
if I can't find a present for Sean see
what happens you see me bebe hand limit
for emoji pillows yeah I can't create
the video and I've never felt more
confident in myself than I do after I
danced Oh finally corner actually I like
guys this is so exciting
and the guys this is healthy for me in
Arabic Oh still take out for like Jimmy
lettuce wraps is healthy and throwing it
like mac and cheese which is what I
normally do and I love mac and cheese
but nobody can Jake needs yeah
I'm not really good mood yeah that's not
how to go do locations up with director
of the video he's just so crazy but but
he's so I'm so impressed by him I really
am he's doing like all the work and just
really bad them here comes well confused
oh my gosh you guys look amazing this
looks check-in and lettuce wraps and yes
I do like let us now these look so good
and you can I sprinkle a zombie I just
like this has such good flavor II I'm
gonna have him a Pellegrino I'm watching
the Goldbergs focus so I gotta focus
focus on the Goldberg there we go whom
honor is my like leak happening and like
leaks everywhere in my house but I am
home and I am the night my hair is up
and I just feel really really good like
I hate exercising I hate when it jet by
hate working out I try it with a trainer
like doesn't work I found something that
like gets my body moving and I'm
drenched and swept by the end of it and
I feel good after it and I'm just I'm
really excited so like if you're like me
who is go to the gym maybe I don't know
if this works everyone but it might work
for you to like go take dance classes
like honestly life-changing like
life-changing I feel so good happy I
feel confident my body feels better I
like eat better afterwards so it's
really amazing so now I'm just settling
in I have to edit some videos and
actually I have to like plan videos to
it's just a lot but anyways I'm so going
off no sirens so that's what I'm doing
that's the night chicken long as that
second word to eat it so I'm gonna go
excited eat hmm
I'm so full but I was so hungry look at
all my lettuce wraps I got a little
chicken leftover and I didn't eat these
things which are good but like I just
saw like I don't know
hangover bars let's just add calories so
my dinner and I'm stuff from that I'm
still full so that's good dinner
