guys we are dancing again and I'm in the
same copy probably see me on like 500
her oh I would worry was hot for the
past like three days I'm gonna retire it
after today and I have a Kylie Jenner
likeness I'll show you guys in the
mirror real quick here's my college
general leggings and my ideas shoes I
think it's gonna get us close
maybe huncles are like so not cute oh we
got Powerball to flip you around we got
Powerball - I'm gonna win today so
anyways we're gonna get I feel like a
dancer a whole genre bathroom and his
friend who's a crack fur but I'll know
her name she's really really good and
talented
how'd I know it - I can't him she's
coming and yeah so we're practicing more
dancing we have to know three dance
wears a lot I'm really nervous really
nervous
my Peter knock you today that's my phone
keys yeah maybe not okay
seriously oh wait isn't white not on you
feelin it on maybe right it's Park oh
yeah that's what a good video okay
Sparkle it's like an ombre that blossom
below and right up is really pretty
nail bar Beulah to get on my nails are
literally just like they look like the
final products and I'm gonna take a
picture
they're perfect for the music video
harem beauty laughs oh yeah the owner is
always so nice to me - I don't like to
really mess with the name I'm sorry
and elbow room you got I found boss is
beating loud I've never been there um
yeah barbule then I love them so much I
love the off guys everyone nail bar
minivan lounge
no yes that's the alarm to go ask for
yeah she's amazing
not least as Sean oh my god this is like
a cutest little bakery ever shall I go
in there I don't need any sweets oh but
I'm so cute something but there was
nothing survived okay so here's because
it's very hard and dry salt a millimeter
I've got ten minutes on the meter
yep so now I'm leaving Robertson thanks
still there
I miss Sean I want to see him again I
miss them maybe home maybe there
protects and see I'm like don't want
Shan Zhai answering his phone
this is why I'm like that Navy
girlfriend and it's like I just I get
bored and I'm like why I'm doing their
phone Oh Derek people have fucking like
outside of you're just kidding um you
guys like Oh like okay I didn't get all
yesterday I put karaoke um she hadn't
know when I put the key to go but
because I was like the stuffing of the
carcass is like gonna be footage I just
like deleted or like save for myself um
and I he anyway that kind of vlog a
shape it was like something so like
actually a dramatic that actually
happened and like like nothing to do
with like anything you guys would know
about not to be like guys don't know
what my life but is it like something
that was like you know annoyance it
happened a couple of times because I've
actually put the coke machines last
night why is it doing that like there's
no one clearly around like why does it
miss I can't be bothered with that um oh
and I was before and it was his mom's
birthday and I was a birthday present as
like I got the key oh my gosh you guys
like I'm like I'm really bad at giving
guests like I'm just really bad at it
cuz I don't I don't thinks I'm a
thoughtful I'm not clever I'm not
uniquely and just you know but I thought
a really good gift and I'm gonna end up
giving I'm Shane hope I can see his mom
sometime soon but I'm sorry Paris laughs
it's really cute gifts in the way I was
like all packaged like okay really
I get half a big-ass carpet because oh
my god another pee up somebody really
can you see in the reflection losses hey
this person is just like double-parked
in the campaign enemies mm but I was
like really excited and like there was
like bunch of people get together now
excited and oh my god I feel like I
can't even like a second time I wasn't
even worth talking about because but I
really can't talk about it it's not one
of the things I'll tell you when I can
like say what it is and like I just it's
very dramatic
whatever um there was a point to this
story that I am NOT getting to um I may
get oh yeah music so we had the center's
Erica job I did headshot there that is
so buddy doesn't really know the point
other than Oh different high job oh yeah
same order model there's always
something and I think it's like just
stop talking and sup rambling but
yeah I'm not really like antsy to hang
out with someone now though because I
wouldn't like go out socially and no no
I just feel like I I'm so funny by how
much a person can really change it's
true like in your twenties we're gonna
change so for him I just like absolutely
crazy I think it's absolutely accurate
to be like don't get married until
you're like thirty because if you change
so much in your 20s it's crazy like I
never like this just like cars like
actually going crazy like I don't know
what's happening I just feel like I've
been one of the people who never learned
socialize with anyone like people would
ask me how in it oh it's from people
down actually never I don't hang out
because I just like I liked being just
at home and just like secluded okay like
what like what though for real like what
is that like I look and get sincere a
glass I make so far away from that
person and that person just pulled up
like okay I don't get it they ignore my
can block and it's like super advise it
but I wear my solicit we're gonna be a
shout out Joey if you're watching I got
to make yourself as little a little
pouch in case I don't know what you call
that like it's bigger than a cosmetic
case I'm emotional I but I gotta have
you see I got for Christmas week and I
totally already admitted it and I was
like hey
behind lane it's a creeper but I think
that's what those videos are for to show
what you've got so people like that
right I think that was why I do it just
like if you want to know where I got the
wig today wow Fox Detroit you know what
I mean it's neither here nor there
traffic is going to be a bitch getting
palm beach tan that's righti Ocean sex
did I should probably not taxing to call
him I love him so much for one day I
guess I'm never bored of it I don't know
when but we're going to Vegas and I'm
super at Super Center can we do this how
soon can we go ahead guys were at the
house all day
hmm I don't know he was here we talked
myself but yeah new nails nails on fleek
is this gonna focus there's gonna
something movies go there I'm obsessed
okay crazy
