that's how we eat how aluminum housing
in I feel like I'm a National Geographic
why won't he eat it she what's her name
pixie has an Instagram pic see the bird
on Instagram what does it became like
just pop that is everything this makes
me so like I like
anxious but it also makes me really
happy her sister became a crazy bird
lady overnight is good she's got her
little house set up what's over there oh
it's just some bread it's not closed
although but it's okay
what are those beads look at her she
mm-hmm
I don't wanna be honest YouTube she
really doesn't like to be filmed
Oh is she like her mom today I know I
always do that so I guess the theme is
I'm a hot mess basically I don't know I
am Oh guys it's so annoying oh my god I
feel like there was something off about
this year and it drives me nuts like
over feeling New Year's Eve did set the
whole precedent for how my ears going so
far because everything just seems to be
like a medley I think it's going to go
out and then ends up being like a mess
and it's just mmm
it's just so annoying so I feel like
today I feel like my AGI is back
Oh what like what why why is it bad like
I've never had to use the I and I'm
gonna like not be able to get rid of it
like it's always there so I'm going to
Urgent Care cuz it's Sunday today and my
gynecologist is not hoping and I'm just
having that man I took some of those
like azo like tablet things a slut like
the relief thing and I did go to a
doctor after I did it and I thought okay
well I got a doctor and got like cleared
got to clear everything so I'm gonna
back to version care guy because I feel
like the it just didn't go away
completely which i guess is like normal
I don't all so she's that I also should
go get my eyebrows are so my eyebrows
are pissing me off I know maybe it's
like I don't know I just I think just
like you know I'm like absolutely crazy
right now but I honestly feel like when
my eyebrows are not like cube like I
feel like I'm not cute like I don't know
what I don't know I just feel like a
mess and I feel like if I get my
eyebrows in order then my life will be
in order
Arnel I haven't Kylie Jenner alacr√°n
say the bobbies actually lock cuter than
the top the top makes me look like I had
a lesbian gym teacher not that there's
anything wrong with people as we didn't
beat your pride not all has been gym
features I don't look at lesbian gym
teacher um we're kind of like Sue
Sylvester I was like a deed of stuff and
I know me and Sue Sylvester but then
like Kylie Jenner start wearing it and I
kind of like oh my god I think it's cute
but then I'm like oh maybe depends on
the person wearing it because Kylie
Jenner cup I bulldoze off on her little
eighty nobody but nobody can and my
midlife quarter life crisis body
so anyways um so yeah I'm just gonna go
get my rose arts first I'm like oh geez
oh and get a Powerball I don't know what
do you guys he doesn't but like
Powerball is like a billion dollars like
I don't care how much money have once
you're a billionaire but like anyone
could use a billion dollars you know
what I mean like you know I mean um I
really want to win that I don't know
what if it one that wouldn't that be so
flippin crazy like this is how much of a
dream where I am like I can actually
envision myself winning this like crazy
because I do this all the time and
always like do the like lotto well not
always but like especially when I like
stripped I remember I would take like
ten dollars and like go buy like 10
tickets like I think I always just
thought random pics I used to pick
numbers but then when I did the random
pics I won more meaning like one time I
think it 100 bucks
which is like a big deal to me house
like we're not even on you smell like
like 500 bucks playing that but yeah so
anyways that's what I'm doing I
shouldn't Urgent Care probably closer I
feel like I'm going to like one really
far away
the hack of Yelp reviews which i think
is super important great hero
maybe I'm going to actually do that when
I find a magic air now for eyebrows on
fleek what do you guys think okay yeah
later busier later during the day
eyebrows on fleek but I feel like Urgent
Care may not be but isn't a copy for
sure I almost like a like a do I go to
an emergency room I got mommy
I think I already care fine I don't know
as I get freaked out I'm a hypochondriac
once I feel symptoms just something that
I'm like oh my god I'm dying like I
honestly like Google like burning
sensation aids symptoms like I just
don't you know you just I don't know I
just like get freaked out or like cancer
steps ahead of all I'm like okay you
know I'm like bringing guys out and
putting it out there hey oh my god these
lights are like going crazy you know
when you want to like stop and actually
like look for something on your phone
and you're like hoping for a light so
these are like got my eyebrows done boom
boom boom too close too close um got a
lot done that was really exciting I got
a Jamba Juice that was really saying
but I don't need to concern I'm bringing
out so much I actually got a crop so I
wanted to get a reasonable one cuz I'm
loosing over time but didn't put it
there
I do need some of this actually in my
life right now because I just got waxed
Oh Doug um listen I knew about his
t-shirt designs yeah the wonderful
wonderful girl who designs all my
t-shirt graphics just did an amazing on
his day one I can't wait to show you
guys I still got a Maryland press over
here I didn't think I showed you guys
that but I should show you guys I should
show you guys but I feel like it's so
much cooler when you look at the shirt
but I'm gonna show you look how cool
this design is you guys it says all I
need is love and cross it out and it
says chocolate and the little chuckle
box that there says bougie
it's like focusing on me Bujji is fuck
chocolate it's really cool so she made
these for like phone cases and like
t-shirt designs and I just love the
little like Cupid
some kill the P Kiera I'm obsessed and
then she put him under the little
t-shirt she's just such she's so amazing
I might actually email her ask her if
she wants me to link her because she's
so good I don't know you know what I
think she's a student so I don't think I
don't know she does this like full-time
or wants to do it full-time
um but I'll ask her okay I gave her I'm
giving her more these times do because
my shirts are amazing she comes up with
these amazing concepts so thanks so much
girl if I win my billion dollar lottery
tonight I'm gonna give you ten million
dollars not ten million
I let me figure out what I get after
taxes and then I'll figure out what to
get you okay your Aza the I'm just a
parking shark or ever been in the
parking structures terrifying me all the
time but I'm actually only one other car
here
I have no one no one in this parking
structure it's really weird you're doing
cares even open it said it was only not
time to sign up today
no it's weird creepy out with some weird
vibe today pal again alone has he eyes
on a Sunday
dirty dirty motherfucker that I am this
is look nice over here but that key
there's like no went out I like these
people right now skipping like this
better be open I drew kind of hard to
get here
waiting him he hates me nothing maybe
like I'm sick I got a rush to dance
right after this but I'm pretty sure my
face what is that follow team arrow TD
today
so anxious I'm like 20 minutes to get
Hollywood from the valley hmm Hamid he's
going he could not stop backing out
there it was bad
she's gonna leave I'm so annoyed doesn't
me get sick okay update my doctor's
forgot awesome his name dr. Shapiro he's
just he says really cool-looking okay
I'm gonna say like higher anything
pieces very friendly cool like demeanor
rinsing kind of Quentin Tarantino
blowing hair and I like it so North
Hollywood urgent care they were
relatively quite members in a hurry
so I'm anxious but pretty sure just
really I think it's GIS I can't ask
bacterial infection or some sort someone
do it that you're attending the peak up
if you will okay come on the dancing
slow down I'm here I'm here
I got dark I'm saying a whole way over I
like have never I haven't put like I
mean karaoke blogs up on the car because
like dark are karaoke like it's Tara I'm
like terrible but like me and Shawn film
yesterday I really I put a bunch of them
together on and off I don't even know
what I was thinking I've been like
singing so much sometimes they just let
the camera roll come on Teen Mom like
goals you know guys I rushed here and
I'm five minutes late and I still beat
Shawn so have myself oh my gosh why is
this not focusing what's that focusing
on back there hmm from them sighs my
face um I'm waiting for Sean I feel
awesome I thought I was gonna take
Soleil actually like I was like really
panicking in the doctor's office I'm
gonna be late
it all worked out I got my prescription
but I haven't picked up yet so I'm gonna
have to pick it up after this problem so
now we wait hmm do you do when you wait
listen to music I guess I do that I'm
obsessed now that I have like my
eyebrows like waxed I don't see if I
need another like a little like
Vietnamese place oh I don't know it's
like that's it that's how Becca's a baby
anyway slices I don't know like there's
like really bougie
doesn't like this area specifically like
Hollywood I was just in the valley but
not Valley but in Hollywood there's like
really like bougie areas you can go get
your like every box like you know you
can go into Anasazi Beverly Hills and
like and do your eyebrows and thrive but
I get about that life and on sanam I'm a
little ghetto a lot ghetto hell out now
I look like like we sure this focuses
but like I'm gonna take some energy over
like this Sony that's a garden see it's
my idea of art seem I have just had sex
oh good I love the island I wish they
made music again like I'm loose again
I'm like decades behind every every
trend but I like I don't know how I got
on it like I start watching like all
their YouTube videos I've no idea how I
got turned on to that but someone must
have sent me the link or something um
but yeah I'm so excited to go home
well I'm excited to Shauna for us but
I'm excited to like get my t-shirt it's
like my Valentines t-shirts like up
because you know Bella is just like
humping like I want to wear that like
the whole month and like I want to give
to all my friends and like I know merch
to me is just more fun for me like it's
just like it's not even like a big like
was job you know like in a source of
income is really not it's just kind of
like a a job like a hobby it's like you
know and I love wearing the shirts and I
love having shirts and like I think it's
really cool like I've seen three people
out in public with my shirts on and I
think that's like so random like not
that there wasn't like they were coming
and they knew I was gonna be out like
they were just wearing them out I think
it really makes my heart like a happy
like it missing our happy on Twitter
like I'm always like retweeting and
saving Earl's pictures and stuff like
that and I Instagram I was like
DoubleTap it but like when you see him
in person and like would never expect
one day it was in Houston Texas at an
airport and I was just like what it was
like at the very beginning of my
Spreadshirt like it was really crazy
it was the first 100 photo on it I can't
think of what it was I want to say it
was the ice cream I'm like naked in a
chair eating ice cream I saw on this guy
in Houston Texas and I was like oh my
gosh like it mean male like life I just
like I can die now like someone knows
who I am and is wearing a shirt of me I
don't know I'm like a weird person that
that kind of stuff is like it literally
money fame that doesn't matter I just
like the idea of like
you know what I don't know I'm sure
maybe not maybe I'm the only one because
like my family like my sister my mom my
brothers like they don't care of like
people know that I guess it's like kind
of like Fame but that's not really where
I like I like that people just like I
don't know I was always like invisible
in school and stuff like no one really
liked that was the opposite of them
supporting me and they were just playing
mmm AB Trisha like it's kind of cool to
see people like I mean obvious there's a
lot of people on my it's after show but
sit cool it's like oh no I don't know
how to describe it and I'm just like how
I really am lucky like I was I was Shawn
the other day yes yes like in Melrose
I know people hey when I do that guys
put a crushed sheesh mmm and he's just
like you have like really really
amazingly nice sweet funny pretty like
followers I mean I know it's like crazy
I actually always look like the fan in
the picture because I always tell people
like when I'm like oh my god follow it
like tag me and I'll follow you back on
Instagram or Twitter
mostly Twitter cuz I like Twitter better
personally to like follow because you
can like talk and stuff in DM um
answer I was just a mess with the damage
you'd like everyone can you get me was
like too much um I don't know where it's
going with oh and then I see the photo
and I'm just like wow they're like my
queen I'm like I literally look like a
peasant I look like a peasant and y'all
always look like the Queen y'all are so
cute like I don't even know and I was
looking a mess always apologize for like
my appearance I mean granted I love that
I have this you know and I'll see you
like you see this Real Deals it's not
like you're like sure which is what you
people used to do when I used to only do
videos with makeup on that Shawn was
coming um so it's like cool to like you
know not really you guys don't care it's
like whatever is like you guys don't get
excited which I it
I always thought Britney Spears at
Universal Studios like maybe like two
months at no it wasn't even two months
like last month they were on crunch miss
time Christmas time and I like we fan
girls you like I had our hair up and
like a Missy bun and like no makeup and
just like chillin she like holding like
some kid was a girls that wasn't her kid
um it's not really dark fast it was like
kind of sketched you oh my goodness like
Holly I'm sorry I get really distracted
easily but
anyways I don't know I'm like blabbing
should I do it what's in my purse I've
been switching purses law I had my purse
the other day I just got that Marilyn
yesterday I just been switching purses a
lot cuz I'm just very a TV person and
just always all about a place I get
bored so easily you know gonna tell so
anyways alright I'm gonna like text this
mofo see where he's at
I'm ready to dance I'm ready to sweat
I literally rushed over here I think
yeah it's gonna like be holding I run up
tell him guys we just finished dancing
I'm so tired we just lost another one on
Instagram yeah I'm gonna go first we
just actually I think I'm just so hot I
didn't record much in there guys like we
Hance a lot and I was like dying so
fucking so hot and sweaty that's what is
real but yeah now I'm gonna just go pee
and if you guys wanna see the dance meet
like made up on the spot it's on
Instagram I just made us so check that
out but more stuff then yeah now I have
to pee really bad
