alright guys I didn't bring your dinner
with us so bringing you to dessert we
got eight what is this welcome to my
dessert a cheesecake I'll be fudge if
you want to be caramel that was good
actually that was really good what is
this don't forget that get get the tip I
don't like the tip just the tip yeah
some gross guy a theme is good
I like that hey guys I'm looking like mm
JLo right now and white peek a Juicy
Couture tracksuit I am obsessed with
Jersey customer track suits I don't care
what anyone says I'm like two decades
late okay I love I love track stage from
tree to tree I love him and I always
wanted them when they were in and we
couldn't afford him so now I owe and I
went to them and I love them so much and
they are so so comfortable
and we're going down that mountain again
it's very shaky I'm sorry
bear with me oh we're going on the
adventure together um but no I am going
this lighting is so bad oh this is what
I have to do right
get that line and got all my hair oh my
god I'm like just a wrecker I'm like a
little bit I wreck right now um yeah we
I'm going to go pick up Sean and we are
going to go shopping and we're going to
get what kind of we're like well we're
gonna go get hats because I want to wear
he wears hats all the time and I want to
wear a hat too because my hair is just
what we see it's a ratchet mess so I
want to wear a hat and and then we are
rehearsing we're dancing okay haven't
even mm I don't even if I have a lot to
talk about it yet oh because I feel like
I put my box out so quick now that like
you know you guys would know like you
know it's good it wouldn't be like the
surprise it wouldn't matter or would
matter more so I don't know you know
what I'm trying to say like if I ever
have a surprise that was new like in the
past I would be like chewy clean on my
blocks which is in like within days of
like doing you know filming and
uploading at this point like I'm just
like you know
I feel like I have to like be more like
youtubers be like I have a super secret
project I can try but what's all super
secret or anything I just feel like it
should be like more of a surprise but I
could give you a little teaser
we're shooting a music video in like a
week which in a week
yeah a week and um yeah and uh the wait
came about was so just come I don't know
how to say it I went to go here she was
Shawn recruits music hashanah has a he's
been doing music before I even met him
and I think that like he's like you know
he's really good at singing and he's
really good about what he does and his
music sounds really good and
professional and he's like hey like I
want you to come like by the recording
studio and I think I vlog I think I've
loved like going there I don't think I
ever like blog actually inside um but I
um I was like so blown away whatever he
was doing this song where it's like I'm
not even singing at all I don't get any
away but I have something like Barbie
and Ken like there's a bar being hand
our friends I was like oh my god really
Barbie and Ken like I said it and then I
was like and I love the song I was
obsessed with it that's like always
singing a song it really liked it and
one day we were in his car and he would
had it on and I was like singing along a
bit he's like I feel like I should have
a girl on this Oh like what no I'll ruin
your song cuz it's a really good song
like I'm gonna ruin it like no and he's
just like no I think it would be like
really really good and so I was like so
he's been like helping me and working me
because this song is so fast-paced it's
kind of like hard to sing and like it's
not like my songs that are very like
talky just you know
I'm a hectic where you at you know what
I mean it's like it's a go Milotic sake
I love Patrick there's no Mercedes drew
my own song but you know I mean like it
was just it was just really really good
and I'm just it's really really hard
saying but I'm excited and so like he's
like he has a musically director that he
works ER so I'm not working with you
hundred this time around because like
he's you know doing this all himself
like he's you know so I just you know
it's not my music video so I'm like okay
so I don't know if it's gonna be on my
channel or his channel or both it's
totally up to him you know I offer it as
it's like if you went on my channel but
like you know it's a really good video
so I think I don't know I think we'll
see what happens but either way I don't
leave out my channel on his channel so
I'm just really really excited um began
we're going to a dance studio today um
that he has access to and kind of lunar
dancing I'm just really really kind of
nervous about that so we'll see how it
goes because he's just so good and I'm
just so like I don't know something I'm
like the worst dancer in the world but
compared to like professional dancers
I'm the worst dancer in the world you
know what I mean like this is LA and
like all these personal dancers like you
know he's oh they're currently in a hat
shop getting hats to like Channing Tatum
snapbacks with the thing i like the
fitted hats is that were they're trying
on hats we're getting matching ones I
got white ones we're getting custom ones
shopping and we're gonna eat and then
we're gonna dance I think all right so
now we're eating we're just at Starbucks
I got wait can we show who it's for it's
for dr. Shawn today he's my doctor we
got the same thing subpoena chambers
office not a doctor and everyone called
him in there dr. Schaack it was hot I
got that too these are so good this was
a good idea actually I considered this
light most people whenever I vlog I'm
like oh I'm having a light you're here
cheers eyes hi everybody good as a
server to highlight an island little
dance moment I told her about it I'm
nervous I don't matter
we're gonna dance she's got it maybe
we'll see how goes yours oh here look at
him look crazy
you look so he has funding he's work
hunting today okay we're gonna hunting
after the game oh my hunting for ass for
today you guys I'm like sweating like
I'm sweating at this point like who like
how I'm sweating we are practicing
I'm is like awesome dance studio and I'm
like like actually sweating did you
think that this video is like way more
dancing that I got M PI like sweating on
my armpits chip way more dancing than
I've ever done in any video and I'm like
mmm this is going to post Internet I
think it's going ok we've been dancing
like an hour and I'm already like
drenched in like sweat but yeah we got
our hats I'm gonna show you our final
hat
I have run over Anya cuz I won't like
wipe my forehead from like sweat but
mine says star 80 anyone know what
that's from you guys follow me on
Twitter or like my podcast you'll know
but yeah so now we're just dancing
there's Sean's hat it's like oh right
away before I just taught myself I'm
here I'm like actually like so sweaty
yeah dan so we're gonna subside Ashley I
see it I feel like I'm like not good but
I feel like it's very sexy so I like
that I feel like a stripper again oh so
excited he went pee by the way I wonder
where he has I got my drink
and my Versace BAE I'm so pink today I'm
so paying from like Madonna's I was
vlogging dance we can just tell what
you're just doing what falmouth you're
just doing I said you've been gone
suspiciously long sighs blogging all
your way and what were you doing I just
um I took my morning poop whoa later
phone cause I don't poop so much later
on anything
I know yeah something sexual like
imagine lying on the floor like you know
how you like comforta for good oh my god
we got a snowman aw I keep trying to get
into you imagine my cousin was like hey
hey down there that's on your cool hair
that's so good oh my god show me right
now take your hood off
I can't miss again your hair looks so
bad I can you do I find we need to film
for your big goal you what are you like
doing over your hair trigger please
we're practicing something we're
practicing and um how am i doing dancing
wise is you're my coach okay she's all
nervous which is like I can I can I can
I told Trish
ever since I've seen all her videos you
can dance and she's even surprised me
even more
what shoes Lee does and she's amazing
and she's a born dancer okay tell them
what everybody please tell her that
Tristan dance thank you they're gonna be
like he's just like bullets woke up or
ass
no that blow smoke up arrest you can
dance we can we show them the one the
one move from the side which one okay
all right we won't do it musically the
music's a surprise but here show them
the one we did my favorite one
okay I feel like we should do it okay no
that's a surprise Mitchell OH
we go giving you the giving you the
giving the big and he's like behind me
and then I do
that's my dancing dancing dancing 101
dancing 102 she's amazing
no you're better very talented I have 40
dancing her face not any other shine we
have the buzz the pinkies thank you God
there's a little of me thank you I
appreciate it
today oh my gosh the pink boost Hitler's
a look at our matching hats did we show
our matching hats SP I am yeah you look
so good why do you look so good I look
like a mess today compared to you it's
the red habit he's been showing me
around
Red Hat the Red Hat you look so
beautiful shopping a little half an hour
Melrose were so boozy nothing I'm Mel
driving the P B Brian P P the P piece
we've been going up and down tomorrow
trying to find the shop that I saw him
we can't find it's oh my god I almost
got 14 accident oh god yeah you're like
actually not a good driver
no it's because everyone looks at that
pink are the pink piece I belong on this
one yeah was just the entrance the
mainland what is the store coffee
we're going cuz we're stars alright guys
we're getting lunch Shawn just got lunch
for us at took Paul please my boy what
did you get you got some healthy little
chicken brown rice on black bean black
we and by being me I all I'm beans and
he said we're a lot alike cuz city
dancer eating vegetables he was 30
because I didn't get anything I just got
rice and chicken in my burrito and chips
that's all we got so I'm gonna show you
guys what it looks like inside mmm
Plain Jane I like plain stop praising
Blaine Morton was our lunch date and
suja polly was our prisoner seven days
seven days gosh
I just had I just had a vacancy moment
to rehab
all right something really freaky does
happen and something you should all
never do I learned not to do and I think
I always do not to do but I just didn't
listen to myself or my instincts
Washington have instincts I just saw
someone like flashing their lives at me
and like waving their hand out the
window to pull over like I thought
something I guess was wrong with my car
you know because you know because I just
had a car Fiasco that I'm like knew
something was it together right maybe
and like you know something about fire
or something and I just I don't know
they were really panicked and I should
just it was like a guy yelling like hey
boomer boomer um
and I did and when I saw him like
walking up I kind of panicked but like I
didn't want to do I didn't like drive
like my car was still going he was just
walking so he's like I should just
driven away but I was like nervous
especially cause like I'm a big pink
dragon
was crazy oh but anyways he was just
like we're lost
you know um they see they see Jenny one
because there was like another person in
the car like they she had the light on
and so like we're just lost because she
tells me like a hotel is I really like
kind of a really up in the Hollywood
Hills like way off the main like strip
like straight like I don't know how he
had gotten lost up here like you've to
like go up a hill it's like it loss
appear
and he's doing a Metallica place to stay
and I was just like I don't really know
this area I live here like that kind of
thing and and it just he made like a
weird vibe and he's just like a no like
a car place around here that can fix a
car meet that late like seven o'clock at
night but I just like you know maybe
like a Shell station um then you start
asking them you up my car like where I
get my car service is just like you said
I said you know what like this is not
even my car it's my sisters like I'm
driving it like I'm not I don't live
around here like and it just like was
really like uncomfortable and like he
left but like I don't know maybe I'm
just like overthinking it I don't know
it was just like weird a newzik ask me a
lot of questions
but anyways
so yeah I don't know why that like
freaks me out like it went from like you
know more tells like
meaning like car service like asking
where I get my car serviced it's like am
I gonna get jumped I really kind of
thought that that was so scary
like I said I'm sure I'm like
overthinking and I probably was like not
a big deal but like and there was like a
woman and them in the car I could see
that means anything
so weird
hey that was that story um
oh my god if it gives you such a weird
feeling I'm actually like driving down
issues now another getaway your mood now
but like a not a weird mood just like a
weird feeling I don't know like here
think about that like boom sometimes I
think about that with such amounts
younger I remember like a couple times
like thinking about like odd situations
like when we'd be playing outside cuz I
grew up in Illinois and we were just
like you know like we would walk into
town like kind of live like on the
outskirts of town and we were just like
walk into town like over bridges under
tunnels like and like it is you don't
really think anything of it but like I
remember there's been a few instances
like we were playing on one of those
like I don't know what it is like
underneath the street it's like a big
sewer underneath the street that you can
like walk through I don't know what
that's even called are they even have
those sounds like a big cylinder tunnel
and it's like underneath the street and
just like in the cul-de-sac it was I
just underneath the street in the
cul-de-sac and we just pretend like
Chucky was in their language of thought
was like stupid to say like junkies in
there like eater like a wall in there it
was like you know it wasn't very big or
anything you can't like punch a little
bit over to like walk Fergus is a little
kiddie combined hunched over and
but like just a few times like even in
that little thing like when we come out
like the other side of like our house
would be on like one side when we come
up this I was like just some like open
land and just like a few times or we had
like there just be like random like
people like guys there like you know
just talking to us and like asking us
where we lived and like I remember you
know even back then we were like I mean
we were like not as Pasha's but she
remember like weird holding us to where
we live or something and like
I don't know it's like some random
things that have happened or like when
you're ready for the bus you know in the
morning like we were just like we alone
in the bus stop in the morning it was
crazy so I don't know it's just like
weird when you think about it I don't
know I guess that's why I believe in God
like I feel like you know that's always
like protecting you and I know people
are like what about the people who
aren't protected like you know the ones
that you know get abducted and kidnapped
or killed or you know and I think even
even that even though I haven't been in
that situation I know it'd be so hard to
say if I was in that situation but like
I feel like even that God has like the
plan worked out you know any mean but
you have to believe that because
it is messed up and I know the squirrels
messed up sometimes and you know knock
on wood you know everything has been
kosher but even something like that like
I should not have pulled over I don't
know what I was thinking like it wasn't
a cop book you know and even if that
person needed help I'm not like the
person to be doing that you know I can't
really defend myself like
anyways
none of about bad talking anything like
bad stuff out there like that like
energy and thoughts and just you know
you're more interesting like the worst
but
that's just I know kind of probably a
downer on this like whole like vlog
things just like I don't know it's like
freaking me out I guess more all the
story is girls like don't pull over even
they say even if a cop is pulling pop is
pulling you over or like you think it's
a cop like you know people put like red
and blue lights in their window and you
could still think it's a cop even if a
cop pulls you over like you can either
call a number call the police station
and say like hey I'm gonna grow a wall
like you know if it's like especially if
it's like even if it's like it just
started like look especially it's like a
deserted Road tie like I was on that
deserted but there's like really nothing
around like this is like now I'm back in
like civilization like there's like you
know FedEx and CVS and like people
walking in the streets like you know
it's one thing but like if you're only
just a road or like a highway or
something you didn't call a Playstation
to the K like you make sure there's like
a legit car following me like oh I want
to like pull somewhere safe that I know
I'm safe and like um I think you didn't
like just like cold place to town oh
he's only trying to like help everyone
be safe it is scary it's scary cuz like
shit like that happens and I just get
scared for people you know cuz I'm dumb
and I need some time so anyways alright
I mean nothing about this road I've seen
put some Justin Bieber on and make it
all better
ah so great
