hey guys I look Roger I just woke up um
I woke up to text this morning for my
sister and I saw a little picture and a
bunch of like crying emoji smells like
oh no what happened I couldn't see the
picture and I saw that Mallory would had
died and um I just did podcast on this
um got like super emotional I don't know
how I got there to that point but it's
like 30 minutes long I'll Whittle of you
and I was know people think that I
didn't really know I had videos
scheduled to open for Channel today says
it wasn't playing I didn't even not to
say really um I got a ton of tweets
about people asking like are you okay
and I really looked at her and really
because uh follow me for any amount of
time guys know I was like really
um I loved alloderm Enders there's like
um certain celebrities that just really
affect you in life and he was one of
them and if you guys have all of me for
some time um you know he was one of my
earliest inspirations and first crushes
and um it's just crazy
I think selfishly I just I'm so sad
because I've always wanted to meet him
and tell him how much he influenced my
life in the sense that like I talked
about this briefly on my podcast and
I'll just mention real quick like when I
was you know 13 I love by the way I
loved him it was 13 and I watched over
you his movies I used to go to a little
video store in like right every single
one he was in and I remember I like
stalked him basically and I saw he was
like he said teach classes or like guest
book or like took classes at like the
Royal Shakespeare Company over in
England and it really had a summer
program and thirteen-year-old Trish and
freaking Nowheresville Illinois if we
create an audition tape I don't even
want things place so expensive we would
probably never afford it I made an
audition tape untick headshots oh I
remember the beginning of the tape
saying how much I loved it and that I
wanted he was like man it's free she's
reacting and um if it were acting out a
scene I called it a monologue in my
pockets but it wasn't even monologue I
did a whole scene like the ending seeing
like the rape see and I was like him and
Digger is like too many parts so it is
not how you audition audition dialogue
between two characters
simple I thought I was so crazy but I
just remember V I I really need to meet
him and I really need to make this
happen and be in movies and he's always
inspired me to like you know act and
like I thought the ultimate goal the
ultimate goal for me was to beautiful
Valerie is stupid so dumb it's so dumb
when you think about it like it was like
cool I mean it was like baby he's been
in Scituate movies I don't known as
thinking or where he came out Harry
Potter's like oh my God why wish I was
in it so I could like be next to him I
have already sent him I had a chat for
Harry Potter at a time this is so crazy
um but he's always inspired me I
remember um I said mentions briefly my
podcast to it when I um got out of the
hospital when I was like 19 20 and had
to move back with my dad my dad took me
to see suni Todd cuz he died look alder
what I loved him most excited and I just
remember getting that surface again that
I wanted to be creating it being movies
and going after things and like working
entertainment and I just he is just one
of those like all type people that you
just really want to work with like me
you know nothing else me but if he was
my whole bag as I talk about this I'm
just gonna talk abut it briefly kid but
um I used Tracy I'm letters to celebrity
it's when I was young I wrote him to
everyone I only got three responses back
from Jack Travolta Fabio and um Alan
Reitman and I I sent out both letters a
lot of times but I I wrote a three-page
letter to honor it and I'm we're getting
a lot her back and I don't know if it
was actually from him or from his office
or I don't know but it was a detailed
letter and we acknowledged everything I
said in a paragraph and answered every
single question I had I said I wouldn't
be an actress and I was 13 and I
remember saying my favorite evil Bridey
they wrote back like you know it will
happen for you like keep going like you
know it really touched it said touch me
so it was like written as if it was from
my line art man and like I said who it
knows um never I got the photo back and
had like an inscription on it to me and
I was in not the world to me you know
being 13 in like the Midwest it just
they're really much like the world to me
I don't you know
and um it's crazy it's just like so
crazy I just you know I'm just like a
mess I couldn't say this all in a tweet
or you know kind of face misty I can't
convey sadness and the emotion you know
because I was tweeting me new video
today and you know I said happy birthday
to my friend hair stylist angel and no I
was just kind of gonna go forward but
everyone kept treating me which is so
sweet because like a lot of people knew
you know that I looked low damp and so
then I kept treating me in the more that
I was fake tweeted I'm so emotional I
was getting and it's just like I can't
respond like I can't couldn't possibly
say all this you through a video or
podcast like nut for those a tweet you
know um I just always really really
loved him is just really really sad I
wasn't even this effective when Michael
Jackson died now it's a huge Michael
Jackson fan and you get emotional like
this sometimes like when I watch Elvis
and stuff because this is on a selfish
level is like I'll never get to meet
those people that like impacted my life
so much Allen was one of them for sure
he started on his theater in theater
that's why I did theater as younger cuz
I just like oh he started in theater
like um but yeah I'm celebrating his
life more my podcast it's a little bro
upbeat so if you guys want to listen to
that um I guess I'll put it below um I
just really felt like I had to talk
about it and my sister and I just
anyways girls into that we have my Harry
Potter home cried it like his death his
Snape step and just there's a lot more
but um I just have it is really really
loved him and um as I ended my podcast
you know it's like life is short I had a
dream last day actually terrible dream
about one of my nightmare actually but
one of my own feeling member is and it
was really it was really awful I was
really awful so to wake up to this I was
like dad is suck that's not sad like
a lot of people aren't really doubt that
I am that's inevitable I think we all
have to die and it's really really sad I
just I can't deal with that like good
yeah I'm worried I'm over someone that I
never even met like I couldn't deal with
it someone so close like I really have
to die before any my family does cuz I
would just kind of handle it and so I
think my podcast like life is really
really short it's like we need to
appreciate it
and go after things you want life like
life is too short to not say you know to
me and I kind of always live my life
that way and I'm gonna continue to
because my life scary sometimes
sometimes I don't know if I have it all
together and like what I'm gonna do in
my future it's really scary but like I'm
gonna just keep living at home yeah
because I'm doing stuff I love and I'm
trying to make something happen and I
think that's what's important and if I
were to die tomorrow you know at least
you could see I tried everything and I
lived to really like happy lights and
stuff so all this just kind of came at a
bad timing I suppose my nightmare last
night and then wake up to this and then
all the tweets and then just realizing
like I need to be doing more and like
why did I do more before I get so like
mad at myself like why could you been
Harry Potter just like what I'm not
British but also it's like mmm or
Johanna and it's me hi like she wasn't
by my age like why can I gotten further
in my life but I'm so stupid
um but you know really happens because
the way it's supposed to but anyways I'm
gonna end the video here thank you guys
for all your tweets and um love and I'm
so sorry I was like it was crazy and
woke up this way from Chester Mercer I
actually did cry I'm like I'm like she's
devastated
she's like I know I know um but okay I'm
sure there's a I don't know if there's
children via video going up today on
this channel I don't know what's
happening
I'll figure it out um but I love you
guys and um what's the guy than I said
yeah mmm
