oh my goodness people like people speed
down this road or so friggin fast and
I'm like you guys are so stupid
oh it's literally like the two most
treacherous Road like you could possibly
ever be on people just are zooming I
always pull over over there to like let
people pass me because I'm just not
about to be flying off no cliffs um you
guys I'm in a car vlog and I have makeup
odd because I'm going to go film an
awesome collapse I think it's gonna be
awesome action everyone I'm actually
really really nervous but I'm actually
going to his house which is actually
kind of weird cuz people always are like
I'll come to you
which it's like cool because you don't
believe your house makes it really easy
but like I don't know I like going to
people's houses in like a change of
scenery and this particular youtuber I
have seen his house in his like vlogs
and stuff and I am so excited to see a
because I'm like a fan and I'm gonna so
tell him to I'm like a big doctor
mouthing I happen to be a cutter called
here forever he does these big musical
like videos like I just I love him he
loves Disney and Broadway and is like
everything I love and I just I'm really
excited I would you meet a fellow Disney
nerd musical theater geek if you just
get really like you just have this
connection because musical theater is
like is a big community but it's like
most people you meet like everyday life
are not down to listen to the something
rotten soundtrack which he has tweeted
he's seen something around twice show me
so yeah and this necklace is right
between my cleavage awesome um so yeah
so I'm driving there no I'm so excited
I'm so nervous as I am such a big deal
like a lot people at club with many
other views are cool like your vloggers
but he's just so talented I'm just so
honored that like he even wanted to clap
with me so I'm really really excited I
got my
so can't even see that Elvis has so
stretched out my little boobies but not
even the point not even the point I'm
close oh also I have a my little pony
foam case which I just put on today
because I just got it
but I kind of was putting off for a
while like use it I guess but I put it
on because I feel like this is my tatra
but like it is very similar like style
to like I just really really love him I
feel like he's like the male version of
myself if I was like a talented singer
and dancer and actor and producer and
mic yeah so he's what I want to be we'll
put it that way so I'm just so stinkin
excited I can't even contain my
excitement at all
I did a target haul before I came and I
told these muddy buddies council but
I've been eating like 500 of those baked
so they're so tiny because you're like
oh that's right I can eat another one
but inhales a mile big I was listening
to rape me by Nirvana right before I
started vlogging like I just came on
like that was cool last time I guess my
iPod was on and I just started not like
just giving me a weird vibe right now
I'm ready to go to Disney and Broadway
yet listen to Nirvana okay cool great we
wait me and my friends that one says
rape me my friends I don't even if
that's the right word and thinking about
it I hope that's on the right word cuz
that's actually like really weird
I love his voice I love his voice I used
to like not even care about Nirvana but
I'm like obsessed with them now it
literally to be like like
it just turned me a circle
version one ended up
cruising on the street and maki wagon I
was watching Conan and Kevin Hart and
iced tea ice cube
ice cube teachers grow how to drive so
funny you all right accident now where
do I go biatch
oh my gosh I'm so excited getting
nervous I'm minutes away I'm so nervous
hi you did the song if you go on Virgin
America flight is the safety song about
virgin I may have a cannoli all the
places you want to be fly away with me
this is so weird I like never being girl
less a young girl this hard was Holly
over Shane when I met Shane I was Miley
I just can't aspire to be around people
who are like talented successful like
driven like hungry like todrick was on
American Idol but like the difference
between him and other people who aren't
American else he like kept going like he
wasn't like okay I'm an American Idol
come to me like he goes after his shit
and I just I love being around people
like that like I just it's so inspiring
to me because I kind of you know I kind
of feel like that's how I am what I am
someone who's made a career like in
entertainment without having really
substantial like entertainment talent
and I think that has a lot to be said
just by like going after things you want
like if you miss some things or you're
not right for some things you're gonna
fall into what you are right for and you
can feel like an EJ get there's there
was trust me there was no one quiet like
they're out like like me like I'm kind
of crazy and like weird and like I don't
really like I said have a discernible
talent per se but like there was like
that little like niche of wanting
meeting Trish I don't know I think I
don't know I just think like I don't say
that like as a brag I say it more as
like you know if you think you don't
really fit in and your dream job like
try it anyways and maybe a dream job
will be created for you oh my god you
guys know every time this was like
rushing around all day we just filmed
collabs it took like three hours it was
the best day of my life though I'm not
just saying this either I had so much
fun let me take the camera this is very
serious holiday light first of all yes
serving Marilyn Monroe Jessica Rabbit
realness um okay first of all I have
this issue where I have like Rapunzel
nose hairs may like come out of mine to
my chin I can see my whisker right there
that's so cute leave it there I said be
yours yours your signature um I had why
am i looking up here at myself yeah okay
y'all I had the best day of my life
working with Trisha she is amazing and I
thought I knew so much about her before
but literally she is just the sweetest
person we clicked and I don't even want
to go do the things I have to do today
which are super cool so we might want to
cancel them hang out with just how
amazing of a person she is she's my new
best friend and I'm so glad this was
like I was having not that good of a day
today yeah you had some things happening
yeah and when she came over and I was
just like okay I really want to do this
collab so but it's like been like my
whole day my whole energy has been
turned around yeah I'm not even just
saying that idea you're so nice you'll
see the block if you watch this
beforehand you'll see like me on my way
here being so nervous like I'm seeing
all your songs where I'm so nervous I'm
so nervous oh my god this is amazing
that we're like right now and look at
twinsies um I don't have boobs yet but
I'm gonna get through it again
um but anyway it was such like
legitimately saying this like I have not
had a collab with any I mean I've collab
with really awesome people like super
fruit and Kelleen but I knew them all
before and so I have not I just started
doing the whole collab thing like I
don't do it very often
and I was always like so nervous to like
work with people because I'm nervous
that it's just not gonna be like magical
and this is so imagine wise it was
everything I was it's like a blind date
if I know we definitely get another day
oh yeah
yeah thank you I would for sure do it
and I don't even touch boobs actually no
you did a day I get today twice again
okay hey guys
this is my fate and I out TM yeah I do
not know what to wear I didn't know to
wear and this is like not the cutest out
forever but it's really comfortable for
a date zone my earrings are whenever to
get these oh I'm gonna forget oh they're
really really cute and they were really
really cheap guys right a brochure these
in a video huh angle oh my god I showed
him to view I just remembered of an
angle like cheap-ass white tank top from
Target um this is like a navy blue it
looks like black what's a navy blue
skirt with some black of boots from
Macy's and then this little thing is
just like from forever 21
it's really comfortable Sean's taking
out to Red Lobster tonight and we're
gonna chow down he's like where'd you
want to go I said a Red Lobster
so this is my date night cup of tea then
like a soup yeah I feel like a superhero
okay
I'm going crazy was I was trying to show
you guys the Red Lobster sign but it's
not focusing so I'll show you when I get
out of the car
oh thank you your car so low I just gave
a crotch shot to everybody
Red Lobster time he hasn't done a video
since we filmed our boyfriend tag we're
going to Red Lobster she's placed on her
yeah because we're two trashing people
oh no no I have a Alex I like the half
man oh my god with my baby we just drove
like um 100 miles to get here I think
we're in Arizona how cuz he does not
know how to follow directions
you always get over everything things
for date night man yeah mister you can't
do BAM anymore no I'm not Bam's over it
oh my gosh you guys look at this drink
what is this haul um mama likes a drink
oh mama does like a drinky this looks
amazing and we got hello this looks so
amazing wait do you just drink it out of
Hubbard you can vinegar let me give it
to you I can't hold it if he's a good
strawberry cheesecake I know I'm so
family it's not amazing
yeah what I love this drink is so good
he's getting one too so we're it look it
you put your back on he took his eye off
I mean I put it back on so much better
for date night and you get hella cute
now either party can that's your
signature pose you didn't always do this
oh here's just one boy here's my
boarders welcome out own Texas love it
days should be forever let's do the girl
okay and how do you why you're staying
coming you well what I'm with Nash but
you can have the shade out right like
what else can I do make table national
tribal oh boy
I'm gonna do probably that okay so you
want to be broadly in the mash yeah and
Caesar garden never side no salad so
much sugar works outside maybe change
your mind during the mail let me know
you don't want another side okay won't
you change your behind outside you're
like you know I want blah blah blah and
what if I get assigned I give it to you
and then you can eat your side with
Wanda no one has a real man no Wanda
Wanda is a 200 on hotel Wanda because
this is look so bad okay I can finally
show Sean what did you say wait this was
this is all you know it's true love
because I was a novice to hedge trio and
chicken we went for a side of mashed
potatoes and what did you say she don't
like broccoli yeah you like don't give
her any broccoli again my carlini
broccoli uh-huh to be a food fight with
vegetable pasta so we got mashed
potatoes and fries so we're gonna be so
daddy's name and everybody what else I
need to make more videos like what the
heck is happening
I'm what the home doing only it hasn't
made one video since we did our like
video together and you guys like liked
him but yeah my eyelashes wonky why
didn't you tell me this eyelashes like
club it's like up right oh yeah that was
wonky skin babe I know is it jump like
Disneyland or Sunday yeah it looks so
good yes we need the moment um what do
we need
nah you need another drink no I don't
I'm good okay let me know okay being on
how you're doing thank you changes oh
shit I need to know about Thanks oh my
god we do love her okay this is what I
got we sharing we're sharing our little
meals here yeah I'm gonna feed her
you're meeting your weird feeling things
okay so he look at this fucking anyone
yes it was that's right steak shrimp
potatoes we're classy we're classy
classy people look like you're like
modeling for anyone then I got pasta
shrimp wait oh my god there's like so
much shrimp there's from peers your
peers shrimp here yeah sure here Friday
strip their shrimp in his pants and then
the mashed potatoes yeah I know biggest
shrimp jumbo shrimp
yeah maybe chef may go jump off that one
doesn't your nose doesn't know yeah he's
cook what I'm doing on it - he didn't
eat something broccoli that he had to
hit on the foot inside and try to force
her to eat food I don't even eat the
food that I try to force it at me so
proud failure yeah I'm a complete
failure everything not you know what you
just should be there cuz I'm gonna feed
him - later oh my god you're so stupid
when I dance for them in the future I'm
now we're dancing I love this like angle
it's just your mouth right now it's all
I'm saying is your lips because you're
covering your face which is like making
me uncomfortable
Mary is no one miss your face
ooh Channing Tatum I'm on a date it's
like that's my look at this whoa wait
what did you another drink
what thank you it's all right you're so
cool yo Thank You Apollo thank you
follow is your fuckin drink Hawaiian
everything okay around the world thank
you
what do I owe that was how is bars a
drink from Mexico
you love that wants us to drink around
the world oh oh my god Jolanda no one
had to watch you don't want to be on as
you said oh no this is the witness
protection
there's no name tag we got keep it up
I can't free money oh my god scandal you
wanna come on oh my god I love this
wait why don't you take Sydney on same
time come on wait why do we get this for
real I like this part ten I like social
like you know he really likes your boobs
only home I gonna I can't my boobs don't
fit over there how are we gonna do it it
was an anthem like lean into it
hold your own college boat pull those
elbows this beautiful babies yay drinks
round 16 wears out round 16 yeah
underwear on I always get my Ellen
underwear oh man are you owning that's
not the only thing doesn't MiraCosta
singing no I must sing it
now you put me on the spot Justino let's
have a drink first hey have a drink sing
it one drink I ever hey go what I'm
sorry I'll join you I can't remember how
does this I really can't remember what
were we just seeing Oh Donna this is it
why are we just doing um go you know no
yeah why aren't you seeing it there
Cheers what do you mean that one go
did you see it's good to see you mmm I
love you when are we as seriously what
singer hmm hmm when you don't nod your
head yes but you go hmm do you start it
and I'll start it like Simon holds quite
for sure yeah you started in all
commitment what do you mean come on you
know when you nod your head yes but you
wanna say no we're not is it too late
guys say sorry on this is more than yeah
yeah mum is it too late now to say sorry
and I know that's what you wanna nap is
it too late to say sorry now good what's
an amazing dinner by the way
now he's gonna strip for me we post some
whack this is this is a little crazy
you're crazy that fucking this is my
life by the way I love all Tracy's
fishies yeah yeah it's some really good
people I know I do do but it makes sense
look at this face got beautiful his face
Oh Oh careful
I can see I'll do that attractive thing
thanks babe cheers Cheers you love to
your thing so much you just Prost
Cheers post Probst German salut salut
um nostrovia see you dad ro ro yeah
