oh my gosh you guys it is raining so
hard in here and a lime but it is like
kind of brave mmm um
it is raining so hard and I like do not
want to leave my house but I have to
have to get to the bank because I have
not gone to the bank in like a month
and I have like international cheques
from like my books and stuff so I I
can't like do it you know with a phone
app or anything like I have to
physically go to the bank and I've been
putting it off and like the checkbook
expire like I didn't even know checks
expire actually I didn't know that
because um I make a little conscious
when you get older you get like well
maybe just my family I don't know you
get like little like whiskers on your
chin and my cum like one every like
three months but they call my god of
nowhere it's like really hard all beset
him anyways um yeah so it's just like
sometimes we're gonna move through again
a decade you actually need to probably
tweeze that um oh there's like water
that was like no joke um
I have no idea where I was going with
that
oh yes I have to go to think was that
whole story
um but you haven't in a car vlog in like
a minute I mean I put this whole thing
so I'm really a car vlog but so much is
happening in January my Shaunie comes
back to Marva so excited a lot of guys
have been asking like where's Sean like
you know he went back home um I think
he's from New Jersey he's from New
Jersey I don't know that's where he went
or he went to like Philadelphia or
something I don't know you know he's in
New York City at one point I'm just
really excited like I hung out with
Shane and drew lost my like I need
friends it's so funny I like never had
friends like I just was always like I
have no friends and it's kind of like my
thing that had no friends and I always
talking about not having friends in fact
I talked about not having friends like
years after I started having friends
because like it was just my thing like I
just never had friends um but now I had
to and I like need them in my life so
much and I didn't really realize I think
because like I had a boy I used to have
like I used to like always be in like a
real relationship I know I was just like
in one for like ten half years sounds
like not a real relationship obviously
um but like an actual relationship where
I like see the person everyday and like
we do stuff and like that kind of thing
you know what I mean like I've always
been that kind of girl to be in those
relationships and late in my later on
adult life I don't know which is because
I have major trust issues like major
trust issues with guys that it's like
it's it's actually hinders me in a lot
of ways because I sometimes I just can't
get over it like if this guy started
seeing again like a month ago like I've
just been so jealous and he's giving me
like no reason to be like I get really
jealous and really like
yeah just a crazy really is what it is
and I just I don't know sorry I was like
scratching my nose I just don't know
really how to like overcome it because
I've just been always lied to and like
cheated on like I'm always getting lied
to like I honestly like I just I just
don't know why I like people to lie to
me like if you're gonna cheat I've
always said this like if you if you find
someone new I thought that I've always
others I think is talk about our podcast
recently but it's like if you find
someone new like you oh the person that
you're like seeing your with whatever
dating to like be honest with them and
just be like you know there's I met
someone else like it's gonna suck for
that person and like maybe you feel bad
but like you know you find someone else
you find someone else like and I can
honestly say I mean I've been in like
I've dated people where I found other
got people but like when I'm actually in
love with someone in a relationship I've
never found someone else I kind of don't
know that feeling but I have dated
people warm just like hey like you know
it's just not it's just not like working
out you know what I mean so I mean I
guess I've been on that end too but I
like I said I'm always like honest I
feel like it's better to be honest than
just like sneaking around especially
that person likes you or they're like
you know investing emotions and time
into you and stuff like that like it's
not fair to you know drag them along if
you will but yeah
it's still raining this is crazy I like
waited as long as I could before o'clock
but it's like still raining um
but I'm venturing down on Hollywood
that's my closest bank which is actually
like not that close to my house might
though everybody looked at there was
like two banks near like my go-to it's
like there was like two of them like
near me so I was like really support
like I could walk to both of them
they're like super close these are just
shofar and sickles
but the ears pumped I think about the
rain no one's out I'm like gonna get
home as soon as possible I get like I
like get really nervous yes yes you're
saying that's like a cancel my plan
because I get really nervous to go out
in the rain and kind of not because I
think I'm a terrible driver I mean I
think I might not the best driver but
also just like I feel like I don't know
I don't know I just don't dress like
other people driving I don't know it's
like a weird superstition like going out
in the rain which is good thing I live
in California cause it like rarely it
really rains here but
people are going really fast to which I
don't know the guys that we're seeing
there was like a whole like trail behind
me like the hell I love up it's like a
really like treacherous kind of hell so
I always go slow but people always are
going so frickin past Oh
let there be brightness I am um like hey
yep so going past the Hollywood pool I
feel like I'm doing like a star tour
like this is Hollywood this is LA
yeah so that's what's been going on in
my life so yes today I'm just like
literally just chilling and I'm going to
edit some vlogs in fact anything that's
gonna block right now I don't know
something was like you should walk um so
I'm going to be editing blogs today and
then tomorrow I'm going to be filming
main channel videos I have to do routine
videos like it has been on my list for
months to film like a morning routine
nighttime routine I have to do it new
year it's like I have no excuse now so I
have to do that Oh oh my gosh I'm
shooting a class tomorrow I for oh my
god oh I'm so excited oh my god a new
person I've never even like met before
but I'm winning heat but we started
following me on Twitter oh my god and he
actually asked me in a cloud like people
I follow and like love on YouTube that I
feel like would never like me I think I
was like obnoxious or something like I'm
always so scared like reach out it's
like so weird I'm like really scared to
reach out to like certain people and
like he's one of these people because
like I'm obsessed with his videos so
much um ah he's so excited I don't know
if I'm gonna even like walk with him
we'll see you like feel it out you don't
I mean like I don't know like I'm really
excited I rarely I don't have ever ever
clappers someone I never met before I
think the only one is Joshua DTV I don't
think I met him before we call out
but it was a really fun clap and so and
he actually texted me I should try and
clap with him before he leaves by the
way got my new old Sunday where I got my
old pink case back on and I got my Trish
you can get these at etsy.com
slash shop slash the Alliance and I have
a code Trish for 10% off and the oh I
should explain this actually while I'm
talking about it they are pricey okay I
don't what I don't set the price because
I don't own at sea like or obviously
don't own that soup I don't like run the
Alliance shop like it was just someone
like I bought from and then like we just
I just bought a lot from them and then
you know they saw myself on like YouTube
and stuff and then they start off for me
discount code and then they start like
oh my god we should do like Trish stuff
and I was like super excited about it
yes because I used to get like all my
own like stuff customized I'm like and
people would always pick where did you
get it and like some people like wanted
to buy it and I like never even really
like thought about it and I was just
like why not sell it so I told her I
said yeah you can totally sell you know
I gave her like images to use and she's
like bedazzles them and stuff like this
is all like hand like glued on there and
um so but the way the way she um puts on
these like stones and stuff are all like
hand hand glued so yeah I don't know
it's it's really good quality like when
you
it's like just really nice quality it's
like I don't know look I don't like I
said I don't set the prices like you
know it's whatever like the cost of like
labor and materials are and the crystals
are like really really nice and stuff so
don't like shoot the messenger like I'm
not saying like I'm this one like oh my
god don't like buy it if you don't want
I just love it so much and some people
had asked me on my superficial bitch but
they made me like if they could buy one
of those and I was like well I mean we
could so you know oh yeah anyways I was
that I also have a pink pig cell phone
charger this very pink oh and that stuff
back there is the Wonder Woman stuff and
that Shane's mom got me for Christmas
which is so so sweet I am going to wear
them as soon as it gets a little a
little um I'm a chipmunk I'm a tree
cute stuff here at staples that sub
planners got a journal mini pavatt pen I
don't know what I'm gonna get it for me
just at the railroad Oh book I have
several drivers oh yeah this is like the
plain notebook and these are for the
genders mmm meatballs
I like this too it's like really small
so cute
I guess just our ticket still I
convinced cute stone cute
I chase okay
my other favorite ion highlighters and
pens got a pencil case in there since we
last talked about this hi oh my gosh
chef Erin Condren planners I hit the
jackpot between that one and this is an
interesting notebook think I gotta get
this one
