alright post my teachers brought me some
groceries he was so nice it's pouring
rain today and that's why I canceled my
appointment um for like the fourth time
but whatevs um he's like there's a lot
of rocks on my Main Street he's like
they're all like falling so I think if
you can help not going out don't you
super nice and you brought my bags in
for me I also get to pick what I got
today really was craving some grilled
cheese burger naan bread yesterday oh
these are weird
this threw me off I was like wait are
these Cool Ranch yeah these are just for
a rainy day um yeah I took another one
of these things just to make sure my my
situation was under control getting hit
at case for that today so no I'm not
having one got some multi-grain Cheerios
I've been so sick of like eating Alec
ordering out that I'm like I'm gonna get
some food in my house more dislike I
just like to have snacks
these are children I was watching this
vlog today and that's actually what
inspired me to get but by the way if you
just think I always like I said oh it as
like a snack I don't I really don't look
at my I mean I do sometimes obviously
it's why I have them but like I saw like
Little Debbie snacks in there like these
cookies have like never been open I just
like the idea of having them in case I
need them but yeah I just kind of get
snacks I just didn't have like chips in
here and sometimes I thought they needed
something salty okay let's continue with
this haul okay this is so fun okay
that's it for that bag then I got some
eggs because you know I do get hungry in
the mornings and I don't want to have to
like order out breakfast that's like
still annoying and I got some I can do
that one about Matthew it's how I make
my grilled cheese with thick these I got
some cool usually I got grapes but they
were like all out of the grapes I like
and then I got some one off and then
look I got this - for my vagina health
some probiotic Greek yogurt heated good
I had no idea what probiotic yogurt
meant but I guess it just says it on
there um another that's my little food
haul I'm gonna make some grilled cheese
right now and yeah
rainy day and edit blogs do a podcast
that's money I usually make it two
separate sandwiches but I think this
time since the bread is like so wide I'm
going to choose the Brad one sandwich
but then two cheese slices
don't you turn it on a lot seems a lot
yogurt
I mean I like raki over I don't know if
there's like much of a different doesn't
these bad mmm if it can prevent me from
feeling how I felt last night
I'll eat all of it mmm no it's all focus
yet hey y'all welcome to El Torito I
have another point I know is here you
don't do what you normally do you
usually catch up on what they just saw
in livesplit Oh as you just saw Trisha
what did you do this is the beginning
oh hi guys welcome to a video if you hit
that like button down there begin to
500,000 will take you all to Mexican
food with us yeah calm down
can you chicken out good luck
right your skin good you're ready lowing
I mean yo you busted your head open
you're busted oh no that's mine
oh it in my eye in a video never be out
of court come on how are you gonna show
like the time in your kitchen your do
you think I am you're covering it up for
my views right now yeah I don't want
someone to snap it Brad out to read on a
date by ourselves what no one else was
there was a sterile jury like you what
about a date with me is it okay I was
like a girl yeah they were like Elsa
week yeah and we came this us too no
chance in the bathroom we would never
hang out alone and he said it for target
I'm ready
guys get ready for a hard blow card day
that's what my mom said like the garbha
barb oh my mom loves you though good she
should she wants to see that Kleenex on
that day she wasn't what Kleenex on the
day oh I'm getting fitted for a crown El
Torito Queens living my ultra to life oh
look it fits your head you said I
literally had to make it the last oh
yeah it looks good mine look at me I
look oh my god killing him telling it
always hi Queen El Torito Queens we look
good we look like we have been evil
times we did I look not great tonight
but it's fine
you all right no you look so good we're
going in a pink g-wagon so we're cool oh
my god we should get a picture with our
alter ego has in front of the pinky wig
I I didn't I thought you'd never asked I
wanted you
should you yeah like sure um no y-you
take it oh my god I thought someone will
steal nobody and I'm not into it right
now
are you serious my whole body's making
nervous well I'll have them say pick
Amelia okey pics of me in her home oh my
god
is missing it yeah yes every night yeah
my balls
mmm
okay guys we are back for that's more
Christmas gifts and this is from Mama
the Hessian mama Risa it's like Mother
Teresa but mama Teresa Here I am
I'm some chains mom shows it gives me
like really thoughtful gifts I think
I'll do some more emotional mrs. what I
look crazy like a quesadilla is coming I
like it using my little shout why Matt
seems I've no because then you'll see
scenes like house do you like this i'll
ASMR easier okay all right you hold this
while I open it but just get the
presents all right tried you answer mine
we should always smart the same time it
has been a smart okay cool
have a hot that sounds ok you know just
go ahead and
fuck I know my little pinky guys I think
you can we're stopping up you know how
to do it me smart I need you
sorry people are gonna get mad we have
another I didn't do more of these videos
I am pretty good at it I need to do more
oh thank you I love fashion show all
your mom was here we did her for my
little pussy I
she was think I have a really little
vagina like that's nice but I kind of
love these I love yous not memoriam I
saw these at Target I probably would get
them cuz they're pink she said it was
cuz you were Supergirl Oh Oh Wonder
Woman I like that I honestly love that I
really do and then this oh oh I think
this is actually super cute and I would
just shoot this in park as I honestly
would buy this if this was some area
this almost looks blue here the target
though seems a little busier than target
I like it know that he's about all of
your mom thing is mama thank you mother
Theresa
I think Mother Teresa gifts all right
comes a bit um is it recording
no oh my god it's like a matchbook quick
oh nice actually but I think it's nice
people must know I love plush throws
I've been getting a lot of push up I got
four plush those for Christmas
oh I can't include me what I got for
Christmas video I mean part two / - yes
those good to get the views I think you
know uh Hopkins thank you so much love
love my present
thanks thanks for pitching so much tuna
drew next is my video yeah we got the
living room
