oh my goodness hey guys I was like a hot
mess and I'm still wearing my Christmas
Trish shirt because you know it's just
what I've been wearing um but okay guys
I woke up this morning and I felt good I
felt really happy this morning I was in
a good mood
- this thing on my face I was in a good
mood
kind of cool no hasn't been booed in
those ring comments on my blog actually
posted today today is January 4th and
people were being like kind of like
moved my New Year's Eve on and people
were kind of like being so mean about
like my looks and stuff and like my size
and my weight it was really weird
because like I get paid comments about
the way and hook in my weight and how I
eat and stuff all the time but like
today was a really harsh like people
were being like really mean and it kind
of is like a weird way to start your day
right like kind of like cuz you just
wake up right when you just wake up kind
of like you don't you're not really
yourself you're not really like focusing
on anything so when that's the first
thing you wake up to it's kind of a
little like jarring but aside from that
before I read the comments I woke up
feeling like this is gonna be a good day
like I read my horoscope and my
horoscope was good like I think this is
gonna be a good day bla bla bla
I just realized today is my 9 year
anniversary on YouTube oh my gosh you
guys so I've been just snapchatting and
instagramming this video it's still up
is called rapper t bonding matures in a
minute on my main channel that was posed
to January 4 2007 where were you guys On
January 4th 2007 were you guys even born
yeah like I don't even know I was 18 I
was fetus Trish and I'm gonna show you
just now what fetus church looked like
alright so there's a fetus fetus you
guys look here's the date so today's
date January 4th and then January 4th
oh my gosh look at look at what I wrote
to the newest hottest sensation to hit
hip hop rap or T or blondie that's me
I set up like what weight-wise is not
liked up like um yeah it's me rapping
and wait just like a split into the
intro because I only had a camera that
recorded 60 seconds at a time and I
didn't know how to edit back then so I
like how to do everything really quickly
and I redid this a bunch of time just
get under 60 seconds watch fuzzy fuzzy I
made out with one head and talent
that's where to the end wait Oh
oh my god oh if you guys want to watch
the whole video like I'll link italics
you link it below because it's so crazy
to watch like it's I'm gonna go down
like a hole now I just know it and like
watch like other videos because I
remember I was a posting touch autofocus
cancel but my things always messing up I
here okay let me get this autofocus is
hold on
okay focus focus focus focus focus okay
like having a dog
this camera is like weird cuz I was I
had to remember how to autofocus it but
um yeah I think I went on a hole because
I used to post every single day like I
got addicted because I was so bored in
my little apartment by the way I know my
hair is like ratchet like yeah this is
my hairdo that guys um I know like I was
started from the bottom now we're here
this is what happens when you've been in
LA for nine years and you're still on
YouTube no I love YouTube you guys I see
that a hundred percent jokingly because
you do guys like changed my life and
YouTube is my life and it's still really
fun and if I didn't have YouTube app I
still be really bored in a studio
apartment so I love YouTube so much and
I I don't think I would ever get off of
ever ever ever like you know as long as
itself on doing it and like people still
care I love YouTube like I love it so
much so I don't foresee myself like ever
stopping it because it was a hobby back
then just to kimra boredom and it's a
hobby now and what I was writing is my
caption on like Facebook and Twitter and
all those things was um what was I going
with that there was a story you know
what I have to reread my facebook post
now because there was a story that I was
going with that
and I was going to acknowledge it stand
by
I'm so glad someone actually like
tweeted this to me because I didn't
really know in fact I thought I missed
because I actually started my channel
January 3rd but I didn't post till
January um let me read my speech 9 years
ago today I pushed post to my first ever
video on YouTube oh I know I was going
with the photo bucket that's where I was
going I'm going to still bring my speech
anyways my acceptance speech
nine years ago Tuesday I posted my first
ever video on YouTube I was 18 years old
on my facebook by the way six months
fresh to Los Angeles lonely and
desperate for attention not much has
changed I remember wanting to be famous
on MySpace and only way to embed a video
on myspace was to go through photo
bucket or YouTube I chose YouTube thank
God we're gonna go back to that a minute
watch the video here I would say I made
18 year old Trish pretty proud of what
we have achieved became and inspired I
can't believe it's nine years on YouTube
I'm 27 years old now if you've been
watching since the beginning you and
it's my entire adult life
the Internet so crazy and I want to have
any other way thank you for being a part
of my journey and my life here's to
another decade of memories I will share
with you all and I totally mean that oh
hey hey now okay cool um no the photo
bucket it's so funny because like it
that's the truth and it's so funny when
I was like writing that because I kind
of what am I trying to do with this hair
though we're gonna do a side pony make
it at the 80s bring in the 80s back um
by the way everyone was saying oh your
skin so bowels gift leprosy like chill
the fuck out like seriously chill the
fuck out like it's like thank God be you
should be thanking God you don't have my
skin not leaving mean comments like you
leaving mean comments is not gonna make
my skin better you leaving mean comments
won't make me like I mean I don't know
what the goal is actually like is it cuz
I'm trying to think do they want me to
put makeup on for then like they want to
see my pretty face with makeup or why
are they watching or like do they want
me to kill myself because I think I look
so my skin so badly I don't really
understand the point of those comments
and it's more some people like we're
like your eyes look bruised which i
think is just the Beggs and rise and
they're like i'm concerned i guess i
kind of get that like it's out of
concern or something but like some
people are just like your skin is the
most discussing the routine like it's
not going to make your skin better I
thought maybe my skin better like what
is the point like what is the point I
got to understand like what the point is
you don't think I like look at my skin
every day and like know what it looks
like I digress but I don't know make one
anyways um I don't care I don't care but
like it does like one is that the one
that's the first thing you read of a day
it kind of does like but you know weird
mood like what the hell is this world
coming to anyways um okay this is like
yeah so yeah you had to embed you had to
get a code to embed a video on MySpace
and there was two options photo bucket
in YouTube and with the photo bucket I
just remember like my passwords always
like I never could remember my password
for it was just like really really
confusing and YouTube I was just always
logged in at the time so I just remember
like always uploading it to YouTube and
I realized like I got my first comment
on that video maybe like within a day or
two a posting and I just remember being
like oh my god I'm famous like someone's
watching me and like Indiana like I
thought that was a huge deal outta my
face
going on I thought that was such a huge
deal I was like oh my gosh I don't
remember what the first comment was but
I remember I had like five comments in
like a week and I think that is a lot
for anyone starting a channel like to
get five comments
let me guess now everyone's like on
YouTube but like four back then like
YouTube was just like not a thing
this was like YouTube was around for
like a year um so I am one of the og
youtubers I feel I think um but I posted
regularly for like months because I
loved it I was addicted and I was really
bored and nothing else to do I had a
camera that recorded 60 seconds of video
at a time no idea how to edit or
anything and it's just really crazy and
then I kind of geared my first one
happened to be rapping because I thought
fast-talking was like a unique skill of
mine and who would have thought that
that's what got me on like Ellen and
America's Got Talent and like other TV
shows and Guinness World Records but I
just thought okay well this is a good
talent of mine let's try and go with it
but then and actually my first viral
video was my world's fastest talker I
think it has like six million views and
that actually was like my first viral
video and that's when like AGT contacted
me and Jimmy Kimmel met all these people
um but I digress or is it oh so then I
thought oh you know what maybe I could
use this platform someone indiana's
watching me maybe quit dancer you know
I'd be watching me so I remember I
posted a bunch of videos after that for
Quentin Tarantino I think it was like
maybe 50 videos like acting out Quentin
Tarantino scenes sharing like one
Tarantino collection and it worked too
because actually met Quinn you guys I
think you guys know the story um you
know Eli on MySpace on my page that was
completely dead it could dedicate it to
Quentin the wallpaper my videos
everything was quitting Tarantino and he
invited me to this thing that Quentin
was gonna be at this like movie
screening and I met Quentin and yeah it
was really really cool so that's goal
achieved so pretty much all my goals and
dreams have come true because of YouTube
and because of you guys so anyways I
thought it was really I don't know I
just felt like I had to vlog I know I
look crazy and I'm sorry for those that
I completely discussed with my skin I'm
so sorry I've no idea why you watch
these videos unless you're like a
glutton for punishment
you hate my skin so much you're just
like I have to keep watching because I
think it's so ugly which I get I guess I
hate watching right someone who is just
such a mess okay well you know what glad
you're here
keep coming back need the views um no
but for those of you who actually watch
me because you find me interesting or
you like me or whatever
thank you is and thank you for making my
youtube journey awesome and happy
nine-year anniversary to me I feel like
I should be doing something special for
I'm literally not doing anything today
so anyways that's my day I'm going to
make grilled cheese so that's a lie oh
and I've been binge-watching
a Beverly Hills Mantua know the original
and Ray Pruitt so lot but he was abusive
and he pushed down and down the stairs
and I love how we all just like ignored
that we're just like we still love Ray
90s TV was so not PC but anyways I know
I look like off balancing my shirt was
like crooked or something I don't know
okay I think that's better or not or
kn'l but anyways yeah I'm gonna just
like chill and finish reading the
comments on my my first video because I
was exciting I just thought on Twitter
and probably like edit a blog from
yesterday cuz I don't know edit that and
make a grilled cheese soon it guys want
grilled cheese let me know in the
comments below but I would like a
grilled cheese Trish and I'll make us
all one to eat and enjoy fresh day
profile this wake us up at Mario Badescu
stuff helped it a lot it was like insane
two days ago so at least kind of flagged
it which I can always cover with makeup
if I was going out but I'm not I'm just
blogging and my hair I should put it
back up in my little shell thing but
I've been rocky lately mmm
totally IDs counter light outside all
you guys I went out on this Daljit kick
and I've been like watching a bunch cuz
like all my like old videos were popping
up here and I was like oh I would watch
that one too
I like watching so many that's ago I'm
doing right now this one was posted
April 23rd 2014 and it's my dad
singing I totally forgot about this one
it made me so happy
it's him singing Elvis golden ratio car
the morning the poor little baby child
is born in the ghetto I love my dad yeah
so happy I'm singing Elvis but yeah if
you guys he's like rarely in my videos
if you ever want to see what my dad
looks like I have a video call meet my
dad
oh my gosh you guys I'll have to show
you the time it is right now please
it's 117 in the morning toilet and I do
not do anything on the toilet other than
sitting because if I get off the toilet
for one minute I have to get back on it
cuz it feels like I have to pee so
fuckin bad this is the most painful
thing I've ever experienced it is so
annoying you know when I'm sitting on
the toilet it still feels like I had to
pee and I can't
and in my vagina just wants to pee so
bad
can't thank God for post meets my post
meets a woman thank god bless her so
much
I'm getting probiotics and as Oh a sow I
literally was looking up stuff on the
internet felt like I look crazy or like
instant UTI relief because I have never
had this pain before this leg or guys
have never had a gay gi before because
I've never experienced this so last
night is started a little bit like I had
this happen but I was able to go back to
sleep no problem and throughout the
whole day today nothing now all of a
sudden from like 11 o'clock to now one
in the morning
I can't stop having to pee so I took
some cranberry I had cranberry pills
upstairs thank God I managed to take
those every single day and I'm going to
get some urinary tract relief it's
called eso ACO and then I got some
probiotics I'm just got to like overdose
we'll all fairly over to us but I think
so much of those because I cannot sleep
in this hurt so literally the worst pain
I've ever felt so much discomfort oh I
really am just have to sit here and wait
until post we can get here and think
it's a big God it was a girl I think I
just wish she called me and was like hey
there's from probiotics and no one's
gonna be honey fish she named him off
and I got one with green tea extract I
was reading that on like home remedies
but I also said to eat like a lot of
probably probiotic yogurt
and there was another shot from my look
up in the morning like home remedies
like prevent this because this shit
hurts I would not wish this on my worst
enemy I've never been in more pain in my
entire life not even with my boobs were
infected from a boob job this takes the
cake
these are what I took I just happen to
have these I took like three of these
but you should be doing daily I guess to
prevent this stuff I put off the toilet
for two minutes oh I've been on this for
lobsters like twice now I need to pee I
need the I need to pee but when I pee I
don't have to be so much discomfort much
better here with me because literally
you so much hi thank you so much and
happy thanks I got the goods all right
guys Blaine I post a pagina home
I got Walgreens probiotic with green tea
extracts yes
urinary relief sponsored by a zone if
this works I can kiss their feet all
right guys this has to take two tablets
three times a day
so as much as needed and install that
comes in this pack we're going to see
how fast this relief it really does work
because it is right now 140 am and I
just hadn't run to the bathroom I could
shoot out here eggs but a tepee and it
hurt so bad
all right let's get these little things
out they're really tiny it's actually
cause your urine to be orange
I could drink with a full glass of water
alright let's see how fast these work
doesn't say but I hope it works fast
your eyes I said you should take them
with a meal up your stomach Pan's upset
it's like 2:00 in the morning when we're
gonna eat take my chances I'd rather
have an upset stomach and this painful
urination and sorry you guys I literally
was like sleeping up prior to this you
take it three times daily so 20 cards in
a day every eight hours so I can take
some the morning hopefully this whole
face goes away by that I flirted looking
at my pantry for something eat I have
nothing I have like gross like snack
food that sound terrible right now and
clean including PS on your first jar of
peanut butter
yes we just want one scoop and I feel
like I'll make it better there are two
shots when I lay down but that's what I
seem to always have to like go to
bathroom so they get plenty back in my
sheets
oh I just want to Eastern background a
really bad idea so it is 1151 mentally
I'm prepared that these pills are going
to work I'm ready for it this is
literally the most unflattering
complaining oh that's um so much
unflattering light ring light down
mentally I'm ready for these to work
oh no my light sorry guys
it's oh my god so bright I 151
so click a little over 10 minutes right
I went to the bathroom one final time
before I crawled in my bed hoping that
would be it if you guys don't hear from
me that means I fell asleep successfully
and adequate bathroom again if you do
hear from me that means I don't work as
fast as I hoped I mean they can't be a
miracle pill but still look I'm not good
in this bright way I've had I've been
complaining gripe and like I have no
blockage because I'm done anything
interesting
Thank You Yugi I've given me a vlog I
look so cross right now are the most
unflattering thing just this goes to
show that hair and makeup makes
everything pretty that I'm like I'm also
laying down all right guys I'm gonna try
and sleep let's hope this works
woke up to a licking in up my all over
my shoes I swear this just does not get
any what so I just woke up
oh yeah and there's like leaking I'm
just gonna check the rest of miles to
see if there's leaking cause it's like
the first real like rain in my house so
that was awful wake up - ahh good news
is you it's not here for me last night
I remember saying you guys hear from me
again that means the pill don't work
read way to hide go back to the wrapping
bread you don't have to go back into the
bathroom um I would say the kind of
almost kind of urge continued for like
20 minutes after the video so I would
say that pill took a lotta half-hour to
kick in we're doing another one just to
be sure and go to Urgent Care day but
it's pouring today I actually had
appointment at like in an hour
I don't know if I should drive cuz I
live in a hill and I'm a little nervous
to be driving down
the helmet rain so I don't know if I
should cancel my appointment I have
literally canceled disappointment three
times so I don't know if I want to
cancel it but I will a gym excuse plus I
have a leak and I don't know what to do
to fix it so I sent it over to the skies
hoping with a plumber and to see what I
can do because I just my floors are
gonna get soaked like I don't know what
to do so yeah I supposed to have a lot
to do today dr. suppose shower and like
get ready for the days a hero just like
chillin back there
but I know I just want to go pedigree
but I can't do that cuz I'm an adult and
I have so much to do
ah but yeah I don't know if I should and
that vlog here or start a new vlog I
don't know we'll see we'll see where the
day goes
