yeah they're finally here oh my gosh was
I've been waiting forever to get some
purses in my Trish Mertz over on the
align shop and they did such a beautiful
job I actually learned to use my zoom
here if you can see like those are all
hand crystaled on it is SMO beautiful
and then they did it over here on my
superficial bitch purse I love them both
so much
I mean zoom on out here obviously the
one on the right is a little bigger and
left is obviously smaller but these are
so cool this is like a slouchy one which
I think I'm gonna use first because it
just has like so much room in them and
then this is a more structured one this
has like you know a shape to it and I'll
like sit upright and stuff so it kind of
just depends on preference but if you
guys wanna get these now they are
available at the illah lions on etsy
I'll link it below and also put my code
Trish and get 10% off but I'm I'm not
actually obsessed with this so you oh my
god I just want like all just person all
the time I had to show guys I was really
excited ooh that lighting was so
terrible when the Lighting's like
directly overhead of you it's like my
dressing room lighting is so bad like
don't ever film in front of that but I'm
about to do a dish with Trish I got it
back on that because I am all set up for
my first podcast 2016 and kales give me
my gas I'm super excited because I
really start I really want to start
podcasting again here is that one weird
like seashell thing so I don't looking
at no hair but I really wanna start
podcasting again and I feel like that
dish with Trish sign kind of like
motivated me I really do love podcasting
it's a lot of fun I just got a mmm I
think have more guests on I think it'll
be like more fun for me if I can like
talk to other people and like you have
that banter which I think makes it more
unique than my videos per se that are
just you know me talking by myself or
vlogging or you know what have you I
feel like that kind of interaction makes
it more of a talk show like a radio show
and if you will I know it's a podcast
but hunt radio show so I have my shirt
on or kale he hasn't seen this shirt yet
he loves every rod so I
have this on for him I actually got it
so long ago and I just recently found it
and I ordered us Starbucks and I was
really really bored and Cal agreed to
hang out with me last minute it was he's
like awesome friend so I'm really
excited and I'm glad we're gonna podcast
I told him he should blog I think he's
kind of like over the social media thing
we're gonna checking him back in I sneak
back in so yeah I was like hibernating
in my house all day go I saw my purse
early this morning and I've just been
like sleeping because I slept all last
night drew I was hang out Shane and Drew
and drew busted his head open I don't
mean like laughs I mean but like I was
kind of like what like it just is one of
those things where it feels like you
know the story times of YouTube but it's
like real life I was like what so I
ended up falling asleep he was okay and
fine within the hour because we were
supposed to meet at 6:00 and he was fine
by 7:00 but I had fallen asleep and
missed all the excitement's I've been
sleeping literally since like five
o'clock yesterday and it's like five
o'clock now so in bed for 24 hours so
yeah I swear my Iron Man pants on for
those of you who don't know kill work an
Iron Man 3 so I should probably go
upstairs and clean up the kitchen a
little bit that kill will be here
shortly
oh and my podcast is soundcloud.com
slash dish with Trish check it out
well I swear I ordered us the same size
kale if you're watching I saw it was the
same size but might end up being taller
I have no idea there's me a little
Valentine's Day like setup with the
trashy coke in the back but yeah that's
everything I bought from Target the
other day there's actual trash over
there the last bag from the part-time
two days the guy who threw the party
with me helped clean up a lot of people
confused on who he is if he's a
boyfriend when I'm dating what Shawn is
I'm confused by everything too so in due
time we will all figure that out
together and when I know you guys will
know too
um the other thing last night you guys I
oh my god this is gonna sound so
dramatic and kind of gross actually and
I need to go to the kind of colleges but
I couldn't had not stopped the urge of
having to pee every second I felt like I
had to pee what is that urge was that
work as I mean or whether I like have a
UTI because it's one of the two actually
you've never had a UTI then I heard
that's what happens you feel I get to
peel a lot so
all things were going to discuss them a
podcast a-plus we're gonna talk over the
New Year's Eve party from kales
perspective because I think you had a
little bit of a different perspective
than I did so it should be interesting
but yeah now we just wait
there's la in the background oh you guys
this is the lighting I'm talking about
when it's right on top of you it looks
terrible look who I'm in your way
oh my lord you haven't seen my new
blogging camera I know I want to get in
your oven you got a donated to the cows
elephant you can have it but it doesn't
work it's broken so if you can fix it
it's even have it really a cup as he is
youtube.com slash tales LS I said I told
them you're on a social media hiatus but
yes your snapchat so today leave
anything that no longer makes you happy
and you said under the snap and that
might be social media explain did it
really yeah really
today I'm the next snap after that I
said but until now art oh I said go
ahead and follow me until then let's see
that picture this one boom
trying to get a little more in color and
focus it's kind of blurred out because
of the background there's too much too
much you've had to be in front of a tree
keep this room is over here remember
yeah rock star
iced coffee oh I got a new shirt I copy
I love it it's Sunday night rock star
iced coffee Wow
pop Harper Trish I know I guess I told
that I'm like you came through for me I
was bored and went to hang out and he
said okay even though I was laying under
the couch you would Sunday Funday room
and a fun day without me we tried to
meet up three times a day and he's like
I'm busy I'm busy have to do this after
this and then he's been sitting home all
day anyways and went to Target which is
my favorite place in the whole world
like to stalk me I asked you to go three
times you're late chuttan you did not
ask me to go to Target three times you
like well I'm trying to get you not to
go to Target anymore oh I know he's like
uh that's not boo she's shopping at
Target I'm like that's how people stay
bougie I shot myself today so what not
bougie
now you're the millionaire I spend all
my money to be a millionaire should we
speaking of millionaire kales a
millionaire with his merged kale Zilla
dot Spreadshirt calm you guys want to
get this awesome shirt whoa go get it
get something healthy so dumb we're
gonna podcast are you ready for this
podcast okay inside Anya we're gonna
talk about well when the time did this
airs the podcasts were already been out
yeah well they need to go look at they
haven't heard about the New Year's Eve
okay I told them my perspective is
different than your perspective but like
I feel like we'll talk about it more in
the podcast
yeah well my mind is very limited of the
whole scope of the whole night but you
gave me the information he showed up
right when shit went down yeah well I
think it was probably the best time for
me to show up for you you know he did
and then he left and then he abandoned
me what else you ready to podcast is our
podcast I wrapped it on your soundcloud
you ever put our podcast or you were
just like no ethic not gonna put it up
what you didn't go and listen to it you
should put it as an audio on YouTube you
should put it as an audio Lacaze video
maybe I'll do that you know maybe I'll
do that
stay tuned kills Ella go check him out
because I wanted to go back to YouTube
me and he's like some anti YouTube it
Amano I said you are not Stoops okay
we're gonna podcast so I'll link below
my podcast and his YouTube all right bye
see ya
get me something kills me so then you
say you know what uh you took it a whole
nother level
you're like no what party
it was three 1203 people and she's like
okay go upstairs tell the DJ it's over
I'm like you really serious now like I
had to ask you like two times or three
times to make sure it gets like you
right well no no not really
no tell them now oh well killing me he
was like he was really helping me you
asked throughout the whole thing and to
catch up to my viewers on Trish's life
we were just talking about this big
incident that led to me shutting down my
party at midnight and throwing a drink
on somebody pushing people and yelling
at kale that's where we're at the story
so go ahead continue with the decline
you weren't really yelling at me in the
sense of you were angry at me you were
yelling to get me back shut the party
down
Kat was like yeah pick back up I run
back up here and the DJ guys sit there
is one you know he sees me coming he
thinks I'm gonna make a music request
like I saw what you want being Haley
what you need
yeah here's the song I need none shut it
down now and he goes like like literally
I just like showed him his fucking Grim
Reaper shut up he's like huh huh and I'm
like yeah it's over shut it down yeah
Tricia's not feeling mouth right now and
he's like right this is a joke right I'm
like and I can grab my phone and I
showed him the text it was like he'll
shut it down now
everybody out now and he's like oh oh
god you know that rare where when I
heard him say at one point - because I
was listening from downstairs
he's like don't shoot the messenger but
he's over that's what I did not want to
be in his shoes I was so glad that you
were - I had somebody to tell tell me I
thought that the party was over not that
hey Eddie Murphy that movie was like
Trading Places he's like alright
everybody get done by god that's it was
basically that it was like 1203 every
next fight it was a line up here to
people like putting in song requests
I like that ain't gonna happen
shut it down now I gotta go no this is
proof right here whatever you're in a
really tough situation
no eventually you'll laugh at it because
I swear to goodness in this moment never
what I thought that I would ever laugh
at what was happening but I was telling
you do you remember now on the on the
stairs you're sitting there and this is
what I told you about yesterday or today
I was like it was kind of funny watching
you watch me because you were in the
moment perplexed by it and I'm sitting
there going Trish hooha come on let's go
over there let's do this let's get up
let's party don't let this be latent
take you down this is your house
and you're just like going you're kind
of you wanted to be mad but you were
kind of laughing right now you're
laughing all about it I am funny eating
burger watching Lifetime movie my
computer shut off but trying to upload
my podcast yeah just chillin kale went
home for the night because he has to be
up early because he has to work in the
morning so I ordered food a podcast and
my computer just completely shut off so
we'll see what happens I just started
like to movie so kind of make sure you
know what's going on but and as what's
happening with me
