oh I look rough happy Bachman this
really will be I know I said yesterday
is gonna be pouring I'm gonna say it
really will be a boring vlogmas because
I'm just getting my hair done and I was
I kind of had a rough morning
not a fight someone I love very much my
life I just always that always hurts the
worst just like when you have a fight
and like a big fight and a major fight
it just like stings the rest of your day
so I kind of slept actually most of the
morning it's 12:45 now when I just ran
to Kmart to do like a mansion over there
like wearing Kmart for a week
they're actually really cute clothes in
there
I'm switching
a complete stop oh yeah I look just
really rough I'm trying to oh okay
it's like not long I don't actually care
cause probably needed it but
it's more moisturizing down there one
way to use any honest man lips are so
chapped
every time memories are actually bad I'd
actually go another week but because I'm
leaving next week and I won't be back
for a minute i okay everyone's out of
town everyone left town to go back home
to their family so I'm kind of excited
we're going on a little vacation I was
kind of felt that's so funny
when I was younger I always kind of felt
okay I just decided to charge now
because I'd always come out to
California see my dad I lived in
Illinois and I was come see how foreign
superdad I was I can jealous of the kids
that like stayed home I got to have like
Christmas vacation at home meaning they
could just stay home for two weeks right
because like I was always at school and
I did gonna be like it couldn't enjoy my
bedroom and just stay at home
so now as adults people go home like you
know and for the past I don't know
except for one cruise and I'm actually
really tired to go on this Christmas
vacation cuz except for one cruise a
couple years ago I've always had
Christmas here and it's been kind of
humdrum like go to Benihana
it's usually just like a flick one or
two of my family members so it's not
like a big to-do
nobody really dresses up go out to eat
like I said Benihana so it's not like
cozy and warm and festive and we all
play games together which i think would
be really cool and one day I would love
to have that why with my own family but
that's just not what we do so this year
I'm really excited because my mom has a
week off work my sister as well so I
mean let's just go on a girls vacation
we haven't done a girl's vacation I
think ever we've gone to Vegas obviously
a few times and that's always like
really fun but when you live in LA Vegas
it's like literally just so like
everybody goes to Vegas I really need
sunglasses I'm looking so rough I was
like bawling my eyes out earlier shame
Vegas is kind of like the equivalent of
maybe going to like if you lived in like
the farm town like when I was living in
a farm town of Chicago we would go into
Chicago for like a weekend and I was
like a trip and I get away that's kind
of how Vegas is in the sense that it's
like really easy to drive route through
or - I should say just like if you lived
on the East Coast I went into the city
like New Jersey or Connecticut going
into the city is kind of like a treat
but like it's not like a planned
vacation you know because it's so close
so anywho I'm terribly thirsty I'm so
dehydrated but I have ten minutes to get
to my hair what about and I don't know
what she's gonna say about me tinsel
what oh my god
it's everything it's oh my god is
everything
he sees everything as always my older
sister she's telling me everything she
not that much older though cultured by
Mac so she wears on our lips I never
heard of cultured buys that looks like
stripped down bully Barris or hovering I
use all that was really emeriti oh my
god that was good see the fish it's
amazing they salty air time you know I
never did either and this woman
convinced me to buy at Nigel's and it's
like why can't I can't even get online
maybe mom Susan what's a couple together
can be salty air and what cameo cameo
I'm gonna get this and this is
accomplished where she is on her lip
liner yeah I look from like way to go I
was like this into the camera you look
gorgeous I love brows that angle looking
upward that's the one that's negative
there we go
she doesn't like my chisel I said before
in the blog I said oh I don't know what
makes it flow there and say I like yeah
I'm like okay about the approval from
you cuz though he's a hard when she's a
tough one it's like I'm from New Jersey
Barney Stinson oriented like girl you
scare me a little bit so I love her
though my toughest friend how pretty
this is right now the trees are stunning
oh my god it's magical
the holidays can be depressing and
lonely for some but the time of year
like the the lights and stuff I feel
like make people happy even if you're no
one to spend it with
she's so pretty I love it
it was I'm just I'm watching his video
he put up of the I just boyfriend binds
my office heat girl from res my offense
on his channel but like we kind of did
it wrong we're like I showed on mine
like me picking out office for him but
the really reveals on his channel and
was the opposite so he shows him like
shopping around for me and the revolves
on my channel so this should have been
together but we're not that great of
youtubers but I posted when I was in my
hair salon appointment and I was just
like I didn't get to watching his wife I
was bad so I was watching him and like
Jason always Geisinger was that part
crack me up if you haven't seen his or
mine gonna like both parts below I he's
so funny he is literally like the
funniest person ever like yeah you
wouldn't think when I first met him in
no way would I be like this is someone I
have a crush on this is someone that I
would like to date this is someone I was
like the bang like no but like he's so
funny yeah he kinda shit ah but he
cracked me out was I was so I can't with
him so I'm not watching that but I'm
dying
there's very few people who make me
literally laugh out loud
and I was like laughs though I was just
walking style than a lot of people okay
and I have a very boring life where I
have to vlog going from the bed to my
bathroom to my kitchen and show my water
that's my life that's all I do
so that's just really funny
okay I'm like loopy I've had a bad day
not not a terrible day but a bad day
and that made me that's European those
oh you guys this is vlogmas has been
saved by 7-eleven so I did not walk very
much today
I was not a blocker I said you know what
I'll just put it in with another vlog
we'll do another double team vlog but no
you guys are getting you guys are
getting a blog today a very special
unboxing thanks to 7-eleven this package
was at my door something's so ironic is
I just filmed a 7-eleven eating show
that'll actually go tomorrow but no like
seriously this is so crazy it says Happy
Holidays Happy New Year 7-eleven social
media team so they actually I've always
at mentioned that when I do a 7-eleven
you show and they asked for my address I
truly think this is meant to be like
truly truly truly cuz like what I just
did seven love it you guys like I eat
someone 11 for dinner like an hour ago
this is so trippy I got a free egg lit
great grace
glazed oh man expires December 31st of
next year it's not really a free one umm
yes thank you for that oh my gosh oh my
gosh me cooking Oreo king-size they just
sent me a bunch of snacks when they
asked me address was like look possibly
send me like nachos I mean my phone Nick
Oreo chocolate candy bar I did but it's
a long day I met Oriole coffee with a
th√§rning thing
oh there's like two of these in one pack
this is cool look just really good oh my
gosh girls Buckley's in it
remember there's never a germ both these
pleasure me so um no button honestly I
had a really bad game on this put me in
such a good moon my name one other
youtuber influencer who was a PR package
from 7-eleven movies Matt cosmetics and
L'Oreal alright got cookies and free
donuts hell that brand as an eating
youtuber marshmallow it's squishing
maybe two of those in the whole world
show them my memorial
I was secure against time to cure finger
grip and stand for your mobile phone
Randolph I'd like to see her throw them
oh my god oh my god and that's what I'm
done
she's gonna freak out oh my god they
could escape with coupons you gave me
for free coffee and pizza and big gulp
I'm gonna let my phone out and why is so
exciting hey girl Brown what you doing
you're on my a vlog so they Haim okay
okay look a personal 7-eleven just sent
me a box of goodies and I was unboxing
it yeah and smelly snacks and everything
um look at what these at me free hotdogs
free pizzas free big gulps completely
free all this is like free doughnuts
free Slurpees the mom with all these is
a free for pumping up worth um big bite
of hotdogs there's literally like 12
hotdogs three ones in there and doesn't
expire until next year mama this got you
another 7-eleven eating you know this is
so exciting are you kidding me I put all
of these there's a probably fifty in
here oh my god snacks okay so I've been
eating these they gave me Rice Krispies
mint Oreos they brought all the way down
look at this iced cappuccino
please that means it's happy holidays
from the 7-eleven social media team wait
what is this oh my god they sent me a
shirt you guys have me a t-shirt it says
Slurpee I feel like I was lying the blog
I was like you know most people get
makeup packages for mac cosmetics or
Pierre but act like I can see right back
into some 7-eleven no other youtuber can
say that why not you to thank for it -
I'm glad your nose I'm lovin evening
shower laughing zone without a million
no they did so well I so weird they get
another one say for Christmas seems like
a Christmas leaving some love and it I
was like they just do so well then they
sent me this package I just I haven't
arrested me now
okay I've honestly is so excited my mom
was so excited
got Slurpee stickers
and then I got some different 7-eleven
candy bars 7-eleven you saved this vlog
thank you so much for off sure sting
just made a promise I felt saying mmm
so then my absolute wools late no other
youtuber is gonna come close to me as
far as the ultimate PR package Thank You
7-eleven this is amazing please keep
sending me more free coupons I just did
a 7-eleven eating show for you guys
today
that was weird but yeah like a free
7-eleven a new show oh this is my mom we
just get free pizzas and doughnuts and
big bolts it's so exciting you guys
alright well that was the excitement of
this stuff long as I was walking it to
my bathroom to brush my teeth at I
forgot to brush my teeth like oh my god
I'm literally vlogging the way Jason -
describes me vlogging like oh now I'm in
the bathroom and you know what I have
pick it some water you guys are routine
this is this is my blog not that
exciting
and I hate going to bed I'm gonna have
like fresh hair and it's all cute and
blowed out oh hey we just have walk out
of here forever that's embarrassing
nothing bowls don't put on mascara
psychedelic pairs and I didn't this is
my house always gets messy things away
I'm literally great I'm literally going
down and I'm literally gonna show you
guys the water is encouraged maybe not
at Diamond waters we're just very sad oh
oh oh look at that take that Simon
waters and yes yeah we're gonna go back
up and I'm gonna go to the UM go to
sleep because I was editing and I'm
gonna go to sleep I'm exhausted and I
got another busy day tomorrow
we're busy as in like errands nothing
not exciting but the irony of this love
what a weird day
but happy oneness and oh we need to have
serious chalk let me get a bed bed for
my serious talk
this is not part of the serious talk but
I have a video going up on the patreon
about when the condom breaks so check it
out with me patreon love you guys Trish
I won't blog this end and honestly I
don't want it to end either
I got a breath from one of those chairs
look I love the challenge of having to
film my entire day from baby start
hosting it's really exhausting and like
it makes my day go by like I have to
plan everything like an hour ahead in
order to vlog and do it I can't just do
stuff I have to like oh crap long and
then do like oh I gotta block it then do
it so it just takes like an extra it
literally doubles the time it would take
me to do whatever activity I'm doing so
I really love it like I said my goal I'm
gonna try and do is like vlog or have a
lot Monday through Friday
um that way I can be a little bit ahead
of myself and not feel so pressure like
if I miss a night okay and just get the
next morning and edit and have it ready
to go that's the goal excuse me but you
know I love doing this vlog miss I've
gotten a lot of good reception reaction
I guess both Helen but just how I
openness to it like it's done really
well this channel has done so much
better by posting you know more
frequently look at two Heisman khal
drogo up there and on man-candy really
is fast water um some we're gonna need a
tan in the main channel I'm still
enjoying with bongs you know what I'll
give you guys a little twisty I thought
about starting a MOOC long a channel but
then that's a lot of pressure to do move
bung regularly and I don't want the gym
as regular on my main channel only
because I do one of like diets or eating
better I'll do them but just a lot less
frequently so my main channel I really
want professional quality videos on
there because I feel like this vlogging
channel I can put up like you know like
I like what I just did 7-eleven on
unboxing it's not super ollie
professional or well lit but I can just
kind of throw up on this channel and
then that channel I can have for my main
channel stuff that looks really nice and
professional clay feel like sometimes it
gets lost in the shuffle like my music
videos that I do or like my car tours or
stuff this shot really nice I feel like
and just gets mixed in
I don't know nominate your guys thoughts
on that or do you like having it all
mixed in where I can do some holes with
just this you know what I mean I'm not
having it professionally edited and
filmed I'm torn because I honestly I
just want to do it to make better
content for you guys and to like
obviously keep that content consistent
and like have it good but you know my
thing has always been kind of like just
babbling and talking and crying or do I
create a hold their channel where it's
just like extra Trish so it's like I
don't know it's really I don't know what
to do so you guys let me know in the
comments below I love you guys want to
go to bed I'm so tired but until I see
me Marcus says
