hey guys so I woke up this morning and
no one guy in case you guys were all
wondering um yeah I woke up and I had no
pink eye but my eye was still like a
little tender but nothing like it was
yesterday so I think I'm in the clear
for that um but it's New Years Eve yeah
I am just showered and I'm gonna get my
hair and makeup done for New Year's Eve
because that's what I do hello um but
yeah I started like party proofing my
house and moving like everything into my
bedroom wash on you hey literally just
like stuff everything in here I think my
chair my pictures my shoes like bags
like random stuff I just like throw in
here um so party proof in my house that
way I somewhat made my bed today which
there's like a dead Hedwig right there I
don't know I kind of just I haven't been
making my bed recently and when I say I
haven't make a bed it's like this
usually but yeah other than that I've
been really dry again look at my hands
are so dry so I'm gonna have to be like
lotioning up all day today
um but yeah it's gonna be a crazy makeup
transformation because look at this like
a little wet dog and then I'm gonna
transform into Cinderella I still have
no idea what I'm wearing I ordered a
dress on rush order like overnight but I
don't I don't know if it's gonna
actually be here like that never
happened that never works for me if I
think something's I'm here when I never
happened stuff we'll see it's either
gonna be a blue dress or a silver dress
or maybe neither cuz I haven't tried it
you from one on so we'll see what I end
up wearing it'll be a surprise to you
and me both
New Year's glam is complete I have my
hair in and my makeup done alright in my
makeup and Angel is my hair and like so
pretty I love it so much it looks like I
have a weight on but it's not just fall
on me okay we're gonna take some
pictures - yeah his angel hi guys
I was sorry but she hates being on
camera this with a back of her head
covering your face I'll show the back of
your head hahaha you
yeah yeah okay I'm here with ah she's so
pretty if you go to make a bar you can
see how pretty she is but she always
hides from the camera but this is
nearest layout I still have my like
shower singer do you guys notice that I
even had a new shower outfit oh you do I
usually wear the same one this night one
new year new shower outfit and my New
Year's Eve okay I could have sworn that
the dress her shower outfit that she
always wear seriously with her baby
blanket window and it was old and
raggedy but I got a new one for the new
year so yeah so now we're in take
pictures and then I'm going to film some
videos for you guys and then here is he
Friday night okay
sweetie just came with all the baked
goods for tonight's party but they're
not as bougie last night I set it up I
mean they look really cool like stuff
looks amazing but when they came with
the Halloween party you like set it all
up and stuff so I guess I'm gonna be
just like putting these out I guess on
my own but they're cool alright I think
this is the same place where Shane got
the Halloween treats I've been hauling
party because this is like the same kind
of cake for this size champagne pop so I
never set all these up and I'll show you
guys they said I'm really bad at setting
things up by the Hoang is old we'll see
how this goes okay I have a word of the
mission of wait is hot on Oh I've
imported the mission of setting up the
cookies for at the moment because I
realize I have not finished filming
which is priorities whenever I do glam I
always have to film videos like that
that's the reason I get glam done I mean
obviously of a party time but I haven't
finished filming and that is a priority
so I'm going to finish filming um my
what I got for Christmas video and uh
then I'll set up for the party
work first what I love doing videos and
I have like one more I really want to do
so I'm going to do that then I listen up
for the party
and then maybe like tan out cause I'm
tired I've been up since like 6:00 a.m.
because I just can't sleep like a weirdo
there's my bathroom hey party people I
have a New Year's Day on my boob that's
real great
don't worry it's gonna be dark no one's
gonna see we owe the DJ was setting up
he's setting up over there as you guys
can see we got some booze
this mom little man brought all the
booths for me I'm very excited they were
very helpful because I have to do
anything which is great so I am just
getting ready and have to like touch of
my lips close eating some chips earlier
but we're gonna start a little cocktail
early and then I got this little woman
okay that's why you oh I know we match
let's see those nails she's getting
ready with a little train shirt yeah
that's what I'm worried that's what best
photographer said he's like he goes oh
are you gonna like be changing for the
party we won't say I'm worried about
well if I need to shine I mean it Potter
some more but we're gonna ready have a
few cocktails see how it goes right for
tonight mom a New Year's Eve whoa I
gotta go to bed at 12:01 now I'm gonna
work oh I get up at 3:20 whatever you
only live once mom you said she got you
to sleep when he dies everybody to be
dead with you tomorrow hey at least she
went out the bang oh details new karaoke
he had the bang bang into the room and
he has like all the songs he like like
uptown funk he got a bunch of new ones
in he said he got it just for my party
can sit down this week he's like well it
was the same people I wouldn't have any
songs so he stepped it up cut my bangs
I'm so random so that's what we're doing
we're getting ready New Year's Eve
that's my New Year's Eve dress right my
hair kinky familias Heller is it kinky
no I don't think something looks in okay
can we do it no why is it bad no your
offer to do with it I don't know that's
what we do has our family
you don't care anyways alright first
champagne pop of the new year whoa what
do we got
I've got boozy what does that matches
your nails Oh for a second of Prosecco I
just put on like my mom just lotion up
my legs I know your lotion up so much
okay where's a bougie glasses
we're gonna get bougie glasses so your
eyes yeah I told yesterday I was like
mom we need a Persian mama just so we
know cuz my mom's like you should only
sit to one alcohol site because I was
like show me to go start cream about
coming home that's pretty strong and
then I was like well you should stick
with that get the same category
something if I'm gonna stick with
something I'm sticking with champagne
because it is New Year's Eve
whoa come on bougie taking off the stems
okay nice
gimme gimme gimme baby wanna bottle no
you were the party poop last time if you
stay up till midnight it's a good thing
okay kind of have our champagne toast I
know once I drink actually I mean have
we ever been around each other's when I
was when you I was drunk yes Oh time you
were drinking no not even close to how
I'm gonna get time to Chili's and you
were drunk
well that was a fire over my mom are you
gonna single yeah well we don't have
conversations this with each other
what are they loud projecting no mom do
you remember I was younger and I was
always everyone always wanted to be
quiet restaurant like keep your voice
down yeah
why do that we're loud folk okay
oh my god ready Happy New Year Happy New
Year mommy with your boyfriend in Italy
I got my friend he's my old man oh okay
just push my teeth he'll that might be
we're with just rushing your teeth I
mean it's good mmm mmm mommy should be
blogging this - hello I know
are they back or is that more song party
people our backs are DJs back ok wow
that dress do you like it I honestly was
not the dress I wanted to wear but I'm
wearing so hey hey
fam stop screw 70-day Scott the DJ's
here what up on your rocking chair yeah
the glasses these are like I love it
boom he was our DJ Halloween - so we
haven't been New Year's Eve I love it
your Altima Berta rocking it and roll it
and swish it and blame it right here
live up live it up huh yeah oh yeah I'm
sure he does
nice haha
well it's noisy mom party has to start a
little later everyone's that my party
started early they're all like Oh your
party starting so early tonight they
were then we're being serious no people
like start at like 11:00 and go to like
4:00 in the morning right John
well the party scoffs you should hear
when like the DJ stops and that's what
happened last time so keep quite a new
like hey party's over oh oh we set up
the treaty by you guys want to see I
share the trees but I didn't show I look
like at the final turn today
I don't know here's what the treats look
like there's that champagne pop cake
champagne pop buzzer that's like a
highlighter
there's the 2016 cupcakes there's our
champagne flutes and they're setting up
the photo booth right now can I go write
a lap I'm setting up down here yeah all
our chips my mommy
she's the help tonight in her sweat just
kidding she can look so hot we're gonna
do our OTD so this is before before lamb
this is my glam pre glam here looks good
though hair on fleek all right guys so
far this new year has included eating
takeout naira again love this stuff and
watching Hulu if you guys are fans of
what could City on ABC they cancelled it
but like all the episodes are now on
Hulu so not sponsored by who but I know
people are but I'm not but again there's
a Claire hi there's me time all snack
and a little tea I'm gonna throw you
guys in on the New Year's Eve party
because I know I didn't feel much so I'm
and just enjoy this for a minute and
then I'll pull you in and he asked my
floor is dirty people are coming to
clean right now cuz it's a mess okay
guys I am taking a break from my wicked
City Marathon which has been amazing
because I was such a big fan of the show
when it was on and you I'd actually
tweeted me and told me to the rest
episodes around Hulu so I signed up for
my three-week trial Hulu and
I would probably never watch Hulu again
I don't know I guess I never but I have
to remember canceled cuz you get a free
week because I
up with like a card or your paypal and
you just gotta remember to cancel um who
knows maybe I'll love it I don't know um
but I love what good city so binging on
all that right now um I thought I would
take a break because I literally have
been watching
I think only three episodes error so I
started with the fourth episode on Hulu
is that it originally aired December
22nd of course it didn't and now I have
actually no idea which number I'm on I
think I watched two or three so taking a
little break but okay so I failed I was
a New Year's Eve vlogger feel like I
couldn't even believe I didn't my mom
and I were drinking and like I think we
like pregame too hard because I was
already that kind of tipsy the first
people to arrive were Shane and drew and
um I was already like tipsy at that
point and I like should have been
vlogging but I was like so tipsy and
then my guy came and I was just kind of
you know you kind of just her in the
brush you know it's like you know him
meeting my friends and my friends
meeting him and just like the party and
all that stuff so that's what happened
with that and then basically like Siena
and Panda they're two youtubers showed
up and they were just great and so I
just kind of like in the moment and then
by the end of the night like I was just
gone like I don't even know I couldn't
believe I didn't lose my phone or
anything um think that for the DJ guys I
kind of kind of like kept an eye on my
stuff because I probably wouldn't lost
my phone and my cameras but I didn't
because I was like all over the place
but Year's Eve was like a drama and it
was really really fun and then I got
kind of dramatic and then I was really
really fun again
I don't really think I need to go into
the drama but my guy his invite cuz we
co-hosted together the people he invited
most of them were sweet the ones I
talked to but by the end of the night
there was like a hundred people at my
party and I just like who are these
people and I got like a little anxiety
like overwhelmed and I was like hey
everyone needs to go now you know after
midnight of course and then my friends
which were only you know like a tenth of
the party ended up sticking around and
actually that was a lot of fun um so New
Year's Eve was just like I'm like why do
I have parties why do I have parties
because it was actually really really
funny because um
Halloween guys all know how that party
went with drama ending and it ended up
with the same people and I said hey guy
because I'd actually texted some of the
people that are invited for my Halloween
party
I was like hey guys don't worry there'll
be no drama this year and then there was
like some drama like I said it's all
like so minor especially compared to the
Halloween party like it was like not
even anything but me and my dramatic ass
you know just happen to be dramatic
about everything but all in all is good
do I think I'm gonna have like more
parties I don't know probably not um
because they're just I don't but then
again I like having them I don't know my
my type of fun is just like a small
group of friends like karaoke like
karaokes fun as all heck like people
love karaoke she posted a video on his
Instagram me and my mom doing my hums
and like that to me spun I did care of
your Siena like I really wish I would
have logged something for you guys I'm
so so sorry that I didn't I took
pictures but you know even those were
few and far between ashes all over the
damn place and I just I had fun now I'll
keep it in text I talked about that um I
was so crazy cuz I never get taxed and
when I found like a text I think it's
like a lot of all that of YouTube is
once you start filming everyone wants to
talk to you um but now I'm gonna finish
watching wicked City and I'm on Etsy
looking for Lisa Frank binders and
Marilyn Monroe stuff and yeah that's a
pretty much it for my day today I want
to just like kind of chill I think you
never know where the day takes you but
yeah that was my New Year's Eve wrap up
like I said overall it was a good New
Year's Eve like um I don't know I'm like
I guess I'd like to be more lucky I
don't know I like having like a
gathering of people but not necessarily
a huge rager because like by the end of
the night like even my guy was just like
I don't even know half those people so
I'm like what people just like found out
about this party so I think when there's
like too many people invited then it's
like they start inviting people and it
just gets to kind of be out of control
so anyways he kind of diffuses situation
to kind of like make it all stop and
then of course I'd the DJ just like
ain't got it um but I don't know okay I
guess I like I used to be I used to be
with the party but you know it's just
not me and it's okay if you don't want
to have big ragers and go too long you
know it's okay to have to smell group of
friends and my friends are awesome I
think that it is things like 4:30
because the uber is
out of control that end up being like
eight times the cost of an uber on New
Year's Eve so I think they stayed pretty
late I know
Nicky Nicky lien will fall asleep and
then I was like okay well she's asleep
I can sleep do sighs well asleep and I
think like Steve and Pia and Shane
Pete's friend and Judy all just like
stayed up talking and stuff which was
cool too and this is my staff like
people there and just make it a chill
mellow 2016 so anyways yeah my PJ's are
from Target for those of you who want to
know and that's kind of the wrap-up I
felt like I should have like wrapped it
up because like it started out of the
bang and then I just stopped walking so
I was like oh that was a fail I'm so
sorry you guys I swear to goodness
that's why I kind of like to go all out
like with parties and stuff cuz I love
like vlogging it like it gives it gives
me like excitement my life but I also
love sharing the excitement with you
guys like you know because I don't do
that many things so when I do mic I want
to block this like I get excited of log
big things that I do because I don't do
that much so what I do like a look at
concerns with you guys but unfortunately
I did not get to share it all with you
guys but I'll try not to fail my next
big thing that I do but I can't believe
my name's lock like admit it of it like
I couldn't even like what was I thinking
what was I thinking I don't even know I
drink too much too early but what you're
going to do so I'll probably end up
wrapping it this vlog here if I do
decide to do something later tonight I
will vlog it but I want to actually edit
this right now and get it up because the
second channel matricies live channel
usually okay so I was I was always like
two-week delay with these because I
would like to stop pile like I would
like to make sure consistently every
other day I could post but it just was
blog miss I was posting every single day
and so what since I wasn't blog every
single day it was kind of hard to keep
up with so I kind of got burnt out but
I'm getting back into it because I have
a new blogging camera and I love logging
I do I just got like a little burned out
like I said and then when I took that
weekend off of Christmas and I want to
see my dad and stuff like I did not walk
with pride days and it was like hard to
get back on the routine of things so I
think I'm getting back on routine of
things um jenny was gonna be a good good
month I feel I think I hope
and that's it but I love you guys so
much and thank you guys for watching I
people are you never do your sign up
anymore but I feel like this channel is
different so I feel like I don't need
you like an official sign up you know
like sing hydrate marina's you know I've
been doing if two years my channel he
hasn't noticed me still gonna draw my
main channel but it's like just when I
need a new side off or I should spit by
guys like I feel like that's because
this is more cash we're just chilling on
the channel
look at that hair by the way this hair
mm-hmm real attractive Trisha um
ooh hey there it's like a low anyways um
so I am going to finish watching um with
today and then I edit this for you guys
but love you guys so much and happy new
year
hey everyone once again I want to wish
you all a very happy new year may it
brings you joy happiness good health and
love and here's your 2016 Bienal bitch
boom
