good morning guys here's my pajama OTD
it's so urgent I have like that fish I
like Engel it feels weird to like show
you guys like what I actually look like
which is like good sometimes for
sometimes if the shingle was like mark
you anyways quick OTT I'll pull my
little pajama pants pajama pants are
from Target oh wait there's a zoom we're
gonna learn how to use this camera
doesn't the zoom this is ooh oh yay yay
for the Santa pajamas then going up we
have my shirt from Trisha Paytas red
shirt calm and my hair bible pillowcase
I feel like it's Christmas morning cuz
all my goodies are in the living room a
few guys over I am still like getting
used to this camera it just so weird but
also like I love it but like not right
now because I'm like not looking like
the cutest but it feels like Christmas
morning to me I like the day after
Christmas morning when you're still
playing with all your little goodies and
oh my gosh you guys this camera do we
like it it's like showing all my flaws
though like holy cat-like look touch AF
canceled I'm still like figuring this
out yeah okay
it's autofocusing right I saw a figure
out this camera but I woke up to all my
little prezi's and I loved my dish with
trash over there I was like weirdest
okay so it's like focusing on me so it
won't focus oh my gosh it's so weird
does that bother you guys though cuz
like now it's trying to focus on me does
that bother you
hmmm this is weird because it's like
focusing on other things now weird I
hope it doesn't bother you oh my god is
it bother I don't know it's so weird but
anyways I am just it's just like weird
also to like look I said focusing on
weird things okay maybe I can't be I
don't know you'll have to let me know
but I'm also playing with this little
thing this morning and these albums we
open all yesterday they're so beautiful
I don't think I really was able to show
you guys because my battery had died but
these are the most beautiful things I've
ever seen in my life they're just so
gorgeous this one is my absolute
favorite because it opens differently
than the others how gorgeous that is
it's like art you guys this is just so
pretty I'm just really really thankful
for a really really awesome friends
we're back to me it's just going to be
so weird because oh right okay there's
like so many buttons on top but it's
just gonna be so weird because um this
week you hold it so differently than my
little one so we'll see if I get used to
it you guys let me know if you guys like
this one better I feel like it's showing
like all my blocks like how I look right
here I like it's showing like a lot did
she paint a satisfactory uh comment so
yeah okay guys I didn't really fully
explain and I think I'll just do like a
whole like video I have to at this point
because I just have to give like a
review of what was happening with my car
but basically we went to go pick it up
yesterday and like the car just didn't
work like it started but all the
electrical steps like looks crazy looks
like I have to go fro okay anyways I
don't know how I can blog like this
close no morning okay guys Larry but
anyways it just ended up like all the
electro stuff don't work like the brain
not the brakes that the signal lights
the doors didn't lock the radio network
um windshield wipers work it was raining
it was really crazy so Sean's been
helping me trying to like figure out how
they can make get this to work for me
clear absolute crazy and I'm really
disappointed cuz I was supposed to go
pick up my brother and his wife in San
Diego where middle is most of us spent
time with them but I don't have a car
now so I'm kind of stranded here and I
look so crazy
Oh video dies much I look so crazy so
I'm gonna like go do something with this
this I don't know if I can mmm I know
and I might look at myself sorry is that
the strappy me look at here I also
haven't ants on it this guy's but yeah
that's my morning Christmas morning
death is coming down with food do you
need help
sorry just last night here and I have
not moved since this morning this was a
terrible vlogmas but we got there King I
am so excited about this yeah I didn't
even do my end of the bargain how the
food not gonna TV on I'm doing
I can't be trusted like some other
people I know from certain
organizational weight but they can't say
anything okay we got ranch dressing
which makes me what do we got
what is it USC something or other which
I think I hate huh what we do have
barbecue which is fantastic barbecue
sauce Oh disgusting hmm ranch is
disgusting
yeah I'm not a fan of white cream and
famous master no male I send ohmae off
not noon mmm zesty sauce I've offered
you like just hate all sauce oh it's
nothing like almost all of it and the
healthy eater
I don't like sauces that's where it has
all the calories what should we watch
I'm back to the beginning with your bad
news I don't know man whatever yeah yeah
we got now hey guys so I'm eating right
now I have not blogged in forever it
feels because Christmas is over
it is almost New Year's and I just like
have not been vlogging I didn't bring my
camera with me when I went to go visit
my dad over Christmas break and my
brother and his wife were in town so I
had not been vlogging and the excitement
of today is eating mac and cheese from
Panera Bread although I'm still getting
my car today I'm just picking at my car
today and I think it's like 100% like
done they took it over to a Mercedes
Benz place and they fixed what was wrong
with it um so hopefully fingers crossed
it all goes smoothly
I think it will I anticipate that it
will but yeah I thought I'd start off
the vlog I'm in the Victoria's Secret
else can I even talk I'm in my
Victoria's Secret like
jumpsuit today neon green and yeah no
makeup but I am going to do my makeup at
some point before New Year's Eve that's
goals but yeah anyways I'm just watching
some Lifetime movie imitate my nails
done tomorrow over the red as you can
see my Christmas decorations are still
up so they're coming take that was down
in the next couple days - I think I
think but yeah anyways I'm gonna eat
some mac and cheese even though I always
get sick when I eat mac and cheese now
because I swear I'm like super extreme
lactose intolerant actually Joey
Graceffa he said that everyone is like
lactose intolerant like we're not all
we're not supposed to eat that much
dairy so I think it's just like when you
eat a little bit you're okay but I've
been when I was eating a lot I was
getting really sick so mmm so then I
haven't eaten Gary in a long time so
that's good and I hope I don't get sick
off of it so yeah I mean that's the plan
to him remember my hair up because I
don't feel like doing it you guys I'm in
my car why's missing go on I'm in my car
oh my goodness gracious I'm in my car
I'm stopped at a stoplight I have him
out for my car but I haven't done it yet
but oh my gosh I have a car and it's
working and it's pink I don't know if
you guys can see the pink out there you
can may see in the reflection but it's
pink though as I was saying I was
driving so you don't want to vlog and
drive sometime I think sit up I got my
car back it is in my garage and I can
smash the wheel which is you know
applause um yeah I got my car back and
there's my custom player from West Coast
Customs doesn't it okay guys moving on
the cycling start lighting over here
okay this experience is with customs
which was much more pleasant than before
in the past I don't know if it's me like
really zoomed in okay yeah I'm like
really zoomed in it which it was much
more pleasant um I dealt with people
completely different sky named Chris who
is very nice and kind and very just
reassuring of things he wasn't
threatening anything he wasn't harassing
he wasn't like take down the videos huge
actually just very kind and nice and
he's like you know honestly I just want
you know you to be happy and I
yeah I really do love this car kind of
left a bad taste in my mouth
with the surface but overall at the end
of the day I love my car it works they
got it working for me which was great
and you know it's pink and it's awesome
and I love the wheel and I really do
love this car and it really is amazing
um you know it's carplay that's all I
can say it's car shops you know car
shops are you know they're what they are
you know i mean like things don't always
get done on time um for me it wasn't
about you know how long it took it was
more about just the customer service and
you know the first time we went and they
were super nice and then we dealt with
some people who weren't super nice and
then I dealt with people who are super
nice again um Kristen apologize on
behalf of him and the owner Ryan and
said that um their beliefs or what has
been expressed to me from PR and such
are not what they agree with and they
don't condone it so you know that's
awesome I think that's really cool that
he apologized and just try to write and
I still was like I was being a hard-ass
bitch in there I still like yeah well
your statement was inaccurate and blah
blah blah yeah because I decided try to
change the color through time centered
in it it was just inaccurate statement I
know I probably have a safe guess who it
was because I've been dealing with
someone PR who's been very consumer
bullied I've been super bullied by this
person
I've been harassed and I feel like it's
her because you know anyways point is
it's amazing thank you guys for your
support just know that I have my car
back it works so you don't need you what
is that you don't need to UM you know do
anymore with West Coast I know I'm kind
of done with them at this point my hands
are kind of wiped clean I got my car
back and I do love it so that's my final
review it's just kind of a clean slate
with me so I got my card I love it and
that's exciting week's good today
