that was like a real Wow this camera
though you haven't seen it no camera
ever is my vlogging camera for a second
Channel I almost said whoa again Ricky
think is wow so I'm trying to stop look
at that whoa
it really makes you look good it looks
like I've lipstick on but we just hit
the chapstick challenge made yeah Ricky
got a bunch of chopsticks from Claire's
and yeah we just made out some guys
wanna see that but he has like he
doesn't want you to know whatever vlogs
I think you can all go and subscribe to
Ricky's blog you tell me like that once
Ricky d vlogs I wanna vlog more but I
feel like people don't wanna watch them
so tell me to vlog more and I'll vlog
more cuz it snaps are ten hundred
seconds you a snap so much and like this
guy needs a vlog yeah do you look at
some going whoa whoa whoa that's your
snap it's my go-to I don't have one else
to do
you just snap so much and then you're
always having your body at the gym look
at that body
oh that's my body challenge though his
abs I'm sitting down you can't feel ya
know your abs are crazy things you know
what I pull my skirt up cuz I said I
have a big ol belly oh you don't look
great this looks so good thank you I'm
here no it's a no TV I feel like outfit
of the day hello-o td's
really good I love it I love it
hey I really want this camera where'd
you get it just like oh my gosh hey this
is so cool it makes you like look good I
don't like makes you like yeah this is
my favorite can't remember candy
favorite camera ever see you get one and
then go subscribers los tipos where cuz
I love to snapchat by collecting YouTube
vlog every single day in 2016 mine I
everyday
I'll do it like a lot okay all right
guys well there's our challenge Turkey
thanks for coming over in front of me
this half but I can't pull him like 300
times and he was so sweet about every
time they've been my fault the first
time now true you can't live once then I
can't like even now so we finally did it
we finally Club and I'll probably like
it you probably already have the clap so
by the time you see this actually when
they see this it it'll probably up the
same day perfect
all right so there's Ricky yeah oh gee
well everybody screaming OH - al that
guy blew up but I yeah anyway he
produced ordinary endomondo
co-wrote produced is he just like by he
doesn't talk is he right for you
no no work together but we still talk
you need to know that kind of like blew
up I always think of you he's great he's
so talented ordinary really made
ordinary so quick and he was he was just
like hey what he's doing I love that I
love it you like no heavy soul right I
known him for a long time give me
Ricky's and blow up next he's gonna be
performing with Meghan Trainor you me
they're gonna blow we're gonna make out
at the globe order words like they did
like charlie quickly Meghan Trainor hey
we just filmed it so I love it Wow
bye like I said whoa whoa
right now
sorry binky right now
I'm gonna do a whole video on it because
it's a nightmare but we don't have to
keep doing it so Shaun drove me and now
we're I'm rocking today
everything we have both me and I don't
like it
a hairy bastard you know he's leaving me
Mr Weis yeah but he's still helping me
doing everything into humming with his
heart situation right now I didn't tell
the whole story but I'm taking care of
my girls I Love You Man I love him he
took care of the bank for me he was just
you're a man today Bambi guys what is
this
tamago tamago we have some wine
this is amazing this is amazing you
think this place rocket sushi humor dine
how to use it yet we have to figure out
how to use it so we can't all get in
this today with my Ricky Ellen video I
look 40
I mean we can't really but never lie
work oh my god she looks sort of like
what does church look like we haven't
had a bath okay okay I don't even know a
thing you're talking about remember what
they're doing that that's not what I
meant
you look fresh you look happy look young
early are like you crazy they like rap
there's obviously were guys like they're
earnest come with a CVS bag full of
stuff like whatever you think of me this
so fancy and one thing in a box that was
already prepackaged I was like I'm in
the day I'm in the box
hey you know I'm it's like the white
elephant working for something like not
me
okay so we're gonna believe these are
for Shane there's truce presence over
there and there's where's your cousins
do you know about what all right well I
can open them and I was like this camera
I don't like do we not like this camera
I mean it okay we gotta figure out
Joey's vlog camera then I mean okay I
love that I know I wouldn't see a camera
in terms like are you filming this as
like way shy not we have a wrapping
paper everywhere we just opened up all
the gifts oh thanks for the promo Lou
time I got the boy loose huh gasps
packing always Andrew show you why okay
this is this is little time we do a
whole wedding after Christmas but he got
me this Marilyn blanket which I thought
there wasn't open house like wow he like
got me something I'm gonna use him so
excited like this is amazing
this pizza things everything and I told
I'm gonna wear it might rain a clothes
because it's like pizza true train I got
them with my shirts for Christmas shirts
back in the day so I definitely do like
it but this was so pretty like sound
pictures of like diet coke my little
beanie baby from like the candy store my
iPhone is that a rule that's what does
that one I like a little watch was Woody
Allen Oh
Shane's on that Woody Allen he's like oh
look I was like I'm gonna so funny Pulp
Fiction Louise a four hours took you
that was so nice he liked decoupage TMF
at my room and didn't want over so much
things I was like okay I'd like sure got
me more like fun gifts just open because
opening is fun oh my gosh it's so sweet
like I'm saying Urban Outfitters
who's your record player oh my god she
weighs oh my god she weighs like I I was
so excited about this this was just
everything and then the final Sergeant
Pepper one of my favorites sir I'm like
obsessed with the Beatles it sounds like
oh you do watch my videos and in this I
love this which means like it's like
kinda random but I kind of love it or
you can do your own video on it inside
inside jokes which I didn't even get so
you guys won't even matter knows I love
to wear huge shirts for bed but he got
me a huge like they make coasters we
never see Diet Coke or my fat jacket we
were in the sleeves and then it got me a
really big amazing gift that I can't
show you cause it's an inside joke and I
was like I don't get it
it feels like it's kind of funny gift
that I got him is still in the mail and
it's good
this guy's it made me not ever sure this
favorite youtuber to hate why would you
guys know where I didn't know it was
like I just like I don't you know that
is I think it's like someone not big
rain guess in the comments down below
wait you to believe drew hey watch yeah
I'm okay I just turn into love watches
we've had that happen oh my god oh my
god you love these guys and so now we're
gonna go open those presents as they're
sent to me by Shannon what our pubes
what the goal scissors which drew light
so we're gonna open those yes I'm close
with pointy right now
morning dollars with scissors there Nate
Berkus scissors so that helps Nate
Berkus is like from do now we're gonna
open these now and I'll show you guys
maybe you guys won't the way for the
what I got for Christmas video cuz I
wanna do one of those so this is vlog
channel me is that Christmas dinner no
she's trying rose fast food videos
that's a chicken thank you you're
welcome
thank you to Wendy's and David Sanders
and when he's never tweets him so tweet
on Wendy's
yeah what the fuck everyone tweet Wendy
why would you ignore YouTube there I'm
blockin by not about and I love them so
like I'm like hi and I'm like oh my god
it's a black yeah he just wasn't audio
focus
yeah it's recording or not I just up Oh
exactly no take the point is supposed to
be that give us all them rally
what Fred vinyl and slow it down when
you're his real singing I know some
column oh my god or even Alvin and the
Chipmunks I would be scary yeah
we don't I find that on YouTube though
okay no this is everything it's not so
cool you do this you like hipsters right
now it's like we're such hipster like
Urban Outfitters records on Christmas
those balls are gonna turn blue so clear
you guys can you guys see how pretty
look will help pretty look it's so much
better the fish I like doesn't distort
you I love how they sold you a camera
and the batteries already dead Accio
charger that's a camcorder but it's so
cool I'm obsessing this camera
brace your smith first annual trish miss
special hey y'all today I'm here with
Trish we're going to do a sleep hole
when I sleep I like to have my phone I
like to lay an account I like to have
fun
Trish what do you do me no that was a
dream sorry we thought it'd be fun wrong
it's a prank
