because lunch fucking so laughs I'm
about to know I got chicken and I don't
know what this is what is that Oh a
Danish on which you already know for my
blog channel if you forget scene and
he's um he suggested this place I never
been here before us but our videos I'm
telling him about you - I'm still trying
to minsum hopefully by the time this
goes up here all you have a youtube
channel so if he doesn't go and tell him
you wanna see Warner what if I told you
what we were talking about just a minute
ago more than that for sure so we're
gonna eat another episode no don't ruin
that but yeah this is for the pros out
there watching the blob me and Jared
only people at the party there's a nice
time it's basically a dance it's routine
why did that's what yells when you sat
next to but
and we were like wanting to be on camera
wait this is gossip boy oh really yes
now after a very big job which I'm so
impressed
you're some friends okay
so we have to make these awesome a
pillar meeting there's a dog look at
this dog wait yeah yeah let's look and
buy a dog I think he's gonna think my
face is the cookie no you guys I never
had a dog before anyway really miss and
have one of Jenna's dog and what I was
drunk not drunk right now and I'm
petting a dog so this for everything a
really big very big
he's like I was like I was like who
would do that
I guess what once a mouse came under
like two Rockies we know it's working hi
guys
when I come here syndrome public say
Trish it happens peasants
and are you guys so proud of Trish for
being around $2 I was trying to get some
time with store but keeps passing out I
know where he's under there it's so cool
he's adorable I love her too so this is
a really clever beginning so now I can
like hang out Morris I'm very excited
this is very key because this is a big
dog a big-ass dog no excuse run that
Queen out of his mouth over very quick
I know right it's the camera it's like a
wide-angle it's my favorite Joey that
was fun huh phone earlier
I know maybe wasn't look how cute they
are these are my favorite now they're my
favorite people
I found us warm you let me hold them
they're so cute look at him he doesn't
like me he doesn't either but I like
them
