oh the worst hangover in the world right
now
holy shit you guys out of all dinger my
head
it's a lot better when I woke this
morning I actually thought I was gonna
die I was sore my head hurt so lastly
hyssop I saw was me was Sean and then
after Sean it was someone else
and it was just a lie a lot of it you
know and a lot of drinking oh my god I
only can have a drink so much wine I
think between me and Sean we drove drink
I could have bottles and then my other
friend came over maybe I drink another
half bottle with him I threw up a little
bit I have never been so hungover
they have a lot of fun last night let me
tell you I had so much fun last night
and I needed that cuz I haven't like had
good hang-up sessions with like my
friends is like a while and grandage
sounds like a new friend of mine but I
love it and then the other guys saw was
like a really old friend of mine so it
was like really kinda weird it'd be cool
to see you know both of them and it was
just I don't know well Sean had to get
up early and I was still like a put in
the party mood I was like who else can I
hang out with just getting some of those
sometimes you just get in those moods I
was just ready to hang out with like
everybody it was crazy so I'm so over
I'm so hungry and I actually the
plumbers were here this morning there is
a leak in my house oh so annoying but
aside from that I have a phone call 11
with a manager and then I have another
one at 11:30 about my tour which I was
super excited to talk about because it's
like happening it's like crazy so I had
to like talk like ginger ale and advil
here because I don't like sober up
quickly cuz I my head was pounding when
the plumbers came this morning I like
couldn't even stand up I was like I
can't show you where the bathrooms are
just just look just go find them alright
house is such a mess - I need to like
clean it up it's getting kind of control
so anyways that is what's happening and
yeah oh my god I got that who were they
rich inside like picking it so close it
was literally just like dry skin it's my
so crust sorry basil grows bitch I can't
lie like sometimes I'm just - gross
bitch but I knew bad for my downstairs
bedroom I should go see if my friend put
it up let's go oh it's gonna be painful
it's go see if it a little kid see you
my parents are wait
oh you need to like arrest my head it
feels like 500 pounds right now
okay I'm not about okay I'm visiting my
friend he's recording at this recording
studio
apparently vegetable lot see how it goes
it's kind of scary but I got dressed so
I feel
I know oh he's literally blow drying our
dessert
he made me dinner I should have been
blogging the dinner he made me what is
it you have you pork chops lamb chops
pork chop they were so good that
actually I've never had it but I'm still
good in that soup and then we got coffee
and I was making dessert and I've no
idea what it is he's totally surprising
me and he picks me Nicholas you guys
look very cool and then he gave me a
special chain which I love this necklace
even more now so we'll see what this
dessert is that he's bringing I don't
know you gonna open your present right
right in his present so you have to open
it hey guys there's something we knows
he has it it's ready let me see this
dessert planning it let's get in the
whippin together yo you're wanting a
whipped cream yeah
wait it's like homemade what you make it
out of whipped cream well you just like
blending that's actually so good oh my
god I'm so excited
I love through I love a whip cream on my
I'm so excited
yeah you guys you everlasting it was
long last like I said that's the first
time anyone's ever cooked for me last
night was my friend and to be so worthy
of such great friends so thank you so
much I can't wait to eat this oh my
pleasure
you're this amazing bone Appetit nah
okay guys so now we're just chilling
peaceful serenading me with awesome
songs but my favorite I said well you
play my favorite he's like which one I'm
like you know the what I'm obsessed with
is his original song heart attack I'll
link the video below and also it's on
iTunes please gonna give you an acoustic
performance right here it's like Kurt
Cobain unplugged dad I'm not gonna rape
me on MTV people on his couch let's hear
it
hit me like a heart attack hit me like a
heart attack breathe life into my
thumb's just so I know it's alright be
the hit me like a heart attack hit me
like a heart attack
bring it love to my looks just so I know
it's alright
can you do the whole time for me it's
such a good song guys I'm not even just
saying that's like an amazing song so
that's a lie before us repeat probably
should record the whole thing because
you can put on his cuz it's so good oh
it's so good look at it you look like a
feel you look like someone who I feel in
right now it's like just showing I love
laptop you're very like Sex Pistols
Beatles like very English to match your
shoes oh yeah Miami rum you're saying
that's our favorite album mm-hmm I love
it alright we're gonna get our steering
puts on Instagram - but by the 19th or
attack people's music oh yeah
