historian in my house no one's running
possess no man we move the snow get over
here
I could be done on the third floor I
could be sleeping in my bed and today my
friend was doing my hair no I moved him
off he's scary
so I have a touch of a stuffy nose today
but I'm actually like not sick
but I sound worse cause my nose is like
running and it's snowing the wing
but anyway it's story with the Snowman
you guys this story I used to be over
over there right over there in that
session and you would go off all the
time and I'm like is he really that
sensitive like even if we weren't moving
verges Lee sitting at the counter he
would go off something maybe he's
sensitive to us talking so I would just
be completely quiet and in bed last
night nobody was going to offer us a
quick pack and then Jeff was downstairs
and he's like are you homeless like no
he's like your story was going off I'm
like what the heck and then just it's
like possessed like it just goes off at
random times and now you guys just I was
over there
it's quiet with my voice but I was
moving around so it was it was really
weird I think there's a ghost it's like
triggering it gives me like the chills
it's like it's so creepy but anyways I
order food I hope I can taste it and I'm
filming the videos for you guys today so
times people ask like why are you always
so glad when you're just like in your
house well I get glammed up for my
videos my my main channel videos because
I'm original videos I mean there are my
job so it's like getting glam to go to
work like you know you get dressed up to
go to work you do your hair your makeup
so I like to look nice for you guys I
don't think that's like doing oh she
just wears makeup sitting around and
like when she goes out she'll said crap
well when I go I'm not you know I'm
vlogging but I'm not I'm not sitting
down doing videos when I'm sitting out
new videos I'm gonna look presentable
and pretty for you guys zoomy okay I
don't know I just like to look pretty so
I actually am going my friend Sean is
cooking dinner for me tonight he was one
of my dancers and my Christmas sucks I'm
a marriage mistress if he's cooking
dinner for me tonight
I can't I'm fine I just personal reason
my nose is stuffy but I'm just gonna
take some mucinex just like hopefully
clear this out before I don't think I'm
like sick you know what I mean because
I've actually don't feel sick I just
have stuffing
that's neither here nor there I got my
mixing key it might be I think I should
you guys this yesterday I'm a big sent
10 log and then eat some food I post
mean it I'll just a little bit a little
bit of food because eating dinner and
I'm gonna continue you know that I've
boxes and then I'm gonna continue doing
videos for you guys so that's what I'm
good today oh my gosh is this not gonna
cool seats Trevor look how big it is I
love it
I told my therapist about you yep
basically me and all my relationships
okay guys my annual vlog for my uber
gets here I'm wearing my OTD this is
from it's either from people or forever
23 people or from 21 I'm gonna this
lighting in my kitchen though do me no
favors that might boots on I have this
is everything I bring you bringing my
big I've had to show him the Christmas
sex video I'm bringing of course my
phone my key a bottle of wine and some
cookies I told him he's the first person
to like ever cook for me like in LA like
it's crazy
first besides my mom but like first
person ever cook for me it's like so
crazy he's like no I was like yeah
something really excited I just love him
so much I don't know I'll be vlogging
we'll see where the night goes but I
love this guy's so much he was in my
blog he was in my behind the scenes of
my marriage video so you guys have seen
him before so I don't think you'll care
but who knows like I said was their
first time like hanging out so I'm super
stoked yeah yeah OTT I love it cuz he's
cooking steaks second eat so I thought I
was solving um so I start goodness I
move it is you've got a new vlog camera
that's not a new cat long yeah yeah no
you watch you watch some real eyes no
new one starts 2016 all right for eating
cookies and I'm what I told her I felt I
did a buildup
hey Channing Tatum he can take a shirt
off for us later I am yeah fuck yeah
I'm gonna show you what these cookies do
to your abs cookies look at the cookies
yeah I'm telling you these are protein
based cookies how hot you look you see
all those crumbs right there Mandor well
so go to subscribe to him he won't do it
but I'm trying to convince them to so
you guys have to go subscribe so he'll
blow a lot more people subscribe that
would be really nice do it do it and
he's straight like we're drinking wine
Cheers
he's been so nice by the way he cooked
me dinner I didn't walk that fuck yeah I
made her steak you may say sweet
potatoes vegetables yeah yeah you're
very nice I want you to be healthy and
when I give you that protein is
literally like I feel like I know what
like a girl's feel like y know what I
feel like when guys is consoling
touching girls like that's hanging with
her I can't help it look at these
you guys subscribe to shot we're gonna
dance later for you guys to an
eight-count
Julie yeah I'm going to teach you an
eight count do it together okay
but then you should you should make a
video for your channel - with me in hat
yeah I'm gonna we're gonna teach you an
eight count well then you have to put
the video up of what we taught you okay
let's do that like you know the right
all I can say is Trish is hiccuping her
face off right now because I just called
two bottles of no it's not water doesn't
drink she did hopefully they would
sponsor lying let's get the sponsorship
this is some tears and white pink and
white in white here cheers the pink and
white no cheers the choreography the
choreography now a cookie choreography
