you guys are these all the cutest
holiday finds ever they were on sale at
Pier one I mean that is just so adorable
it's so huge I don't even if you could
tell help with this cup is but it's like
literally like a suit full size like
it's so big
and I love that pr1 has all these things
let's say like ho ho ho I got this
person eggnog so I can drink my eggnog
classy
that's like eggnog in here - that'd be a
lot of eggnog this joy cup so today I am
going shopping I know I'm chewing gum
again sorry guys
sorry not sorry it's like a take an
anxious thing like a habit I guess
um but we're going shopping at South
Coast Plaza Mall for Christmas shopping
we sleep for ourselves cuz we're not
really doing a whole present exchange
but you know we're going shopping but I
have so many cookies on this table like
so many like I'm just gonna show you
real quick like do you see all these
cookies it's actually so ridiculous
there's like a reason I was actually
gonna have like this holiday like party
thing I was gonna have at a holiday
party things just things happen that it
just didn't work out and now I have all
these cookies cuz I gotta get these
cookies I was like presents to everyone
tonight of all these cookies there is a
cookie party this week so I'm hiding it
for that and give them out to friends
with so how many cuz he's like all this
stuff all these have cookies inside of
them like yes cookies stuff but I don't
know what these are but they're kind of
you
it's my favorite mom it's an Orange
County look so far away from me but we
finally made it took an uber and my
mom's car to get here look at my mom
look at her out last 700 I had a little
festive outfit on today your festive
she's logged in today - I know it's so
crazy Christmas is like right around the
corner I'm so excited
it smells so good this is our place cap
bro hey good to see you mom - my mom is
back on her Channel she's walking over
there to party celebrate it
lunch
waiting Frances
Champlain Hazem in a fancy place
putting me my system
you can see what you get over there twin
challenge dr. Barbie lenabena they're
walking
oh geez
all right we just survived Victoria's
Secret is crazy at the mall right now
like it's crazies like a Tuesday and
it's insane but look how cute this isn't
oh my god this is such a snapchat right
now are you learn it yeah I can feed
myself so my sister little is like I
told her I liked your video change I'm
gonna see if you liked it I'm like I did
it why would I say it but I got all this
from me in the lady at the things that
you want gift boxes and my sister said
they're all gifts for her
and they are and the lady's like that's
totally ok as if I was like a loser have
no friends shop boy which kind of the
case might be topping for her
oh that's your ceiling I was like no I
did not like them fish Island New Year
in the new year I got a new camera and
West was sued in the New Year for my
blog me if the Canada said that all when
it's 2016 this just as long so say
goodbye to this in a few weeks no more
fish I I'll take it like this you
already meet beggars can't be choosers
those dupes you must join my sister on
YouTube YouTube rocker Barbie oh that's
bad promo
hi I'm rapido oh yeah her she's my
friend first in this I was recording mom
I'm sorry my mom comes out with bags
you're wearing the same she had all
black my mom had all black I'm like we
literally thought it was and my sister I
think well I think she's out I think she
was like a cute girl I mean my son my
mom could do that one day with someone
who's like what to hurt me or something
be like where's Trish I won't tell your
address let's just cut this long right
now and see where we're going are going
to Sears we're going to get plenty
camping area clinic areas that are there
to her we just love you so much and I
was like so sweet and I loved her and
she play Club Penguin and my mom you
ever seen my mom she'll bring you to me
probably to my house if you asked her
I'll Drive you just kidding it was
really easy I loved it I get your bags
you get everywhere so you got Stella's
gonna go check you know yeah that's okay
they're all right here yes they were my
final my only ones and I got one for
myself too for my Christmas present my
little camera yeah that's my youtube
channel council this blog my daily life
love it and then some Callie's getting
one that was my mommy she's being bougie
we are getting at gasps it's like the
end of the day I don't even think I took
you guys shopping with me we bought I
bought all that stuff it's gonna come up
at a home in Oyster Bay oh I did I
should you guys we were trading prices
last time we talked I know eyebrows the
dead dumb and mustache it done oh the
maintenance of being a girl nails waxing
hair upkeep all things I actually came
but I love the results so I do it cuz
I'm a girl some loving my tape ends my
mom yeah what do you like to be on
you're on you can hear me because I hear
you she so where's yours
I don't you where's your video camera
she's so weird
