hey guys I'm starting the vlog kind of
late today because I've literally just
been in the house being such a bomb um
but I'm wearing my hat and I'm matching
with my little penguin uh me and Jeff
are going out to go see Krampus I think
that's my uber calling uber is here
every time I start vlogging it's whether
you were always comes I've got this huge
mug from pure once a it's so cute though
I love it
Hey callicles acres like sweater dress
thing happening ready to go out get some
food
watch a movie chill night hat from
Topshop hey there and we were going to
see Krampus which I'm super I've heard
was super a terrible you hear anything
about it Jeff yeah that's about
Christmas is that what it's about
no it's not Jeff actually grows with
movies so if it's terrible it's about a
real legend you know a real legend but
alleged is fake and made-up correct
correct
so it's not how can i legend be real
can't even see you what ABS Ron I want
to see you whack I didn't vlog all day
today so this is a good flog so good
idea do you love it I need to tweet it
to my Lakers friend May it was just like
how a good time I'm like you too he's
like what it's not like driving I guess
because you're not coming with us are
you excited job they have Santa here
they have Santa here three years ago
just yet
sat on Santa's lap
we can recreate we're we eating
go ahead and look around
why you don't like which place million
places amigas no there me made me second
we have diarrhea for five days awesome
it's the kind where they serve the meat
on the sticks no no I'm just kidding
why Madden kidding well like don't do
that
it is
that's why we're looking a little better
I think that would be your son
he's ochio
honey no no you one tell say mr. Wyatt
this is commemorate our three years ago
no one's even in line no one's in mine
we should go yeah okay where's the line
entrance behind the tree hey where did
you go for this tradition Santa actually
you know you think I think you probably
thought we were like dating CJ
congratulations so so we did this three
years oh yes a friendship you know we'd
known each other
years go see Santa this is perfect
get a picture let's go see where it is
that guy's living
he's so happy to meet Santa what new or
not that we should have been more
excited to meet him we were little bring
our a-game to this picture now that we
see this dude no I you love it I love it
you guys look at her we met Santa
picture I was just like Jeff look how
little Santa looks compared to both of
us we look like a massive Giants and
he's so skinny
jephta said he takes up a third of the
screen
singing dineymarie for our road trip and
there's no Wi-Fi here so I'm really
upset
what diner and there's no excitement the
lack of Wi-Fi is distressing and I
should provide it was so good
team a with my non boyfriend although
Santa thought we were dating can say
congratulations
with my non boyfriend thank you so you
don't like service no that's not even
close to sprite that's why we said ok I
was like yeah jester not leak that
doesn't work is this Oh No thank you
sounds actor we are the flamingos ticket
counter raises seizures and the funding
go
because it's the same like entertainment
this is I know I have big CD got what is
it penne vodka yeah and we got a picture
take another picture taken this has been
quite eventful night and neither one of
us were dressed up hum I know and I
would put makeup on you know we are
doing all fancy about that's key we just
saw Krampus definitely don't like we
don't know what was happening we don't
know what's going on all in all it
wasn't scary so if you want to be cool
on the go see a scary movie goes to that
one because it wasn't scary the
co-author my horror book we're guys yeah
it was pretty terrible but anyways we're
gonna wrap up the night sorry this vlog
was so short I didn't do much today
except we're going out to eat I'm eating
more stuff so anyways wrapping it up
blinker pride don't see Krampus and you
got bucha that's it see you soon
