hey guys so I just started my day with
my vlog but I have been at the salon I
got taken extensions Jesus loved them I
love having tape in so I'm going to get
my nails done the white turn kind of
like yellowish I'm gonna go get holiday
nails the gap
there's the tape
that's my nail salon and I'm going in
toilet and you're coming with me I'm
just leaving nail bar Beauty launch like
dark when it kills I got ruby red
Dorothy it's kinda hard see I got ruby
red like Dorothy nails I love it so much
tis the season for red nails I wanted to
get my eyebrows I'm a petty but they
were just like overbooked and there's
more truther like it's so la you like
there's my uber we're home got second
genius orange juice which um talked
about this my favorites I've had an
orange juice and then Kimbo get me a
little Christmas present till hair mask
and try that out but yeah there's the
most extreme butter on the light Gary
for your closer okay with oh your
private he's prior on everything now so
he's hiding from the world we're going
to do a podcast so we had to get coffee
but we just got to get food I'm starving
what you're so quick I got my cookie
butter drink I told him my dreams with
you butter to the New Year actually
think it's over in the New Year zone
it's just so bad for you cookie wetter
is the worst probably
no I'm saying the ice blended with sugar
anagogical muffin that's okay I don't
like here because I was are hard for
diet like a week ago I don't lose weight
i binge what I don't eat at one week and
then the next day everything little bit
eating disorder binge eating didn't stop
binging ever never
kill will be like healthy on Instagram
and your mister I mean you look good you
look good Caleb you look so good now I'm
just getting out though
we're gonna get a meatlovers pizza once
it's like out of a beer yeah thank you
it's just yummy mmm
my cookie better drink oh wait look at
those new shoes you got the white I got
the black to my kid help booty over here
what's my present when you getting me
for Christmas he got all these weird new
shoes I got some stilettos I got you
something for real actually but I can't
tell you because it's a surprise yeah I
thought of you the other day and I was
like this is a good kill by then oh good
kill present I don't see writing is for
a vlog I feel like you've never opened
my door for me oh thanks Kayla I was
actually so nice of you that was so nice
I'm actually like never had anyone open
a door that's why I was like kind of
confusing look why is he following me
that was so nice oh yeah yeah that's
kind of funny almost like it could be a
scene in a movie where you know romantic
comedy the girls like used to like
assholes and I go to the car door and
she's like what do you know like yeah it
is like it that's kind of why I felt
like and I was like oh wow he's being so
nice no no no I used to be nice Cal were
in his car cuz I'm Carlos so I also
figure out our food situation and we're
gonna podcast see how it goes
okay guys we're about to podcast on
Caelian 51 are you putting on iTunes and
SoundCloud or just SoundCloud I have no
idea you're gonna have to walk me
through it all there's five yes what if
you have a huge podcast I like this was
the first one ever and you're like I
have no idea what I'm doing well cases
that are very slim activism lets me get
to the universe so yeah be good no be
happy uh I heard about if you did if you
do like four or five shows at a time you
stack them up and then you like bundle
them up and you well not on yeah and it
throws I think it's like you know they
come out boom boom boom right on iTunes
like an algorithm probably Thanks
show them can we show them wait can we
show them this oh my does it you need to
do a whole video on this now that I'm
explain explain this oh my god my first
love
yes what it's miss like yeah this is so
buddy this is supposed to be a Christmas
light kind of a string of liked wall of
lights I don't know like shit on the
curtain of light yes okay yeah and it's
supposed to be like okay here at the top
one strand and it flows down all these
lights down your wall like nice and
pretty right decorative or whatever but
on Amazon the little reviews it says you
know of like 5 stars
there are KH like 5050 and the people
that say like it's a mess to get
anything tails one of those people now
I've never exactly
I think everybody's it you know it's
it's this way it's just a matter of if
you post it or don't get money I'm alone
wait like I was telling you if you have
suicidal tendencies I'm not by G's you
literally kill yourself with it I'm like
it's like you can't every time you think
that you're like gonna get it I'm done
or something all of a sudden another not
comes right smack shit it's so funny
this angle right now is two kills and
it's terrifying there's like two Lola so
I don't know what to do it's kind of
like job it's thank you I kind of like
this right there I guess like a cobweb
of life but it's keep of life lights Oh
light the cuz you when this is a cobweb
of life and I think his green ones over
there should be his Caelian backdrop for
his podcast we're gonna have a but hey I
gotta close up for you you guys I was a
booty you're sure we're teaching him I'm
teaching him how to use post meets
tonight I'm teaching him how to podcast
really got teaches dog new tricks that's
nice the old dog we have a thing about
the older they know I'm 35 guys up day
on we ordered food and it's not here I'm
gonna die so hungry kill starving me
he's like Trish we're not gonna eat
tonight
my guess would be the BAE
are you insane everybody's good with
what what did you say how do you say
that podcast with you what is it
alright you don't even know how are you
videoing right now hello
what was it podcast with who I was
reading your gum I know but I say it how
did you say it b-day he said because a
podcast with beat you newbie you always
said that you're like I am BAE BAE
baebae
you know BAE means before us everything
well BAE
it's an answer before anyone else before
anyone else which is true in the moment
you're not before anyone else all the
time but right now you're before anyone
else were hanging out wonder when the
internet little acronyms linking bow you
know I don't as it was all probably
Instagram really should we test you to
see what you know yes okay go ahead
block it Bay this is podcast material
right here okay well we can take this on
the podcast you BAE before anyone oh
okay
lmao l8 m lmao well you don't know this
one believe me this is so easy alone I
started you off with the easiest one
lmao laugh my ass off you know it
revie's dukes I just didn't hear it
properly
yeah so you got that one WTF w GT w TF
what the fuck okay DTF
downtown DTF
uh-oh DTF yo DTF this is not good this
shows his lack of player skills play
skills up really
DTF if a girl is DTF she's dumb
that was good you got it did you know it
what would it be
don't know you're right you had it right
the first time say it again downtown no
trash
no she's DTF hey can't let go there's
DTF go talk to her
DTS I can't if you don't know arrange
bread right now think about four
different things
something about food down to fiber down
to fuck yeah I would have thought of
that my mind that's too dirty come on
common though people think you see all
the time it's very common okay s mhm
what's made Matt people say it on
Twitter all the time Oh what is that you
don't know s MH s uh sexy motherfucker
oh my god shaking my head oh really
shaking my head her sock I wish I saw a
video that's uh this girl and she's
gonna like no I'm talking about cuz it
was she follows you I see it was a girl
she does YouTube killer blonde girl her
mom and she quizzed her mom about these
very same things and her mom was like
Lewis it was really I wonder her Curtis
how do you know she follows me cuz you
know I think she's commented various
times on stuff of mine about you like
you know the whole thing we are Donder
that is yeah cute little blonde girl
with your mom let us know who you are
shoutout to cancel are you doing your
part are you done with YouTube now you
like stop you are youtubing and now
you're done um um I made a cube but this
week was very very stressful very like
as I told you a little bit earlier you
know it's hard sometimes come on you
just want to like oh we should do one
now yeah well uh get that camera out I
say this I want to help my now like I
don't have a my tripod oh my god your
tripod is literally your phone case
thing I know right so like
I'm so excited about our podcast we're
going to on Cales because we were
getting questions already and people
were asking some some intense questions
already yeah oh my insta how they are
mm-hmm
what are they saying well should we sure
take for the podcast I feel like you
should be surprised natural reaction as
I read them I'm gonna read them chill oh
you're the my guest
okay you're the hot seat mama why come
you mama what do you want mom buddy all
your little fishies call you mom
mom okay yeah om temple Stoops is what
it stands for
what does sue stand for it kale ha ha ha
but um Bom oh yeah what a jackass it's
like we got Dukes of Hazzard just you
know when a guy who's here down and
cross feet oh that's so trashy as hell
and he comes home every night it's one
of those guys that like takes 10 minutes
to park and I mean like you know like
really dude else a rant you have a car
you have a car we hear it she hears it
cut the fucking thing I would say yeah
look at him oh it's knowing you heard
the thing yeah no that wasn't I didn't
know you loved to I thought is just like
visiting ok your thing is freaking me
out those like that yeah as a salt
noxious I know right this is Beverly
Hill it's like come on kid ball steps so
you can't you stand no attention to him
yeah guys look what we got we got fries
and chicken and chips and we got pastas
in there we got Chipotle pasta shrimp
pastas what did you get in here what is
that
I got a vegan pasta yeah you do why look
at way this is so funny this is my
favorite veritable Brussels sprout soup
your liar
look at all the in force they gave us
they think we're like feeding 12 people
well you know
is it down it is what I got bitchin and
I'm beautiful slice and talk about the
guided we will literally watch it him
drive away from our food was oh my god
it's like that was our postman was going
an opposite way and we were so hungry
guys called me on snapchat I've been
snap chatting this whole adventure we
were so hungry he's going the other way
but like dude
followed me to I mean I'm like literally
I'm so like entertained watching
snapchat but God no he's not he is
follow him we're watching your Apple TV
I have yeah but it's your bougie I've
always loved ever here why can't your
play my music video than once weird yeah
we can't cuz I got YouTube no I can't
watch I'll show you I'm not sure
something qualms won't blow your mind
let me snapchat this first
um we got went through your first date
your worst day my lesbian date we talked
about good my lesbian lumbers and my
crushes you guys want to see over here
on this we're on kales podcast right now
and I just talked about my
ex-girlfriends that I really had crushed
on that I've never I only have ever said
out loud I think I've hinted by never
said so you guys want to know that juicy
gossip
hey those girls are they're hot you know
they are
I have attracted a lot of these people
always think the same thing with my
friends the friends and the girls more
like they all have that same look
Shannon GG arica they all have a very
like pornstar s look and that's what I'm
attracted to I think I am too we're
attracted the same girls you know but
girls with curves girls they're feminine
girls that you know um anything less is
kind of boring when he says girls with
Curtis he just likes big boobs that idea
I do I have to admit you know if you get
in an argument with the girl you always
got those two government these does can
always keep you company
oh my god
Oh what do you what do you do it's the
truth well with big boobs oh shut oh
look twelve days of Christmas come from
yeah right we are wow that's crazy
right um family's coming into town music
video comes out next Friday my second
music video um my friends away I was
really really oh thanks yeah you got a
sneak peek at my Christmas songs you're
getting a really good yeah um yeah I
love my music videos and Christmas ones
yeah I I'm having family come in and
family home in to your house and my
brother might sit and my wife oh he's
gonna be there Jeff's gonna be there
absolutely bedrooms everybody can be
there so nice that's nice I don't have
that out here I'm gonna have to go back
that yeah
well mostly always out here my brother
was always out here too he just recently
moved away but everyone else not here my
sister my dad everybody right so okay so
we're all having Christmas to get really
yes everybody's gonna get big present I
actually know my brother and his my ham
say that but uh I'm singing a half
afterwards but no we are were we're not
doing the whole present thing this year
for a reason but not batteries and a
good reason um but I got like little
gifts from my mom and my sister and my
dad I got them like tickets to this show
so I'm like I get people little gifts I
just funny to my friends I'm getting
more gifts for this year three years ago
I don't have any friends to get good for
this year I like wrote a list I have
like I have a bog gift summer write down
the Christian shopping I think I bought
gifts for 15 people that are not related
to me which is crazy because I used to
have I used to never it's crazy and
they're very extravagant doesn't it feel
good to be able to yes just really show
how rich you are that's what I do I love
doing it my director Andrew um for my
music videos I got him I leave it on
wala it was his like initials
monogrammed did and he was like so
excited about it me more don't you
I Louie Vuitton wallet Wow yeah and had
his big initials monogrammed in there
waiting yeah just me at all
what were you gonna give me get some
mapper now right and we will end it with
that we will never
still ever no never now
