oh my gosh the fake poser is still on
Twitter the one that's pretending to be
the guy I was seeing Roger Rogers not on
social media by the way I said that I
think I said that yesterday but this
guy's being so crazy he's like Gigi
Peters going to expose that guy's not
Roger he doesn't know us he doesn't know
me anyways weird person weird people
being creepy but anyways I was just
catching up on that drama but various
videos out though it was just the cool
thing it's a quick that's not drama no
if you have the marriage this is that
I'm so excited you guys are loving it
I'm in my all pink out but I've been
filming videos all day including the
announcement of my nutrition quality
line which is like super hard to see
right now but if you can see me a little
booty so Trisha Paytas you can get it at
etsy.com slash shop / the elm lines and
I'm waiting for my cookie butter ice
blended drink from coffee bean I post
mated it because I've been posting
everyday it's been like an unhealthy
obsession literally an unhappy one but I
think I've been meeting my car back
today so I'm thinking pink thinking
positive and yeah and thanks guys for
tuning right last night I know it's kind
of like ranting and rambling and like
being all over the place but I just
really appreciate you guys like let me
talk through things and talking out
things and all that stuff and yeah oh
that's a Bath & Body Works haul back
there yeah I have to get this all
organized probably tomorrow I just feel
like oh tomorrow they have a million
things going on too but anyways um so
made you look um yeah that's what I was
catching up on I was catching about the
comments on marasmus I'm so glad you
guys are liking it you ship your iTunes
now it wasn't on iTunes as of this
morning but it'll be on like sometime
today so I think will be on soon and
thank you guys and thank you guys for
being awesome and reporting like posers
and also like being on Twitter I can
still see her as a sweet gentle blog
it's welcome to her but I think
hopefully today I don't know I'm just
trying to think positive with that -
there's so many things to think positive
I kind of had a rough morning
like not gonna lie there are some things
happening but that's not anything to
talk about because I'm thinking positive
today I'm thinking positive I'm thinking
pink I can't wait to get my drink cookie
butter so good you guys cookie butter is
so good I love this drink so much so
many calories sorry I knew this art like
limiting myself cuz I went a little
crazy but I'm gonna have a couple more
this season right it's the season we're
all going to go on diets in the new
year's so I keep telling myself but yeah
thank guys were we awesome just having
my back on Twitter and all that cool
stuff and see what today brings
hopefully something good hopefully I'll
get my car if not how to pay no well no
I just rant
okay guys sorry I had my crying that guy
like legit made me cry and I just
fucking him up on me fucker
anyways I'm about to eat we got we're
trying this place called City walk and
so we just got delivered we got chow
mein fried rice luckily beef chicken and
pot stickers so that's what we're eating
today has been the roughest day of my
life like I had a huge fight with a
friend this morning fucking will just
can't get their shit together and a
million other things could just go wrong
it's Trish miss damn should be really
excited and it's just my Twitter still
suspended like shit just sucks right now
should've been Christmas sucks out
because I fucking I'm upset but I'm
gonna eat my feelings cuz what else is
there to do okay I just realize that I'm
doing vlogmas wrong welcome to vlogmas
great
I was at my intro oh ho ho there she
yeah I'm a dear getting fucking fucked
oh I don't know about you but I'm a
watch Trish on Christmas long miss that
was weird face you should just have your
song playing like 10 seconds of Mary
Trish myth like yeah God have stopped
the tops have a man did you watch it
Harry
I tweeted it you did I'm not on Twitter
I'm suspended we all tweeted it oh thank
you
I use Twitter we're promoting all day
thank you
okay Ron I'm gonna do the opening with
your interesting but it's vlogmas day
1200 beautifully - yeah we're Christmas
which is all looks very Trish nice
clothes beautiful okay I did it wrong
but we are here I'm in my Harry Potter
but this was the worst day ever for me
where's they ever help it but I was like
read all this video worst day of my life
what should a thumbnail be typing daddy
crying when we come back we'll make a
prop
by the end of the night it happens it
usually happens I don't know we got
dropped off at this thing way I'm
treating my tablet or STD have been oh
maybe that's why is the itchiness my
vagina STD we're at El Torito we got
dropped off in a parking lot st. we were
driver by the way he was very um
scared of us he was literally trying to
get out of the car the whole topic
driving he's know what's the window
really yeah oh he didn't hear me on the
way over I was like cousin somewhere out
what's really real oh maybe cuz you guys
were watching said that sound like porn
it was important it sounded like porn
which you're watching the car yeah maybe
that was for you guys we just got done
eating
do you know me about guys look at this
look how Shane did like a baller he's
like private room at El Torito Falls
that's a VIP status room look nobody
here
babies guys you know why cuz I knew
Shane and you work you know really why
cuz they probably have like two stars on
Yelp know what I mean here I know this
shrimp is terrify any want to eat it
with like I felt like it might dying
very cold but like right away it was
cold
yeah I was okay with it but it was cold
it was cold for sure but the service was
nice they were at the Ala don't a refill
it took like a break they took a break
big also gave me an incredible anxiety
today I D D like every time I try to
skip it is a do attack in everything oh
yes it is I was like oh my god
like speaking stick or something sick
from look was that movie with Farrah
Fawcett Chevy Chase and Jonathan Taylor
Thomas sneaking stick he's like you look
dumpy in CDs I love it she knew that do
you remember that Mimi siku one to
remember the Indian with Tim Allen
he had an Indian son course
no but it's not like that it was um oh I
jungle or um jungle don't know yeah but
I mean we see cool I love that the thing
I said maybe I saw that the video school
oh yeah cover the cover yeah yeah and
Martin Short was in it I have a more in
short story story time or I can't say
guys yeah boy knows he loved to work
stories
I hope it's a much long story actually
that it was like a CDC I didn't think I
was a real person my favorite thing in
the whole world with the actual traffic
nutrition is usually my thing you yes
anything you're still here for song
number two
say that house like I'd lived sometime
their future by the way I'm in my
Slytherin OTD by the way if anyone can
tell don't know you did it
okay you guys got sugar permits Sugar
Shane how much did you spend let's make
this a competition that's personal guys
we always got away like I said no it's
always the thing Oh
87 35 who do you think some more me or
shame but I remember was it $30 I spent
oh yeah it's my $5 donation to socialize
yep I'm a little dollar for me she said
as many dollars as you wanted really
2000 dollars never 28 but you gave a
hundred to the crazy lady singing I also
gave a hundred to my post me but you
know I made her work yeah that's a whole
thing your post may story is an
adventure I'll tell you that everything
you post me is like worth on story time
is not hiring $17
