okay good morning guys I just edited
well I'm gonna stay 20 and 21
I look so crazy anyways yes can we just
can we just acknowledge this bud stand
right here so there is my phone for my
private snapchat there is an empty box
for O'Shea's that I had for breakfast
this is a super special gift that my
best friend in the whole world got me
for Christmas this is holy water from
Jordan River where Jesus was baptized
over in Israel he put it in this
beautiful pea crystal uh it's just so
special this this whole thing the water
his journey the case everything is so
special like me guys ah I love it so
much and he's like there's the actual
waters in there and he's like you can
you can use it when you feel the need to
so I put it by all my my little Jesus
Jesus protects me by my bed with Donny
Osmond okay so I thought I don't know
how I was gonna vlog today because I was
like this is gonna be kind of a boring a
day I feel um but I had to because okay
first and foremost a lot of people were
treating me about this but I loved Jenna
okay so I'm watching Jenna and Jillian's
podcast and Jenna first of all I just
played a little bit of it being sucked
out of them yeah 13 she's talking about
Shane's caroling super it's red you know
so all of your company yeah he's a he's
an adult in his lines
speaking of reinventing yourself
Julian's like I could write a
dissertation there's a penis and why I
think she's fucking brilliant and
incredible you know a lot of people
didn't like her for the longest time
understand what she was doing I love
what she said
this is cool to hear from Jenna and to
hear from outside perspectives and stuff
like that because I'd be more like
treasure you're just more of a master
show you're getting worse she run funny
too sure you're irrelevant so this is
really cool to hear from jennifer a
number of reasons one jenna is she has
17 million subscribers she's YouTube
world he she's always has been show as
will be
you say it's relevant relevant like
Shane you know they just have stayed
relevant for ten over ten years it's
amazing like it's but not only relevant
but like killing it like I've never like
I feel like I do well on YouTube but I
don't I've never killed it like Jenna
and Shana like they get like you know
seven million views like per video you
know named me and sometimes 100 million
views like they they truly do kill it so
one I like respect her so much - Jenna's
always been so sweet to me so I never
vlog but back in the day I want to say
that I even was just starting become
friends with Shane maybe like a year
into our friendship you know I want to
say like Jenna Julie and just started
hating maybe but this was way back when
and we went on like a party bus with
Jenna and all them and Jenna was so
freaking sweet to me like I talked about
this a long time ago to vlog but I ended
up throwing up at her house because I
got drunk and this was like my I think
its first time we met and I got drunk
and she was like holding my hair I
remember I was like puking on my my
shirt she like changed me into her like
I think I still have them I never gave
him back her Boston like University
sweats and stuff like that to go home in
and Shane and I took an uber home
but she was so sweet and so kind and I
just remember while I was puking as like
so embarrassed because oh no no it's
okay baby like she was so sweet I mean
Wiseman was picking out my flower pick
anyways she's always been super cool and
super sweet to me and like this is
really cool like I don't know here her I
this is like me reacting but like it's
cool you guys I don't know like she's
right for a very long time people didn't
like me even when I started first start
becoming friends with Shane and Shane is
at this a long time ago you know he's
like a lot of people you know you troll
a lot a lot of people don't get you
I feel like feel I feel like a lot of
people still don't get me but more and
more getting me a little more but here's
the thing I love it they're getting me
more but I also like you know I still
like when people are like we what's
wrong with this girl it's fun for me I
don't know I have a weird there was a
Netflix documentary - all about called
um I talked a lot about it's called uh
is it Jim and Andy um and it's about
Andy Kaufman who I love because no I
love him and it's the reason I started
like trolling on YouTube because I
thought it was like very Andy Kaufman
he's always gonna be an inspiration I
like that he always kept people guessing
even in his real life I feel like even
my real life people are like I'm
confused and sometimes I get confused
too but anyways and then Jim was kind of
like that's you on the set of me on
women playing Andy Kaufman he was kind
of like messing with people and people
were like confused and even he said he
said I'm confused he was I don't want to
play that character anymore I don't want
to play that person anymore cuz he was
like so involved anyways long story
short it's like yes I feel like I do
trolls I feel like it's more for my
entertainment than anything and if
people get what I'm doing cool if not
cool but oh this is so sweet I just I
always love Jenna I had such a crush on
her
like I remember that first day we met
it's such a crush on her I was like I
want I had to get wasted cuz I was
really nervous to meet her and then like
when I was drunk I was just like
standing but like I feel like she's gone
full-blown like even less Lux which I
didn't know was even possible and I feel
like people are starting to actually
appreciate her we've just been really
wonderful to see you know what I mean so
I will link below the whole podcast and
she talks more I just I love her and I
love Julian people are always they've
always been super sweet you know it is
kind of funny there are some youtubers
that used to hate me
very few hate him either but there was a
few that they talked pretty nasty about
me and then when I did somebody Big
Brother I didn't know this but I was
told when I came out that like some of
them were tweeting like yes we love like
love her and I was like but I will say
like it was only a handful people that
like genuinely hey I think a lot of
people were just confused or maybe
scared and I feel like people still kind
of are like scared and like tripped out
but like I said Jenna has always been
one who's been like so sweet and like
didn't care and Shane - I feel like cuz
they're so real in their videos I feel
like they just don't care as opposed to
some people on YouTube who just try and
and this is not bad but try and be brand
friendly and try and only post content
that shows them in a good light or
doesn't show them you know no meme and
when she said you know Chara was caring
less and less it's like I think that's
also just with age I've always kind of
cared less look you guys know I can be
insecure and I read Thomas it's like
that but I've always like not really
cared because I just want to have fun
in my life and it's like like what's the
I just I just I guess for me it's not
even like a concept you're like oh how
are you so confident how do you just not
care it's not even like I know what to
say to that it's a it's just like I just
want to live my life and have fun and
like I've lived my whole life of just I
guess caring but also not caring like I
like when I when I show up to Comic Cons
in costume you know and also more
costume where I work hast names to
school or did my hair crazy it's like I
just want to have fun and live my life
and make myself happy and entertain
myself and it's really cool to hear this
and as 2017 is coming to an end
like it's been a rough year for sure it
started out kind of rough ups and downs
every Big Brother I think I'm gonna do a
20-17 year and recap on my main channel
it's been a lot of ups and downs but I'm
so excited for 2018 I am so excited
about YouTube video ideas I have YouTube
collabs I'm doing one was Shane that
we've been talking about and I cannot
wait I like a cool one like an epic one
because his channel has like like Jenna
was saying in this podcast I did show
part but she was saying you know he's
reinvented himself so major the kind of
content he puts out now is so Pro it's
like watching a reality show and a lot
of people's you know like the Paul
brothers like you know the Paul brothers
do that they have like someone filming
them around but because Shane is so like
I'm not saying they're not talented but
Shane is so talented and creative like
here's here's what I always think -
you're like this may sound kind of
conceited but like I want to do more of
that because it's like I have I have I
think I have great ideas creative ideas
that are just take a lot of time and
planning to execute but seeing Shane
like execute these ideas and showing
like how creative and funny he is it's
like I need to do more of that and I
actually had some planned for this month
I just ended up eating really sick and I
just needed a little more time so all
the costumes and stuff are done and I
have the people in place I just had to
reschedule so that's coming in January
I'm traveling a lot in January she and I
think are doing our video thing in
January I just I don't know like I'm
excited like 2017 is ending really good
I like I said in another vlog I had
really good friends right now and I'm
happy just I'm just happy so I hope 2018
is just as amazing look 2017 Jenna's
right like it was a good year for me all
in all I think back likes every brother
even though I'm a crazy bitch and ended
in the kind of a shit show because of me
it was a really cool experience like
that doesn't seem real that doesn't seem
like a thing I actually did but it's
cool that I got to be on it and that
they chose me to be on it and I should
have appreciated it more like ever a lot
of things I do in life like I should
appreciate things more in the moment I
love the best get to me so I am a very
like codependent person I need emotional
support and because in that house I was
alone and I didn't have emotional
support I crumble like a little baby
like I need to be babied and I just
crumbled that's it
anyways but it was a cool experience and
like it's one I'll always cherish and
like yes I walked off and maybe it was
shameful whatever but it gave me an
experience and I'm thankful for that and
everything in life I'm thankful for so
anyways I'm gonna film some stuff today
but I just need to it's nice just
relaxing about it's only it so I'm
telling you I'm gonna love it
hey guys so I thought today's vlog and
I'm assigning socks in here I'm sorry
she's wearing makeup it's literally the
worst I have to cover this holes it up
because I'm so surprised because I
thought he was going back to Boston even
back maybe tomorrow or tonight so we're
digging out my lucky yes I can't so it's
okay so I'm gonna do the makeup I think
it's gonna heavy lurcher only have like
a but what is missing is my fancy
foundation genuine quickly okay so to
make a big to New York with me and I you
still can't find it and I have to be
packing for a trip soon so whatever it's
okay I got more makeup I also get her
makeup hours on annoyed
that make it wet so um new media Kat Von
D these were for my tan days in the Big
Brother house you can see the label is
still some mad about my fancy I love my
Fendi foundation this is so easy to put
on us why I love the Kat Von D is like
the easiest here out of the packaging so
definitely got a comfortable perfect
done I love having my tape and
extensions back because now when like
people do what I like to hang out I like
more like ants hang out as a post like
before I'm like no I don't have my hair
done
so it's kind of nice I can just throw it
back at night and I kind of wake up with
it does it done you know
if you have seen literally the worst
lighting
the number one key I see with all makeup
artists and the way they do I scare me
obviously they're really gonna like
contouring and stuff and I'm really not
but they just layer on makeup like they
just kick it on and that has a secret to
having flawless skin
someone actually complimented me who
wasn't like your skin's really nice I
feel like hold it makeup so I think for
me in my everyday life when I do my own
makeup it's just to put a lot more on
there normally would have I want to make
up though it's like a miracle
cover all your blemishes your
imperfections
this looks really good I've got the Kat
Von D foundation covers
really like bus crazy my house I can't
get it oh honey it's can't wait
Christmas is literally a few days away
what is happening it's crazy I have to
book the trip I'm so last-minute just
look at the trip the problem is it's not
the nervous to use my card when we go
out because every time I like use make
hard and like do a big purchase I get
stopped seeing it which is good cause
it's like fraudulent protection but it's
also like wait check powder okay
so I've actually been loving house I
ever contoured these are caring I should
have been kind of loving these offending
beauty contour sticks
I think you so much I think I do way
more than I'm supposed to but I kind of
love them mask and stick I think this is
what I used for concealer underneath my
eyes I don't kind of matches right now
cause I'm so tan but that's okay hmm I
think this is like my highlight I don't
know I'm like I'm so bad with makeup I
literally kind of just pretend like I
know what I'm doing all the time okay
they use one of these to run out I just
can't remember was this it when I use
the same brush brush to blend everything
out I love you're supposed to do
I'm like literally the worst I don't
know how I got words that make up over
the years but it's not Akhil I feel like
a does give definition to my face if you
literally can't see any of this I'm
gonna trying to get better at my own
makeup and kind of watch like tutorials
and stuff but I don't know any owners of
patience I'm glad they do have us out
their tutorials cuz it doesn't get a lot
easier
does anyone else ever get really excited
their makeup and then they check - I
never wake up in there like this is not
fun I immediately regret putting this on
and then like halfway through just over
the blending and you're like you know
what final spot brown brown lines on my
forehead today no big deal I don't break
my eyes no I think I'm good I think I'm
good I can set them a little my I'm so
cheap my next palette I like just I
don't even know if I make the flesh we
bomb now it's kind of like whatever I'm
trying to get it more until I buy cute
makeup so I'm like excited to do where
they go this I'm going for more a
natural look today with my eyes cuz I've
been doing kind of heavy eyes lately I
know that eyelash is going down
ah there we go I know I have to pick go
in with awesome light the place enjoy
backups always so what I don't
understand I just watched mine in here I
don't even do anything crazy and yet
it's always that do you need to go in
with a bronzer after you've done
contouring are you so soon at all -
everyone is cringing right now I'm sorry
I'm just using a tool of benefit now I'm
using the dandelion blush I just feel
like skin is such a big part of the
makeup oh oh you know I can even powder
my forehead you watch would make of
brushes - I just did but I need to wash
them yet again so I think now I'm just
gonna powder my the parts it did not
that's good I guess
my whole face no what should you some
brow you weirdo when it comes to browser
I don't love filled in brows I know a
lot is like wow your brows your brows so
maybe I'll fill them
it really that kind of adds to the
finished look if you do some brows cute
wait this one that's like ready to come
up it keeps going down or not I guess we
look back up constantly eyelashes Amman
the struggle is real
together with my brows away this new Mac
highlights you learn to try out don't
like the holiday fun opportunities to
brush up the flag is horse and literally
just came with his highlight but it's so
pretty
what's the shoutout it's worth it
I always packaging boys
he's like a feline seven
are we seeing this they're like light
why can't I see this shower it up you
know the gold tinsel pretty this eyelash
it keeps falling should I just pull it
Tina doesn't need to be pulled it's just
just coming down if we go down we go
down together
oh here I see a really balm lip combo I
invented it why didn't bang five
I'll hit this is fantasy
it's like literally stuck and it will
just keep popping down okay so this is
strip down and I'm Larry let's throw it
out and I card to a thick line but it's
her dark
here
and I kind of overlined even though I
get love injections I just like really
very close
I'm gonna fill in the middle cuz I don't
like that look of the rally's very
Pamela Anderson I think
so I had to just do whatever I think is
like a little is like giving the shape
you want to your lips and then I bought
this with packaging but it's obviously
the prettiest color just by Marc Jacobs
it's called perfect and I isn't this
it's super creamy I kind of just have
over a little I'm gonna have a glass on
Sierra's like how gorgeous you guys
nothing in life but this lighting is
terrible is that color not just like
absolutely stunning see what a different
sliding mix just need good natural
lighting all the time and actually
looking at it in the natural light I did
not hear caption below this one there's
a really pretty gloss in my purse that
if I do look awesome I think I'm gonna
use that I'm in here a little tape it's
aren't just great you get it styled
especially good that we g'wan you need
to see if your hair shot once and where
that cider for like OB before having to
go wash your hair it's amazing I've
everything
ah this hair is just like Christmas once
again the lighting sucks I can't really
see the beauty of the tinsel
I don't think pictures or even natural
daylight shows the beauty of this tinsel
in person I think it just looks so cool
I like and get really happy and it's
attached to my tape and which is cool
because when I take the tape and out I
can reuse them and the glitter thing
will still be attached to it really
really cool so much uh beautiful a lot
of people have been asking me on
instruments of my hair and Twitter
the tapings I'm wearing is like your
hair looks so but you guys these are
Bellamy
they are amazing I'm not just saying
that when it comes to like hair and
stuff I would never like just go to the
company because oh they hooked me up or
whatever it no like I generally have
paid for this hair before it's like just
really good quality it always was good
quality and I really have but this new
hair the new tip is to use the new hair
for them is honestly it's so amazing
I like okay just like I can't get enough
I think it's so pretty
hahaha
and then that in so you just brush with
your hair oh so pretty yeah I can't I
don't think you were winter wonderland
reanalysis so cute just kind of
smoothing over cuz I like a little way
that still in my hair
Oh and he can flatter iron over onto
which I never knew I heard much until
years ago and it was like not a big
thing it's not a big thing yet but the
guy who did him he was like we were both
saying like how could we think they're
gonna be big in 2018 I think the more
people aware I'm gonna see how easy they
are to wear and I like much they I like
to your hair it's like just really
really cute
all right guys almost quick kind of get
ready with me we're gonna go hang out at
the Grove for a little bit I'm very
excited huh I thought we might use the
prey legging to show the full effect of
this look yeah this my dress is just for
fashion over I put some tights on
because it's just really short oh my god
I'm really obsessed with this lighting
it's so pretty I would do another cover
maybe one day that March I'll be in
Kmart this merch yeah we saw a Jake Paul
calendar at the mall the other day stop
it yeah I was like wow good for him
oh my god that's gonna be you in the
calendar wait you really have a tattoo
on your lip yeah
why would you do that it was for a gag
you didn't ask you for a gag if you
don't want to like what section for a
gag liposuction you actually look sexy
now your penis in your mouth
I couldn't even make out what can you
see it so that's what people are for
girls are gonna think up when I make out
with your mother's a penis in there no
they'll appreciate that I went all the
way for the comedy bit I would never I
appreciate that I'm a youtuber I'd be
like you're just you ready but we love
you're just stupid
me thank you that's that confidence
you're talking about we love how she
says that we love all the time and it's
like who the fuck is we must you and
when she said she's multiple personality
and I said okay then now it makes sense
and then you said you're like you told
me you weren't crazy as it to a believe
that I wasn't crazy yeah yeah you said
you weren't crazy right and then you
then you told me you had multiple
personality disorder doesn't mean you're
crazy to meet your mother personalities
why are you just means you have a lot of
friends yeah you know fun that is it's
pretty fun I get I mean I wouldn't know
but I mean I am
I'm bipolar if that makes you who you
are yo have you ever been on the
collision or anything I want to
medication now I until diagnosed with
bipolar borderline personality disorder
schizophrenia and lost person order like
the whole time my life since you were a
kid yeah since I was like 14 those are
like the four things I've been diagnosed
with and I honestly - they all
counteract each other so they're all
full of shit like their prison
psychiatrist are all bullshit because
they don't make sense you can't be all
of those you literally can't be on both
of those and be like a functioning human
being I told everyone about this yeah
all the time
I'm open book that's pretty cool they're
here an open book you guys are here you
guys are very lucky that you get her
every day because there is not a lot of
people who will tell you everything that
gives any I love telling everybody
everything because you know why I like
that there's no one can hold anything
against you you think I got this on
Trish we're like new you like I'm gonna
leak your news I'm like bitch I like my
news or like a second who's like
everyone like our sex tape unless you
get rose I'm like please leak it maybe
I'm even more famous way I would love it
one got leaked I was so excited I was
like oh now look at the body language
right now you literally look so
uncomfortable yet again getting turned
on by Jon Snow over here you could turn
on by everything no by my Kmart lingerie
you got turned on by it
no I didn't we did not liar
but the people in the comments yeah - a
bus for real oh it's me constantly
fetchick you me wasn't that dude I like
but then they said you know what I think
Jason's cracking Trish keep going at
first people thought I was crazy
I'm definitely cracking really yeah
really yeah that my brain is cracking we
just want to have a lot why just wanted
to vlog because I don't think I can do
anything day the beanie and my blog was
like it's gonna be boring blogging this
is over I have nothing you'll have to do
for the year and look who came by daddy
Jason you're so cute you are like no I
guess it's a complement all taken well
you are a daddy your kids call you daddy
you said day yeah I twist up like kids
I'm gonna be your kids ooh I'm gonna
howl you daddy isn't it kind of sexual
way it's like - Jason
I'll have to start bringing you gifts
really like that yeah you love this
these are good
one out of eight is good
sexy time entertainer I have to go be in
a music video for Scott and dressed as
Santa I'm gonna come back and rest a
Santa for me
sure okay I want to come here she's
private snapchats yes you want to see oh
my gosh it's so funny so like I'm
getting ready to do an eating show so
like I was trying to find like close to
her I was gonna like touch up my makeup
and I was like yeah just don't need to
touch up my makeup but so funny cuz I
listen I've literally listened to
Jason's Jason and David's podcast like I
really listen since I met Jason and I
love the podcast so I was well first of
all my heart kinda dropped a little bit
because like you've been seeing any
woman and I was like oh my god he has
and he hasn't told me I like just paid
us and that's like okay that's really
saying but here's the thing people who
are on my picture are like super cool we
chat it's girls guys the gay guys like
we like chat we have fun whatever but
even in real life and everyone's like
supportive of it and even in real life
people think it's like super quick this
way like a lot of people like to show
you just say whatever and you say
everything I just own it because if you
can own something whether that's like
your insecurity whatever you do just own
it like I love look here's the thing I
love being naked
in fact I wish I could be more naked I
wish that I could do more like on my
videos on patrons like that like I would
do the most because I think it's fun I
don't I wouldn't know porn porn is like
a totally different thing when you're
trying to do something to like turn
someone on what I'm just trying to do is
just live my best life of being a naked
bitch I don't like wearing clothes I
like to be sexual I think it's fun I
think it's funny
I think it's like I love like I'm about
to film one now after my main channel
any show of just me eating chips and ice
cream completely make it like I just
think it's fun it's not to turn people
on I'm just gonna have a chitchat like
we're gonna move on godly nigga doing it
I think it's just fun it's uncensored
it's a bra it's unfiltered like I don't
know actually really but it gets you
imagine I was dying I was dying there
I haven't even finished listening to it
yet but I love you guys I love Jason
that's just I said it he's super sweet
and like now that I'm at all his friends
just it's so cool because like like I
like I said I watch a lot of youtubers
so like when I ever even like people I
do hang out with like Joey and Shane and
you know cooling and people like I
already know like I am fans of em like I
get really excited for them and I watch
their videos and like when I hang out
then I'm like oh my god it's cool like
um but now that I got to meet like
Jason's friends inside like that like
they're all super cool I'm super awesome
like you know I I truly love them so a
lot of you guys do you seem happier and
stuff like that
I actually just like meeting people who
get me and understand me and don't judge
me which is like the coolest and coolest
and hardest thing to find is people who
just don't judge you so that's something
I'm a pretty open book I'll like go up
to people and be like yeah I have a
private snapchat like I feel like
because if I did it low-key if I was
like low-key about like all of a sudden
I'm like doing nude videos and nude
photos if you might be like you know
talk my back like oh like just like
trash or Trish says must be hard up for
money it's like no I just like I like
making money and I like being naked and
like it's someone else's into that tube
well like watch me be naked or not like
I don't care you don't even I just want
to do it all so like I said in real life
I'd rather just tell everybody and have
it all out there so no one can like use
it against me not that they what I'm
just saying people in general been like
oh wow she you know what a little story
time I also a drama story time that I'm
gonna be putting on my patreon I'm gonna
film that day as well it's some like
scary ass drama but I just want every
YouTube my YouTube channels to be drama
free so that dramas gonna be on there to
look throughout later tonight along with
my naked eating chips and they keep
playing with my bb-8 of it oh these two
girls okay I won't say I won't give
specifics but I got a new car obviously
we know this and I drove it and I hung
out with a friend of mine and he
introduced me to a bunch of his other
friends not youtubers they're definitely
not youtubers and some of us time at my
car anyways the girls like whoa okay
there was a girl there was his girls and
I'll just put that way anyways he saw
the car and they're like yeah too much
has to be a porn star to get that and I
was like first of all I was a porn star
I would totally own it I would have sure
to say I should get a shirt that says
porn star like that's freaking cool I
think porn stars are cool if I had the
balls to do it I probably would do porn
I would
just weird personally for me like I love
being naked and stuff but like I just
would feel weird having me out there in
a sex tape like I probably would like I
was joke I would do it but I probably
would feel weird and definitely not like
a porn star I could just like just do it
all the time me like a lead to sex tape
or something but someone I know but
anyways um and then I was like so I was
like first of all fuck you but then I
was just like also like okay don't be
hater like I'm naked whatever they sorry
you're not like sorry you're not
comfortable as your body or your
femininity or who you are it's just it's
just uh naked body like it's just naked
body like I I think nudity is beautiful
I think everybody's beautiful I think
seriously I do I look at everybody's
body and I'd like fine
I find thick girls really sexy I find
little tiny girls this baby - girls very
skinny on Twitter and I think she's
super sexy I love yeah I love that
girl's like I will look at a thick girl
like I file fashion of a curve and I
like to rule over them like I love thick
girls guys - like tall short skinny like
I don't care I see I'd truly find
everyone sexy because you know the even
fighting is a sexy thing but anyway I
was really funny
thanks for the shout out podcast on
views know they're really sweet David so
sweet I should have logged this
yesterday he um he had those festivals
like the crust balls like they're called
I didn't know what they were they were
like cold peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches that you can get at the
grocery store like pre mate he's like
try I don't really like jelly sandwich
like jelly I like peanut butter but I
only peanut butter jelly so I tried it
and I was like so gross but he was so
sweet it wasn't like I can't read
anything he won't try this one you enjoy
this one kid all these little snacks and
as I think he's just so he's so sweet
like you watched the vlogs or like you
listened to their stories or whatever
and you're like oh my god he seems like
so intense but he's honestly so sweet
and so awesome and I don't know they're
cool squat they they just they're a lot
of fun everyone's like very young before
they're obviously jasonlew me but like
everyone is really they have all young
energy over there even Jason likes all
very young and a lot happening and it's
a lot for me to take him because I'm so
used to one on one with all my friends
so like whenever I'm like in a group of
more than like three people are like
overwhelms me but like in a good way and
I like pushes me I'm Ray's Chum anyways
I'm about to do eating show and then a
naked eating show so I'm sitting here in
my Kmart undies
and that daddy didn't love me I did like
clickbait Christmas she does
over-the-top because his from Shan snap
we should show her the Christmas music
videos you by Tricia I love Teresa just
feeling this I so love lately I don't
know what it is I used to be so hated
shame exceptions changed and his mom and
family and friends and so far always a
production as he always looked out for
me but like even that I was just like so
much lately I love Teresa - she has
always been so sweet to me I love
watching her and trains videos like I
love I love her and so that made me cry
I was like oh my god I'm just getting so
much love it's so nice to feel I feel
like for so long people like hated me
and delight me it's so nice to get like
oh I just I liked it so I even told
Shane that says that every time Rylan
mentions me in like a video like feel
much of me like Rylan will cut to my
video this is what I'm saying like fans
and my friends like I'm truly a fan and
they like the ink runs you know I don't
know maybe not all youtubers you're that
way but this way but like I feel like no
one watches me I like I mean I meet
people it's like whoa I'm like oh my god
it's so weird people watch me but like
that's only because like I feel like
truly nobody watches me so I'm really
happy I was like sorry for stealing the
snaps I always hate when people record
snaps oh that was so sweet and I had a
documentary like oh my god I love
snapchat follow me I'm a public one
Trish on YT okay now it is time to take
off the makeup that I put on earlier
which I love it's very well first week
and I'm always falling behind I like to
have like the following day ready and so
I had to film some stuff for my main
channel I filmed so much my patreon so
excited and then tomorrow my hair done
so I'm gonna have a new surgeon some
videos trade film eventually is before I
go I don't want to stop too far anything
else I like everything to be relevant
and current which I actually think is
helping my channel is cuz I used to pre
film I don't know for like two years
they still do ten videos in like one day
and do it like every couple weeks but
you know the concept wasn't fresh even
though it was fresh to like the people
watching I can did it feel fresh to me
so I wasn't excited about it so what
content that feels fresh to me that
feels good to me and relevant to me in
the moment you know I mean I've been
answering my private snapchat
once again it's a to reiterate is
there's a lot of new people joining the
private snap well lately I don't know
the surgeons or the interest but thank
you if you join this month we have to
wait to live first and a fifth to verify
payment and then that's when your mother
starts loving like oh you're not adding
me and your month will start once it's
all verified even funny I shot launch
day so sorry to sound like a broken
record but I was feel like every time we
need to reiterate that or not every time
but a lot of times but we send messages
and say like hey you're gonna be added
you know
the following month which will always be
lychee but I was having fun on it today
trying to keep you guys on there so
really I'm really playing around
I'll call that's awful anyways I have
someone editing I already now responded
you guys on snap and yeah see how it
goes
when they're Jason boyfriend of Sony oh
look at my house name this really
awesome blemish love that
oh my batter it's about to die wonderful
oh what a day
dad would you date me if I am I always
had this up my face and you never want
to wait it's are just so gross
they're so gross okay I mean only moms
well if you would date me with the head
that said on my face 24 hours a day and
are also would you date me if I only
wore my Jason Momoa shirt uh I am dating
is so complicated as an app it's
complicated and wonderful sometimes you
just get so frustrated I get frustrated
cuz I want to like get Marin how baby
it's a lot people would be like I don't
want to date me as I know I'm a
complicated bitch but people put up with
me I'm a difficult one y'all a difficult
one when it comes to dating I'm crazy
I'm loud I talk way too much
mm something would add in the morning
but I'm gonna go up to bed I think for
now I'm so exhausted we did my hair
colored in the morning even though I
don't like desperately need it I'm gonna
be gone for vacation so I thought I'd
get it done and out of the way tomorrow
but I love you guys so much catching up
with vlogmas gosh there's only there's
only what like three two to three days
left of vlogmas oh it was a what rhyme
I'm gonna try and keep up I don't know
why I'm stuttering so much I'm gonna try
and keep up like I said in the new year
Monday through Friday blogging so we'll
see how that works out but I might take
a little break after Christmas well so
we vlogging cuz I love filming just
added in constantly as I'm putting them
up every single day is a lot definitely
no life you got squeezed in the sex
where you can so it's like I'm so tired
I couldn't even like open my legs right
now
I love guys I'll see you soon here we
kiss you smile baby she's my guy
