oh my gosh okay I'm not vlog at all
today it's again because I'm still and
my same pajamas that I've been in
tomorrow I'm actually gonna like get
rowdy and like film and they do stuff
but I have been just so lazy just I
always everyone do music videos I love
doing them but I always like afterwards
cooperate so I'm separating today
there's not a whole lot to say other
than I have to pee right now just you
probably pee because I feel like I feel
like I might rant for a minute okay hold
on repeat okay I have relieved myself um
and I feel better okay no that was gonna
run a ramp I had a couple things to just
talk about quickly which is kind of
crazy cuz like again I wasn't really
planning on blogging today I'll take a
day off because I am keeping up with a
vlogmas but I'm like most people who do
clog missed I I don't post like
yesterday today but I am like within
like 2 or 3 days so it's not like too
far behind
um but the point of that was is I can
take a day off but if I need to or want
to or I'm just not doing anything like
there was today but that's ok some ended
up vlogging anyways um ok but oh my gosh
more drama so I believe this morning and
my Twitter account was suspended um
what has happen with Instagram - and
like usually my network which is awesome
this is why YouTube networks are awesome
they can pretty much take care of you
know stuff like this like pretty quickly
because they have contacts over at the
social medias you know so it's quicker
than just someone just reporting it
themselves like they can usually they
contact a real human being and get taken
care of so um as of now it's still I'm
you know manager over there just was
like hey we're working on it and
whatever it'll be fine we gotta be up
back so I'm not really worried about
that
but of all days I was getting tweets
with my the guy I was seeing for a while
name in it and it was I could mention so
it's like did he get another his Twitter
back cause it's like the same profile
the same like picture the same whatever
I was like hey maybe he just thought
enough time has passed like get back on
Twitter like not a big deal I didn't
really care it was private anyway so
it's like not that I could see me but
people were like at mentioning me in
response to something you tweeted but I
couldn't see it I was just like what is
happening like what is he saying I was
it was frustrating the assertion I'm
like I'm not gonna I want to create any
more drama I don't want to cause any
more of a stir plus my account was
suspended so I couldn't anyways um and I
really didn't want to reach out to him
because I
talk to him out saying charge the
battery pack okay cool awesome
of course my my grade a blog Oh should I
just go change it
I'll just go change it honestly um is
nobody jealous sorry I had a P and then
I had to change ur battery but there's a
fun story a good story happy story after
this but it was um ok so yeah anyways
also what's happening like people are at
munching me and at like it kind of seems
out of character for him to talk about
me on Twitter it seemed a lot of odd
care to add a character but um
anyways I was just like I'm not gonna
worry about it and I guess I'm like
bitch what it was as soon as I could do
anything about it anyways I don't want
to talk to him because we don't really
we don't don't talk I should say we
don't really we don't talk so I just let
it go like not be Jeff Winger might win
her back
it was just whatever it's like three or
four people that were like treating me
kind of like his like hardcore like
fangirls I guess you could say um but um
anyways so I just wasn't whatever now
with your house the spiders you can
still see your @mention so all of a
sudden I saw his like Twitter profile
popping of my hat mentions and I was
like what that and someone says
something like oh her Twitter account
was suspended same day coincidence I
think not and he responded and I think
as you have anything do with her Twitter
account being suspended so I'm like wow
that kind of sounds like him so I was
like okay like I was it was driving me
nuts especially because day I wasn't
doing anything so I'm like really like
feeding into this away more than I
should have but I was like oh my gosh so
annoying so then I saw he was tweeting
keemstar which is the guy who does
dramaalert and he did this whole thing
about it whatever saying he wanted to
interview which I thought was kind of
weird I was like so I definitely was
suspicious I definitely was like okay
this doesn't seem like real and then it
was like the dead giveaway when he
started being like Trish is gonna get
exposed tomorrow she cheese out on me I
was like okay well one even if that was
true he would not be like airing this
out cuz she's just not that kind of
person into it's like not true obviously
that would be like a weird thing to make
up and it would just add fuel to the
fire that's already dead and out I was
like mmm
this isn't seem real it's very odd that
someone would create this account and
like start this drum it's really weird I
don't really get it but uh anyways I
didn't I ended up snapchatting then I
was like it's fake like I just I could
just tell from
like the way that his tweets were he was
like I'm gonna do a video to prove its
me and like wait why do I have to prove
it to me and like just like stuff you
would never do even when he did have a
Twitter I was like okay so anyways I
just I would but then like it would go
back and forth like he's like I'm doing
an interview tomorrow John I was just
like wait is this realizes but I don't
even get it like is he on drugs right
now what that so I just like bit the
bullet and just like contacted him just
not anything other than like is this
real like just making him aware of it
and then it was confirmed that it wasn't
and that was it that was the extent of
our communication and that's fine by me
and but I just it was distracting me not
so I was just like wait is this real is
this not I'd ever felt like it was a lot
so um it's not real he's not on Twitter
and also like you know what my heart was
really broken and the way I found out
and the way he responded to what I found
out and other things I found out after
just sent me into this like whirlwind of
like depression and sadness and hurt and
so all the videos that came out about it
after was out of hurtness and sadness
and you know I'm not hurting anymore I'm
not heartbroken I think I'm more sad
that it's over um well you know what I
thought I had was over that's a set more
sad because it's like you know he was
huge for my life or you know it was a
lot might be major happiness to me so
it's it was it's sad to me still that we
don't that it's not what I thought it
was but relationships and that's just
life so I don't I honestly have no like
animosity or ill-will towards him at all
and he's doing it show on Broadway which
i think is really cool and I'm really
like proud of him and like that's you
know a huge thing and I know he he
wanted to be working back in theaters so
I'm really happy for him I'm gonna kinda
get emotional you know and that's
obviously where I think he thrives to by
so I'm glad he's going back to the East
Coast and getting to work and I'm it's
really got wow it's sad I like never
talk about this but um I'm happy for I
am in all that stuff and I have no um
nothing bad and um you know
anyways I don't need to get into all of
it but I just um I did a lot of things I
set myself up for her and the
relationship to and um stuff that I
overlooked and things like that so I
wasn't like perfect at all in any of
that but it's not a big deal it's not it
is it is what it is and um anyways it's
he's not on Twitter and he's not on
social media and I don't think he's
probably planning on being on it for a
while but yeah I have an another
brighter note but also I'm actually
seeing hanging out with this new guy
well he's not new I actually known him
and we worked together before and I'm
having a lot of fun with that person so
I'm I'm moving on and I'm keeping busy
I'm doing new music and that's you know
being busy doing my music videos and
just like sorry this thing is like so
weird it's so big or something
um it's keeping me busy and that's good
it's gonna be busy and like I like I
said I write after a breakup I
constantly think about the person all
the time and just wonder what they're
doing and I'm at that stage now where
it's like I don't need to know every
minute what he's doing um you know up
until today with this thing I hadn't
even really checked in on anything that
he was you know up to or anything but um
which is good cuz it's not good to like
obsess over something that's not in your
life anymore but I'm at this age now
where I'm not like constantly thinking
about him what he's doing and has him
done and I look at enough um which is a
good thing to not constantly be thinking
about someone all the time was I was for
awhile and I think it was like getting
the best of me but now that I'm busy and
looking forward to things in the future
a lot of big things coming up it's all
good and that's a good thing and this
new person I'm seeing you really really
like and like I said I've known Oh for
about a year a little over a year now
and like that's good I'm happy we're
hanging out like nothing serious but I'm
happy we're hanging out and it's just
it's giving me a chance to kinda like
move forward I guess um yeah and like I
said I wish nothing but the best to the
guy that I
to address today's near-match are just
you know I hope he finds happiness and
you know does amazing things and he's
always done amazing things and um and
he's I'd like about this cut okay on to
the next um the other thing that
apparently cried in a good way
Shannon Rose here on YouTube snapped and
actually just saw her Instagram of her
mmm
her and Travis for him and Mary Trisha
shirts I don't know if it's because I'm
about to get my period I'm being very
emotional but like everything's been
making me cry but there's my the shirts
on their Instagram I love it in red by
the way and I think it's so cute because
one thing she bought those um actually
she had mentioned she was gonna get them
and I she was gonna send to her I
totally just I was I've been so busy
this month and I was gonna send to her
but um she just bought those herself
which was like so nice and girl if
you're watching like I totally wasn't it
to you but I just I got really emotional
because like well the caption was very
sweet and she put my Spreadshirt and
stuff on there but when people in the
same field can support other people like
when girls support girls youtubers
support youtubers and friends supporting
friends really it means so much and it
makes me heart so happy because they
feel like there's so much competition
and not even competition but just people
waiting for other people to fail or
trying to bring other people down and
it's such that's so negative see me in
it like it makes me feel so much anxiety
when people trying do that to each other
and um it just made me so happy that's
like someone trying to like just lift
someone up just or promote someone or
just like selflessly do something for
someone else we had her our friends and
I love her so much but you know she you
know she's she just goes up above and
beyond and her husband wearing it too
was the cutest thing and you know I
didn't him when they were in LA last
time and he's so unbelievably kind and
sweet and funny in person and Shannon is
too and I have always loved her but you
just you never know what you're gonna
meet on the other side you watch their
vlogs and you're just like I don't know
like what they're gonna be like and he's
they're just like their vlogs both of
them they're just so sweet and wonderful
and then wearing my Tricia shirts was so
sweet and just it really it really
touched my heart and same goes for when
you guys wear my merch oh my gosh
every time I get a picture of someone
wearing my shirts or my phone cases or
something it like it makes my heart so
happy because it's like it's just this
extra mile I guess you could save
support that it's like wow this is
really cool I just really MC it my file
is so big it's a cesspit and this is
authentic honor percent because I think
YouTube was it's so different than maybe
mainstream entertainers or performers
like actors and thinkers because
youtubers are just people right we're
not back I mean I'm not any other things
because I'm not backed by like major
companies and brands and management's
and agents not it's like that like I'm
just a person I'm literally just a
person and so to have this support from
people is very cool and surreal is the
best word for it's very surreal it's
very awesome though I think that goes to
show like whatever you think it
manifests like I always think I'm going
to you know be someone someday I'm gonna
be someone that someone talks about one
day I'm gonna make a difference in this
world people are gonna know my name and
where my shirts and I think it just
manifests because there's nothing I do
exceptionally well or awesome but people
are just I guess supporting me trying
doing my best try to make things happen
with my music and videos and whatever
else I'm trying to do you guys are just
awesome and supportive and it makes me
really happy and I feel really blessed
and like it's really surreal I I don't
know how else to explain it I mean I'm
sure a lot I know a lot of you guys
actually do YouTube's yourself YouTube
videos yourself and so it's it's you
know any amount whether there's a
thousand subscribers I think what that
even a thousand subscribers that's
pretty epic when you think about a
thousand people that you probably don't
know are watching you and Treeing into
you and like invested in you I think
that's really cool now think about out
of scale alike like me I have two
million that's crazy
even if not to ultimately and watch
there's been two million people in this
world I have chose to hit the subscribe
button on my channel and I think that's
kind of epic and kind of crazy when you
think about it and I'm just I'm just
blast today was a little bit of a hard
day it was kind of just a weird day I
think again cuz I haven't she's like I
haven't showered I haven't change my
pajamas
crap like like it's kind of just a lot
of other things that are kind of just
like a little bit stress-related but not
too bad I don't know it's just a lot
happening but I've been emotional too as
you guys can tell I don't even know but
I'm actually watching the screen Queens
finale it was actually like a week ago I
think I don't know it's kind of like
maybe was this past Tuesday um but for
some reason that's kind of slow to me or
maybe I don't know mood just not as
invested in it I wasn't post I once
watched cuz it's taking me like three
nights now trying to finish this finale
it's two hours so anyway something about
getting red sparkling meals about
holidays second I got bigger I told you
that there's no giant iPad pro I don't
know if I showed you guys this thing is
awesome it's like the biggest iPad pro
you'll ever see and I love it so much
well no it's not the biggest iPad pro
it's the biggest iPad ever and I think
it's um I think it's so awesome and I
love it um it's just one of my favorite
toys the plan would have been really
lazy and just like playing with it in my
bed which is like watching Netflix and
shelling on it by myself but or not by
myself baby hmm but yeah I have a brush
my teeth oh my god this is so
embarrassing
I'm gonna show you guys something I wish
a is him this embarrassing
look at that right there my colleague
RINO bottles and like the little W
wrapper to my little W all in a popcorn
bowl I've been so lazy I have been so so
lazy I haven't even like taking my trash
upstairs like mmm really fresh
yeah and Jeff and I post made it some
Burger King not too long ago so I feel
like kind of girls and like I don't know
what this thing is but yeah anyways I'm
rubbish editing some videos and um I
think guys for listening I just like add
some things to put out there get off my
chest and my music videos are coming up
tomorrow or my one and I saw the cut for
my Christmas sex alone and I'm really
excited about that and it's for watching
them and supporting and buying my music
on iTunes it really means a lot and
that's a whole other level of gratitude
that I can't even begin to talk about
well I can but I won't
or I should maybe of my announcement
after you a Christmas um music
announcement video so
come tomorrow out mccrane announcement
but anyways I love you guys so much
thanks for watching I'm gonna just chill
I would you a sign up I always feel like
a I never do sign offs Norman my vlog so
so like I wanna vlog more and then I end
up like just falling asleep and
forgetting sorry but we're sorry as Pete
my Canadian friend was dead but anyways
I'm gonna go but I do love you guys in
case I don't say goodbye I love you guys
so much thank you for watching and as
always you make Izzy's smooth little
baby fishies I don't got enough on my
channel still a lips are so bad my teeth
are so gross
