meeting Mexicali for Drew and Shane so
sick in the Bluebird
waiting for my diary because it was a
rough ride getting here has been called
a way networking into
issue over the grow but Beijing Kara who
gonna help badly working an issue I was
having she was rescheduled left near I'm
a trained shirt
and um
sixty
hey I'm just to get my car back tomorrow
so fingers
this one gives you a review of this the
3-way poncho cuz I feel like you love
poncho Shan oh I do yes and target you
remember you you were like wearing the
punch-out he like loved it one I know
you look good in that
I love Suzanne Somers I do are you gonna
get something drew I love this seems
like something I would actually make me
happy oh I try that you know maybe in
your life but yeah I've got for video
but also my favorite thing is can we
just make a dump me
oh hey John you said you wanted to cook
tonight let's do a dog yeah let's cook
up some dumb dump meals would she you
know her she's the queen of dumb she's a
dump Queen dump your body she's clear
dump cakes yeah she kills the dumps we
should get that we should get that at me
cuz I actually want these for a long
she's been dumping like dumping her
whole life that's the name of this video
dump Queens who I look like a dump clean
stairs go down to clean music oh I took
a dump I finally took it down oh right
and then just like me squatting no but
right right
okay I can't it's not good thumbnail
really I need you to like you know you
should you know you should do is you
should call this video trying as seen on
tv products because that'll do well so
just like try one really quick okay
here's Nick to me already I think you
should do on a home that would be jerk
it out of it it has to be real more
confuse like does this thing really work
is oh that was it I put a little
as-seen-on-tv thing right there
I wash I try I should I think you should
try like you really like open didn't
take this out yeah
no a for it you could try the genie bra
or that the genius I actually want to
get this so maybe I should get this and
try it at home and then I can do the
actual try on that's the worst angles
Kiki I get these in giant okay okay
we're doing it it's on the Christmas
section and I was looking for my baby my
baby was over here last time because
where I got my baby OJ but seems like
you should get this it's another thumb
title nothing perfect I love what my
perfect Irish is down here my baby daddy
I have two of those already up you not
see that there's one with Carolyn
nobody believes up a bigger blade that's
my baby daddy
I'm more than kale no shade Oh
oh it was shade where's your train sir
you're not wearing one
why my trip oh no that's you USA
iostream
oh yeah we're driven true I found for my
ass and you have a cousin so if I put
this in my hole and I make myself happy
this is from last night and I've been
playing it you push his hand and dances
and I've been playing it over and over
you can see it on snapchat but I think
I'll get caught period if it played I'm
a little sick today but this is so funny
I wanted this but we were in an uber and
we weren't targeted after so I was like
I was really sad
shame Bo's made it to my house and I was
at my front door when I came home he's
so handsome
yeah he was no instructions so Jeff set
it up today I'm still my PJs it's like
three o'clock but yeah I'll him he makes
me whole outfit anyway so crappy I also
got a new vlogging camera so I need to
like figure out how to work this this is
the one Joey uses so I might have to
switch vlogging cameras really nice
quality I get that out later
and I got my first Christmas presents
all ready to go find it the tree solar
wands for my mom and the brown one is
for a friend of mine I'm gonna put on in
my Christmas tree first presents oh
that's my billfold in my arms history to
online shopping but here let's get kill
right kind of bougie yeah a presents I'm
also doing a little organizing today a
little bit Marcus is organizing I have a
lot of us already planned out on I'm
play with my new little I'm a new iPad
pro I was playing with it yesterday
drew opened it up for me so play with it
a little more Calvin up
my life today and we post me that's
alright monsoon my lobby snacks were
there from this morning haha classy oh I
look how like look and feel like death
right had done I mmm
real attractive um yeah so today I was
supposed to get my car back from West
Coast Customs and I still has to light
again so there Shane tomorrow but it's
just frustrating it's just frustrating
I'm I know I'm gonna love it and I hope
they do have a really good reputation
they do cars for like the biggest and
the best people in the world right or in
turn K would not people for like
entertainers in the world right so like
I know they have a good reputation but
oh my god like it since been since
October 28th and today as a recording is
December 9th they said three weeks
originally and like honestly I don't
think he started on my car until like
three weeks after I dropped it off
because they like only just reason I was
like oh we're getting start on paint
I should just chem the car so what
should I cut out like I really wanted to
get this done but like I just wish I
would have planned or they would have
told me so I could have planned better
to get like a rental car because it's
just like annoying I've been depressed
on my car like not being able to just
drive myself places so it's just like
kind of annoying but I was like first
world problem is like not a big deal but
it'd just be nice if you like when
you're paying so much money for
something to be you know to have the
right like guidelines and stuff so I'm
sure I'll love it like I said but it's
just very frustrating I'm especially
reminded on Twitter Instagram is up you
know to me and like everyone just and
I'm really excited about it and I just I
don't know but I'm editing so that's
good
I needed a day to kind of catch up
because like well I guess I guess I kind
of caught up to I staying off Shane and
you definitely needed that um but like I
just I need to organize my house too
which is not one woodshed you have a
sports bra on for that I mean like
someone to come in here deep clean
organized because my brother's coming
next week so that is what's up and it's
just kind of like I don't know like I'm
busy and that's good like I love being
busy so it's all good thing but she's
been found a weird day I kind of got
like a little sick a little bit getting
sick
so I'm gonna eat some food we ordered a
feast again when chefs and Tommy always
ordered so much food between both of us
and I loved it we just split everything
he's a little sick too so that's kinda
nice having him here I should get
another bed for that last bedroom
downstairs so that way when my brother
and his wife come they can have a place
in the Jeff still here he'll have his
room in my dad who knows we'll just have
a cold party so uh yeah but anyway
that's what I'm doing glad today I've
been trying to post every day for
vlogmas um so let me know you guys like
me posting every day on this channel
cause normally normally post every day
on the other channel sometimes not even
all that but here it's usually every
other day or something so let me know if
you guys like the every day thing
actually I know hard to keep up not
gonna lie but uh if it's worth it if you
guys like it then I'll do it but we're
gonna ease on down ease on down the road
I told a target I went to Target
yesterday um like an ego target I like
stopped up and groceries like it's not
reservist my car because we can't do all
that stuff so anyways back to Mike half
gets doing Christmas organizer I love
planning so much so fun to like organize
and plan and like see all the stuff
that's coming up for you for me for you
I guess I don't I'm tired you know what
my friend um Jeff he went out this
morning and he forgot my alarm was set
and the alarms are going off like crazy
and it woke me up celeea she got like
two hours of sleep because I was like
panicking I thought like it was actually
going off and I kind of forgot he was
down there too I was like okay so
there's a big like it's drama this
morning with everything happening
because I didn't it was it was it's long
story but it was it wasn't drama is just
like a lot like it was a lot for the
morning for a reason like kinda tired I
think that's cuz I didn't go to bed like
change his J to like three which is like
late for me but I like really loved it
because I needed it I liked talking with
them and like just laughing and making
stupid and post-meeting snowman's I
don't know if I told you has a story but
Shane post means that snow me I was like
really cute I told you yeah what am I
talking about
sorry and like so just grab it it was
really really cute though and
it was really fun another postmates he
likes at the picture of the postman like
he was so weird
thank you something Pratt you've posed
with the weirdest things but anyways I'm
so hungry it's like legit what time is
that you gave Jeff a price on my
Halloween background which my Trish was
background run do that huh
but it's 399 like whistling damn it
she'll talking about look what so short
Mona took that's 319 so I'm going to
actually change this let's change
because I have so many Christmas
pictures you ship with them sexy mad as
my background yells Queen so single
girls do they vote hollow and it looks
like a picture what did I just do
that was just not right Shaun was
texting me the other day when my dancers
I loved him so much I had the best
dancers on that shoot I really did if
you guys haven't liked check them out
subscribe to follow them on Instagram do
it because they're just so cool okay I
want to make this my background why is
this so hard no I don't want to do that
wait this used to be like so simple why
is this one
well why can't I get this in the
background uses wallpaper okay I'm like
why is it so calm oh hello oh I should
play him in me since we hit it off I did
it off with all the dancers but should I
put more I don't know if I can fit more
in okay I want to put me and Shawn okay
so this is oh I love him we're going to
set it set both and see if it worked on
we had an advantage on this I'll show
you a video log screen live lock screen
yeah there's me as Shawn okay so this is
Shawn van der welt'
we actually met I knew the choreographer
I knew one of the other dancers again
true from a little less conversation but
this was the first time we met because I
wanted some taller dancers for this not
just a little less there's a reason
behind it I know it sounds like weird
but I won like I just want to talk like
a love Andrew and Mike and they're
pretty tall but I wanted like really
tall ones because I just like the
aesthetic of it like if there's a 212
guys because it's for gays long straight
not a big deal but um Mike the
choreographer brought home
both dance on island together I have a
picture of me and him like pulling out
his Ellen underwear because they like
they do that they like the strippers on
island a lot anyways I love him we were
texting there Jay he's just so sweet and
wonderful and nice and like I don't know
we just like hit it off so there he is
check him out he's on you do - he was
like music and dance he's awesome I was
really like it's it's like a vibe well
on set I do with all the dancers I
really did they were all very very sweet
and nice and I left Andrew of course and
Mike the choreographer like I love them
and but Sean I have been texting it he's
just like such a funny guy just love him
so check him out give him some love and
I am definitely doing my period I was
actually like a week late and not
bringing it rough of that but I should
go weekly on my period
um so I feel like that's another reason
I've been like breaking like lethargic
but I could start feeling it now the
cramps are like calabria oh god this is
so attractive I can't wait for all those
screenshots last I was anchor grasper
was like I don't know maybe like three
months ago and they had the ugliest
screenshots of me yawning and I'm like I
know like I don't want to out nothing
like you whatever who cares kind of the
angle to this like Fisher lunge gives me
wonder if that sites like still up I
remember it was like checking like it
was probably a few months ago and I
wasn't always down I just like wonderful
like ever got taken down down my lawyer
was like I was it was kinda someone
who's like stalking me a little bit so
we just kind of whatever but I was like
we need to take this site down and it
just was a lot of work to do it but
anyways the Simon thing right I just I
was wonder if it's like even still going
and like I actually don't even carry to
be so obsessed with like what people
thought of me like ooh let's see what
they're talking about because I do love
attention but I got bored of it are you
bored of things easily anyways I've been
talking fucking mad this is like way too
long I'm gonna get a cookie butter
frappe from coffee bean later I meet
mister sir food is here yay
huh no - slogging here 0:04 we got more
packages I know
oops we ordered so much food that nachos
I'll show you tomorrow and all these are
on like box at once chicken I heard you
okay you guys
chicken wait something to drink now
sugar starts to food later okay this is
our feast for lunch got nachos egg rolls
you got some chicken requested after mac
and cheese and orange chicken no me
Cheesecake Factory
