okay guys I'm freaking out I just
ordered an uber watch go to the psychic
twins apart Matt I am I'm so nervous I'm
so nervous right now
I'm petrified because the last I think
was actually pretty accurate and that
was just a psychic light on the side of
the road you know ones I'm like these
are actual like I didn't realize have a
go deal was until I start getting tweets
and being like oh my god is there a way
I can get read by the psychic
that's my god but a psychic twins like I
really needed to have to so-and-so who's
passed on and I guess a lot of people
know who they are they've been on a lot
of TV shows so I'm like really anxious
and Shane said they're like the best
obviously like so he's helping them so
much take their the best that they've
ever had he's been on his podcast like
he you know he's really but I'm excited
because I'm a skeptic by nature but
lately I've been more open-minded and
more like you know maybe maybe there's
something to this and maybe you think
good from this and like hope and stuff
from it so I'm going out with a positive
attitude and a positive mind so mostly
they know when everybody dies I think
and protect your death and they know it
well in hanford if they know how you die
I don't ask what I feel like I won't
because like that's like actually
terrifying but I'll just worry about it
all the time so I probably won't ask
although I would love to ask but I don't
want to ask so anyways I have my own
separate Hunger Games asked because I'd
like a Katniss sort of like theme going
on but it started off as Elsa I'm turn
into Katniss anyway so I got my crystals
to help me see how this goes hey guys
this is Jeff he's back people think
we're not friends anymore why would they
think that
because you like never came back after
my wedding blog I was in my seclusion
and nobody liked me anyway they were all
just commenting what an old fart I was
wait why you're so skinny
okay I told I like forced him to be on
it he's been fixing my house for me and
staying in my basement we have not
talked as he's been here for like a week
love you thank you for being my thing
okay
okay anyways I had to show you guys Jeff
because I feel like a lot of people
think I just make up my friends they're
just like oh no I feel I people just
like make up but I have like people like
we were watching the The Wiz I was
chatting and I wasn't showing him
because I don't want to be shown well
like that he doesn't really care about
like yeah I don't know he's hair cuz he
thinks like ever hates him
so don't hate on him but it was
interesting cuz so now is just like here
to be only thing whatever okay so I'm
not okay i it was kind of a war boring
cuz whirlwind because they were having
other youtubers come in but I didn't
even vlog with Shane Shane equated with
me for my uber and stuff used to see
he's having like a thing this morning I
mean I hate me to vlog because some of
his like life stuff is like so oh my
gosh are you okay and he's fine I think
hopefully but no so I didn't have bought
anything with the psychic twins which
was crazy because they were so sweet and
nice and they probably would have loved
it and I would have been really good fun
it and as soon as I got my uber I was
like why didn't I thought with them that
was literally the stupidest thing ever
they did give me their book of Oh which
I'm really excited to read they look
beautiful on the cover they were it was
really it was really interesting I mean
I were talked about this at the end
because as though I'm like shiny to
block I'm actually going out tonight
with my music producer um tonight you so
I'm gonna say we're going to my favorite
store it's usually because I was you
destiny my blogs he has fixed
restaurants um I'm like nice and I want
to pick restaurant so I'm I'm taking him
out because he actually takes me out a
lot like he actually pays a lot which is
very nice of him and very like not
needed or necessary you know but it was
very nice to him so I don't know I would
treat him tonight so I'm picked because
I'm picking the place so yeah it's just
kind of thank him for everything and
celebrate Christmas and that kind of
thing so anyways we're doing that same
but it was it was really interesting
once they start getting warmed up like
we did my channel video first but I
think they're gonna like cut in in parts
because once we got warmed up and like
after about 40 minutes maybe they were
getting so spot-on was like really
recent things happening in my life that
I haven't told anyone about because like
I think at the beginning you know you oh
you just watched my videos they don't
really watch youtube videos but I was
like oh maybe they watch my videos and
movie Shane told him or whatever
but once they started getting warmed up
it was like it was really interesting
this stuff I have never told her I know
would never told like once they started
like hitting on it I was like mmhmm and
then I quiz it like mmm one of my
friends and like I just kind of stopped
there because I don't tell anyone for a
reason but it was really interesting
that they do it was really interesting
so I'm gonna link them below my
actual like episode with them probably
won't be out for a few weeks or maybe
couple month I don't know I know they're
filming a lot with a bunch of youtubers
so I don't really know what my doubts
but probably not for at least a month at
least
so anyways I'm gonna add it some videos
before I go out tonight ah a little bit
but yeah going out oh my gosh they're so
funny once again my Instagram I don't
know my phone's over there I was
answering like fast though blog at my
house outfit anyway incident was I was
like in a Elsa like bras today like I
did a video in it
mostly I was Pete who's I'm actually
going out tonight
and I asked him fist videos music did
you ever talk to her I'm like is it up
yet cuz waiting for it to go on iTunes
and he said no not yet which is crazy
because he did it before Thanksgiving
but everyone I mean else that was if
Elsa did porn like actually dying but
like actually true anyways okay I'm
gonna add it for a little bit and um
just show out and then we're gonna eat
dinner I'm still hungry but I'm waiting
to eat cuz my beers okay I finished
editing two and a half videos I say half
because I start editing one is like when
we're on next one but keeping up with
the wonks yeah I mean Jana it's very
difficult but it's worth it because I
have a lot of fun like editing and stuff
it's just there's a lot of footage to go
through but anyways I wanted to give me
sake I don't know if I properly showed
them but these are a little different
than the ones I wore in the Christmas
sucks video these are these are more
fish not the ones I wore in the
Christmas sucks were like more opaque
but um yeah um but these are actually
more comfortable more forgiving like
they're they're better fit actually to
go good zipped up Jessica it wasn't yet
but and yeah these are actually more
forgiving and I really like though I
don't even know what my outfit is it's
very like casual but I'm like you all
thrown these tights to make it more like
dressy and all that stuff so I don't
know it's I'm a little dressed up
because I have my hair makeup done and I
love these like fringy things on my
dress so anyways getting ready bye guys
look what we got we're at Mastro's
we got caviar for the first time this
the Russian blue she kind you're so
excited here I have not used it there is
look at it like you know as close to our
shrimp and meat all the things so let me
try I got crab shrimp
so excited are you excited try it I have
never had this in my life first time I
am will let you know how it goes
Mooji date may Russia are like Eastern
European Ruth yeah Russia was love we're
in Russia with Laszlo see how it goes
you guys here's update he is a living
I'm saying Valley was it happening to
dinner fish right yes he lives for it I
it's okay I'm more of the shrimp I don't
know
I like slept that fills me up it's kind
of whatever but okay we've had a
turnaround here everybody people waiter
bottom brought us making my face or no
yeah the waiter brought us you good now
I would love for this caviar yes caviar
champagne we've had a turnaround
Tricia's a believer so them I love it so
much oh come once to our waiter chuck it
up with some champagne and caviar token
I love it out that's got me
hi guys here is our main of course we
got fillet lobster mac and cheese
lobster mash garlic mash pcap a big old
steak a China prawn biggest whenever you
got some veggies cuz he's healthy and
then get some cock tips and some butter
and we are ready to chow down on chorus
number like five right now so much we're
going for it he's looking at what my
personality type is I have had too much
to drink anytime a I'm an idealist he's
like are you an INFP or signature butter
cake we're so full but we needed a
little piece of this it's so thick are
you ready for it
yeah the coffee enables us to be able to
proceed proceed yeah Canadian over there
yeah we're going to pass out you know
and then but now we're gonna have this
now we're making some progress
we're some progress don't worry about it
yeah we will I'll feel everything
tomorrow
