hey guys we're on set thanks to this is
Mary Trish miss today I have a Winona
Ryder Edward Scissorhands inspired
outfit on when she's playing this now
and I love it so much it's my first look
where I'm normal
my mommy's playing my mom once again
look we look like twins show more hair
makeup we're gonna like the same makeup
same bangs happening do you love it you
like mom I look like your mom you're on
camera mom together we bonded mean-ass
we're like Bonnie maneuver totally
totally but we got so much closer now
like so great that she did my makeup but
she can't really be is a big flame what
do you guys think we won for a marvel in
natural natural I can't thank you again
so we're about this year and she's like
legit he's he's danced with penis that's
right yes and he's not here mine so much
in who do you think you might think I
always think I'm like a child he's a
little life yes you also my featured guy
and Christmas us and this fiance oh my
gosh he wants you to show the range oh
my god right after buying a ring like
this and they'll guess to lose the
wedding ring and Christmases that I like
he's my merry man right me well yeah
ready so we're doing the dress now we're
having business dinner
are you you don't have youtube I don't I
do i do I got
put my stuff up he's seen so everybody
everyone on you and very all the crew
right there the ranking and candy all
day as I make a channel on my dancers
just love it chants yeah daddy's not my
daddy
Sherry's comes with me but never in him
yay a new brothers are my brothers the
best my brother's hot yeah yeah he was
making out with you can see just odd
okay
for all your piece looks so good like
the flower I would devour it after the
shoot that I'm going to devour so much
food
so much food and but I where's Maj right
so check and have the salad what do you
do
that's perfect
Marie Osmond inspired hair bellamy here
but colored extras like mr. Hayes oosoos
brought some life to it so you worked on
this all week they really color you
whate hair pretty good on the mannequin
it makes you really like wait without
like a nigga wait which is awesome and
my whole hair shiny hair still magic
it's not like a weave it's all fun my
mom's tires but I like yawning mind
Minton
it's a christmas prom
like reverbs I love it yeah just shell
and like look is you guys just jelly
look at me set you have no rolls that's
a nice option in your Nahuatl has me
look like that that's crazy
they look amazing they've been eating
chefs of their diet like literally all
day you snack on chips and you look like
that it's so not their genetics not fair
so we're going down to the final look
ooh I know oh there's mom my mom said
okay Elvis yeah yours - oh it's pretty
in here can't see my doctor he's sitting
there any toy scared me the side of 13th
videos together in one here is that like
the record right ahead you're right
there I love it every time I'm like
let's do this let's do it so but these
are all his concepts I'm like these are
my songs go and produce by Andrew
produced directed concept by your
everything we can't see how but these
gorgeous like my Merry Christmas
the shoot is over I ordered food so said
it moms over there texting away and her
little merry Chirstmas shirt and her
little tummy belt good you like your
pretty makeup your mom used it so guys
so the videos are coming out on Friday
and Friday so Friday then we can ride a
IRA PF Changs just in the nick of time
there brought the clothes and the she
have my orders on my way I'm so excited
so she can't free makeup it was so much
fun and everyone involved was so nice
and wonderful I really have the best
crust and crew ever so be sure to check
her out and you guys I did really good
on like not eating bad for like a week
which is a huge accomplishment for me
because usually I'm always like stuffing
my face at night but I really just a
thought temptation and there were a lot
impatient I'm hanging out with people I
bought it and I felt good about it I
feel like it looks good on my outfit
that's right proud you know oh thank you
mommy
yeah I don't think I wore my waist
cincher once this time around and that's
an accomplishment for me I like my waist
cincher but I was very proud I don't
have to wear that so anyways that's it
I'm going to chow down and then go to
sleep but just grabbing all those off so
much hot anything for the peanut gallery
over there no
your hair is beautiful oh it's okay no
matter no no it's not them all right
okay so I'm going to be here I think you
guys so much for being part of my
journey I you guys pottery for hosting
every single day on this channel I have
been keeping up with it they have a very
current within the past few days
vlog mess I did it for you okay they're
never consistent what what are you doing
I was like superwoman over there
can you come show me your shirt real
quick afraid when I got after you're
done please do a model for me I have
mine on but actually just took it off
should I get it merry Chirstmas move
always worn the shirt and in my video
yeah my ABCs P and my sister di Holland
get below so we love you guys so much
you know you're in it oh yeah my mom my
mom and Bo she's mom both I make out
with season yeah spoiler alert
we love you guys so much thank you for
watching as always mom do my outro for
me what do I say here's my kiss you know
what I see something before that yes and
here's my kisses to my little baby fish
eat go again okay developing I'm Sophia
I've got a shout out to Rick marinas
pirate Moranis I meant marinas and
here's my until next time here's my
kisses to my little baby fish bye guys
