hi guys Jay one of the video shoot we
are in the caravan we have angel hi
everyone I know right we are on our way
today one Christmas sucks are you
excited yes I just saw someone jogging
and tighter pants and his girlfriend
that's not well we're in Hollywood and
we are doing this is the first climb of
the day but it's not really glam
principal Smith the morning afters so
get ready for some glam luxe you can
follow them on YouTube Hollies needle by
lash on Instagram Ashgate home I think
about mama on YouTube Atlanta pay is so
check all them up because they're gonna
be with me all day long we managed my
location we're in this pink mansion hmm
this pink mansion we're just so cool by
the way this is where Shane shot his
video his internet famous uh-huh he woke
up on it and sat the internet in this
video here it's so pretty it's like pink
everywhere my mom's like you live here
look at the chandelier oh my god no it's
so pretty I got my Marilyn honey on my
editor shorts let's give him a little
tour mom let's give him a little tour of
this huh
nice picture oh my god I love it
I want that of me like all of them being
me and like right at all naked wait you
to kiss your own black book because this
is my wallet
there's my director Andrew this is our
12th or 11 well oh my god I think so too
and I'm 13 tomorrow we're done this is
like the most of the year I'm so excited
I'm so excited for this oh she's like by
to her there that that's where we're
setting up glam but I'm already yeah
those do chandelier
well it's good room the bathroom real
quick do you have your video camera it's
actually the first shot of the day was
actually gonna be the last oh no no it's
gonna be opening shot video but yeah
this is so funny as soon as I walked in
I knew it was like Shane's like play say
he shot so oh they're dancing behind the
scenes at eg setting up wham clown setup
we're setting up set up Graham dad
snapchat this - yeah this is yours
okay
I
we
I just want to stand you next to the
Athens already right there yeah okay
where do you know this makeup in so
beautiful so I have first look at the
name it's the first plane look I've had
and we're so sad to be taken I know it's
so me
and she did this in like an hour isn't
it moving here goes : so pretty one
final look I'm so excited a Tim Burton
you called me and say hey can you make a
peep from my next movie can I write and
quality and allure and these kind of
things
hahaha I want to do that to make her
face look skinnier than me what's wrong
my face I had a vision in my head and I
wanted okay Winona Ryder eat your heart
out
when he told you to strangle
all right guys we're on lunch
everyone's lunching their lines what
chicken come in laundry tomorrow so I'm
trying to eat healthy so yummy yummy
look who came to say hello
yeah what's going on um we are on the
Saturn we are in or something so you
came all this way
oh it don't think it is kidding I don't
know where Gabriel Valley
Gabriel sgv San Bernardino operates out
here what if it is walking oh my god
really
Wow there you go so we're out here and
saying gambrel doing
Chris's Trish's Christmas music video
but I'm gonna go ahead and cut it all
never even blogged with this camera it's
kind of weird it looks like fish island
anyway but you guys yeah yeah what I'll
do over here gingerbread the church can
pick up this later and sort it all out
18 years all right how do you turn this
off there's wait where's ash where's
yeah ash - my makeup once and I'm 45
minutes an angel I change here like 30
minutes and hey dude colored are you hey
there's colored everything so this black
the turquoise everything so glam squad
pulls goals
I'm having so much fun and we're in this
winter wonderland which is amazing
living ooh there's the light
counting competency thank you so much
for coming and being so impressed aside
from ours been one of those things
scheduled or whatever that's amazing you
look beautiful yeah very very
professional we are leaving the mansion
and there's really no point in you know
what I should just never a huge huge
huge shout out once again to my clam
team angel and hey-zeus who did my hair
and makeup for all these videos they
will be linked below as well as my
dancers and choreographers who were so
sweet during this video and helped me
dance and look good I'll link them below
my harem Ahmet if you will also earlier
in the video I kept saying
internet-famous the music video that
Shane did here was called famous
youtuber directed by Andrew Valentine
who directs my videos thanks to Shane
introducing us
