oh my gosh you guys oh my gosh I don't
even know where to begin I just got off
the phone with Kenny who is the
operations manager at West Coast Customs
oh my gosh you guys and it's Friday
December 11th you guys don't even know
I've had my car at West Coast Customs
now since October 28th they said three
weeks three weeks and now they're saying
oh it's always takes four to six weeks
they told me three weeks okay fine it
takes longer it takes longer I knows
it's like such first world problems but
it's like so frustrating being like you
as a girl if you're a girl do not go
into West Coast Customs alone I have
text messages saved from Dave the sales
guy I've had text message is saved from
before Thanksgiving I said hey do you
think it's gonna be done before
Thanksgiving 50/50 shot we're putting it
together right now they all try and
explain logistics well if you we take
apart the car bubble I don't really care
all I care about I'm being lied to I
have emails and text messages to saved
from the sales guys saying that oh you
know um what'd he call it Oh it'll be
done tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow the
latest this is two weeks ago he's been
saying this two weeks and now
conveniently he's not in today
and I've had my friend Jeff call because
he's a guy and finally now they're
giving us answers they were dodging my
phone calls dodging my texts I even
called today trying to look for Kenny
they're like always with a new employee
I think I am NOT hanging up on the phone
until I talk to somebody because my car
was supposed to be done today how I know
nothing just honest from the beginning
of Thanksgiving being like you know what
car's not even started if they just
honest about this ship they're liars
they're liars they work with the highest
end celebrities like Justin Bieber gets
his car there like all these people get
their cars there why am I being kicked
around and lied to like I don't
understand I'm paying so much money for
my car by the way so much and it's just
like I don't understand why I have I'm
being lied to like isn't this their
reputation I mean it's a West Coast
Customs like they had shows they have
shows right now like I guess it only
matters if you are an important
celebrity client then you are priority
you will get it done you will get
answers but I'm literally being lied to
I have text messages saved because you
know they're like oh well we never say
three weeks you say four to six well I
mean they did say three weeks okay I
don't have proof
that whatever he said she said but I
actually have text messages from before
Thanksgiving saying you know what it may
be done before Thanksgiving 50/50 shot
we're putting it together now that was
Thanksgiving this is December 11th now I
think we're just honest and being like
hey you know what realistically it might
take up to two months like I could have
rented a car I could have done all this
stuff and now once again I'm screwed I'm
screwed I just I'm so beyond myself that
I just want my car back I mean this is
so stupid that I'm like crying over it
but the fact that the guy like it was
yelling at me this Kenny guy just being
like you don't understand how to put a
car together acting like I'm just
fucking idiot and the other guy Mike's
not inconveniently today no one responds
to my emails or texts I'm just so
annoyed I just want my car back
I just want it back it's like not worth
it but now I'm screwed because it's like
they take it all apart and I was like I
can't even just get me a car back I just
why can't people just be honest oh my
god I'm like makeup he said by Wednesday
today's Friday said by Wednesday the
latest wait for the fifty like five five
hundred thousand time he said that at
the latest eight car places you find
girl they treat like you're an idiot a
piece of shit and they're just like bye
he literally hung up on me because I
started like crying and he just lock up
on me yeah so beside myself
I'll get alone in this world we get a
single girl like and I can treat it like
shit everywhere I go I'm sorry I'm like
overreacting to this probably but just
be fucking honest Cheney has people I'm
done
