we're got ideas over here we're about to
shoot or shooting my Christmas photos
and he's like why don't we use your bar
I'm like that's like Spanish style it's
not Arabian Isaac people in the Midwest
want to be able to tell the difference
so there's Isaiah are you still haven't
started a YouTube channel what are we
gonna do oh why not I don't know let's
start one today you always say that you
always say you're a star when I film I
always say I'm gonna start a music you
haven't snapchatting more though I
haven't snapchatting what your eyes
which is that I follow you why I can't
remember the name it should just be
Isaiah Mays because I thought it would
be hard enough for people to spell it so
it's not the original just like my name
um did you see have you seen my new baby
your new baby and our new baby they're
like oh she's like doing that to like be
with her photographer I was like that's
so great black babies someone you have
to be with someone to have the baby but
that's what they thinking they're
thinking I'm trying to trap you that I
like trapped in intaglio
and like probably be the father of my
kid that's not like ah I would I would
be the one fighting for custody so
actually it's not actually my kid maybe
we don't know paternity test with them
with the dog oh my god we gotta do a
photo shoot a family portrait of it
a little baby and yeah so my angel take
it so we'll show you that's the reveal
on this channel like who's the baby
daddy so you could be one I'll be the
title baby daddy and it could be your
face at the thumbnail all right well I'm
not I'm not saying I'm not confirming
ordinary people love you by the way I
was like you should do someone like a Z
everyone loves you of all the people I
show my channel
everyone's like I sans the bad me let's
shoot the whole thing and see because we
with that other neckla necklace is super
like so much just got my teeth on it
uh-huh
no okay
I'm trying on my knees over there there
yes for well for the necklace yeah I
like the big window thank you yeah for
the necklace
no the one that you good one it's in
your right hand this one yeah for the
necklace Spencer yeah Oprah headband
yeah no I was thinking for necklace
instead of the one that she's got on it
too much did it do make up a feather and
you gotta kinda feel like you much angel
loves this one he was loving I should do
that 100 that would actually be really
pretty in my boobs with cowboy geese and
I would do it
my boobs are fucked though I have like
scars on my boobs oh I see you're saying
but they don't want to be like nude I
feel like nude is cuter I like topless
photo shot my nipples that's kind of
classic slay that's very that one with
this one yeah that's a necklace super
cool it's my for genie genie and do you
see my Genie she's over there I love a
little bit for a second I was gonna put
is awful those are shoes my shoes cool
look at them modeling my Mary Trish miss
hey Zeus modeling I gotta take your
pictures of you guys in those too so I
can like show it I have my jacket to do
with your purple what is everything not
this one
guys Christmastime it's wonderful
that's for just like that okay guys
we're doing and I'm boxing my booth came
it was like it's a blog this piece is
really excited I love Sam
oh my gosh these are oh these are
everything oh my god
so excited Oh see you're gorgeous oh my
goodness
oh my god Oh everything
tres whoa that is gorgeous
every skipper you would write what
wizard vodka what these are done from
the same girl who did my Keurig st.com
slash shop slash the L lines and she
doesn't for ten percent off like
anything you want to bedazzle she did
this whole boot and she did it in three
weeks they needed him for my music video
oh my god I can't wait to wear this and
marry Trish mez yeah and their perfect
size the heels aren't like too big no
this is I can't wait to wear it we gotta
wear this for the g-wagen - oh my god
nothing before oh what the hair look
there at exists in my feet hair for me
oh my god I need something so fierce to
wear with this so good I love it alright
and there's the other one they're too
tall they're like two different colors
to match like my Curie because it is
give it a little more edge but it is so
pretty oh my gosh
by the way to follow them on YouTube
holy jesus an angel yeah Elmo ah I'm so
cute oh oh my god see they match my
curing perfect huh
you can't have a Keurig without matching
boots literally everything ah I'm so
pretty
dying I love for these baby oj his
muscle don't laugh my baby
baby somebody work in the videotape he
doesn't need to go on the publicity he
doesn't are you kidding me I do YouTube
this is what I do I told you baby
daddies Oh guys we just wrapped up our
shoot so now I'm gonna nurse maybe ugh
it was so much fun
by the way I've changed office I'm gonna
show you guys what it is in a second but
this is baby Oh J he's here here my
friends footsteps my friends staying
with me
but anyways I'll show you guys my outfit
are we living for this Rapunzel inspired
Disney outfit it's from what happened
what happened you what happened what's
happening what's happening I'll get one
for you I got one I have one for you all
right so I'm gonna exactly outfit
it's Rapunzel inspired it's from a place
called lip gloss Club where they're on
Instagram under lip gloss couple club
wear but I don't have this kind code for
guys but it's so cute about this little
like like ribbon thing I don't hope you
guys can see little one thing she
actually made my Merry Christmas ones
but I wanted a cute like fun princess
one just to wear so I filmed a video for
my main channel it's called hard to be a
bard it's like a little like lip dub
video from the Broadway musical
something rotten and I thought this was
like so perfect for it so living for it
supposed to cross a little more but yeah
answer some more pictures so you guys
can see the whole thing and ponytail is
snatched okay guys so I I just got into
some comfy clothes either you guys
watched my Victoria Secret Holi saw
these I'm obsessed dear Santa I can
explain like I got so many shirts like
this and they loved it so much but hair
is out pajamas on and usually had
pig-out at this point what's inside to
be in lingerie the next two days that's
not happening so my friends gonna pick
out and I'm gonna eat some carrots and
pretend that it's Jack in the block so
so we're gonna do little baby oj
chilling over there friend chilling over
there but he won't let me show him he's
a big person who would kill you with his
bare hands if you
so anyways that's what we're doing Oh
kill Zilla oh snap no you know I'm gonna
start minutes nah I think I might start
again showers my I do you know and I
know it's only because it was like years
ago and I YouTube and Gmail has that
thing where you can't you know and it
was like tragic so that's why I kind of
started another what is up
nothing lb diagnose Parkinson's
carcinogens I have to have a couple
things to uh purge from my system
yeah um so anyway I'm over here at
Trisha penalty we don't know that
already
and um resurrect in my youtube for some
reason my 10,000 followers I can't eat
these subscribers me more bother than
you how hard you know what guess my
powers in you I've been receiving my
Twitter followers you have twitter is
like just through my gosh I am you
alright look a hundred there alright
agreement invested I'm sorry I did you
can't get in I've never gotten tell you
Twitter yeah you and I connected over
Twitter but doesn't have uh-oh do you
want to hear this story I was mad at
kale for so long like a year or two toe
the world I was mad at kill him together
oh no I was pissed my mom and Kilmer
treaty I think mom he's the worst person
ever why are you treating it with iam
yes
Oh didn't tell me you like you taught
her gelt now why are you a good friend
ah no I knew you knew room and then she
talking about like why talking to him
like we are not Brian see the bad person
I'm never a bad person was in your mind
it was in your head you were for a
minute huh you were for a man and your
cover
I have so many best friend now Japanese
always with my best friend and I ha the
responses you talking oh yeah you're
know above how'd you say huh that's
radish me I have cow
Oh mmm bleep what's up down there
she's a double recording here double
recording yeah pull this around pear did
video YouTube goiden I've done a lot
today character in the video yeah we're
getting ready to have on pop eggs have
an announcement I'm gonna be the mom on
Trish's two videos this week how my
mom's acting in my videos these are good
acting I'm gonna be a party calories in
yes Marty over me too yes you know I'm
way trying to eat anything you want try
it oh my dad you could have been my dad
I am not old enough for that yeah really
who's older I wonder who's older you
were jazz haters doesn't matter try it
wait come over here and try and see how
it is Oh try it we're soul girl started
on do you love it ah what do you think
of it what's wrong is me it's actually
not that terrible yeah
how can I say that you're my roommate
now mm-hmm
you're my roommate and he's living with
me he's gonna kill anyone who comes to
my house with his bare hands show those
shoulders lethal weapon
yes okay lower their podcasting your
periscope high passing or periscoping
I'm doing for seven you do video final
page we go one and welcome to youtube
house yeah music video me rock party hmm
one who starts at night guys it's like
my night oh shit Jeff was talking about
or install James Simpson and so I had to
show baby oj Jeff come here we go to bed
say good night Warren thought are you
going to he's going to work but he
getting it off it for what say goodnight
to the vlog though say goodnight to the
vlog
goodnight vlog fine there's job later
new permanent roommate yeah forever I
told you the other day eteri relaxing
having him here because I was working on
Thursday and I'm like it's kind of nice
having someone at home like to come home
to and I like one on the bed and talk to
him and crush his knees
I was like laying on his knees he's like
it's hurting I'm like like literally
trifle I credit you as being a genius
for the most like outrageously trivial
things like chill just be like oh my god
it's like I don't understand the toilet
like doesn't work I think it's like
you've done hot water and so but there
in three minutes you don't clog the
toilet she's fine that's okay thanks for
fucking genius this is amazing that was
clever oh my god you're here
now I was smart like a smart guy you're
worldly as my mom said more worldly than
kale how many other guys know how to put
a you know hot water and dishwasher soap
in a toilet unclogged it look up world
like looks like only any of anyone's
with a medical stick huh this this could
be a new sitcom with your real
people and a baby rubber on your
clunkers Mikey Wednesday for Maya my bus
don't even in California somebody little
bit substantial anymore fiber it sounds
like we're from the West he's from the
south he's from these coasts we got it
all covered and we're all on the west
coast
Three's Company reverse bringing a
lobster's back with you I did thank you
lobsters oh I left them all on camels
not to wear them I was a clip-on for
those perhaps surely her crab legs huge
did that be you like crab I do not he
has a third person not melted water did
it but it's not really want steak yeah
we are all gonna be hanging out soon at
a strip club so look out for that blog
oh yeah The Four Musketeers step for me
I'm not that worldly hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog be sure to follow
everybody in this vlog I'll link their
social medias below o my glam team my
photographer they're just wonderful
wonderful wonderful people also my hair
stylist angel and he's have a channel
holy jesus an angel I'll link that below
and merry Chirstmas shirts are available
now on Trisha Paytas at sketcher calm
and men's sizes also these outfits and
these boots are available on etsy link
here and also link in the description
box below
love you guys bye
