okay guys so I'm going to dance
rehearsal got my little hair up and my
little workout outfit on um for my music
videos my work I come here so early
anyways good news that huge is it that
was my face popped it all now it's flat
I know it's a little gross but it's so
much easier to cover a flat pimple than
a raised pimple so even if it's darker
before the shoot I'm more than okay with
it because it is now flat to my skin and
I have two days to my music video so I
feel like it's gonna be good and no news
it's knock on wood is um are gonna have
form so here's my wares I better go we
just got I got I just got we talking
about multiple personalities we just got
to the Hollywood Dance Center Oh still
so red popped it I think too close to
the time I have to see people but yeah
we're in Hollywood this is like where
all the rehearsal spaces are like
everyone would always comes right here I
don't have a dance thing is always right
here Gina yeah entrance
I was lofty but I always got my
chapstick just use my lip start peeling
I started peeling last night when I went
out on my little dinner adventure okay
I'm like officially lost
that looks terrifying I'm not going
there
maybe to ground-floor entrance
there's so many interesting if there's
none for me no entrance for Trish
enhancing me move that thank you go
there all the time they're like
rehearsals or networks my speaking like
rent spaces I like have auditions even
if it weren't like a fake audition
because like holds me says I was
watching my oh my god why can't I like
find this entrance that show on MTV
called one bad choice and this girl held
a fake audition in one of those places
and like for babies and she's like stole
a baby because she told her boyfriend or
ex-boyfriend she was pregnant
I don't know why that was moving about
because of a conditions all the time so
it's weird I'm not going by like all the
rehearsal spaces I think I'm like
definitely I'll be walking by people can
like go but everyone's dancing this is
like a big dance Sanergy okay
I mean these are entrances but like it
looks like it is even go anywhere this
is the bad thing about Hollywood I never
know where I'm at okay these look like
more main entrances now hmm adventures
in Hollywood got my love pink shoes I
love them so much they're so comfortable
I think this is it
gosh guys I feel like I'm in legit
episode of screw green I just like
walked through that thing and I'd look
back on this parking lot which I hate me
and park in Lizzie's could crap out of
me like the red double could just be
behind me at any minute
I honestly this is so weird there's like
so many entrances but like they go
nowhere
watch I'll show you up go back and
there's really mean Offutt you know what
there wasn't main office that way so
don't under but watch you act like I
literally straight down this hallway it
spit me Helens parking lot it says exit
route wellness but they don't address
that's not the red I literally turned
around I was like she coming that looks
like screaming
I'm kidding all right Gretch I don't
think bright and daylight still scares
the SH out of me
she's like no one's in here there's like
no life back he made it in here him
early there's
people here so I feel so safe now do not
worry thread devil do not get me this my
fish in hot dogs so excited to dance
then it's like this thing is like so
gross I'm so sorry
please there's life here please there's
other people dance a boat a t-bird full
body ish for the studio I'm in the
studio I'm into the young Dan stereos
might be feeling pretty Spears I feel
like I'm on me keep the video
push
Oh
Oh
yeah
yeah super
no to Trisha that CityWalk place city
walk-in suggests it looks really really
good I was eating a really spicy looking
chicken and fried rice so when I'm back
to eating real food
I got and try that but I did get a Jamba
Juice I know it's not like the
healthiest thing but it's like all I'm
going to each day and I have a Pirate's
Booty in my hand so I'm like it's still
under a thousand calories and kind of
sugary button whatever it's like two
o'clock so alright yeah I get my nails
done I get so sick and over I have to
get something for stomach so yeah yeah
oh my gosh you guys I am getting very
much The Wiz live on ABC I'm so excited
I love the live shows on MBC grease is
coming in the fall and I got a spray tan
shout out to be by Blair for coming over
and give me a spray tan watching The Wiz
getting all cozy since then if you guys
watch this stuff let me know Cheers
thing cuz I'm so excited
he's on doubt he's on down the room here
we go
I'm so excited oh my god you guys this
is like what I was waiting for all day I
got home comfy in my sweatpants watching
a little bit of The Wiz
watching there was right now you guys is
this much good thing it's like tripping
the I feel like I'm on drugs right now
but it's so funny hey I'm watching the
Scarecrow now and I'm just gonna say he
ain't no Michael Jackson the girl is
pretty good Dorothy but this scarecrow
I'm not buying not buying it but it's
good it's entertaining definitely
entertaining
