cutely your socks are there Dumbo and
Dumbo's friend haha
actually I never seen the movie Dumbo I
just think that was like really really
cute but I even see yet but whoever that
is he's cute too no I'm going to get my
roots done today because they are so out
of control because that means we are
getting closer to UM to do music video
shoot
I had an album cover shoot this Friday
and we're still do it and do Christmas
merch with the image but oh you guys oh
my gosh okay so how I put myself on
iTunes is like if you don't submit by
today like basically anyways it's like
it's holding basically goes to my update
it's not going to office 2015 and since
it's Christmas music guys like that's
not gonna work this needs to go up cuz
it's Christmas music so I had like a
song of course are done but the artwork
wasn't and I didn't have the shoot of my
hair I couldn't do like an emergency
shoot or anything so basically the album
covers are gonna be just very like
generic it's okay because it's digital I
don't think people really care I mean I
think it's nice to have like a picture
you know on there like whatever but I
don't think people like are gonna care
like too much I think it'd be more
important to have the songs on there so
there's that but I'm gonna do a
Christmas shoot this Friday and instead
of doing two album covers which I was
gonna get or three actually because it's
three singles I was gonna do one and
just make it like a poster or a t-shirt
or something like that because I already
scheduled it and that's all the day I
get my pink car back so I just thought
you know what have a photo shoot in the
car or how a photo shoot here being bang
done so I'm getting my hair done my
friend just going to town and I'm
reading Christmas decorative say it's
going to be a crazy busy day once again
and then all the water company guys hold
on you won't even believe this
this camera sucks or zooming in but look
at that bill it says two thousand eight
hundred and ninety dollars and 53 cents
so yeah there's that it's this camera
sucks I'm getting a new vlogging camera
for myself from 7 Monday but yeah that
sucks I just did a whole long spiel
literally a whole long spiel just now
and none of that reason was even
recorded I wanted to go push see stop
recording and it wasn't even recording
awesome okay long story short water
company things there's a leap I had
someone come out and look they said
there was no leak so now water company
has to bring their people out to see if
there's a leak
they think it's like stealing water
thing there was a thing up north in
California about like someone thought
Tom Selleck was stealing water what was
someone who's working for Tom Selleck I
just like explained this whole thing and
like soundings ever done it in my head
but oh that's my uber but yeah basically
they have to come send someone out they
think it's stealing water and figure
this out because there's no way I spend
that much because I before I moved out
like the first month like the three
months before those like you know
dollars so clearly I'm raising too much
water anyways marriage is for sure I
can't believe it I have to go get my
over now but oh here we go thank you so
much thank ya
I'm so pretty in here oh my gosh that is
so pretty because I could pick two
friend Katrina
oh my gosh isn't your Christmas goals I
need to snapchat this is so pretty in
here that's where I get my hair done
well this is gorgeous I kind of want to
come here just like dinner or something
this is so pretty oh my god I love it
that Christmas is so magical so pretty
you know but I get my hair down at the
montage Beverly Hills my Justin Bieber
lives never actually you know what I've
seen him
I seen him here once but it wasn't he
wasn't even like surrounded by a bunch
of people but he was I gonna head he
could I knew it was Justin Bieber yeah
I'm getting my ear
uberta it here called the water
department I said it has to be a lake oh
my god it was one thing after the other
but Christmas bear makes me happy so I'm
not gonna let that get me down so called
your prison out to inspect my dream
much-needed roots
got there it's dumb just look so much
better my gosh
anyway table extensions next week but
needed of these are it's done
so thanks there way at the Kimbo montage
can I was doing your hair right next to
me is very exciting
he's so cute if they're both so cute
because Zoe's it blonde and Kim's one
feels like the blonde tirage but yeah
alright going back home because I have
so many people to meet my director my
hairstylist my decorators I have I have
a little outing tonight little dinner
howdy my friend his flight actually got
delayed so now he's coming later it's
just another action-packed day and y'all
would come with me like this oh my gosh
I just got the best little care package
from Bellamy here you guys I swear to
goodness I usually order Michael and
Bellamy hair or like I mean really I
mean they sometimes they'll send me like
new stuff but they rarely send me like
kinda like which this has been out for a
while video shoot and this is my
all-time favorite so it she's really
great there's no like special like Lily
hair you know they have like that all
the lines and stuff like that like
Bugatti but this classic Bellamy hair is
the best and I'm using this on my music
video shoot so if you can see I have 18
inches 20 inches 22 inches and 24 inches
so that way it makes me hair look fuller
and more layered so this is peak Alina
bambina bellissima and my new cut and
you can tease my code Trish if you guys
want to save some money but honestly I
love this kind of hair the best it just
holds the best curl the best style like
it's not too heavy where the curls gonna
fall and it's heavy enough to give it a
good full style so you guys are
interesting exceptions these are kind of
used and I'm so excited this is the hair
my Christmas organizer as Christmas
organizing this is the hair I'm gonna
give my stylist when he comes over he's
gonna do this Korean red for my
Christmas music video shoot stuff it's
getting to be so close and I just turned
out my mom's been playing my mom in the
music video which I'm so excited
is getting close I love music video
should say get me is so pumped because
I'm such a creative I just like to
perform and you know I don't know it
takes it to create a process for me
getting the outfits around and doing the
songs and I just I really love
performing too so and there will be
shirtless Santa's so definitely stay
tuned for that you know I'm gonna get
pictures and video of um pictures and
video and pictures video because share
the Siena's always a good thing
Christmas really excited for Christmas
Oh bright Marion white I can't take my
races no they're still decorating but
I'm getting myself ready I've got a
little outing tonight a little date if
you will and I'm super sad and this
lighting is doing me no justice they
actually look cute but this lighting is
so bad so these are not I'm not one
really is one wear these with jeans see
hippos but well short hair big step for
me guys and they're still decorating
okay throw on some hoop earrings if you
like that completes my look a little
better a little yellow in here but Jana
I got some jeans on every room is so
messy that it's like so embarrassing you
should even be coming here sorry makes
me feel like home down hoarding room
with yeah hey short bob no Maryland
tonight that bad that out the two beats
up
oh I just tweeted that like ten-year-old
church would be so happy and so proud
that I got this huge tree we used to oh
my gosh when I Kisa come visit my dad at
Christmastime we stood at the department
stores like the fancy ones and just look
at the Christmas decorations I know like
a kind of ghetto but we just look at the
cousin that Christians didn't make me so
happy and I wanted just really fancy
decorations like that so excited and you
know it's it just made me think like you
know some people are like sometimes
justice spends frivolous money on things
you know and the way I look at it is it
makes me happy life is is too short um
you know to be anything but happy so
this makes me really happy and I just
life complete for this tree I love it
thank you so much doctor Christmas who
was on the end the coal show by the way
he decorated for her holiday special and
we chatted about you Anna I love him so
much
so definitely phase out in LA and I
burnt your house decorated doctor
Christmas decorate her to the stars
