hey guys so super awkward for me
chocolate uber so I'm doing an uber OTD
voiceover um these are my crystals that
I went crystal shopping with Joey on we
got them somewhere and like silver like
I think these are my Versace shoes that
I was obsessed with I did a hold for
Saachi Hall sort of unboxing on my main
channel and I love them so much like
these watermelon Versace shoes I got so
many compliments on these by the way so
so glad I bought those and they are so
comfy then my jeans are from Target so
many people ask me about them they're
just basic target genes phone case from
Trisha Paytas Spreadshirt comm and that
bushy white shirt is from Target and we
all wondering am i headphones from
Brookstone sorry for the silent OTD I
was in the over and he have trying to
talk to me I had my headphones on and
like yeah so I thought it would be weird
I just started talking to my camera all
of a sudden I'm cool sorry um so yeah
I'm in Orange County today meeting my
sister at the Capital Grille I'm almost
was to come with this but oh it's an
ownership change I'm almost to come with
us but she's meeting us a little later
which I was brainstorming highlight
eight you know I hate risks I really
carsick
but I like taking them because I get
really creative in them it's very weird
I was just thinking about some songs
some more original music for the new
year after the Christmas ones of course
but you know as a youtuber you always
guys to ahead as I left my bra up but I
was thinking of some really cool
exciting songs I can't wait um I like
worked on some notes about them but yeah
those are my OTD I'm living for these
four sake
I like wasn't sure if I liked them but I
love them and love my cat your phone's
just jamming to some music weight from s
to C but got my crystals it's going to
be a good day I have a busy day I'm
going to cosmetic hair um I want my lips
done but I think maybe she's gonna say
that too big again ah but I'm gonna
Steven get those done and then get my
nails done and your eyebrows done
and go look for a suitcase and very very
excited so today is a day of errands and
this whole week is going to be absolute
chaos because my music video shoots are
coming up and beyond I have lots of work
for so fitting these words tomorrow
hopefully I don't know but we'll see how
it goes so we're so many people just
like there's my sissy she totally
ignored me just totally drove past
totally ignored me she can park in
ballet it's free
I think she's realizing that out but I
better go help her
my sister got this Toledo lay the
pineapple infused vodka
I'll show you on someone like no but I
will vlog it it's very classy yeah make
it classy
you can subscribe to those classy hands
because I keep in my that's a good
Instagram you should be you should do
instead you guys watch some time wearing
masks Baptizer cover when you come here
definitely get it so spicy even if you
don't like hell more you will like it
here because I don't like Alma right but
I like it here um okay so I went to
Sephora and got some stuff but the girls
like give your VIP PD insider I was like
I cancel it shows would you like to open
up a new one again I was like are you
kidding me I was so mad I was so mad
even though I wasn't her fault I was
still so mad so my sister when I passed
her me and Shay oh do you have your
beauty insider and this is like yeah
here it is I'm like no don't give it to
them they're gonna steal your money in
your points but I still watch something
anyways but my special I should I even
buy anything I'm like well I'm sure it's
fine I bought something I don't know but
I don't have I think it's if you have
the VIP points because those employees
can see your information so anyways
lessons for goodies anyways but still
hates Laura definitely don't shop online
from
unboxing and you some lasts
this is over thing
so pamper it's the holidays and have
pink everywhere I'm dying okay my mom is
on bumble right now we were kind of
dating suitors for her not by the way
she's looking here hey how pretty you
are
thank you they went for lunch without me
oh not attack up what did they have a
lobster me and she we had some leftover
weekend she did for me so I'm eating a
cold hard shell taco
there was also Callie's never mind me I
know it's my child Akali sound it's
auntie Mames hair we don't bring bags
you know often they think of me know why
I told you is what if I did it so what
do we think of bumble so far is it in
the car Obama what it's raining if not
the nose we need to get our lips done I
feel like she didn't tell me my lips are
too big and she won't draw I think so
too
okay our big Eddy lips I just got him
injected on September but they lose the
quick but I'll see if she says yes or no
my mom she's changing her we have a
distance so you want longer distance
what an hour it's shut down here oh you
can change it when you go out with a mom
and thinking she knows how to run about
a little better go running bumble we're
gonna go back to swiping for her hey
guys I got lost Naaman cream I told Kat
that I only wanted a little numbing
cream and she's like I said no she put a
little on of my time more and then she
comes back when like what's the holding
at my shagging that's for you I was like
now my whole face is numb so I'm very
excited about it yeah like Kat do what
do we got it there's thoughtful and
getting pretty yeah that was gonna like
a model she's like that was so funny so
we're getting mother's thumb I kind of
moved south heads keep wanting I'm
bigger and bigger which said it's normal
I'm just like I am as big as possible so
here we go with the injections I'm so
excited
just get lots of numbing cream had to
stop I'm off now for like a half hour so
I can't feel nothing see how it goes
once you
look yeah yeah yeah yeah awesome my lip
smell why do you watch them cap you
injected the massager what do you do
though this is not um
sloppy lumpy it feels kind of good mmm
okay I will show it up shine baby booty
all swollen
hey nice so we just got cosmetic hair
got a little work done
do I look younger do I look beautiful
I look crazy three short hair I love
cash she's so pretty we just might at me
your mom first like has so pretty
hesitant nobody came she came down for
moral support
you ready to come for support you didn't
come to eat cuz she didn't make it to
lunch so do you know if you're hungry
yeah I can unwrap it
I don't think sorry I don't want to go
there is a ate so much it capital I
didn't eat a lot you guys saw the lunch
I was eating so much I feel good now
maybe I don't know who knows I was am
not gonna eat them that comes that I
want to eat but as I'm now negative
mommy driving me back we're gonna go get
our nails done that's a full day I'm
just telling them like the week before
my video shoot I always have so much to
do etiquette hair done I got a there's a
leak in my house there's always so much
my friends coming to town I'm just
there's just a lot happening but
it's okay that's quiet over there that's
a treating you are not she's chatterbox
all the time to get my caffeine well Oh
get the taco
let's not crash every time you reach
down I think of our cousin that got that
crashed my grandparents car when she
reach to grab a doughnut which for this
amount wall here yeah my mom hates these
walls too which also makes you nervous
fight with this awesome isn't funny how
it's against the law to like gamma phone
while you're driving but you can eat a
taco like that's totally League I mean
that that you know legal no it's not I
looked it up huh
it's not legal because I like asking why
she had some KFC in a car one time and
please officer look directly in but it's
like that's a lot more dangerous than as
I blog that but but she was hungry it's
more dangerous to have a light-headed
mommy driving so toggle else on the ship
right there did you read it we're
getting paid for that mom eat this taco
$500 thanks not my nails done it's like
an hombre french manicure and a little
Chevron needed something basic for my
music video shoots to put on the outfit
so it's pretty neutral for me ya know
Medicare what I saw boo she's on I
wanted to better care about damn time
what are you gonna do and eyebrows will
not be a big sign of the Belgium so
that's Harley
yes like like like like I'm sorry if I'm
annoying myself
