oh my gosh hi bye so I thought I had the
whole day this is when I know blog links
is gonna go south it's gonna go south
real quick cuz I'm thinking in my friend
up from the airport and he's staying
with me for a little a few days and I'm
really excited and I like loved this guy
like I love him he's like best friend
like brother sister status like love
love love him and I literally thought I
have a whole day to like clean my house
up wrap this prize I have to get a few
more presents I have to run some errands
I have to book a ton of things online
where like Christmas vacation and stuff
still I know and it's literally three
o'clock I'm just gonna have it a little
snap because we are going out to dinner
tonight which I'm super excited we're
going to our favorite favorite
restaurant I'm so excited I mix all so
hungry and I could almost puke I'm so
hungry I have to go pick up packages I
have to run to the bank I have to get a
few more gifts for him I want to make my
place look cute which I have laundry a
half oh I have and I got it early I got
my hair makeup at 6:00 yeah I haven't
even filmed videos oh gosh I'm like
greasy I know I have blotting paper
somewhere
I haven't even filmed videos yeah and
that's why I got my clam this morning I
wanted to I mean I'll have time to film
at least one for my main channel man and
I thought he's not only gonna play with
someone but feeling like a few for my
main channel a few for um for my patreon
like I thought I was nice I realized
that I really do love making videos and
I kind of Miss that I'm not making them
as frequently for my main channel like I
know what happened
but I'm running out of him because I had
a few like backed up and I'm kind of
running out cuz I've been posting every
day on there too and now I'm like and
there's so many that I want to do and
like film that just take more time that
I just don't have today so I haven't
from the eating show like a proper one
in like two weeks and I love doing even
shows like I always know those are like
the home run people will like them and I
like to do them they're very simple but
yeah all you got to prepare like a like
a time frame we're off see it's like you
know that's like what I eat for my day I
don't really
you that one I'm gonna go out I'm gonna
go out for a big dinner tonight so do
you know who's saying like anyways I I'm
so busy I'm like uh so crazy but then I
just have I do so so much I don't
understand I don't understand I knew he
thought I have the state of like relax
like films and videos look some things
maybe do a little online shot like no
and by the way I only have like a few
hours to do all this stuff which I know
seems like a lot but you know has time I
run do all my errands I have like six
different stops to make which traffic in
LA and just my driving skills I know I
kind of overwhelm and then I don't know
what I'm wearing say right now I have
like this little evident really inspired
by camera - OH
oh my god you was hating it I hope you
guys could tell hello
so I got the hair makeup done and right
after him you can't it's hard to tell on
camera but I got these gold like glitter
pencil at my hair
Tiffany the girl knows my lips had it
and she gave me her guy's name and
number his name is Vicente I'm gonna
take him on Instagram we just couldn't
get like a really lighting is not doing
this justice I feel like you can see it
more like the Sun it's just like some
hubris subtle like glitter throughout
and he like hand-knotted them in there
it's like just it's I love it's so
festive I love it anyways maybe you guys
will notice it more but yeah all right I
got it
haha yeah so sad this yes Lockwood I
definitely haven't done so I'm gonna do
that maybe the next time you see me I'll
be like cute and pretty and ready to go
to dinner pick up my friend but I wanted
to get him like a gift for like what he
gets off the plane like you don't mean I
just love I love taking people off from
there I love giving them gifts I think
it's like so much fun
anybody ever do this worth a don't be
like oh my god who is this like is that
my friend like no I'm single
unfortunately I would love to have a
boyfriend I would love to date but I'm
not so it is what it is but I would do
this for anyone and anyone but just
special people family friends that are
close to me he's one of them he's both
so there you go so I was just having a
little snack and I saw a Life & Style
tweeted this article I had no idea like
a lot of times people have like PR
people or like
what's not SPR there's another one that
you can get like a publicist to get you
know people to write articles but I
never have done that I've never paid
anyone do it spy Evan real it was posted
a December 19th it says YouTube
sensation Churchill penis is the
body-positive
icon the world needs right now I thought
it's honestly like it's kind of a
lengthy article so I'll link it below
the blonde bombshell oh my god this is
so despite years of negative comments
we're on Lake Charles targeting her wait
the 29 year old oh I may be fat in your
eyes minimize oh my god I see a flawless
beautiful figure has flaunted her
beautiful physique encompass views over
the course of her 10-year career many of
those clip sources open our past Rose
bottoms you're coming with food and how
it used to affect our self-esteem
program loving an author that bTW comes
in all shapes and sizes you can love
yourself and be insecure there's a huge
difference and I'm confident you can be
confident and secure buddy since curious
may wait sometimes I think I'd probably
more some time I was like thinner who
forget me poses in lingerie but that
doesn't mean I'm not confident I look
good obviously I think I look great
really anyways it's a really sweet
article I'm like I'm like I don't I got
my head right now I feel like it's such
a fight cuz I do get shitted on every
vlog no matter what like people know
better quiz why did that do that that's
weird that was so weird
anyways no matter who's welcome in like
there's always a good make a comment but
my fat arms my fat fingers me just being
fat but honestly like yeah of course
it's an insecure two people are gonna
like jab at me for it but I don't know
like like I always say and I feel like
it's just kind of something I broke a
record but I guess this is what makes me
a body positive role model which is just
it's just the truth it's like yeah some
days I don't like my body sometimes a
money but what am I gonna do not wear
fun clothes not feel sexy you know what
I mean like not II um that's just not me
it's just you know I want to feel sexy
and like you know my body makes me feel
sexy I remember that it's a healthy body
it's keeping me going it makes me feel
sexy I love though I do love the way I
look and so there was more of the
clutter anyway um do I like I was eating
so I don't know bad stuff my lips anyway
it was a really sweet article thank you
like in style that's cool like it sounds
like a huge magazine it's a huge deal I
was like whoa so thanks for that article
like was such a good pickup especially
on the holiday that's saying how much
weight I've gained because I
around this time of year I'm just like
I'm seeing I want it's Christmas it's
fine I'm happy um we'll get back at it
we always do don't we honey who pussy
COO I gotta run smears but thank you
like them style check them out like I
hey listen the wrong water purse me I
feel like I'm a real Marnie they like to
be body-positive or a lot of clothes I'm
not saying that is beautiful I'm not
saying skinny's beautiful I'm saying
your body's beautiful eyes is like
change it modify it but don't forget to
love it and today and feel sexy for
today like love your body you know feel
embrace it we could we could all be
changing it tomorrow if we wanted to do
we're gonna lose 50 pounds or gain many
pounds but just embrace it it's all
about the here now right has promised to
no one asked the right to marry hey guys
I'm about to pick my friend up from the
airport and I have this little setup
because he's gonna stay with me for a
couple days so I got him
Happy Hanukkah and star Damon lights
like a present for Hanukkah and then I
got a big Christmas tree at San tab
because he's like Jewish but also a
Christian so yes I got the presents
there's one more president that my
wardrobe guy is imma turn around that
the guy that does all my costumes and
stuff did you made this really cool like
I don't want to say it but it's like a
really really cool thing it goes with
all that you can see my tents a lot
better now um so yeah I stepped it up
really quickly got two videos done and a
lot of things I didn't get done but
that's okay I got to run to the airport
I mean car
Versace gonna throw this now this is the
Democrats are way too long
how you get naps kids actually have more
to throw out now the pink car y'all I
was and I miss your pink car it's like
when you get a shiny new toy hopefully I
drop this watching them as well this is
like barely hanging on people got my
pink rose boats catchers you guys know
my favorite shoes
all right okay down the back of my shirt
I'm a jacket I'm like always in a hurry
but
Luciano
I felt it
No
how much
you sell your chair
hey guys so these Guaymas days have to
go together these two and I'm hoping
hoping I can officially out of tonight
so I'm currently on my way to hang out
which is him I'm super comedy that's cuz
my lunch was half a Ferrero Rocher and
these were really easy to open
I honestly think I got the faulty box
when I was opening with you guys it's
been a minute since I also vlogs in my
pink car a lot was said I'm sorry and
I'll but also you can see my glitter
tinsel so intense right now um so yeah
Jason and see what we do as I soon to
the Charlie the Chocolate Factory
soundtrack the Broadway musical and us
become such a good shop oh I love it so
much I guess I'm wearing the same thing
I wore last night it wasn't a tricky
license thinking it's the same day just
because I was really lazy and crunch for
time and I'm like you know what throw
that off I didn't really get that dirty
last night so I feel like it lashes our
stuff I feel I still crime
so I'm going to the other side of the
hill I don't really know what to say
it's so weird cause like once you kind
of get out of luck not okay like what
slob for a while you know like a whole
12 hours know but like I happens like in
this because I had so much other things
I just had I have to be getting done
like boring stuff like bills and taxes
it likes it appointments and whatever I
just like feel like it's not that
exciting like in your work I have I feel
like it had such all at blogs these
month this month because I was doing fun
stuff like music videos and York and for
the traveling that's why I want to
continue to travel not even just cuz I
go to make cool vlogs I mean it would
but like I feel more inspired I feel
like working harder when I try outs it's
so weird when I get out of my house if I
go to a photo shoot I like someone
else's house or a different location I
actually feel like I don't like still
have a Sperry stuff to know first off a
pen
I feel more oh my god I didn't bring any
of my oil pass
great
I'm gonna be shiny all day I have always
bring wild pads I just so not like me
that's so weird um I just like I
couldn't no no talk about because it's
been such a couple a boring week but
kind of a boring because knew I was out
of town I'm preparing for like a trip
it's like you know it's just like
nothing was going on but Jason's in town
until Friday so you meet people hang out
with all my friends here - obviously I'm
he's gonna watch it with us on it and
I'll say he's just someone who doesn't
like to be on give her like he's just
doesn't and I get it I mean I respect it
and so that's why I like having like
YouTube friends and then like friends
and I was about to say use you friend so
I like having friends who also at
YouTube because it is kind of it is fun
to get to share like fun things you know
the stuff I do with my best friend
that's on camera is same thing I would
do with my friends that are on camera
it's just like I get to share with you
guys which i think is only fun you know
I looking back but honestly like I I was
so much fun with Jason when which one
equal times C so much fun
um
I'm really upset that I did not bring
blotting papers
I was so stupid of me war powder as I
hope this rose I'm making a stick it
makes me sick sometimes college Laurel
Canyon you get to get to the other side
of the hill the hills are alive with the
sound of trash with some thousand I
think what are these having worse and
worse
my heart will be evidence of having
chocolate for lunch
my teeth honors you should just leave
them in my little thing so weird
now strike that progressive admin the
other way real applause though that is
just so bizarre that when I fart even
last night I bring them everywhere this
is gonna turn green as soon as I start
doing this watch I knew it
oh man being a girl it's great so just a
lot I just think the other day I was
getting my hair done I got my glitter
extensions interest will be like today's
vlog but it actually took a really long
time and it's so subtle I'm like I
obviously like I don't want a hole had a
little glitter hair but it took like
three hours to go through all my
extensions and put a piece on each one
and to do with this guy's don't also
even notice when you get it done
see if anyone says anything if I didn't
say anything he notices he said
something like oh you know your hair
just really sparkly now so it's like so
he set up a hit and I was like oh what
dude your hair which is why your hair
because when I saw my girls have had
this in her house as I woke your hair
but it is so subtle that I feel like you
really have to be looking at somebody
and I'm always really looking at her so
anyways this is great it's like four or
five days before Christmas actually
summer 20th today so fighters to
Christmas and no one's in LA everybody
has gone back home
it's like empty
I can't believe what I did when this is
like empty like scary empty Laurel
Canyon no matter what time of day or
night there is traffic and it's one
o'clock which is like a lunch hour
very suspicious this is very weird that
no one is at home I love it
literally I'm doing 50 minutes to get
here what normally takes me like an hour
I have to plan ahead
now start that refers if I missed the
other way I really wish I could hear
myself muttering that has been so
stuffed up anyway so boring I won't
check in and vlog from the pink parks I
haven't done in a minute so guys I love
you so much
somebody had now like there's a lot of
jokes okay guys like there's some that
aren't funny but I think majority of
them are good how I know which ones
aren't funny and which ones are cuz
afterwards I go that one wasn't funny
okay you're breaking this you really
don't even like that they felt something
they like want me to the leader right
away if in fact I don't take it out and
I'll forget like don't ever say
something you don't want care what could
I literally forgot to take things out
okay take things out you know I'm not
like oh I should take this out well
that's what the girls were saying last
night cuz David was like so she's just
sucks really long ones right and they
were like yeah like wouldn't we love it
we love that they're long they're just
like this person oh this is how we do
okay moving over don't dumb dumb to do
you should just like come over and like
hang out like you can just sit on the
couch and then when it when it like
strikes you you can vlog or that is so
weird that would be so weird I would
never that was a lot of them everyday
but you know what's ready to film when
you guys that's basically what happens
we're really yeah people come over and
wait what yeah there's tons of tons of
like tons of people will just kind of
hang out and then we start filming or we
don't
weird it's fun no I think that's I'm
just not used to that he'll say okay I'm
gonna vlog now he's like we should talk
about this and that's it like yours is
like a different thing where it's like
literally like I don't know what is
happening and it's like literally just
starts right away and really yeah like
it's weird trips me out a little bit cuz
I'm just not used to it's not like I'm
uncomfortable I'm just like whoa it's
like a lot that's hold a lot of people I
do not I'm like bad with it a lot of
people yeah in case you know I said he
film so little really yeah we were spend
a weekend with him and he I mean he just
like he'll be like okay guys and then
he'll set the camera on me beg
this is buppa buppa buppa buppa buppa
and it's like a minute and a half and
that's it that's easy though yeah he
knows what he's doing
yeah that's me I'm just like almost
illness and then I worry about it later
oh my god I'll cut this somehow people
love the long one though on yours are
the one that you lost like 30 minutes
like here I took your advice and people
liked it though even your don't even
like know me or whatever they'll be like
oh my god I love these long ones really
yeah didn't read the comments I should I
always read comments anybody oh I'm in I
read all the comments I just like I'm
like weird like that I just like a
narcissistic I don't notice the TMF
everyone says you said what a
narcissistic I think is this like I like
to like every video I'm ever in I like
go and I search and look at the comments
like yeah it's good no like it's bad
because then you just hear people be
like yeah hater when I write immune but
luckily they've been nice lately that's
why I don't look at them cuz I get
they'll want me out yeah they buy me out
now
I mean I do look at them I just don't
look at them all the time hi good yeah
like way busier than me
yeah it's love it I just love your life
I love it
no nothing Stoops it's so funny
camera down a little bit okay don't put
it at my stomach this is my stomach in
your video I know it is really that meat
on your channel open it was on my
channel people would be so mean no one
was like me as like why don't you leave
that in literally just armies valium oh
I know I'm sorry cuz I just thought that
content that's good that you were saying
it next one oh that's fun
I like thanks bash I sorry I really
don't care was really rush trying to get
this together
I was Hanukkah and I had to go celebrate
Hanukkah cuz I'm a Jew
I celebrate hang on you'll see em if you
ever watch my vlogs I celebrated with
seven thing right you did yeah and I got
him a Christmas tree cookies have a
shirt a secret
you dropped your Cologne outside is that
yours it's great we did a style haul
well probably coming in this way yeah so
how many things did you buy me a lot
many things did I miss here everybody's
not blog Trish's channel you're just
channel oh yeah you look my first
celebrity on here congratulation I am
honored I'm sorry the barge
no no we've gone to Yemen your movie
yeah I didn't know a jerk I didn't know
him then Oh what do you know everyone
else
Josh please do not start please no
because I've got a story if you had
returned my call when I met you in that
store on the Braille maybe I won't ask
you in no more how do you want to be
your friend back then I mean I was a
creepy like fan guy here's a little
marry you so far we exchanged numbers
and within 3 hours I get a text Hey Oh
working on some idea tell Bobby is that
what I said Palli house like hey Amit
paliotta telling us is your kind of
place I get the most views right to say
here yeah I'll be like Christmas when
this is like the best new sitcom the way
literally you just a dad it's like so
much easier I can't have to be able to
be funny I think too much I like you
know I've seen your videos
really
your videos i watch you would breathe
energy about you thank you but not funny
energy like I'm not like ha that girl's
so funny is like oh my god I can't stand
her like it no it's fun fun I like a
freeway
what do you hear that that's really kind
of sitcom I can be like the cranberry
just for a little bit just in a quick
guest appearance is Scott know uh yeah I
really do love that one
uh what are some more your my favorite
in the whole box love but then you also
what I hate you give us last time so
you're very quiet
thank you I'm just a quiet person hasn't
everyone kept telling you in like not
really a Miata super excited to meet up
next
I told you that the other night I chance
it to me I used to hate you with you
he's looking yeah but then I was like oh
you know maybe it's like well bathrooms
in that the vlogs like oh they hang out
with her to feel bad for her I'm just
super shy and insecure you're really
loud that's all for the camera really
for this one right now otherwise I
wouldn't be talking yeah I'm a real
scholar right now oh yeah I know he's
very sweet
we love very generous oh no we love you
like love if you do the songs you could
fill it your everything thanks guys no I
I'm like a fan of everyone in these logs
I feel like like so happy to meet
everybody and everyone I know I'm
natural I love it we try and try to yeah
everyone's in okay um do you want
um do you want some or no you can't eat
second I'll never get to use I'm like
through a lot that one not the one that
made like their juice 10050 M Hey look
lon come over here work you have to
don't lean into me enough for thumbnails
okay do you want to hold anything give
me a shocking I'm holding the bags
cuz it's summer Seb you boy surprise
that way you out oh my god I can yeah
and then dude I don't know the day for
like a girly you don't know that I like
that I know that's just from the past
like our rally didn't really read it off
you and Josh I ship it
John you said bashes he's really good
with relationships he's family he's got
a sense he's a psychic actually which
that what what don't you eat a lot of
stuff you like Cameron one day we're
done gadget that's literally my channel
is it smooth bottles it's all I'm trying
to eat all days are you kidding
where do you go what would your favorite
movie is it McDonald's because I can get
like 50 nugget 50 fries like 50
cheeseburgers and just eat it all no
yeah that's fun I ate five million
dollars would be this how many views Oh
three million four million yeah I guess
not that was I gave it all back that you
following here loving it this year I was
like flat stomach earlier this year he's
gonna eat it all keep it something out
all right you should do it I don't think
it's good for joshing you why because
you guys kids
I'm Jewish okay Jewish Jewish okay I do
that yeah when you go out and eat with
your friend really helps you boys I
forget it yeah yeah if you don't want me
out on give me anybody I think anybody
at that way I would like to see this in
a polyamorous relationship yeah how's it
work great
hey I have a surprise for you like I'm
surprised I like where this is going
right so I had to get home and edit some
videos but can I just tell you first of
all how much fun when I hung out with
Jason for a little bit I met some of his
friends
you ready for some relatable content I'm
having some dry pasta noodles why I add
it but I'm still behind me okay
relatable content it was really
embarrassing but I want to show you guys
that's why I do it's nothing at home I
am about the pants and I
they eat a pig out and then I try and
squeeze myself back in them again
numbers ending of all I needed up no no
before I'm and then my friend who um I
picked up last night these coming back
here go see movie how about you is look
how pretty the growth is I haven't seen
these new snowflakes they're so pretty
this time
Kanan my r2d2 bruises here hey guys
ignore this big said that's all my face
so it's the next morning so technically
would be like vlogmas day 22 I don't
know what I'm doing today so I don't
know a blogging but I hope you've
enjoyed the vlog the last two days sorry
I've been a little analog missed it's to
be expected with me
hey I feel like it done pretty good
keeping up so far so thumbs up if you
like the more freaking up-to-date vlogs
and I will do my best in the new year to
maybe try it like at least at the very
least Monday through Friday vlogs cuz I
have fun doing them I just I kind of
suck up blogging and also my life
sometimes isn't always that interesting
this is like the grossest side of me and
this is like such a pretty smile vlog
here anyway never guys enjoyed this vlog
thanks I love and support kissy so she's
like
