hey you guys are in my shower with me
which is like super weird I think I want
to do a full shower routine but can I
just say this is like kind of waxing
chest you say I just got out of the
shower oh hello um this Jergens wet skin
I I know it's always on ads it's like
gonna fog up because I just have shower
but this Jergens like wet skin
moisturize you think actually works I
put on my skin and my skin is usually so
dry after I came out the shower oh hey
this funky I don't know how to have like
lotion on my hands and stuff okay yeah
um let's get you out of shower um no I'm
Becca angel um it actually works
my skin is show I was kind of look I
kind of live for the fog but kind of the
Chloe my skin is like feel smooth
I saw it cuz of the ads on YouTube where
it's like now we're right the men be
showering the one with lousy map I love
it so much I'm obsessed with it it
smells good my skin feels so good it is
amazing so anyways my little secret my
naughty secret Oh scandalous secret oh
no just kidding
um but yeah I don't know that was really
weird I just I'm probably gonna put in a
favorite and talk about it more but I
just thought like I had to share it
because it was really awesome and I
really loved it and I haven't even comb
through my hair anything so oh my gosh
you guys the life of a youtuber my house
is such a mess right now but I'm
actually not my help I have a date
tonight
if date join and we help this'll messy
and my bet is obviously but I'm really
excited because I have a date but this
is the aftermath of a haul
I literally have just so much stuff
everywhere but yeah oh my gosh I gotta
show you guys this so excited I've been
really excited over my purchases lately
is this not everything is it super dark
I'm Louie Vuitton this isn't my Black
Friday hope but you guys well already
see it cuz I'm gonna edit that fairly
quickly but this looks cute thing ever
but anyways I show you the aftermath oh
my little baby baby oh J made a video
stay buted a logic oh I believe him
crazy but this little baby comforts me
like no other I'm probably insane I'm
sure um but anyways I have a lot of
energy because I have to go clean will
have to get a lot of energy up because
have to go clean but um bed and George
just kidding um pillows by the way these
are from Italy mm skulls from
the skull and the two white ones were
from Z Gallerie and this is from a place
called luxury silk I just ordered about
three more silk bed sheets because I
love them and if it makes me feel like a
princess I think that's okay but I have
a date tonight tinder guy I also did a
video about this tinder guy date tonight
I'll see how it goes I'm so excited I'm
so fetid I think hopefully I'll be
killed
