oh my God look who came by baby daddy
Oh baby Oh J I had that happen I'm lost
and $10 at CVS so happy really yeah so
was this completely off the bruno movie
just felt like you should have won no
okay so I got this baby I thought he was
really cute I was literally just in CVS
I thought he was super super cute yeah
so I got him but then everyone in the
comments are crying baby Oh Jane oh my
god that's really racist like jeez
you're calling him baby OJ everyone
instagramming it wasn't a picture with
you - Ram yeah well like a while ago and
people are like oh it's baby okay I was
like that's won't raise is like what the
heck like why are they saying that and
then I realized was from Bruno and I was
like oh we get a nice art hi I'm baby Oh
Jason I say the Oh Jane so yeah he's
called but I can't believe he actually
did that I'm not that movie that was
over everything my god yeah I thought
was my dad and there was like penises
flopping everywhere I'm I guess my dad's
a conservative like Christian movie
ya know I'd like to sign up out of
nowhere you're out of nowhere no out of
nowhere random you know you just flicked
the camera on him okay we've been
periscoping snapping something okay I
need to get some of this on my blog a
lot okay first of all can we just
acknowledge how good Cal looks look at
his size we're amazing your attend your
blood your he does have some surgery
done so he's manic well it was you know
I'm getting some teeth we were with you
when you had the accident we named do
something happen to your teeth wasn't I
with you like to let you fall out or
something what happened everyone thought
I was with you I swear was cuz you're
like oh I'm getting like I've just been
this has been going on and on for a
while now but I just I just you know you
get when you like would you put a little
hoodie on because you're like conscious
about yours well cuz I had my hair they
say I literally just got back from a
trip and my hair's in the same for the
past three days how long did the limo
ride take it looked two hours and then
he got lost and I was
I didn't vlog this time I just blood on
them on the way there but on the way
back I get it okay baby oh Jesus you
know good they're listening I know he
loves that luxury house baby could you
medic your father did you see any of
those like Black Friday like freaking oh
who makes the shopping Walmart like end
up with it trampled over and they're
fighting they're punching each other
over like a little baby OJ's in check
getting baby I'm telling you it's crazy
I can't believe you like thousands of
people are like you know right like it's
like Walking Dead they're trying to get
into the store you know what I don't
know if that's even a thing anymore
because we went to Target it was really
fine oh my god yesterday oh yeah as a
Saturday you know it's I hate to say it
but it's I guess it's in just certain
parts of the country where it's like you
know just I don't know yeah I don't mean
in the Midwest yeah by the way Kayla
brought me this and it's so good
actually I'm gonna put this in a
favorite where'd you get this is it
hopefully it's a hopefully time Oh bujji
I think I'm spending money there was uh
it's very money like he's going on
business
wow I would say that listen
oh yeah what is the secret to your
transformation babe you know just
routine
this is steady you know it's been early
to bed early to rise you know eat well
and you know take care of myself
and yeah a little bit of luck from the
Bob you look good it's good no I told
you guys I've been over here since uh
the party which you weren't even my blog
because I was like okay I wasn't invited
if he was he was he he'll again but I
just didn't vlog really cuz what do you
mean when did you blog I was beginning
before I found out about the bad news
then I stopped blogging because I was
like over it and Kant had come kind of
towards the end so yeah I feel like what
do you mean people like actually
commented and said how are you why do
people just like what happened to cow
like cuz we just like to hang out and
she'll like all the time well that was a
time when I was free to do that
yeah and I mean mostly yeah and it was
like you know and partly to help you
with your music large man that was
pretty much daily almost there at times
grind plus it was fun hanging out in
between but so there was a lot of
reasons for us to hang out you know what
I mean our hot for teacher video I don't
know if you even knew this my director
of my current videos he texted me when
there was a some scandal about
sexualizing school students in the news
and I use our high for teacher like four
times on the news to show it I'm like
okay we were adults when they on the
news the national news our hot for
teachers on there and they were like
playing am like where is our money for
that thank yous it did all my music
videos fat chicks is number one and has
five million views but half her teacher
is the only one over two million views
so that's our my second most viewed
video cow love that he loves but you
know to me well there's a certain love
and you you kind of like show me that
but that's I guess there is a thing to
have the most views I mean that's what
it's all about right whatsapp in one one
way YouTube and the views yeah you know
viral video one thing viral video well I
don't you know it was brilliant about
that and she this shame pointed this out
to me well this video brilliant about
viral video is we named it viral video
so when people type in viral video like
searching for rural videos ours is the
first one that comes up yeah so it's
kind of those kind of brilliant but I
think I was right you yeah i titled it
viral video yeah and so yeah and then
the second one I wanted my own video oh
my god I have I can only tell you I
can't tell them yeah I have a really big
viral video news to share with you I
forgot totally about that mmm-hmm but
and you guys will know soon enough I
just can't say it yeah man huh thank you
I guess yeah thank you hear about that
this is something I heard
when your snapchat today it was like
you're gonna do another music videos
Christmas ah next weekend
oh yeah mm-hmm what are you singing
Trish's Mary Trish Merry Christmas and
Christmas sucks they hurt know a little
bit of that you guys heard a little bit
that when I was with Pete last week and
we did a little demo but yeah mm-hmm
that's cool yeah what is it gonna be
like snowflakes or snow machine and yeah
I like Santa baby
really mmm but fun in a bar no no it's
gonna be like Christmas party Christmas
party yeah like we trash Christmas party
really mm-hmm
the posse that we are the actors that we
are getting mmm to be my friends Kayla
the dad if we did that to your baby I
know I mean being a dad is it's not in
the cards right now oh I got myself to
uh take care of Oh say I can't even hold
it right CST huh see if the pizza guy if
he's gonna come here you know and it's
let him see my baby
and let the delivery guys see my baby
come here my baby I'm nursing him
hmm it's that movie uh well you know you
know what that was cells ripping off of
swingers you know with Vince Vaughn and
and uh it was a it was a scene there
where the delivery guy came to the door
and in the background Vince it's like oh
baby yeah bring him in here is he cute
you can see that and the guy at the door
is like you know getting all embarrassed
anyway well we gotta see what I do with
them okay okay it's like a horsey you
know right that's what you do get him up
get him up on your knee and yet in you
take them for a ride water will work
whatever yeah all the above fuck it you
know what is it hello hi Bob yeah that's
it that's a pretty tame energy drink you
are yeah I got the coffee here some
water would be fine anyway I'm just
gonna let all this this is a crappy
YouTube video rappy cut it okay we'll
get your thumbnail
yeah um no no baby Oh Jay you do that's
a company and I love it there you go
must be summer no oh yeah I had a
pepperoni vegetarian
and we'll see you sings we're gonna
podcast all right guys that's what I
love about you you're like good for my
ego
oh well you know I tried I'm just
kidding no I'd say I see the truth but
you know me I say the truth even if it's
bad I'll be like oh no you know you know
so I'm like this very honest so anyways
we're gonna wrap this up you guys are
now on Trish's life I'm recording just
was like hey I'll just finish his first
podcast we're still podcasting it was
fun did you have fun yeah it was honest
if you guys want to see in front of
Trish's life right now if you guys want
to see some honesty kills this is I'm
like everything yours al oh okay we're
talking about that okay cool I love it
good for you so I think if you do
podcast maybe you're just more open
because you don't feel as pressured to
be I don't know whatever it's it's I
just felt like doing it I look for it
but um yeah he's over on periscope and
yeah we're gonna finish up this podcast
so check it out only below for you
churches like yours
