okay guys we're back at Penfolds and I'm
wearing a penfold shirt
I think it's that looks like I work here
but I'm hiding it because it's kind of
weird to wear it but we're back home
tonight
surround the poker board games and would
be similar yesterday was my favorite
thing to do eat poker okay so I still
have big giant some rice krispies for
yesterday but they have these banana nut
muffins which are my favorite and
they're huge but they also said that
this I think this is all my I got to
detox next week because that's gonna be
worth every calorie so I got knocked out
pretty early in the tournament they're
actually they're just way on right now
you can see everyone's going on right
now so I'm in about the break but gosh
I'm not doing it at poker I'm not
playing it so long so now I'm just
chillin I'm a pencil shirt representing
looks like I just got off work I love
for these braids from PI over it now I'm
kind of Miss my like hair just down you
know so now I'm just Shawn waiting for
my dad to finish I'm a home
they found me to omelettes and this is
so yeah at least it's gonna hopefully be
gone by the time you girls are around
which is so sorry for the ugliness
hopefully we'll resume
we'll see you guys and
it's the grossest thing ever is we don't
flush the toilets I think you will go to
hell if you murder someone kill yourself
and don't flush the toilets I feel like
those are the three things I also need
your help in so gross
there was one girl who had a period it's
not flush it and now we want to eat and
that's all I'm gonna be thinking about
and then something else might number
tuna flush it I was like what is with
people are we Tammy's grossest thing
ever and there was an entire here I'm
gonna flush all your guys's shit not
your guys's but those guys are stems
leaves that little shit in there so
gross I'm so disgusted ill but just
don't do that think of all the things to
do in life don't do that shit
don't do it hey is that my favorite
place ever to eat
boy I love hitching so much I'm gonna
use these Copeland's but this is like my
final like Rob I find like meal because
I'm gonna do good this week so I'm gonna
get my kind of thought sugar that's what
I get here
are these lanterns are REME on mom
tangle the her pencil and I see your
life and it's like a double one more
like um Snoop Dogg you're like is cute
or something with these I don't know who
wears them some rapper Rosie's more
rapper that's all exhibit pant ma rock
speaking up at my ride my car's still
not done it's been like six weeks and
they said I'm twenty three weeks fresh
blah blah
hila eyes are way chest and she is so
cool and she watched my video so I told
her I'd give her a shout out so I was
really excited I was like oh and um so
if you guys are ever ready to make a
change did a good job because this never
comes out as the white one with no green
action spicy
bring your fire white rice and I have to
PF Changs a good job because they always
mess up my order if you have dings I was
like my dad I'm like I can't I can't
complain if it's wrong because she
watched my videos and I don't want to be
me and uh like but it's right so take
your job
smack you're probably not so pretty it's
all lit up for Christmastime my oh ma
you see what you
