oh my little camera I was gonna get
yelled at no I thought I was gonna
unless you asked me what it was
guys wrap tentacles in Temecula and we
got eggs bacon toast for and they have
the biggest desserts I've ever seen here
they have Rice Krispies the size in my
head and Symons side of my head and I
don't think I'll be able to eat them but
I want to get out cuz they're the most
amazing thing I've ever seen so I'll
share with you guys that my Cleveland
Jersey on today and we're gonna go play
poker so Thanksgiving fun day begin this
day too
this is what I'm getting when it's only
the biggest things I'm super I think we
are nice
no that's it
I'm good thank you that I'll have
holiday favorite jellybeans though they
do too late were already bringing up
their politics afer the cranberry sauce
eggnog and candy cane jellybeans with
giant cookie and the giant cinnamon roll
on the rice krispies literally the size
of my head because it's still
Thanksgiving so I thought why not but
like literally the size of my head like
biggest rice krispies ever so big I love
it um yeah I just took picture updates
because I think they're so amazing oh
yeah but I'm eating so much I'm so pale
I need a spray champ before my I'm doing
a music video shoots next week just not
be eating this before but Yolo Yello
we are very important go casino we're
really always having a program that runs
like shopping we're playing poker
just me my dad daddy daughter bonding so
wish me luck
it is a 7,500 guarantee a sample to make
the final table quick round yeah look by
the way are we living I know I already
said it but like a rock she living OTD
basics basic yeah it with my Adam okay I
can't even seem
with my Adam will play target
alright guys we're just leaving Pechanga
now we're gonna go eat we were there
like two hours no like two hours no long
time now we're gonna eat everything
again throughout but now it's bright for
the day to come so yeah someone asked me
who Joe Hayden was like what position
you played on the grounds I'm like oh I
think a wide receiver go to bed
Oh quarterback he said running back I
said I don't know corner that cool Oh
cornerback
he's the cornerback now I know I learned
something new Joe Hayden cornerback so
now here uh it's much oh my gosh guys we
are my favorite plays ever whenever I
come visit my dad we always go to this
place it's called the Phillippe's it's a
groundout Italian food it is so good
there are multiple Philippe's but this
is always the best I get this video
three sauce and garlic bread my old
stomping grounds so if you're ever in
Circulo this is the place to eat
inside that's the drink you're thirsty
so say - not a problem
oh yeah this is the game we've been a
loving of all the games I showed you
earlier yesterday this is one I'm loving
I got this off eBay it's called play it
again and it's so much fun you get these
giant like records and you like ask
questions I was like it's like song
there so it's not trivia as like song
lyrics we're just so much fun so I have
from different eras and that's what
we've been playing this whole weekend so
we're back to playing it before it the
movie starts hey guys so we are at the
movies now we're gonna go see the intern
at the discount theatre because there's
not really anything I didn't think that
anywhere else
so I brought my big cookie that I got
from earlier Chavez my little snack my
little treat whatever I love Robert De
Niro and I'm I'll bone the up because
it's so cool here and we're in the
middle of desert and it's still really
cold so a new hat because the whole hat
was cold so my ear muffs tomorrow dragon
but here we go
so excited so much fun we've been having
so much fun with word games at poker and
it's been really really cool so yeah
made a chili for a beer
beards along he was so good
I am so funny lots my butt out the whole
time no choice or something so simple so
lucky my face
