hey it is Thanksgiving morning feels
like my braids
graboids I just put this really funny
Instagram from seeing putting on it by
the way I know I was Thanksgiving and
I'm eating banana but I just I'm gonna
get too filled up on like lunch we're
not our traditional things to any people
we're just watch restaurants but and
we're going to sway down
I'm Jenny ho I'm selling a car so
doesn't my ride
damn Thanksgiving excuse me but this is
so funny so this morning my friend
Hughes came over and braids in my hair
because I'm gonna be gone for a few days
and I just wanted to be like easy I
don't have to like bus with so you
braided my hair for me
getting warm think we're gonna play
tennis by the way I'm wondering why I'm
dressed like a tennis pro over here
being like them Serena Williams but no
he posted this Instagram anyways they're
like freaking out okay so I called it
baby oj my little baby because everyone
who's like saying that on Instagram and
I don't really get it I still really get
it yes he's black and OJ Simpson's black
I don't know um I don't really get it
but people were saying baby Oh table and
so I posted it and some people think
it's like really funny and some people
think it's like really cute and some
people think it's really weird and some
people think it's really offensive and I
just love it because I'm like laughing I
just - all the response of it because I
just thought it was like a cute little
baby and I just let her be that funny
show you a picture but I kind of let the
response if you feel like what is this
what is she doing is she losing your
mind
right though so there's my little baby
Oh Jake he is not with me I'm a
neglectful mother so I'm not a mother
because I literally forgot him I thought
about bringing him so I would be like
really cute like bringing a baby Oh J
and my my limo but yeah I know it's like
so offensive but I think it's like funny
because like everyone was like thinking
about it but yeah I'm actually shooting
a little over there I'm in pain channel
7 I'm actually shooting a video my main
channel video actually has to go up like
really quick
you'll see that probably even before it
happened before you see this it's a
shame that so I'm multitasking which is
kind of nice kind of why I'm like by the
way I know you guys are probably like
why are you in such a ridiculously big
car for dish yourself and the answer to
that is I get really really carsick like
it's just a known fact like I am really
bad like I can't have someone drive me
long distance I can't do road trips
because I get really carsick and even in
uber as I get really carsick even and
the big ones I think that's a big hate
that it's still there it's so gross so
for me to say horizontal is a lot better
because I feel like I'm going with the
scenery rather than like either
thrusting forward or thrusting backwards
for me I know it sounds weird but it
just it makes it a lot better for my
stomach cause I can lay down and when I
lay down I feel like so much better and
I don't get carsick so I have a
Dramamine with me and my little beetles
lunch
you guys this is what I gotta stay
walking I'm gonna show you I can't
remember but I loved it so much it has
all my boys on Abbey Road which is one
my favorite he'll blow himself yeah so
that's what we're doing my little T is
out
I kept I mean they'll Starbucks tea in
here well it's actually 15 but I put
that in my Starbucks mug so I just kind
of make a mess wherever I go I guess
that my stuff everywhere
I say I stuff in the back of my tennis
track in the background this is a really
cute of speaking of meals and not really
but settle McCartney deciding to this
adidas thing and I love it so much and
the talking to is so pretty why I do
this often I can't be bothered on so
this is my Thanksgiving in a car I
realize that I would think the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade is I really
wanted to see something rotten perform
but I'm sure it'll be on YouTube I'm
such that music wise I really want to
see it I wouldn't go to New York and see
it so bad so anyways guys are having a
great day it's gonna be out for
Thanksgiving but hopefully we're ready
for the Christmas season but I thought
I'd take as long when spent Thanksgiving
Day with you guys so I'm having a
Thanksgiving dinner this one guy it's
like why am i giving some defiantly
literally gave us a little what is it so
tiny I guess it's for people watching
their weight in California here
literally look at how shiny it is okay
so we are loading up to go play tennis
now because there's only a little bit of
daylight left but oh my gosh guys I
realized what everyone was saying baby
Oh Jay because it's from Bruno cuz I'm
like Bruno her friends I was like oh my
god I totally forgot brouhaha baby so
that's my baby Oh J
it makes sense I thought I was so racist
so my followers is this pic baby okay
but I get it it's from which I guess
Bruno was meant to be offensive but I
thought that was like really funny some
oh my tennis rackets in the back and we
are going to go fat-ass so excited to
put my outfit to use him and loving this
outfit it's so cute
it's actually really comfortable like
flattering it's a sama her name IDs and
this is adidas like everything is adidas
basically except for my shoes those are
that's a head so they're looking for
those tennis circuits around mine and
we're gonna go exercise work out some of
that food
yes we are playing trying to get 10
that's our goal on this game but here's
the thing we're playing we're getting a
good workout in as I like to say so see
how it goes
mmm now I don't feel so bad about that
mini pom goodbye you guys
so we're at Lucille's now for dinner we
just have them playing tennis and I'm
starving super out Lucille's a little
bit from Target and some airborne cuz
it's cold and I feel like I'm gonna get
sick some around right genes illness
so freezing and I'm gonna start and it's
so close the food was so good
Thanksgiving face chewed done now it's
nice and cozy in fact so it's really
cold
we're gonna put some games we have Brock
and Rojas game trivia ha I hope so Oh is
Presley yeah that's why I brought him
and this one I got off eBay this one is
like from the 80s and sell like 50
sixties yeah I figured how to play these
first because they're brand new I don't
know why I am so we'll figure it out but
I think we're gonna start at the Elvis
because yeah who do you thinks gonna win
between you and me for Elvis who do you
thinks gonna win between you and me
fellas no because we that like the Elvis
fan I feel like you probably would have
but maybe you forget some things but
this is that and there's my little
goodies over there
so yeah more family fun time and I got
my Beatles last pops I'm gonna see the
official switch bag which is from the L
Lion linked up below as well you can get
this back or you can get your own custom
bag from there I have a code of a 10% up
of course I cannot wait for Shane to get
my pajamas and put some lotion my hands
are so dry the solutions everything this
is definitely gonna go in my December
favorites and then there's I found from
Shannon roses favorites these little
like eye things from your eyes some
can't wait to do that look at baby Trish
so long so that's me right there forever
ago medieval times go in since the Venus
