morning guys I'm wearing my Merry
Christmas shirt by the way get these at
your penis at about.com I feel like it's
a mix between like Dolly Parton in me
and I loved it so much but it doesn't
know makeup kind of day and I'm just so
like I don't even do my hair but I'm so
like bummin but we were so hungry so I
am playing Uncle Mike's engines back in
but I just did no rock in the short hair
another day
yeah we are gonna go eat some breakfast
at this place called sweet butter in
Sherman Oaks which I have never been to
but the other day I was in this area and
I saw it and a lot of people talked
about it so I was like we should try
that because it's kind of like a little
bit not too far but it's like maybe 20
minutes from me so I was like we should
try it I don't even know what it was
like I feel like I'm breaking out all
your batter my skin breaking out so bad
knows Drew's so good probably cuz I keep
touching out like that
anyways I was kidding yeah she said the
night last night after feeding the Beast
which was so good I don't even know if
we talked about how good it was it was
so so good and we looked up a lot of the
people in the cast a lot of who hadn't
done a lot before they show meaning like
they're kind of newbies Whisperer for me
and they were so good there's my mommy
in the same outfit in the same outfit um
we're going to breakfast no it's just
been everywhere too bad
except I'm in a different Alvin zone
there you have it oft at least actually
we got to the place we're eating and
there's famine opera any I mean to a my
favorite place so you know it's going to
be a good day here's a better look at my
shirt and if I showed you guys yet but I
have my new focus both this and my
church thinks that scratch it out and
I've been racking my lips deville and
Bay which I love so much it so rapidly
but we ended up coming to a different
place than we originally intended
because the sweet wetter place was a bus
you have to get outside and you have to
order at the counter I like get ready to
sit down and piss order so that's where
we're at bigger like my friend sure you
guys were chowing down and I didn't show
you so it's like a happy in breakfast
and the eggs bacon water chowing down so
many friends I think we're on purpose
you can show you something
well we're well think of my name
Kennedy me me yeah Lennon was so cute
that way like I'm actually getting hit
by the way um he's in my cart okay so
what the movie is and it's starting in
40 minutes but they won't turn out 20
minutes 20 minutes and they won't let us
see and well I think we just look at our
food or go to the bathroom and she's
like no I can't
right here at Universal yeah that's a
party became gold I know
Oh we're here having to pee but can you
go to the restroom Universal CityWalk
stupid song I'm 40 bucks it come on the
game and to eat I tried to have the one
away okay we just have a home game mom
had never seen it before when did you
think of it mom where you can be your
home movies don't you have my mom taking
a picture right there I didn't have the
first don't like okay thanks for the
picture booth at karaoke
oh wait I love those what is that for
real I love these things
oh my gosh yeah but it's like wait you
get it I don't get it do you get to see
your video of yourself
please write into recording in session
my god we should do it
okay we will commit oh I know
all right so we went in to go record my
glass warehouse Marcus the first episode
put on headphones like we look at each
other like and you go do la arena do we
have to kneeling probably to hear the
music and then we're like okay that's
out there we just laugh yeah just like
yeah we're done we're going bad yeah
that's this story and lice is the worst
thing ever and it's so gross cuz it's at
little bugs well even in your bed got to
do your bed sheets and yeah so we're
like not worth it what's of an idea by
them on my headphones on yeah that's so
stupid
that's unsanitary CityWalk
Raymond Williams movie moms like what if
it blows up and like my mom just
watching Hunger Games thinking that's
blowing up shout-out to Paola Paola my
lane who can't picture my mom should I
get going around like headless girl
leave the picture okay think of life and
that concludes date night with llama we
have my new single girl night hey guys
let me know what I should name a new
baby in the comments below
