hey guys look at my new haircut on you
your cut
let me see if you can see the back
because the back is like they'd like you
to buy my little angel gave me a haircut
and my hair felt so much better now it's
like all like one like like well not one
length but like there's no split um um
mommy and it's taking oh my gosh I knew
of you kind of crazy on that weekends no
no no no what do we go out we just got
lined up for the mummy is here we are
going to lunch at City Walk
we're pre makeup for tonight's date mmm
P makeup yes we're going to be TV
tonight we need to finish like that
twinning we're both Kylie Jenner today
and I got my Jeb Bush shirt on from the
70s love it no one likes to have anyway
and I put up a video saying I'm like
everyone knows Jeb's a joke so it's like
obviously it's a joke and then I have my
guys look I have a crystal rain that
Joey like found for me and went
Christmas shopping this is rose quartz
by the way this crystal brings in love
to your life and then I pyrite in rose
quartz on my bracelets and pyrite is for
a success and like longevity in your
career and then another rose quartz for
more love well this is the energy then
this one magnifies the energy to
everyone around me so if you're in my
radius you get it to do you feel it you
guys I love this crystal thing like I'm
not even kidding like I'm kind of up
sighs yeah because they clear it like
okay we want real crystals shop and they
like clear the energy so you can't touch
my crystals because then the energy will
pick up there but like but this will
radiate this this radiates to CERN on
people the bigger the crystal the bigger
tradies but this magnify is it so it
radiates to like people within like six
feet of me and if you choose Berkeley um
Danielle was saying like yeah it is and
it's sparkling a little bit
YUM it's my crystal somewhere on
kryptonite no it's all positive all
crystals are positive and loving and
maybe we're gonna get trapped some love
now with these rose quartz I'm so much
of it so
anyways that's what we're doing today
where we eating at the resting place I
mean it Mexican kind of good craze and
chips and salsa I can't I can't even
stop looking because my hair is so like
healthy like it's all like one look at
that that's crazy
I'm like obsessed with it do we like it
I just feel light it just feels light it
feels easy John Lennon please baby oh my
god Zoolander is coming out doctor
change the subject but I am so excited
when is it let me help
no no now healer was out already oh it's
not now though I'm excited to see that
too right yeah I want to see that I
don't see that will fare along with Mark
Wahlberg that's out wish you'll see
movie tomorrow or so hot so I'm
overseeing viewing these tonight so this
is our pre like going out cat I don't
think whoever done this usually when we
go out at night we're like kind of like
low-key during the day but I felt like I
want to get out so yeah but I'm doing so
Marsha show yeah it's true my mom might
be working soon so I'm trying to get as
much time with her yes you need to go
subscribe to Atlanta PETA she's making
videos and working it's crazy
my mom used to work at City Walk right
here I said walk guys somewhere to sing
oh my gosh our mom's like my old
stomping grounds used to work on the
studio a tour was where she's to work no
I told you oh you don't tell people work
mom she's crazy
who's my favorite sugar place I love
that place
so where we got our sweaty bald you
should go and do another and those were
good for you that 1-20 ball retired the
bean boozled challenge
nothing oh right where's the I do the
bean boozled challenge right there's no
contract which i think is so nasty
so oh my god wait I think me and Matthew
are up here yeah from a long time ago
my ex-boyfriend did one of these things
way from from like five years ago I like
cute them funny oh my god that's so cute
so we went to Camacho's this place I had
one chip and I think oh my god much
better than El Torito already this is
the place
nachos Cantina and eat some nachos I
have my Beatles necklace - JLo oh my
gosh our lunch I know that looks so it's
a little chopped chicken out spicy we
have our nacho over and it's India
minami PD mom you excited to eat it we
are here at Universal Studios in Burbank
but they always say Hollywood my mom
here we got a little baby tree we got a
little baby Grinch which looks like my
sister and that's why we got it back did
she text back yet right it's not any my
sunglasses they're my purse without oh
yeah it's already printed appropriate
now oh my gosh that's so funny no we
just came to eat and we're gonna get
past this for a free parking cuz we're
coming to Grinch miss next week but me
up baby Grinch what else we get oh we
got some goodies you guys will see it in
the home again there's CityWalk
you say that like yeah we're done now
city lock front way baby Grinch here
yeah let's go here's a little praying
apples on her I kinda want this it's so
cute
oh these are my mom's little turkeys you
made on your channel I only got a little
pink and there's little being
okay we had to come into this popcorn
storing it popcorn you guys know let's
carry this but can actually get a Big
Apple what is on there
I'll take that ones to go to go yeah
don't want if you want it looks pretty
insane
he's what I mean this whole place is hot
groans couples they draw you in hey guys
we are in route now to beauty in the
Beast goodbye now right we're a little
more chipper we're a little more peppy
I'm not dressed themed I'm dressing like
this jumpsuit things cute I'm excited
yeah so good good one because my teeth
because I'm wearing dark but we are
early birds we are here at the Pantages
early on we're here so early there I
understand but we wanted to do pictures
and videos there's
the W there's movies
no my mama being bougie
I wanted you if that could have been me
this is the person I haven't dressed
even I don't feel like I don't feel like
myself without being themed by everybody
it is a tonde he's like
he's like oh you're that girl who meets
a man yeah like it's me and he's like
the one that does gymnastics like oh no
that's that's not me he's like doing
that regime gymnastics thing really no I
don't think so see what it is over there
and they're so happy so we may take a
gander on down but Hollywood Boulevard
Saturday night date with my mommy all
right guys we just got out of the show
what did you think of it mom if she
liked us and we love Gaston - he's on
Twitter and he looked I looked him up oh
really
none of them had a followings on Twitter
but it was really really good this is it
you no longer hear the pandita's but if
you see it on tour it is so so good and
they would not let you take pictures it
was very weird every time I go to the
Pantages oh my food every time you go to
the Pantages they always let you take
pictures but they mate or someone delete
their picture but she found me
afterwards I'm glad we got a picture so
if you guys saw me and took a picture
and another little girl took a picture
and take me in it I'll follow you any
thoughts
oh yeah why go in there oh my can
there's thousands of people oh my gosh
okay you should not go that's play ever
best play ever it was really good and
I'm gonna go home and relax and sleep
that too so I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog today I'm ending it properly once
again so as always obviously Haider at
Marianas until next time Jorma kissies
up from Hollywood for my little babies
mmm everyone hope you enjoyed this vlog
be sure to keep up with me on my other
social medias Instagram and Twitter I
met Richard paid us I'm also on Facebook
at official Trisha Paytas and snapchat
treasurer on YT also you can get my
Trish merch and this bond case you see
here at Trisha Paytas Spreadshirt calm
and for those of you who don't know I
actually have a main channel youtube.com
slash blunts on ballot for MJ where I do
sit down videos and I post every single
day so I'll link that below love you
guys
