I can't find shoes anywhere I've been
filming videos on morning and I put on
my outfit to go out for the day I have
this little Tiger two-piece number on
let me just show you guys it's on
derives from the quadrature dress it's a
two-piece it's like a skirt and like a
top and they don't match exactly but
they're cute and I love it but I don't
know what shoes to wear with this and I
can't find any shoes like anywhere so
I'm trying to find some shoes and I
don't think I'm gonna find them in here
because these are all more dressy I feel
like though you know what these might
actually have to work I feel like
they're super dressy but it's a special
occasion you guys I am having my first
outing today with mr. Joey Graceffa I am
so excited he's um and I'm like really
I'm also Wei Lee I am so excited you
guys oh by the way I'm so distracted
because princess hello guys I am super
super excited because I should hang out
with Joey a few times now and I'm like I
love him he's he is the nicest person
like you will ever meet like it's so
nice but not only that he's so smart and
intelligent when he talks and I didn't
like I'm surprised but you know he's
good-looking he's funny he's silly he's
goofy on YouTube but he's so smart too I
love him so much and I'm so excited that
we are actually going on an outing today
cuz usually we just like hang at my
house and stuff but we're doing an
outing today we're actually filming a
collab which I'm so excited about like
when you meet youtubers sometimes you're
just like cool people you really just
don't even care about filming but since
we you know have the same job in hobby
it's like cool that we get to do that
too like we get to film and I don't know
so I'm gonna hang out with him today
he's actually picking me up which is
also very sweet because oh let me get my
big big engagement ring on which is also
very sweet because my car has been in
the shop so it's very nice like he's
coming to pick me up I told him I look
all over to you or like you know over to
the recording shopping and you guys will
see what we're going shopping for in a
second but mmm I love Joey and I love
you like I came here as a joy in
honestly
hey guys look alright so ah mister I'm a
sarcastic bitch and I'm I make jokes and
I'm like at people's expenses and stuff
like that and I have in the past about
Joey but
I was a hateful bitch and I was also a
sarcastic bitch in a troll back in the
day where I just like to say stuff for
attention but I need a lot of youtubers
and I don't ever feel like this like
sort of bond but there is a certain bond
I don't know what it is it's almost like
a brother-sister bond in a way like we
kind of lived parallel lives in a sense
it's very crazy but I love Joey is the
point of this like I I tell them all the
time like I'm just like you're just so
cool and different than what I ever
would have imagined which just goes to
show don't never judge people by their
cover and also don't judge people just
by videos you see on YouTube because
there are so many more layers to people
that allow him say that you may never
know either that they don't show or that
you just have to actually get to know
the person in person to know it's it's
an amazing thing and he's a great guy
and I'm so excited that I met him and I
think I'm gonna go to his house to film
and he's a dog so wish me luck on that
you know that you really love someone
when you go to their house and they have
a dog cuz I'm terrified of dogs so we'll
see how that goes this was a minute
member favorites and let's look at these
you're done
I'm sage have some bros burn guys are
the Christmas guys oh my gosh we just
cleared shop we check everything
oh my god okay we're helping you I
literally spent so much money but I feel
like it's gonna bring me more money and
live Joey and Danny here they come here
all the time this is my first time so
excited you're my blog by the way like
right here my blog in real life oh my
god with the name of your book there's
the you shower there's the unicorn so
magical I love it so close so we have
some crystals and that's gonna be enough
video coming outside yeah okay at the
99-cent store for Joey's video and I'm
getting like this candy I just found
that girl's just looking stuff possible
but they actually what cute stuff here
I've never been to Megan's I'm sorry so
this is what I got a little sneak peek
of our Daniel like is helping me he's
like Care Bears trash by the way we
think trash originated with Daniel right
so it's getting towards the end of the
night I just got dropped off by mr. Joey
and mr. Daniel and I had such an amazing
time with them just about to get ready
to edit I was just boring and you guys
don't wanna see that book we filmed some
really funny videos for Joey in my
channel which I'm really excited about
my crystals are upstairs but Joe we got
me a friendship crystal which was the
nicest thing like it was it was so nice
amount so much I'm gonna wait to
actually put the crystals out until they
come on Sunday then I put sage around my
house and then they're gonna put sage
they're gonna sage the crystals so to
clean them and like clean the energy and
stuff
but I had so much fun and I feel so
happy and blessed and like oh my god I
like so crazy it's like getting
emotional makaras like stop being so
emotional just like I really love you
guys thank you guys so much for being
such a good friends like we talked about
we dinner um I just loved it I just love
just a love that I'm very blessed and
fortunate and she ain't hung out with
them a lot and he was like really close
sounds at them so it was really nice
like he introduced me to them because
they're really great people and they
just make me happy and they make my
spirits really happy and I just love you
guys and if you're watching um Joey and
Daniel I love you guys so much and um
it's just it's crazy sometimes like the
connections you make with people and
like the people you would kind of expect
it to have such awesome friendships for
himself I'm really excited I'm actually
gonna add our video now because I like
to edit the videos right away because
you know I'm excited about them like I
like to and as soon as I do a video
because I love watching them back like
in the moment because I feel like you
know in a week or something you're just
like I don't know you like just forget
about like the energy of the video and
how great it was and I feel like if
you're editing in good spirits and good
energy than the video comes out good I
don't know my Energy's not right
so yeah I'm in my pajamas and this is my
little target yuma's huh and another
thing so sexy ones like Otis you don't
worry those like do I like these are the
few this is like a one pair or maybe I
pick two pairs of videos that have like
very much boobage that are actually
comfortable for me so it was a great
night I'm very fortunate for friends
right now so thanks Joey and Daniel for
the awesome day and driving around
everywhere that we drove so many places
that was so sweet
I don't have my car at the moment but
when I get my car won't pick you guys up
and take you around town because it was
actually like really the one of the
nicest things I had a really fun day so
I'm glad you guys got to come on the
journey and there was my first name
vlogging with Joey and Danielle and it
was really really fun you know cuz the
first time see hang out you're like you
don't need me like you always feel like
we're but I wasn't even friends and
you're just like this is what we do
we're vlogger is it's like really really
cool I had a really fun time waiting
across gene of course and Gerald's like
we miss them we talks about them I think
Sunday
um I think we're gonna go pick out chop
out down a Christmas tree that should be
interesting I'm excited about that but
we'll see how that goes but I love you
guys so much and I never probably end
vlogs really anymore but I'm gonna end
this one because it's great and I'm
gonna wrap it up put a little bow on it
I love you so much thank you for
watching up always I want to say hi to a
tree honest and it's like saying here
Mikey sees three little baby fish in
fact guys
