those potatoes about two guys breakfast
near breakfast please and it looks so so
good
I got a bacon over maybe outside
potatoes scrambled eggs that wasn't
talking about yeah you didn't get the
combo he said you ordered off the olive
cart and then everyone in the club
are you talking about the combo okay you
don't funny good I'm busted today and we
seen a pants may you go Glen Coco bumps
up my sister's light up yeah whatever I
can't light it up here yes my sister got
her little Algernon
from Fuji places I don't know and then
we are going to confess but it's on
French West not to the summer fete but
we're going to yeah we're gonna go see
the festivities anyways because my
sister was already up we'll just see how
it goes Kenny looks like a fool with
their little eyelashes gonna take off
you look beautiful
thank you so we're gonna eat and then
get some crepes and pancakes for dessert
because this is what this place know for
my sister suggested this place so see
how cool
well that's of the mean housing that's
been a long time
I'm getting so it's not all over the
road then so he oh I love it was already
there
no I don't know what this is
no it's already up I thought the castles
oh yeah the silk saying look at this
guy's sword
whatever that is
oh the ball that's a really cool oh this
is warm it's good to cool out by this I
love that thing oh my gosh there it
isn't the light we saw it at whore night
sweats here in the light that is fall oh
my gosh
that is so cool that is like it's so so
cool oh my god I want to go ahead and
like right now look at these Donuts so
funny Maryland yeah I think it's so cute
I love it
my sister said she's already like in
line for like no don't take the vlog
experience of the studio to her you love
my festive hands
New York Street literally pretty pretty
cool in suburbia in a porno stereo the
call said your left hand side belongs to
like a table on Cornish you played got
real core eastern Indonesia want me to
NBC telenovelas very briefly
Bart mrs. George
rich missus coming up they're getting
ready for you
I think eyes we just want all this to
her and the big finale
is something we never ever been on the
past in the Furious right alright it was
so cool we were so excited and then it
stops breaks in the middle bit like oh
no so then he get stirred again have to
go through this whole thing like this
long intro breaks again third time we go
through it breaks before we even get
started on there I like it was so sad
the line pass for one ride so we got to
use a wise name and I guess I really
want to stand there right on it because
I've never been ever I'd been on it
before but now we're going through
Springfield that's right we got we're
going back Harry Potter
oh yeah good call
