oh my gosh you guys I was filming a
video and my power went out and it
scared the crap out of me I mean
grinning it straightened a time but my
power went out and I don't know if it's
like like I don't think I was a circuit
thing you think cuz it's so windy so now
I'm dealing with that like I'm just uh
I'm just uh my friend coming over cuz
we're gonna do another video together
but I don't know now cuz my thing and my
sister and my mom are supposed to come
over later and we're just do a cooking
video but my I don't think my ovens
working well I guess my gas stove oh
it's just it's just a nightmare I don't
want to like start to film something
something crazy happened so like
basically my heats not working
I mean grand I'm in this but like my
heats not working I'm my stoves not
working but I am in my Marilyn glam
shade you guys like it I like the retro
I've been doing retro I mean I'm not
very retro II like now but retro glam
I'll just show you guys something we're
on a walk we're on a mission I got this
like wedding gift sent to me it's really
funny got like poor your wedding day
I'll show you guys I'll explain in a
second this is my gift for my wedding so
I got in the mails like for your wedding
day and I'm like Mary what the heck I
know what it is to order it off I see
and I guess the Etsy shop was like a
bridal shop and so that's what that is
but I just makes me feel really bad when
you're single
you're not even close to getting married
like here for your wedding day you're
like but not by choice this but my mom
saw this and she's like oh you're
getting married and I'm like yeah I'm
getting married mom that's what I'm
doing I'm getting married didn't tell
you but a wedding guest um-hmm maybe
maybe it's a sign that I will be getting
married who knows I doubt it
you guys we just finished doing DIYs we
did these for my channel I'm gonna be
for my sister's Channel and it's so fun
because I never do DIYs my sister loves
doing them on her channel so we came
over and did um um I guess in C can you
show me you know and yeah
this was her brainstorm her quick ideas
she found them and everything and went
Ellen's got all the ingredients so I
really like thank you for doing that
you're welcome
not used to it yeah I love them some
hydrogen glad we did that we didn't know
if we're gonna see each other day and
why we did and just did it
otherwise we've been putting it forever
so this is aftermath all our little
cleanup yeah but and my sister's a
little sweater it's so fucking cute and
I love it on my mom over there yeah I'm
ready for our trip collab are you not
talking are you silent today okay you go
your bird flap your wings mom does that
bit okay by the way this is Geoffrey
star Anna Nicole Smith color on my lips
just for anyone wanting to know and wild
facts sure
