okay very strong just kidding which is
good yeah but not too sweet you'd better
sweetie we had to go to bounce point one
day this is like my favorite brewery
there's one near my dad's house and
there's one San Diego - look the
difference between me and Jason at noon
on a Wednesday like a full-on beer this
was a little coffee you're such a dad
I'm such a frat boy I don't know excited
and I'm so excited I'm so relaxed
oh no wait did we do that we might have
decided not to go to Vegas which was
awesome just go see 50 shades of grey
it's so much fun to shoot Street sorry
great we had dinner by next - all right
good movie theater which was really cool
was really a bet that means lots me
being like close I like that idea
yeah yeah okay I love that simple things
for you - so totally stinking thing is
you can both dinner and a movie and I
was like oh
no no it's date night and the restaurant
was two feet away from the movie theater
how amazing is that
oh it's so beautiful Jason so gorgeous
today okay leave it in the comments if
you get excited about things like that
he was so excited to do well the reason
I was like excited about it was because
like we'd never do like simple date
night said we're always planning
something like crazy stuff like let's
get a tattoo or something and like - it
was just like really simple and cute and
we didn't rough and we didn't have like
to go anywhere to film spends our hats
how and I was like that's a good time so
then at one point right after we got the
popcorn we're walking in your hope
they're really good mood we're both very
very very happy at this point this is
really going to be really fun for Trish
you're watching and then at the same
exact moment Tris goes I'm so excited oh
yeah I go literally I think sexy my
exact same oh sure we create a tweet I
know we're walking down like oh my god
I'm so excited relax we did it so bad
we're recruiting by that we're doing for
my channel yours I'm so excited bout
this today we're recruiting by and which
I could not be more excited about I did
this machine my first video is Shane I
recreated scenes from his movie he did
called smiling I was a huge fan of it
like before I even knew she and I
watched Miley and I was like because my
ex Roger wasn't and I but Shane was in
it too and I was like can we recreate
scene so his first feature film yeah we
totally sketch the guy who does like the
thinning and stuff now and it was before
I met him and he's like what should we
do for your channel and I was like
really nervous task is like I just like
recreating things with people who like
did something you know to me it sounds
like let's really like Shannon recreated
silent stay with you you're a painter
we're gonna recreate your times it's
very cool actually I'm so funny like
it's kind of nostalgic it's like if you
were on like chips and we were creative
chips because it's like old you know
and we're bringing it back do you get it
like vintage like we should do them like
in a house your house put it at my house
well I guess we need to pick your finds
out yeah this could be so much fun I'm
so excited
like if you dad your house other people
want to be a part of it and we can't let
anyone else be a part of it this is our
theme this is our revival no Brandon cuz
I'm playing him if he comes to these
vines and just like you guys are
recruited vines yeah though - how's your
Brandon impression I haven't showed you
yet cuz I've been honing it but really
yeah I've been really worried I can do
an impression of you too but I'm not
gonna do it yeah I gotta get more done I
love you when I talk about you it's like
my mom my sister you did yeah pretty
good I love you so much I love you too
you look so beautiful do you look so
good guys just gonna show you these
pants he doesn't do it justice no look
look at those hands that oh yes look at
his thighs his knees look in his fans he
looks like he's 18 years old your guys
are so thick say that then people really
dresses like he's 18 he's a loser loser
I saw Diane you can look at on that's a
dope the other day on hell anyway Diane
Keaton is my number one lesbian fashion
I just know she go down on a girl so
good and same I love her she's like my
ultimate girl crush I don't know she
seems just like a yeah she just seems
like down just a super sexual for age I
like so I was like my like sex and stuff
and like I love this she talks about it
a lot like still a and she's super open
about it you know what making it was his
first why I spun have you ever seen it
you have do you love it I like her in
any game like really hot and they're
both in that movie Bette Midler is like
yeah why do you say it like that it's
just that he loved me such a chicken I
love meat is did you ever know
where you are the wind my
maybe they wish you weren't public now
we're in public
yeah we're taking away the coffee I like
you better tired I do love that though
baby are so cute when you sing thank you
Miss Bobbye bad guys don't worry I can't
believe she took Jesus coffee no I
thought about that without thinking of
it oh you guys don't worry we're getting
carrot cake we've already established
that no I don't want to hear anything
you're so evil
we love carrot cake that's 100 gone over
no one likes carrot cake the one juice
in the pile of hair I think I don't know
what do you think this is I can't just
be eating character yeah Froese big
muscles in your arms you think these
jeans look so good as a doughnut but
your thighs to be even thicker in them
and then I would get real turn on decent
bed thick thighs he's not like that
Thanks I love your thighs even when I
like you don't have your pants on when I
think wow those guys hate repeating
vines it'll be a lot work here if you
guys started looking at the vines fine
are you down to do it I'm gonna do it
it's really funny I like it a lot
I'm a good idea maker I think I might
recreate some of your fight something
brother I have some young and people I
love in yesterday you know why arawa cuz
I wanted to look dr. Chad Johnson there
you did or what oh I see nice overall
yeah I love Chad what you do I still see
him and Brandi so he just played kind of
like the villain on the first show right
I'm The Bachelor ya know that was that
was kind of what I thought I was like
that seems way too amped up to me anyone
would be like okay was a bachelor√≠s
every big brother yeah yeah bachelor he
just like want to fight everybody and he
told a girl that she wasn't that cute he
was like kind of crazy is but that made
him famous and got all these shows like
famously singles under Big Brother like
before it's kind of impressive cuz he
wasn't even the bachelor he was just
like one of the guys on The Bachelor
yeah and so because he said an asshole
like Jimmy Kimmel like II on Holi shows
so smart and that's something but rather
moved like really bonded because we were
like really close and stuff like that
and then brandy do oh my god this is
yours oh my gosh oh my gosh that looks
so good thank you so much oh my gosh
thank you dad's gonna end up getting
carrot cake with oh my God look at that
cream cheese you guys are you kidding me
oh my god this looks so bad
oh my God look at all the walnuts and
the cinnamon so yeah I missed you eating
it do you love em so good right Erica
this is like really good fair cake it's
so good I have a carrot cake mr. long
it's like moist and we get if you see
coconut juice
are you kidding no I'm are you serious
are you kidding
why might want to try it we don't have
to eat all that we should try maybe the
coconut for the vlog no we can't I'm
gonna get it
they got two cakes quick retitle we ate
- Kate - Kate places oh my god ah
two grown adult eating two kings license
that's insane it would be like I'd be
like really old person's channeling I'll
be us in 50 years you in 40 years
so we vlogging then what are you done
parrot cake and coconut cake so
Wednesday
happy two-and-a-half week anniversary
babe this is our celebration oh really
yeah thank you thank you
all right I'm going to try to get this
to you do you more frosting person or
more than a person I like a little bit
of both
we came to workout we're just eating two
cakes
pretty good sale which is such a
different flavor than carrot cake that's
pretty good um
and the cake is pineapple it is like
white with mine apple you love it
this is why I want you to get it because
there's no way I can walk away which one
is better
no yeah honey it's a little more moist
the flavor of this is really good though
I love that one too I'm just treating
with flavors Paul cream cheese frosting
JJ so you have a move on channel you're
so good at eating
that's not cream cheese what is that
that's like cake frosting with coconut
oh really that looks the same oh yeah
that's like cream cheese that's why
that's that's why this is dry
this had that good fat really good
frosting maybe that's why right just
just dry anyway it's also cold it's good
though it is good that the cake
no pun intended what did you say did you
say takes the cake no pun intended is
reading cake I don't know to comedic
penises at the table right here just you
know hate when I leave food on the port
we said that in Hawaii videos cuz I
didn't take the whole bite and like
that's so gross that you leave food on
the fork of my way I know I have a bite
Kevin call me and show me how perfect I
mean now see you have I leave food on
the fork we share saliva sometimes you'd
be better
what is that what are you eating is that
the cuties of that just rusting I didn't
like it better than frosting so I think
that's why I work at you oh we signed up
for musically guys follow some music
week so I'm gonna start musically - I
thinking about coming musically stars
are you on it well yeah I just I just I
just we've got to see if there was
something so good to see you on
musically follow us I'll link below our
musically depends be there another fun
date we're at Santa Monica Pier this is
like our trap our vlogs is now we're how
to take a day out in LA because we have
the best days ever I feel like this is
pretty cute this is a great place for a
day it's kind of cheap nothing what do
we want to go on the shark teeth I love
it it's so cute should we go on spinners
or the Pharaohs bears was working in I
wanted a ferris wheel but instead it was
scary and they don't see balls which is
a little like concerning
better oh I wasn't drop for acute data
festival workout to walk but now I'm
like crazy like hiking like seven mile
you know what I mean I'm kind of over it
but I wish I look cuter
should we ride the ferris wheel or no
how do you do it here we go I took at
once
oh wait that's it I was getting ready to
tell your old dance sequence waist down
he how old this towel do you think this
person has waist down no he's not 18
he's actually 44
I can't see my mommy
okay it's one of the pairs going on much
better I was really scared he's
literally just taking pictures of music
hang on you guys this is like swinging a
lot now and I'm like kind of nervous
this is so cute by his leg he looks so
good right now we look like we're in a
movie
this is very tilted really tilted right
now moving do that
Oh Oh baby you're bound to come jump on
it you have a bad idea
Wow if you do dad you're gonna save this
you look so sexy come to sign the
Lighting's by the same wow you look J
you don't like I know people think
you're here like eventually I'm not even
being kind of funny like I this is like
I think the sexiest year your shirt is
fitted your pants are super fitted you
dope hip shoes on your hair is amazing
right now
like I've just never seen you look
hotter everybody on entire life like I
don't understand you're just really sexy
sometimes I think there's more
relationship someone's opinion afraid
really way that's a weird thing to say
I would like me are you think you're yes
that's the best kiss I've ever had in my
life
you're fine you're fine you're not oh my
god okay there's all kinds of
that makes me feel so good that you
think that I'm like joke I'm like so
into you like you're so sexy like you're
just gorgeous on so many levels like I
just I can't get over okay you know
you're sexy I've seen girls I hit on you
thir instagrams all young hot chicks
that guy literally woke up this morning
it was like I think I could get my whip
I can't believe you're mine but it was
really it looks like you're like you you
you succumb more easily to me this is I
like
baby pour me some more
I feel like
a breeze
yes hey guys oh I wish I was vlogging my
first trick my first ring was actually
better but this drink is pretty good
these are our photos that we took at the
pier
does she cool they give you three
separate light strips which is pretty
cool my hair looks so crazy today I am
NOT brushed it or washed in so long but
we just posted pictures right this place
but it's a place call babe
hello what is called Trisha Jason it is
you always like this interested in me
was this place called I'm sorry can we
back up a second here what you always
look this interested in me I'm just
interested with you yes guys right now
for some Christian Grey shit on you hmm
and tell you what there do what I say
boy why do the Red Room I really am
disinterested in here you I don't have
the camera on you cuz I was ready to
vlog and you're just like looking at
your phone like so disconnected you just
spent like 15 minutes air-dropping
photos to yourself talking about you
know just out here throwing but I wasn't
staring at it DMing people I wasn't
dealing anyone
I haven't said one DM have your gun
no you won't like it diet no it's both
it'll bring your numbers
what don't like that kind of dumb
Patricia
let's talk about
how much
okay I think that subject how's your
drink thank you to change the topic
you said that was our discussion okay
well you guys see how much now he said
that was our discussion that's not
talking that's not describing how much
you love me this is not the cutest thing
I will tell you because Jason
I guess does not want to tell you his
true feelings on camera he Sam
there's nothing annoying about you
nothing about you annoys me it was like
the sweetest thing because I feel like
I'm so annoying you know what I like
about you you know you don't you never
you never brag and you never feel the
need to like you never feel a need to
like like we just met someone who who
works with Mark Wahlberg and like
another person some people that I know
my life not relationships or whatever it
would feel the need to be like
you you could have said something our
4x4 some work stuff right you didn't
feel the need to be like oh yes well I
yeah and most people would that like you
never do that you never like to your own
horn or anything like that so I find
that very that's like I would would find
that annoying but you don't do that at
all same about you though you've been so
every time they find out jobs like
Jason's where he never talked about
stuff ever in the past we've been so
much cool stuff and I don't know why you
never tell all the stuff you've done it
was like just a blogger no but you're so
talented in yourself and wished you are
you done this your whole life
ladies you're gonna make a morning talk
show you guys big announcement that's my
clique they are Beyonce well we we
talked about this but I think we'd be
perfect more top shelf however getting
on ABC is not the easiest thing in the
world by that we create our own YouTube
channel and would you like a morning
talk show it's like a podcast but we
would like film it do you like listen to
it or we don't know where the podcast
would be but then we'd put the video up
on YouTube right yeah I've done and
Julian does it didn't figure that every
day good about the morning does it every
day - whoo good mythical morning what
Bret means you don't have that oh I know
it they have a huge podcast husband with
good morning and they do it every day
- never huge that now I mean they're
making a bank off of it like they have
built it up so big
I think we'd be really good because we
could we didn't talk a lot to each other
and I feel like we're interesting
exactly I'm good I'm street doesn't
chemistry yeah no I can register if you
just said like I don't break up I'm I
just think I can break about was like
pretty interesting listen I'm not gonna
lie cuz I know a lot of work people I'm
pretty fascinating and pretty fun to be
around right now I know I'm a fun time
that's the one thing I have problems and
everything else I think it was big piece
of shit but like you are fun
I mean I'd you know I have a personality
because of my only thing that's got me
by in life all right morning talk show
what's the main you guys your you guys
are getting in on the brainstorm second
if you think it's fun see what was the
name beat up for that one call it
like that that's kind of basic morning
boner morning wood morning would you
want to listen to our podcast morning
would you like to morning would you like
to listen to our files are pretty funny
I like that actually warning would do
you like more session Jason's my turn on
sponsors that's Jack what is funny
it's gonna be hard didn't make a clean
one trying to make a clean podcast to
because everything I do is so dirty and
I never get good sponsors I want a clean
channel so we can get the premium ads
the premium sponsorship so we have to
make it kind of clean it's just so hard
it's actually harder to clean
cuz I'm saying it's harder to be clean
because we just talked about morning
what and I wanted to make a comment
about art but right we need something
like good mythical morning if you're
supposed to always laugh at my jokes I
get a joke and I'm gonna ride it through
and you're supposed to laugh every time
more we're gonna do it at my house are
wearing yeah the how about the talk
there yeah one of those days are the
view like that edgy today
later with Carson Daly you call it that
I don't know I don't know I don't have
any good titles boy how about this
morning morning good morning good good
morning how about just good morning good
morning good morning america good
morning YouTube good morning good
morning about good morning West
Hollywood how about good morning West
Hollywood about we be broader babe
California talk show how about the
Californian Patricia Patricia and Jason
shad kiss podcast hey blog wieners have
some drinks at Casa Del Mar and Santa
Monica the dad Jason is going to guess
but he's not gonna gas the gas is then
pumped
ah
hey babe Oh
let's dig into the trash
huh well boom tum tum
oh my god yeah I mean you said you were
gonna kill me in like three so just to
be safe
oh my god you guys up dead it sucks
he got me killed oh my gosh
open door hey babe look at this I could
actually cry right now
oh my god we do it wait what do you what
I can't sit here and kiss your kissable
lips all day oh this person's gonna come
out fuck was that the trash can good I
didn't hit anyone right now he's gonna
go no I mean you don't know we're so
exciting
maybe this week you might be the
sweetest thing ever you never want to
get me tito's they don't have um didn't
have the regular so happy I love flaming
hot as I want to kiss you with my ACS
because we finna eat them I'm gonna have
really hot ass mouth and you're not
gonna wanna kiss this
I'm just really you a is our favorite is
it so good I don't know okay oh my god
you guys were like second Tuesday of the
damn self I know this is like double D
in one day so well dis wheeled me anima
bias don't be
you've got the same thing right yeah my
best night ever
my last time you're here best night of
my life
what did you have yeah what is that I'd
like to get him really good flavor
ticket like I know it's just check-in
but we're in love in here that my
favorite the chicken this is for your
Latin fans out there
yeah Jason also done something where
he's grabbing the ball even look at
badass everything he always grabs right
there the middle part of my belly and
always it is so much more today I'm head
she toes in the car today's rabbit how
is that a second
that looks here I'll switch plate so you
can have a little bit so it's okay I got
a beer what is this cause the Seneca
this is so good margaritas and I have a
little beer maybe like juice I like it
so they say that about wine beer or wine
really have to add a roll of the already
finished
