to be alright I'm facetiming you girls
for my blog now you guys are yeah I did
actually I thought so yeah I had app on
your phone
well because my camera's on such a good
mood I wanted to capture all your
positive energy right now I've never
seen you guys so bubbly and happy
together we're never here in the morning
together I know my little baby is I
can't wait somebody recognized or
somebody with Sam talking to somebody at
the bar to tell you this now and they
must have pan over to me because oh my
god she goes it's Trish's mom I think
what but he goes she's she waiting on me
but oh you gotta get a pic so we ended
up taking a selfie you're a celebrity at
work me and mom are gonna be matching in
her swimsuit so look at this and that's
the same brand the Frankie's won no
that's really cute color pink one I have
a baby pink one there's nobody
going on literally an hour
Hey
why is it happening to me why
something vibrating yes
this is so annoying but also I mean my
pajamas that I love so much and says I
told my therapist about you just kidding
I'm in a really good mood and I really
want to eat breakfast that's the only
reason I'm kind of crabby but I want to
eat breakfast with you guys but this is
how annoying and I wouldn't subject you
to it worried that I may be eating
breakfast she is a phrase all of them
and Buddha Buddha praise you to Buddha's
over here
I didn't leave you out Buddha we kind of
rub your belly for some good luck oh
sorry I exposed you I'm in a good mood
today I woke up happy I'm a happy little
biatch it's a rarity for me to say no
but last night was so much fun this VIP
pass is going to go up on my wall a
special VIPs my dineymarie my Jason
Momoa and he asked my medical times VIP
pass I love Jason so much oh he's
honestly like I mean this is so genuine
seriously like he's genuinely like the
nicest guy and I don't know if it's cuz
he's like a really good dad or like what
it is but he's just like compassionate
and sweet like patient understanding
like ah he's just so nice and he's just
I don't know he's just really nice and
then we went I didn't vlog when we
weren't when he did like the little
Santa bit like I went up and to like the
apartment they film it and I'm a lot of
the other people that I hadn't met at
the house from like they're a little
like squad of people and you guys know
I'm like he's very social and likes to
be around a lot of people I'm actually
like really earning antisocial night
it's not that I don't like to be around
people I'm just never around people so
like it's just really nice he grabbed me
around like his
and outlook like I don't know when
they're all so sweet I just like uh you
know when I get out of my comfort zone
and actually be around human beings like
actually really enjoy myself and
actually have a lot of fun and like it
doesn't means a lot that's also like his
friend and like you know what I mean
like I don't know I love Jason he's so
sweet like he literally oh just couldn't
be sweeter apps so much fun like I have
so much fun with him like I'm actually
like sad he's like I won't see him for
walks the holidays I'm leaving he's
leaving like I'm excited mark has one of
my other best friends is coming back
into town
so I'm super excited about that and
obviously going on vacation my mom my
sister I'm really excited about and just
a lot of other things look forward to
but even yesterday yes she was a good
day because I saw my dad on the way home
I was voiced by mowing with Shane and
Shane that something just really sweet
text and I like I like honestly started
crying I like so I don't waste memo I
just like started bawling because I'm
paraphrasing I definitely don't to read
word for word anyway so he was just like
you know you're just really like a
genuine person and there's like few like
people that I know have my back I know
you're like one of them and it's like oh
my heart because like I know Shane
watched my blog they say hey it just
meant a lot because like I will always
love Shane Shane is like is a genuine
person that like never obviously needs
anything from me or you know uses me in
any way like obviously but like beyond
that he's just a good person and helps
me out and like I said like he is
someone who's so busy it has like it's
like life of his own and all is like
that and like when I guess he was over
here hanging out one night when we were
talking about doing the you know the one
the videos where I like talk to myself
like Jay Leno and the carpool karaoke
actually he gave me the carpet carry
okay do you think you should do that
show second I'll make it look really
real and you know you can get together
and talk with someone you know big
people just say like yeah I'll help you
with it but like he generally did like
I'm like hey can you like make this love
you know then again the second time I
asked for karma here okay if you're busy
like don't even worry and like it's not
even a big deal and he did it like right
away like made the thumbnail like he's
like I'm having so much fun with this
like I'm so excited I just I really
truly love him like and when we were
talking the voice was just like it's so
hard to find genuine people and keep
those people in your life like mm-hmm
even if you don't see them every day or
if things change the dynamic shifts
whatever the case may be
you know you have a good heart Jenny one
people and you're like keep them no
matter what and he's one of those people
and I'm actually really fortunate
because my family and I are very are
closer than ever you know there's the
end of this year I have really good
hearted people in my life a shame I can
stare a best friend til the day I die
he's just like one of those people
that's like you could not see for like a
year and obviously we see each other but
like you couldn't see for a year and
like it's still gonna be my best friend
like it's never gonna change um my best
friend he's coming home Tuesday like
he's such a good heart like such a good
heart and we were texting this morning
and I just I loved him so much and then
even someone like Jason like it was so
cool yeah it's it's like a deep
conversation about it as just like you
know he's goes sometimes when you feel
him and you like really like people like
friendships to just being friends or
whatever he goes you go sometimes
there's like a shift where you just like
feel click where you're like oh I really
like this person and like this is like a
cool connection we have and it's like
more than just like this you know well
we're gonna be friends to collab or
whatever and I was like that meant so
much to me cuz I was like I love him and
he's so sweet like so sweet to me beyond
cameras or anything like just sweet and
I don't know I just like understood him
more and I just like I would like my
heart you know I just have some good
people in my life and like that's all
I've ever wanted you know since I've
been happier so I've been on medication
for hormones like a hormone shot so my
testosterone is actually um really high
which is really weird right well it's
not weird actually cuz I've always been
hairy butts not even that it's more of
like my mood swings in my anger like my
temper that's like from having like too
much testosterone so I'm all these like
balancers and I honestly think it's
helping like I just started them but I
feel like I'm just feeling like my mood
if nothing else even the weight stuff or
whatever is whatever if I lose weight
cool but like my mood has just been like
better and I feel more balanced and with
my emotions and just like in control and
aside from that I like being busy I have
a lot of stuff planned like for next
year already like January through like
literally June like because my birthday
month I have like
a lot of shit happening too and I just
feel like I don't know I just I'm like
excited about everything um I have this
cool thing with Shane I'm I think we're
doing like I think it's happening and
I'm really excited and you know I'm sad
to hang out with him and I just I'm like
so excited about life and it's great
because again it's great to be happy and
like I'm single and I like that I can be
happy and single at the same time like
now I can feel it and like like I said
even meeting you guys in New York this
month like I felt like just this whole
shift I've been seeing in the comments
like this whole shift on YouTube for me
that's like positive like even though I
put out crazy videos I just feel this
the shift of just like love and people
who get me so I feel like now when I put
out crazy videos people get it they get
my sense of humor and they get like it's
just like what I do you know what I mean
like just I don't know my own
entertainment and I don't know like I
don't know I love you guys that's it I
don't know I'm having a good a good
morning I feel good I have a lot to do
today just as far as like errands and
stuff I still got the nasty breakouts I
try to get with Georgia dermatologist I
just don't I think I'm enough time
before the new year which is which is
like sucky but I mean I just I've really
been happy I'm just so busy every day I
like just with errands and appointments
and stuff and like taking care of myself
and um I don't know I just I like I'm
like happy I'm just happy I don't know
it's cool I like having like I said when
you meet Jenny one people I think it's
also just getting older I think you have
to go may not everybody but for me my
journey was like going through a bunch
of fake bad people and I feel like yes
why still me fake and like usually
people yes I can spot them a lot easier
now a lot clearer and also just like
accepting the pass for what it is um
and keeping the past in the past so my
new year's resolution I never make but I
have one one to never not talk about the
past and not bring up people in the past
that are no longer my life like not if I
think about him I don't verbalize it I
don't talk about it
cuz I think I dwelt too much on the past
not just my last relationship
relationships before I talk wad I'm and
I'm like no I don't need that I need to
my fortune cookie at 8:04 I mean what it
said it was in my eye thing was I'd be
the eight vlog I said something along
the fortune cookie said something like
like to move ahead like let go of your
past or something it's 100 cents sure
you'll be stuck if you don't let go of
your past so I am feeling so free the
only people coming in with me or 2018
are the good hearts in my life the good
people and of course you guys of course
and and letting go of the past and also
and also just like wishing well for
everyone in my past because this is the
last time I bring him up and then I'm
done talking about him because you know
it's in the past but a lot of people had
asked me mmm if I should have read this
book a lot of people had asked me if I
told me I should reach out to someone in
my past that whistlin lost someone in
their life and my heart broke because I
still following this person on snapchat
so my heart broke of course but again
it's not my place to reach out to
someone every to him in the past and if
he doesn't want to reach out he doesn't
obviously want me in this life and he
doesn't want me to talk to him so I
thought it was super inappropriate to
whatever and I feel even we were talking
about it now but just I'll just say this
anyone I've cared for in the past I'll
care for forever and they really hope
they're happy in life
and I want to say this about about shot
and then this is it I'm gonna close this
chapter it's leaked Sean I believe it's
a really like good person it's a good
heart he's sensitive and sentimental the
reason I connected with Sean it's gonna
think he has a lot of personal issues
like I don't want to call them demons
but like in her day once I he struggles
with like mental - but he's a good heart
and a good person so like it's it's a
constant
I just related a lot to that it had and
any bitterness I came from me it was out
of frustration I guess with our
situation and it broke my heart
it broke my heart how things I did and
just like a lot of things we did robbing
should have and could have done
differently and it breaks my heart that
we did it and it's not you can't really
go back in time to fix that but I don't
think we're meant to but especially Kim
he's different than anyone else that was
in my life that's like left is like he
was good to me you know and in no way do
I want to go back to that I don't think
were meant to be in each other's lives
anymore but like he's a good person in
my heart like breaks for him right now
he's very vocal on his social medias
about what's going on is I don't think
it's my place to say anything but my
heart is my heart is broken for him and
I just I wish I could just reach out to
him like give him a hug and just like
maybe pray for him obviously but um I
just wish I could like give him like a
big hug in Canada
I'm very emotional I'm just saying I
don't feel so emotional lately but I
just a I've been like you dog my mom and
sister that's deposit entity this
morning with data free energy yesterday
and I just I'm like I don't know I think
this time of year too like the holidays
I get really emotional but anyways I'm
hungry but I need that in a blog first
struggle the end the struggle but
anyways yes this is going up on my wall
special things because this was really a
special night and I had so much fun
thanks Jason I was like he always has a
mind like did you have flattered like
people lasted like was it good was it
like worth it to go and he's like why
fun cuz I was with Trish and she has so
much fun and that means a lot but I I do
I mean I do feel of medieval times I was
really special like I was so shocked he
wanted to go there
like I was so confused cuz there's not
like a special occasion you should go
for a special occasion and like it was
just like because I was like maybe
really like it's just nice to have like
a friend to like you know and I have
like other friends like to Bali and just
wanna hang out just because and just
like I don't know I like that I love
that one I was like what's what's our
special occasions like just because it's
cool it's cool
um and also with him it's cool because
like he vlogs every day every day so I'm
like you he loves blogging and I blog
and I think that's books I've never had
like a friend that does like vlogging
when I first met Shane he kind of walked
he wasn't doing daily vlogs be kind of
logged you know and so that was like
cool but we got there's a really old
photo from 2012 oh wait why did these
come up so I'm just have Barbies not
that first of all I was so skinny I
remember people called me fat in that
picture and I was about 30 pounds
lighter than I am now
another crazy um but anyways I like like
I said like being around Jason who like
blogs all I was like
because like I feel really comfortable
to vlog - and I love logging and I love
sharing your life okay I love that and
it's like I said and my friends who
don't like vlogging I respect it and I
love that too it's just cool to like
like what do you think a common interest
right like I don't really have like I
don't know like people you work with or
people you know you do hobbies with
there's something like that it's kind of
cool to find someone that like has the
same hobby as you I guess even though
it's not really hobby but like you know
we ended hobby but like people just get
it and it's just kind of fun to like
have someone be like oh you can long if
you want now and I just like that gets
it I'll look really crazy
I feel really crazy okay yeah this week
is might be kind of boring I'm just
kidding it's a forewarning I'm vlogmas
this is so long it just might be a
little worried because I have like to
pack I have to clean my house I have a
lot of errands to run
I'll bring you guys with this as much as
I can I don't know what's gonna be
exciting so if you just me over channels
you see but it's a vlog Oh
oh it's cool it's really I look crazy
right angle waffles and I'm making hash
back are you series loggers why do I
feel like we're like a family
now we're having like family Hey hi okay
do you want some booze and waffles have
some I love here I love your costume
this morning Jones
oh thanks Barry thanks mom for the egg I
was like there just feel like we're just
all on a little family dinner right now
or breakfast like before school like the
quintessential like ideal ginger like
wish you sat down with your brother
sisters and family and just got each
other pumped for the day at school
anyways um I'm super excited about these
waffles I was getting very emotional
thinking about them because I've been
very emotional today don't know why it
just happened and I'm okay with that
emotions are good gonna feel things and
not be numb and feel things that aren't
depressing so yes I'm don't have my
Trader Joe's blueberries I was craving
Eggos this morning
hey girls are easy to eat they're fun to
eat I just love it so much
I have two more on the way don't worry
Tresh I didn't look like enough food for
you I know I thought you were coming and
then a more question I get asked Brent
by3 videos lever how many times a day do
you think you eat like wow I feel like
it seems like a needle I'm working at
film everything I eat I'm like I feel
like people say I'm always eating good
joob waffles hop up not mad at it I'm
just like confused by it
you're sort of a gal who watched this
movie called gangster Liam
got like mobsters in Chicago looks like
a low-budget one mmm I'm so hungry I'm
checking you know the head at my mom I'm
not gonna reward myself enjoy a salon I
didn't know Spanish you're gonna be
eatin your waffles yeah everything you
outside in the blog but now that it's
done another life a lot of us have been
a little hard not hard
I mean it's work right well but see I
hate thing of youtubers work I hate
thinking of it like I'm so tired but I
have to edit this vlog to keep up and
like I really as much as people think I
like um what do you call it and artists
all I guess yeah but I was gonna do
something like LLL fall through and
sometimes that's true I really don't
like it like when I said I'm goal from
something I really want to I've never
done like a whole blog mess and yes I
missed one day but I was only because I
don't want to post the blog because you
know with me for another video to go up
but I try my best like keep goals for
myself
some driving it right blog miss and I
see for the response is better you guys
like you're more in real time with me it
would just be really hard to keep up
you're wrong to always say like I have
to edit every single night to get up the
next day there's just a lot you can't
bully I wasn't yet fully enjoy things
but kinda like I can't get place it
right look maybe maybe like Monday
through Friday that could be like a
realistic goal tell the same most people
what their real like like nine five
drops for instance are Monday through
Friday and then you can get wasted
Friday night Saturday night and then
Sunday got to be a little more
responsible and get back to work so
maybe if I made it a goal to do Monday
through Friday uploads in the New Year
it won't say promise I won't the
resolution but if it was a good goal I
think that could be more doable
I really want to focus on my patreon too
for a lot of guys who have private snap
traps get out of the 1st through the 5th
of the new month so like if you start
adding this month you'll get at it after
the first in the fifth of five months
once like payments move verify um just
dissolve you will do ask patreon
continent and believe you start getting
right wait I believe you and then it for
some reason like you decline or whatever
the charge or like charge back the
charge like then obviously you can't see
the content anymore but also once you
join patreon you see all that content so
like let's say you just joined now
you've never drawn before you'll see
everything I posted since what September
7th doing it and we're like I said don't
you just speed with your like a
fraudulent claim or something then
you're like block basically from it
though nothing like oh I like dispute it
but I can't see yourself like as he just
muted you gonna mean like it sound like
any company shop with
I'd like this would be something they're
gonna like blocky obviously you know I
just keep charging and then this meter
the top you know I mean like hey guys
I'm just to clarify it was like been a
conversation with someone about it on my
patreon at the 7th message is like I
don't know why I'm blocked from even
joining and I said because you charged
your card and then claimed it was
fraudulent activity I'm like yeah what
people ma'am
anyways just like the warning stuff but
I wasn't a lot of questions especially
but perhaps I'm Kelly you're not getting
at it cuz you know I'm going on a trip
soon and I was like oh man Park snapchat
because it's like but I'm also away on
vacation in January - so I always say
like a month in advancing you get the
private snapchat and you start joining
the first bit of the following month
ah and you will month them love a lot
for you but really fun feature I'm gonna
do I wanna film yeah I'm gonna have the
time to do it so I'm really excited
about it - one for my like nude level
patrons one that looks like full nudity
I think I'm gonna do like a full shower
routine but like how I would actually
shower cuz I would see shower routines
on YouTube and it's always like them not
showing anything even show like it's I
can't even be in a swimsuit anymore on
YouTube like that's how crazy they play
stuff like my Corvette got 18 plus
restriction it literally cuz I'm in like
a bustier
I think i mighta said the word dick once
I'm like do you see why I'm like trying
to focus on my patreon I'm trying to
transition now not out of youtube but
just YouTube's like my fun place and
that's it it's not gonna be like a place
where I have to like focus you know
little different
and I think I'm one of different rules
for this channel little Ben main
channels like blockbusters like I feel
like nobody puts out on that channel
it's not literally just like me for my
channel most of the time but this is a
little more like YouTube friendly tip
about this mess of the word get who
knows that right so grabber in my time
with that let my droid do not literally
play with my joy in my head or herself
remember that know like lowest here I've
looked put it again on here but like I
used to even playing the underwear good
place from bullying Hill room
I'll be a sauna
and we have my towels shoot love to
rewash them live it in there add a shoe
very way from water revolution to the
new year drive oh don't worry about it's
just King Joffrey we're fine
and kind of say this is finest Lee the
most comfortable thing ever it's like
the biggest longest down oh I'm so happy
I like I've never worn that like I was
like ever going so calm strap ball and
laughs you love it how do I'm like cool
we're all so cozy I have like so much
gravity that I miss Rama house after
that present I mean that best friends in
the whole world
and I could cry I'm so excited I haven't
even so long um since you cook say about
NASA tomorrow's gonna be like
- chill I like film a little I'm gonna
get pretty film a little clean up a
little more it's like make me a house
like perfect and cozy I'm super excited
this is the first holiday season where I
feel like happy usually act like
holidays make me really depressed like
really depressed like I think I had a
little bout of depression for like a
couple days around Thanksgiving time but
I feel warm
I like jolly
even a one-hitter on twitter that used
to hate on every single tweet being they
sue me now
aside you must be really happy my
favorite all her tweets to me now
because as much as she responded to
every single week before were paid she
does now with like positivity and like
nice reminders or like just like happy
thoughts and I'm like this is like a
Christmas miracle
because she's doing really nasty to me
and now she's like nice not liking we
had asked to see way just like nice I
think she had no reason to turn around
and be nice to me it wasn't really I
reached out her at the hey girl call me
let's Skype like nothing she just
changed one day oh I love love it might
even feel remember every word I swear
that's like nothing anymore since that's
done like youtubers stop reading into
just hate hey hey that's all it was was
just like that's a website of hate when
youtubers read it and read into it and
then it would be in their mind and
always think about them back in mind
then become better from it but awesome
what since drama gossip channels have
become less hateful they kind of just
attack each other but I feel like even
they have become less hateful like they
used to be I feel like help them like
destroy people's lives and maybe because
they start getting a taste of their own
medicine
like people were coming for them and
their livelihood and their personal
lives I feel like they might have been
like okay we need not be so crazy cuz it
just comes back it's one drama channel
tillens drama but he's like there's no
way whatever and love like support this
drama camp or anything because I just
like our history together but like it
makes me happy to see that they turn
around some of these people's channels
like just not being so nasty like you
know what I mean like hey we all gossip
we won't like gossip and some of us love
to gossip like these drama channels
aren't like YouTube superfans which
there's nothing wrong with it cuz I am
too I'm keeping up with all the drama
I'm lead you through around so I get
that you know there are super fans of a
lot of people I'm a super fan of like
the people I know right I like the
people I watched but like there's a
whole other like the beauty community
and so I can't
with that if a lot of these drama and
Gospels are super fast a lot of people
and they keep up with people and I think
they generally love them you know cuz it
and then today I'm gonna say you hate
someone or disagree or just like comer
but if you're coming up with them like
you're a family you didn't mean like you
never see these drama channel is talking
like this youtuber no VC on which I mean
I don't have any but I say about him
like I do you think he's gonna do like a
hard time right now but like you know he
was yes he's he's pretty scandalous no
one ever never talk about him like back
in the day he was and no one with why
it's cuz they weren't Sam's like the
people who have drama channels are
wrongly Damon and you can tell who
they're fans up which is like look I I
love that like also to my RT doesn't get
triggered anymore oh my is a little dull
I would say identify like a gay man
that's how I feel until I identify as
it's working that's what's the most
gamer love my game them so that's
something I relate to these drama queen
knows this they're fans that people
aside from like at the PD community like
it's not that I'm not fans I just don't
really watch like Manny Jeffery Laura
who else Jacqueline I just don't watch
them but they just don't watch it or
else if I snuck that makeup and I gave
up long time ago you know but but other
people they watch and that they talk
about just has their fans and like I am
too because I am a game in um like a
nice young audience or not fabulous gay
men maybe they're so scrumpy game an old
gay man that are like grumpy but I think
fabulous I don't even mean to be
flamboyant outgoing fabulous gay men to
me artists people who own themselves are
sweet and nice and low the gamin are
just much more open-minded which is why
I love even be in the gay way but
there's like a 5% of days are like
hateful mean bitter gays either they're
not a nice closet or they they're old
and like washed up and they're jealous
or or there's those that are like you
know I've made advice a lot about sexual
people my sexual girls have never used
an issue with lesbians but bisexual guys
a lot of gays don't like it they don't
approve of it
they don't believe it they don't believe
a guy who may be bisexual - I know he
gay okay so you liked him s-some deep
cool why can't you like to eat some pee
you know what I mean I know people who
are very much on the spectrum the first
person told me about the spectrum was
Shane how there's like a spectrum and
there's people straight and like a
little little big halfway there
and then like all the way gay you know
what I mean and you know I even people
feel like people who are super slam all
the way gay and I know someone who's
actually done my clan before he seems
very all the way gay very slim and he'll
say yeah yeah I'm gay but he is also
that 1% a little curious and there ain't
nothing wrong with it do you have a
preference what you want I feel like
everyone's a little curious at some
point and I do believe some people are
truly metal like I consider myself
bisexual in my middle no I probably
would lean more towards guys just like I
don't know like I'm naturally more
attracted to guys and I tend to enjoy
sex butter with guys um but I would say
like 30% of me when I see a girl I'm I
get smitten it's not often but I think
it's men you know what I mean and the
sex is probably blessing like it was 10%
of girls that I'm like wow this is
amazing you know maybe like five
essentially there's so much there
everyone bisexual right
but because how many people hit that
term that's what I'm like I'm straight
and gay because somebody people just
can't accept the term rye sexual so I
say I'm gay I'm straight there's that
anyways we love and LGBT a lie a lie a
lie i'm LGBT like i am so sick that
people like not letting me identify with
them i don't know why you know we think
i make a mockery but gators make mockery
of being gail which i think i don't
understand i guess unless I'm fully gay
and always with a girl people just won't
let me in the club guys walk bitch I
don't need your permission or approval
to get in the LGBTQ Club because
everyone is welcome except West
Hollywood they're little judgy
camera
but I'm dashing but thinking ego shall
we raise him a smile
Shelby's healing
you guys we have a major crisis on our
hands
i order press mates when I was on that
treadmill to cook some food here and try
to be happy puppies is down has been
done for water our house mates how what
how are these people without way
supposed to eat how would suck feed
ourselves here I'm having a freak out
I'm having a freak out I'm also really
hungry I just spit I'm really hungry I
eat on camera with you guys so what do
you feel this is long blob plus there's
YouTube I gotta watch there's some drama
I gotta catch up on but we can talk when
I chug a Lacroix because I'm so thirsty
you know what let's start this these
noodles noodles and noodle situation of
tournaments next that looks huge in
these pants and not like a cute way and
like a really like oh she's got a wide
load by missing here me I'm not a bigger
butt out not wide load anyone knows that
struggle I'm gonna make mac and cheese
but I'm mac and cheese with no milk this
is gonna be kind of gross but as I said
maybe it's better to have dairy but
she's dairy kind I was like pinkies guys
men at the start at the rich right hands
gonna be here I have to shower
do I want to crease mother knows she was
sugar too much sugar for smash
the son that you deliver soon are you
mary did you know debate
boy what rolled be yeah that did you
know I let me write down the little clay
conversion the other day that's so sick
that's about this I'm sorry I'm gonna
leave this is soda it's Lacroix yes it's
not probably not feels like just clear
regular water but it's not soda either
it's chill just water it's so refreshing
so so good yes I place this soap
so anyways honest postmates note I play
suppose make sense kind of like frozen
in time but they tweeted up the app was
down oh wait what no now I'll tell me to
tip out the person didn't even deliver
anything like cookies just coming like
I'm just so confused right now
now it's saying it's coming at 7:30 like
what's there just can you cancel all the
orders are making I want to watch oh oh
the thing I'm setting this up here
because I have cake aww I'm going to try
this tomorrow I'm actually I smell good
from somebody but I got the Kim
Kardashian fragrance and it looks like
adamandeva dildos sex Julie oh well I
get it it's a big crystal it's weird
oh here's how thinking can't get it out
I just posted
what kind of song a great way yeah
beautiful dear boy then I would just
watch you in your room if I was
invisible and make you minds know I hit
hard to a run racist bull I could just
tell you where they're at and how it'd
be the smartest man
this is a way already
yeah it was such a weird video for that
song - I remember I remember this stuff
specifically like it was like him like
performing on Hollywood Boulevard and
Megatron people came to see him
bizarre play I this is how you know my
gaiter has been operating here like I
got playing with straight I was in two
terminals Comerica naked and I wasn't
like a child I was like a like 16 or 17
when heat on that show yeah I'm not sick
but my voice is deafening wasn't when I
see a person
my heart can't possibly be Bruce I have
like one name why like multiple
neighbors there's one day we're gonna I
can hear it because of you I am safe
that so I don't get hurt because of you
a fan
hard to trust not only me but everyone
around me because I really wish I could
sing like spells out Eddie
definitely yeah don't overheat so I take
my blog I will just shop hey do you post
Me's are gonna show up yeah we're kind
of like not bein young I'm showing up my
helot post needs to try make that
appointment
this is 814
and then Mantha Shelby Joseph I guess I
don't you go ahead and go on in my life
come on what's up wait you a half are
different cheese that's a real trauma of
this sleep on a paltry feel the rush of
the ocean trying to belong here
something felt so wrong you're so white
stray I should break away hey this was
our graduation song we want to sing take
that touch this guy make a wish make a
change and breakaway oh I see you
picture my best friend up here and he
sent me on tomorrow I love him so so
much and he's truly truly my best friend
in the whole entire world I love him a
little them and I'm gonna cry like
thinking about him okay everybody today
I'm gonna teach you how crap mac and
cheese spirals step one boy out the
water step you take off all your clothes
okay step two take off all your clothes
step three into that hot water
oh don't let it splash your face all
that high gene liquids oh oh I love
healthy with my noodles can't wait to
cook for my husband or your husband
bouche don't tell your life oh okay
super-awkward might push me just ask me
what size skin the milk I wanted so this
is awkward because it's coming and I
just made mac and cheese with water so
there's that anyway else mac and cheese
turn it out it doesn't look right it
looks a little thick for my liking but
you know mac and cheese its food
be grateful trips I thought plus meets
us down and I had was on a limited time
schedule um never makes spiral mac and
cheese or kraft mac and cheese I always
think the wedding planner and how she
was like single it alone forever
even though she did get the super hot
Matthew McConaughey at the end of it
when he was blond
we love young Matthew McConaughey before
he became like so after when people come
so actors like Jim Carrey when they come
like serious actors it's like you lose
him forever no hobbies them Oh Russian
traveling I go
my little search for problems with
machines it's not least II have find out
till after Christmas after that you
won't let me talk to Holly so I don't
phanie in theory anyway we're gonna
watch some YouTube and like I would
watch a whole youtube video with you
guys but kind of weird right
oh my god 29 and I'm single and this is
this is my life I love being fulfilled
you guys are all in this crisis with me
my arms look so terrible lately I need
to like work them out they aren't puffy
puffy is a good way to or describe me
you're not slim thick but puppy
this girl I met in um her name's Molly
she doesn't super late but my mother
just miss but can we talk about an icon
we got actually do it with your mother
she's with five use don't she's so cute
just cute your roof's
like the words a dia Zadi with the Z let
me fluff is making really need to go for
those packages will not be funny some
people watch courts i watch Trisha
Paytas Luke Wallace honestly
complete stated
some of them not these are not a joke
don't ball all those Germans Nazis that
was obviously so clearly a joke it's no
funny that like you're a few people get
like offended in sugar anymore because
obviously we make a statement like that
you're not
oh five I just how you bear you people
get triggered though so it's great cuz
my channel my car tour has been killing
it you guys doesn't seem to like well I
don't know if it isn't like the travel
videos on my main channel like half of
the week everything eight I think I was
posting at weird times they post at like
midnight and then I post at like 2:00
p.m. and then I posted again I like 6:00
a.m. I think it's like posting too close
to each other cuz I was trying to get
them all out because they were already
so late so I feel like I usually post in
the morning so when I get up like 6 a.m.
7 a.m. 8 a.m. California time so I think
that might be I think everything daddy
did you know daddy daddy did you know
and that's a baby boy the growth be a
man
did you know that's how they post me see
mr. pullian that is very iconic guilty I
feel like I didn't invite you guys to
the mac and cheese eating show but I
really wanted to watch I'm youtuber is
not like I have like I have like a
guilty pleasure youtubers but I wanna
see me like not embarrassed to say I
watched them I just don't know if it's
like kind of channel that I want to give
food spin Shinji they're not like me
channels they're just sometimes I watch
drama channels sometimes sometimes they
don't uh but they're not all jumper
cables just some are like there's just
one prankster fatality like I can't
stand him I think he's very arrogant but
I watch him I'm sure that's a lot be
like me you don't I mean I can't Santa
rest when I watch it I guess I can't
stand I'm like I don't know him but I
can't see the way he is in blobs and
just cockiness
that's better oh I love true witch oh my
god that's the way I wanted watch it's
not 87 forever ago the drew Lynch
comedian guy who you sound like a really
strong
so much detail
well the skim milk finally arrived in my
diet coke that's I'm treating myself
around diet coke I have had in a minute
I love that all us a timeline for dinner
like cave and I look like super javi
more style mental to me oh my god you
got me for punches I to chooses that
it's like annoying another line really
likes your fudge I don't crave with
brunch and cream apple juice Bridge make
shit up there but if your see the skin
melting back here and that actually
expired like ultra sure and they'll pay
the whole time we broad whenever I get a
chance I have to open it right away how
can you not
we love it
organize cream and in long ways does
they have so many doubles mmm they would
like gonna drive be any you know that
video I love dry watching me so long I
just do ahem
I love doubles I love the little chip
I'm a mixed-up load and a I stop eating
my bottom to eat but you know once it
does
I'm harder to find they become easier to
stop eating I just need one more double
give me a double get another double in
here it is I have to fold it over
that'll do run down here
cube reflects back up and shower my
prints off this has so much shit yeah
I'll see you guys in a bit
whoo can you see my spray tan let's turn
it on my lights
I'm tan I'm sad a weird world
oh I'm very sad hi tan world and society
we live in where we can change the color
of our skin by spraying chemicals on us
move that tree looks gorgeous there man
I'm tired I'm cold I don't know it's
always so cold in my house um I do love
being tan way better then I mean like
these lights lighting is like good if I
can make I love um down the stairs
really well you don't like Moss Brady
hands you can't really go and hang out
people after this is actually a really
nice collar and I really like the
madness of it um I like the dryness of
it I guess cuz normally I look kind of
uh the Lord is like hide of this light
is doing wonder the darkness um if you
want to see my bad I sleep on but I just
like bad for my social life because like
well one the holidays are coming up and
so like everyone starts leaving town
like a lot of people have left town like
50% of all town and like 45% start
leaving like this weekend so it sucks I
was like people wouldn't hang out before
they left and I just I can't really go
out when I have a spray tan
but like this actually feels good I
maybe could have my face kind of greasy
though and also like you just don't
wanna like sit on anything because you
don't want to get spray tan and that's
like embarrassing if you hug people and
get spray tan so a couple people wanted
to hang out it was actually really sad
that I couldn't because um I kind of hot
dogs dad which I'll show you it's not
that complicated but it seems too
complicated right now um but you know
I'm Tien and it's worth it you're Cham
for like about a week so one night a
week I have to be alone
as what someone who loved me and my
spray Jean and I will sit next to me
with my history um I feel like Anna
Nicole Smith uh yeah I just watched the
Vols from last night oh it's so fun to
have YouTube friends like um I don't
know like especially with a little vlog
because it's like I don't know it's just
like cool you don't feel like a weirdo
that I watched
um Jason flog that it's not all mushy I
got like two attached cos like whatever
I got seen for a while anyways but like
I have so much fun with him and he's so
sweet and then like the conversation we
did have in his vlog like totally caught
me off guard it cuz like I when we first
start hanging out I like to kind of like
him but then like obviously I just
didn't hear from him and it's just like
wasn't a serious thing so like when he
said that he's like yeah I'd like
thought about you know you could a date
you as like her anyway is I don't even
know and then I watched um David vlog
till the end cuz I didn't vlog really
anything when we're upstairs when I
first met David I thought he hated me
because he was just really like just
going going going but because it was
like night time and I was like the last
thing of the day and like he was so
chill and anyways when I was coming out
my biggest thing is getting like jump
scared like pranks and like I hate for
people to see that he doesn't really
like watch it like gaming xiety I'll
ever guys like ah well when people scare
me like jumping like people jump out and
not expecting them to that's like my
biggest fear it's very weird it's like
that's why I don't like there's like
Halloween Horror Nights weird joke
they're so scary about that that walk
was cute too and fun and all the way I
love watching other youtubers too
because like I like watching those
people edit um it's just really
interesting it makes I think it really
makes a vlog editing you might like
low-budget music videos I've been doing
with my friend a typo
they look so like when we shoot them I
think
oh my asking me
more like we're only doing like two
scenes but the way he edits with the
music like editing just makes everything
I wish I really wish I was a good editor
it was really good as Shane um he's very
good at editing he always has been and
that's like I just did you got crack
I'll help my friend like James is
leaving out of town tomorrow like a lot
of people leaving town it's so funny not
funny like ironic too like my best
friend is coming into town tomorrow but
he's only coming in for a few days and
then he's going back home to what just
like I get to be with my family like I'm
with my dad on Christmas Eve and then oh
he does that was the other kid think
about yesterday's it's today's vlog with
yesterday's vlog for you guys
my dad was in it the beginning and you
guys were so sweet to him he he doesn't
like love being on camera but he loves
me itself the universe is like a lining
for me I feel in like a good way but I
think that's just with age too you know
like I said my parents and I were having
a good relationship work is going good I
love what I do I'm inspired
friendships are going great love life
who knows I'm optimistic about it sound
I love reading all the comments do
people have been sweet and the comments
just in general lately you cool I love
this by the way this is like literally
the most so I'm so relaxed right now
don't you love that the only one he can
be totally relaxed you're just chilling
watch somebody I've been just chilling
all day edge it go and um Jack an
eyebrow wax before me work out actually
walk to get that god I just feel so good
just chill I'd have to be up early so I
should probably
but I love you guys yeah thanks well
done in sports are this love was kind of
boring I'm just kind of scared I don't
want even Sam put out there I might go
I'm gonna a for a few days
cuz my friends coming back and I just
don't know like how much I'm gonna I may
I don't think I'll like film hardly
anything when we're together but I was
like sit down videos I just I
November at time I'm gonna try and film
some stuff tomorrow put my patreon to um
before I mean I'll get it done I have to
wrap presents too cuz I have press it to
him so I kind of wrapped those I don't
want presents for anyone that's how you
know I have a butt like he's a bus last
breath anyway I love you guys thanks for
watching thanks for being support and I
love you face I said that five thousand
times I love you guys okay come on guys
that's next video yeah we gonna with
help yes this is the way I wrap myself
up I took the sheet from there so I'm
like laying on a sheet do you see I'm
like laying on a sheet and then also the
sheets over me it's not really the most
comfortable but you don't get spray tan
this
