but guys like this Keurig though like
yes so I just got this new keurig in the
mail it's from my favorite Etsy store
the Alliance and just like look how
sparkly I was like tweeting and
instagramming and like snapchatting it
but like you can get this or like any
custom I had this custom-made but you
could get this exact one you can get
black gems you can get this anything you
want it could put your name on it from
the airlines and they're awesome I love
them so much I have bought so much from
them they give me a discount code for
you guys so every time I like talked
about them okay can I get something for
my viewers whose and they gave me I just
kind of cook so you can get 10% off it
is like custom items like are like
pricey but dancing stuff it's already
like maybe that's not as pricey but it's
pricey but if you get 10% off girl
saving you money I just have to show
this this is like like actually life I'm
like actually dying for this and I don't
ever know how properly showed this but
she made this phone to this like house
phone for me and it's like super sparkly
it seemed kind of like pattern so that's
why I had my character but yourself to
not be sure that you guys I'm like
actually having ridiculous I was like oh
I need another cup for a picture so I
brought it like one of my Starbucks
bling cups and then I just realized I
have more than this by the way in
storage I just realized like I have a
little bit of a problem like just a
little bit I love crystals oh my gosh
okay so I'll tell you guys real quick
where all these are from because I
couldn't fit them in I'm an Instagram or
a snap but these two this one this one
it's my Trish pick up yeah that middle
one is from EJ's the phone and the
Keurig is from Etsy calm slash shop
smash the airlines oh this is from EJ's
this why not forever ago I honest me I
don't remember where I got it and I
honestly don't remember but I think both
of these were Etsy actually all three of
these were at see that one that one and
that one were se two I just can't
remember the shop I only have discount
codes for this
shop but they'll probably do Starbucks
too like they probably could do anything
you wanted in fact I kind of want like a
cup like this that says like my name I
think that'd be really cool it's like
match this like the ombre that pink
ombre sort of things so yeah anyways I
know I have a I have a problem it's like
but is it a problem though like is it
though it's like so pretty it makes me
happy I'm I just like leave this out for
display because it's like actually kind
of ridiculous
