hey guys we are in Hollywood this is day
three of our girl staycation my mom's
leaving me stay home
we are back oh now we are back into this
oh my god so funny this is where the Amy
Winehouse holding location was for the
tears around their own video because we
shot it on here and I lived literally
like a block that way so it was so easy
for me to get you but this is where we
were held and this is where Amy
Winehouse and her husband at the time
that peak guy they would like make out
and they didn't talk to anyone but we're
back at the old Simon got a hot in a
Highland I'm so excited we're gonna eat
pig and whistle cuz my mom saw it on um
where do you see it Food Network you
know it's always there channels
I told it's what I mean like terrible is
she think is gonna be so good we're
getting at we're also getting a bougie
Starbucks card hopefully it's a Sawatzky
card where you pay two hundred ollars
and you don't get fifty dollars on the
thing but you pay a hundred fifty I
guess but the keychain has a Fuji but
it's only limited edition you only get
it to November 22nd so we only have like
a day left to get it yeah where's your
glasses that we were going to be 20
today she hates the present I bought her
email but we were supposed to be
tweeting in our DRM I know the Kylie
Jenner until this morning well they're
my bits right it's my transformation to
becoming Kylie Jenner okay um so yeah
this is Hollywood Boulevard this is like
actually
my favorite place to come but I know
we've never come down here it's usually
crowded but like it's actually super
chill right now so and it's hot again in
LA so that's why I'm in a summer dress
right now cuz I'm so all the time yeah
right there yeah souvenir shop because
if I don't do it all you guys out here
yeah you want some sauce huh okay thanks
thank you
Wow Julie oh my gosh it sound like you
guys if I was gonna film it but look at
these these are wanton nachos fish and
chips and I'm not that's a shepherd's
pie oh my god I know about my mom's
dream come true right now that's like
they're tacky
right now yes so we found we went from
Starbucks ahead it was crazy and we've
literally you guys haven't been on this
journey with us but we went to two in
Hollywood so third time's the charm
we found it and everything you should be
lucky that I came I'm like holding it as
like it's like my badge of honor I was
like I did it I found it and then I got
a mini well does not many this is like
as a small frappe I just want to try it
they have a mini mini ones for like kids
I sure got necks I just went in a little
set but let's try it I don't wanna try
it I never had it's a Juniper if I've
seen I've never had it mmm that's so
interesting
it kind of tastes like a Jennifer cookie
but Kylie on the way you want it to be
then it feels kind of dry going down
like a gingerbread cookie little only
I'm okay so this is okay mmm I won't
finish it though because I don't know we
have to grow its
hey mini minis snowman donut
what is it real donut it's like you like
to I know it's not the wax frosting it's
a little treat I know
I know but I love the chocolate talk cuz
I think they smell good so good job to
this Starbucks you win at life I'm so
excited are we literally bring one
driving around looking for this it's
crazy success Michigan relief 1/3 I
thought we went to three before but I
think it's our third one yeah
