hey guys so today I am going to show you
guys my workout routine on here because
I post on Instagram not too long ago
about working out as a trainer and you
shouldn't be some really cool things
just that I can join my backyard so I
was gonna show you guys some of the
things that I do because you notice the
holidays and obviously we eat so much
during the holidays and I love food so
it's like I'm not gonna like not eat
food right so I'm gonna show you guys
kind of what I do in between sort of
like my holiday workout routine kind of
like maintain weight but I've actually
also lost weight by doing this which is
crazy cuz like I usually gain weight
during the holidays so I'm gonna show
you guys what I'm doing for that and my
Trish mission T um yeah but all right
now I'm going to start with my morning
with the fit T because it kind of
suppresses my appetite so before working
out I don't like eat too much like oh
you don't have a whole thing so this is
kind of nice if you're a little hungry
in the morning it kind of presses your
appetite and also gives you energy for
your workout so that's why I'm gonna do
now I'm gonna start brewing that so when
you get a nice boiling hot cup of water
you are going to just then you can get
the little strings for the teabags I
decide drop mine in like that and it's
like completely sealed so I was like
okay you're not hurt little leaves in
there and you leave that in for like
three to five minutes this tea is also a
hundred percent natural for anyone wants
to know and I also like doing it before
workouts because if you have any toxins
in your body that can hinder your body
from burning fat this is like a great
way to like make sure it's all it
cleared and it's like not blocked
because sometimes I feel like I can't
burn fat as quickly as some other people
but since I've been doing this I just
noticed that like I have that's a
slimmer face and just like I said just
like little things like this like the
tea in the morning definitely helps and
if you guys are interested in this they
actually have I think it's going on now
or might be um I think it's on Cyber
Monday if you go to fit tea and use the
code youtube' I think that $10 also if
you always want to try it and you can do
that and also if you don't have one of
those like little string things after
it's like seeped in there for like three
to five minutes you can just um scoop it
out with a spoon and then there's the
tea like so pretty simple you guys tell
them I'm excited for Christmas I mean
meretricious
tea and Santa mug mmm so ready by the
way I did check add a you can get fit
TFT calm and a $10 off on Cyber Monday
when you use the code youtube'
so cheers to that
mmm I'm all warmed up so it's kind of
nice because then when you do eat too if
you have like a little bit of this in
the morning it's just gonna burn your
fat throughout the whole day but like I
said I'm going to enjoy this check my
emails and then I'll show you guys my
workout routine do you guys ever get so
distracted I swear I always have like a
million things that I want to do and I
get like so distracted I literally came
down like YouTube for just hours I just
like I just like Google the most random
things I swear I'm sorry is like oh my
classes arm you know for those of you
wanted yes my hair is this is my natural
hair I got a haircut but like I'm
getting my weight back in but just kind
of enjoying this like natural hair but
Nicole too much again put like a Don I
woke up like these I'm not flawless so
there's there's that okay so we are
going to start with my stretches that I
do all the way across because I'm hot
furniture yeah because it's wintertime
and yeah no furniture so we're going to
do stretches all the way across and I'll
show you guys what those stretches are
okay so the first thing is these
stretches down already something
different on the way back so you just
grab your knee pull and do it all the
way down
and on the way back we're gonna grab her
ankle uncle
a few other stretches you can do before
or after your workout is lunge forward
and twist and really like stretch and
feel that pull on your back
okay so you have steps these are really
good if you have steps like you see how
I have like one step in between my leg
and you put one flat here I did these
with weights with my trainer but when
I'm doing myself I just kind of do it I
mean technically this is a weight my
camera I kind of just do it as is just
like don't use your arms for any help
and you just press up and down press up
and I have to be more controlled down
but I just worked out the other day so
my pastor so sorry control cuz I do it
really fast and the way down he's like I
do it more control so my feet are going
up down up yeah that one's pretty easy
and then of course you want to like flip
it around and do the other side as well
so I'm gonna do that now the other thing
you can do on steps is um for your butt
you do these little kicks like this and
I do 12 reps
I'm sorry 12 sets 12 reps 12 reps and
three sets now I have a lot of stairs so
for me I just go up and down the stairs
then a lot rather than like I do circles
too you can like walk around your
neighborhood do circles but for me the
stairs I feel the burn I gotta breath in
like a second doing stairs but I do I go
up now the stairs three times which for
me is a lot because I'm just kind of
getting back into it still so that's
what I do and you can have weights with
this but my trainer says to go out like
a brisk kind of pace so that's what I'm
doing and then back down my steps are
really steep
I also do these reverse lunges where I'm
kind of like backwards on my stairs and
I have my toe right there and this as
far out as I can go comfortably without
like falling over and you just squat
down and I'm a tenant so you always rest
my hand on my thighs well you can also
do that and then of course always do the
other side so you have uneven thighs or
buttocks and you really feel it in your
buttocks right there so immediately
after my workout I like to eat something
I like puts me right body so doesn't
think it's gonna like starve itself so I
have been loving guys can see I like so
many of these like little oatmeal things
they're so easy to do they're like
instant oatmeal so like when you're like
really hungry you can just like grab one
so I'm going to have one of these and
also super important that you drink
plenty of water so definitely a hydrate
hydrate right after you workout My
Little Ponies ah ah My Little Pony my
ponytails like crazy anyways this is
like so super easy it's too microwavable
so it's like super quick you just open
it up and there is a little dark line in
there I don't know if you guys can see
it says Phil line and that's where
you're going to fill the water up so
once you fill it up to the line you
could do it more if you want it like you
know more like I don't know soupy I
guess or you can do it less if you want
it more like thick and then you just
stir that up and then after you stir you
just pop it into the microwave for like
90 seconds so literally no time okay so
after a minute it's not nice and steamy
and like stir it around make sure that
all the oats and stuff are in there and
again you can do it last if you want it
more and you can do it like add more
water if you want it more soupy but I
kind of like a thick texture like that
so it's super yummy
so I got that in my water I also grabbed
a banana just in case I still get hungry
but now I'm just getting like cozy in my
like couch and I just like chill for
like literally like two hours and eat I
mean my magazine mmm my hair I miss my
weave you guys I totally miss it but
yeah
that's pretty much it and then today I'm
just gonna clean my house so I don't
really like vlog on the days I clean at
my house but um yeah so I thought I'd
just show you guys because like this has
been kind of like my consistent I guess
it's not a full morning routine because
you not shower and do my hair and lots
of like that but um I like just a little
holiday work out but mmm feldheim hmm
they're different labors right about the
maple brown sugar one because I get to
already in there so don't like put the
brown sugar and or anything but it guys
want to see a morning your team
definitely let me know I will told you
got my main channel cause like this
turned out to be a routine video which I
didn't think it was gonna be but anyways
I hope you guys enjoyed watching what's
hot but so good my beds enjoyed watching
this if you guys have any questions or
anything let me know in the comments
below I'll do my best to answer them I
need to wash my hair it's so greasy um I
hope you guys are having a good holiday
season definitely let me know other like
videos you want to see there isn't big
blog masovia blog every single day on
this channel and on my other channel
there's gonna be there's gonna be 62
videos this month oh my gosh it's crazy
even think about it because they're not
even all done but yeah I'm gonna be
vlogging every single day I'm gonna be
posting every single day so DUP keep
well actually yeah cuz people like and
blog miss AB like at Christmas time like
on Christmas Day but I think I'm gonna
go all December I'm gonna go so crazy so
yeah I'm gonna read my magazine and show
them and I hope I get this up free wise
in time because I just like to when days
that I'm not like with my family and
eating a bunch I just like to like kind
of keep it like light for me just kind
of like stuff that just you know gives
me my basic needs without overindulging
because we overindulge in the hallways
and I usually overindulge anyways well
during the holidays I try and be a
little butters like I said I kind of
actually lose weight doing that but
anyways um if you guys like I said it
gets bunch about fit team they are so
awesome they have that youtube code for
site money so definitely check that out
on get chicom and all this other stuff
can like just beep on out like a grocery
store like so grocery store my marriage
is my shirts are form trespass a
sweatshirt calm I'll link everything
below if you guys wanna check that out
um I'm in use on pasty alright guys I'm
gonna end it here because I'm literally
just
you know saying that's boring some I
love and I'm sorry I look kind of like
Raja I like that a haircut like this
hair doesn't fit in my ponytail wrapping
the mall I love you guys and I'll see
you guys soon
mmm
