you guys what my mommy made me she made
me um apple cider warm with a little
cinnamon stick in it isn't the cutest
and I Instagram this this is the book
I'm currently reading the other boy and
girl but so cute right and there's more
like little Christmas decorations for
now gotten from Neiman's and this is so
good thank you mommy
hey guys we are oh hello we can hear it
anything so so we are about to film our
first podcast with my guest mama got
back so excited I am very excited I
might sing too she's loving it she's
living for the headphones can hear cells
in there so she's loving it so we just
tweeted now sister questions but by the
time you guys see this it'll be up and
I'll link it below its soundcloud.com /
- restriction will be the episode where
the mommy and by the way Children's
Miracle Network Hospitals you can go to
my miracle band at work to support it
just you or me and we bought Mickey ears
and Mickey shirts that was the funnest
memory it was just you and I you know I
don't get to do a lot like when you were
a younger one I have three kids we never
do anything by ourselves much but as
adults know we are I think always want
to go the movies
we're podcasting now guys you guys are
also on Trish's like so if you're a
podcast listener soundcloud.com slash
wishes or soundcloud comm / this
research now you are sushi what i'm
finding your buck this is Trish's hat
side there see it beautiful yeah if you
guys listen the podcast you can see what
she poured two things though but if it
wasn't my past you'll know probably cuz
I'm wearing leggings and this is like
ain't anything
soundcloud.com / - Trish already get
more in makeup
whoa it's breaking the equipment once
again that's great out write the
original blog big boy
oh she needs her camera it's bright
missing listen our mate first but it's
like one of those things so I can't be
bothered to get got a new purse Will's
not new it's old but I just haven't
used it I guess so it's new to me which
I love but I hold it I forgot I really
loved it my got it and I never used an
something that's gonna be sunglasses out
if I might actually go blind we are at
the original Bob's Big Boy as I was
saying I think this is the first is this
the first one mom is this the first one
yeah oh maybe it's not but we're in
Burbank
I say I'm here when my when I was like
15 and like 14 like when I was young my
daddy should commentate me CJ Lana which
was right down the tree and then we'd
have breakfast here who's here I wait in
line to get tickets really early and you
get breakfast here by the way everyone's
been coming to my flannel I guess this
is a target my Instagram my sister is
like asking to get that flannel my
target line into a target Hall on this
but I didn't think it was like really
worthy of a Hall but everyone loved it
and then my two tops um
we're here and I eat some breakfast you
haven't eaten all day and it's like 1
o'clock and we just got to be finished
rating podcast and so yeah so if you
guys want to know our thoughts on the
movie yesterday we did it on the podcast
why no not at all first world problems
tummy tuck stuff so we're gonna go eat
jeez your camera okay annachi has a
camera he knows we're at West Coast
Customs right now I'm gonna go pick out
the pink for my car I dropped off my car
here to be disassembled like like a
couple weeks ago so now we're gonna go
pick up the pink yes I haven't told you
guys we're gonna go see my car in pieces
I told you guys but I'm gonna make you a
peanut pink well I think I might have
mentioned it but I don't know I can
assure you guys the rendering is there
something but yeah right west coast it's
the same people I didn't pick my ride
I'm getting my ride pimped in pink they
wanted pink a black on the top and I was
like no we need pink all around so I'll
show you guys what it looks like and
hopefully would pick the right color
pink but yeah that's why I haven't had a
carb
don't want me thing here some sweets I
just human wonder look at the bakery
part of it like that
it looks
you know it just looks cute get one for
later this little tree although right
now undergoing you to the grocery store
are seen as was worried about
whimpering photos may create my mom
knows about this place
until she's nobody on the meal all right
you show them all right what I was
thinking in the bar here
no balls today Friday reporter Walsh so
happy I have to show you guys this is so
funny they have a pin-up girl I'm gonna
one of my vintage clothes from this
website called pinup girl
the owner hates me side was scared to go
and we went in but donor Wednesday we
wanna try it out there like reply right
but look at how cute it it's like Chris
all owners a bitch she's a bitch all the
time but how cute it is
I'm going cuz she'll probably be like
you're filming my property but basically
look at a public sidewalk I'm getting
that promotion because this this place
has cute clothes I'm not gonna like I'll
just give you guys the rundown on the
owner situation someone sent her a video
of me being like my troll videos from
back in the day when I was like I think
men are better than women and I'm
anti-feminist and someone sent the owner
her name's Laura that my thing I should
hide block me from ever ordering from
her again but well yeah because I guess
they're feminists like they promote like
women look that was a trolling video and
a girl owner if you're watching it was a
trolling video like five years ago when
I was stupid and just wanted to like say
stupid things for money but anyways good
stuff if you like kind of girl but I'll
probably block more during so I better
go plays a big order now because I mean
never gonna order them cute stuff of
your plus size they have like yeah
they're sucks cute and it's in Burbank
and my mom got her Porto's she has a
video on that
that's her Channel oh we're doing
another podcast okay well I love the I
love the ambition what the first choice
got my eyebrows waxed raised eyebrows on
fleek that all because oh because she's
goodies I'm gonna go get some food out
but my mom's can't these things she's
making lemon bar this girl we can
continue
you guys look at all these fun things we
got all these are all the Curie's I got
some tea
look what the cat beds salted-caramel
hot cocoa carry cup some Starbucks so
excited and I got all the like carrots
and brew it's okay Christmas charge what
candy em what know they have really hot
guys at this we're all the time come
here
hot guy alert the bait warm no I'm
inside for the lemon bars actually else
I've been anticipating those open it's
definitely not me okay I love it mom
um yeah we're in the boring part now but
cute
