there's me wicked sauce I haven't worn
me in that that's old warm there's the
good witch and Elphaba the Wicked Witch
wicked thing would be so happy I'm a
blogger forever but there's no jeans
this is my new mug from the Space Center
endeavour and there's my mommy's little
legs walking by nice and warm and I'll
show you guys my new train Oh what
smells already drinking already got the
shampoo and I'm wearing my Raiders but
I'm gonna be wearing a train a train
sweatshirt soon because it is cold my
hair looking crave movies I'm like we're
bringing apples into the movies get a
style of it well I'm glad I blogged
before we left because my battery's
about to die so I need to go downstairs
and get my other battery because ii
always charge him inside the movie what
everything
are you sure - no I don't even know
Christmas with the Cooper's I was like
hanging on mr. Cooper but that's a
different thing
all right we are going to target first
under to the movies
hey guys somewhere in the car now I have
my train I had a wardrobe change my
train shirt you get your pants
that's about.com and my little hair like
still frizzy because I haven't flat
ironed it so earlier today I shall help
you like this you know go sign
I'm trying no Maryam um I had a friend
stopped by earlier today I saw he came
by really earlier I didn't have to have
a flat iron tree here and now we're back
in the valley we are going to target and
we're seeing a movie but actually if
you're here that we used to go to like
it's not really huh no I want to North
Hollywood remember oh let's say we could
go see if there's movie times around
here but I don't know where the theatres
are oh right let's go go back my way
anyways but we're gonna see movie 7 and
like let's go target but now there's so
much traffic that are feeling wrong you
mean Tiger like 20 minutes no there's
not
which is weird and there's are quite but
like that doesn't have nachos and I'm
like starving because I think not eaten
all day
I had a bag of Cheetos and few burgers
you know I feel like I always do too huh
yeah she's not bad because I throw up
and then like I told them but I don't
know if I told you I think in life was
intolerant - I was mayor maybe to see
something bad cheese's but I had a
chicken ezgi from Earth cafe - I saw
this in a blog and I got so sick after
eating it and I had a cheese pizza and
also sick after eating that - I think
I'm like I'm thinking like lactose but I
love dairy so I can never get enough so
I'm like whatever it's like movie
popcorn I know it's gonna make me sick
but I eat it anyways so yeah where's
your train shirt my mom's not wearing
her train
don't have a train I gave you oh honey
that gray one Oh mom I gave you a hoodie
let's just shake what about this one I'm
like I guess you don't wear that one but
I got it good I didn't know you did that
to me I told you three times yes yes
I've seen that in the bedroom
my mom literally knows about my mind no
I she just doesn't listen to me that's
the things just doesn't mean they'll not
be wearing my hoodie do for the lights
and the theaters when we were younger we
always wore a hoodie sweatshirt with my
mom thought we'd get lice on the chair
so we'd always had to put our heads up
we were very paranoid about lights back
in the day my mom one time for that now
do we train to tutors ashamed to teach
you mom choo-choo-choo bitch Hospital
okay guys so I was I said by but I don't
mean it because there's this system
little building over here the Sherman
Oaks Hospital my sister and I donated
blood and we both passed out and why did
you donate one ticket free tickets The
Laugh Factory makes it worth it no and I
don't even think we use them because I
think you'd only go on like a Wednesday
or something stupid like that we didn't
go to breaking after but so many
memories in the valley so I thought I'd
share that little tippet with you guys
because I think the Planned Parenthood I
used to go she's coming up to the one I
used to get medicine from so many
memories so many memories still a little
time without the must include looks good
don't you stomachs just hungry at this
point
Petey so we made her to Target and I was
very underwhelmed by the Christmas
section so we're just getting fluting
out because there was nothing magical
happening in the Christmas section so
now we're in the sweet section I'm
wearing my tree and share
hashtag train yeah thanks I'm glad you
like my gift I gave you my mom's green
powder chair for my lemon bars when I
might learn we should do have hot sauce
tonight then I'm gonna have warm apple
cider
you be like shorty balls oh well we can
get them at City Walk that's where we're
going the night has just begun mom the
night is young
we always say that we like sleep right
won't get home like pass out but we're
gonna make it count
right this would do Scott food because
because this was underwhelming chips in
that I'm gonna get some toiletries
I had pasta at home I just had no she
isn't fine how do I got the cheese on to
the next venture of more food movie no
one's here literally so empty
we peden are getting our food we're
seeing no today yes yester I'm gonna get
the mashed potatoes I think so I'm just
gonna get our little snacks but they're
your hot dogs you should get that
oh excuse me are you bring your tops I
got home the inside of Target I brought
many tums first I know I get sick off
popcorn but so excited for some food
you're makin butter on this my god
that's gonna spoon yeah I got it I got
it I doesn't try to blog can you guys
see me over my big popcorn
I had to vlog and I almost want my drink
for you guys
mmm get some of this buttery yeah Warren
isn't it
Wow all right yummy and there's our
popcorn butter drinks yes we're here
like not even our like had a movie
screening yes but we're not a 7.65 and
no one's in here and this is a new one
this is that Christmas what's it called
love from the Coopers or something yeah
no one's in here
I think it's like new now I feel like it
just came out but I had to show you guys
because this is like so cool I've never
been in a movie where you have a big
girl sees oh you're a little woman
this girl's my sleepover
