oh no you don't have to do that get out
all right guys this is it it's
completely empty
I am so sad okay actually I don't know
what it is but this is the right adult
light for the past three and half years
and like really sad
there's my champion and my orange juice
that was stained Brown for some reason
but they're putting all hardwood in here
my kitchen ants are coming the kitchens
all cleared out this is so tiny compared
to my kitchen now that I have like so
little like how do I even fit my life in
here you guys my hoarding room at one
this time alright guys this is that
courting room now it looks so big all my
stuff in it but like when I first moved
in here I thought oh my god these gloves
are so huge I was so excited about it
but now on to the next am painting all
those walls I got really lucky because
they're gonna paint all the walls and I
better we're just hanging the curtains
on its last thing take down this used to
be so attacked
crazy crazy I love this apartment I do
always gonna hold such a place in my
little little cart so I'm gonna just
show you guys one final time
it's the entryway my little beach my
little beach house I got this beach
house and Islands 24 this is a big
breakup and every thought has a stable
job
big things big thing for me
California lemon on the bigger and
better things
any last thoughts as dresses God my mama
mean so much but even right now if I
tell you you know me and and honored
here she was up so straight there's my
mom in a nutshell there's a lot of
things around green know everything I
found oh they're on Sullivan oh yeah I
brought the fruit so Phantom
