it's recording my Christmas music today
but I don't know where my producer is
I'm so excited we are reporting but this
is music I'm like in all black because
one songs were recording is my crew so
stops the anti-christmas anthem and I
just thought you know must be
anti-christmas for it because I'm kind
of early so I don't know I guess I'm
just I'm not that early like 10 minutes
early so I'm just chillin chillin
okay I was in she's my toenails yeah my
toenails that I've done
but I show you guys my toenails and
there's like oh I didn't mind host this
morning is it weird that I shaved my
toes they don't get like hairy overnight
but they get a little like stubble
trying to show you I just tell you
something to be embarrassed anymore I
don't know I have a hair read hole was
like one day everything is not like
Bunny great there girl so I was walking
the hair and her knuckles of her toes or
something in purse was like blonde but
I'll just show you guys this so we can
get over at this whole like toe thing
toe hair there's my toes he is coming
down wash money on my toes that's not my
toes great no the toes are bad I can't
wait are you smoking what is that that's
how you were like I lit the candles
he said Oh phrase ambiance he said he
was shaved just for me and I mean it was
so I only ever seen you shake no
actually that's all good thank you for
seeing my devotion for real I know and
then just for me why were you saved well
because I want to be professional
producers okay that decline is not the
real reason one reason no was it I hate
shaving that's why I'm never shaving
literally 15 years younger
thank you like I mean you look young
anyways but that you literally like
you're 20 now with your longer hair you
look so good he came up he's like
feeling so smoothly Duty done smooth I
am going to show my brought my laptop
was a mission of mine my music video
you're gonna get the exclusives of my
music videos that I have been aliens I'm
going to show you been
yeah and we're matching black mm-hmm
Christmas that Trisha says this holiday
go and be a super fair so Patrick Church
the says this holiday eat all the turkey
make and I would say Nick be a lazy
bitch Trish myth is for you and you and
me
love you do this seriously the last
parts of the song we're finishing
Christmas sounds sad yeah war Christmas
Christmas hours females music I'm trying
to convince them to YouTube so everyone
should go does champ eat meat meals
music Pete Mills music Pete Mills music
what is it I swear oh okay one sorry if
there's other other people's music
trying to convince him to put up his
music video so if he puts it up I'll
link it below you guys chuckle and make
support them if not just go to channel
anyways and be like the music video out
because it's all good and he won't but
maybe I will
x marks the heart mm-hmm hot I can't zip
by the way guys we just wrapped up our
Christmas songs I mean it's a long time
resin because we're like adding and like
foot rubs in Merry Christmas thank you
beef and we're gonna go eat now it's
really dark I'm waiting in the car for
Pete Pete Mel gonna get some dirty
Mexican as he called it lo Mexican what
was it a cheap Mexican Mexican coffee
yeah so we're gonna go get some Mexican
China now peace okay this is the Mexican
in plays and it's gonna give it like a
little hole in the wall
this is beach picking once again first
of all we need to say let me go out I'm
digging the place because right now
we're gonna say thank you so much
what does anyone Swiss dos Fritos
Doritos dos Fritos marriage 35 years Wow
yeah he loves this place though we're
gonna try this but the chips are good
and now we're gonna try I'll tell you
how this good taste Abdullah um pretty
good Freddie good fight the I have work
in my bids brigham about more time I'm
Michael
