hey guys um so it is been a minute since
I logged I'm going to get my nails done
because they're really lifting Pat and
um I don't know I just need to get out
my house because it's been about it's
been a while it's been a while since
I've logged um uh I don't know when you
guys have seen this apply sometime next
week um but it's been about a week since
my um this is my video where I'm just I
exposed my relationship that I was in I
guess so I don't know I've been really
numb
I haven't eaten and I haven't gone out
in the house really I didn't shower it
actually it's like the first time I'm
like not with my hair yep was like the
first time I showered and I washed my
hair something kind of in half dress I
have a bra on so um but yeah so I just
thought I don't know why I'm in this
room oh I know I was gonna be a channel
I've been obsessing with this chapstick
lately because my lips have been so
chopped the sick little where's it from
Jack Black I think it's the intense
therapy these rooms for I don't know I
hate Spore now but he had something on
cuz hey let's hurry so chat this seems
like all is gone very moving soul into
this my lips it feels so good hazy all
in the mirror how they don't mind okay
no but I just feel like I haven't talked
about it on my blog really um kind of
like I'm not really even looking to talk
about it right now
um I think I will in time like maybe get
to talk about it a little more without
you know that was an angry video and I
did add anger I don't regret it
um I think by putting it out there he'll
get the help he needs
um and I won't get much more into it
than that because um at the end of the
day I do love him and care about him
and um I mean we can't be together
obviously um and maybe doesn't wanna be
with me and
not that I don't know what it's very
hard for me to articulate how I feel
like what I'm feeling and I feel like
it's even harder for people to
understand I think when you're in
relationships friendships whatever the
case may be when they end if they're
genuine friendships and relationships
you know feelings don't just go away you
don't just stop care what person even if
they've done something horrible to you
and I say this with friends too I say
this with anyone like anyone I'm friends
with at certain point it's real I self
compassion and love for them and and at
the time I just you know it's just hard
especially and not especially well kind
of like even when people don't
reciprocate it to me I'm sorry this is
like not making you sense it's very very
hard for me to explain it's very hard
for me to even understand like why I
feel the way I do I mean but we're not
gonna ever be together me this guy never
I care about his well-being and I'm I
think I bonded with this person so much
because of issues we have and I just
really hope he can take care of his
issues and and I hope I can take care of
mine and sometimes a song with this um
friend came over last night um and just
talking with that person he's just like
you know maybe maybe you can't change
you know because I you know he knows
certain things about me that it's that
are very flaw that many people want to
understand or look past and he's just
like maybe you just have to accept that
that's who you are and it's gonna you
can't really change it because my issues
this other guy's issues it's something
that you can get out for but can you
ever really change a problem maybe but
sometimes that means it may be you can't
sometimes it'll be a life struggle and I
don't know I'm like kind of just
blabbing but just know that I'm doing
better
I like shower here so I'm doing better
and I just thought I'd go get my nails
done like just a light venture out into
the real world cuz I really haven't left
in a week which is very bad I've been my
blinds have been drawn I've been very
just shut off completely like I had some
pre-recorded videos of course going up
on this channel and my main channel
so I've been just which is good because
it's you know Jim point my job so it's
you know I need it those and that's a
good thing that they were up because I
really haven't felt like you know doing
anything and I think with if you had
like a nine-to-five job you just can't
go and be like hey I had a heartbreak so
um I'm glad that I was able to get that
goes up for you guys yeah I'll be okay I
really will I know I will it's just it's
something that I I feel I've gone
through
once before I'd almost the exact same
situation kind of but I took me a very
long time to get over that guy it was
very long time and my very nervous
that's gonna take that longer and I
didn't know this guy for as long I mean
to know me there's a long time but being
in a relation for like five years with
somebody so um so hopefully I only take
about half that time to get over it from
this person and feel while before I
start dating I'm just gonna get through
the holidays do my Christmas music I
have a very fitting Christmas song for
this I can't wait to share with you guys
that was actually writing it because
we've just been mean hit this guy I've
been going there are times for a while
uh I thought a month I guess so I'm
sorry guys to listen to that song but
yeah I'm gonna go get my nails change
from this pink sparkly and my car is
still at West Coast Customs so uh he was
there well they're telling anyone about
this
oh I don't know why do I feel like I did
not talk about this yeah my cars being
out what suppose Custance gain customer
so I don't get it back like a week and a
half or like two week so I'm at that a
car so I got it uber but I needed you
out of the house so it's like I might as
well just go get my nails done and try
and look you know so ratchet
has it been looking and I was sitting
get out of that shower for like a week
it was bad okay um thanks guys for being
here and like supporting and like I just
I really appreciate it like I don't know
I mean I I wasn't perfect in the
relationship that's the other thing
everyone dressed I wasn't perfect in the
relationship and I feel like I should
just look whole everybody honest but I
know I was improved in doing a shift
like y'all you know not all but a lot of
people were being like cool Trish knew
and choice with us and just showing like
I wasn't perfect I was blind and I was
in love and I was stupid and I was
original and I was naive and I know all
this stuff um
but I know that I've showed you love him
so why did I'm gonna do it you can't
like leave the love but one day I know I
will stop caring about him I I know that
because I mean can't say no don't know
that but I feel that because you know I
had the same feeling when I broke up
with um her when we broke up I guess I
don't know what is I'm gonna go like get
some more it's really Thursday
I don't know what that was kept in
Yellowstone it's inspired by she ended
up marrying so real come back home now
to sleep
it's Austin tired
that she's been in Salem she got to
Shannon for posting girls like forever
ago
look screenshotted it like a creeper
