hey Britt annie the musical there's a
mom she made it Annie hi there look at
her hair just a trooper tonight took my
future everything there was handling and
we're at the pantages excited my any
jazz yes so I should get a funny usually
loved us and Dean but I might feel like
we're like why is she just like this is
really similar like I feel like usually
invest somatic but this is like too
similar so it's cute but maybe not this
place looks like I'm diluted yes he's
being about you're like like delusional
sound mom's reading with a little
playful like a mom or somebody in those
maybe we will who knows la i turn on my
camera I saw this ceiling and I thought
that was so cool like I did I never
looked up and it's like so me so I show
my mom but we're an intermission how you
liking it so far great I'm snapchatting
thanks mommy and badges for me I love it
the little boy next week or so he's so
cute he's not here now but be so cute
and the moms like any animal sitting
next to you it was very exciting he's
really cute oh this is like not cute
it's like squeezing my arms loba I like
never born this dress but I bought it
specifically to look like yeah me too
long ago I never had a reason to wear so
like Danny but that's of course not
catching it's you know it's yours oh
that's going I was my fact that she was
watching okay I any dress and my cute
little here I just can't pull up the red
vibe like this little girl can finally
she's pulling off use I see the dogs
actually really can't I don't even like
dogs and I'm like obsessed with this dog
wait where's off you Oh doesn't live
with her I thought she lived with her in
the movie
guess not for the quick OOTD the dress
is from modcloth and the shoes are from
pin-up girl clothing oh my gosh guys
this is um the first time I've ever
gotten our cafe polina Playboy bunny PP
1 97 here um she ah she instagrams
exactement of a day it's quesadillas and
a pizza I've never had before but it
pros made it i'm super excited to eat
this is like my lunch so not on my diet
but it's like my splurge day i'll show
you guys what's inside alright so this
is the pizza i got just a kind of cheese
pizza is called margarita pizza closest
thing they have and then these are at
the grilled chicken quesadillas I got
longer I'm so excited eat this like so
much dairy I have to like I'm lactose
intolerant because I've been getting
sick out there you lately but I'm gonna
get it anyways analyze my Holocaust okay
that was really good but yeah I think it
might be lactose intolerant like I'm not
kidding like I feel kind of really sick
and it's not the place or anything cuz
on what night was it saturday night
we're going to see Annie we ate some
cheesecake factory and I had cheese
nachos and like usually I get this like
pasta and I asked for no sauce but they
put the creamy like white sauce on it
not the it's not afraid of but it's like
a cream sauce like buttery creamy sauce
um lighter than alfredo and I was so
sick all night I took like five times
and I'm like my moms like maybe you're
like lactose intolerant and I was like
maybe because I've been getting really
sick so I don't know that was really
good and I really love cheesy things but
honestly I'm gonna have to try and like
cut out cheese and dairy and milk and
see if it helps my stomach because i
can't really sick like I ate maybe 20
months ago and I've already like sick
from it so home it's gonna be sad i'm
gonna be like so sad about it but i
might need to because obviously i can't
like I literally guys this is so
embarrassing and literally have a whole
huge homes all right by me like all
times cuz like
maybe it'll help clear my skin I guess
we'll see how it goes I mean I'd rather
like feel good and always feel sick I
mean it's gonna be so hard as I love
dairy and cheese hey lovey that's life
right we'll see if that said if that
helps it has to because i've only gotten
sick when i've been eating like really
like cheese heavy things and I just had
a quesadilla and cheese pizza so I found
the suspect the convict the cause
