oh my gosh I'm so Karthik I came down
the hill and I'm like coming towards the
Beverly Hills side so I was like really
swerving and oh my god I was looking at
houses over here it's so crazy
Oh crazy um no I was getting so sick and
I just don't know and I my battery's
allowed to die what the heck ah so many
cameras so many batteries and I got so
confused by it all but yeah I am driving
back what else is new I feel like when I
walk I would like get inspired a volume
in the car because like I'm driving and
you guys are coming with me I'm a
journey but I'm just going to meeting
I'm actually like going to meet with a
manager yeah she manages a lot of
YouTube talent and so I'm like okay like
I need like a real manager like I I did
have kale for like a minute nothing he
wasn't a real manager but like he
doesn't really know but like the YouTube
social media world so I'm like really
excited this guy cuz like I do a lot of
stuff on my own like a lot of this stuff
I get and do our on my own or through
style also this is someone like
completely separate because like I don't
know I kind of want to just do more I've
been having a little bit of a rough time
I haven't been vlogging but I've had a
little bit of a like a sadness drought
no a happiness drop because I've been
running dry of happiness a little bit of
a sadness era and I'm trying to like get
out of it by just being really creative
I'm decided I am doing my Christmas
songs which I wasn't sure I was gonna do
but I decided okay I pulled the trigger
it's happening to original custom songs
to Christmas videos and I'm just gonna
do it and I'm gonna put my energy to
that but aside from that I want to put
my energy and lots more just being
creative it's not even about working
your money for me it's just more of them
of just being creative and I feel like a
manager kind of gives you like more
opportunities to do that whether it's a
TV film
staged whatever you know hopefully and
hopefully I don't nobody can help me
organize some sort of tour like I don't
know I just wanna I just wanna be
creative and I want to do more and just
for my own sanity and like state of mine
because you know I just need to be busy
I just focus too much on this guy I just
it's like still kind of fresh I might
get into like the full story like one
day maybe next year like the full story
of the full drama takes like just years
basically I think anyone that knows my
drama story but this guy I mean
literally has known me for years and
it's always a saga every single day
every time I see them so it's just it is
what it is I'm not like I said I mean I
know it's always like here just curious
to know and I the thing is I don't even
really know we had one little one little
thing and I'm not just on this one
podcast we had one little argument that
caused them to not talk to me forever
again so I don't know I think honestly
it was just something like he was
looking for a way out maybe that fight
was the one that did it I don't know why
can I counter stand it and like yeah I
don't I don't want to focus on that
because I am doing something positive
and productive for myself today and I
think that's what's most important
because I've been moping in the house I
know I look a little fatter because I'm
eating so much I've been post mating and
post mating and post mating meal after
meal and I told myself no more post
mating and not today like I can so Norma
was meeting for at least a week or until
I see Shane but no work was ready alone
maybe that should be the rule that were
post-natal own because that's just kind
of depressing sometimes fun bunch of
pressing and if you do it over and over
just like a super depressing but
these hells are like they make me so
nauseous
Oh new phone case it has a basic
propellant for all my basic bitches kiss
them goodbye and then I have a new purse
this is my all sans wine in the video so
you talking about how much I love it and
I think I'm probably gonna mention in a
favor cuz I actually really love it I'm
just like basic it's hair just like a
basic like leather black leather purse
but I love it I don't know there's
something like I like more Sheila Potter
a favorites by my own flippers
but I love it it's a good fall bag it's
black it's big you can throw stuff it
kind of hurts my shoulder but like all
big purses do right here I'm not so it's
good time to take a minute take a
breather but I thought I just get you
guys up what I'm doing yeah that really
Hills realness I was to get my snapchat
like Beverly Hills that's well oh my god
like I was like a little kid like mmm
anyone remember Ouiser at the Playboy
Mansion I wanted to be in that video so
bad alright guys lunch meeting went well
we're at the Avalon hotel it's very
bougie
jahar poplars in there oh hello and yeah
so it was good it went great I'm excited
about it hopefully it'll all work out
well and hopefully don't knock the sign
out he said that someone was in a car
like minded knock that sign over and
like there was almost like scratch
underbar um so yeah not just good the
piece of chicken which is good for my um
diet but he's hungry
why don't you just need a piece of
chicken like that was literally on the
lunch menu
yeah all the rest the day pans out this
traffic is no joke
I have like so long to get home and like
I had to pee so bad I'm scared to go
into like a fast food though I feel like
I'm gonna want to eat something struggle
gosh dang it why do I always to pee when
I wear oh I am oh my gosh you wish oh
the awesome shoes I got show you guys
watching hey we're out of red red lights
okay it's totally fine it's so dark you
guys see my kicks how cool it is it was
like the Nike sky high I had done but
look there's like little bling I don't
think they're so cute oh and I'm wearing
these target genes that I hauled to I'm
kind of um kind of feeling myself today
not gonna lie I mean I need to blot but
I'm like literally going home like
nothing exciting but I should block yeah
but I feel like cute today
oh there's a butter angle up my purse
whoa sorry guys I'm just born trying to
occupy ourselves
margherita pizza all right guys we are
at cafe Med I got fettuccine Pete got
pizza
kill me Pollard is talking about his
Halloween okay so I'm totally stealing
six from Shaitan snap he's like right
the viral video premiere party what did
you think there's only one of us here
but okay the part eaters honest way miss
the premiere I really liked it I
actually did I'm not just saying that
because I have to I'm saying that cuz I
actually really liked it did ya it look
like a movie felt like a movie the music
was good the acting was good it was like
an interesting storyline I really liked
it yeah I was so nervous he's like I
want to wait to watch it on the TV I'm
so nervous I don't watch the whole thing
I was like Paris but it wasn't that bad
because it came out when I was in my car
today so I'm gonna watch it on my phone
in traffic I'm like no I need like I
need like a TV this is the experience
right here I'm by the way trash shirt
along the way day we talked about it and
luck boom trash and you get them in pink
trash you're letting it bougie and ashy
and all of them and I love gold that
should be your outfit change tonight
guys trying to make su happy
now I'm trying to be supportive I'm
trying to be a good friend but like when
you look at it I like the idea unless
she but seeing it in text she kind of
looks like like an old person name no
blue geez everything bougie like bougie
like I get it Gigi would wear that so
bougie like a she is growing on gonna
take a minute but maybe if you guys all
start wearing it would you rather be
ashy or slash yes understand when you're
a trash of egg or like a she trash
refreshing just a confusing we're
watching our video and we're wearing our
trash turds and you get these that just
means less pressure calm
leave it thumbs up if you think that she
should release blooper
the credit is there a bonus in the
credits you know that would have been
really funny I think no my original idea
was after the credits Trish was gonna
pop back in on the laptop and I was
gonna say how was the rest of your night
did you eat a lot of pizza gonna have
blood on her hand it's just gonna go oh
yeah we talked about it upstairs and you
were like yes Queen and then it didn't
have oh I don't know this is the idea we
have a dream to show you I'll show you
monster it was Altos sunrise oh yeah
I've been drinking a lot of energy
drinks lately like it's my new thing
it's terrible for my skin and my body I
feel like you look so skinny like I'm
nice give it more so skinny when I went
to this donut place which by the way we
have to go to doughnuts are not that
great but it's interesting and I love
the lady I told you on the phone the
lady just kept saying like he looks
starving I'm gonna give you more and I
was like I know you're lying and I know
you're just know what I am eating up
what you're saying more Shane you look
skinny more Shane are you dying it more
Shane I think you have a problem more
Shane you smell like vomit more Shane
are you on crack more Shane are those
are those shoot up marks I saw that are
you shaving still no I stop I'm trying
to let it grow hair to grow you like
Trevor Moran with those naked arms I
love it or Moran not Veron using Rambo I
say Moran but yeah we should get the
doughnuts and you do look skinny
everyone go tell Shane he looks so
skinny in his video don't laugh but not
a crab
