another day another target happy blog
arrest you find I'm a period officially
not last night I was getting it this
morning
cramps I need super tampons and wait all
her periods echoing I swear people tell
me this all the time they're like maybe
your period more than anyone I know ah
so a couple of her O'Shea's even though
they cut my fingers open we've done with
the ferraro shades there was three left
in that box and I just wanted to eat
them I have my period it was an excuse
also keep the true love I can't stay
long because the kind of identity it's
like a windstorm out today holy cow okay
right off
I already have a little discussion on
well it's an etiquette even though I
don't like to say like fans I feel like
I don't do anything fan worthy a lot of
people Collins doesn't have a fan and
that's cool but I always get weird but
myself because has seen me fangirl over
Jason Momoa and Donny Osmond and Rick
Moranis and all these people over the
years there's like an etiquette I have a
little bit of a pet peeve I love I love
like it's a truly magical experience for
me what I mean people that watch my
videos and like generally get it and
like our cool cool peeps
love it we're just having me oh my god I
feel like a rock star feels amazing my
biggest hope you have two things I hate
when people scream and yell my name to
see like if I'll turn around like after
they passed me oh my god
and the big top Raja I like people turn
around like that's I think it's just
rude to like yell for somebody like yeah
somebody named um and also like if you
want to say hi say hi if you think it's
me and don't want to say hi like okay
that's cool be like oh my god is that
sure like oh that's for sure or whatever
like that okay cool like don't say I
don't care but like to Dowell it's like
super reason I'm wishing I'm not with
people I just think it's like I'm not an
animal you know what I mean
the other thing I hate and I think
people mean this like in a shy way maybe
but look I'm a shy person to like if I'm
gonna go up and say something to
somebody I'm gonna be like hey are you
Jason well are you Johnny husband if I'm
a curious or if I'm like oh my god
you're hot Jason mo are you like if
you're truly in disbelief that that's
somebody you see my biggest pet peeve
I'm taking it through that you have the
worst crabs right now
I almost got a pumpkin bread for my
favorite philippe's for lunch so I don't
want to spoil it
I just got a small iced tea to take this
with what
and both of these occurrences just
happened there
they're all Starbucks like you're not
sure char you like I was just like
shocked cuz usually no one's ever I'm in
Corona Ashley no one's ever in Corona
and then the other girl she was sweet
after because she had bind me when I saw
her again but the other girl was like
you look so familiar like I just a pet
peeve like I hate it because it's like
it puts me in a really awkward position
like I was alone but like if I'm with
someone like it's like one way I'd be
like oh you know for YouTube and I've
done that before or like I'll be like oh
maybe YouTube click now okay I've been
on some TV shows which ones oh my gosh I
don't know happen to me to be I've never
seen it like you know to me like it's
it's awkward for me to say it and it's
awkward like if this is awkward it's
like and when they know because I'm not
gonna feel bad because the girls like
you look really familiar but oh yeah
like cuz I just I hate that I hate it
like you either know it's me or you
don't and if you think it's me be like
oh my god are you Trisha Paytas or like
are you Trisha are you on YouTube or
something to make me like to give me a
sign that you're not just like shooting
in the dark and just like or being asked
like this or I'd know wasn't being an
asshole cuz that's where she kept I have
a nice day feeling well after after I
said oh yeah and trend say anything I
said something like I come in here a lot
or something like that um oh yeah maybe
that's it
so that I was like okay and then when I
left she's like by and she was nice and
fine but like don't put me in the
position to tell you who I am you know
what I mean like not to not even like a
braggadocious way being like okay I
shouldn't tell you who I am not that
it's just like it's awkward I don't want
to go up to people in became I own the
Internet
I'm on YouTube you know what I mean well
I guess someone comes up to me and be
like oh hey you look familiar maybe I
went to school with that person or
something like that you know what I mean
like especially out here because I went
to Community College and I went to high
school little bit out here this way so
that's it it's a little puppy even made
me feel super awkward I felt super bad
and like it just makes me feel weird
it's like you look familiar
it's like okay well I don't know I can't
tell you where you know me from you know
what I mean like I said it's cool to me
like oh my god are you tribuna sore like
you look like Trisha Paytas or like you
look like you're sure
aren't you on YouTube like something not
just big you look for my Erica's
my arm has been looking so swollen
family I hate it all right I gotta
continue the journey to my dad's yeah
son my phone in making good time I have
terrible cramps so we just finished
watching a movie called gangster land
dad's house it was really weird movie it
looks like a low-budget like Al Capone
gangster movie and just like a lot of
shooting this is like it was not a happy
happy movie but it was interesting look
like it's a low-budget like low-budget
acting but now we're gonna go get some
lunch at my favorite restaurant
Phillippe's in Temecula which I'm super
excited about got my pasta and I don't
see where the day goes after that some
Christmas trees set up pretty good movie
though I'm Mel Gibson son mute oh my
little Gibson actually don't know which
one he is so I was gonna look that up
and see my daddy hey dad you're never in
my logs bad but people yet still
recognize Minh as sometimes not like to
be on camera but I always feel like you
should be I still came down to somewhere
down my my event my dad was the original
that owner in our family so shut him the
car and take him for a ride and see what
else we got going on today project the
movie critic crazy lots of shooting no
happy ending on that one this is my
lunch giant spaghetti and yours thank ya
okay guys that was the quickest quick
change of my life I came home I was in
traffic for like literally two half
hours which does not usually take that
long for me so I came home I my make up
some outfit like head to toe puzzling
out that's cuz I've been gaining weight
as models for shades have been eating
this took me all like ten to 15 minutes
and he's on his way so I like brush and
I can't get myself summer really allowed
today as long as my ears are like pop my
head is just stuffed at this point I
much like my belly in these pants go to
America and pair up and just always
second me and I'm a fat day and I
totally forgot to like it what we're
doing I'm meeting up with Jason tonight
to go to men evil times and not this
Jason there's an energy since my music
should hold up was that super creepy if
someone comes over a tank top that you
sure it's myself everywhere but me and
Jason Nash I recorded many times we
talked about it months ago and he hasn't
gone yet
I think it's his first time so excited
medieval times is like my all-time
favorite place every year for my
birthday when I was a little girl we'd
go there like that's how much I loved it
it was like our one-year special trip
just rubber thing going just for fun I
love being adult be open for me no no
I'm talking to Trisha I turn that off
too
Jake if there's one thing I don't fuck
with its go I know I guess you have to
it just goes are you being better
I'm being dead look at that I'm being
dead ass I swear to God I guess it and
that all the lights off in your house
I don't know if I left all the lights
off I probably left some lights on
I didn't go around there I thought I had
a fucking thing wide open on my blog
he's being serious
there's no one moving in the house like
I'm looking at Hyde right now no one's
moving in the house right now right
dude I don't know how anyone know you
please the street yeah I have somebody
in the street to help you I I just don't
want to go in and I have anybody on the
outside okay take my laptop whatever you
do but the problem is if I go in there
right now
I'm not going to be able to be fun I'm
just gonna be like stealthy I'm gonna
get out and you know I mean pickups and
come I can do it a lot of the matches
the queries everybody I'm home me now
bye-bye
serious yeah that's so scary I can't oh
and he's not but I would call like a cop
to come in because like what if
someone's like hiding in there or
something you know what I mean like
that's scary if all the lights run on
the doors open I would call the cops
immediately but come over and look look
through the house so scary
yeah I guess you could call it oh yeah
of course just if I call the cops even
if I like alarm just goes off from the
wind I'm gonna call the cops
let's make it so scary like it there an
hour before and you like walk around the
castle you have like bars you have
horses they have like a dungeon really
yeah but see we're gonna miss all that
okay we are we're gonna miss off of it
you would land laughter no you can't
because it's closed after like everyone
closes down especially cuz we're the
last show their first fight know is only
not our first fight I feel like we
always fight it's always like being late
I love our nagging relationship this a
boy sound different to you did you have
something done to my voice yeah every
boy's done you say that yeah baby
yeah it sounds like a man a little bit
huh well masculine force um yeah we're
going to my favorite place on earth met
evil times I haven't been here since
late 25th birthday and we have to get
VIP but when you have VIP King package
you get a photo you get front-row you
get a banner you get a commemorative
program you get like the works but if
you get like basic you're like in the
last row okay and I feel like you are
cheap and would go for the basic we're
gonna die and for seven Jason's car I
like this car this is cute it's a very
dad car everyone always says that know
that kids can be in the back of your car
boy you're like a soccer dad like let's
go to soccer practice kids I got the
Sport Package wait really
yeah um we just got we just got worried
that um David thinks someone broke into
my house oh my godness probably heard
some of that or maybe he did yeah well
first of all I was an actual crisis and
Jace is like looking for his camera and
he's like turn on your camera I'm like
no like if that happened to me and so
David was there at the house and he was
gonna go inside like the lights were on
the doors are open I'm like no you
called the cops
okay what's going on what the wind yeah
no I locked it when I left
dude I I left I I locked the door I got
in the car why I said I need my air pods
I went back in I grabbed the air pods
and I locked the door
straight up the front door yeah and I
locked it Oh what are you talking about
I can't sing to her I locked that door
and I left
okay well who's it did you find anyone
to go into the house with you I didn't
turn all the lights off no I always
leave lights on yeah cuz when I left it
wasn't dark yet so now it looks like so
I'm sure it's fine maybe the kitchen
door I'm positive I locked that kitchen
door all right
well did you get the Santa suit it's so
fun to see him scared because he's never
scared of a tête-à-tête real he's
he's really brave but I guess he's not
if he was a murderer
you should call the police well maybe I
didn't close the back door I thought I
did
maybe maybe I'm pretty sure I went lock
I'm almost positive I went locked that
side door
well alright go get the Santa suit you
should be fine there's nobody in there
look if someone had broken in they would
have like taken my laptop and left you
pick the gate in I can go get the Santa
shoes after I'll be brave I'm not afraid
of ghosts you know why they don't exist
all right call me let me know I thought
we were gonna have to turn around I was
like oh we're gonna get this canceled
are my favorite night out was gonna be
canceled cuz I didn't know not to that's
like you're like his person use that
like your is like person that you always
go to him I'm his person for sure but he
was lots of hanging nobody understands
that we're out to vlog so he would never
you would never step on that
I love hanging out with YouTube where's
where that reason he's like a Latinas
we're blocking psych yet he'd be like
dying in the hospital if he knew I was
getting hit like YouTube on my friend
ones would call his daughter and pretend
I'm Santa Claus for real you ask that my
really really good friend how was his
daughter fine
okay I thought I don't playing my angels
it's weird oh well I'm looking for Kate
is this her voicemail it's Santa Claus
and I wanted to call your let you know
I'm working hard here in the North Pole
making all the toys and guess what I got
your list there's quite a few things on
here but you know what I'm pretty sure
I'm going to get to all of them
so you look for me Kate Christmas Eve
I'll be at your place and make sure you
leave me some cookies
I like oatmeal chocolate chip
snickerdoodle and
yep those three alright then you have a
great Christmas
say hi to your mom and dad for me Kate
oh I'm off on my sleigh
I'm going to get it tuned up so I'll be
in working order Christmas Eve night got
a lot to do ok then bye bye that's kind
of hot
I like to yawn I'm not gonna even lie
bothering you on I did that way so I was
like an old man it wasn't like Santa
Claus is like an old why are you selling
- Oh creepy guys like when I was like
each night a 40 year old man but now
that I'm like almost 30 have to date
like 70 year old man - feeling young you
know that my age range has gone up I
don't like that I'm like closer to your
like closer when I was 18 I would have
thought holiday 4244 and I was not 44 I
was like oh my god so old I'm at this
hot thing but now I'm like close to that
age I'm like you know yeah I don't like
it oh I like to be like really young
like a 70 year old with a 29 year old
seems like I made it but like a 44 year
old this one is a oh you're too old for
me I'm too old for you cuz you do go on
dates with people under like 24 I'm like
damn with the fog like I really don't
you I've seen vlog where you went out
with a date with someone who's like 26
years old
and I had one date one see I can't
computer that's why I got a date people
are like 70 never call me back yikes I
always say that I mean it nothing I got
is me the times that's it oh my god
that's a lie you kidding me
but you're also rich now so I feel you
can get anybody I feel like you just
don't show your richness so these young
girls don't know but see you're good
like that you like catfish them like
you're the opposite they like don't know
you're rich so they can't be a gold
digger
you're like oh I live with three
roommates and I have kind of like a you
know a dad car yeah what happened okay
so the back door was open yeah the
kitchen door was the sliding glass door
open
okay was the sliding glass door closed
I don't know I don't know why maybe
maybe I didn't lock up I'm positive I
locked that kitchen door was it unlocked
or was it good to closed at least okay
well then I guess I fucked up I was
positive I shut both and locked up but
maybe not okay great see you later right
now that is cute like I always cut an
end up it was real or not well that was
like actually cute authentic you know
what David yeah he's sweet I didn't know
sometimes you have to commute each other
yeah it's hard when there's cameras on
or stuff being reported that's how
that's how that's how people that's how
they they're they're entertaining so
they they start fights leaving tapings
the drama like a reality show
yeah gathered a people were yelling at
each other and I said there wasn't even
the camera on guys like so you're gonna
camera be nice to each other before the
yelling about how I roll Brandon was
yelling and saying about something like
just a mock fight you know like usually
like something I noticed tell me
none of them have manners true sir I
told you that while your one friend I
was like I does he had they're like rows
like I won't say who like one always
just like burp and fart and poop jokes
I'm like yo it's gross when when when we
go out to dinner that's like a nice
place the few times that we've been to
like a nice place the food will come and
everyone just I think that's like a
weird thing is that a millennial thing
no no because this is their 24 when we
got to like nice restaurant she doesn't
grab does it right or how about this if
there's like let's say there's three
talk let's say there's some like three
tacos and like you know you have one and
I have one let's say there's one left
your proper thing to do there is to be
like hey does anyone want this last time
yeah always well you not never take the
last thing ever like even if someone's
like no I don't want it like oh I'm done
I'm done right yeah yeah I don't want to
take the last never and that's good for
your diet too yeah I know I've been you
know I used to never share my food and
then I started gaining weight and I was
like here take it please cuz I see how
the food in front of me I love cheering
for me now I'm gonna please take
something wait so like who who grabs who
perhaps last night I'm not gonna sell it
without on your channel we tell me that
like tell you love off camera who took
the last thing is is if you watch my
vlog you probably probably said nothing
no actually had another question I'll
ask you I'll care whenever you say like
we won't say this person's damn I always
want to text you pathetic and we're not
really texting friends like that we
don't just text to say hey so it's like
I always want to ask you I gotta start
like Nikki knows because I listen to
your podcast and I can see huh you know
what I mean and so like I'm always I
want to know who that is like I don't
want to talk to you cuz rock that click
on that level yeah you know he texts me
we're not
I think is simply but this is like
vlogging well remember he's hangout we
didn't vlog was that weird I remember
that was kinda like awkward I think we
always vlog did know that one time it
was like super awkward like with five
vlog on oh it's awkward in the end okay
know and then like another time after we
didn't either when I start crying
remember that going through it so I was
having we scared yeah your friends by
the way you're scared I tell you this I
said on my vlog so it's like I can say
it again but like um it was a damn
matter over they were so scared to tell
me anything they were very like like I
would be like I'm asking about the
relationships that they had in the past
and they would be like I just I don't
know and this was off-camera right but
like I said I told them in like our Q&A
video guys talk about this like
off-camera they're like I just don't
know how much we should tell you and
this was like nobody was recording
either like having a big like I don't
ever saw youtubers ever like I never do
that like obviously even if I'm not your
friend like that's just like etiquette
that's just like code you don't like
sell out like that kind of stuff and
then ask them about like their
ex-girlfriends or relationships or
whatever and like I just I don't want to
say names I'm like no one's recording
like what the heck like scared me idea
yeah this is it those guys they they
play a very close to the best Zayn is
particularly he's very particular about
gets out there he's worried about
people's feelings a lot whereas I never
think about people's feelings is that
some but someone will be like well you
probably shouldn't say anything
yeah really okay I just feel like you
should just be like carpal i could just
say whatever you don't need me like i
don't know that's why we're best friends
cuz we're open books together we are
open you're not as open but you're
getting everything what do you want to
know you know tell me everything I feel
like a lot of time we hang out we just
have a lot like your ex-wife and I like
yeah like oh sorry times how you doing
yeah a lot of stories I like it I like I
love like older women like those are the
kind of girls I'm attracted to and so
like the more you tell me about her I'm
like oh I kind of want to meet her you
like old people yeah I do also do that
the better so what'd you do today I went
to see my father in San Diego you drove
yeah how did you get out what time you
get out I got up at 5:00 a.m. the shower
no I'm going man and I'm not doing any
cocaine Jason's like are you on any coke
he like seriously asked me sick how are
you doing it like good it's like any
coke I'm like I don't think your coke it
I just wanted to make sure you ask Dina
that question are you on any coke right
now no no what I said was are you taking
care of yourself and then you asked
because I said you understand what I
meant yeah I was like I was kind of
confused I thought you went like am I
like working out eating guy and then
you're like are you got any cocaine to
be liable if I had like an overdose
tonight like I just don't want that was
on you like I had a coke overdose and
then like it was in the news and like I
died and it was like you I was with
there's video like that security video
just be taking you and a car leaving on
the front steps of the emergency that's
scary that you would even think that
fuck you I'd be there with my camera if
I do die I want it to be like infamous
like that like you know what I mean like
I want to get murdered by like someone
famous or like have an overdose and have
someone famous with me and you're close
enough so no it's not that's the problem
with me I'm just awkward and weird first
Center on anybody any group of friends
so is everyone else that is not true you
guys are gonna collect all away I'm the
most off are you are like you're like
the Kenickie of the group but this was
Greece you would be Kentucky and I would
be a weird extra that's you any of the
hair by the way did you get haircut I
did you look really good today yeah I
just noticed that and like really
getting sweet sweet like the friends oh
it's equal than of a girlfriends I got
it I got a haircut takes us like I just
said to what I I'm with my kids all the
time and I just I don't do anything cuz
I just focus on them today I was like
guys my ex was out of town like I got a
do shit and I just left them and they
came with you oh alright called the
neighbor and I was like there next door
I was like I have my my son has his
phone I kept texting I was down the
street scaring my dad made me go
everywhere with him even in like the
men's bathroom up until I was like 12
years old yeah like you have to come to
the bathroom with me because I you're
very adaptable thanks here so excited
even not seem that excited about him I'm
smart I am yours like we're here I only
have 15 minutes of spare shit why do you
need so much time because it's a big
apple day then I'm not have a shop and
you know I love shopping and like I'm so
annoyed you are not spending wasting why
they have crowns and tiaras I'm sure
your daughter's here you'd buy her a
crown and tiara you don't need that I do
many times this is so exciting
this is where they filmed the Cable Guy
I'm so excited oh shit this oh oh it's
cuz another show is getting out oh my
god I hope you had tickets left what if
it was sold out I'd be so sad by the way
it's
after you paid that's you at the
beginning she what can I help you with
but then she's like he does become my
lord this is like my fantasy come open
I'm so excited
here my lady let me put this up we get a
free photo with our 179 dollar package
I'm super excited
look the Museum of torture this is what
we click on it we had a few dollars no
no no have time we gotta get drinks
remove the above torture for two dollars
no we get to pay two dollars in there's
a light and also kinda inappropriate for
kids entertainment plays what else is
there I'm VIP I love this Thanks
look how good that lighting is you know
the Botox kicked in for you didn't you
guys this is the best non-date day ever
like I honestly feel like this is the
coolest thing I've ever done in my
entire life I am so excited I got a
battle-axe you buy someone a battle-axe
it's not their kid where it's just like
a lot happening
see
who don't you want like another water
you don't get a lot of cool okay let's
get a water then yeah
what if we win she gets pretty hungry no
no we're good she just took care of us
triggered by the honey may have seizure
hey
oh my god I love this is so cool
it kind of feels like a day but also
could have Donny's daughter water I
think that was a real nice I really like
it
but it looked like a day kind of June
yelling on your thumb
Oh
yeah
go with me buddy
I'm Harry
maybe the work longer never
I can travel so many people like
somewhere
whatever you go they never want to
abandon that one I wanted
like I never
put your mind
our night give us a road that we put in
our
you know
that guy is waiting for you back at the
horse out back to have sex it
wait really
I'm good now how's he doing
here
like this watch this
and battling game
no Arno 30 dad is first round
are you kidding me are you kidding me
I
that is a summer like a daddy guys Jason
with all our things right now
let me think it's time to over here my
clone
now
eerie
maybe turn into CFS Oh what are we about
here you look so hot really sexy never
you are you know you are what appeared
in the glasses the diagnosis we sure is
yeah yeah that's right so you like like
oh man yeah yeah that's like a lot like
that like to be okay
well now you're not it's got a lot more
exciting I'm going to what a night that
was fun was it it's really fun to like
um to bring you into that crew because
hang out because if you like really um
if you
if you know if you just like it's just
fun to bring a new person into the group
that's all that's I'm trying to say
you get mad that I said too much I felt
bad I'm not gonna say everything I feel
like you know that about no you didn't
say I thought you'd seen enterprise nah
I think you're good okay I was like I
don't know anyways um Jason's taking me
on my coming for driver and everything
yep taking you home gonna gonna go home
now don't you hate like don't you hate
does just like I wish I could snap my
fingers at me in my bed
oh I feel bad I'm saying it okay well
we're gonna go come here battery's out
today but what an exciting night oh yeah
we went up but I don't know if that's
gonna be on anyone's walk I don't know
people were walking on who was walking
it might be a someone's well coming up
should be logged in there yeah I always
feel like weird no you should've bought
my doesn't matter most of those people
will except for David I just met all
those people for the first time tonight
and like we're gonna be like hey guys I
don't know I'm awkward I'm first except
around you you're the worst I'm not
awkward well that's why I vlog so oh hey
my battery's dying thanks for a fun date
night we called it a date on Instagram
so yeah hi guys I'll see you in the next
vlog along this bye bye everybody bye
Tricia's fans we love you I love you I
love you Tricia's fans and and and take
care of Tricia for me okay
