hey guys oh my gosh I look crazy today I
look so crazy is the first time I've
been out of the house and space shoe I
literally spent two days in my house
just sleeping it like just sleeping and
going on social media and it's actually
awesome it was already out of the house
today cuz I cannot even get shit down
like I need to go to think I need to get
furniture I need to party plan and get
my nails done like I had like so much
stunt stuff I had to do that as a
postponing I'm like okay let's just do
it all day looks good done but I'll tell
you why I love staycations like I just
need a week of just sitting in the house
just like on social media watching TV
like I mean I kind of I kind of do that
anyways like I kind of do do that but
like I feel like my mind's always racing
and thinking things I need to do and
should do and be working on like it was
kind of nice since I just did that whole
long shoot to like I have two days one
way I'm not thinking about nothing that
it was really really nice so I kind of
wish I had more of those days but I love
to work and I love being creative and
always like I'm already thinking about
Christmas now I'm like what can I do for
Christmas should do a Christmas film
should I do a Christmas songs I do both
I'm trying to think of all that and all
that stuff like that but it was such a
busy weekend and I'm just like I'm like
so exhausted I just went to the bank a
good thing done i how like literally
five trucks just sitting in my drawer
and I know me I like forget that they're
there or like I throw them away on
accident like I'm stupid like that so I
had to go get those and now I'm going
back to Italy mm which is my furniture
store that I love so much in the valley
I'm just getting this like hutch like
this like buffet thanks for my dining
room like I want to do it originally but
I was spending so much money already as
I got do I really need that just like X
that off but now I really need it
because now we're doing a Halloween
party and it's like a well that's like a
perfect place out the food and also for
like the holidays when my family comes
and stays with me like now that my
brother and my sister-in-law move
they're gonna be staying with me so like
obviously we're having Christmas at my
house so it's also a good thing to have
before that and now we are stuck in the
middle because this person let's turn
left on a no left turn
oh my god people love those wo lines
from lastic there's a reason your switch
off come on mature are the busiest the
busiest street in all of LA but anyways
so I was like whatever I'll just go back
get this hutch and I needed a chair for
like my office decided my desk because I
wants are having like podcast guests and
so I'm gonna have I'm gonna get that
other chair for the desk which I'm not a
fan I didn't think I needed but now I
feel like I need so I was like when you
start like moving in oh my god what is
my hair my hair was like oh my god so
crazy right now it's always like when
you start moving in you're like okay I
definitely need this and then there's
some things I got where I'm like I
definitely didn't need that and I didn't
have a place for it so if you guys are
ever moving and we're looking for
shopping for furniture just kind of like
get the basics like the couch and the
table and your bed and then kind of see
like what fits where and what you mean
because I ended up getting this huge
image of you guys yeah I joined up game
is huge nice and it's actually too big
for my room surprisingly cuz I have a
really big room but yeah so we're on our
way back to the late thousand I want to
keep Tommy get him a picture I they have
pictures they like pictures I like a
celebrity some of the 80s like Suzanne
Somers on the wall it's so cute he
wanted a picture me not like okay so I'm
gonna get him one and I didn't keep
coming back here also they like
delivered stuff I didn't get everything
that like but I ordered either yet and I
gotta figure all that out something this
is easygoing person it's a little bit of
a drive but you know worth it and I
don't know purse to at the stuff the new
purse but I got a new purse and I can't
with straight guys but that is another
time
another time another place our
temperatures would rise we'd be in outer
space we'd do another dance
we'd sing another way you want to prove
me wrong come back another day another
day
anyone know what that's from I'm sure
some of you do I mean it was like
there's are idiots but if sometimes I
just like to bust out obscure musical
then we were like did you just make that
up and I'm like I wish Oh Larsen would
be rolling around in his grave right now
he heard me singing oh my god
sorry no huh I'm so sad to get this
right off my nails I am NOT a red nail
person like at all but like Anna was and
Marilyn was do you think I would like it
but or something
ohmygosh biggest pet peeve is when
people don't pull to the right for
ambulances oh my god that's like such a
big pet peeve of mine because like what
if that was you know what if thought was
you or your family or something like
that like hold of the right like seconds
matter mmm I don't know that I could
always me for some reason but anyways we
are getting here to Italy mm I'm stop
I'm letting happen I'll cause that
supposed to charm but there it's Italy
yeah I still have like really close to
your like two minutes but not anymore no
pictures everywhere
I hope those sheet not
keep it here this is my bed but I got
that nightstand
$3,000 boots Alan King doesn't look like
you just gave me that basic went over
there for $900 so I mean that Sunil RPG
launch I decided hey you guys family
who's over there she was super sweet and
I loved her windbreaker and I loved her
name she was super cute and I got my it
was so fun I just walked in like oh my
gosh boobies so nail bar Beauty loans
it's very good by me right there um so
I'm gonna get my nails done finally I'm
gonna get pink and I'm getting like that
with color on my toes like I know it's
like fall but you know I'm still on
summer vibes right now so it's hot it
feels like summer so this is the before
of my nails all right guys this is the
after look at the honorary knives does
the justice
sparkly it's like this light of our past
and shout Eureka it's like this huh
splitter
and she just like nothing else and like
just so pretty I'm like so obsessed does
the Justice so now we're gonna take a
picture of it but there's a view over
there hey watch my videos here whoa like
all the girly girls like watch my videos
it's so awkward in public I always still
stupid doing it but here I feel good
like the owners not know she doesn't do
you to Nelson I feel like cool but like
usually I'm like the embarrass I might
like blood specialist this is a love
specialist this is we came for very
please why is open maybe they're doing a
session for psychic where maybe it's not
happening cuz I'm having love issues no
soon as they call him give your
connections sound on your shame oh yeah
oh my god I'm so nervous I'm having love
as she is so returning lovers finding
soulmates loss specialist I need all of
this yes yes yes they don't do that and
they always tell you good stuff we're
going to a psychic maybe here he comes
when I'm so excited in having some
depression chance you go see a psychic
okay shame looks like I don't wait here
happy
it's really it's like just right now
like Ventura what a move that looks like
a pillow okay guys so now return it
because psychic thing went terrible
well not terrible because she's kind of
accurate but your woman sunset she told
me my relationship sucks and I need to
like let it go and not talk to him
anymore this has been contact me again
but he is bad for me basically
everything everyone always tells me and
I'm like okay this sucks
so anomaly sad and depressed about it
but when we're at target so I'm trying
to be happy and chipper and apparently
has some secret two-and-a-half year old
baby that I don't know well told who
knows
oh those look so uncomfortable though so
we are at Target and the jurors getting
his costume and I'm soaking in my
heartbreak and heartache and what's
interesting I have to say it like she's
kind of on about things but I'm not
still a little skeptical so see how it
goes but I'm just gonna buy a bunch of
shit to feel better oh look how
comfortable Rose Bowl
