today is the final day of our poor night
shoot and look at these shoes you guys
I'm wearing these for my Maryland shoot
oh my god it's like pictures can I even
do this justice even video can't even do
it justice but it's like my god it's
like shoe porn it's so beautiful hey
guys we are here on Seth now of the
smash video don't forget me that's where
we're doing at your Heidi love there
it's just cool it's like very night club
behind Kirsten there's Christian from
replay it's one of the producers what
kind of the main producer right you're
like like posted man yeah they like the
meat they're the people I talk to all
the time and he deals with everybody
whenever I had like a problem nice guy
oh yeah you are you're too nice I always
hear like whenever a prom I tell
Christian Ã¸rsted and they're very
helpful so replay collective shout out
you guys of youtube we do it use your
channel is the replay collective
they're everything all my videos are
done to them welcome care I'm sorry say
that again
Logan time holy jesus an angel the names
I'm in the intro for their video all the
video hey Jesus team Joe so we're just
looking thanks now angels eating what
else getting you aren't in so much I'm
so jelly did it like the best part of
video shoot all day every day
hey buddy you guys like where's the crab
yesterday wasn't here we got here before
craft service isn't angels like where's
craft services is like not here yet home
we're about to watch the shoot we just
got here early but they're setting up
now getting some ah I can look at
treasure that she's so glam and
beautiful look at that yeah said look at
em let's have a moment of silence for my
beauty a moment of silence okay it was
beautiful
okay
alright Chris Cole like that a person up
here in the wide-angle lens
you got nothing about firing that off
because I can't move it come look into
the camera because look at it that's
high open open up hello like right now
telling you oh my god yeah I wouldn't
hurt you oh I know it looks like
something that like balloons that
literally take on people balloons in
there yeah there's like we're playing
there you pal
that's so crazy wide angle oh my god
that was so that was so funny how not to
take a selfie selfie selfie oh my god I
died that was I literally have nothing
else after that because it's gonna blog
and I was like oh yeah no more planned
now we're vlogging I missed it all the
time
we're going to run for about 45 seconds
off
hi Christian
I'd picture
okay real research music
Oh
oh my gosh wait so I already filmed
later action video but we hit to my
subscribers I'm just finished eating I'm
in like my I'd like closely I was okey
we'd read to million subscribers and
suicide that's one of up right away that
you guys know these are gonna be a
little bit of delight but I swear she
just kind of taking a break is what time
is it is it is 2:35 in the morning and
we are all bright-eyed and bushy-tailed
right y'all are like Oh
literally literally and Adam Goodes
unenthused on babes in the village we
just had some TGI Fridays and I was
really good there's our boys over there
Maryland lovers so that's right honey
it's really fun I'm actually like energy
tonight like I don't know what it is
usually I'm really tired huh I'm energy
honestly this is when I was looking most
forward to accept its be smash I mean
that gives me a lot of energy for sure
don't wanna presents um I know it ain't
we're going back but and plus I get all
to be Maryland I get off has JFK and
look oh my god children Matic okay it
got so dramatic the lighting just got
real yeah I got real look how beautiful
you look at room
here we go guys gonna go for a real one
