very good day too we are on our videos
each it was dark as dark but we are
invited it's a tsoukalos where we're
shooting it seems we're up here mmm
could be my house from the opening of
our video to be so scary so I did so
dark usually I was getting a little more
lighter he's oozing sluggish you mention
house to be Club MTV Cribs can only my
view oh my yes this is everything no
this is like so qualms I don't like to
throw parties but I would want to throw
one party one here just watch so qua I
love this my mom's over there looking
cute in her little album so cute and
there's Angelyn hay-zu's so cute and
have my hair down today I know yes don't
you video is new musical here and we
have the fan just like watch from the
roof what would you sing um you know
forget Disney I think I'll be evita
peron it ain't like don't cry for me
Argentina that was beautiful Aida haha
where do ya Nigel's
damn it down anytime I get a little
extra spending cash which temporary yeah
you're like now make it way to be stops
us until I moved my rods every way to
watch me okay we are seeing like a third
set up up that butts first shot of the
night for narrator filming amazing man
with long hair like like a trillion of
my photos Oh angels are angel is this is
an amazing man with long hair he made on
Instagram account she made it on all
these accounts everyone laughing I know
it's all your hair right here though
that's like everything I know used to be
faking oh it's real you love it started
from the bottom now we're here started
remember this is the bottom now we're
here Meyer broke up to bat oh my god hey
wait we were doing this on snapchat can
you say what I said told you to say in
spanish on my snapchat hey well Trish I
know kevin was vague and then oh my
Santa chair is tiles in the comments
below what he's like advising about like
bosses thanks what did he said nothing
bad though if he was just like messing
with me like like you like me at all I
know me better than he actually said
you're a stupid cunt I'm having a
slumber party I told me it's on the bad
we have 12 just saw like like the floor
I want to be like you look that on the
floor yeah floor it's like a summer
party really girls on the bed and
there's girls on the floor hello we have
a slumber party which I was one party
now that ever house we have slumber
party
scary movie this moment oh yeah oh my
gosh and when is he only Jesus an angel
coming back you're coming back whenever
we take her computer to get fake oh you
should get new one ok also let me know
if they should get macbook cuz i doing
disney one guys on here meridian hello
ala he's British he had a chance to see
Lauren was very hard a book cuz he's
been working on so many YouTube videos
since my eyes you've been dumb barb
favor with you Dylan to rant and always
back with me the original sweet home I
made him star I told him I said its cuz
of my video right you did he quit saddle
ranch now he's working full-time oh yeah
look at outfit do you love it at the
pizza I love pizza can you say you're
like I'm a little hint of your lines
give one line especially for such a
meaty delight hey guys viral video 2 is
up now i will link it below special
things to my director andrew valentine
there he is a he cute and also special
special thanks to richard grieco for
coming back for the sequel shane dawson
mr. epsy on and of course Cory link will
be in the description box below if you
guys wanna see the full
