so we are on set they want a viral video
- with Angela and mommy oops she's in
same thing and we're just doing
finishing touches on my hair I'm a
baddie in this film so I have my black
although when I said I have a little bit
of a punch let's just like look over
that but get my hair day we're about to
shoot scene one I just met mr. Epstein
aka Daniel aka the internet troll is to
hate on me and he's so nice actually
something super hot he's here Richard's
here the whole gang is here and soon
changer will be here soon
super excited thank you guys look who
I'm with mr. up the Yun himself
my oh my god he's so nice and Prentiss
yes yes he came over and we have tweeted
this link Daniels here from Seattle
helping me with this short film it's the
coolest thing ever it's a lot nicer in
person so were you
he's so mean - yeah - she's nothing like
the person you see in her videos ah
doesn't thing with you that I think I'm
a nice person I try and be nice now on
my videos and he's still young he's you
or the age I was when I stopped rolling
ice not 20 around 24 so but see I didn't
ever start my channel trolling she did
show that is true I just like the
attention you know but I feel like you
like the attention show too small
degrees it's so cute he's so tall and
person and it's just so cute I'm super
excited I'm so sorry he's like nothing
we should play something Daniel would
wear though no I wouldn't did you notice
in the script here they have like action
figures in your room yeah they did I
hope the actual sent how's that it's
good I think it does I think it's gonna
be really funny because the character is
you I'd hold them unofficially
officially I'd like the characters
written about you basically but you know
I didn't want to get like sued Ocasio
and everything ain't base that on me
somebody with you except yeah I'm
playing myself which is easy your
audition was very human thing is that
it's like Trisha is the ugliest person
I've ever seen a mic down you seen
Trish's fatty tweets about me
screenshotted a so good I love it he's
convicted and you were so convincing I
think we need him because I felt the
hate sigh love and hate feel they so
yeah when soon and you're over here
we'll have one big you to party you my
camera
oh yeah yes this house I am worth your
house remember him to bitch scream it's
very weird filming I was like ariana
grande knock off the screen hey that's
turn the morning and the career I came I
acted my ass off this isn't starting
chain yes no I'm very excited and we
look gothic I kind of love it though we
were gonna go like kill people and I
kept myself nervous is when my favorite
youtubers of all time is here and I was
so scared to meet him yeah he was in
already look you look like my hater yes
hater I know but your things to put your
faces together for the thumbnail
what's the thumbnail no no it's you
crying you crying
yeah but him like fuck you are you him
this a ladies very the same nobody like
at her anything I'm giving that right
and then making an appendage is spring
light it right there the back rad yeah
so well they've been here probably a
really long time with their leaving so I
think I got a lot to show that says it
that liar we didn't so much means the
way driven the script yeah drew use
Crusaders screenwriter and imaginative
making no I'm not really but I do is
after you're going to tell us
I'm talent talent changed in so many
movies this year both been in a movie
smiley yeah I didn't know that until
today actually it was the Pikachu and
smiley smiley three in the morning we
are filming with a tape knife and we are
filming with a real knife and I have the
tape right because I'm not the
professional actor so I'm doing the tape
knife daniel has real scissors which
scare me and I have the big knife so
that's what we're working with that's
what we're doing 3:00 in the morning
we're in Tanner's bedroom and so thank
you guys to see this it's so different
than last year but it's so I know I just
really really like it so I think it's
gonna be really good ah it's like
intense it's like way more intense this
year we more violent what anymore
there's my sexual there's more comedy
there's more people it's been really
good
