nice so we are on sat love my music
video if I could turn back time there's
Graham there's AK makeup easel hair
Hayes's hair assistants and we are on
I'm soon downstairs like these crazy
food son right now but at the jacket got
my best friend and my right-hand man who
one day I'll be able to pay millions of
dollars for all the work you guys for me
is so much for me more than he needs so
he's the best so we're here getting glam
hey this is like wardrobe I feel
sometimes he does everything just here
no it's cute right I'm excited where
guys run a battleship I know I'll show
you guys my battleships and when do your
ruler thank God more on the ocean tune
now guys
like my sister Mahmood he knows what's
wrong he gets me straw out of these four
best friend ever
good to see all the pictures in her
phone literally grab my crutches like
healing up there hey let's burn to
Bennigan's on these boots are hard to
get on but oh yeah eat remember the
houses set to go to a street burger
I'll be touchy okay bye go cheese
Faneuil blow them all away so we're in
the main room and some
alright guys we just did two
performances I look sweaty it's real
exciting I'm feeling excited I'm so
tired and we only have two performances
but at these booth yellow and the longer
jacket so got my a little peeps here on
my career
there's my band this shit it's goggles
ass look at my mommy's I'm sleep I'm so
tired already and we just started am I
gonna die I could only ever do two songs
that I this is so yummy joint effort
getting me in this eye makeup my hair no
those are everything
no but I love I love the rhinestones on
my head it's like a headband right yeah
so good and looks nice hopefully they
don't sweat off no I think you're look
at the know it's like the train wreck
Britney Spears inches on the VMA just
like waddling around the stage that
means
oh this Lighting's better oh yeah there
we go serving realness there's the crew
okay go on for a take I would say
there's not coming
I think it's on the down-low we're
shooting at the sailors
are you going over there - yeah this
area's Raptor this is my camera you're
still yours
oh hey guys strapped c-141 and now we're
on to act okay these are filming play
right so it is like midnight now I mean
I just got lunch so we're all trying to
eat lunch so tired I'm a trainer huh
what is that it doesn't mean you have to
go that was scandalous now how was your
bike ride my mom 100 motorcycle I know
my mom that like totally hit on you guys
perfectly fit on he's like yo now
writing in me if you wanna go out there
so I'm because I thought you wanted to
go further
in front of everyone like my mom get it
get it get it ok guys that is a wrap on
the day one of a for my shoot that one
down three more to go
tomorrow is the short film I am so
excited
boy I can't wait and I'm sold it is
literally a 5:30 in the morning right
now it is so crazy so I'm gonna get some
sleep but I wanted to say bye whisper
coming on this journey with me I'm here
to see the videos this one pie one piace
November but you have a short film
looking for two of those real good we'll
see you tomorrow I love you guys so much
as always on the header' we're in its
appendix I'm here
you
