hey guys I'm going to a production
meeting for viral video - this might be
the worst time to vlog because you might
be slipping and sliding as I'm going
around kind of curves at the moment but
I just want to say hey cuz I haven't
vlog I'm getting so bad with vlogging
because of snapchat like I feel like
snapchat I feel like is my vlog but it
shouldn't be because YouTube is my thing
and it's my ish that's my priority but
I've been just like snapchatting a lot
so I just feel like I'm blogging because
I'm snapchatting oh my gosh oh these
star line tours though they like take
these people to like look at celebrities
houses it's like so scary like this is
where Angelina Jolie lives like ah you
know I don't need out thousands of
people coming through and look at my
house every week like I don't even know
how those people like Britney and JLo
contender bowlegs like I know how they
do it it took crazy I'm driving to first
production well not the first production
meeting but yeah like first in person
we're just doing like a read-through and
minor script changes hopefully but yeah
so we're meeting with one of the main
actors today and just going over like I
said scope changes and my director and
my producers are going to be there which
they're awesome I've worked with this
team on pretty much every big-budget
video except for a viral video last year
was someone different you guys know
Caleb Korres help me with it but we had
a different like a production team that
was just a little messy for me these
guys are very on point they're young
they're ambitious they're relatively new
companies so they're very like helpful
and very like getting things done like
things rarely go wrong I oh my gosh it's
so catchy are you it's like dangerous
it's so pretty oh my god wait help me
move it just pull over and like show you
guys real quick look how gorgeous you
can see I can zoom in on recording hold
on I think it's like too blurry but like
it's absolutely gorgeous right here it's
like so gorgeous
oh my god Oh ready and while I'm stopped
ones behind me here's my hair makeup
today
very retro like Farrah vibes like Farrah
Fawcett not very BAM do jivera left you
back down alright guys we're back in
action we're down off a hill so now
we're kind of cruising Rosen down the
street and not successful like who else
after since Derek often like became like
an easy even like I like to end up you
as music like for sure I was like a fan
but like I kind of became obsessed with
eazy-e and I know a lot of you where I'm
like you know this is what he people who
were fans of a group before the movie
was made or before they became like
mainstream and get mad that people like
it like why are you getting mad you
should be happy people you're a fan of
our getting like mainstream like
recognition again you know to me even
like the Selena movie I remember except
I became finis lean I remember so many
like people I was a kid ever since I saw
the movie too like ill-posed and her
cousins like but that's a good thing the
movies like bringing her music someone
you're a fan of to lots of people like I
feel like that's expanding their
amazingness their greatness that you
enjoy like why can't you share with
people I'd never understood that about
trends is like Oh soon as the fans are
becoming cool I stopped liking them like
why like everyone can like the band
that's what they're trying to do is
become no no and I you should be happy
for them by anyways I don't know I was I
was like weird um but yeah this isn't
this a cutest thing I got this from
Target why do I like
I got this from Target I'm so cute right
I love it so much and we're almost there
so I will be vlogging probably after him
I won't be logging in there but after
for sure it's so bright but I wanted to
get kind I used to live like really
really close to there when I first are
hemingway snapchats tomorrow so you can
stand trap I used to live right I could
see the highway sign for my house and
Halim Hyland at my first apartment here
and it's like so weird like be right by
it again like oh my gosh true HTML
Church is so excited about that so I
decided to share with you because if
you're like you'd LA or when I come to
LA there's and on this side and it is
actually pretty cool person not gonna
lie I've been here 8 years I still get
excited about it so I'm sure you guys
hello City meeting one great time to go
home and from some videos for you guys
and I got my Starbucks drink it is the
iced venti hold on wait I have it
written down this is so good by the way
Wow as so good I was like cinnamony so
that until you has a name right now it
is the ice venti nonfat chai with light
ice so it's so good I want another one
already I love it it's so good even if
you're not a coffee drinker it's the
bomb calm
