hey guys I just finished a really boring
lunch about taxes with my accountant
good news is I don't have that much more
to Oh from 2014 bad news is 2015 is
coming around and I'm gonna read it out
oh I'm telling you guys taxes ain't fun
not but that's okay I got this really
cute show cuz I'm a mouse
duh my mean girl shit they often target
so I'm going to reward myself now going
to a really boring
accounting lunch I love my cotton he's
very cool and very nice and very sweet I
just hate talking about financial stuff
and like how much I owe and what I need
to me say I hate it I'm just like an I
just want all my money and not pay any
taxes he's like yeah but then you'll be
in jail and I was like okay so that's
annoying as the worst part of me at all
but I reward myself humming really
boring meeting it and go look at some
furniture because I think I need a
little more furniture at my house
because I feel like my house is kind of
empty
they can use a little more furniture
after you just told me I need to start
saving a little more but that's okay I
saving after today so that's what I'm
doing
my nails are just costing I'm like
chewing them off it's so gross I always
wear credits like they literally like
rip nails off it but most gross thing
ever
you guys won't actually drive with me
why not let's drive together
let's go chiming they are driving
through the valley which is where my
favorite miniature store is ah this
shows you guys unless you get afraid for
sure my from her store and the owner
wants me it so he won't care my film
this is like no pictures everywhere but
he left any pictures all the time
because I might so much stuff from him
like um really really um yeah I really
go place called Mexicali
oh my Adam is so good like we just ate
there was like quesadillas were like on
fleek though I don't know why I was like
sitting my car holding you by it could
be drivin I'm movin and groovin oh oh my
god okay so tonight mmm thank you - it's
like
tonight we are going to Halloween Horror
Nights and I'm terrified like I thought
we guys know how it was Shane and drew
last night when I was like hey probably
bad outlook I'm just kind of warning
them because like I'm not one of those
people wants like
just text and be a flake like yes can
type in Rome bitch hey guys don't think
I'm gonna make it um I thought that I
don't want to go because like I'm so sad
to be invited to things like I love
being invited to things and I'm like
obviously hangout them I'm like
terrified I'm terrified I feel like I'm
gonna like cry man tonight I kid you not
I don't think go through the mazes cuz
that's like the whole thing important I
think I can do the tram I think I can
walk around the park I definitely can
eat dinner but Shane wasn't very nice
like if you if you feel I can't handle I
was like go see a movie worst-case
scenario and I was like okay but like I
honestly just any hate to be like the
buzzkill like if someone's like really
excited to go do stuff and I have like
these love handles in our lives a good
night I don't wanna be like the buzz
Kelly what I mean so there's that but
yeah I got like Ram craftman car self
removing moving is so for getting
stressful I just I have hardwood floors
that I don't have to clean I have ants
that I need to get rid of like I have a
comedy show next week I have um excuse
me I have kind of showed us we have oh
man I'm doing my music videos and short
film next week just so much happening I
haven't seen my man forever
like I feel deprived romantically and um
yeah it's just crazy so
I'm gonna for tonight's night so I'm
like actually kinda like tired oh I want
to kind of just go home and Netflix and
chill by myself because like I'm just
want to chill for a little bit because
like we're gonna be going out tonight
and stuff and I'm just like someone who
doesn't go out at night and I feel like
I always have as a nice chill but I
don't have that mental state which I
actually like two children day and go
out at night I realized I think that's
like a thing that I like now because I
used to be the opposite like I like to
go out during the day and she'll at
night because it's like what I've been
doing with my life but I kind of like
like going out at night and get myself
tired and worn out so that when I like
go home into my bed I can just like
crash and just like really sleep cuz
sometimes I have a hard time going to
sleep when I'm like out all day and I
just come home at night it's like I
don't get tired
I hear it I hear it
sucker goes behind me
yes we're gonna go furniture shopping
I'm so excited I make all ready halfway
over there it sounds like whatever else
like continue go full throttle um begin
I guess that's all we got chuckle out
today that's it's not weird moment after
ie that I feel like I drove a bathroom
without bathrooms here so I'm not too
worried about it
alright guys and like a bunch of weird
gap see I'm moving growing pains oh yeah
I had a like an epiphany and then I just
realized I can't Trevor to pass the news
you guys but it's not whoa I'm like I've
been hallucinating a lot lately when I
look at myself that's my have been
looking at myself a lot lately because
even in my main camera that I shoot on
my main channel like I will hallucinate
like I'll take think I see something in
there it's very scary and very weird and
I'm not on drugs
um in the valley it's hot new jeans I
got these really cute jeans from Target
but it's kind of hot today someone when
a white warm there's like black jeans
and I like up and they fit really
comfortably like I love targeting think
it's so them
um yeah all right guys Conkel hope
everyone is doing well and I guess we'll
see what our next adventure brings
together looks like i'll sketchy
backwoods don't we gene time Italy ma'am
in the valley
I would little pricey it but Bujji
Lyndsey gallery and more original - oh
my god so I literally just hocked that
place up so high and I just like
realized they have a really shitty sales
people like the guy I always were like
talk to and like always working with was
the own like it's the owner oh my god
they oddly key wasn't there I guess he's
a gone break or something they like so
not helpful so rude like so judgmental
like it took first of all it took like
30 minutes like I kid you not do me 30
minutes just to track someone down he
like helped me and I wanted to actually
buy another nightstand and like a
sparkly tree sort of thing and oh my god
they were just so rude like would not
giving me the time of day
I sell other stuff that's coming from
them and I trying to track it and
they're just like give the invoices and
no and then they literally just like
sorry can't help you guys like I do you
don't know much money I didn't say this
but I was like do you how much money I
spend this place and how much more I
want to spend in this place like I
couldn't even I just like couldn't even
with them like I was like getting really
excited I like show guys everything is
the cute inside but I only wanted a
couple more things there anyways but
like I'm honestly over it I go honestly
over it but when the guy calls me
because Mikey please take it at my name
and number so like the owner I think the
same dream can call me when he comes
back and they're like yeah but they were
like novel and I'm gonna like I'm gonna
tell him when he calls me like dude I
wasn't coming in to spend like a lot
more money and they just totally after
that up so I was over it I went to
another furniture store called alamode
on Ventura and I there's like one thing
I want there's like a panther like so
not necessary and you can tell that I'm
not money spending mood anyways because
I thought I
but I guess I'm not because I was like I
really want to like fill out forms and
delivery services for like a panther so
yeah guys I'm over it and I'm just kind
of like mom I feel a lot this day I'm
excited for the snipe I'm just gonna
like go home and like chill for real
because I'm so kind of like tired and
just like done with adult like it's
weird i prosthetic took out oh excuse me
I'm gonna go me my trainer tomorrow so
excited about that I'm gonna make good
times good times cuz I'm not training
forever and I have like the music videos
suck my way up and honestly he kinda
texted me like out of the blue again
kind of like Oh fade it off and then
texted me I said okay know what trash
like this is a sign just do it he's
gonna come to me so it's like it really
like I mean I just could not getting
lazier I said no so I know it's just I'm
doing I'm wearing it back on the freeway
because also Friday and it's also like
tired I feel like I definitely need a
nap definitely the cutest thing ever
called nothing bundt cakes like nothing
bundt cakes that's most like the cutest
thing ever I'd die for a good pun I love
it oh my god that was like a really
close that are on trees up mm-hmm
but yeah nothing bundt cakes I wish I
thought of that that's so hard Market to
share that okay you guys were out more
nights right now
well now we're harness right I don't
know why IQ I'm just like scared but
excited you don't look any excited
you're just dancing skinny everyone I'm
living I'm dying I'm ready to die say
that I really we're going to actually
get murdered but we'll see how good I
love it you don't like it oh you work
there now you ever calmly person now you
do that deal right there oh my god there
no no way to go my favorite
now
I love this and so pretty is like so fun
there's a lot of people a lot of shame
hands not a lot of training fans know I
really excited there's a donut place
over here let me show you these Donuts
our life I'm gonna have to find drew
because these are so good
have you ever had these donut I think
I'm gonna be I need a bucket of these no
I love that I love the fear of cardiac
arrest that's gonna happen with the dogs
you have you ready
is it a fucking leg right there yeah
baby donut they're really good they're
like deep-fried they're really good my
favorite
hi guys we are out for night changes
right handed over because
too much and so we got this I got all
this
like you were like I don't know what
really
drew would eat don't you
I mean like
yeah carry on
yeah
baby
yes
and our
terrible lighting you can smell the
trash that we passed when we went front
of the line recyclables
glass bottles worth a dime
thanks for actual trashbag Halloween
garbage
because it makes my teeth look whoa
really
traffic idea what do you mean
I can show you actually addressed
parking around in the middle
literally does not you know promo for
you no link in this
Oh
the ultrasound is scary this is so cool
fine
right people on for ornette comedians
ready
your favorite are you ready to menu
y'all don't see let me hear you one more
time are you ready to minion
you're a minion world world we've been
working really hard on this is this for
YouTube yes
hey everybody I am an official
coordinator of the Harry Potter team but
we love Emma Watson we'll hope you come
down this is a very prim oh yeah and
let's open to talk to you I hope you
come down your Salian oh we've been
working with screwdrivers we have
hammers I've been knocked knocking
that's really great
