okay we got pumpkin spice latte prom
sighs frat companies she's hick what do
you think oh is that our theme Vagan
Trish's life
it's Trish's life he didn't even know my
channel was Trish's life you did not
know they should make this how it comes
up and I google it
yeah so it doesn't really make sense I
tried a branch which his life it just
wasn't really working no because
honestly it's more it's Trish's living
Oh imagine event interest is living
trash um yes people say you said that is
so funny so I tweeted that my name gets
switched to autocorrect like if you type
in Trish it changes it to trash and
people said as my Shane's has altered
look literally two people treat with
that yesterday Isaac
oh my god new shirt remember how Paris
Hilton you said the shirt that said
Paris not France because like that so
yeah wish not trash I love it I love it
spread
there no this is his first time trying
fungus bites what do you think of it
okay well let me okay let me get this is
the cold one the proper tuna huh first
impression now to me this tastes like
graham cracker like I don't taste
pumpkin I just taste graham cracker I
don't know it pumpkin spice i xl knows a
thing so I think she probably just got
graham cracker cuz I feel like this is
not a thing doesn't use a graham
crackers like it's really intense I
think it's very brain crack pretty I
think you're tasting like the cinnamon
on top which i think is giving you the
graham cracker but doesn't do they come
pin okay now this is the hot one hot
pumpkins like this new house new cups
rebranding anyway your name on or your
post mates name on it oh yeah I'm Gladys
is that her name oh no that's good you
like that one but side no I mean that's
like melted ice cream there's like no
coffee in here oh the coffee literally
so thick I mean I get it but that's why
people like it though what are you
eating what is that little this is
pumpkin heat I got you one too I know
you don't want to eat aside like maybe
I'll think for if you don't like it be
care of bite of it it's a cream cheese
pumpkin muffin which is like your
signature thing every fall oh my god I
didn't know yeah I know I went out all
the youtubers talk about it Alec girls I
like anyway pumpkin cream cheese muffins
oh my god yeah to try and move good so
okay try the cream cheese part it's ugly
not as sweet as I want what it is so
sweet what did you want like like this
is really sweet that kind of taste um to
bready yeah yeah it's a little bready i
love it this is my favorite treat you
should do a clean one we should look at
you
pumpkin spice cooking know it what is
our thing okay wait rain we should
fucking home we should fucking get one
of those big trains that you make out of
like cookies and stuff I've never seen
those ever yeah it's like gingerbread
cranes
okay all right we can go over Christmas
time Christmas train those t-shirts are
coming too there was a train sure by the
way I'm by the way I don't like the way
you're like replacing me with your
mother on nutrition life Channel
why me in the car with her hang out with
her a little bit replace I don't what
you been too busy you've been way too
busy for me I even sent a video coming
up oh I did a candy your mom has been
busy too I keep up with my fitzy cheese
ball it's backed by the way it was down
now it's back up what you do um she was
scared she crepin she's out her
boyfriend might see it yeah so she's
like I should take it out with then she
put it back up by convincing her
boyfriend might see like he hasn't seen
her nipple yet like yeah she did want
him to see what her nipple would say
yeah that's so sorry no is he scare - oh
I love your nipple she loved it oh yeah
that night follow up oh yeah but it's
gonna reconsider it's getting put back
I'd love it even if it fell off Lauren
Kissin
that's literally that's so gross
no yeah Lenny there's no there's no ship
name though for me and Lana it's just
you should take a simple life theme song
and make it Trish's like what is it like
remember it's simple I simple I pose we
take two girls don't filthy rich oh yeah
like uh you take a girls something fish
da-da-da-da-da who knows just kind of
Trish is live Ola yeah
I feel like that'd be good ones like
hick rhymes with bridge and since now
I'm like rich I could be like she
started off as a dumb hick she was a
fucking stripper fucking took a shit on
old men's chests so she could get the
rent but now she's making money on that
youtube.com slash Trish's life perfect
hey guys so we mean it we're having taco
bell for dinner and I know nothing about
the world but I'm excited that we're
here and these are my three options I
think I'm gonna get dr. pepper oh no oh
my god I'm one of those assholes I just
heard everything live mas mas with me
live mas
live more moths means more I think I
spelled everywhere then Oh probably
weren't usually another ghetto
Wow rocky no you have a time like I
don't exist no no you're not going right
I just paparazzi everybody what did you
get here he no oh my god working with
sponsor
what if we're being paid a higher down
dollars sitting here right now which you
talked to L we ordered on the app and we
picked it up sorry raze the video Taco
Bell wall okay we're going for the talk
about why you should be sponsored by
them Shamy
it's your word yeah literally chained
literally trash mom my hat chicken
cheese and Kittitas my go-to and learn
what you got introduced those we don't
know either
generally we're talk about hall
featuring shame uh shames a little
confused now what was my patient about
these what the fucking oh sure sure sure
sure sure
um official sponsor like about don't
worry sorry over on what is he saying
with this kid who I got jealous
I know um these are called cheesy
fiestas potatoes now they normally have
sour cream on the blood items I removed
that ass was everybody can take that off
it's a no problem I have that kind of
relationship and these are tacos now
take a look in here sir these are
without less so why stuff yeah this LVL
significant could be pretty good
negative onions a little bit of that
there's another punch keeps it
privatizing we take that out we don't
put that on the potatoes what is that it
do you know what there are I told choose
you feel some kind of all time with that
maybe listen well you have to eat it to
be a home I don't know that's a whole
yeah visitor moment an official ha
okay we are now and target because I
want to get some shoot for a shimmy go
ahead
Gemma like a phone charger like a
portable one no well I have a big purse
okay
look like a case of tums
bite of a portable charger I'm not I
brought that up secretly I think it is a
secret don't tell anyone like this makes
people's hair love shine ears your hair
is shiny though it's beautiful look who
we got we got a foot SP thing for people
to cast their shoes and our a towel I
got jeans my hair section it's a guy
section because I love the shirts over
here I think they're cute I think the
computer than the girl shirts ah oh my
god and talk to you
ah he's a live edge over girl there's so
Oh oh my I'm dying
look how cute that is super me I'm no I
get that is one in Falcom where the Wold
oh my god those boxers how cute those
boxer are Superman I love them I'll let
her get change - I love this action so
much I think it's so cute but yeah
looking for some suits haven't found any
a song guess we'll keep searching little
girl through chat hoping for an answer
Oh cute Thanks
look at our heart guy is so much more
than I thought wow so much stuff like so
much junk sweeping over - oh I know at
midnight was yet let me get my phone out
in now - your coloring if you tell me
do you mean like everyone come bring
yourself up we're done
what time do they close Oh midnight yep
finishing up target minute they're
exciting yeah look at you guys look so
exciting
yeah literally nobody cares if it's like
by okay
