hey guys in filling video today and I
just finished why do I look greasy in
this light I just finished filming my
sep tember favourites video but I was
just about to change shirts cuz I'm
gonna do a little bit of a candy kind of
haul sort of thing it's like a candy
store thing I went to go stretch city
walk um we saw the visit I don't know a
walkway it was all visit wasn't that
good but I wanted to show you guys my
superficial wit sure i finally got mine
in i did a blog my mom and hers either
but yeah really the cutest things ever
guys definitely get one because they
were limited edition for Halloween only
this year so next Halloween if i do two
shirts these will not be available so
definitely get him this year but yeah
anyways I thought you just give you guys
an update today I am filming TV xem very
excited to tell you guys about um but
yeah you know this braid my hair mmm
anyways I was just about to change shirt
so I just wanted to show you guys my
superficial would share with I change it
up hmm oh and you can get a message of
Peter Scott spreadshirt com oh my gosh
why is this is not the funniest thing
ever Schweddy Balls let me know in the
comments Booker's remember this scare of
schweddy balls I think it's so funny
Pete's name is shadi would you like to
see my balls now yes this is the top big
they are they were so cheap I just a
halt on all this stuff you guys will see
on my main channel so i'm not gonna haul
it all but I just thought these were
like the funniest thing ever I just I
just I died and this is my beauty closet
it is so messy right now oh my gosh but
yes I am going to have a beauty closet
and I will most definitely do a tour
when it's all done hey guys turn down my
air conditioning for you that's how much
i love you turn down air conditioning it
is actually like a really hot here and
I'm wearing like long sleeves and long
fans because my house is really cool
except air on and I've been blasting my
air and it's been really cold
and that it's been hot the real world so
on look I'm like a crazy person walking
around in jeans and a long t-shirt when
it's 90 degrees here in LA so today is
your exciting we are we as in you and I
are going to film today we're at a film
for le g entertainment it is a show that
I'm doing with them I think it's online
but I also think it's on TV I don't
really know I don't really know how to
present what I know where it airs I'll
let you guys know but I'm going to be
learning I'm pairing up with a stand-up
comic and I hosted the show Comedy shop
them for like a minute and so they're
doing this nutrient foundry burgers like
yeah so I'm being paired up with a comic
I don't know I know his name that's why
it was a but I can't for his name but
he's on Last Comic Standing and
basically it's a show to see if you
tubers and stand-up comedians can you
know if the comedy world can collide if
there's any sort of crossover and this
will be really interesting because I'm
going for like to meet them for the
first time today it's all being filmed
to meet them for the first time today
and to kind of like rehearse this I
guess a bit then I'm going to be
performing alive at the Hollywood improv
in a week so I am just extremely nervous
but really excited because stand-up
comedy is like something i really love i
love going to like comedy shows and i
just really love like stand up so i
updated snow buddy see enough like I did
like Jamie Kennedy Harlan Williams um
who else that I like feel like Oh Tony
rock never dated them but like Tony rock
I are buds oh greg behrendt like my BFF
like obviously Greg I just like I'm
really fascinated by stand ups and like
I find what they do really like just
awesome and I just feel like it's a real
talent so I'm like really excited that
this is kind of like a chance to like
not only to learn from someone who does
it professionally but also get to
perform it myself like I think it's just
like something to cross off my bucket
list plus it's for entertainment
purposes and I am I'm just like well
even if I bomb it's gonna be
entertaining and then I have to have
served my purpose of being beat just
miserable II miserably fail failing
miserably blonde on the show so I'm
really excited for it I I can't lie like
I haven't been
excited for something like this besides
my own projects and so long so I'm
always really honored when anybody asked
me to be a part of their show and then
to get to do this is really cool and I
no clothes else doing it and then her
comedian is Heather McDonald from
Chelsea Lately and on the liner is doing
it there so there's like three of us
I've been doing this on this particular
show so I'm really excited I don't know
what I'm gonna be able to blog but I'm
actually with improper right now in
Hollywood to meet my partner and I'm
really excited about it oh my god oh my
gosh really excited I'd love doing this
I need to get out and do more of this
stuff and I'm really like oh hello
you're on the screen Vienna cami I'm
really excited to be able to do more of
it so we'll see how come oh we love the
hair today the new Bugatti extensions
from Bellamy mention these are my sep
tember favorites this morning I'm
obsessed with Nas obsessed I am old
Monty wagamama just sayin yeah everybody
focused on because I don't really know
we're in melrose watches good tally
registering on to Melrose Avenue so
we're going to chuck and going shopping
with gun right now clueless reference
I'm actually gonna like the attention
now oh wow i literally just did the
stupidest thing I literally went to go
flip my camera around and close it and
it actually is like drawing blood from
my finger that was so stupid it's so hot
I got flicked off just for driving
pretty much for driving at doing cuz i
was about to park and literally
something big hippie tree hugger guy
just like literally just like push me
off so what happened and the yeah I'm
ranked in to hunt in pub on now risen so
excited I came here literally razzak
eating so I dated this guy who's a show
here on Thursday nights it was Phil so
hot oh my got my finger what her even do
lobby all these places are so bougie her
as she that's my new word for up
so bujji's can be irrational jean-marie
soon love him everybody's driving a
Jaguar this is the improv
I felt like I can't go on this way
oh there's a Chevy guys here's the
showroom oh my gosh I'm gonna be
performing there in some room in the
critique I'm just analyzing it go around
public shooting agents okay forget show
cheering on TV and the Internet so
excited there's Al Jackson oh we can
actually do it do you be there bunny oh
give me you're already killing it yeah
yeah what's gonna polish you up a little
bit have you shot excite we look like a
cute couple he wasn't married with five
hundred kids five on it my kyra yeah
it's my behind the scenes I got the crew
in there yeah yeah my director got a dr
u GP areas camera camera was DP mmm any
other man ok not in here does she hate
me my clothes me answer real names go
alright guys that's a wrap yeah well we
will talk I'm gonna get us out early oh
this crowded now
came to nut burger because i was
starving in a dwarf my hands great
waiting two minutes from a border
walking out on some set old stomping
grounds heavy is restroom wash my hands
and I got my ass on in and out burger
because i have not eaten all day I just
thought a pain a burger fries the
villain won't shake because I am like
actually starving right now and it is so
hot but it wasn't so well you Gaius I
mean I don't think I'm gonna be good at
like performing live I just feel like
ethnic funnier when I make bouncing off
someone so getting up there long it's
gonna be extremely hard but it so much
fun but yeah i'm wearing jeans day I
feel like such a normal person that yeah
a little better check on the way home so
I got my food and my hair still looking
fly baby y'all credit is flag a guard
