so I did not walk at all you say Andrew
but we had a lot of fun and we went
swimming and they're just so much fun I
just thought it was time with the help
to insert a few pictures here so you
guys feel like you weren't completely
gypped so Shane made it this a giant
candy bar on his channel I'll link that
below also you can get my superficial
wit shirts at your space that
Spreadshirt calm and there's ice just
chillers that didn't look but we took
pictures but yeah I'm getting ready to
go to sauna music I have Maya Liesel
dress on I love it and I did my entire
face and makeup
basically what drugstore makeup which i
think is like turned out really pretty
and I love it this blue eyeliner it's
really pretty
um so yeah i'll show you the drugstore
products i used this Milani blush the
Maybelline fit me this is the blue
pencil Maybelline sorry Maybelline New
York lasting drama or waterproof gel
pencil this is covergirl intensify me
eyeliner more covergirl supersize and
covergirl Ready Set gorgeous so I use a
lot of store and not sponsored by
covergirl right yeah I really like it
was before I had on my makeup or for
sure but I bought it and I'm like really
into it so yeah my dad's coming to pick
me up and take me out to dinner so I'm
really really excited and what do you
like a short hair like so not used to it
that makes it just chop my hair was not
cooperating with me I wanted a really
cute headband but I just I kind of hide
one stone so what we're working with
and I did put my Kim Kardashian dewy
skin mist on and I'm gonna spray a
little bit at this in guchi but so
excited to kind of like use makeup and
like be able to see it also they're
exciting to me okay the other excited
you guys I did my first podcast this is
not so cool look it's like so
professional I did my first podcast at
soundcloud.com slash the dish with Trish
and I have a freshman with microphone
everything so definitely go check that
out
I also got new furniture but I am going
to do out my new channel
I want shows all new furniture on there
but yeah this is better I like the dress
I am sixteen going on seventeen innocent
Asif ugh
yeah I'm so sorry about the podcast guy
is like I think it went good it was my
first one it was like kinda like a demo
but I'm gonna have like more
organization and like structure and all
that stuff um take a little better and
accustomed to it I just wanna make sure
work it works I'm excited and then ya
know just wait for my daddy I'm gonna
watch minimize screen creates I gotta
catch up on that because um I don't
watch the whole thing
yeah played a different Steakhouse I was
just at the steak house Sunday with Nick
at Mastro's so now we're at steak house
somewhere in some appearance um we're
doing Santa music dress pre-dinner
and Jake's they got two shrimp cocktail
and one alright we inquire 17 fingers
Serpentor plot details blaming on
mac and cheese or they're like done
eating at Morton's and downtown LA and
we just pay valet and MIT cars literally
like right there we have a some
knowledge valet but what you do you pay
600 RS from you still not pay for
parking zone that's there but that's
okay because we're ins is good and I was
really at me so that's where we just ate
and now we are going to Thomas M
date-nut my family
hey getting some minute and every not
supposed to have our cameras by dude we
made it
