okay so we're starting off flog miss
right so yes all these are the exact
same style shirts I got so many so
basically I got most of them for myself
I got some smalls for my mom because I'm
pretty sure my mom's the only other
person who's gonna rock this merch for
me besides me it's like any of these
smalls you see are for my mother I think
this is a small too maybe can't see the
size on this one as well so these are
all my mom's I set those aside these are
all mine I think oh no there's another
small for a lot of glass or did I get a
small men's I don't know if these are
all larges I know for sure so I'll show
you guys in a second what they look like
you guys every single one of these I got
for race oh because I'm reliving the
happiest day of my life for the rest of
my life so I wanted to get multiple
shirts I'm just trying to figure out
which one to wear today I think I'm like
I really did obviously love the gray in
the white that's why I got to I want to
keep some for like sleep shirts and then
I want to cut some up so actually might
keep the really big ones for sleep
shirts and then you cut those up maybe
cut this orange one up too or the pink
actually really like the orange as is
but I'm gonna cut these up too I think
they're really cute but yeah I think I'm
gonna keep the two big ones for my sleep
shirt I'm going to wear one out today I
don't know we'll see see which one's am
I crazy hmm
to be determined or naw okay so when you
can only and remember having one happy
day your whole life
so you want to remember it and on a
shirt why am I so excited to wear this
out funny like I genuinely like think
this is a cool t-shirt like I genuinely
think they should sell these at Urban
Outfitters like I'm genuine like he
looks like a frickin a model by the way
like we look like we're in a guest ad
together if guests had plus-size models
um I don't know couple goals okay no
cover me I'm supposed to give you home
freezing he's married trench and that's
kids I get it it's a fantasy okay he's
everyone's fantasy I'm not the only girl
then thing is he's sexy and lust after
him okay
I like IKEA I count myself right okay so
I'm just like really happy with this I'm
gonna try out the EOS holiday Clark I
know it's gonna be bombed my lips have
been so chapped lately I'm just getting
over in sickness up beyond the sickness
I'm feeling probably 95 percent matter I
feel like tiny bit feverish like
basically no septum nose I think in one
blow nose like what's today star throw
completely gone Oh as you just break
that that's great this is home to
edition peppermint cream I just got this
at Target a Omega lose you people with
our little target so much actually looks
like a target simple so they give you a
little ball and then like a regular
chopstick form so I love these things I
think there's no cute though oh God and
every day what eyelashes new awesome
today so they look rough getting them
done today oh I feel so good oh I love
actually try this up this is actually
kind of hard I know I just got my lips
done so they're like a little tender
still I kind of thought this might be
like less hard I have because I'm not
sure they're like the ball skeeter but
this feels so good goals goals goals
cool school school school my head just
explodes be funny what be funny I don't
know this is why I'm a terrible blogger
alright I gotta open some packages just
bail me here brushed out so great I like
love it so much I still get to wash it
but I'm so cool okay so I'm setting up
this little guy
yeah I see but no yours like I my tripod
this feels like a good main Channel
video but since log miss might get
boring I'm just gonna do this here it's
like a little unboxing oh let's see here
I've been seeing this guy everywhere and
I wanted him to be so cute and he rolls
around on your floor and follows you so
I have even know me done a Star Wars
hero droid bb-8 follows your voice
commands fully interactive joyed real
lights and sounds okay I just like that
he follows you I just wanted a friend
try PDA with voice commands how do I do
this I thought it was my feet to to our
blog I feel like I'm so bad be kind of
dings OH
nope Open Sesame
Jin Noah's Open Sesame
that's right right Open Sesame I always
thought it open to me Open Sesame
does look so I don't put together
anything but I want a friend so I'm
gonna do my best
whole wrapping out come on oh oh whoa
why is this so heavy the heaviest thing
I've ever lifted Oh fully charged
battery before first use okay this is a
little on/off switch driver
I don't know we're gonna figure this out
Sydney screwdriver that I'm screwed okay
so that's like the main thing this is
pretty cute
okay so far not doing anything
Brad let's must be right I think I might
need a screwdriver why is it so
confusing anything anymore oh wait maybe
at 28 maybe you just charge it like
honestly if you're impressed I might
bring together skills but clean up
putting things together in the comments
below these are where they tell you what
to comment actually goes so annoying
they leave exci
here's instructions which is boring the
path toward an hour o comes with some
little tools how I would be helpful
Quick Start Guide yes please
BPA has to be playable it's remote
control milord was control Mullen follow
me mode set the motor you want by moving
the power switch mode selection to the
correct position
oh oh we have our quick so let's get the
hell out I know over there were low
control Oh
placing head onto the body routine place
the head onto the body and onto the body
rotate the head in Thai stick really
connected you do be like a super genius
you're here this out too so I'm doing
this before I get my nails done cuz it
was gonna be complicated beautiful okay
where would the head go
we help and helpful if I knew what this
thing right
where does let's go here the picture
it's all of this I should say like plays
head here or something right I'm so
confused
what
I taught you tutorial for this fully
charged battery
ticker doesn't come off as easily by the
way I post me to this housemates is
awesome and literally anything
oh they hate these little sticker things
I'm so hard
hold on my new friend if you ugly I'm so
confused
how do you put your hat on
head
Oh baby head
they give you instructions for literally
everything
they made the seams up easy somewhat
connect the antenna on top of vv8 place
baby head on top of the body assemble
complete weird I just don't see you old
for this used
right here I don't know where this cows
okay
what oh is it just like a magnet I so
genuinely confused
bitch you tutorial it just this place it
on top of bottom so I guess it's just
like a man fit but I don't know okay
these are the antennas hello
do you work sure look a YouTube video on
how to probably assuming you need
normally I would throw these out but I'm
interested in babies and has poor
communication with your new friends oh
geez
do you need to make these holes a little
bit more clear
oh if it's not locked it'll lean to the
side it will fall off completely okay I
guess what that does let's see now with
these antennas look easier said than
done where do you know
like seriously what do you put that one
there that one looks kind of right just
move over here okay I may need to buy in
a tutorial for this I don't think I'm
putting them together right oh wait
here's another principle one right
oh so straight yeah okay he's setting up
charge port functions there's all these
Chargers it's just very very complicated
medical charging screen business driving
charge hi let's see here there's like a
USB charging and let them on you must be
charging where is my there it is oh yeah
Oh down okay gonna give you a little
charge all right we shall reconvene
after he's fully this is cool
oh my god I have a friend who's some
cute okay I won't let him charge let's
figure out everything and your friend
can do
oh that's fine outdoors sit by why I
have back problems all right
mmm
table contents let's go back to Rose
election boys come here mode this is
what I want to think they have over
remote cool
follow me mode last row watch this clip
the remote control to your side okay so
you definitely want to have this one
even if you do boys like a little Jedi
Oh see here do not walk down the stairs
BB who will follow I could get damaged
okay in this mode see the it will try to
find the remote control click through
hell but childress ID and bb-8 will roll
toward it you just follow me mode only
in large areas to war turning into walls
or other optics make sure you do not
cover indicator light okay I guess the
first thing we need to do is the moat
suction some ppl history remember
chilecito follow me
very complicated oh it has a little clip
though people need a screwdriver dang it
alright I found your toolbox a hole once
again not the way yours was this it down
this one is too big but I have multiple
little heads in here okay so I try the
smallest ready a lefty loosey
Oh let's get looser though I definitely
don't think I'm using the screwdriver
right oh oh
it kicked Oh Jake Flocka is that
recording that is I've never used a
screwdriver before I'm not even moving
funny I've never I think I see some mini
the screwdriver I'm like nope nope too
complicated I think you need to get your
own triple-a batteries for this all this
little friend I say is so bad you make
glasses so confusing I did that
celebrated too early I have a tool kit
all right no that's what the opposite
way to make it Brady
it's Annie I am getting so smart the
advantages of a single lonely and
depressed and have I going around oh oh
this part oh my god you guys Oh
I'm very proud of myself I don't know
why but if you're like brilliant that
result
all right all right no it sounds worse
so it's all set the mode you want by
moving the power bees in the middle it's
8 to the left bees in the middle C
position okay animation button
oh that night a little bit final ever
move forward and backwards power
indicator cool brought a little election
right RC mode off oh oh don't come used
so another and ok
RC mode similar that's remote control
off is a voice command mode
follow me mode is to the left
got some three start at this that a
controller must be set to the same RC
channel head controller
here the head and controller must be set
to the same RC channel there are a
little gadget here I need to be finding
a baby give me all that work tip that on
I don't understand out here maybe this
haha off got it how smart but anyway
it's just another thing you're supposed
to charge okay maybe this is the USB so
you need to charge you charge the head
so I got a APUs bathroom sense okay
so there's an aps-c the a is the a
position B position CC position okay
cool
ah
ladies not long so I think I have to
charge this little sucker over the last
time oh let's just see if this works and
then I'll just charge it somewhere I
need to be down here I can't really tell
hurry sorry baby
don't fall off again I was scary and you
were expensive okay all right cool this
hat is not secure Google this first
yards oh okay so I read while I'm
watching they're saying just put the BB
head okay cuz it's supposed to slide
around I just don't like that it loses
its head why do you do that straight
boys can yell out here baby very holy
it's very durable this little like
okay come here
no that's not work in the second
position
you don't be gentle coz your head looks
good stay here okay
hello the light is off they been in
charge to church
oh please stop all right ready come here
come here let me speak with my life is
on it come here
well this doesn't that work hello
huh
hello hello go to sleep how are you did
thankfully charge before hello can you
hear me
you were so active and now you're not
hello hey hello can you hear me
well we're charged ham I need to get my
nails done and we'll we'll be back we'll
be back to see how this works if we can
get him working later tonight alright
put you in charge on the way how are you
how are you stormtroopers where is pal
so exciting okay my touch is my hip I'm
gonna do this on my Instagram this is
the most exciting thing that's happened
to me all about this okay I see you okay
doing this on my hip right now this is
so exciting you guys oh my gosh I could
cry okay
all right baby come here
where is how come here come here come
here
wait there's more commands hey do not
perform very good
have you seen ray have you seen ray I'm
here hello
have you seen no have you seen though
stormtroopers scan bar come here how do
you see how I'm using standard birth
stormtroopers and our come here torque
your foreskin barb come here we're gonna
and I think these stuff in this little
property
why storm trooper stand guard
have you seen Poe
have you seen Poe have you see right
come here come here
storm troopers yeah bar
come here can't see other commands and
indeed
joy please have you seen ray please meet
him here hi Lauren
move on move on
kylo Ren Cara Bard
oh I'm getting my nails done and my face
and my pedicures is a comedian she says
she wants to be on YouTube I know she's
like you'll be famous if you put me on
your videos and you're funny she is I'm
like she's like a comedian over here
you're talking about how much we love
girly things and makeup from 21 oh I
love carnival carnival you are beauty
we're like sisters
we got to slow down the makeup
everything working today
yeah and now started Lucy right yes some
sort of Lucy I know garden she's got the
positivity but she has put on the fart
food on her neck yes everywhere
everywhere so I just got me on stun
now all black on this hand and I got
these gold glitter gold green and pink
glitter on these two fingers I have a
really significant beating to me between
a friend
and I'm just really really excited to
see him next week so I got my nails done
so one thing I think is gonna happen
next week for me even more exciting than
Christmas so that's why I companies done
these are gonna be with holiday nails
but they're so so special for a
multitude of reasons I just love them so
much so I'm gonna let I get a small
Jamba Juice and then I'm gonna go eat
food in between it's a tiny beach boy
lashing
wait ma'am I know I brought my CPAP I
know so I can eat that with me I've
never come in the valley that often so
when I'm here I like to take advantage
of the yummy zone marriages
thank you yeah
chuckle Oh got a good conversation hmm
such a chill day I love it like so
relaxed I'm playing better amount of
those people I'm just getting a lot done
I pick up sticks in the belly and it may
be extra hot chili paste
and I never be out
harm
and the restaurant
stealing
right
- Mimi
to the fresh start
Oh
a regular bed
like a fall move on
totally it was hot for you guys while I
Drive but I do want to jump on yelling
in on like this apartment for bloggers
so we can hear you arguing inside your
crowd
you're too loud bruh
I just wonder like a minute to be
relaxed before I head over in traffic
having tried these Hershey kiss ones Oh
cute
yeah I remember living in the valley
like this all the time
hmm tiny smells like chocolate
I wonder where supposed to smell like
that's one like chocolate to me all
right guys
eyelash time I'm not looking terrible
but I definitely need a film tie my skin
broke up so powder New York what happens
when you sleep with your makeup on like
three nights in a row
washes aunt Donna got them at stylish
it's so pretty in here
all right thanks Jer and I'll see you
next time bye Junior I did my lashes
it's dark out
Oh
I'm a sex sick huh we gotta go home and
try and work out that's we have early
tomorrow another busy day tomorrow
sprung on me that it's a busy day it's
late just starting out motivation I hear
mental dating just needle in my head
what color birthdays
into long worked out psychology biology
the targets in one hour
hey guys so I got really like flushed in
the gym like I felt really like a little
I had a little feverish gel so I just
decided to hop off after an hour which I
was like disappointed in myself because
I just haven't been able to work out for
a week because of me but I did feel good
you get somewhat back into the gym so
I'm just gonna have a banana real quick
I got throw some boxes out and take a
shower and go to bed because I'm gonna
be up early tomorrow because I'm gonna
go to my dad's I have quite a bit to do
but okay Sutton was yesterday's vlog I'm
losing track of logs now you know I
really love my dad and I really want to
make time for him and you know I'm just
got these estrella hmm I know what I
shall make alarm and all that stuff like
that so I'm gonna go down see him
tomorrow do you have a few things guide
you up here at home videos for my main
channel cuz I'm look hard Leo's have her
main channel and then they just rip a
tree on
vlogging on this channel is relatively
easy cuz by the way cut my fingers on
the Ferrero Rocher box again this
morning it's a sign that one else will
see forever shades okay I get it thank
you thank you for the SIA we want to
catch something spooky too my Elvis
wreath like goes off and starts saying
even when it's off and I took the
batteries out I think Elvis is inside my
house mm-hmm
it was like kind of hung cream but no
flute sounded good to me
so I'm adding bananas so yeah my friend
/ Rumi comes home soon and I'm super
excited
I love having someone stay with me I
feel better happier I started my period
too but it was eight days early which is
very weird I usually don't start early
like that so oh no ma'am
and put you have mine and their soul
seemed mmm my voice is coming back
slowly but surely throw it's good you
know just good mmm
bananas really good this will be ice and
settling for our sleep tonight I was
into a little longer glass I'm gonna
play a lot out that
alright guys I love you I'm not gonna
say goodbye yeah I stopped to shower and
maybe I taste the mic well so I'm gonna
go up I'm bad to say good night to you I
feel like that's where I should probably
take a nice log so this is see you soon
oh okay guys I have fallen slipped in
the shower
look at these breakouts it's so gross I
don't understand understand I'm a mess
you guys I slept and found the shower I
was like not even laying headed like I
know what I'm about to pass out I passed
out I used to pass out all the time when
I was in like grade school middle school
I was always passing out so I always
like know when I'm about to pass out by
the way these are from the injection so
if everyone's wondering why it's so
right around my lips that's why people
tell us if in China I'm like you know
what that's it that's it for the night I
was gonna like stamp edit vlog did you
laundry all that junk and I was like no
just got early in the morning and take
care of all the stuff I need to take
care of if I need to take care of it's
even a priority for me in the morning
but I love you guys I hope this will get
edited when it gets edited I'm sorry I'm
a mess I love you guys I'm okay by the
way I it was actually really scary I
slipped in the shower and I called my
neighbor who was like two doors down a
really cool guy and I like that and he
came over and just like could you get a
hospital are you sure and I was like no
no I'm good but thank God he was there
at home he just moved in and I'm really
like thankful for him because you know
well I don't have people over like it's
kind of nice to have someone just like
Tom though down the way there's
obviously security like downstairs in
the guard shack and I also walking
around that I could have called but it
is felt nice to like have someone I know
come to my house and like okay sure I'm
totally fine it's just really weird I
just kind of hurt my foot which is
really weird like the bottom of my foot
I slipped I don't know why the bomb my
fur hurts but it does but like my head
it's awful sorry I kind of like caught
myself I kind of like slow like sliding
into like home base kind of thing
I'm sorry guys I love you I'm tired see
the morning here because he's real oh
boy how cute is this I told my therapist
about you I just found it because I was
looking before I went in the shower I
was looking for a cosplay costume I had
worn once in just like a youtube video
that I want to wear again and I was like
oh that cost is probably long gone you
know you should wear something once and
who knows where it goes in storage in
the trash donations in closets and it
was so random I like looking for a
little bit I'm like I forgot about but
there's no idea where this got some good
be I went in my room to put them to my
dry cleaning pile and I saw this shirt I
just picked it up cuz it was like this
shirt that I wanted to keep from like a
box look like when I first moved into
this place and right underneath that was
the costume I was looking for and that
is a sign but I'm supposed to do this
thing that I want to do that's like kind
of debating my shaco it's something I'll
work seems like a lot of hassle I was
like this is the site I am so oh god
that's grossing me out I'm sorry guys I
love you anyways good eye kiss he's firm
situation mmm bye guys
