I was going green on our versus pinky
ponky - Green is how to find a new place
I would grab job I've been moving all
day but hand honey please get back here
and pick smiling and moving all day as I
look crazy gotta come home and shower
be helpful get my nails off me - every
Robertson y'all right there
you're definitely alright guys here I
stay after awesome like vampire blood
Abed I'm acting on my toes ash paper it
was very like Halloween ish I want to
show your nails man oh that was real
news watching Al's mom I tired
do not hurt me ask on camera yeah get
the fuck my mom she looks so hard today
no I'm helping me unpack I know we the
hardwood floors get dirty
mm-hmm there was a lot in the garage we
had security guys come it was just a
busy busy day
Dianna's that's where cher got all this
in clueless we cruisin in the valley
rollin with the homies my mom's driving
by the way just so you don't watch
drivers big ass she cut my g-spot okay
where you're fighting a target but I
feel like we're going into like the gun
on a target do we really need this to me
yeah yeah what are we getting
oh yes we do need it hi I'm poor mama
you're like driving around yeah in the
valleys a mini glass our big last three
love those I wrote you the wine for one
glass ooh big brother wine and sugar at
the top I love it that was bougie that's
my house guys are there I was a shame
last week at Target and he got this it
feels so good so okay it's actually
really dark in here
my mama can't even see her back that she
want to be showing she's a glass into my
hair but we're our matching PJ's
I can't even see how hello boobs okay
okay charley horse look you see by this
vlog I was gonna be like Oh Tricia and
her mom I was living together again oh
you wait wait for the videos wait for
the videos and by the way okay we have a
little ghost over there a little ghost
friend from Target very exciting is
coming up in a target hall on my main
channel but we're just watch big brother
we're gonna snatch out my jammies are
you comfy yes
are you happy that we're laying in bed
not doing work because we just say
bandar can't express our bellies are
happy and I'm watching snap I'm watching
your Sanchez she's watching your
snapchats to follow her mouth at fishing
follow me Tricia Almighty cuz I'm gonna
snap right now so last night I did
something I had something so awful I oh
my god I wanted to cry I just
it was everything was going so well so
in case I don't live I don't think one
thing I've logged like lately is still
there um but if you just don't know I
didn't move or use new eyes moving but I
like actually move it cannot believe I
did it
I you'll see and I'll tell you more hold
on one second I mean it's kind of hard
to swamps on hard to see but I pulled in
and my garage I didn't pull it far
enough and like crunched my tire on the
back of my brand-new car and the only
reason I'm laughing is because I was so
sad I'm so so so stupid oh my god why is
it early I was just oh my mom was with
me and I just wanted to like cry but
then I'm like just a cartridge just a
car and I can get it Bex I'm sure but oh
my god you I am I was so stupid
ah this is like a theme for me when I
got my very first like nice car my
Volkswagen Beetle Bug which was a mm
like three and I got it in 2006 and I
got it in three days later um I had just
moved LA and I smashed it and um in what
do you call it uh like I I was bad I was
trying back out of our parking space
my apartment complex and I like hit the
side of it on another car and I smashed
it was smash her the entire time said
nobody to fix it so for the entire time
I drove it which is like about three
years it was smashed the locks not worth
when I was gonna come out and it was
like it was pretty new for me and my mom
had helped me buy it and I was just so
devastated I had a huge huge debt like
these are just like I'm literally a
minor scratches like that's just like
you know it can be fixed I'm sure it'll
be expensive cause it's Mercedes but
like my other car was like smashed like
on this side and the locks didn't work I
was really really really sad so anyways
yeah that was what I did and I just am
an idiot basically but yeah I don't
until guys last night cuz I was like in
a really depressed mood about it but
then I'm always worried I'm like I can't
believe it did that thought I'd share
with you guys like well nothing else
let's do a vlog about it because I'm an
idiot another tire run when you move
you're always doing heart runs got a
microwave head I just know how microwave
my house got a steamer got some more of
these fun little like goblin things on
and like about a holiday thought but I'm
gonna haul those all later but this is a
small home-based fence so closing up car
boom
okay this Islam okay I on okay I
honestly it couldn't be a bigger mess
right now
oh my gosh okay first of all this is
like not how you wear this dress
oh and I'm supposed to bring this like
cover for it because it's like
completely see-through including in the
bum and I have big old granny panties on
today and even though I didn't granny
panties I feel really uncomfortable
because like I don't want my ass cheeks
hanging out like I'm just I'm not all
about the butt as I am about the
cleavage I don't know I just feel like
it's more acceptable to show cleavage
isn't is a booty but anyways I am like a
mess because my furniture
literally showed up like four hours late
today how much I do like that because I
was like very stressed today oh here oh
my gosh there was a there was a oh my
god so crazy
there was a what wes craven tribute at
the silent movie theater oh I should
shoot a hand picture for Shane yours he
knew that's crazy
there was like a huge line for it to
that have been so cool ironically I'm
going to Shane's and I'm like doing this
like he's doing like a main Channel
video and um amazing just like really a
small part but you know one hour late
because I told him this time because I
knew I was gonna be like cuz my my
movers oh my god they showed up so late
and then it took them so long to do know
my life seriously
it took them so long to put the
furniture up so that was an ordeal um
yeah I have a new phone case in the lump
stop I could show you it lights up your
face when you take a selfie your selfie
game on fully let it go that's like so
pretty I was just like sexiest carve
vlog ever bunch Wow
people love animals anytime something
I'm crazy um yeah it's so I just oh it's
like stress moving a so stressful like
it's so stressful guys know I like aft
up my g-wagen I just want yeah I just am
so stressed like all the time because
I'm like I don't know it's just
stressful but it's okay I mean it's all
good things like I said I mean it is all
good things I'm not like mad about
anything or anything but yeah anyways
okay it's gonna get really dark because
it's like pitch black right now but for
some reason there's still a little light
but I just thought I'd tell you guys all
in and say hey because I am driving and
I'm using the Waze app which is so cool
if you guys don't know is it not
sponsored but like it tells you like the
back way cuz it's like Friday night and
it's like traffic cuz Shane now lives on
like the other crop side of town from me
so now it's like but he's my battle and
so oh my gosh and I forgot my tree
necklace I'm like I'm forgetting so
fucking much I forgot my tray necklace
what am I even thinking though I'm from
a tree necklace okay
alright great okay I just so I am now
driving through Hollywood hmm it's just
not not fun no way now see it tells you
one for police are two that's is illegal
to tell you if there's police ahead and
who like is in traffic like reporting
that like there's a police officer ahead
kind of weird but kind of cool I don't I
just started using Waze I explained ways
was oh yeah it takes you like back roads
of traffic this dress is not on the
right way I need to call my mother
because I need a sweater because I just
feel like my butt is hanging out at this
point
okay guys it is getting really dark but
I do want to show you guys when you save
a drink my head won't energy drink in
vanilla so good it's like a cream sauna
beyond okay so I'm not going to stress
now I'm on my way this is good I was
visualizing myself in the car the whole
time those people took forever they were
so sweet
I tipped them because they're really
hard workers movers are the hardest
working people like ever I think sorry
Kay dark so you know it's all their
fault I'm sure that they were late I'm
sure was an issue I ordered a lot of
furniture so hey it's getting like
breezier I'm going to just say goodbye
for now but maybe I'll be logged in
tonight maybe I won't I don't know I'm
not feeling this look at my outfit like
I look like a crack whore right now but
I'll see you guys soon
