hey oh my gosh so I have it checked in
in a while with you guys I'm so sorry
about that
but today I'm getting the keys to my
house and I'm moving Tuesday today
Sunday and I'm moving Tuesday and
probably have you see this I've already
moved but um yeah I am so excited so
except for this move so excited to get
it done with so J I'm getting my keys
and my brother is moving the same day I
am but he's moving out of state Colorado
and so it's been really hectic so we're
spending it actually today with him like
I'm going to get my keys and normally
when you get your keys you like start
moving stuff right away which would be
awesome and I would totally do that but
it's just not gonna happen because I
want to spend time with my brother
before he leaves clearly I'm not gonna
scream for a while so yeah my hair is so
crazy today like it's just not
cooperating I'm just dealing with it um
on another note my frozen cover went
live well yesterday but it's had like a
week ago by the time you see this
so like yesterday yes and I'm excited
cuz I got a lot of good feedback on it
anyways I mean I'm not claiming I've
never gone on American Idol or the voice
or any of those things thinking I was a
great singer like I don't think I'm a
great singer but I do love to sing so
much I don't think I'm also I'm not like
the world's worst singer I don't think
I'm like some people are like crazy and
they're like this is the worst thing
I've ever heard like ever like there's
some pretty bad let it go covers out
there yeah I just had fun doing it like
I love Elsa I love being actually
thinking myself as their wife Elsa I
know I'm gonna say Elsa wasn't you know
obese or whatever you guys are is that
your like I when I posted the
photoshopped picture of my Elsa on my
Instagram something like flutters up my
head is like a body of Elsa and I was
like why would you photoshop your body
like that Mike if I love my body like
that girl was clearly like five ten I'm
like the shortest person ever I'm not
clearly it's not my body but I'm like
anyone can be anyone I can be Queen Elsa
if I want to I think I'm real like Queen
Elsa that I'm more like Queen Elsa so
yeah I don't know people are just being
so crazy and I just really love I love
singing and I feel like when people like
seeing is that for you it's like well if
you like doing something than it is for
you and I think that was anything
anything at all like if people want to
act and they are terrible actors they
shouldn't act like whatever makes you
happy in life this light is too
or to do stuff because someone tells you
you shouldn't do it or it's not for you
like no one gets to decide that but you
and I look like I have like a really
huge boobs in a little heads and we like
set up because that was like a really
weird angle but yeah anyways that was my
but you guys once you're out my let ago
cover it would really mean the world to
me because I put it up I'm actually
publicly released on iTunes closer to
December but I put it up to see how what
would do because I want to do a video
for it but the place I wanted to do the
video for is in Utah and it's gonna cost
quite a bit of money if I like fly up
there and fly crew up there and like all
that stuff like that so I just wanted to
see how it would do and if it does well
maybe I will take that and put it into
my music video because um I really want
to do a video but like like I said it's
gonna be like the way I want to do it I
want it to do epic you know so I'm just
kind of like testing the water see
people like it either way it'll be up on
iTunes probably in December but I wanted
to just give you guys it like as a treat
to like just thank you for being here
probably my ghost about iTunes I'll take
it down so if you want to listen to the
full version free I'll link that below
and yeah I love you guys and thanks for
being on this journey there's boxes back
there and this is this is being sold it
was not gonna be sold originally
originally was coming with me cuz I
actually really really like this couch
but I found a couch that I loved even
more so this is actually being sold this
is not being moved with me but I love
you guys
my hair is so crazy now I have a comb
moment I love you guys and I will see
I'll go get them
my sister just said that arrange racist
my UTIs never place
there was a monkey
oh we all know martinis please turn it
off my phone
mommy wanna cheer is it
you are
there's a beer
celebrating brother's birthday
my sister being allowed a over there
just get any other kind of agua there's
the view
yes right we have some Rosie
got some Rosie already filmed it I
already filmed it round shrimp Sophie
you're like the big this is
I know you did so fun
lobster a secretary fried mac and cheese
mashed potatoes same over there
to be around when you get out of all
while we are inspired mom
oh my god they gave me the butter heat
yes don't you want for the birthday
thing we have butter cake
