it's Marty moving Dayton
yes my mom's over here to help me she
packed for me the first day I'll meet
your son on my channel but on her
channel she is packing for me all day
when I was at Shands birthday party so
we are on day two this is the new egg
white and white cheddar how about you
yeah Alex guy mom puts out at its
surface McDonald's at coffees every
often straws so uses our packing gotta
eat before we pack I know it's kinda
like a thing we did this before moving
day you get some breakfast I love it
so we have a long day it's actually work
in my closet and there's still lots of
stuff and a monster color on the monster
wall cart down uh-huh
bear claw absolute zero never oh you're
over today that's eerie no makeup zone
day I'm moving day you're here um this
is casual you're a national looking
today yeah like a tank top on or
something but alright we're gonna eat
now yeah we'll keep you updated by any
storage tubs because we are packing and
I need more tubs so we're gonna reuse
our tub using like come back and forth
with them but we got some more nice
sensative
you take legal night or Sunday that spin
open you can get these online so I got
some at Target yeah
oh yeah I got it
oh well I would have been helpful I
wasn't going okay uh I'll be there -
hello why whatever kind of open - so
that's gonna open there that's not are
you sure it's not open but that's about
this line here so so kind of pulled
apart these are my censored arms I do
no one's kind like that almost at that
time yeah because I know what you're
saying but bothering me a little bit but
fine I got this shirt and those let's do
another to her at home kind of obsessive
target face cuts hell almost kill for
tonight
you did oh look at all this bougie
Halloween stuff I feel like anything for
my house that I'm not yet moved into oh
my gosh so fun I was calling me a lot of
bad angle
oh my god it's so cute how cute
everything is that's so fun I wish you
guys were here with me and you help
picking out stuff like this I can never
know it's cute I mean I do but like I
don't here with you like a second
opinion so Cuomo
oh yeah look how cute this is guys think
you're like jumpers I can't see it as my
table sir
that's cute like a sexy Captain America
dressers for everyday I love that all
those cute too for everyday
um I got the Halloween costumes like
this in my everyday look cute cute yeah
there's so much oh my god there's so
much new stuff here I'm so excited
all right have I need anything I don't
need to be moving it right now but I do
need Halloween stuff so let me know kiss
and see Halloween videos alright moving
vlog part 1 part 2 something continues
my fountain Olivetti's
and it's kind of cool they're really
cute and I feel like I need something
faster when I move in and I got this
little pink thing and emotion candies
down there
I think something Halloweeny well
somebody else's card yes what's in that
person's card yeah okay you just I I got
that I told him I was I'm so exciting I
know that's really cute fed up with
these things that is our typing
adventure today
next up chick-fil-a we haven't done much
but you can eat Pacifica and some money
always that's right without my mom's
over band we head to your first there's
my first impression first of all my
mom's so my mom had her credit card mom
put your card away and some I'm gonna
start over and I'm like you know people
star yeah we're here just like I was
just like starting ready for the video I
was like okay mom make is so hungry
oh I know you don't eat much shiny he
all the time already did
did you them see when I started eating
them hungrier and I'm too whatever your
where's a hitless I mean that'll you a
spur dinners and my big ball Cheetos
from Target remember the big things /
like have you showed that that should be
in your favorites once lost have we done
a favorites video mom I just you know
I'm busy I have been on one alone but
she's busy no finishing business your
snapchats you've got a bit time for you
you're good you already call your people
your already asked me that on snapchat I
don't have all my people anything my
don't worry fishy they should be your
trishy since I'm like your kid you
should be hey Trish she's like they're
all a little Trish's knowing all your
located I feel about that but snapchat
momma's a fish okay anything of your
name though momma's why my mama
piglets cuz you're my mama's happy great
Mother's Day goods
shake ball I'm so excited for some chick
phone line everybody else we're doing
online like now oh yeah how long I was
like actually kind of crazy but this is
like the perfect place when I like vlog
now look at that so perfect it like
doesn't move around either so this is in
my view they can't I know when I'm at
myself I have it here like oh my god I
know get with me for you then I honestly
look but you still see you you just
can't see you as much but hey here comes
the big mom when she played a frozen
lemonade get ready yeah did you favor to
Maitreya oh we have a tractor later told
me had beautiful blue eyes
thank you yes this one we could get rid
of this was really good but maybe had to
pee mm oh that's carefully how we move
literally two seconds well I put I put
two things that close in a bat on a bar
if we can get I mean Ali and I can get a
good two hours yeah and then I'm I'm
done too but two of us working yeah yeah
I know I know
wait literally what time is it is two
o'clock when we en share it's like I
said Oh early to that she was ill is
good to issue it's better to see the
menu like I know I'm gonna have the
experience of it oh we can get some
I got the chicken stripping often I get
a three-piece chicken meal it's just
enough to : dump it
oh they are oh my god way to make
chicken strips they're literally chicken
breasts they're so good
spicy chips then Nuggets are really good
too no everything's good here I'm like I
can't like this was here and I like
we've never been here before it so much
and actually make it better than Burger
King and I know I'm not trying to go get
some shit ball just like my Chipotle
sale it to and it we did that with some
ombre oh that was like a gremlin oh I
just got it it was always like my dream
car I just got it two days ago
oh yeah thank you Thanks thank you
you're gay you gotta get serious you
know
my ears up here and this one back oh
wait you can roll onto yours too or you
can just leave back there wherever
tomorrow all right thank you
ha muji mom chipped away what is this
ice cream no it's a frozen lemonade does
not taste a clamonade mm-hmm
what are you mean yeah it's like they're
for like frosted lemonade I guess it's
called my gosh everyone allows my car I
try to get more homes on this car than
any of my sports cars I had people are
sick I love it
the nice house my drink are two hoots
got it not and I'm definitely a spoiled
as I got it myself I know no one bought
it from you someone said that yesterday
or no other day I went down to the
birthday party they're like what do they
say something like oh you must have a
rigid hours on my fish you can eat yours
in here huh you know we can't not eat in
the car we got blossom and
dry waters riders elbows okay China's me
I have a baby dogs breakfast book can't
say non-typical I'm not feeling well
christen your slack house boom system
always changing climate ice cream
mmm yeah I mean I had one or what yeah
but I never thought these like ice
creams like that
do your rap my rap job you should
snapchat them
mom's just a mess over here today these
are so bad
look at those so bad I thought those
were strips and they're too sweet but
the holding tonight at Saddleback ok me
no well I'm sure you paid more for the
strip's mmm yes it's fine no I'm playing
a shorter time I think that what my
phone is not go bad right
mmm you know she'll let you mmm I love
these okay going on with no makeup day
but here's my chicken pool wrap at
chick-fil-a I've just got it for the
first time and I can't eat it cuz
there's paper around it why you'd read
it cuz my family come on here Oh
I was in some car one time and they said
no one pee in their car someone who all
right so I got the paper wet I'm going
to show a bite go in there it was my
healthy stuff Oh
that is awful Pam is really good just
let meet your new car
Everywhere's guess you'd be sorry
there's a girl Mandy and Jackie's you
want you guys this one's a fatty one fit
or not fatty
yeah that one's a fatty one this one yep
do you know which one was fatty okay I
like the crispy ones these nosed up like
a soul beggar breakfast
everything
every problem
just I got that on camera I just hit all
right guys for those of you who don't
know why I'm moving this is why I'm
moving I'm have you seen this room oh my
gosh it's crazy it's so insane right now
like I can't even walk in here this is
like it overwhelms me and I just yeah
this is why I need a house or I need to
just stop buying stuff which is also the
lesson moral of this I am not buying
things felt my house I have enough
things anything you need to get rid of
stuff my mom's gonna obey for me so if I
find anything that I don't want and
we're listening a y'all can make is I've
way too much shit at this point so all
this makeup doesn't even close highest
I'm have an addiction I'm hoarder I am a
hoarder so and get started on this and
let's fingers cross if this gets emptied
either today or tomorrow
