oh my gosh this is gonna work out very
nicely I don't know where's it with my
camera fucked up that was like a
maniacal laugh I mean first vlog driving
at the g-wagen if it's so good there
this is like the perfect card cuz it
actually if it's so good I think either
one was always like a balancing act
oh my god second nice flat surface I'm
so excited I am most excited day because
there's Shannon Rose's birthday and I am
wearing one of her tank tops from chin
rosettes better calm
it says Stoops haha it says Stoops so
you guys know I love saying Steve I
actually haven't as I hadn't said I know
why I love Zing's Stoops and she is the
originators dude I didn't see that all
the time but people always still accuse
me of stealing it from her I was here
how about Mike no just heard her husband
now came through it's too because
there's a nicer way of saying it stupid
like I just I love it so they did come
up with the word and I love that she had
a merch I didn't realize that she had
merch that said it I think I'm so funny
and it was like older emerge because I
was like on the back page like the last
page and I just thought it was so funny
because I was like this is okay so I got
her one too and Shannon I'll tell Janet
that's my fear but it's like this was
like the gay gift and I got her to like
guests are like actually really cool I
actually like him for myself too cuz
it's like really really cool
and so I'm gonna have to get her a dress
inside tour because it's really really
cool or I guess I go which Halloween
didn't give them to her to you because
they are part of her birthday present
and they're actually really cool so I
kind of also really like just feel like
here's a stoop sure but I haven't
makespan for her and she's um I'm really
excited I could actually I don't know if
I'm excited because I don't know how fun
it's gonna be every time I planned
something because I for Jews birthday I
was when I plan the like death tour
thing and even though I like it was like
fun because it was funny like so
ridiculous like it wasn't like as fun as
I thought it would be for everyone no
one complained or anything but um
day my surprise because it's like so
random first of all cuz I was like what
he learned in shows I'm happy just walk
it on the beach not like no girl I like
do something so I just like Google like
fun things to do in LA or fun things to
do for a birthday party I'm actually
gonna be going to Orange County to do
this activity but it's like fighter
stimulation jet I know that sounds so
random like never in her vlogs did she
ever hit you Cho wanting to do this
never have I even thought I don't even
know if it's fine I just thought I look
cool cuz I think you would should wear
like the fighter pilot costume for maybe
you don't maybe that was just for the
pictures
maybe it's fun if you don't get to wear
the costume but I just thought it would
be kind of fun thing to do I don't know
I just didn't know like how crazy she
wanted to go or like this last time
coming out we just like ate and then
like you know went bowling or something
so yeah so I'm really excited I don't
know hopefully that air is not too loud
on y'all
I was thinking probably super a lot of
city feel I can write by the air but I'm
so digging I feel like I'm in a tank
right now I feel so high up I'm so we're
digging this vlogging angle this is so
cool she's only vlogs you're gonna be
getting in the car now that I can like
balance it and not make it like an issue
this is the coolest thing ever and it's
not the most unflattering angle like the
other one was like coming thoroughly up
at an up angle this was more like flat
me it's still I'm still higher than the
camera but at least it's like flat so
yeah so I have no makeup on today I'm
doing here Ashley it's actually crazy
because it's like literally with we're
literally like days away from moving so
my mom's like packing at my house hold
on they gone but I couldn't cancel it
because I never see her and with all
this like drama that hat
that had happened you know I really
wanted to see her and just like I don't
know we had we had our own drama kind of
unbeknownst to her but I had heard it
anyways it's not even worth mentioning
because it's pretty much watch at this
point but there were things I heard
about her but in the back of my head
when I heard it I did I never believed
it really in the back of my head but
paranoid Church thinks like everyone's
against her not to get her so bottom
line is Shannon and I have I've known
her now for like two years just on-off
never once has she pushed you videos me
and ever once has she been like let's do
this for Apple yeah I feel like if
anything I'm the one I'm like always the
one thing it's gonna be a good vlog you
don't I mean but I I think she's just
she's very just like I don't know she's
super nice the more we talk on the phone
she's like you know like I'm ashamed
never want to see me again I was like
girl like no I don't want a Z I think we
should do videos like I want to do like
some videos I just think she's like
interesting and fun so I'm really
excited
that's my plug for Shannon Rosalyn on
YouTube but yeah I should actually
probably get my phone out
that was a fail I went to go reach for
my purse and that was an epic fail just
didn't I think oh and we're having lunch
at veggie girl I wanted to find a fancy
vegan place for her but I think I feel
that that she excited I thought I found
one shows oh no veggie girl's bladder I
was like we're thinking yeah I feel I
could smell pussy for your birthday but
as she likes it that's all that matters
so yeah I'm super excited um yeah so my
mom's back home packing for me being so
sweet she's packing all the stuff I hate
packing like my kitchen in my living
room like you mom
shoutout to my mom having the best mom
ever I love her so much and yes we are
days away from moving literally so
moving date got pushed a little bit
nothing moving date I mean I have to
have my place actually but it got pushed
because I wasn't it why don't we move
move a date
oh brother my brother is actually moving
like the day I was supposed to be moving
so I'm - I spend as much time with him
as I can and I haven't vlogged them that
much at all laughs I know so oh my I'm
liking all these green lights and so I
keep looking for like a place to stop
and like grab my purse but alright
that's cool usually I don't complain
about green lights but won't kind of
early but yeah I'm still like getting so
used to driving this a huge ass car this
car ain't no joke this is so fun I feel
like I'm having my own talk show while
I'm in like my car and I don't worry
about like anything is so cool oh we got
any ideas love the new card and setting
in my car this is look we all look so
huge it feels huge
raising okay so I am going to be turning
on her mom Street so I'm going to turn
this off but I'm sure and I see you I
see a shadow through the ground birthday
today and I'm pretty much a seeker I
don't know I wanted a piece of our booze
here but we're at veggie girl and I hop
in here with strawberry lemonade so
that's what we're doing stuffing that
what we're doing for our surprise - yeah
but I'm excited to share I don't them
like don't really know it's gonna be fun
but we're gonna see little pretty - like
I thought it was so under like dress if
I'm a cousin so like like so weird is
about to E and I woke up without any
comic character you meet any wires
that's gonna be mine video titled me
like I'm going to begin now it looks
like real Street cams no way I loved it
I told her I did I love it I show the
shirt I've turned you open her presents
my stoop shirt I told him I'm like it's
not as you and try to start I always say
that feel like you can often Shannon and
I'm like no I always say you guys
started that like I always give you
credit no you started like a trend when
your friends say stuff like your
yeah okay as I was like okay and Travis
is here and I did not know this I'm like
very excited I feel like I should mean
have I feel like you should be something
okay I went in saliva I'm very excited
cookies blondie now they're vlogging
couple I love them so hey that's that'll
be my happiest and I mean it cuz I know
you fell out of it so now we're gonna
eat but now be obnoxious
are you blocking say no I told them I'm
like chilling never I'm always the ones
like I'm gonna find why but as part of
having blogging friends I need them
views to girls just like maybe go to the
other place or should we check in may be
a check-in yeah we're here for biting or
early but we didn't know we're supposed
to like check in because we came from LA
so oh you know for the 230 yeah you're
really early okay so you come in and
wait for an hour and a half yeah no yeah
well then we do then no kind of it kind
of like look around and see you know she
got has no idea what this is she goes
wait what is it cuz I haven't pulled her
through oh my gosh like a claw should I
tell you what it is or no she has no
idea what it is even surprise her okay
well just like a hint then so you can
kind of like yeah so we are here at the
flight that's a communication center I
had Shannon do her like reaction to her
she's sad like no idea like we're in
like in dust like industry land here
Orange County never no nothing and then
the guy that he was actually the owner
owner
like yeah he was so nice we were just
like out here he's like I think they're
swimming and I was like but he's cool
he's lame a lot of film it so it'll be
exciting which will be a good a vlog but
yeah we'll see how fun it I know you
guys wrecked my needs
oh my god I didn't even know I'm usually
a Prada and I was like oh my god we have
the same garage so anyways now we're
gonna kill some time but there it is
flight deck and trans so that's our
doing
we'll see how it goes oh yeah oh my god
so it's any fun sounds like I'm scared
looks like don't be scared of it I'm
kind of scared that cheating I get
motion sickness you this is my to do you
we're gonna be so sneaking away look how
cool this is inside well this is like
this is the room but there's like the
little aviation boom nervous what is the
official name of this place called
flight deck flight deck is where it is
when we go outside and all these and
what are the numbers for she's the one
thing the one day one yes
really quite actually what we're doing
that is cool I didn't either
I literally just go build like fun
things you do just like googling it's so
funny I know he's I think that's like
really busy like businesses he's like
team building in the GP is generally
interested well it's exciting I'll see
how it goes is I can turn eight me I
need to see them been here before yeah
two times is your third time yeah all
right okay of course you see all the
flights right behind me I'm not gonna
make you guys put on the flight suit
today it is totally off optional not
gonna make you put it on but how many
guys raise your hand one flight to try
to suit you guys up oh don't worry
okay thank you
there's no secret chair they're like
secret the GoPros that madam inside the
car
oh dude a can you bring in right now
they'd actually already know the
strategy yeah I know me too
ready to fly we need poachers I'm it -
do you want one okay we wasn't yet all
right what I'm going to do is simply
call out your name and assign you to a
simulate all I want you to do is stand
next to the ladder please do not jump in
let us hold the ladder help you get in
sit
number two when you are in the cockpit
do not push the throttle forward
do not take off I know I everyone gets
in there they want to touch buttons
everything
do not take off we're gonna do a radio
check first then we'll give you the
green light to take off all right all
right let's start first with Donald
all right
shinozaki and I won't freak Earley yes
sir your duty please return second one
on the left ah so you're afraid of
Sharon yes
Joby Cruz
okay yes okay you ready
just take your time oh my god
oh my gosh
double that see
which leg right oh my god oh my god
we're chillin
good luck
terrifying
we got five four - that's gonna be Eric
alcohol side remember you want to talk
to her over there you wanna shower
you could probably set it somewhere
above your
this is gonna be your headset right here
you need to adjust a radio volume
I
she's talking about
that's it on wait forever do tech is
there a cat by closes gonna be able to
stay right here
yes
Oh
can you hear me
ya hear me
to hear me
wait
oh my god the looper I'm loving at
Minaj's
yeah
oh my gosh I'm terrified
I am I am
I am
I am
I hear you can you hear me
I'm a researcher okay
can anyone hear me
did you hear me they're resetting me
hello
copy
hello
shannon hazards pop I'm telling them you
have yours pop because you're
claustrophobic yeah
I had a lot of fun but I was one in
another crew chief this is still bad in
Korea but also we had some small
crossbows with you
sixty million dollars made over five
kills you're actually frame this thank
you I had to de-seed us out the one
heyguys Shanna was slogging holding to
so go watch her walk and wish her happy
birthday I also got to meet her husband
who also vlogs and I will link both of
their channels below yeah rice chips I
have myself over here so that's your
salsa
we're so excited at us didn't see as I
was walking for my mom Shambo my mom has
been packing me up all day long she's
the best mom ever
so I said I'm gonna buy you a bean
burrito mom and you can open it wrapping
that nothing pretty much dance on my
tummy enough food so watching Teen Mom
there you go there my mom that's all I'm
gonna be I'm starving right now so mom
either YUM so now we're gonna watch Teen
Mom 2 Brown baby I think I quote ground
beef because there's a ground beef
burrito oh is it bean I get it wrong it
isn't it was like a messed up spired
beers oh there you go got one
