me
no are so many of them my gosh you guys
so means I'm healthy my mom's like my
mom saying exactly I'm just
oh that's very healthy for you I'm what
do you think I didn't eat beets all the
time like I held the IP and chicken
sounds before yeah but I've never seen
you get rap I've never eaten about but
it's all they had on the menu so my mom
helped me and she's like just get the
chicken with lettuce and so I have
chicken lettuce and like tortilla chips
around there which are not healthy which
I didn't want the protein chips anyways
but I know it's been a nice sermon I
think that mom's like well you need the
crunch back we're doing a few points
right on US 101 south toward i-5 Sam
we're doing a lime a commercial today I
didn't even tell them yeah my amp this
app named Lang flame totally came to me
and wanted me to do a song I'm using
video so I wrote a song I'm wondering a
music video so we're doing the shoot
today I'm so excited it's a little
Japanese app and like so super excited
and that's what we're doing so we just
shot the first half at my directors
house and now we are going down to shoot
second half lots of dance sequences and
my mom my main biatch is right here I'm
so sweet she came at like 4 a.m. and
then she fell asleep on my couch
quads get my hair makeup them laugh but
this is so good I don't know where it's
from but it's actually really good mmm
fresh food fast tossed hmm sell them so
anyways we are on our way down that's my
first look at that I shot and now I'm
gonna go in the pants we have to see you
love fantasy look okay with you look I'm
sorry we're gonna go motor Andrew's
house Oh yours too
okay throw my back down I think I might
thrown about I like here yeah I've never
stopped everything help me
it's coffee back but I guess a little
bit that's what I get well I have this
as healthy as what matters while there's
a Burger King coming here from last week
whatevs
can't win the mom so my mom's walking
today so go to her TM plug in mom lot of
pages there's no weight on us 101 south
toward turkey BLT oh yeah you show what
you got big did use a good is it well
done say if you like yeah I get lots
good then
we are on our way
my hands are so sticky we just went to
Starbucks we got lost but I thought a
Starbucks L that made me happy so we are
at red comb studios and this is the
cutest thing ever I got really excited
about it because we came here from our
earlier shoot obviously in areas here
look this is reserved for action I was
like ooh that Instagram Twitter Romo
though so we are here I read gum and
getting ready to finish Irish there's a
second half of our shoot so all right
guys you're here we are in my first of
two fantasy look at my yellow dress with
Ames mom Prince Angela and halogens
needle so there's really do this I need
off hello Jesus thank you mommy
we plugged her YouTube earlier Lenape us
with the Colgate wisps okay you look
like you got like work here or something
like you're in charge of like the hair
like the little set up yeah I love this
outfit actually it kind of like smash my
boobs a little I feel like I gained
weight only in my boobs because like we
have the same measurements from like
last time but my boobs are just popping
on out oh yeah no hey wait can you in a
pee show the side of my hair like your
flip it so you can show off your hair
work
and no bow down very Beauty and the
Beast I know
beating the Beast oh the real one yeah
yes it's my thought yeah and it doesn't
hurt
we did a pointy tail in my head was like
standing this one doesn't hurt at all I
was like it feels so light but it looks
something very magical very magical
she's missing where's mrs. teapot she's
not to keep out she's a little feathered
I don't know I never knew she had a name
it's like yeah because there's a clock I
don't know his name
Lumi a is the candlestick mister clowns
worth is the clock those are the pots if
you guys know their name let me know
what is it the feather duster where this
mom she's the father do I like was his
paws butter for her so we're getting
ready to film yeah go subscribe to
everyone even though they don't make
videos I'm telling all these people
thing is that making video made videos
we've just had I think I feel they're
close to them always the clock yeah
because I'm always on paranoid about
time
mr. climbs up claw oh we didn't see mr.
Clapp
yeah that's here I don't even you missed
that clock oh my god okay what is he is
easy it could be the little teacups yep
yeah so that leaves ask yeah where you
give me the candlestick guy two broken
people need love too
yeah
you
yeah
shout okay so we are doing our dance
sequence and I just look at Angela and
show what you're doing you're dancing no
you're to show your dance know what to
do it he was doing my routine go that's
exactly what we're doing against watch
the video I was like no like Meghan
Trainor all about that bass there was
like a male dancer in there that was
dancing now on the Sun all my dancers
are so young they were all born in the
90s on my dancers I was like oh they're
so young I know I mean yes I was born
babies like like what 95 96 I was like
Selena
Oh bad you Selena has my next video
Selena no you should oh my god used to
tutor me I've always wanted seen his pan
I don't know Spanish song oh my god I
want to do the one inside burners yes
cheers once she has singing in Spanish
it was an American song I want to sing
in Spanish
I love that he knows my love is like
I know I don't wouldn't be bad I'm
technically go back to you owns the
songs Selena never run for music guy hey
you know nice and easily these are the
only peeps that like likes me know with
me so but yeah I remember when I was
little not explained I like no one back
in Illinois I knew Selena they're just
like no one knew yeah my dad showed me
the movie out here and I came back
waiting to be Selena I remember I wanted
to have that purple outfit and nothing
everyone's like no one else's so that's
why is it so creepy I think I put a file
like I put it together at the same time
and look at you guys you're all in black
yeah you all look like you're so
profession a add to insert the picture
of the teachers jacket
it hasn't you
then we got answer over there and we got
Duggan yeah dude you won duggan EMDR my
peeps all the time so I'm in the finale
sure I have my Bellamy hair extensions
and pink ombre there's angel spraying
he's from Texas y'all spraying that
Texas hair no is there hairspray in your
hair today or no no not today
tomorrow so I'll have extra hair crave
with extra barbecue sauce hey you won a
book of all I know you'll see this like
two weeks later and you'll be back so
just kidding you can't book them only if
you're in LA tell them I'll let you do
elaborate but just make sure I'm a
priority and he's like of course it's
like okay I know you just say that to me
to appease me though she definitely my
favorite
this is beautiful I haven't even seen a
like I don't see my hair this is gorge
it's nice and soft I love it
pretty pretty okay I might take a look
and we are on the set which that like
that's up to the same got my pink shoes
and pink stripes I'm so excited not just
my hair this up
yeah
looking further disable another one
where she
they can ask me and see out the window
thank you thank you
Joshua is for a sonic and then
officially it was very exciting with
Rosa I said what's your name show the
throws a second I love that me so we're
outside my mom's first huh yes no that's
like what they're doing for that corn
dog really well and I got a shake this
is my first time trying a shake so
preparing are with my car
totally wraps another sheet down or you
play crackdown so tired but you need
tater tots in use the bathroom we're at
Nick drive-through open it was her final
box up the whole day we always do this I
feel like it's kinda like tradition for
us to like eat fast food after our
shoots yay next ones in October so we're
gonna be doing it all over again but
four times in a row it's exhausting me
think you are actually except to move
and then do the shoot I'm gonna take I
need to go to like Bora Bora December
and I need to get a month off but I love
what I do spirit that is your break Asia
yeah everything I'm on vacation she
deserves one someone always on that when
they can mom do so much it so cute I
love her thing but shout out to start
off fam Nicole and John Murray hopefully
you guys like the line play music video
yeah anyways I'll see you guys soon
and maybe my mom might record her first
impression of Sonic so go check that out
well you know but that camera mom's over
that one I think I do it I'll get so
much as always I went to say hi dradis
you to know I miss
I'm so nice time here my kisses for your
little your grandma she look my eyes
you
