okay guys one of the last meals in my
house and that is some lemon grilled
lemon pepper chicken and from Trader
Joe's it is so good I also started
taking these little buggers these
vitamins
I ripped a vine a pack but yeah well the
last dinners my house looks crazy oh my
god I'm so excited
moving very very soon yummy them right
mmm and yes I have no pork since I got a
budget working but I'm like obsessed I
just had to show you how it was oh my
god this is what my breakfast looks like
this morning I have a banana I have
quite a speech but I think it's a
nectarine and watermelon and I just took
my pack of vitamins but I wanted to show
you what they look like outside or like
before I took them I'll find inside the
package so yeah there's a ton of them as
you can see and it takes about well it
actually should take more in that water
but I I was just drinking this with just
my vitamins and yeah so actually under a
little more cuz you suppose take a lot
of water with them and you just are so
take them with food and before you
exercise so I'm gonna eat let it sit for
like a half hour and then go out for my
little walk run so guys what's up um I
gotta have not blog and so long about to
go get my lip injections um yeah I just
posted my video today so I don't know
when you're gonna be seeing this because
my blog how to order because I have some
scheduled I'm talking about like where I
live and stuff like that going up like
after I move so I don't know this move
up after I move so I don't screw up
after those or if it's gonna go up cuz I
feel like I haven't posted a while on
Churchill's life channel adds up filming
this now so I don't really know what
it's gonna go up but my video it's like
it's so prayer that I film a video and
upload it the same day on my youtube
channel just because my internet is so
slow and the time it takes to edit a
video and process a video and upload it
for a meme is usually like a nine-hour
process but I try to make it so it's
like one cut and I didn't have to do
much editing and
I was up really early I got done with
like editing by 8:00 a.m. so got up
about 3 p.m. today I just went up like
five minutes ago and it was my dear fat
people who respond and um um so I
literally just went 5 minutes ago and
has like so many views and so many
comments which is so awesome because
it's a lot of just like love and like
people saying thank you and you know
which I you know I have to thank you
guys for encouraging me to do the
response because I wasn't going to but
uh I'm so grateful that I did because
while I was doing it I was you know when
I give my pep talks on YouTube or
what-have-you like a lot of times it's
because I need that pep talk to when I
edit it I'm you know what this is good
Trish listen to your own advice like so
I kind of needed that today to for
myself like I went out on like worked
out today and you know um I just needed
that pep talk for myself too so I'm glad
you guys are enjoying it and just the
response of it because I just
acknowledged her videos very briefly
into it because it sparked a greater
conversation for me and a greater
message for me and that was you know a
body a chance to preach body positivity
and a different in a different direction
and different light for people who are
like feeling bad about themselves after
it you know what I mean it's it sucks
I haven't said all that Burger King fat
people problems and yeah I mean I
struggle you guys know I'm a struggle
with eating I do it's like it's not
gonna change overnight
and yeah I went out and walked but I got
me some chicken fries and a coke which
isn't that bad because it's like 3
o'clock like I said and I hadn't eaten
all day but I'm going to get lip
injections so I wanted to put some me of
my body and like put your eyes my body
guys I don't want to pass out from the
lip injection sometimes they hurt
sometimes too don't
so I'm actually here kind of early for
my appointment moving they're gonna let
me have the numbing cream awesome but um
yes haha yeah sorry I'm already loopy I
hope they're gonna let me have the
numbing cream early okay I chose tuk tuk
um so yeah by the way for all those who
think that like I've talked about having
tons in my purse at all times some
people think I lie like no right like I
used to have the mini travel size mmm
I don't fuck around no travel-size no
more I got meat symptoms
hashtag fat people problems yeah this is
good if you overeat though yeah I know
whatever I judge me samoh
contradiction Sam a conundrum Sam a
double standard sama was how hard
everyone loved hypocrite say it oh I
don't care like I know like I worked out
and like not gonna you jumped like I
know I know I'm aware I'm aware but yeah
I'm just gonna go get some lip
injections I feel like I don't need them
today but like I haven't gotten them in
like six months like I feel like I need
them but I feel like they're kind of
huge and she might turn me away
mmm hope she doesn't because I usually
calm down and like plant something else
to do because it's in Newport Beach and
it's kind of far from where I live and
like no I didn't it's just came down for
this so fingers crossed coming cream on
um I was talking to cat the girl who
does my lips and she said that um some
of you guys have come in here to
cosmetic care I got in your lips done by
cat and they said the reason they came
was when I saw it on my video but -
because of the numbing cream because I
always say and never feel the needles
going in I never feel the needles going
in it is the best I mean cans - leave it
on for 30 minutes if you want to do I'm
just wanting to get here to make an
appointment just be like hey I'm here
I'm kind of early like I need lots of
numbing cream for you Tom Trish told you
I was like but yeah lips they're getting
them I can't really feel it and I kind
of got no tongue littlez okay pal done
paying out cuz responding to comments on
my youtube videos beautiful day in the
neighborhood you know hold a
neighborhood won't you P want to be my
neighbor
gone done whoa
I was so ready and she did this like
this part right here to kind of make it
more Kylie Jenner ask mmm I'm this icing
I looked and I was posting stuff on
Instagram because I just love them cat
so nice dr. Nicole these whole family
they're just so nice to me I just love
that place if you seriously if you guys
are looking for a place to go
I'm not they don't don't get paid to
talk about this or anything but this is
that's like we found this out from a
youtuber for about her breast implants
done here years ago my sister went there
to get her breasts done so I dr. Nicole
E and then my mom went there they
actually are the ones who found my mom's
cancer I was posting this on Instagram
they are the one who actually found my
mom's cancer in her boob so my mom was
able to catch early and they're just so
great they're always so supportive like
ask one or mom I just love them and
they're doing a breast cancer walk and
they invited me to join and I hopefully
will be able to but I'm wearing their
shirt there she gave me a couple tanks
for my mom as Wow big or small save them
all
team cosmetic care I just think it's so
cute and I love it and I hopefully
hopefully can do the walk so yeah
they're great they're just awesome I
just love them and I'm so super excited
from the moves to look really beautiful
I am super excited just make sure you
ice and make sure you ask for extra
numbing if you don't want to feel the
pain because she said the lips are the
most sensitive area more than Botox and
fillers anywhere else because that's
nerves right there so I love her she's
so pretty thank you so much Kathy guys
want to see a picture of cat she's on my
Instagram she's literally the cutest
thing of what you'll love her and tell
her if you want lip slap mom be like I
saw Tracy her lips here I want my lips
like Trish and I'm going to matching
Trish fish lips I love it so alright I'm
gonna drive home quicker four o'clock
and I'm gonna be in so much traffic but
I don't even care I don't gums up in the
lips right now so you guys
