Oh oh my gosh that Sun is bright oh my
goodness I'm coked up
I'm coked out right now coked that fuck
up um and removing and we're moving oh
my god why are they all moving and I
didn't get to move she needs to calm
down fuck me okay I'm like in a weird
like I'm like really high on my coke and
sugar and like coffee I had like two
coffees today and I had a I had a crash
had a caffeine crash and then I drank
like maybe four of these little cans
because I was like filming a lot of
videos - and editing and doing paperwork
for my house and like doing the most
like so much today and then I knew I had
a machine and I was like oh my god I
gotta forget something and I'm just like
my head is spinning and I filmed so many
videos in this manner and have energy so
Mike you better have another coke Trish
and um um yeah okay no and this is the
other thing because if that's not
enticements coming in like my my thing
is just like you move it like oh like a
centimeter and a charging thing stops
and their charges and then on chart do
you hear all that craziness happening
and now it's charging it's not someone
texting me okay Shh you guys have fallen
a total of seven times not joking since
I started this vlog because literally
like three minutes ago so yes you've
been falling my phone's been cracking
out I've been coking out and now I want
to McDonald's because I feel like I need
another coffee because I feel like I'm
gonna start crashing I was at four colas
and I feel like I'm gonna start crashing
so now I'm gonna go Donald hit some
coffee because I'm gonna want to crash
this question I'm doing okay that is
that is a talk to mr. Joe hey guys uh I
have something to say about these text
messages and it's not Shanor drew
because one time she attacked me during
an iPhone and say I stop texting cuz I
know you always complain about people
texting you during your videos it's
never that season let me just order real
quick right over here
Americans going through a drive-thru yes
can I get a large iced caramel coffee
yes and can I get amis um I'm sorry can
I get it chicken nugget kids meal or
faces something for no drink so I wonder
what the Cowboys Parker yeah and you
want a poor boy a bro and girl okay four
pieces right yes and you want a book
like this or yoga no okay no thank you
what you want to find sure okay and you
want a soft phone on her no sauce my
belly that's at five fifty four thank
you I love that I'm wearing a Union Jack
dress and we're going to go eat British
candy and I know I'm gonna be eating
dinner with Drew and change night and
I'm like getting a kid's meal snap tiser
this is Americans right here a meal
before a meal yo oh my god that American
challenge though cabbie morning hi good
how are you
sorry my nails okay
thank you you too bye yikes
okay just to be fair here and be real
like I'm actually so early like I left
it like 5 X 5 high right now I'm just
bein at 6 and he actually delayed it
like an hour
I suppose we got 5 and elated at 6 so
meeting like he needs the extra time and
I don't want to be there like super
early so let's just use that as an
excuse of why I'm at McDonald's before
like two hours for me like an hour
before I eat candy in two hours for eat
dinner right
hi I'm good how are you good thank you
here we go
thank you I like your earrings
okay thank you so much right
I'm the happiest prettiest McDonald's
employee I was gonna make a joke because
I said like oh I like your earrings and
then like doing Mean Girls joke was like
just boot up loose at feet errant
earrings ever seen but they were
actually really cute and she was really
pretty and eyes and the no way I can
even make a joke about that because she
was like so nice and so pretty like yeah
shout out to that McDonald's in Marina
del right that's my that's my home turf
McDonald's but it won't be anymore
not for much longer anyhow got a big ass
coffee I mean okay let's just take some
we're going to go eat brush candy like
breads or anywhere else in country I
said like have these bigger portions
this is a large coffee I'm just anyone
else in other countries like eat before
eating Shh
tell anyone just a little something I
felt oh my god these are so hot these
guys are so hot I mean it's a good thing
to be complaining about right because
it's like another hunt that's not no hmm
Wow
fill them
amazing um oh testers oh my god okay
joking
I love I love people definitely I do if
you have my phone on merchants are I
love you okay
and again this is F we're not hearing or
drew um when people talks to me I think
I've talked about this before this is a
different texture just reminding me this
of it out but when people text me like
six or seven times in a row and I don't
respond like I'm busy and I was very
busy today
very busy then they text me six or seven
more times or two hours later what you
doin what's up what are you up to hey
don't ignore me I I'm not cute or funny
it's annoying I don't knock first it
makes me want to like take back that
number I gave you like oh yeah my phone
number yeah can I have that back please
things um just too much hmm bye I shot
that we wound there's in Prior traffic
oh she actually got you um yeah it's
just so in Wayne Nikki shame oh yeah I
mean right now there's no my eat
something else today to button looks
good so yeah that's like my biggest pet
peeve that's what was happening to it
like in the way to retard
like some then I clearly said hey babe
I'm like really busy today like I'll
text you later and keep texting me 400
hours which is busy fry them blog huh no
but it was like my workday I want to get
a lot of shit done rolls for YouTube and
firm personal life in moving I mean how
long should you do so Val kebab mean mmm
too much but Shane's not a texture and
I'm not touching me they're so obvious
it's not my him Orchard really like me
only testing it we're gonna like camp
what do we see to like once a week so is
like we have to like text each other's
roughly but we found about this pep you
before about people like texting you
just want to have the conversations with
you I think there's certain people you
can do that with and you kind of know
you want to feel that person like look
I'm seeing for instance like LM I bring
it home where did I put that oh my god
oh my gosh so Stoops and so Stoops but
anyways I don't even know know something
about Romeo the guy I'm seeing like I
text him a lot but it's like different
cuz like we don't always eat a lot but
it's not like I don't know yeah I guess
mmm doesn't make sense either
I don't know man
these fries are still the Emerald still
blood in the video soaps better um
shadow try skinny fat girls doesn't talk
about not the skinny girls who eat like
fat girls no no no the skinny girls who
are skinny fat right and I have really
bloated faces not you know shape because
I'm like a fine girl with a fat fucking
face you know I'm saying
but there are some seen girls with
really bloated faces and I was like why
are they so bloated and then I like
would watch her like vlogs gonna eat
like I dunno why because they're
probably in salt every time mm yeah I
don't were you blood him Democrat that
sodium that sodium though as I have
fries that's sodium though so gross I
mean that is kind of girls anything
about what you're putting in right well
we're real long it's time mmm the most
the most right now though oh my god stop
getting a look around again I forgot it
was Friday traffic is a bitch but it was
great so I like so early because I like
bored in my own house I'm like chilling
mcaren vlog Hey
on you up huh and you already put your
TV show without Chili's all good
they photoshopped billboards so much
even beautiful perfect people they
fucked up so much your garnish there oh
no - we hit it up check it so she's like
McDonald's cones would make it went to
me totally free powers I have to get one
tonight Girardi was preparing me for a
fatty feast today because he's like on
it Krispy Kremes tonight I'm like bitch
like are we doing on that kind of night
are we eating because it's all I problem
I eat in pants literally I brought
stretch means mm-hmm and healthy oh
these are good chicken I'll get to not
they're nice and fresh
I love chicken nuggets with make fresh
like this mm-hmm
average time the average mean I have
more peas in a six piece healthy eating
them mmm I got away the comments now
my last one or is like a week in my life
with Trisha wherever I like was showing
everything I was eating about that we
feel like no wonder you're obese oh it's
a mystery while you're so fat like being
sarcastic it's like bitch you know I'm
editing this like I see what I I
couldn't very well just call out you'd
have no idea to eat boo-hoo-hoo
no bitch knows I'm texting me everyone
think it was like having a conversation
with this person fire but like literally
all day I've been like I'm busy I got to
ask you later mommy gonna see down who
it was no I want it because you don't
know whatever cuz I'm no chicken Ellis
it doesn't field I'm warm I'm not
feeling them chill in Worcester tonight
mmm daddy though I'm a are here is icing
fattiness if I'm American they're like
you eat a lot but American bitches don't
we do here in America bitch by the way
she and smelly people love me they're
gonna love me tanks I never come bougie
like this only when we film usually come
like homeless uh-huh and one time the
guy told me I look ugly that day cuz I
like you I came pretty a couple times
then I keep that's when I came like
homeless-looking it's like Oh happened
you got ugly but then when I come back
it like love means like so weird hands
feel like people are weird thank you
the writers allege I might have a hard
job I know that foods delicious when
it's not good though okay guys a lot of
you want to request an STD blog a Shane
Drew and Trish blog or Shane Trish and
room I did not that's again I don't know
if I like them I'm not the only another
sign on it hate word mmm oh no no my
face tonight I'll see what I can do
about a blog
sometimes I everyone's in chill mood got
Shane's been sick and has a hurt leg so
we'll see I'm in a vlogging mood we're
gonna film who knows what could happen
okay Sheldon soup alright so over those
Nuggets right now there's weren't felt
to do it for me neither really these
fries to be honest but
special delicious project hey guys I'm
here with my collab trio s T I know I
did yes but yes it your ass go F T yeah
no I should say
I said move accent that's not for us um
I'm at Jane's crib look who's walking
bitch oh this exclusive I know first
you're the first exclusive she's got one
two months I know I'm literally two
months behind right now she's walking
I'm walking guys you you look become e
sashay away
you look so he'll oh my god you look
like a meat person oh my command finally
thank God no you do we're just talking
about so much oh god I was like I oh my
gosh I was someone I like to rub my clip
well you're not gonna library it's not
not for us actual anything you know what
I mean like a little toddler on the
couch no yeah like a little haul in the
car it's not sexual this feels but I do
on the phone whatever one guess
really oh I play with my little flaccid
yeah you fluff it kind of what I do I
just feel like oh what am I feeling here
and be honest about that we're all
having phone sex without knowing it
really I don't want the phone in touch
myself wait that's a duck you do I can
miss a small each act together oh yeah
oh yeah no no like like okay let's
reenact it yeah this is me on my phone
okay oh my god are you really though
yeah hey Connor
Hey what are you doing nothing
oh my gosh did you see that new fucking
video that was crazy right
hey uh yeah she's not committing to it
oh yeah on my body I mean literally off
I took it off you guys and I felt like
my pubes are showing
oh my god me dope use like oh my god no
how many people are hairy and general
like don't have pubes yeah well I don't
have like that many pubes it's not like
that bad yeah I feel like you would it
be that crazy like I think you would
think my body is super hairy but honest
I'm Harry here and there just kind of
goes away yeah I feel you tell your own
my hairy ass no not really I do and it's
all the time when I shave it is so hard
to show their ass so many times
yeah how do you do it you go underneath
if you go around I I go like this in the
are you serious yeah you had your once a
year it's better to put your leg up like
that and go underneath I know yeah oh
wow why not wear underwear here we're
home we're all friends here
STDs short oh oh my god your videos we
called I have an STD oh oh living oh
yeah STD that you have we have one well
actually have one too which is not more
than one I know I got rid of a couple oh
I'll get living - I got this
and pad tag hi girls right
no I do right
clearly psychical wire
really
okay
chocolate no we're gonna watch it what's
the blog I think it was called
we're fighting it's a Joshua TV blog
though alright so you're the guy
Photoshop shaded the master girl this is
a new version I mean honestly this is
your new headshot new passport literally
her Twitter photo he's edited it he's
like shielded it he's like he would mess
I can't see em agree doing the Krenzel
and friends I know I'm doodle I love it
I hope you're like screen in their eyes
randomly I send it to my friend by the
thing Steve green because the prank you
were doing a prank oh no
awful pictures look at here who all the
time so that's beautiful
okay I look right now right now let's do
it
so I got dumped I came to Krispy Kremes
got a war it doesn't in kiss me I see a
whole dozen donuts always what he call
goes by myself
um Jacob they went to bathroom well sure
how to go bathroom but you don't want to
ask her um
Vicki so Shane went with him but yeah I
have this like sweat pants on I didn't
know we were going out like to eat so I
don't like have a going us eating but oh
shit but I was like that without paper I
can blog cuz I was like oh nice oh not
that is being donut homes are it's just
like the tongue we're done all tumblers
mmm
iced coffee is so good but yeah yeah it
doesn't do it
and that was Miami any of these three
I'm super excited to eat it and we'll
set chatted hashtag to Shawn CBB UK it's
been a very sweet day and the got crispy
feels like the makeup so shout out
