guys to identification your mom my mom
guys green tea I know it's dangerous so
we're still saying we're gonna go to
their nail somebody needs a notice
always get so excited do don't put them
the check mom open up the chunk see how
today goes get their news on there's you
the picture of the deep I sent you
yeah what was that then no one is on it
no it is not a view you know show them
your nails these are before nails no no
I got her feet look at this small for me
we gotta do right here just gonna crack
what happens acrylic glass ugly one
follow it came off those last ones
oh yeah are sparkles didn't last as long
as before decided awareness movement I
know got a man be like oh I feel like
we're always like stopping to get our
little drinks and stuff first I just
edited a blonde the other day where we
went through the Burger King drives
there I forgot about that one but that
those working I look so fucking good I
was like oh so that about those you
can't find either and when they search
about hard to find
well I don't want in Culver City in one
in Santa Monica Burger King is very hard
to find Burger King's a whole other
thing
oh hello
well these are so scary Oh as I'm like
just know these are so scary these
intersections cuz look there's like
literally five ways you can go it's six
light three four five six seven yeah
those are wish that you don't know
really know where to stop cuz there's a
there's a light see that double it's
like a double light there's like a light
and then another light so it's like
where do I stop I was like it's just
very confusing but anyways we're going
to her favorite nail barn Beauty long
okay put some in your little team eggs
you want to try one of your chocolate on
or you don't
I'm great right now because I had all
nine vitamins morning the originals are
so good mmm love it so much oh she did I
really am I've known her she was smiling
at me oh it would be miles I got taken
over cooking where Brendon recognized
where almost she threw one in there Jake
I know you trying to shoot her either
that or she was really happy she was
smiling the whole time she's very
excited to take our order of Russia's
snap because you guys when I'm on there
and Santa and everybody's putting him
through the Rose I real I didn't try to
read mom but she's mom I got fish young
fish on my teeth someone goes why you oh
my gosh I'm like okay okay it's just a
name what color it's like um her
Twitter's mama got back and so mama left
me she is like she's just fishies cuz
already somebody already had mama got
back young but she's got me and I'm
officially so she's a mama got fishies
mama
your grandma fishy oh my god that'd be
cute them me and office yeah no fishy me
and actually a mom not no me ma I'm
number one will be that old in my head I
was gonna we start out so early and then
it gets late it's 10:30 but we're good
we're okay we're gonna bloom again well
everybody's hangin up the guns no no
yeah they don't get honest but it's
worth it because does that fly inside oh
my god is that insider out its out oh no
because the feet are coming towards oh
yeah although he looks like he is inside
oh my god that's so scary it's a
freaking me out okay supplies that would
be really scary
alright so we will see you guys up
Newsom
okay good ideas done they said my nails
my - on the nails the after right here
she got the same shoe on that and the
pink which looks the same because you
painted your nails pink the other days I
look they look the same as you've had
but they're cute I mean I got raps ear
and blue so relieving you know what are
we doing what's hot it's so hot my mom
by the way she doesn't walk anymore she
snapchats everything so if you want to
see her you gotta go father on snapchat
I do a little bit of both I do a little
oh snap I got fishing mama got fishy I
think you should vlog too I feel you're
gonna blogging but no are you making a
return to it blogging is like
snapchatting oh you don't
yeah but it's very youtube which is
better
this is Roberts and this is like mail
alley right here there's like so many
nail places okay so let's do a real
tattoo while we're at it
making champagne today so well did you
drink that second glass or did you dump
it in your book in your huh wanker but
there was only like three steps you did
that much why bother
shout out to Cindy in salina hat nail by
ambulance for doing the nails clean I'm
a Czech girl go girl
okay so we decided to come to the movies
I mean your state Ricky and the blush
their mama takes our spray bills in it
Mike this is what I was surprised too my
mom does not like we're all super like
super gay the brush chicken Lissie
missing I'll say I'm fine with that but
just wear it so right
Ames he I'm gonna get some treats
afternoon yeah we gotta go get boxes
back because I'm movin my target jumper
on the pockets so comfortable
actually comport that for girls big
lashes and become easy
it's a date
young
why are you
alright so we just had over but goes if
you stop me on snapchat you saw my mom
watch us on snapchat okay she um she
finished my beard Sam had to buckle
tonics which are really strong and
chakra and I jacked up and her so it was
too many side food which is this never
know everyone's been hitting I'm going
on tonight Sam I am
that makes me feel good because my guy
don't even care do you have a guy I care
I told her to find someone new who like
in the middle of the day just like Oh
leaving I have you maybe doesn't have to
do it but at least if he said it you
want the feeling of being wanted I hear
you go on the porch for squares at the
crosswalk which makes thought and think
I may have beat and what may be an
avenue and people no more magic - your
boat is huge right now wait look what
the fuller will put go in there this is
really cool Manhattan Beach boomerang
fuck you so good
what is this for Oh crazy LM sure
there's like cuz you just said
everything is out of youtube yes it is
Tricia coming to YouTube so cute
it's you I wash on a plane
early
tyranny
no but something pretty
hey guys my little cookie
Oh on the Manhattan Beach horseware
brush ball hard there's Morgan in
coffee-room or for the snapchat you know
his name I thought what snapchat no I'm
Sam
I do I'm so cold but I brought my half a
burger phone that's something smoke
pickle in there okay better though oh
yeah your heels I am ready for the next
mom there's a pier what here is that
happy manhattan beach pier oh my girls
night out for today very nice every day
and cookie night living
