good morning love myths so I'm one day
behind officially I'm walk with I'm
sorry I want to be changing into this
new purse by the way so that's from
doing to enjoy this I am still really
sick so today it's gonna be a catch-up
day I don't know much due Tuesday before
like I had all the sudden my whole weed
got filled up again it's been so crazy
and I wasn't it's not even with the
stuff I originally had planned to film
it was just a bunch of other things
going on in that life came up then you
know I just
it all sounded great and by then I'm
glad I did it and it's how to push
through so what do you talk about and oh
great but first I'm going to a doctor so
I'm actually going to this doctor for
like hormone checks hormone thyroid just
a lot of things to get checked up at the
weight loss after it's just like a
general doctor it's not urgent care he
always put me here so let's go ahead get
that all checked out because um I know
quite a few people who did this and
actually like they say a lot more people
have thyroid problems then like they
think and I think it mention this before
and if early talked about this with a
couple friends before that I was not
sorry that problems were like people
saying excuse like why they can't lose
weight but you know what the exception
of applause at USC and like what I eat
healthy I rarely show me like a
hard-boiled egg cuz I don't think that's
like that exciting I could do it if I
wanted to see it but it's like I try it
chicken breast a tiny hard-boiled eggs
you know I tried it as healthy as I can
fruit and stuff like that but and I
worked out a lot like I haven't been
this because I'm sick but you guys have
seen me work out in the past I've been
taking you on my workout you know I try
and go a few hours I mean look to
college people think it's slow okay but
at least it's like working out you know
this is if you haven't seen this as a
little haul coming up but it's a
Christmas present to myself
so I'm gonna just get checked out like I
said a lot of people even if it's like a
minor thyroid issue they can get
medication to help them maybe have their
thyroid in a bathroom also when I was
young a teenager talked about this
before I like what I was in this play I
remember specifically this was like the
most significant weight loss in three
weeks I lost 30 pounds because I
wouldn't eat Monday through Friday and
then Saturday and Sunday I was binge eat
and then again when I tried it just not
eat like not eat at all and I lost my
weight green outfit I did a lot my life
nope so I do think it might mess up my
metabolism or something in there oh you
know I do I still binge I still struggle
so I'm trying it I'm trying my best to
you know get help with it and stuff like
that so I've gone to you know eating the
sort of doctors I've gone to weight loss
clinics and so now we're like this
generic doctor to see the overall
opinion and then I you know I've been
prescribed things I just haven't taken
anything yet because I just kind of want
to get this overall like a pinion you
know so we'll see
I need to take better care of myself I'm
getting older not just for looks but for
you know health reasons and you know I
think I'm never ever gonna have any
talents enough like just I don't like
salads like I don't know that's like one
thing but I just you know could I eat
less pizzas yes you know cuz let's start
Rhys yeah that's good I eat less sweet
yes oh come on so yeah I'm gonna take
some day no again I'm so amazed he pack
that's a really big inside every
thinking person so much of they're very
indecisive when it comes to purses
lately so not me usually you have a
person instant to it that Oh gave us
this yesterday
anti-aging - did moisturizer and
wandering a dermatologist and an out
point of caution I got my nails done
in it then she gave us these little lip
candies I love her so much
oh they are
I have more stuff I'm gonna try to get
my conex working today so good I'm gonna
rise and weary attempt that target
varieties and run I try to do before
really not gonna try to push myself
today but we're gonna be good however I
saw it Tuesday is a very exciting day
for me so I want to feel better for that
I just it's been a journey all been a
journey
oh I have something had a caddy to say
basketball this cookies are Hershey
Kisses flavored lip balm and I didn't
take so much of all nightly and actually
not being caddy has been great my life I
wanted to be loved caddy
it's something that actually doesn't
bother me now but um bother me it's kind
of funny but it is what it is imitation
as this isn't Eris Board of flattery
I've had this happen a lot where I look
I'm someone who will straight up copy
someone and be like hey I want to be
like this person I'm copying them on
this okay like certain little things you
can grow people try to really take your
path in life and like try and do
everything you do I don't really know
like I don't know how to say this
without sounding just bitter but it is
it is interesting to see people just try
and be you you know what I mean
I never did I mean it's like everybody's
afraid from everyone and it's all a
small world everyone can do what they
want but I don't know sometimes like if
it's a little weird when people are bit
too much trying to come for you you know
I know
I'm just sick too much I think of what
I'm trying Center but I think be
original you know I mean if you ever
told nothing even me like the original
this be true to yourself you know like
but also if you're similar to somebody
don't complain about it you know being
compared to certain people is a cool and
if it's like someone you like loved it's
cool to be compared to it but still
while that's half your own path this is
coming from someone who does love Anna
Nicole and people to Anderson Marilyn
Monroe attracts like emulate their sort
of demeanor in the world their sort of
presence in the world but I wouldn't
leave I don't time you like a copy of
that if that makes sense and a lot of
the way that young but or try to be but
um suggesting inspiration from people of
course but just you know pop me somebody
I know or just I wish I could say more
specific things but I feel like people
will catch on earth
you know if they watch my videos are
gonna be like you know I can't believe
you said that about me it is what it is
but I'm just saying like just try and be
different you know I will say this like
even when people have tried to lose more
case would be equal for this when people
have tried to but not even try but when
people start and maybe this is just
again this is - Kaddi of me and whatever
and when people start using the same
people as me any any regards you know
with video making hair makeup flavor
obviously Kim Kardashian's new artists
and other people it's not a big deal I'm
never saying this was my makeup and hair
people I don't like you know I don't
care about this but like in the past
like what I would see people start using
them and just literally copying
hairstyles are usually with my
hairstyles just FYI the people who do my
hair makeup art so fucking talented what
I was saying like I want this this and
this and like will create this really
cool style and then they go and do that
same one on someone else I'm not saying
that's wrong at all your hair stylist
like you don't know mean like just like
youtuber and everyone use just like
titles I will say that so people who say
I copy their titles a lot of times
people will change their titles after
they see mine and like say oh you think
it a similar video and they'll change
word-for-word the title does it look
like I've copied word-for-word if I see
inspiration for someone what age I
always credit them and to like I've seen
it
- I wouldn't ever go word for word for
the title you don't even like word for
word but I credit everyone like when I
did those carpool karaoke with Jimmy
Fallon
like I always say like change it not
machine even gives a shit about getting
credit he's literally I just want to
help you like I just think you're like
you know I just love you and like you
know whatever like but I always I credit
people you know they mean I just I don't
know you know like it'll be removed and
said today
but that's the hairstyles makeup it's
like okay I get it I even mean like
right it's for a shit like well
obviously don't try to recreate a
celebrity book and I'm doing a
side-by-side like I'm trying to like
replicate that obviously but if I
inspiration from someone I always try
and change it up and be different
because I don't want to be the same you
know and I think one thing to like not
really see someone do something and be
like oh my god that is like coincidence
but some people man and it's been like
this I mean I've had people for years do
this it's kind of weird to be like she
go down the exact same path you know
what I mean I can use the exact same
people and do the exact same things
audition for the exact same shows you
know and try be something they're not
I don't know hello so a who I this is
rich coming from you
I'm like I just I went someone's iconic
like Anna Nicole like and Marilyn and
these people that are icon I mean girl
or not always what I mean like that's
like one thing but it's like I'm just
this basic bitch youtuber you don't need
me like I'm not I'm not like I caught it
you don't I mean we're people and I get
an absolute like it's again it's
different it's like everyday life and he
was just like oh because I hate my us
and I'm real happy when people don't
want to share like where they bought
something or where they got something um
cuz I don't you copy me it's like I like
when people take inspiration and I buy
things I buy it
obviously like that's why I do what I do
in an influence or no lots of like
influence I'm like people might use that
term describing influence right now web
be original you know and like I said
when you're the same yelled at someone
and you see someone use like the same
people and like I said I mean even
people had a little bruise businessing
shared like people they worked with it's
just kind of odd oh it's it's not it's
not like that's no one's fault everyone
can use what they want to use you know
obviously I take hair makeup and dancers
and everyone else I work
like that so I won't even use it with
Abel and everyone needs to work so they
need money it's like so there's
literally nothing wrong with this
scenario from me and just let me know if
you can relate in unity I'm trying to
say for me it's just kind of frustrating
to see some more like take the exact
same things and just literally try to
place themselves in your situation and
not to get all deep well I love the
single it's about but apparently finds
out with people because they can't see
that like spinach and I'm not a paranoid
person at all but I've had people that
literally just try and be in the place
of me and just use all the people around
me to become me you know down to music
produce your time to everything you know
what I mean and it's just like it gets a
little creepy when you start using every
single person I use it's like and so and
that's like is that the toy five it's a
situation like it's not wrong at all for
anyone to accept money and work and
whatever it's just I feel like if you're
gonna use my entire circle and literally
just put yourself in my place and just
try and be me then at that point there's
nothing wrong with it at that point I
need to go find new things and if that
person was to follow copy that then what
are you gonna do I mean it doesn't spot
like I'm telling you at home oh it
really doesn't bother me it's worrying
someone texting me about it and I was
like okay like hey so it's fine like I'm
sad that's why I like people out of work
and I don't really use those people want
anymore anyways so it's fine I don't I
really don't care it was just like a
little ring I had to get off me my chest
and you know that's it I'm sorry all
right guys we're on a mission today so
let's go enough for anything sorry for
being petty I hate I do hate girls that
complain about stuff like that too and
the company thing I think is so
ridiculous but what it's like so obvious
it's annoying but I'm Oliver I like I
really don't care it I don't know I'm
just bitter because I'm sick
all right set the meter Karluk and sexy
we're in Beverly Hills and we're gonna
we're gonna go across the street
the car is happy
cars beautiful I can't lie a couple days
after I'm like Jenny the second power
probably not kind of regretted it and I
love it sexy and it's a good little like
incognito her
dr. several house
and doctor's office in same week I gots
a couple on the bag I'm kind of
conflicted if I really want to switch
the iPhone a cousin think about the
facial recognition now it reads it has
her debts a lot smaller than some Aloha
because of listeners so when I go switch
I'm going to change
doctor's office freeze my butt off I
know there's all red from I began five
million times
all right guys not some blood tests done
for diabetes thyroid hormone so there's
my my blood work as I was saying
that's impressive okay this bike parked
right in front of my car oh my god am
becausehe out that's great oh this is
the day I'm having the music still
blasting so yeah CEQA once again I got
like a bunch of bloodwork done just to
get everything checked it told about my
mood swings and all that stuff like that
and just beat like gaining a lot of
weight when dark circles just all that
stuff so take seven to ten days to get
the results back so fingers crossed I
can get something to help he is really
sweet and really nice and the needles
were quick and fast I get my botox um
lips and plus surgery but needles for
blood like I don't like it really queasy
I like I like didn't faint but I like
lay down and I put my feet up all right
I'm gonna run errands I'm really nervous
with the iPhone acts but I would just
try some people love it some people hate
it so
read pack so much what I've read blood
work of rap
going into topic
for a couple reasons I want I'm going to
browse around it's very calming to me to
browse around target - I'm gonna have a
medicine ball right away so I can browse
around with my teeth I don't know if I
like necessarily helps or hears anything
but it feels better
nice and relaxed
so great no one's in here so it's nice
relaxing
inefficient market
thank you so much
a little cart a big situation I got some
cozy pajamas and Star Wars some pink
Christmas ones what was his claws on
there I got some gift Christmas cards
lighters pens paper wet brushes I love
them talk about brushes my hair Cyrus
was that and I love it so much
no but a dream journal
target is infamous for just random crap
you don't need yet I'm bucking it a
little better don't cheap stuff - I mean
cheapish just so pretty
I love Explorer you
kind of nice thing I don't want to do
when I get hold himself go to Verizon
I'm gonna take the plunge into the
iPhone attic see how that goes
my sister hung this up for me yesterday
and this is cute I got her off at sea
now I have like so many keys I don't
want to like lose them it's from pulp
fiction that I was like it's so cute I
think you can also put the hooks in
their hands which i think is really cute
but I have em oh I'm always losing Keys
like I already have lost this key and
then I got a backup by Mercedes and then
like my main keys so this is great you
don't feel like I'll be losing them and
because I have multiple cars now I feel
like I have a family but nope it's just
me
Oh still sick but where have do my
subscribers I posted on Instagram black
or none through my like Instagram story
and snapchat like I swipe up he were
gonna hit 3 million subscribers like
watching the live count this is oh my
god this is my life hey oh oh I just
went down and Becca okay it was going it
was very exciting it was going crazy man
drinking his fast enough
alright we'll come back to that Oh got
one more okay so I've been watching it
was going really fast cuz my Instagram
story that and when i snapchat story we
were at 2.99 for something so it went up
like fruit squirrel i bastard that was
real exciting as I got a vlog it and
outside though okay that's that so
iPhone X the update I like it I know
it's got a lot of like first of all I
was annoying because the lady something
up a verizon set it up wrong like she
felt like the wrong code and I don't
know so it was a nightmare because I had
to like be on the phone for like five
hours there trying to figure out what
was wrong with it I like it I think so
far the face recognition seems really
easy like sometimes I have it down here
sometimes I have it like over here and I
feel like it recognizes your face pretty
easy the whole lot doesn't bother me
like as much as I thought it would um
just that's like a lot of people
complain like I so annoyed not having a
home button uh it feels cool to kind of
just swipe for things I don't know I
don't I don't like
like I'm really resistant to change like
with learning new things I'm usually
like oh I hate it but I know hate it and
for some reason I was really missing by
the way now I'm looking at this I
thought was 2.9 yeah sure yeah I thought
that was saying to point what is this
bad
two point nine nine nine and then I
thought this was like a nine eight - so
I was like oh my God we're so close but
actually that's like 300 more people so
it's the rate we're going it's not
sounds low but I thought it was like
really close so I ran to get you guys
but it's something close I'm also one
z-pak away from finishing a pack of Hat
it hurts my soak so bad I've been taking
it with food even like Christmas put
food in pretty ways before taking the
pill I've been doing that and I still
feel and I've been taking day : ike well
I'm just like not getting any better but
like a slog it's not that exciting today
I'm sorry
yeah like vlogmas and stop gonna be
exciting I don't think it's gonna be
that fun anymore until about a week week
later cuz this week I'm just gonna rest
and like chill out so if the vlogs slow
down I'm sorry it's not like I want to
quit it's just like I've been pushing
myself and they're like I don't really
have much coming up so I don't know I'll
try and walk when I can I'm gonna try
vlog everyday still till Christmas it
just may not be that exciting maybe just
opening presents or working out or
something Shh you know some people like
something more like I like when your
does fires all that home I don't know
man endure a lot of people like anywhere
but yeah we're getting close to three
million yes alright guys we are at today
0.998 20 so we are 180 away from 3
million subscribers I'd like editing my
vlogs like I'm kind of a little bit
behind on for the New York main channel
vlogs and some of my blogs here I'm
walking with my skin is so bad I have a
point with the dermatologist one day
it's getting crazy so kind of editing
and doing all that okay
if this is all within the matter of 30
minutes that we are getting so close we
are officially can I say it yet oh no it
was a 25 away but we are officially
officially oh we're going down okay
that's gonna happen all right I've got
to get all my all my socials out oh my
gosh oh that's my you're a sporty yeah
all right guys oh my gosh I'm trying to
post this on my Instagram story right
now we have 400 this is so crazy right
now
you guys I have a different shirt on now
because I was editing this wedding I
look just so crazy I don't even care I
am so happy right now there's three
million whoa okay
that's his parole attractive vlog today
we had three million subscribers I'm
dead I'm done oh my gosh so cool I I'm
gonna be posting my eating show my three
million subscriber to show to thank you
guys all like fully to because I have
been comprehending this all week because
I knew I was about to hit it I'm like
I'm like seeing this number is it's
crazy like I don't know I don't have
very many things in my life are can say
I'm proud of all right like that's an
accomplishment but like for me I'm very
proud of my youtube channel it's a huge
accomplishment for me what at regardless
of what anyone thinks of how I got there
or the content may go I don't think it's
quality or NAR they think it's rubbish
like no matter what like three million
people haven't hit that subscribe button
three million 21 have hit that now and
to me that's a huge accomplishment I
don't know like this is what this is my
pride and joy my youtube channel this is
all I got it's and I'm
I work hard on it and I do work hard and
I just thank you guys thank you for
being supportive like I know this
journey up an Instagram story and stop
shouting and tweeting it live as this
was happening and then guys were paying
a part of it so I'm gonna go talk to you
guys on social media thank you guys so
much this is amazing I'm oh my god this
is so crazy
oh my god I was so happy I was home to
like watch this because the other times
when I hit like 1 million and two
million I was like out somewhere this is
cool that I'm like here I'm focused
thank you getting the chills I feel
confident that I'm getting better only
because I feel like honestly like I'm
getting the chills in the fever now but
I feel like what's a good time because
I'm blowing my nose a lot which means
I'm getting out all that stuffed up
fluid my sore throat is completely gone
I have one z-pak left and I have been
taking a call and I call some people say
you're not supposed to take that with a
z-pack I don't think it matters that
much it's over the counter and like I
need it to get through the day so I'm
gonna just take a nyquil and just knock
out I am just so much I still wanted to
do this weekend but that's a Friday
night and I am just being a loser at
home but that's ok actually because I've
been doing so much this week and I was
so behind I'm videos but I edited all my
New York main channel videos it's like
what I wore video what i eat video yeah
no hotel room tour
i had my car - were coming finally on
the main channel i I was a day behind
with log miss I was I didn't realize
that I did realize that when I was
editing well okay so I didn't finish
editing the vlog all the way for the one
I posted today which is like vlogmas day
14 the one where I went to like the blog
squad house um I actually didn't upload
that why did it finish editing it
intentionally cuz I was really tired but
also with the vlog I was in like the
prank I was in for his channel wasn't up
yet and like I don't know I feel like
when it's like someone else's channel
like a Takei as you put
that you let them go first before you
like it's a brain nothing matters I mean
doesn't matter like he gets like so many
views but you know what I mean
and then the sane one went up he put his
up like that night and I have a few was
Dean and I have two vlogs and the main
channel one so I added to both of those
today and so I put that tomorrow and
then I know I'm gonna go to sleep after
this I've been like an editing machine
would all say that it oh and like a
Christmas haul video I did I got really
productive and then I kind of made my my
list of things I have to get done by
Tuesday when a friend of mine is coming
back into town I'm really excited to see
and then I made a list of stuff I have
to get done before vacation so I kind of
gave like myself to like deadlines and
like realistic stuff I have to get done
and then like wish list stuff I want to
get done like stuff that I would like to
get done but did he do that make like a
secondary list like you have the top
list which like this needs to be done
like it has to be and then there's like
the secondary lesyk
and if I have extra time and I really
want to hustle like get this done to so
I'm always making the list like that
what's happened possibly just to kind of
I know I have like a continuous like
ongoing list to that I like I have
separate like a like a just overall to
do like a dermatologist appointment to
do you know what I mean like and I've
been getting him knocked out like I
finally went to the doctor and you know
all the stuff I got so I kind of made
all those lists today which I actually
like loved doing cuz I feel like
mentally my brain it's like getting rid
of some space so yeah that's what I've
been doing and I feel really warm which
I wasn't feverish but like I said the
stuffy nose is like finally going away
my throat is completely healed it's suck
cause Gigi texted me from her managers
fro - I love him - and should I keep
where I going out tonight and they were
at this place and I actually really love
actually went there with somebody last
year and it's a really cute place
oh I just I can't push myself like I
can't like I want to be a hundred
percent good
by Tuesday today's Friday night by
Tuesday's so I do want to see my dad
this weekend too so I'm trying to plan
like it just a day for him because I'm
gonna see him on Christmas Eve but I
want to see him like a bunch yeah I
don't know lately I've been very
sentimental with my family and my
parents and just wanting to see them as
much as possible it's like I don't know
very attached to them lately which
eighteen-year Trish will never believe
what you like
good for you girl now you know it's
never too late to have a good strong
relationship with your parents or just a
good relationship you know my advice to
people if you're stubborn
or whatever the case may be you just let
it go life is too fucking short let that
shit go you know you're gonna go around
this world once your family is your
family you day only come around once
like I said and the only exception I say
to this it's like if they do some really
fucked-up shit they're like Melissa to
you or you know break you or like you
know hurt you or put you in danger or
something like that
like that's a different situation but
like if it's if it's small stuff or not
seeing eye to eye or you know they don't
always agree with everything I'm so
fortunate maybe I'm just watching it as
I might post my thing I mean I'm just
fortunate that my parents my mom's
always been open-minded but my dad has
come around and he just accepted me and
loves me as I am and me with him but
he's also changed so much from when
growing up to now he was never a bad dad
at all like he he did his best with me
for sure he you know came to see us all
the time you know he left California we
lived in Illinois um
Louis that's California you know bought
me anything I wanted all the time like
you know just like our relationship has
evolved a lot the way my dad sees things
is my dad's very stubborn like me or he
used to be but now my dad is so he's
always been religious but he goes to
church every day and he's very just he's
a peaceful man now and my dad I love my
dad so much and I know I get my temper
and like maybe anger from him when he
was younger cuz he used to be someone
who get angry quickly and again never
like physical or anything like that but
you know just had a temper and I think I
got that too but like the good thing is
is I saw him switch out of it and change
and like grow out of it and I kind of
feel like I'm getting that point now too
because that was my number one problem
with people as I I could snap and get
really mean really quick and it's not
fun nobody wants to be verbally abused
so my dad's been a hero of mine you know
these past 10 years he's
he's just so peace peaceful just a
peaceful guy accepting loving like you
know I think he doesn't quite get me and
I don't think he he really ever has but
he loves and accepts me for who I am and
he's like I get emotional that time I
posted came right at your emotional time
in this vlog which was probably for the
best cuz I was getting really upset
about not upset but like emotional I
still do cuz um I just I'm at myself for
I guess blocking my dad out of my life
for so long as like an adult you know
when I moved out of his house at 18 we
had left on really bad terms
I wanted to him to LA and pursue acting
he wanted me to stay in college and not
come up first stuff and we were very
stubborn he went at budge I wouldn't
budge so I laughed and I just was like
you know forget my dad I don't need him
and in a way I'm grateful for that
because it really pushed me to be
independent and to make my own way in
this world cuz my dad when we were
growing up wasn't you know super well up
he sold his company became really
successful like midway through my
childhood and you know I was always kind
of bitter that he wouldn't help me out
financially and stuff moving to LA but
in a way it just made me push more that
I wanted nice things I wanted to have
nice things and I I could no longer
expect a handout from my dad or even my
parents my mom you know she she never
made us get a job in high school or
anything so it kind of pushed me and I'm
glad I'm thankful for that but I'm so
sad that I so many years without talking
to my dad you know because um life is
really precious I saw somebody I know uh
but I don't anymore than his dad passed
away and it broke my heart and I wanted
to reach out but I knew it wasn't the
right time war my place because I'm try
to reach out he's never talked back to
me so I I'm sure he has only here for me
but it did break my heart because I
didn't know I had known his father and
just it's like and they're gone they're
gone I believe that you see them again
and I believe they watch over you but um
like imagine I'm so thank God because I
feel like maybe I'm never maybe I didn't
always talk the best femoris how I've
highly of him in the past he has man may
think about he took me back in I don't
share the story a few times but there
was a time where he found me in my
apartment just completely immobile it
took me to a hospital and that night I
mean we stay with him for a year right
three not only put me back in college
and it paid me and you know to get good
grades and stuff 20 you know and most
people go to college and pay for it
themselves and just work hard because
they're paying for meanwhile my dad's
paying me to stay in college and get
good grades and I did quit again
cuz it just wasn't my path but I might
try really hard and even as kids you
know I think I blame my dad for so long
when my parents got divorced and I was
like three I think I blamed him because
he moved you know I was born in
California we lived here for like two
years they moved back to Illinois
together and then when things went sour
and I'm not gonna go into details of my
personal beliefs I always heard two
sides three sides just the story but I
kind of know the truth I feel now but
you know my dad moved back to California
after the divorce and we stayed in
Illinois so we were living there and I
thought growing up for so long them it
abandoned he moved out hell for it be
around us but you know that's where he
started his own company and the company
and eventually selling oh and doing well
for himself and not that I'm not I still
think that's why he chose that I know
the reason I don't want to even think
about it I know and then I was talking
to my mom up is that everything happens
is it cuz
if they would have never divorced my dad
never moved back to California I
probably wouldn't be out here in LA
right now I moved out with my daddy
I graduated high school in Illinois a
small little farm town but I hated so
much my dad I moved in with him the day
of graduation I flew out to California
to go over that town in Illinois and you
know I got to stay with my dad and even
though we had a falling-out you know cuz
I know when I finish school and I went
to LA it was my stepping stone to get to
LA my little my little like foot out in
California my dad got here and I was
familiar with it we had visited him so
many times so it's like everything
happens for a reason and my mom is an
angel too I think sometimes maybe people
get the wrong impression of her and my
vlogs my mom means so well my mom is
without a doubt the kindest part you
know I don't my mom was more of a friend
I feel growing up in a mom but I think
that's all she knew how to do she worked
three jobs yes my dad didn't always make
a lot of money for us growing up and he
spent most of it traveling to see us or
us going to see him and then my mom of
course was a single mom I had multiple
stepdads
um you know I think she was just doing
the best and to make a lot of money just
feel like we were really well off and
that we we never went to school
ugly or smellier you know he's just nice
she's amazing
well she always took me to like events
in Chicago like celebrity sightings or
like contests to appear in a movie she
drove us North Carolina to audition for
Tim Burton's Charlie the Chocolate
Factory with Johnny Depp my mom really
tried for me to my heart hurts time that
I should come out I just credit them and
even in my head nothing just did their
best
and even my brother my sister you know
that our differences I love them so much
family is family you know and I never
never do anything to harm me or put me
in danger it's opposite the babe I've
just tried to be careful and sometimes I
should the mother pushed it away and I
feel look and I regret that but you know
that is the past and I can say the past
is the past you have to only move
forward and that's why I lately just
taught to see my dad as often as I can
and my mama as often as I can but
brother my sister just life I don't
whether they leave first I leave this
her my dad my mom stuff see me out
people recognize ya and even organized
my dad sometimes like oh you know tell
me the name of the person he met he's
like you know he'll say he says I'm
really proud of you never for my dad but
I don't know he quite understands
everything he doesn't watch my videos
but he sees these people that come up to
be a you know some of the cry like I'm
doing now so them just get really
excited and he's like you know you're
making these young girls and boys happy
and that's all that matters and then
with the church to with me
you know song I love you Jesus to donate
that the church was so great to be able
to do that donation and my dad was there
for that video shoe and then when I
donated it to father James in the church
it was it just felt good for me but then
like I said I don't know dad like just
say he's bad I just love your family
like I said if it's something that's
petty or something that's silly or
something that was in the past and you
can let it go let it easier said that
done but just like I would just love
people for who they are and how they are
accept and love you don't care what
other people think about that
relationship you have with that person
or vice versa just love and be loved I
think it's the meds you smother it can
be so hyper emotional I just and we all
know I'm not the easiest person to put
up with for knows that I am definitely
the most difficult of the three children
and so bless my parent's heart for
putting up with me I've lost my brother
and sister for putting up with me TI
more I know I'm a good person I'm have a
good heart but I have a lot of a lot of
demons I deal with that's just all to do
with me and me I work through but they
love me through it and that says a lot
about them too
so I love you guys and I hope I don't
know I'll have this inspires you to
reach out to people like I said if you
can't let it go great if you can't just
everything happens for a reason and the
timing will happen you know like I said
when I was 18 19 20 I didn't want
anything she was my parents so I wish I
could go back and you know try and get
them to accept me or just try and accept
them I guess I could have done it first
too but it's never too late and just
everything's everything's timing I love
you guys remember you're never alone
feel alone you're not
I feel presents a lot of times a god
around me let's give it me a hug I feel
and sometimes I see God in you guys I
don't it's not crazy but when you guys
come up to me you know and give me hugs
it's almost like a a higher power like a
higher being like a higher connection
that I'm feeling when you guys hugged me
it's like sorry guys I keep getting
distracted you him being all sides loopy
right now but I I mean everything I say
and I feeling I'm just feeling very
strongly about everything so thank you
guys for showing me love with along with
my family because I it's a it's a higher
a higher place you're taking me when I
hug you guys in person
um especially this last time in New York
it's this it's this higher place that
you guys take me it was very very
surreal and and like those moments oh my
god is real and this is all this is all
fate this is all where I'm supposed to
I'm right where I'm supposed to be so
hopefully that gives you guys some
comfort as well I'm gonna go to sleep
I'm really exhausted so probably a
choice in the morning I love you guys
and I'll see you guys in my next video
so a member kissies railway she's
