eliminate them and we are on our way to
Hollywood and my mom holding the monster
hi
that's your present which we never do
got my new movie last nominee lay shorts
and we are in a row
girls day okay guys so this is getting
pretty close hospital it's getting
pretty close to the end of my time here
in the Beach City of Playa del Rey
California which is where I lived for
the past three and a half years whoa
crazy longer almost because when I named
Michael I lived with him for a little
while so it's been a long time in the
city I'm so I'm so grateful to be
starting a new adventure a clean start
I'm so excited now I am an adult I'm
owning property it's all a very exciting
time for me and I'm there's so much more
I am going to tell you guys I wouldn't
tell you now but I'm going to tell you
guys when the timing is all right and
it's just a little more settled just
it's so weird because I am gonna have my
GPS on so I'm on Potomac directions I'm
going to a birthday party it's not all
my friend he's doing here it's a Fendi
bag charm anyways
it's funny cuz I'm so public mmm about
my life and we're going on a little turn
we only protect your babies I'm so
public about it and like every little
thing I do and done i usuaiiy share and
I talk about because since I've been
vlogging which was like the past two
years I've been a year and a half on
this channel two years in total of like
vlogging and you guys being a part of my
actual life and not just my videos I'm
just talking to you guys about beauty
products and sex and who knows what else
I thought well um it's just like a weird
thing to be transitioning into a
different into someone else's life and
it's all this um like it's all it's all
something that I got a that be careful
of but just you know be aware that not
everyone is a youtuber not everybody
wants to be on my this channel and be
associate not now that they don't want
to be associated move it just I don't
need to put everything out there which
is an adjustment for me cuz I put
everything out there I say something
with it's all filled what's happening so
it's very um it's just all very bizarre
to be honest I'm sorry I just it's an
adjustment it's change if you will but I
am everything for the better everything
for the good I'm so I'm so happy that I
as I almost hate talking about it and
jinxing it cuz I'm so so happy that
incident another day jinx it I believe
in jinxes necessarily but kind of I feel
like once you get too happy into
comfortable life has a way of coming and
like knocking it down a peg I just I
feel like that always is like I was
getting so happy to be getting it this
year junior I remember I got my mom by
cancer and I'm gonna happen it was just
like a series of unfortunate events and
like I don't believe in jinxes or like
that kind of stuff but
I'm just really happy I don't think
there's anything wrong with being happy
in fact I think happiness breeds
happiness kind of works breed working
breeds more work I think the same thing
about happiness and love the more love
you give the more love you get and same
etc etc so I think it's actually for the
good thing and I'm really happy to be
sharing positive energy and vibes with
you all that my life is progressing in a
great direction and I'm so happy and I'm
still doing YouTube which I love and
it's cool that you guys are on this
journey with me but it's also cool it's
like just Documenta like I look back to
where I started my very first video on
my blondes on the farm J channel which
was January 30 2007 it was posted I was
18 in a studio apartment in a bad part
of Hollywood with no door knob
I was jugged out stripping unhappy like
to see the transformation
whenever I get sad or depressed in my
life now I look and I said look how far
you come Trish so in a way I'm kind of
happy that I can share that with you
guys because you can make your life
whatever you want it to be oh my god I'm
getting emotional I'm like I'm doing a
speech I feel like I won an Oscar you
can make your life anything you want it
to be I don't know about this because
I'm just so emotional that I'm so happy
and I'm getting everything in what in
life and I don't say that as like a
selfish like Oh selfishly I'm so blessed
and so lucky haha like no because I am
the one who had everything going against
her in the sense that I sabotage my own
life a lot of times I was a savage whore
of myself for so long I didn't go to
college I I don't excel in any sort of
talent that would be a talent in the
entertainment industry yeah I found a
talent of talking like like be myself
like that's a quoi
I got a talent being able the gift of
gab is something I think you're you're
blessed with so I you know you just kind
of look for your blessings I may not be
the best singer or piano player I may
not be able to anything extraordinary
but I think like neither one has to get
to camp like I do so you don't like look
for your own talents
even if you don't think they're talents
cuz they come naturally to you that's
what a natural talent is right what's
your talent trash I'm a talker I talk
really well with people and I can talk a
lot I'm acknowledging that is not
putting it out there
I'm not taking back I'm owning that um
yeah I'm just oh my god I won plus the
Vice praise like I'm going out to a
fancy restaurant right and I have sweet
cinnamon pumpkin oh my god she's just
breathing hard let me check the next I'm
gonna go check its my tree it's some
hazy schedule they're angels my
hairstylist and he's oozes his boyfriend
but he comes with me on I'm using hair
stylist to but he comes on all my sets
and we come really close and we hang out
all the time too so um for his birthday
I wanted to take them out to Westeros
which is my favorite shows I even told
him I was a cubic pick anywhere I just I
just love Mastro's because it's a very
fancy place it's very upscale it's very
and expensive or whatever I just feel
like it's a nice like tree it's really
good food like I feel like everyone is
experienced Mastro's better than helping
a girl I said it but yeah I'm
yeah I this is good right now I'm just
happy I'm just very very happening
yeah so I wanted to talk and just I
don't know I felt like having like a car
vlog in a while I feel like actually to
be honest I feel like I haven't been
vlogging all that much so which I want
to do and I will oh my god you best
believe I'll be vlogging so much coming
up of Hamelin ah shucks okay that would
literally be the most embarrassing thing
ever if I forgot my card like hey I'm
huge like the nicest most expensive
restaurant like my card it's a big fear
of my other big favor like a carving or
card being rejected I don't know why I
like it looks like another big favor I
don't know I just like it's okay I've
had it happen before so it's like that
in the world but um okay so we talked
about that I feel like there's so much
more to talk about coming up and um
videos are coming up major huge
production videos are coming up I'm so
excited about all these amazing
opportunities I'm doing more with my
network style haul which is awesome I
love it I I'm just really in this like a
good place right now and I hope you guys
all are too and if you're not where you
want to be it's ok life's a process I
I'm gonna do a video I was doing an
Astra course I'm asking about depression
and I actually was in a really deep
depression literally it ended and
innocent
I was able to deal with it you know just
a couple weeks ago it but for six months
of this year I was in this dark deep
depression that I don't think even you
guys knew about no one knows about me so
you're in like this week the deep
depression Alliance people don't even
know it but I was in it and it's a
complete 180 from where I was and I just
thank God so much for that so if you're
not where you want to be if you would
even consider yourself depressed just
know that literally in a matter of weeks
I'll like your life can change literally
in a matter of a day today we found out
that my brother got offered a job out of
state which is crazy and we're all like
so sad about it like it's like a
traumatic for us but it's crazy because
we're so used to seeing him like once a
month or once every other week and just
being old hey let's grab dinner or let's
you know whatever and so like the idea
of not being legit because I've been
able do that my entire life with him
we've always lived in the same state me
in him is it's crazy so our life we
literally changed in the course of a
phone call his life changed the course
of phone call getting job that our life
changing the course getting phone calls
reversing I got the job and I'm moving
out of state so it's all
it's all a crazy world we live in isn't
it hmm
but I love you boys I do a copy for my
brothers it's a better paying job and I
am so excited about it which is good um
but I don't know I'm giving my life to
my dad was saying I'm so glad you kids
are doing well and he like that's all I
wanted as a father was that you guys did
well and that made me cry Jews like oh
my god because because of mental or
emotional of acknowledging my my
progress in life it's it's a very it was
a very emotional thing for me today it's
been an emotional night okay Oh cuz I
just found out today by the way today
that I'm like everything's official like
it's happening happening in the next
like we in half so fun time you guys see
just like a backbend and so it kind of
again even though I felt like it was
something coming for the past few weeks
or a month um of course of course of it
phone call literally changes your life
so it's interesting it's an interesting
thing I'm kind of chilly so yeah thank
you what fun fevers bullshit I love this
baggage area Vegas Vegas literally the
best thing I've ever bought so Trish
tonigh gets me dad and my brother Uncle
Joe or absolute genome super excited
about that and then Sunday were swimming
at the whales and super excited about
that before SeaWorld
I love going to SeaWorld well I like
doing the excursions of being to be in
the water with these majestic animals
they're so beautiful I know I get so
much me whenever I bring up SeaWorld
Trisha should've go if you really love
them you wouldn't go
look I don't I think there's like two
sides to every story right like there's
that like there's a little bit of truth
in every bit of story
they seem happy there I'm I I just
there's something magic in Elsa mile
turn right onto Washington Boulevard
there's just something magical about
these animals above so gracefully in the
water and they seem so free and so happy
but I don't want to latching on them
like don't demo throw of them like they
broke through all the comments are not
gonna be I think in this long I talk
about except that I went to SeaWorld so
I enjoy it and they don't look like
they're being towards her but it's
almost cuz that's controversial trying
to stick away from controversial topics
unless I have a strong opinion on it I
don't just our opinion I'm like is this
worth the battle means you get choose
your battles a little bit alright guys
well if I say if I figure out something
else that was worth talking about I will
talk about it my arms are back I haven't
worked out either because I was like I'm
moving and so lazy on the gym part but
we got this Carly was like stopped at
the red light and like a minute later
decides to go through it oh so weird oh
my god so weird do people start me in
the car I don't know they're showing me
cuz I'm a freak cut them pretty or they
know me because there's a little girl I
always think that now I always think
that when I see people it's like so
weird so if you do watch my videos cuz I
had that same feeling when my mom and I
went to the griddle I will often there's
three girls not really fighting hey
watched my videos but like that's so rad
mystic toys like not I'm gonna watches
your videos I'm sure nothing watch my
videos and I'll live I knew it such a
cool feeling by the way unless you do
you - well it's hard to explain that
feeling that people like love you
for being you and I think that's so
awesome it's Friday night and runs out
one two looking hot with her dates is so
cute
Friday night is so freakin cute couples
hand in hand I love it I feel I remember
seeing it more because my eyes are open
to it I will speak to you soon
and it's so dark in masterís otherwise
I would flop but it's good only the
darkest thing I try to walk once you
literally saw nothing so this is a
really cute I switch like restaurant ins
up over here Mon culvert getting on
Washington which is a pretty cool
intersect of Culver City especially
where I started my career on TV and the
Greg bear show we shot it like literally
coming up dropping something off like no
really let's not do this
stupid here love loves all around don't
forget that Josh Oh public school that
was really good school right there mmm I
mean it's like casual something like a
date night a type of place but he is
yummy I'm wearing my superficial bitch
dress but wait everyone asked and it's
from Nasty Gal 'this guy's gonna be an
idiot and he's hilarious to drown his
car but yeah this dress is from Nasty
Gal oh really
stupid driver is low Elaine
Allen Lane hashtag love it actually
living
to tweet
