mom's just saying she did a brush your
hair to hit every one of my blogs always
has did your mom ever brush your hair
what what's the point the natural look
not a bed toss a look okay where's your
Trish shirt today I went to the DMV I
thought I was gonna have a job interview
today
we're we're interviewing a limousine
what happened I said you didn't go we're
going to see the gift watch our bag
jason bateman we both love so tz4 so you
said he was married so don't call any of
us does that somebody else was married
they were who they were Liam why
nobody's name here
oh yeah mommy's Mary's got a cute no
that was Chris Hemsworth oh yeah yeah
bones like oh that's ovarian and I look
I'm up he's like mare with a cattleman
okay mom so we are going I got my new
glasses I picked him up there my mew-mew
glasses and we're going through the
parking garage which scares me and it's
a scary movie so anyways I got my big
big ready for some treats here we go oh
my gosh guys look my mom is officially a
senior here my mom was at a movie
theater that's at 55 buzz but I mean
stem home just turned 60 and we saw that
it was 60 Plus at that theater so I
didn't say it didn't say it so I'm like
let's just get the senior ticket but I
was
I mean they did for to annika IUP
statehood my mom accidentally put two
seniors and I wasn't mom I'm not seeing
your so I did the other one and then I
was like but you wouldn't have known
you're right but it's better to be
honest my mom's basically a senior
dressed like a fourteen-year-old are
eating snacks now we're just going to
the movie I love her hmm semi mom super
sis I guess next time I got it you got
the tickets like okay right now why
would it be for boats I didn't invite
you out and I think the movies right now
these pajamas are so cute she had a
super cute look how comfortable is our I
mean II look comfortable so we just saw
um
there's much Gay Pride stuff here I love
it takes a whole rainbow section um
anyways we just saw oh my having so cute
- okay the gift oh my god can I just
like finish that's what we closed in
there crying got cute dresses in the
pants but anyways we saw the gift and it
was really good we were really scared
the whole time I was like grabbing at my
mom I just like red shirts better as I'm
in the men's section like a creeper um
just kind of pretend
that I'm looking mmm
I'm sure so so comfortable um it was
routed and the inning was crazy but I
called it about midway I called it I
won't spoil and put it at that I was
pretty good house pear pad myself or
calling it but yeah we actually came to
get Gatorade because it was a said green
Gatorade in the movie and that's why we
came here
so um oh I don't know why I'm living my
mom trying on clothes I guess you could
find music a bit high schools are so
cute I wish she made guys clothes for
girls but I guess girls go and we should
be gender-neutral here at Target that's
just you that's all you would have your
mother always be wow that's like the
flaming hot cheetos I'm gonna eat them
you can't really enjoy because they're
so hot so make you taste the cheetah
part yeah do you want us no sauce no
thank you
thanks so much you know huh yeah I sound
like some my cries to the more valuable
we got you guys okay that spicy chicken
fries okay so in the wrong part this is
the chicken burger this place you know
oh man oh but this but the reason I'm
okay this I see but when you come here
at the spicy chicken fries their face
looks angry like it literally looks like
it's on fire and I was like oh I don't
think I want those you know so we went
to catch you and fries oh my god okay so
I told them entirely when I thought of
the gift what did you think of the gift
mom it was really good it's best I've
ever seen but don't like the lead girl
so I let in target liquor Jelena learned
I was like me if I know that girl is she
just ignored me I'm like oh my god
that's what you got from the whole thing
how much did you bury I like to honor
either that's kind of maybe I just don't
like female actresses nothing about no
they were not attractive me and one
female actress you like this is a hot
hmm see exactly them no I'm just date on
females I know I'm your I like Winona
Ryder
I like Juliette Lewis I like peril
Anderson I lied um my inner self uh
actors what if I am lucky
oh my gosh how come good not no beer II
don't want huh
I might mom get what Molly no miss
McCarthy she's overplayed this is like
Luke bong where you show them what
you're eating and I need it Wow Oh here
hop i these are spicy so I know are the
other ones are like play my hot cheetos
oh sure um fishes not this wow them are
well done I love him well done them oh
my gosh we got fries in the cup holder
so one check it saw the gift and it is
six o'clock this was a full day my mom
was at the DMV
she wasn't blogging that too many
weirdos there that would have been the
best blog ever I fetch that mom I got
this she's champion file electorate it's
now public
