hmm can you see the steam you can see
the steam steam is rising having it this
amazing chicken from dinner oh my god so
excited to have this it's still kind of
hot I just came out but I'm trying to
show you guys something rappers you guys
get film if you're interested Trader
Joe's girls are or chicken so good they
make it crush and it bakes in there you
put it in oven for like 15 minutes and
you get that yummy piece of perfect
chicken so excited my dinner tonight
okay I feel like this is just becoming
like for what I eat vlog but I just had
some black breakfast tea and some toast
with some vegan butter you guys would be
happy and then I put some of this honey
I just got at Trader Joe's and this and
it tasted really really good and this is
just English breakfast black at eat so
yeah there's the butter the vegan butter
shave it's nothing you better I tried
out from Trader Joe's and non-gmo yeah I
got the healthy fruit lemons water
blasters and the new bling-bling nails
like burger at 6:00 okay
so we're gonna take a picture
butters place so pretty there so pushy
Aylee legit just occurred to me that I
have not logged in a really long time
and that's not good because I have been
snapchatting and I'm just thinking like
hmm I have not blog so anyways I'm
filming I also have today so there's
that but I'm feeling with no pants
because they're just so high here but
I'm about to tackle this bad boy on my
main channel it is a beauty haul that
has been a long time coming clearly and
they might have to divide it cuz I'm a
lot like Mac product so I could almost
Street a whole like Mac haul and then we
roses are dead over there I'm just like
chilling I don't know I got my damn pony
it was so hot that my face keeps getting
shiny every time it's like in between
every video I have to like blot so I'm
just filming videos for you guys today
but I feel like I should be vlogging way
more than I do because I've been
snapchatting so much um yeah I guess
that's pretty much it but you got
another my hair up once daddy share it's
a different one it's a wife beater
mm-hmm anyways that's all the updates I
got um I might be on hiatus on this
channel though like well not hiatus but
I may just get like one a week video
because um maybe I don't know I don't
even think that's like jinxing was
though this might be on hiatus but maybe
not I don't know we'll figure it out but
yeah I love you guys so much and I will
check in if I have an exciting update
cuz basically just see me eat all week
that's not exactly okay I just had a
costume change for my video but I
thought I was like so cute I had to do
it I put the hot in psychotic
that's me I mean I may be crazy but at
least I'm cute right so yeah sorry I'm
like obsessed with this pony the braid
though still cannot find pants I've not
a pant day so alright might tackle this
wish me luck guys for real
need all the wealth in the world since I
just finished filming at Target Anna be
ho look at this after raft look at that
oh my gosh and over there oh I'm hot I
thought you turned me off my beauty once
and I gotta go change back into my other
outfit and film with thumbnails and I'm
such an idiot
but I think I did it so hot when it was
you being so loud but I can get it so
now I'm going to get at that meal change
back into this because this is my Iron
Man's sleeping off a cliff and I decided
and clean up this mess open my windows
again it's hot hot hot and get something
to actually eat cuz all I've been eating
his cheese it's all day and that was not
nutritious for anyone alright so
cleaning up this mess now but I thought
I had to show you guys some you know do
you guys like a packs for those where
you go oh sleepy
