okay I just decided to show myself
because I mean I literally look so crazy
I'm not touched my hair like literally I
just been like sleeping in we camp with
my hair so yeah I like haven't done
anything to it I'm going for a walk
there is a method to the ugly madness
when I got for a walk like I don't like
people bothering me I got sounds weird
girls I think any girls know just know
if you're looking like two cute people
just always want to bother you I don't
know but I got a new pair of shoes and I
want to show you guys so my laundry wait
but half of the way I'm getting there
and I was holding my laundry I hear you
normally hold it at my bedroom or my
clothes are um but I was pulling it out
here because I was watching a Lifetime
movie stuff yeah I just got some new
Nike ID I think around so I can see what
I'm okay so this is Nike ID unboxing
this my first custom order of Nikes and
that is yes to custom Nike so there's no
I just love them they're bright neon I
mean it looks pretty bright neon I was
having charge the battery back it looks
pretty bright neon on here but they're
bright bright okay but the coolest part
about these right and my dad was like
Brandon Lee and I was like late one
night okay Trish but I didn't know
Deponia
everyone so what you guys to get put
guess guess guess yes yes this fish just
like this like my burgers got hot isn't
it yeah I'm really dedicating myself to
the fish see now at the fish world oh my
gosh Minos what's so funny
so yeah when you put these on I'm so
excited to go walking Susie's came was
like yeah I need to go walking now but
yeah I I'm in there to play not like
crazy I know some people have feels so
nuts with it but I thought they were
cute and I needed some new shoes they're
just Nike Air Max and I got them from
the Nike website
hashtag my Nike IDs
moving forth the neon horseshoes go
little chubby legs trying to get me
going places I need to go to they're
just so cute they really seem happy and
it's like what are we filming my feet I
seen this all the time on my snapchat
Trish Sean mikey has a little stuffy Rex
I can't be far my little stubby legs are
better than a hi yeah there's like
literally a big thing
there's so much anxiety and I'm being
super obnoxious and there's mice to be
embarrassing boats man good
Oh crazy that's like having like every
hour
no I'm still going I'm standing better
than control I may be back home
some AOS Starbucks gentleman be back on
my drink by the way that I mentioned in
my August favorites at Mingo to nominate
blacked my huge company has only 60
calories for the small one makes me feel
good my appetite and I like my little
treat
no snacks are sleepy and my yellow shoes
oh my gosh okay that guy is butter here
a nip drumstick
we got some for a party tonight because
we're supper mom's birthday and my
sister Lana's birthday and I just ran
into someone and I look homeless like
actually homeless but she was very sweet
and I was very excited so we're shopping
my mom has her and I'm Trish oh yeah
know why you look at me first look at me
literally I've been sleeping in this
hair no you look good I got my Snoopy
but I just what could we use there's
butter fingertip drumsticks that's so
exciting
look ah I kind of want them a camera as
well as I'm gonna be helping in there
anyway
I think the Butterfinger fudge one the
triple pack thing yeah
everything's well she was like so fun
she's like the sweetest thing ever she
like literally dropped her groceries I'm
so excited and her mom's like is this
your favorite dance teacher like mom my
favorite youtuber is was that yeah I was
like that was so funny I was like oh she
was so so excited it makes me so excited
when people get excited my mom's like I
could hear you in the next aisle I was
just really excited because she was
really excited I know
did you even get the syrup after that
okay crazy real life this is real life
anyways we're going to check out and
that's what we're doing and I try to
show you guys this but this is so cool
my mom got one of these and there's just
whole delicious oh my god there's like
strawberry chance in it what was this
called a strawberry refresher
oh yeah it was all gonna in Celeste
calories in the Mingo Black's lemonade
that I got and that we love but this is
actually it was precise might be better
I know
please a different Facebook oh yeah we
got his IPA you have a little orange
juice in there moment I think I'm gonna
start to get McDonald in I mean it's not
like I'm like wait are you okay it was
like so weird the way you said it
wait watch your head don't that chill
near freezing got the drumstick we're
gonna let you know how to a woman shower
oh my God look at my mom did you only
bake half of a tombstone I've never seen
anyone do that why she said screaming Oh
ma'am I'm so crazy
alright mom what's in my refrigerator
you should know you look at what's
a-matter for ya oh yeah alcohol yeah -
Meghan I got you things because I don't
want you to get anything
blueberry waffles yawn oh my god Krispy
Kreme Doughnuts now has kick up steps on
a wine I'm so crazy okay next we see me
and my little heart put together cuz
this looks like a crazy person right now
look at my mom got a poor number your
time I totally called her out like oh
thanks for this fish 'mobile and I'm
like we're gonna souvenir no she has got
that go over there and the finish I'm
like mmm because I was not thought of I
brought you something back from a cruise
so him but doesn't yeah obviously you
know why everything was so dirty there
really this looks pretty clean that was
that because we bought it off your guide
killing it on the beach mmm-hmm but
you're gonna store it so cute look at
her little gecko - this is like the
cutest thing I know I'm not speaking
your fish thing really I thought why did
I get it I'm just gonna be mom when she
comes to my house and starts filming
everything in my house like let me show
you everything in Trish's house I'm
gonna do it now with my mom yeah that's
so cute thanks for thinking of me for
these things mom members buys the Chanel
I don't want where we gonna put that I
love it but there's no way I'm gonna put
that and I love it but it's cute this
isn't so cute look it's been it's like
they're getting blowjobs little fishes
giving blowjobs Oh where'd you play
about up on you that's the key Oh juicy
beachy oh oh
