filming day my go-go juice when men go
back to them name I just filmed my July
favorites and I'm uploading them I'm
trying to upload and edit right away
because I hadn't posted in a while so
I'm gonna do that and I have my John
Cena earn it share on and at highs I've
been obsessed with John Cena yes I seen
the movie trainwreck mmm mama like I
talked about in my favorites video but
yeah so I'm just filming a bunch of
videos today I got my glam on and um I
don't know sometimes I get really in the
mood to film and I'm like hey today I'm
gonna film 500 videos because I I think
I always have like good energy and like
I'm always like positive and videos it's
gonna like drink this on the air drink
it um because I genuinely like get
excited like but today I have I
literally have like 20 videos I could
film but sorry guys my phone was ringing
anyways I have no idea what I was saying
because my phone is ringing and then my
phone is dead
um oh yeah I just can't really like
inspired to do like oh I have 20 videos
I was gonna do I was like I'm gonna like
the same in 20 videos like I have to
save some for evidence time I want to
get the lung clamp but no I just get
these moods where I just wanna like talk
and talk to everybody and I get really
inspire to talk about things I talk up
the day
write me a chill for a minute have to
edit someone chill
I think those packages I heard mean
thrown against the thing um yeah it's
beach day it's Monday but conveniently
right there it's beach day but it's
Monday so it's weird that there's only
people in the beach see what I got
so John Cena's hot ass how he did John
Cena ass appreciation day just a whole
day just that he can post ass selfies
see married anyone no I mean in the
comments below by the way are we living
for these hearings they're my favorites
with their from Nordstrom they're like a
double back it's so cute Chris just
assumed that was that was what gonna it
was a bail box but nothing exciting to
show you guys but okay guys I'm gonna
add it and you like some lunch videos
and then like edit them all later but I
need to get this favorite up because it
is Pina August and I just talking so
much like they read some try out of that
and get that up John Cena
si call me my favorites but call me
again oh my gosh guys how cool is this
someone tweeted me this picture um
outside some like bar restaurant in the
Netherlands and I like is this you and
it is I don't know what's these fest is
but awesome
and I want to be a part of it um but
yeah this is me from this modelling
photo that I did for um oh hello there's
my flap I look crazy in that reflection
hated um it is uh yeah this is from a
photo shoot I did for pipe dream
products which is one of the biggest sex
toy companies and you can see this box
and a bunch of other lingerie that I
modeled for insects doors to this day
but yeah I did a side by side and I just
posted this on instant to find the
artist of here's know who this artist is
it's so cool he even made my thighs
fuller than they were there because I
was about 21 in that picture so while
ago but he made my thighs fuller my butt
fuller I kind of like it actually even
better I've got my arms right my little
puffy arms I love it Europeans just know
how to embrace that full-figured fun
fact
uh 40 percent I think of my audience is
made up of British and Dutch I was told
that like last year or so anyways yeah
I'm alright high school yeah I'm doing
laundry over there mm-hmm
and then there's some favorites still in
the ground but yeah watch a lifetime
doing laundry
