no you guys can't see development but
we're going on a dolphin excursion today
we are at SeaWorld is this recording
yeah we're at SeaWorld and we're going
to swim with the dolphins in an hour and
I'm so freaking excited for it and I'm
with my brother and my sister-in-law and
they're gonna be filming for their
Channel bricks travels but there is the
bell they were in the global dolphin
area this is I've been to Sea World and
like a decade oh there's a whole Dolphin
Stadium
she can see the dolphin show there but
yeah we're just kind of looking around
now it's really hot it's like a Saturday
in summer so we're just kind of like
looking around feeling it out and yeah
let's see how it goes I should have
nervous it was my idea to do the golf
excursion but at the same time I'm like
kind of like Viviana so
first ride of the day so we're waiting
to go on the dolphins and we are now on
the shipwreck shipwreck reef we were
just saying we felt like we were what we
were feeling like we're back on the
cruise and they US Virgin Islands
oh yeah I guess his little GoPro if you
guys want to see who they are you have
to go to their channel because they
water I need to know are we gonna take a
picture
there they are breeze travels YouTube
that concepts for channels so there it
is let's see them click on their faces
and you can see him
over there
our than uncharged local charges
I said
that
the shocking
red easy baby showers on I don't know
what it's from them
they literally just loved the baby
sharks on
yes only gonna see the baby shark song
go to fish because that was the funniest
thing I trying to listen to what you're
doing I think what are they doing okay
once again copyrights like Shark Week in
real life
why do you remember this part about his
hero
Wow
I actually got a terrifying
I'm just gonna shake it a picture with
Shamu on Shamu and our like looking over
there they're getting better footage
over that way but I just came all this
way cuz it was hot and I want to be in
the shade I don't like to be in the Sun
too much morning any kind of sunburn and
then I heard got a refill on sprite
we've been splitting this this thing is
so good if there's ever come to SeaWorld
protip SeaWorld hack um you should if
you guys are like clothes like that
y'all should get one of these they're
like $60 you get free refills the whole
time and if you come back is one day
gets you a year if you come back it's
like a dollar so definitely it that we
just went on Atlantis oh my god it was
called gently this but yeah so I
couldn't bring my camera's we were like
what did I hear
we soak time journey gently this my
brother actions recording and the only
time I'm so burned I'm so sunburned oh
my goodness
anyways um so we just got wet the
brother recorded all of it so you guys
can go check that out
adverts travel literally my brother's
like it so funny now we're gonna go get
some penguins Oh
oh my god this is so cutie pie yet sleep
Oh
we can't do like everything right there
I'm dying
penguins are so view
German movies about chopped we're just
alpha to the dolphins are the things
and I
