Adriana anyways we adjust to finish
filming with got super excited I love
them so much we oh they didn't like an
apartment to our kind of guys went
around my home it's like the right
amount yes we're all gonna go to
comic-con together right we can all be
well you don't like it with all this
game we got the Game of Thrones and my
sister Nicci because she hasn't seen
Game of Thrones either herself maybe
every cosplayer from every season up
there it's like I just didn't era season
time well again I don't understand how
people don't love it so we need to do it
we get all high we can all cosplay we'll
finish that one day if you guys ever
talk to me anyways we've been hanging
out and I'm so excited about it
we did a video on my channel we did a
video on her channel yeah in we're on
this channel around like so much run so
many so check it out today is actually
killing it he's definitely way more
popular than me so you need to go you
gotta do this no he's like the blogspot
member like v1 you know that I watch
like like the most of know for a reality
or like everything can I do the super Q
I feel like they're both super Q I can't
decide I kept killing him in our game
and kept marrying Matt Matt like the
sweet
yeah this is cute this is a good
thumbnail right there she's like Calvary
young you love it right now let's do a
video now I feel bad all right well
check him out and yeah that's nice log
West 7 I've done anything yet wow man I
love him they did Matt just left and my
sister and I were talking and I was like
oh my god I was so nervous so if you
know right we've talked about that for a
while like since I met Jason back in
like June it was we all started watching
everyone and we become fans and I feel
like sometimes any becomes someone you
get really nervous so anyways when they
came over I was super nervous like if
you watch their video I'm like sweating
it's 72 degrees in here so it's like
cold I'm sweating it like jabrai like
block my face when they left and then
with 8 left because my sister was so
quiet you guys not mister not quiet
quiet
and then she always talks about them and
so anyways I was gonna picture so let's
get hello in now another reference we
love yeah and so anyways I was like take
my picture with everyone because I was
pretty scary um and so I was gonna be
like I got my sister the ball she wasn't
talking but I'm like Callie hello we can
see a matter here like what are you
doing you don't even even so I got her
in the vlog and then I wasn't asked for
picture but I know back in the day like
if I'd met like a celebrity I really
liked and like someone go get a picture
without nothing no that's not cool I
don't because I don't wanna like
embarrass you and my sisters like no you
should have a make way why don't use
that some kinda nose is nervous legit
shaky
but some of those things to where you're
like they want to leave I think a
whirlwind to like it just say come and
whooshing you're like yeah like it's
also different with like sometimes
people want to stay like I know what
Tywin Ricky Dillon came alive like years
ago he would say for like hours were
like when me and Shane McCloud we would
stay for like 10 hours and then some
people like in and out like quick and so
I'm like I don't I don't know what they
were and then I didn't know if they
wanted to say or like whatever but I
know I did tell them that we had a
little appointment at 2:30 so maybe they
felt like they had like I don't know or
maybe they were hungry
I don't know overthinking everything
yesterday I know we're out word cheetah
girls over here and are like my mom my
sister me I think we're I was like we're
the awkward people but together we're
good
yeah so is it we just make a lot of
noise who's just oh my dude turn clear
we made it so easy oh okay you look like
Goldie Hawn in the First Wives Club with
your mom's over there with her lemon
cream she's just a nurse she's it's my
jacket I look like one yeah 90 is frost
lip you know what like this no oh yeah
with this like glasses in the halter
very 90s outfit today
yeah so I'm taking my mom my sister for
the first time to Tiffany and Beverly
Hills Beauty bites have are you so
excited she does you when you see her
lips like meaty Tiffany's lips they're
like Nicole's like they're so flat but
so big like they're flat on her face you
know they also got like a dog so I have
we brought snacks we both were eating
like chips and cookies moms at Herot a
little sexy black fries you do you look
at look at your lips
you have had your plum probably like a
year huh you're gonna look so good
I feel like Botox I was low top some of
my eyebrows just get lifted some reason
I like Botox I have a little you got
your Botox in those awesome you had your
Botox
I think sorry do this before I do the
less about a minute I like my 10 against
Botox - because she doesn't super quick
like she does everything quick which I
like it's like get done so anyways this
is our Merry Christmas this is how we
changed the ladder Christmas I'm ready
good they gave me their gifts in my last
like a blog last week so this is their
gift and then we're going out to my
favorite pump ah I don't need any more
guesses are my gifts every day
then we're gonna pump you're gonna pump
mom's in the pump and right all right
pump tonight
lobster pasta my favorite so we just got
our lips and Botox what do you think
I love how do you think yours love and
there's tips if you want to be my blog
you're never on my always say lips and
folks after swollen now but she is the
one who gets always giving compliments
if they look so much better
they're swollen right now but like she
gave me two flats my face I love her she
said pretty like the reason I literally
watch hours cuz she's pretty but she
also it's amazing I was like oh it's so
great I literally just came out saying I
wanna meet her now I just obsessed I
probably been here like eight times I'm
like obsessed is so here so alright guys
pub so cute and Chris festive
girls excited date night in Hollywood
girls so we start out with the rock
shrimp tempura so pretty entire
what oh you have actually look how
pretty you look is yeah I told you
shooting the Dothraki BOC super of
course enough there in this lighting
my biotics no it's so fun lobster pasta
what do you know you travel chicken and
love mushroom about trouble once you get
my steak and wow these are good she says
I'm a potato salad
I bet our favor
I'll do a little bite I know I feel like
it's gonna be so boring hi I love this
this is my fave this lobster they put so
much in it
so much Lobster
oh my god right there is our lava cake
desert I cut a little piece out so they
don't get sick no I just want a little
piece so the night is coming to it okay
a nice Cody all right Tommy
those lips look like how you look like
somebody did you have to eat or
something well thank you maybe Bella
Hadid no oh definitely that I'm sure
your subscribers have been saying like
it looks like a tranny month no offense
chicken because hello I know I'm gonna
say about like treads people are like
more beautiful than this females um it's
been a day I feel achy again today she
did she clean that's all I felt kind of
bad it was dated bat rubber because it
was so messy because I like falling
asleep but she cleaned my house for me
Wow
I appreciate oh I love you too I feel
like we're like proving it so we rise
like it's a cool to have someone here
like everybody live with someone
full-time but like I do get lonely so
what someone's here okay like I look
like nice even if I'm just like editing
and she's like wow I'd love to have her
mates it's a yeah oh thank god lets veg
on the couch together yeah no I see I
guess I'd like very finicky and just
like all my personalities I feel like
all the personalities I feel like I love
being around people like but then it's
like I really don't sometimes to it's
like I just iced I go up and down to
what but when you live by yourself then
you're forced to like hang out with
other people so that's another good
thing yeah like that that's a such a
thing but luckily they're closed and we
can always hang out you look so pretty I
got a big head compared to you my sister
right come to the next comic-con with me
I'm super excited
oh no I now I'm tired baby hen I'm lazy
your tongue
but anyway it's let me say good night
and I sissy's here wasn't it was a long
day we were just think about everything
behind us like a long day you really
didn't have a she's got a full month
vlogmas baby wanna say 15 got some weird
18 oh yeah I was like bitch is my ear
you are with our mama scary part they'll
be with 12 year anniversary of plus we
first youtube video only or fourth 12 12
towards crazy that's a long time
generally force you listen I'm gonna say
it's amazing when you guys come up to
her because I'm like I look at her like
you have impacted people yeah thank you
I know I'm sure we had one guy who was
super sweet walking across the street
and I was like you put a rose on your
under she's like a person I'll do so
nice he's like what are you say he's
like greicy about them lip injection you
thought maybe it just posted we got it
and then he's like and then when I went
passes the crosswalk like he's walking
with his little cat your boson or happy
you have those I don't see ya
okay guys influence him to get oh I was
so cute I just awesome that guy though
crossing san cemente yeah empathy and
third but nope it's perfect weird to say
how it's so weird remember we loved it
when I first came out what's so good I
know but they just overdid it
I mean and rumbles is like 40 and
they're like solace is you in college or
something as stickers alright guys well
I love you so much hello this one's yeah
drive Oh video a year no okay just give
me am I in I've watched sort of your old
was that your cup song you were really
good actually I'd like a while oh you
song ironic
perfect they put it in your mind I know
I gotten love you guys all signed your
mat cat6 for my little bit of efficient
we can't do kids love so whose garlic's
done I said okay I'll work until you
quit I got a slot on whatever hi Scott
no really
should we do a rap for somebody no kind
of this guy Jerry he watched my vlogs
barely then I said wow I can't believe
you had the cow so here we get the clout
with the video shout out noses the beach
- he's very is so good you love nobody
Oh is those what pow
like in between transitions at the end
no at the end okay do it one more I
don't watch it again you're right
