okay is Monday morning and felt like
such an adult just now I just had a
meeting with a new accountant a new
business manager and a loan officer I
feel like such an adult but at the same
time I was such a headache from it
because so much money talk and just uh
it's just gets so complicated sometimes
but I'm in Westwood and this is such
like that bougie part I think Westwood
and Pico it's so la to be on Westwood
new Pico like la Guitar Center where I
still might be inhaling guitar that I
literally just needed for a video and
then I was over it and I had no room to
put it yeah that's where we ate I
believe Shane's not pool premiere was
right there oh my god this is like the
longest life either via had such a
business meeting just show me the
cutting edge I didn't I was so scared to
like check was more of me just being
born right in there to my friends whoa
this is the longest light did we push
something you'll be going crossing
because it's like to not change
she could've had a snapchat they
actually it's really a blog worthy thing
I just wanted to sleep well earlier this
morning I was not even get out of bed
well you guys fight on snapchat by the
way everyone see this movie
Straight Outta Compton I want to see a
so bad Paul Giamatti is in it I'm so
excited
I don't know who any of these actors are
but they look they look pretty awesome I
love MWA in the in the trailer for it is
like what's NWA cm4 know why it's a lot
it's kind of funny because like you
would fly think that back that I think
that now it's like 2014 right when I
loved the police coming straight from
underground Oh young gotta be this is
honestly that's oh that's a good
question of the day
do you think it's okay for white people
say that Edward if it's part of a song
obviously if it's in a script people say
it and if it's a song should we have to
censor ourselves as white people
oh my god speaking of white people
there's this whole oh my god I got a
whole video on this but I saw on MTV
there was a show called white people
about what it's like to be white in
America I don't know really what the
premise says or what the setup is what
the angle is they're great for it but I
just found it really interesting that
they would know just from the preview I
could tell it was gonna be time
interesting because the locations on the
show whites we're like you know I'm
scared to offend anyone I don't want to
say in this like kind of true I don't
know I finished this before I'm not
saying like oh my god it's so hard to be
white or whatever but I feel like just
as the racism has happened and come out
and what people kind of get this bad rap
because like if we say something and
we're white it's like we're being
offensive but like in facts can say I
want blacks or like how people say it
about you know Asians like it's it's not
as offensive or something I don't know
if it could be weird and I say weird
because it kind of I think confuses I
know it confuses me because I'm like
okay well I don't know me back in high
school I were to joke well as different
cuz in my high school we only had white
people so it was kind of different but
when I came out to California for the
first time
I I would say the same jokes that I
hadn't said before and I don't know
people just took like offense to him and
it's just a weird thing she's know like
what the line is and if someone can say
it but I can't I don't know secretly I
don't know how the end of the day here's
my stance on it right in front even I'm
talking about this parade but at the end
of the day I feel like we should just be
able to say whatever we want like you
can tell when someone's a hateful person
and saying something out of hatred and
when someone's like making a joke just
like humor everyone has the same sense
of humor and not everyone finds the same
thing funny but it shouldn't be a thing
where we're like scared to make jokes or
scare to be funny over certain things
because we're scared and like I found
people and that's any race not just
white but just any race yeah
well John you parked and not the right
parking structure I had to go to Target
but I think I'm gonna pee more I just
wanna go home and get back in my pajamas
oh that's an chat this morning i
snapchatted I might give her those
headaches when you wake up too fast
that's happen to me cuz when I get up in
the morning is normally right and I'm
blessed very blessed that I'm able right
is um I shouldn't even say that because
I feel like anyone could do this because
when I do have to get burped like on a
certain time for something I just
schedule like it actually half hour to
lay there but if I have nowhere to go or
nothing to do or no time to me I um I
just lay in bed for like an hour and a
half to two hours and just like get on
my phone
sometimes watch TVs and I was read I
don't know or just lay there but I had a
piece so bad as money I woke up so fast
and I kind of got a headache from it and
I just got a headache my let business
talk about taxes just it's a lot
happening there's like a huge light up
this car like wall moves it's so funny
it's warm in LA I forgot how hot it was
holy shit
but I didn't forget because I obviously
dressed for warm weather I know I wear
this to like came to see oh yeah that
was really a good angle
I wear this outfit doesn't seem like a
jean skirt so not professional but then
again neither a Mary
but I get in my car and I look so gross
today you gonna get in this car before I
get killed I'm gonna go out all this
week project I just had a club with my
trainer he's got some training sessions
for this week if I'm not gone and I go
gonna have a lot of shame but I go back
but it's better than like never going
back to so using book restrooms but I
just didn't make it but we are about to
embark on a target shopping adventure
together
some mass appeal so bad
but I have a skirt that's a Quran and I
like my walk with she fast
I really want to jump reduce to me how
on this wall but it's I get the apples
to end so it's like how bad do I really
want to drop it to figure out that
answer after I pee I'm gonna like chills
and shivers and I'm bad you shouldn't
think that's going inside I just
realized not anymore
let's go into this chocolate in speak of
this this is not my favorite target but
these little paper so
still sometimes getting
but I can see that my sermon
my breasts are a breakfast for dinner
literally my favorite meal I make so
excited and a pedigree and sometimes hey
guys so I'm gonna over on the way to
Shane's house and I look like a hooker
cuz retrieve ideo together but I kind of
just like a hooker to be honest but
we're doing a really fun video I'm real
excited I got my superficial bitch shirt
on
and I have another one in here depending
on how many videos we do and I have some
new ones for him I gave him a
superficial bit shirt already but I got
some naked Trish shirts you know who
doesn't want to make a choice shirt and
then I got a bunch of like 50 shades of
grey sex dates I went into the sex store
by myself today on a Wednesday at 2:00
p.m. and I the girl there was an hour
you into this I into this it felt so
awkward this is like I'm like yeah it's
just for video like I don't you tell you
all my personal stuff that yeah a lot of
cute stuff there's a chocolate because
obviously we're trying I have to eat
right and then shades surrender yeah by
the way I didn't just like randomly put
this up a shame I should pick something
up wasn't like I'm like surprising him
with this like hey we're gonna do sex
games today but anyways I kind of like
Mia Wallace from pulp fiction - either
that are like a chola hooker a puppy $30
for a bj um but yeah so yeah we're on oh
the reason for the wig is cuz my hair it
looks so ratchet today and you kind of
told me that glass minute like I only
had a few hours to get ready so I when I
say you get ready that means like go out
and get the stuff and I had I got my
eyebrows waxed in the shower because I
just got back in the gym so yeah I just
thought because I was like
it's not happening today oh yeah
superficial bitch you could be shirt on
just nice expression but
