hey everyone so I just filmed a show for
TV I just got done I got a bet 3 a.m.
this morning to get my hair makeup done
call time was seven seven it is now
eight ten and I I have now been going
since 3 a.m. and it is a time and I have
not had a thing to eat and it's been of
course it all day and I am so tired
because there's a lot of waiting around
which this TV which is why don't love TV
is where I fell out of love like TV yeah
so it's so late it was a good experience
I got fun doing it like for sure it just
no it's weird it's weird how your how
your passions change I guess I don't
know look here's thing I love doing TV I
love doing it it's just I love doing
YouTube more like but it's difficult
because I don't YouTube every day so
it's kind of difficult to see this but
like I would rather be doing YouTube but
I guess I don't have to choose I guess
the thing I can still do more YouTube
it's not it's not guys gonna go do i you
should be today but the whole time I was
there and I sitting around and I got
like I don't know I just thinking like
oh I wish I could you to black I really
like doing it so I can't I'm not
complaining at all because I like to be
on TV and I still think it's fun the
little girl on me from the Midwest
always since it's exciting
I get to be asked to be on my TV show
which i think is only bum and I don't
have auditions looks like it would be
stupid of me not to take it and I'm very
grateful for those opportunities I don't
want to complicate being like like know
that I'm a no soup famous and only TV
just the Sun that our knowledge that I
enjoy doing YouTube and I'm really happy
on YouTube that it's just funny to have
your passions change work I think in in
the past that would have been like oh I
did a TV over YouTube it okay but I
think I don't think YouTube like if I
had to choose even though I don't have
to but if I had to choose between
YouTube or TV I mean I don't that would
take YouTube so huh then like my own
boss and it's start and it's awesome so
I guess it's why I like YouTube I don't
know I just I really love it usually put
my home and the first my first thought
because they couldn't vlog today because
it's like all like hush-hush right my
first sadness was that I couldn't vlog
and talk to you guys so when I got out
the first thing I wanted to do is what
about my vlogging camera talk to you
guys even though it's like getting to be
dark now I just really wanted to talk to
you guys that's kind of weird too
because like over the past weekend of
filming my music videos like you know
it's my crew it's my production it's my
I'm the boss I'm in charge I'm sorry and
I love having that power and I see that
word like very loosely because I don't
think it's like a power position by any
means sorry I did funky see I'm I'm just
a moment with my little tryst occur
behind yeah I don't know I just mean
vote because like the battery is saying
on it and then I had like a purple
battery
and that was hanging all the time so I
just was like I need somebody backups
they bring my regular charger too but
sometimes you don't happen like it
helped me I don't know it's very I can't
believe I go through that much battery
of phone but I'm like always on my phone
especially when I'm reading wrong so I'm
like we're frustrating things and
snapchat eats up my battery and yeah um
so I can't really talk about what I did
today which socks that one touches so
much but here's a lot of thing I was
missing doing YouTube so much I'm gonna
go home and film a YouTube video which
is so crazy for me to do at night
especially when I'm starving but I
thought this would be the perfect time
to do an eating show because I'm very
chatty Kathy I'm very talkative and I
want to talk with people who love me and
want to listen to me and so I thought
why not do like a mukbang like an eating
show video so I'm starving so it's the
perfect time to I'm gonna get lots of
food that I can never finish just to
seal all of it and yeah and just sit
down a my dining room table so we could
like literally have dinner together
which I'm really excited so that's gonna
go on my main channel cuz I really enjoy
doing with bond videos but like I don't
owe him a lot because when I'm alone I
try not to try not to like splurge
you know what I mean I feel like eating
shows I found are going to like it to
eat a bunch of food
I don't know I don't know maybe I'm just
like crazy already just feel like it so
I'm excited like noodles and rice and
chicken and beef and like all this
really yummy stuff and just like chow
down on it with you guys Michael humping
it so exciting I can't decide if I want
to do it in this outfit because I have
not worn this on my channel yet I don't
know I know it sounds so like Crissy
back once I wear an outfit not that I
don't want to wear it again but you
don't want to wear to get on camera are
we what are up there cuz I'm already
over it
I may keep my outfits obviously I'm just
like thrown away but I don't know I was
like that I don't know I wasn't like
that and I'm not like that normally but
with like my nice clothes that I think
are fun and fancy like I like dorm with
obviously I wear my snow pants and my
t-shirts on my ugly shirts and stuff
like old times with Tracy with zero
sense I know you don't have to tell me
but but yeah there's so much fun and all
the people who asked me the production
company that asked me to be a part of
the show today I was like really I love
you guys so much I'm like so excited
that was so nice and I don't know it's
like cool that I'm up that's like
I don't know I can't stop caring what it
sounds like if my son's conceited too
but like I'm at like this level where
like people can ask me to do shows down
I don't have to like go audition or
search for them and just kind of hack
get jobs that way which i think is so
fun and i do it obviously for the
experience I mean I get paid but it's
not like you know whatever I don't know
I'm like laughing but yeah this is a
super cute this is not the original
dress I wore but it's like really cute
it's so hard to see it it's like get it
out the way sigh um you brought some
other clothes but those do not I don't
know what it is
see I like to fly I mean I haven't loved
all day because I wasn't it wasn't
thinking I was gonna vlog today because
I knew I couldn't blog much or anything
there so it wasn't gonna vlog but Sam
you guys might think I called a little
it was calling on my family and like no
nose answer like yeah call my best
friend Jeff asked on all peeps no no see
I'm saying I was like I talked to my
mother
Bam Bam Bam um okay well I have nothing
else to say I mean really work talk to
guys never she has talked back to really
let's just listen to someone stay so
enjoy
I like listening to people's day is not
crazy I don't know it's crazy I enjoy it
I like the things people they almost but
I read and talk about mine almost hmm
but I love it so much and I'm jealous
and another one I think probably yeah
because they don't really do anything so
yeah we'll cop for my eating show you
know Express detail so it is shopping
day girls day we're here
Magister but I'm gonna get that her mom
says she's been loving burgers lately so
I'm taking their toys it's beats breast
night and then exciting day and I can't
let you play guys in on what we've been
today we're gonna go hang up pictures of
myself and house all right be there show
that together with every update first
they're still over there and then we
think scared anyway chose to be like
updates not be but happen and make shit
I'm fine oh yeah
and am I trying to eat so slow but
honestly it's never been this more to
service here like usually they bring it
out together you eat together like okay
it's usually really good here but
26 beechwood you guys know I love but
today it sucks that's like they brought
my food out he's been like come on
our wages okay update food is gone does
I brought it up as hey can I just keep
this one because now it's been like
literally 30 minutes since when I was
there but okay I can you just keep this
warm and he's like oh I think as we're
ordering separately don't like those are
the waitress never came she literally
haven't come back I know know what does
she do go up literally and to be telling
the bartender I think the manager was 16
right there and she didn't do anything
or say anything literally I was like why
would we call it to eat another
separately having no sense
oh my god so no excuses which it was
just coming out well that was two
minutes ago literally don't lie to me
so now we're starting again this reading
honestly I need Rancic speech Alan's for
the burger so I would take that this is
like terrible I have to vacate this
place now I was on first time
