yes so we are on set of Leonardo
DiCaprio today I'm going to show them
the Wardrobe my little blonde King this
is the Wars I mean all them like the
Wardrobe we got Django Unchained and we
can I say
well partially check out this is the
first attack like right this is letting
him go
letting jet and this is part of Django
right mm-hmm
that's did you make this under you find
this Oh Django that's amazing and
there's this oh yeah oh my god and
there's the same guys like I wanted to
be a maid it was either being Django or
one of the cute may sound like I'm gonna
be amazing
although the Django costume would have
been cool like the blue velvet did you
ever see the movie you know yeah his
blue velvet outfit he wears that one
joke oh yeah because I was gonna be
Django in it originally but I think that
would have been cool right yeah I think
but I was like I'll just be amazed cause
it's like a cute things I was like okay
so we're shooting in a sound stage and
then tomorrow's our big we have more
wardrobes them did you
thanks to Mike just just bought in the
oh I just put it away the chain mail
that he'll be wearing for your growing
to me oh you have it here it is so happy
really can you try it on he can yeah
it's like Annie is a heavy oh my gosh
okay I gotta see this what's mighty nice
so we are getting into our Django look
here by mr. Xavier
just Ginga April makeup and so yeah
we're getting him Jango I have a
bronchus I'm like splitting but just
look guys we're doing getting ready
Leo's around here somewhere he's really
nice he looked whoever I said I have
until I did tell him this I looked on
his Instagram and he looked so fucking
serious like he looked sick serious
model and sexy like I was like oh god
this guy's gonna be like what am I doing
here are you so fucking nice I love them
but I'll find them somewhere I'll show
you guys it's my camera yeah that's
right yeah
all right guys this is my leo getting
his makeup of Dada this is camera man
come right slip it with two tees why do
you cheat he's on your insta because the
one T was taken he was the one I thought
you looked so serious and look like so
supermodel but though he's gonna like
not want to be on the shoot but I'm like
the farthest thing so I need to
obviously change that up are you loving
it are you having fun oh my gosh I love
it this is amazing
I was taller I was like this is like so
creative yeah yeah part of some kind of
recreation like this thing thank you oh
you just like him right now I get so
crazy she is amazing so don't anybody
think you're like my first after that
I've had on the behind-the-scenes like
I'm usually continued by after is I make
but you're like so cool for me I'm gonna
bury the vomit Instagram cam underscore
right with you tease Brian
given YouTube channel right Brian what's
your YouTube my own productions he made
the door that I'm almost falling over on
how was it balancing I had two people
holding it but not just you and I don't
know how I'm balancing this Brian Nick
can you be on my blog there's Nick
what's your title Meg like reverse this
isn't camera no dolly grip oh yeah I was
way off of that and there's some
underwater Dolly fun here's Andy our
director over there this is Andy there's
a Leonardo do you love dying yeah I love
dying loading up where red gum studios
these are red bull here they were just
telling me that's like oh my god so cool
so yeah we're like making this look like
an ocean that's pretty cool there's
Brian he's having great so we're lucky
and I'm on this way yeah and we're
district yeah that's a big that's like
midnight then we're all out here
shooting touch me an egg so love it
so say Romeo and Juliet of Leonardo
DiCaprio I am turning into Juliet we
just did a plant a band look but I
didn't film that because I was very have
to shave or late I was in a bad mood but
I'm getting in a good mood now so angel
is doing my hair rocking my superficial
fit shirt and Ashton my makeup but she
had to go home so to Houston so yeah hey
Zeus was here but he took them back to
the airport and my mom was over there on
her phone on our phone so getting ready
you know DiCaprio day three we just did
the girl band shop for superficial bitch
things it well hopefully it's gonna be
not showing in the video with the right
lights all right guys it's getting ready
to do my big new to scene for the
Titanic shot got my rose hair were
artists on lunch which is not good as
I'm being naked I don't for lunch mom
starvin so
I don't get so watching Food Network
show them eat much get my rose on all
right guys
final shot of the night and final shot
of the whole shoot it is a red carpet
and I find my leo
