it's Sunday and I'm editing videos and
filming videos I take a little break to
eat my favorite meal ever yeah what
pants on the Thai film it's a beautiful
on top and trashy in the bottom but yeah
this is so good these are chicken
quesadillas and it's from a local place
mmm
they're so good I'm gonna add some rice
I'm the smoothie mmm so good you guys so
I'm watching some Lifetime movies just
taking a little break charging up my
battery it's always does this video yeah
pretty relaxing Sunday and then I'm
gonna go watch Big Brother night with
Shane oh hello he and right there
so yeah just kind of recovering today I
just kinda digging it chill taking a
relax but this is so long I had to share
with you guys oh so yummy mmm or makes
me so happy
mmm and it tastes so good so low mmm
it's not my hair roots done since I have
a video shoot coming up this weekend I
know I look crazy and I have a zit on my
lip which looks really disgusting
actually because looks like a giant her
pee and I was like okay I shouldn't make
up for it yeah that's the color got the
color done and I'm gonna go get my nails
done and just getting everything taken
care of it at once cuz I hate these
meetings days I'm a girl but still don't
like to get beautified just that hallway
because I wanted to flirt a little bit
with
I look really weird yeah straight yeah
that's with a juice cleanse - today took
me face look thinner
I'm just cleansing today too and
tomorrow 3 day juice cleanse nothing is
going on my face so that's good
early 4 days out I'm saying right didya
so I'm gonna show you a long time I
should've just gone back I'm taking my
chances just thinking that was always a
hassle
oh my book sometimes I get foreign
checks for my book sales so but ones
about to come in here it's always a
hassle they never know that these porn
checks Matias my guardian pounds week I
don't know does it look like I know if
they're in pounds ah that's in care of
them not my usual Banky that this is a
bougie one in Beverly Hills
alright now I can go get my nails done
by the way G all like many glasses
sweetie right vans or pink which is kind
of hard to tell because it's making
everything a little green but yeah I am
gonna be way early like an hour early
for my appointment so hoping that they
can get me in early and get done early
so I'm going to the famous Robertson to
get my nails done
there's an accident that just happened
right there it scared the crap out of me
on Robertson yes I see but I don't know
what happened but I was just watched pay
and it's someone like a loud like
gunshot but it was just hard I got try
to cut another con they got hit the
sideswipe so crazy but I wasn't scary
excitement commotion for this one today
but kept my nose done I got new two
meals today I'm keeping I'm pretty plain
for now until the videos are done since
we're doing two videos back to pack and
lots of different outfits and changes
and I just couldn't get like a wild a
crazy design because would be too
noticeable so I just got some nude we
got a head a Ledge a hard hat I got my
car's right there and I had it was towed
so hard Robertson's area is still hard
to park it's crazy and drive apparently
but people are eating yogurt
everything looks yummy mom just cleanse
I think I might need a hard-boiled egg
guys tonight I'm like getting really
lightheaded
but hey Dominic are your
guys like what I'm having for lunch
grilled chicken salad
you should be proud try and eat
healthier yummy yummy hey bye to Venice
today those of you don't know Venice is
about ah an hour an hour to edit my
grades I'm and also I'm heading back for
my chew and half our Township bike ride
I love the beach I do this my mom the
other day with a gym paladin in Santa
Monica Santa Monica and Malibu
so first beautiful homes
beautiful weather enjoying the summer
yeah
down the burn down the burn your
cheetahs out for my video shoot
that's a popsicle oh not you my legs are
they
you'll get some water but no workout
shakes mission Vegas I want to take care
of my own body so trying to kick up the
cardio she does kind of slack on that
anyways big brother tonight
Yolanda Shane's and yeah party partying
is a done on that bike ride let's go
into chicken cafe get some help be eats
healthy treats is bright and sunny and
this is my favorite like a healthy place
to go but plate it okay guys back at my
superficial bitch that guys on camera a
little like I just like waving to be on
camera that's so random anyways um so
yeah back I'm a superficial bitch sure I
described all hang out with Shane and I
we snapchatted official follow me on
snapchat I'm Trisha my tea
he's lol Shane Dawson so sometimes we
get together and we don't I don't blog
but we're always scrapping it seems so
he's like fun and cool just like
something you do I don't know I love him
so much he's just so funny yeah all my
shirts I got it I agree I brought over
the little like gets goodie bag of Trish
Devin he's like put them all over this
is so cute like modeling and modeling
advice wheelchairs like what suppose
you're doing and you'd like did it so
cute
gaze down while I move in a weird way I
was feeling weird about vlogging after
the fact happened because I always feel
like he watchin my a Trish's life vlogs
and I always feel like that's even
creepier to be like this is what
happened like right I don't know um but
no we watched Big Brother I loved
watching Big Brother movie sound when
it's over and I'm just chilling so much
fun it's not such a fun time I just ah
he's literally just like the best person
ever this person driving is not the best
person there's no one fucking Drive
now I literally have there is nobody to
have a better time with and Jane like
he's just funny and just I know it's
like it reminds me if I growing up with
my brother like you know what I mean
like we would just shun the couch after
school and eat and hang out what that's
how I feel and it's like such a
nostalgia feeling and I mean she's like
my brother basically he's just amazing
like that and everything so yeah some
pretty awesome you just
I like seeing him happy because I know
how it feels to like being so open when
you're so open you become vulnerable and
that's so scary and I think everything
he's done you know this week you guys
are seeing this way on delay but just
everything he's done like obviously
helps you know him be like open but also
just helping other people be open to
because I don't even know how to really
say it but being who you are being
yourself loving yourself being true to
yourself is the best feeling in the
world because you don't have to pretend
to be anything you're not I don't know I
think it's such a good message it's just
to be who you are and who you are
changes all the time and that's okay but
be true to who you are in this moment
something major is happening over here
by the beach though because there is so
much traffic there was so much traffic
when I got here I don't even know what's
happening Oh Leonardo you said you
thought he was getting sick that's the
thing oh my god am I getting text I'm
gonna go home and take some airborne cuz
I swear to goodness no I don't you want
to say this cuz it's gonna change it but
knock on wood um I'm always so scared
I'm gonna get sick before like I have a
big thing I got to do because being sick
is the worst being sick is the actual
worst because like you just don't feel
like yourself it's just awful and when
you schedule things and plan things a
lot of times you can't like obviously
change all because you've got locations
and you got crew and stuff so I'll give
you're sick you have to like perform so
my biggest fear is like you know getting
ready do a video my music video and like
not being able to perform what's happen
my hair is just not having it but yeah
whoo I his big brother out there shout
out if you watch Big Brother I'm looking
a long ways from home
I never realized before she always used
to come over to my house and I'm like oh
I just come over but it's kind of a
jaunt jaunt and I love it I mean I don't
mind but also let's talk that much
who owns Big Brother who's your favorite
I love John the dentist John there was
literally screams like someone was
trying to kill somebody
speaking of scream oh there's a party
this is terrifying there's like two
girls running away from something
whole bunch of big ones and a whole
bunch of little ones nice one bugs or
something they were screaming about help
speaking of scream who watch The Scream
on MTV I my TV right I just turned on my
TV like in late in the morning or lunch
or whatever when I was eating lunch was
just turn on the TV and I was like the
last thing that I was like watching or
whatever or the last channel that was on
and um it was in the screen was on and I
was just like watching it kind of a cat
hardly I was like going on like cooking
kind of and like came here that and
watching it the same time so I was kind
of coming back and forth but I got like
really into it um tonight she is using
it the first ones okay and then it got
like really boring and um so I think I'm
on like episode like three or four I
think I'm like kind of in the middle of
it right now because they recap it and I
feel like I haven't seen a lot of the
episodes so I really like it I don't
really get it quite yet but I like the
feel of this show one x feeling and um
be honest have a lot to do with it and I
like the feel of it so far but this is
probably the worst lighting ever I'm so
sorry I'm just driving home it's not too
late it's about 10:30 I don't have like
a lot to do tomorrow but I have a watch
to do tomorrow that makes it's like
minor things like spray tan and I want
to walk you know work out a little and I
had to get my car wash we're using my
car on the video and I have to like pack
my set bag you know luckily have another
I have a stylist again for this shoot
but I have Pat my shoes and my
undergarments and all that stuff which
sounds easy but like I'm just a really
bad packer I feel like I need everything
and it's like trying to only pack what I
need is just really really difficult but
anyways I am blabbing and this traffic
is crazy it's crazy it's Thursday at
10:30 like I'm going I should be going
look away from where most people live
like I let more out and like the boonies
than most people so I don't know why I
was going this direction makes no sense
to
me but yeah I was a really good day
really good night I feel unproductive
I'm excited for the video shoot I'm so
sad that Shane is still bedridden I just
ah my heart goes out I just I can't I
couldn't imagine I just I couldn't but
he seems to be doing well which is good
and as you guys know you probably follow
him so you know - Oh beautiful shoes if
you guys what superficial bitch emerge
you can get them at repeaters that's my
shirt calm this is a men's one that I'm
wearing cuz the only comes in men's
sizes but I got a small so if you're
smaller than me it would be a little bit
but whatever um but yep we have girls
shirts there too and I got a bunch of my
girl shirts at home that I'm gonna start
wearing more because I really really
like them I kind of like just like the
slogan the saying I always like to
saying superficial bitch I just think
it's like I don't know just spoke to me
there certain sayings gonna speak to me
local hookers another one where I always
call myself like a local hooker and a
superficial bitch so I just kind of like
having that on a shirt because it's
something that like
teen Trish would have like gone like
crazy over cuz I almost to put this ship
I love these shirts um they're really
comfy too like if you just want to wear
like I honestly wish I would have got a
bigger size so it would have been more
like loose fitted but yeah I just
brought the bay or just like make Shane
like smile I didn't really I just
snapped with it but it does askew so
nice you just always sew down um but
yeah I just um he's just amazing
and yeah I know some I know I honestly
don't know what I would do without him
that's not so creepy but whatever
I don't even care anymore like I don't
even care anymore like something like
Europe that's with him I love him I just
think he's like the best person ever and
I just I don't know I don't know what I
do that I'm like literally be so bored
in my life like literally be so bored
because I can't stop yawning oh wait
Amin
oh my god I love a guy who's definitely
right on it I mean I just saw a poster
but that's I know are you gonna do watch
CSI in New Orleans I mean notes reruns
right now but I'm like obsessed with it
oh my gosh this has changed whoa trippy
I looked over and you guys are like over
there we are at Eli's remember my
boyfriend's ghost blonde I think was
where I said I think my ex-boyfriends
like in McCarthy I'm not kidding I still
feel him so much I don't know if it's
like cuz I was talking about him and I'm
like feeling him all over the place but
I feel it I feel like him you know what
I mean I don't know if I makes no sense
anyone but to ever sense someone's with
you even if they're not I'm not just
talk about people who have passed but
people sometimes even perfect no I don't
get it with people that are living and I
never got it with people and advancing
there I don't know I guess in living too
sometimes sometimes you can just feel
like I just have a sensor like date they
called a toad with some times where it's
like I sense like my mom's here or my
mom would say something like that or
around has something to do with
something that's happening even if she's
not here yeah
that's cool that's hey I don't want to
use the word creepy because it's like
that's it's trippy it's trippy to me
because I never believed in ghosts or
anything like that I I kind of still
don't but I believe I do believe in like
spirits and like senses and I don't know
I just sense I don't know maybe I'm just
imagining everything who knows but this
traffic ain't no joke I'm so tired but
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog like I said tomorrow's gonna be
like a busy day but like not so busy of
like stuff I gotta do and like that's
worth showing
oh we're not too far I'm pretty close
now alright guys well I'm gonna go but I
love you guys so much and then going so
much for being on this journey like I
said make sure you follow me on snapchat
because I my favorite like snapchat like
takes place in my vlogging I love
vlogging and I'll continue to do it but
I know some things you just this is how
I do it right I snapchat things I don't
think would be vlog worthy let's just
put it that way I don't know I don't
know me that's not the right way to
explainer but sometimes I was like oh I
really have nothing to say but I want to
show something I snap it so I don't know
I feel like maybe you guys should just
follow me on snapchat but um yeah
anyways oh my oh there's a scream
billboard I was talking about you
anyways I love you guys so so much thank
you so much for watching this channel
it's you to accomplish which is life if
you guys don't know I have a Ming
channel which is youtube.com slash fun
son milk for MJ which is so impeccably
stupid and I don't know why I picked
that name so I was I always liked it
below my main channel um but yeah I'm
hitting so many green lights it's gonna
take a minute to hit a red light and
talk to you guys but green light smooth
sailing home and I'm okay with that so
I'll to say goodbye here love you guys
so much thank you for watching as always
I want to say hi to regret having done
this while on this channel and all this
time here my kisses
it's better fishies mmm bye guys
press car wash one day out from shooting
and my car is being used tomorrow but I
have sensors on here that is like if I'm
about to hit something it goes off the
entire ride and it scares me so much all
the sensors like sensory overload
car washes are actually terrifying for
me that's why when I go to a mall or
movie and I have a car wash option I
always get it there cookies are
terrifying I literally feel like I could
die in this thing look at that like
claustrophobic all the way around
all right sensors are like oh my got so
many shoes today oh my gosh so many
shoes were sent to me for this video is
so nice I'm gonna get them a proper
shout out when I get home so and give
you the brand names and where to get
them but whoa okay so yeah I'm just
chilling her and some of them you finish
songs for my next album under the covers
and it is a full album it is not a TV
it's like a song maybe 10 12 even we
recorded like 20 but I think
I'm terrified I found my bag yesterday I
got it earlier now but I got to be
really really good Shane out with a
suite ourselves and my body so yeah
final day before shooting look that it's
so much to do though run around I guess
spray T on got a walk
I've got a pack my little set bag of all
the things I need them the interesting
day tomorrow
so superficial bitch day one starts
tomorrow and preparation starts today
