hey guys fourth of July is this
beginning yeah I haven't walked lately
my life oh you were he was so like I
don't know what to say cuz like you want
me on my blog saying I want to follow my
favorite song literally my life as Ava
we're here fourth of July and Shane can
I get you on your scooter no oh hey
what's wrong land rack we have you been
a woman I think have you showed this yet
I don't want to spoil it I want you to
be the first man of the office my office
someone said that they're like why is
Shana 4:00 a.m. in one of your videos
you were getting ready and showering
here honestly it works so late you were
like 25
I just can't fucking work any time to us
on your channel like it's highly Thank
You Liz ah no yes
I broke my leg oh my ankle oh I broke my
ankle and I fractured my leg and now
there's metal plates have you showed it
I mean this one's got for like a month
so have you shot it yet sure what your
leg your ankle there it is maybe shown
in a cast on your channel do people know
on your channel and you know they know
everything it's dropping on the day I'm
also dropping my extra skin video are
you it's a medical week here on Shay
doesn't know are you do medical meekly
sharply what's your medical week you Oh
still not circumcised ooh we should get
that half as a video that would be big
that'd be huge look it's happening guys
today's the day I'm finally getting
circumcised you should on the way to the
nurse's office
oh wait we're having a competition
whoever loses this game um has to we we
take their snapchat do whatever we want
but we should add something to it
whoever loses also has to take four
stool softeners oh my god we should do
that but with your painkillers remember
win if I wink and I have ten of your
painkiller is this do you want me to ask
you question yeah my nephew and Coen
Brothers movie does Steve Buscemi
end up in a woodchip Fargo Fargo Fargo
I'm so excited I knew it I'd like know
it these are so easy as those are the
questions wait do i oh I guess I don't
get it
oh yeah now name one of the two stars
for Midnight Cowboy doesn't happen
john-boy you got it I'm really good at
this game I'm gonna be bad at this game
oh it's hard but you're like the movie
person no no I love movies but I'm not
good at trivia we like what we like good
I liked wrong you like every I liked the
beard
I liked the beard yours are matching I
love that you guys like can't shave
anymore it's too hard I'm scared to
shave nope as I'm afraid I'll cut myself
there's too much hair honestly I'm not
just saying this because I want to fuck
you painkillers title looks really good
your facial here really I like it too
but this isn't supposed to be there is
it I want to get rid of all like the
scraggly stuff on the side I think that
looks fine really I feel like that's
like weird like no muskrat or like
woodsman or werewolf I like was in there
chilling a woodsman coming bacon um
I can't guys one more question um do you
want a hardware an easy one hard a
Korean War field hospital was brought to
life and laughs and what movie what I
don't know that hard what is it a Korean
War field hospital is brought to life
and laughs in what movie patch Adams the
medical weak though way I feel like I
would know that you do see it against
the own time it's just saying that
there's a hospital in this movie and
clean the war and it's like all about
the hospital oh I see where you said
pageant Pearl Harbor no I don't know
either
good morning Vietnam mash mash what I
hate it thank you where's my you're
gonna make your own Jerry huh okay okay
in this film that's not a soul like
professional Jason Horton Sally plays a
teenager yes he was teenager we sought
to see smiling when he supposed to a
teenager in that movie I call so I
thought usually I guess yeah if he's on
the statue
or on one chatroulette I mean living 400
lies chicken oh my god need commentary
it costs $2 on iTunes
are you watching smiley really mm-hmm
nothing you can do that I think Michaels
cowgirl be pissed at you he won't
by the way guys want to say for all like
the Guru gossipers out there who say
like there's not real friends I just
wanna say this who me and you are me
Andrew Ross and Jose Oh
because the night that I broke my leg I
was in the ambulance the whole night
they were with me at the hospital
everything and I even said to attrition
the card said how come you never want
any of this this is some good shit she
said because you broke her leg this is
so personal I wouldn't do that I
couldn't think that big camera and being
somebody I thought that's a real friend
although I mean you miss some good shit
yeah I mean the whole time I was
thinking like if it was my mom I would
totally be vlogging you know and I felt
like that's like the best literally the
douchiest like you could be like if a
youtuber takes out a vlog while
someone's like in pain late annoyed if
she did that wouldn't you
I would be annoyed than you humming that
on the skating rink if you were like
okay oh oh
like Shane's on the floor I know I was
editing my vlog today I was thinking
like maybe I should just lay all this
footage because we really I was filming
it like right up to the point where you
thought I was like this might be
reliving like bad memories for you know
and just like have it fade to black and
say later that I looked like Leonardo
Leonardo
Jim which I'll do a song together I feel
like we need a dealing Adria yes my name
is drew what I'm here to say
will be like the shadows oh can we I
mean we could not it didn't pens day we
can do whatever we want that's what
we're free goarmy.com when talk about
any one fucking out when I like this
film this for a minute for the blog Nick
you're gonna talk about again
okay so we got good look at you guys
introducing my blog we were just talking
about you Courtney yeah hi this is so
exciting
poop when I leave talked about a shit
and poop like even here what 20 minutes
and shit poop and fucking but we've been
talking about like fucking shit and food
is so fascinating she's nowhere but I've
never fucked but I do poop I'm out the
grave Audrey there's I said what is this
thing you've never seen it know what the
flower body camera can look at yourself
in it see how beautiful you look Mason
oh fuck I know you do look like so tiny
in it that's why I like it so skinny
anybody hiring oh you're so skinny
okay I mean Tobit your butt out here
what do is down I'll go down angle of it
and then you look huge yeah the first
thing you said to me as soon as I Sonic
the Timeship I smell okay I love it
though yeah so we're also on your fourth
time together and she's sniffing herself
I'm not poop and we talked about fucking
so I kind of blog this dinner and we can
talk about fucking but this is our
dinner
thanks to Shane who loves ordering food
most potent aids there it is in a pizza
and our baby yeah
