made some bacon now making some eggs get
in that protein my gosh is like my
favorite thing to do actually I used to
love cooking breakfast to myself and now
I'm doing it yeah so much better than
not eating and starving and being out
and being like let me just go McDonald's
so I love scrambled eggs I put three egg
whites and egg yolk then I have four
pieces of bacon and then just lightly
pepper um final breakfast
oh hello kitty toes and grapefruit juice
I mean oh good morning everybody
pronounced Teddy right Jim today um
gasps I'm I did not plug him go to the
dream mystery which is so crazy I always
thought when I go to gym but I didn't
block when to the gym yesterday um but
um I went last night about eight o'clock
and it is now 8 o'clock in the morning 9
o'clock in the morning ten o'clock in
morning just kidding I said 92 so I was
like thrown off because I first got
eight and supposed to never to said that
nines it's luck sorry 10 o'clock the
morning so yeah basically in two hours
I'm back at the gym
so yeah I have to come back I am going
so much this weekend because um next
week we do my music videos and it's
gonna be crazy because the week the
couple days leading up to music videos I
have to get my nails done have to get my
roots done I have to get my eyebrows
done my lip down my spray tan like I
have to get some accessories around you
know I have a wardrobe stylist now for
my videos but I have to get like my own
shoes around because like you know I
know what I'm comfortable in and stuff
so it's a lot to do before so I'm trying
to get like working out in and stuff now
and then hopefully I can just do some
cardio on my own both leading up to it
and like eating better although today
I'm having a fiesta with my bf ABS
hey-zeus and Angel and Angel sister
although he doesn't know it's surprise
that she's coming in
so obviously by the time this comes out
he will know because he will be in this
vlog if you can decide to work out my
hat belongs to dadsy I love it I'm so
excited um yeah so that's what we're
doing today
whoo but yeah we're having a fiesta at
like lunchtime at my house and then um
then I'm gonna like bike and stuff after
and I'm just like not gonna really eat
anything else for us to the day after
that because it's probably a lot of food
and I'm glad it's in the middle of the
day and not at night because I don't
really like to eat after like six
o'clock almost it's like the weekend I
get the weekends I'm like okay I got to
dinner and stuffs like a good car for
whatever but yeah so here we go
it's uh so hey so wit cream of mushroom
ah
Rotel sauce yeah I'm Jimmy Dean sausage
oh yeah and rice and what is this potato
salad yeah angel why he sees an angel ah
we gotta do a take two because that a
dildo back there and I could tell this
exciting authentic oh love it I love it
I real Mexican the fourth of July you're
eating Mexican food to make some notes
no I love Mexican food is so much it's
like the best way to spend it so I'm
usually a Mexican Mexican food I know
they all gave me so much a on your
Instagram to like treasure does I'm
gonna sell that is like whoa I am usable
even I know that we talked about that to
us just like oh my god it makes me feel
bad because it's like usually I don't
care but like people in my real life I
don't want them to think that I'm is
yeah they're cleaning lady learn start
dropping things huh
that's racist cuz it's Mexican that's
like it's like oh yeah we like half the
people in my life were Mexican oh hey
Brett people I mean I could be part
Mexican
like I said hey right like the white
ballina yeah no tomatoes so that is
definitely the reason what you have a
because you know do and if not Selena
Gomez either bitches it's really not
Selena the real action no damage you
know some of the words racist ideas like
say like oh I'm not racist I have a
Mexican friend full-blooded Mexican and
I know she's not read I said you don't
speak Spanish
I don't but hey Z says I do take my son
o ever know that okay so did Authority
do you know he said II don't know sounds
like a famous Mexican dish I know right
yeah yeah I did I'm just heating up the
tortillas okay though look at this
outfit OTD literally the bed reduce your
video on this unholy Jesus lean-to OTD
no we have to get working right now no
no no we're just film where we film
don't filming right now we're still
filming for season two season yeah
you're on orange is the new black they
come all at once yeah whatever it
presses you're doing that's what we're
doing we're going for season two now
for a month then you come back with a
bang it's worth it though you remember
at that
