okay so repeats card he has this before
side of the car I know where I'm going
McLaren I want if the car goes fast I go
fast I love that did you make it up it's
that Buddhist guy thing something not
think of something knowledge I think
that's his name it was a crazy Buddhist
guy I like that I thought you came up
with it and we were listening to Jesus
tracks in the car it was just someone
talking about God and two plus two
equals five and I was so confused
Joel Goldsmith so excited so happens if
you date Pete Mills everyone you get to
be in the car with him and then read it
listen to it like oh god I was just
thinking about that oh my god I could
never date you if that's what we have to
do our timer in the car it's important
to get keep aligned I mean I like it I
like the new spiritual you mm-hmm know
that you were never not spiritual before
Pete Mills music one he'd even know you
guys like subscriber left comments so a
guy's got a really go subscribing the
Connie's like I don't know I don't know
how to do it like so they can't figure
it out yeah I'm gonna figure it out I'm
motivated so we just finish it now we're
going to get chills
that's nothing got my gym cool zones
that means I'm going pump some iron
yeah having out of the gym in a week huh
slacking but I'm getting back on it
because my video shoot is less than 10
days away and I just realized that like
today like I had 10 days so my video
shoots so I'm trying to shoot the gym
everyday before then cuz I just want to
look as good as I possibly can I'm not
expecting miracles
I just wanna look good man I just ate
Roscoe's chicken and waffles which is
like the worst thing and I was like
thinking about I was like oh my god I
make sure my video on like two weeks
like or no like less than two weeks so I
kind of like I was like okay cherish
like you gotta eat clean I'm I'm gonna
say yes so this Friday with angel I'm a
BFS and a azuz I have a BFF smash his
way from and we're having like a little
like Mexican fiesta thing which is fine
because it's you know a celebration and
you know I was like so I'm just trying
to change you really good until then but
yeah Ricky Dillon texted me and was like
hey I heard your song like your best
yeah um cuz we share the same a music
video doctor and I guess he played it
for him and he's just like it's so good
it just it was really nice to hear like
Ricky's just like such a nice nice guy
if I had a pig Miss Congeniality on
YouTube I Love You mr. in this case it
was definitely work you know and he
really doesn't have a bad thing to say
about anyone even if it's like joking as
if he doesn't talk bad about anyone I'm
like not even making jokingly it's like
crazy like so nice yeah I'm just like ah
it makes me want to just be so nice
almost I just makes me want to send
these like random like text and he won't
be like I love you you're doing great
your videos are awesome like I don't
know
I really didn't do that today - I just
like randomly texting people I love
their videos because they do and I don't
say it enough and it feels really good
to hear
so thank you Ricky really made my day I
text him back I said you made my day but
yeah sometimes I feel like people to say
that to be like I was okay but like he
actually made my day so yeah I
definitely think I just need to be more
dedicated the gym one dedicated more to
my cardio because I did this last time I
start working out like I would not do
cardio and that makes no sense so I'm
kind of like trying to balance it with
like bike rides and and walking and like
this whole like like evening it out um
so I don't know we'll see I am but an
awesome I diet I have been eating like
not great past couple days I was really
really a couple days and I go off a
couple days it's just fun it's inside
just struggle and I feel like nobody
understands the struggle almost like
you're you struggle with it - like I
feel like it's so easy people say well
don't eat shitty food like it's so easy
to say and like I understand the concept
it is a mental thing like I know people
think I'm like crazy when I say like you
know eating is like an addiction but it
is it's like this mental thing that's
like hard it's really hard to break so I
don't know I want to talk with other
addicts about this I guess like if
you're alcoholic or whoever was like an
addict at one point they understand like
no I get it
but it's even harder they say because
it's like you need food to live so it's
like you know if you're an alcoholic can
go and quit cold turkey or go to rehab
and quit and never have another drink
again in your life as opposed to food
addiction I mean you have to eat you
can't not ever have another piece of
food in your life again so it's just one
of those things I guess whoa it's like
super crowded I've been doing it work
outs lately if you guys don't know it's
an eight o'clock I bet you might work
out late and so like so bright out right
it doesn't look like eight um but like
everyone must come after work because I
swear the gym so crowded at this time
which I actually don't love i shouldn't
actually come Bart come in the mornings
I was up mornings were crowded but if I
came at 9:00
too bad wasn't he like how many feel
like I have to get up it gives me
anxiety and then I can't sleep at all
then I think I'm gonna oversleep I'm
just not really like I said I'm a
morning person but only like I naturally
wake up in the morning like if I'm being
forced to open up a clock or something
that or an alarm then I'm going over it
Wow every spot is full yeah I don't even
know what this shirt is I'm looking at
it in the reflection of my little camera
thing and they just realize like a huge
side boob is spilling out which is like
super awkward cuz I'm here and I'm
supposed to start now and awkward but
that's okay oh my gosh and I got my
weightlifting gloves yay thanks mama
and I got me these two guys are gonna
get like rough hands like houses on my
hands like oh no how am I supposed to
get a hand job Jake it's not round as
the king but I did trying to think that
you're finally this is not gonna feel
good on a dick you know I'm saying um
something wrong about me looking up
there in hard that's why I wasn't gonna
use smooth hands for her hand job I
would for that guy he's hot ooh whoa I'm
an angel again right as fuck shit all
right this guy is actually being
ridiculous though okay
weird so I had me dinner
and that's kind of having Oh actually
not looking forward to working out
because I eat so much
I didn't eat so much it was more of just
what I eat was heavy I'm not like over
at least stuffed or anything I just had
a heavy meal but why do people draw
across crosswalks
no they just chug their merry way
oh my gosh way to the top no no I hate
fucking at the top it's creepy up there
oh wow this is so crowded don't people
like know that I'm coming mom this
parking sitch is no joke right now on
campus mmm I get a sick feeling when I
record with this gym I was still gonna
after but like just the thought of like
having to go work out right now I'm
gonna do it yeah I'm going to do it I
feel are following me because we passed
like literally like 30 spots okay they
turned find a parking spot
I think yous are on this journey asking
like stop it but I think you're on the
journey with me of finding a parking
spot late regroup regroup
Trish bad thing work off those bad
things
I just gave us all that talk look at
this what the heck is this why is this
so I mean this is gonna be some serious
side boob action today at the the gym hi
boo hanging out no big deal no big deal
NBD Oh
I feel about Jake and I had this beauty
right there Hollywood it was so close to
second Hollywood in just cancelling this
but I'm back there and do it I'll feel
better once I do it I think I think all
right I should probably go in there
