Oh
we are going to the dearly departed
tours it is Drew's birthday which I'm
super excited about we're going on a
tour of LA to see where all the famous
murders happened in LA and I wanted to
do this for so long and the only people
I could think of that would want to do
this me Irish eight and drew and it just
so happened to be Jews birthday today
and I was like we can do something
totally different and he's like no I'm
excited about it so I'm really excited
too because this is something I wanted
to do for a while
and I love Jesus we need to celebrate
his birthday today so I'm super duper
excited I am in the uber now since they
both are close to Hollywood and so we'll
see how it goes I don't know what I'm
feel like this makeup Shane my skin's
freaking out so bad over here
in the uber doing some emails okay so
get used to be bring everywhere
I like jiving but I was like it'll break
because then you can like do some on
your
so not be distracted some
youngest person to start Broadway show
she met and married a man named Robert
key they were married for two years but
they got a divorce and I'm so glad we do
existing very motion sickness in that
van he's slamming on the brakes and
that's a good tour but honestly I don't
think I've ever been to a cemetery
before it so I don't even feel like
allowed to film but we have famous
people somewhere I want to find them so
I'm not getting excited I'm kind of like
turn on a little I know it's a weird but
like that kind of makes me like I don't
know excited because it's like peaceful
you know so we're gonna go find it's hot
now we're gonna go find some the boys
went to the bathroom and yeah I don't
know where anyone is by myself in a
cemetery
I told you Rosie I don't even for Joe
cemeteries that you've sucked in a
cemetery sex in a cemetery
maybe I haven't yet really keel over
here I am gonna choose Don with a
picture on it so people can see how
beautiful all right so the boys came
back from the bathroom
the Bulls a bag sale
that was beautiful I'm wait can we talk
about the the your idea for drew yeah
what girls it's a bad sound bad like
she's all that like thank you okay so
then at the end of it I can say at first
it was a bad huh that spoke that at
first it was bad am i bad my fucking bad
yeah no baby no it was a bit
first and I want money I needed money
but right now and I love you so there's
a girl on the tour that we're doing
today who is very scantily clad and I
said to jury so go scantily clad and it
was and it's not me right that's the
thing yeah like no clothes right and I
said Julie you should say to her you
should say hey help girl no wonder you
on the death to her because you're
killing it right now and I said I'll
give you $100 if you do that and you
said I said can I do with my own voice
and then I said I don't know give it a
try and then this I'm okay do it ready
go Maui damn girl no wonder that you're
on the desk for is I'm gonna get on a
stage that made me want action oh my god
I would be so sad in sorrow oh my god
which one is you that's your headstone
with the bench so I can sit on it cuz
I'm lazy
well yeah thank you oh yeah how do we
have he's coming back in ten okay so do
you want to go ask her you want to do it
now I don't know what the question we
feel like you should do it alone and we
should film from far away because I
don't want her to feel like it's an
ambush yeah yeah they stood on the bus
because I'm aren't right oh that's so
awkward though right is what if she's
like no and then we've just been the
rest like at least did we do it now then
we get on the bus to get to the Pro Shop
yeah oh I see it you're saying she could
over out are we can do brow time it's
not harassment no it's sweet is it bad
that I thought about uber a out I was
gonna be stopped and got off the bus I
was like wait we should super because I
forgot about it a little bit cuz I had a
little say I'm sorry eyes you didn't I
was getting a little nauseous from his
driving the greatest drivers he has the
greatest Twitter he did we find out his
Twitter he had all of them guys forgot
his name dad check it out wait where's
you go sure what'd she say she oh she's
like laying on the tombstone I feel bad
what we okay keep kale if you actually
like her in it or interested there's
nothing to get it
yeah you actually thought she I think
she's kind of cheaters no I think it's
cute I would I would die as one said
that to me I'd crack up I think be so
funny and cute just do it get it I need
to see that what is that oh it's like a
little camera makes it canon i love oh
my god this was again oh I think I found
my new birthday present do you love it
did you use you yeah do you have to make
one of YouTube's what you do what your
fishing channel Donnelly would do NME ll
YW o be Donnelly would ya darling we'll
check him out we do you cheer that's
what idea so that's as YouTube and well
we're talking yeah yeah I didn't have a
YouTube where it is vlog my life so just
taping Tricia on YouTube yes you buy me
is all right would you know your I got a
joint feasible now Facebook used to book
as the home doors and football moves old
over we couldn't ready to go dress it up
super when I sat out on a daily depart
towards us like these are preachers
revolt another pioneer I believe
- it is over and I was really long and
I'm really tired the guy was so nice but
I
Karthik what you were nice it was
interesting I just wish you had to go
off more and like actually look at the
sights but overall that's pretty good
happy birthday Joe you're welcome we're
waiting for Wendy's now
dang Oh Oh what if he died today on your
Monday have you got that there's our
fancy so fancy GG video oh yeah oh wow
the grease came okay so we're
celebrating juice birthday with the
birthday lunch at Wendy at Wendy's guys
do you love it change us Atwater
which one you want winner he's like cool
I got water has we're at Wendy's Oh
Wendy's were so good I asked my student
ate them all what do you have
I always miss you eating whatever I
whenever you're done I'm like I want to
see Trish eat and then and then it's all
gone we don't really want to eat all the
time I'm just gonna picture you eating
why this ain't I never watch it watch
them limping you don't watch my videos
just dad watch there's some more okay
I'm now going to take this heaven he is
right a ruler
you're good at it we have to get a
locker icing
like a shiner I want to shine them with
him
okay it is the end of the night I'm
taking out some of my hair it is solely
it is let me show you the time around
3:30 3:00 in the morning
yes I left at 10:30 this morning to get
to our dearly departed tour yeah and it
has been a long night so last year I saw
as four snapshots of us rollerskating
for Drew's birthday and yep Shane broke
his ankle obviously I wasn't blogging
and because it was so serious and he was
in so much pain it like broke my heart
actually how sad he was and how like
much painting with him it made me I just
like I just couldn't even imagine so
yeah I totally felt why didn't feel his
pain but I was just like okay I just
felt so bad I didn't want to vlog it but
then I got the uber waiting for his
prescriptions he's like you should be
vlogging this is like I am NOT allowed
to about my vlogging here present
blogging it
oh yeah blog you for your bit your video
he's like no so video on it later like
no honestly him in the over he was in so
much pain I was like honestly like I'm
like I don't know I just felt I just
felt so bad but you know he was trying
to give a good spirit that's trying to
keep him good spirits drew his mom and
his brother and I wouldn't have even
talked about this if he didn't tweet
about it or you know that kind of stuff
but um you know it was it was quite an
eventful night but like I said I wasn't
about to be even though it was drama I
wasn't happy blogging about for my
channel because sometimes real life
kicks in and you got to just be there
and not have the camera there but yeah
it was really sad actually so anyways
I'm just taking out my hair or she's
gonna take me quite some time I'm so
tired I'm not gonna take it all I just
wanna take this like little braid piece
out right here put in there for today
good but yeah it was eventful Tuesday
Leeson at the end of the day I mean
Shane has a broken ankle for the next
six to eight weeks it has to be in a
cast but we all got to really bond I
really enjoyed spending time with his
mom and again and then
brother who I just briefly hung out with
um last year as we gave this year stout
I was good to hang out him again and
it's just really nice to see his family
common like support I don't know just
smile I don't know I just thought his
quote meant a lot and his mom it's just
sweetest thing ever so I step and we end
up bonding and instagramming and it was
it was fun so yeah but anyways I'm just
like chitchat away here brain is like no
joke with it but yeah one fish she kept
my makeup but I thought I just fill you
guys in on what happened just so crazy
literally wanna stay in shape Ashley so
tired and when a chain snaps he said
something like we're rollerskating and
something like wouldn't be funny and I
felt right now I'm like literally like a
half hour later he thought it was just
it's just awful that Glendale is not
they don't not have nice people there at
Glendale Glendale has it the rudest
people at the hospital at the skating
rink like people were just so like not
helpful like nasty and yeah I was just
insane but so many bobby pins though
alright guys I will see you guys soon
you guys don't need to see me doing any
of this braid it's going to take a
little bit of work to get out on my hair
so there's that but I love you guys so
much and then guys for watching Shane
feel better by the time you see this you
might be halfway through recovery which
is awesome but I love you guys so much
thanks for watching as always let me say
hi to Rick Moranis and until next time
here are my kissies my little baby
issues nah bye guys
