ya better
yeah I'm posting how do you okay so what
I do from here make it good like this
next okay then you can filter it however
you want oh good okay so now what do I
do with all games i thought i was just
half a no my gosh it's different with
video video yeah different filters ahead
of her life but tell me okay then what
do you want you into thumbnail yeah it's
a desert filter oh okay so you can do
anything let's get you a nice from now
on oh that's funny arrived oh oh I like
the one of you smiling you see my
dislocated jaw I've asking it that's
good yeah that one's look out of the
camera ok so then hit so don't if I hit
that red removes you all right yeah that
so then next ok so a Trisha Paytas his
dropping it like it's hot I'm gonna drop
my pants really quick Donnie right
outside second wiggle how you spell
Dhoni Osmond do n NY o FM 0 ND 0 ND
having is high no no what are you
kidding me ok he's just my favorite
person of all time no
all of this Parker perfect this that's
so cool now how do I tag you in it or
just not necessary if I bodies on the
act I don't think you can take a video
normally you do this at it and it
usually lets you type I don't think you
can take a video oh yeah you can only do
it with a picture what's wrong yeah let
me go to like yours I'm fucking stove no
no ok so that's the thumbnail is
important because this thumbnail look
the worse I got double chin ok go zombie
yeah it's pretty awful oh that's a good
thumbnail no oh you got a lot of likes I
ready no no no no oh shit kill we forgot
to get you in there Oh is he pissing
yeah no I didn't she cut tag no I guess
is to it I so fucking ride is like the
comedy show ok ok got a lot of likes 15
legs and 6 comments love it ok cool yeah
ok now you get your video go ok let's go
in here we go no no no you know what my
favorite doubt dolly is ain't got no
kyndra no ain't got no gingerbread ain't
got no candy it's got a little bit for
me a little and the London Bridge is
falling down my dad is drunk again in
town why I never heard that father God I
get dolly dolly it's like weird like
dolly impersonations and you got no
change bread ain't you got no candy
ain't got a little bit for me little
Andy I kind of Alan up sorry freaky
right I usually cord one like that
that's
kinda creepy fault these are going like
yeah like tiptoe through the tulips an
insidious is so fucking that's a
Christmas song is it and they up dying
in the song no wonder it is creepy I'm
very a couple Kim sounded kind of like a
nursery rhyme create what is it is right
yeah just make it work without you this
is like one of those two minutes long
game hmm I'm ready oh he pulled like a
thief in the night who can't get enough
I am willing to fight cuz I'm a soldier
of love like a shot in the dark when the
going gets rough hits the state of her
when you're a soldier up that actually
looks insane right now um guys you
should be really proud of me and I'm
really proud of me it is quarter to
seven I am at the gym my training
session doesn't start till eight and
yeah I don't know I kind of was like all
right some brownie brittle today and I
was like kind of like oh why'd I do that
so I'm making myself into the gym early
to workout before my training session
and I haven't been eating after four
o'clock so it's been good because I get
up early I got a bit like four so
something crazy so it's kind of nice
that I've trained myself to not eat late
at night which I was doing I was getting
a really bad habit of it but now that
I'm working out and I made a training
appointment for later in the day I'll
really be tired afterwards so but I
wanted to check in with the obvious I
figured you guys would be proud of me i
know i don't you guys give me a lot of
encouragement and um it's awesome
because i think it's cool it gets gave
me an encouragement when i do good and
when i get a little obvious don't judge
me most of you don't judge me when we
get the haters but the ones that are
like true blue like y'all don't Jenna if
you don't say anything but then when i'm
doing and go to you like yeah it's like
positive reinforcement so yeah so i'm
excited or go work at am in the parking
garage i'm feeling so good right now
like ten o'clock I'm feeling good I'm
happy and Loan live so let's go do this
well tell they just worked out so much
oh so gross you go home and shower
rather than work out the whole time and
the time is buttered or not 859 about
stern nine o'clock yeah i went to the
elliptical and then I work out my
trainer so flushed oh my god I'm so
tired I'm so tired oh hey bitches okay
got next week scheduled for training and
I get toned up your girl gonna get John
I hate this little thing about things so
tired I don't even think this is like a
full blog like I think this little i
watch a today oh no I have brunch with
Kim oh I'd be a week in the life who
knows so yeah church's life hashtag just
life I felt liner stick just now just
like trying Lucas mm-hmm there's some
hot guys there tonight happen alone this
is not one of them coming yeah I'm where
I go I gotta shower and go to sleep
