good morning everyone so today I am
filming something with Jason he hasn't
given me much info on what it is but he
gave me a little bit of notice this time
so I was able to get my hair makeup done
I also filmed a video for my channel I
did like a holiday haul like Black
Friday haul / what I got myself before
Christmas haul um yeah I'm still a
little sick but I've been taking my
z-pak didn't get much sleep last night
but that's okay I'm gonna do like a car
tour today so I gotta go get my car wash
car tour so I'm gonna go film Jason car
wash parts work I want to I want to do a
photo shoot for my patreon I'm just
trying to get a dinner last minute at a
hotel I think I have the photographer
and I already have a hand makeup done I
feel like I'm always pushing myself
I just hate like just sitting around
especially this time of year I just I
feel really inspired and active and when
I feel like inspired I want to do stuff
I don't want to like lose that momentum
but because I'm a little like worn down
just physically just like with my
sickness but I'm okay I'm pushing
through I feel better with the hair and
makeup so now I gotta go find an outfit
Jason requested I wore something kind of
pretty specific and I'm kind of confused
I really don't know what we're doing I
have no idea I don't it's not an a
regular outing I don't think because you
know he's pretty conservative so you
sure you like dress conservative but he
wants me to wear something like sexy and
it's like the middle of the day so I
don't know we'll see how that goes but
you know I love Jason and I trust him
and I love hanging out with him anyway
so and if he wants me to wear something
slutty I'm like hell yeah I'm down I
love him so I'm a super hot so I'm super
excited anytime I can tell what Jason is
like that day to me so we'll see how it
goes - McKim today inspired look Adam
killed it Adam Simmons I was taking my
instagrams to check all that out
I'm loving my tapings Bellamy killing it
but now I got a good rest cuz I kinda
don't know what I'm wearing so I gotta
figure it out okay so this is the outfit
it's like I didn't know like how slutty
he sound like dominatrix I'm like I mean
I could take the skirt off and then it's
like just like little boy shorts but
this kind of adds like the fetish eNOS
I've done many chicks answer this to
yesterday how fitting edible
arrangements um why I say it's fitting
is because I'm in a bondage outfit not
that I don't need to deliver this but
I'll be sweet they'll send me like some
knowledge not all the time after like a
video but they're like randomly send me
um I can't get the treat open uh ladies
yes um they always send me and not
always but they'll like bring me some
nice treats and so they sent me hundred
any show fees oh yeah yeah yeah
thank you sucker with some
chocolate-covered strawberries which
look amazing it's not gonna run my lips
right now it will get me these later on
they smell amazing
usually these are like blueberries or
something they're so sweet like Oh
somebody top covered strawberries this
is like turning it to a romantic night
oh we're on a date tonight you and me
you know sometimes to know and buy their
Christmas presents and no one takes you
on dates
just put some bondage on from a creepy
common honestly and wrap in a
relationship me and Adam in a home
that's not sponsored by them but holy
house we I've worked for a ton of
companies and they don't let me gifts
why are you gonna me gift like I
appreciate you you don't mean so see
you don't have it have some water I got
ready for you early actually wah wah um
it's blowing up again um
Bridgette me Z pack for the day it's
really hard a swallow with a bondage
slave choker who remembers I got these
with my mom in West Hollywood unique how
many anyone named I'm gonna open one of
these myself I'm gonna have one little
treat I had an egg breakfast he was just
morning tape with my feedback because
sometimes how to open today it's like
universe to tell me no you don't need
these for O'Shea's and I'm saying you
know what universe you try and stop me
and knock me down before and I get up I
get knocked down but I get up again
you're never gonna keep me down down
okay and and we're still locked out what
the heck man like a chastity belt smart
I can eat these oh my gosh shut up by
the way to serve to rice right crazy
baby she tweeted something the other day
I was so freaking sweet
she's like a my cousin by the way I love
her I met her a long time ago I did
American Idol like promo thing we were
doing um okay I'm thinking the universe
is like you're not having this right now
I just want to bust it open man
never in my analyst oh my gosh the
biggest trouble of 2017 right here okay
saw this box up in nope what is this
though this is vlogmas day like 15 which
best gets boring you know I censored
myself watchers out there watch my
videos and me monetized ever try in try
not just what Isis all the chocolates
you know I'm gonna campus wet open this
can't wait huh make it craft a thing
maybe got it nope twice I kind of don't
want to give up because I'm vlogging
last night I need a happy ending
oh my gosh prayer or shave marketing
people if you're watching you make these
a lot easier yes oh my god I love these
chocolate I think the piece whole thing
okay
oh that was that was a struggle yeah
that was a struggle I'm rewarding myself
I pop the whole day my mouth just sugar
warning oh that's mine is so good
you're not a medicine ball this morning
but back to big make it about shave up I
should wear a sweater out but it is less
let's go oh that was a weird crap I made
please don't make that and show me and
think by which is gonna be known that
you guys I made it bathe house I've
never been over it hi Trisha Paytas
subscribers it's Jason again in my vlogs
you guys don't like everything to me
these days I'm at a family and I'm such
a fan welcome to our set right now my
god like if you wear something super
slutty like there was a thing where like
a friend blown you know the friend of
David Carter that I'm so down and blow
you into the car and it didn't even
happen so like your mom's would never
bother he's like well damn it's art I
didn't know I wanted to give him a real
blowjob yeah but we have the penis pump
I mean wait oh yeah we never used that
that's an easy spell tamo-guna that I
get those you're like oh my god I had to
change that Kishen I got for our sex
life he's got this cutie what are you
gonna do with him my god he's actually
really cute right wait you wanna know
there was like a year that was the
Peppa's but we never had a sin Jason
Jason brought it to put on his five I
can only get so many in there anytime
oh my god yeah I feel like you would
like it I've evolved form of merriness
but yes I like it for real though I've
got a I'd like some things I feel like
you would actually like it I feel like a
gerbil there um yeah but it's like not
good to do it's like against like it
doesn't die it really doesn't die but
like it's again not for real
you get like infection or something what
they don't die you should actually these
are amazing what do these do I don't
even know if it'd make you pressures it
pressurizes it to make it huge yeah
you're like oh my gosh what's the link
look I did Church of this one this is
even out
don't that look on Tricia Scott it's got
the depressed one I love it with you
girls we never I never would my daughter
that day with you she was the first
person that called me it was like oh
this is well thanks for running me to
your house oh it worked
you don't coming it yeah did it get him
did a given Martin and we're back in the
kitchen so this is my arm eat up here in
the kitchen time so I just got home
which actually leaves shortly because I
dropped off my um my car at the car wash
so I I basically I live close to like
this shopping center that has car wash
on it it takes like an hour to wash your
car there as opposed to like 20 minutes
you said wait I just dropped it off
there since you like I said no and I
over it back now I have to pay for a
videographer got it were to pick up the
car and then we're going to an official
car tour video so I feel like change and
like get ready for that but um I needed
a snack first
so maybe I had some chips oh this is the
merch they were so sweet that way okay
so here's here's a little here's a
little lowdown so obviously I met Jason
earlier this summer in June and on my
heart like it's like as I just don't
really watch a lot of youtubers it's the
ones I watch are usually ones that do
videos about me like it's like a small
youtube channel like a thousand
subscribers like does he you to saying I
let's just play this thing I usually
watch them and that's how I find people
um so I don't know about any of these
like the like the vlog squad basically
in time at Jason and of course
Jason I became a fan of all of them I
started watching all their vlogs and
became an advance so it was really cool
to go over and I didn't know I honestly
didn't know Jake seems like we're near
Frank like dressed like super slutty and
I was really confused and I know and me
was gonna be in Davis car now is he
gonna be mad like he doesn't know me
like I like that i watch your videos and
like I see they pranked each other but
just they know each other him he doesn't
know me isn't really quizzes yeah it's
you know what I mean or like even going
into their house where they actually
live like I don't people to be like
who's this check like just walking in
her house hearing me and like cuz I
never met them before but they were all
like so nice like beyond nice like you
know I mean and then watch my videos or
maybe you don't have you know solid
there is so nice and it's like look
around like this and there was so much
energy like there were so many people
and so everyone just talks to each other
and it's like there's just so much and
you guys are mean like something like
situations in general I'm like they were
so sweet and nice and it was all their
cousin and Todd um they were going to
inspired this video I'm gonna actually
watch the blog that be like whatever
they were so sweet um like so like again
just so nice um Scott was really quiet
but I like I know he's seen a video
where I did his intro like I've been a
fan I like all of them I relate to
Scottie like the most because like I
know he's just I you have with one that
you relate to I'm ill I can't relate to
him a lot and they didn't relate to a
lot too
they couldn't have been sweeter I'm
wearing the same rich now I don't even
know if it's out they gave me this and
Brandon Marchesa's dick destroyer um and
then for straighten loved him ever got
me cheeky um
Oh Harleen we talk on Twitter all the
time she's like she's got this for him
and I always talk to Gabby like hang out
with all three of us jump I'm sure the
whole done when I did get to meet was
Kristen um she wasn't there but I loved
her too so it was like people were just
like really really being really really
nice and like the diamond even like I
didn't know who I was like
he doesn't know me what do we make this
prank you know um anyway he was just he
was just so nice and so sweet and like I
just
and just like nice people I don't know I
was really like shocked oh I'm not very
young so to me I'm Isaac you guys know I
might emmalin-- 29 but I feel like I'm
59 sometimes like I just feel like I'm
over life like an 80 year old would be
um so sometimes everyone young people
might go mad so much so much but it was
awesome and they were all super super
sweet and um I just pictures and stuff I
didn't get any picture so hopefully they
post them and I can steal them because I
was just like it was a lot you know the
prank was pretty like sexual in nature
too so like I said not knowing these
people in like showing up like well you
know no I have my skirt off for showing
up like and dominate guys I'm like I
moved out I'm a girl web design about
confidence I just didn't like one of my
video a phrase a little like that word
um I didn't want to disrespect anyone at
the house or you don't I don't know you
don't know people's like views and
beliefs and bug saliva and like Jason is
like a friend to me like I really really
do love him he's he's like such a nice
like a nice guy and a nice friend like
he's happy to be like a part of it I got
I don't really know if I would know
youtubers that's why I don't live with
anybody so it's like it was very cool to
be part of like gonna walk for a day you
know I mean just to be around people
when I walk I'm like I'm ottoman yeah of
course of course and then think
everyone's just like ready to be on the
camera which I love because I feel like
when I love people either don't want to
be on the camera they feel uncomfortable
being on camera like or they just like
not like themselves so I thought I was
so much fun but thanks all for having me
I think to the marche really do wear
their Murtala time the first dates ever
my father gets really where the merge
all the time all of the same merge with
work give me throwing min-jung we men
hang out what movie Borah sweet you know
here you know my name is all in cologne
and it makes the video or whatever what
we do Jim I really feel and then soul
marine I hate that I don't feel hundred
percent myself though
it's a level I was recalling and while
they were telling me this no not
everybody
you can get you know some to add me back
home video soaps I need these
Jeff why not my lips are kind of off
anyways mmm so lastly one laser tag I'm
bullying and Brad my friend you saw last
night he got us like a round of beers
but like up there he NAR ID check my
team I forgot my ID so he's coming up
tonight to bring it to me and he looks
pretty far away this one hour out there
are some sweets on him and Erin are
coming back up tonight so I can pie hang
out for a bit
I'm missing if I get them to sing gym
clothes are really good too never seen
Matt in high school fire hmm
halite robbers you like the best
combination do you want anything some
and sell them not one more
I'm just gonna sex ya / for my part
where boy mm-hmm my belly love mmm don't
shouldn't love sweet so dang much
yourself then
hmm my musketeer
I'm I'm dream on for you guys no one
accidentally bomb it wasn't in a title
Miriam look girls I just say that should
I have it forever shame they're tempting
me I shouldn't have those right there
shameless
get ready okay so I don't know why I
always feel the need to defend myself
but I still have my pink car people are
like thinking I sold it to get my
Mercedes even if I did it's not a big
deal or my Mercedes my Corvette even
right - does not big deal most people
turn in their cars but I still have my
pink car I've had to get an oil change
on her so I have been driving but
tomorrow I'll be driving her because I
won't my sister coming so it's good for
me I'm a lot of people or have to a lot
of things get a lot of things in there I
still have that y'all rest your breasts
yourselves rest easy knowing I still
have to pinch it it's actually mostly
haters just feeling oh I guess you
downgraded that just look at it it's
2:00 a.m. my voice is gone
I need you rest early what driving
looking further there was some me your
shot now
something we would say bonds looking for
make sure you stars or something over
here we didn't find it I end up falling
in the sea with her back my own g-wagon
thank God for Brad and Aaron they were
able to drive around and guys home
safely I was so tired then I don't get
much sleep again sighing I'm gonna get
about four to five hours I fall asleep
right God give up five hours
and I've been just going going going
it's one thing together like I film for
some I felt what Sandler night home
something else and then I have to call
and make appointments and reservations
and booking you know maidens and bells I
feel very overwhelmed because I haven't
had a me day like for like me get stuff
done or actually just you need to just
chill and I desperately need those or I
can just chill and like watch that like
so just like bitch did you I think which
I used to do a lot of those days and
it's like I don't miss doing that
non-stop but I do need it once a while
like once a week and I you just haven't
getting it and it always like a stupid
thing to complain about but it really
makes a difference when I have some good
meat I'm just jelly even with me just
chili I'm fine with - Tamara I'm running
around Jeff white Vincent you know I
love it it's all like a fun stuff but
I'm exhausted you guys I can't wait for
vacation vacation yeah a little bit
brother it'll be like that's how thick
my flocks these Lots have been long I
don't know what today is gonna be I
don't I can't remem loves day but you
know Walter I think I'm what page night
with uh what like tonight like et either
with Brad area like so you know I was
just I was exhausted who's walking
posted today which what a buddy I'm
straight for you guys I haven't much two
hours was a photo sure I turned it down
28 minutes and then something I was
bored watching it I was just so tired I
just I don't move it on my editor right
you know cuz I go ahead it's just making
sure like I don't like keep it anything
I know one but hopefully it's fine I
don't know I'm just so tired but
alas you know it's like a good problem
to have being busy and you'll be
creative and all that stuff so all right
what damn it once again doing the most
are you involved with trivia day that's
how I bet it been any of these guys I'm
a little sleepy girls so I love you hide
in your eyes tomorrow and I hope you're
doing love miss young and Anaheim where
interesting amazing I possibly be doing
it may be coming to add window in me
which would be a good thing for me but
he had come more days an excitement so I
know a lot of guys I'll see you soon if
I kiss you later
