struggle is real y'all today holy cow
traffic on a Saturday ain't no joke hole
my goodness gracious
so I am going back to the recording
studio today and I'm sweet at three it's
247 and I left at 2:15 ish thinking like
oh that's like plenty of time like 45
minutes I'm like a weekend like in the
we're it's like not night it's not like
morning it's like million food which I
guess is bad sometimes when I just
wasn't thinking I was gonna be this bad
and I'm still like 45 minutes away and
so probably half hour late which is so
awful I'm like I like I'm always late
but I feel like you really are to be
punctual I try and leave early but it is
just no no predicting this traffic like
yesterday I got there so early to the
shoe and now as traffic is like crazy
okay so real quick well I got y'all here
and I'm just sitting here chillin she
thinks one new bracelet will does not my
new bracelet but it is my cancer
bracelet can y'all salesman go music
it's my phantom bracelet from here
Africa I love it so much it makes me so
happy when I look at it because I left
the atomic just is making me really
happy I don't know it's um don't be
starin I swear to goodness I don't know
if you guys can see it that I don't know
I always say they like turn back but
some people you can see I know a lot of
people screengrab when people are
staring it it's kind of funny anyways
but as um okay so love this bracelet
laughs and Tom love these new Muse it
just got him with my mom my sister like
I've always ago actually that's gonna
column and then I just like never gotten
out of hauling on I was like whatever
else we're guys like it's still home
they're probably in a favorites because
I'm a cup says with on my ridges really
wanted
I'm like that bad so while it's breaking
up yeah okay look like I wanted to
address something cuz I was watching I
finally was catching up on bullets
because I have not watched YouTube and
so long like I think a week a which is
it doesn't seem a long but it's a long
time for me cuz I used to like sit down
and watch like 20 videos a day on
YouTube when I do that when I usually do
that cuz it's relaxing to me but I
haven't done that recently and I don't
just want a lot of things happening in
life the sky whatever over him like so
over him this guy was seen like
literally just ignoring me totally
buying whatever I don't even care at
this point like they do the only thing I
care about is like it kind of hurts like
losing something in your life that made
you happy but honestly I don't care
about him anymore like I literally
totally was like I'm so over I'm just
sad that that chapter of my life
listening but I'll get on to bigger
better things that's not what I wanna
talk about what am i talk about is um
blogs on the delay so I was watching
Gambhir army Bert Walters vlog today um
Amber's blog blog and she was saying
like how she was watching someone else's
who said that they don't like watching
blogs when they're like old like to
resold it I could only watch with their
current neighborhood secrets we it was
like I would walk the aisle in person
she watches that's not current and like
IG says definitely industry I always say
I'm like so like I'm two weeks behind my
schedule is about two weeks mine kind of
a weekend
that's kind of catching up but we can
have two weeks a couple reasons for that
not cuz I'm lazy guys I put out videos
everyday on both channel my blog every
day I film like every other day like I'm
always doing something I'm doing music
do movies it sounds like I don't feel
like I'm lazy about it because I'm
always putting up videos a couple things
one my computer doesn't hold that many
videos so I edit and then I upload right
away okay - my internet is insanely slow
and I know a lot of people taking their
internet slow but then they come to my
house I'm like oh this is like literally
archaic a dial-up stata is like it's
it's slow it's because of a couple
things a lever right on the beach which
if you ever go to the beach well at
least in California you get no reception
like the beach is like the worst place
to use a phone ever I cannot talk on my
cell phone in my house like the only way
I can tax is if you have my message like
if you don't my message like a lot of my
friends had like Samsung's and I just
like can't tax I just have no reception
no phone call that's why I have a
landline so kinda understand that so I
have the highest and I can get but on
top of that I also have by the airport
like LAX so that also messes with that's
what Verizon was trying anyways there
like it just is gonna be slow and I knew
it when I moved there because when I
moved into my place I had just broken up
well
now it's technically still seeing
ex-boyfriends so he was living down the
street and I had seen him on and off for
like maybe three years that point so
like I was like staying at his house I
knew how shitty the reception was and
everything in the internet all adds up
so I knew that and I was like it's not a
big deal because back then I was only
posting I think I was posting every day
but it wasn't a big deal because there's
once a day on my main channel so I can
just upload you know that night you know
I mean upload while I'm sleeping so one
of my videos on my channel even one of
my videos on this channel one video
takes 8 hours alone which is I know it's
so insane and it's like YouTube my life
so it's like a pager if you might want
to move somewhere I just like my
location right now so it's like I kind
of don't want to move just going
internet slow again it works for me and
I don't mind so when I'm wait for a day
I like have like three videos uploading
if I'm away for like a couple days or
hours so it's can like constantly upload
and all that stuff when you get ahead of
myself people then the other flip side
is I pray film videos on my main channel
and I like to have a backlog of vlogs so
the 20 most specifically the delay in
vlogs I have a backlog on vlogs
specifically because I don't walk every
day and I don't want to be like a wall
of content for like a week I think it's
better to have it consistent every other
day so you'll is getting a video every
other day if not every day sometimes I
do put them back to back so that's my
way of thinking also it just does not it
just really stress on me I don't stress
about having new videos you know it's
like I watch them on YouTube it's like I
need a new video you do a video
oh my god I'm so stressed or like they
tweet about it like I'm never stressed
for videos and I think that's why I love
YouTube so much it's so easy for me cuz
you like you put out so much
like everyday bow channels and it's just
that's why it's so easy for me so I
enjoy doing my videos and when I have
the time I like to do videos I like to
talk I like to I love talking I mean
that's basically my channel at this
point talking in my music videos and
then on top of that when I moved three
years ago into my place I'm in now I
wasn't busy meaning like I didn't need a
ton of backlog you're getting a ton
already uploaded you know what I mean
like cuz I wasn't doing all that much
like I was just doing YouTube videos but
now that I'm doing it I'm not saying
like oh my god so busy but I'm just
taking on more that I put on myself and
for the channel for the entertainment
for growing as a person all that stuff
so um I mean let's be real there's no
personal I hate fasten it anymore but um
which is a good fucking because I like
doing stuff for me anyway I'm a selfish
little bitch like that no I think it's
okay to be self selfish as long as you
don't have you know take care of anyone
or not many responsibilities or kids you
know I think it's okay to be selfish oh
I don't have kids
I need to be something sure I don't know
if I need to be or I just like that's
just me but so I've been pretty busy but
I'm for the best for the greatness of it
we are going through the 405 canyons
once again we are just here yesterday it
seems that was yesterday um but yeah I
don't know Oh life I got my Maryland
shirt on representing I'm like taking
Maryland to this whole other obsession I
always don't like to be really but
between a firm especially I was like
Maryland of today but we are not doing
Maryland's on oh no we are just
finishing up the last the last song like
last parts of it of my superficial bitch
album which is like crazy because it's
supposed to be like next week so we're
just like trying to finish it now and we
will I'm confident and then we are going
to do a couple more songs from my next
album so the next someone has quite a
few songs I think we're recording 12 but
I don't know if 12 was gonna make up the
album because sometimes it get in there
and I started singing songs and I'm like
populated you know and sometimes if I
sometimes I'm like that with YouTube
videos - I'll do a YouTube video and
I'll be like they'll suddenly like this
won't believe it or not I do discard
some videos usually sometimes not a lot
though I guess I shouldn't really say
that because it's like doesn't happen
all that frequently but
so it's 255 now five minutes to get
there but realistically up I be there in
15 minutes because we are going on the
101 which is the Hollywood Freeway but
as I think to do some songs get me in
the mood for a new attitude oh my god
does anyone remember the show California
Dreams like my brother does but my
sister doesn't and like a lot of my
friends my age don't but I loved how
bright robes I know some of you so young
but I don't know if there's a Midwest
thing that we love that show but
California Dreams was a show that was
about a band like in Southern California
or the high schooler's I had like a band
and there was a guy named Jake on there
it was like so hot and it's been since
lie I was just so crazy because the guy
who played sly I think his name slice
slime I think his name was just like Sly
Fox maybe I don't know um I found one
Facebook like he was like friends with
someone I'm friends with on Facebook and
that was so weird as I say he's a lot of
uncouth virgins I'm he's literally doing
nothing now which is so sad I guess like
California Dreams with everything back
in the day but I was thinking about that
I was like sort of dudes and attitude
that's these I kind of grew they lay
back booze don't wake me up don't want
stuff it's like don't wake me up if I'm
dreaming California James Bradley lay
here in the Sun until my dream and stuff
I love teenage shows like that me i'ma
stay by the bow but I always wanted to
be on like a high school show I think
it's way too late for me now to be on a
high school show it's totally sucks
because I just always thought it'd be
fun to play a high schooler High
School's over Trish and you never look
like you were in high school even when
you were in high school so there's that
but there's true I just can't win
we just can't um oh what am I thinking
what am I thinking what am i doing to
figure out back streets or freeway
better take the freeway cuz back streets
my feet bitch damn damn damn damn so
much traffic um I have a full battery
whoo I'm so excited proud of myself for
changing it changing it up I need a
blast this hair but I feel it's gonna be
too loud of a blast tonight guys I don't
know why I'm wearing long sleeves today
it was cool in my apartment and I got
out through a world and it was hot mmm
all right well I think that's all I got
to say right now I'm gay I wish I had
gotten more talk while I was gonna talk
about Hunchback of Notre Dame I washed
out the other night the Disney movie
whoa this line I oh my god I'm gonna be
that biatch that's cause like every
funny well maybe they were on my ass
white pickup truck seriously like he saw
my signal getting over that's also peppy
like yeah I am I'm freeway trying to get
over its ups but dude like you're on my
ass if you see it they don't be a bully
don't be a freeway bully
you knew this road reach now I'm gonna
stay it out and I'll see you when we are
Zen and we are home I don't have coffee
or water this is this is no bueno out of
traffic P repeat males music one for
people losing one is that your YouTube
piece on YouTube you have people's music
one
when's your album coming out you're
doing an album I sure AM when's it
coming out as soon as I finish it which
will probably be in a couple months to
me that's so long the ways I know but
there's a lot of work involved as you
know you've been working on this for a
while for you yeah but I feel like I
mean I'm not perfectionist I don't care
Michael sounds gay let's do it
well that's the part of the charm to you
that should be a song when are we doing
it do it
I can't wait we should write one first
how about that okay I'm not gonna do it
would not be good because I feel like my
voice your voice is like got and my
voice is like there Oh your voice is
amazing
bah bah ha ha ha ha
huh it's kind of um the other way like
that Stefon recording what I can't hear
myself Oh kiss the mic oh that was good
people's like the yes-man he's been
saying yes to everything literally I can
make anything like mm-hmm
I'm like agents fuck them he's like mm
mm mm mm I love it kills out of the room
now I had a vlog cause he kept saying I
was tired and like what tickled wrong
with you he's like projecting his
tiredness on idea I wasn't really tired
yeah cuz he was probably tarkas he went
on that hike yeah they went on some bro
hike and there wouldn't even happen and
I thought they were just saying that Oh
speak of the devil
good job isn't that a van Halen song
speak of the tow run it with down
that's me Elin yeah is it yeah I love
that song bottom with the bowl those
beautiful
do you like Nelson Nelson you are longer
yeah okay y-yeah I'm logging taking a
shot so Caleb a location what is uh what
up can what up okay
I said we're vlogging when you were out
of the room because you keep saying I'm
tired and so I was like any of vlogging
kills not but there you are and we love
you I was just you have a little bit of
a your your turn down to like you know
seven right now you're not that you're
not gonna tend in terms of energy I am
on I'm alright sweetheart she's always
the time Thanks yes man huh huh
always always it's in now you're a ten
but be the change you want to see in the
world cool love that who said that David
Lee Roth with the best friend made one
was our hangers were long oh really
who's the best frontman ever you get
three seconds kill who's best at me Oh
like that and that was good best part me
and ever kale okay now be serious best
friend man ever P three seconds myself
you and Kim really yeah David Bowie Iggy
Pop Mick Jagger oh wow right
who's your three go well dailyrx all
probably be up there uh ready with
Freddie Mercury
I'd say Freddie Mercury all the time
that's mine they stole mine yeah and um
I don't know you know didn't didn't
stretches from like Billie Joe Armstrong
Joe Joe Billy Joel I'm Sean Billy Joe
from everyday right in that his name
Oh using somebody Joe Joe I heard uh
Joel oh hey Sal of Billy Joel nah he
sing us a song me out man there's a song
tomorrow
if this is Billy Joel's dick it would be
my mom mm-hmm haven't even sung yet so I
was very thing watching deadly adaption
over there oh I'm so tired when I got
home at 8 o'clock I'm so tired
I really want to see this movie this out
was trending on Twitter and I was just
like I was like saying is this a parody
and I honestly it's like really awful
like I'm hoping it's parody like welfare
I was terrible acting Christian waster
walking and they're like really good and
I've seen them both in dramatic roles
before and they're not this awful so
it's either the script or it's a parody
or it's a good joke we're all being
Punk'd but either way I love me some
lifetime and I'm watching it my legs
look so skinny like that
okay well let's hear for the fish angle
um I was just so imply during so I'm
posting my mouth from dinner but I hope
you guys all enjoy this new music I've
been working really hard on it I got
really tired today towards the end I was
just exhausting and draining especially
my original songs like perfecting those
it's just it's kind of draining but I
have a lot of fun and um yeah I don't
know I'm kind of in a weird um a weird
mood kind of sad mood I guess sad but um
with sadness I know time always heals it
so I'm just trying to stay busy stay
positive and good things are coming and
if you're feeling sad or having a down
day just know that good things are
coming
and the things are going good just
remember to thank God for those
blessings um yeah I don't know just kind
of on end this blog today I kind of felt
like it was a good time to end it so
anyways I love you guys so much and I'll
talk to you soon as always want to say
hi to Rihanna's and until next time here
because he's for a little baby fishy mmm
bye guys
