hey guys Oh another early morning
workout today's an elbow so I'm doing
two days in a row because this weekend
I'm gonna be really busy tomorrow's
Friday's so Friday Saturday Sunday I'm
really busy and I'm not gonna be able to
go to the gym so yeah I'm trying to get
like set days for some reason trainers
don't like set days and times they
always want to like change it up and I
need like a set day and time so I don't
schedule anything else around my
training time just because this is just
like not working out I mean I just
started back when like already he's like
maybe this day maybe we'll try for that
like uncertainty and unless me want to
do a training session it's like I need
like a Sat schedule which I think is
gonna happen like I think I want to do
it Tuesday Wednesday Thursday which is
back-to-back workouts but mentally I
think I can handle that better because
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday is I like my
work days I know it's crazy I'm like off
Friday Saturday Sunday Monday when I say
off it's like I keep those days open for
like I don't know I just spit old that
was so gross I just like to keep those
days open if possible meaning I don't
like to go out and do shoot for other
people or stuff if if it's on the
weekend does that make sense like my
work it's weird cause like my work I
love and anything for me I love doing
it's like music videos don't count like
my own videos don't come because like I
love doing it and recording itself that
doesn't count cuz I love doing it even
though it's like work I love doing it I
looked at houses up there and I was too
scared to make an offer because I didn't
think I was gonna get approved I should
have just done it though oh god my arms
my arms are so bad this is why I'm going
to a trainer my arms
it's not even Commons I mean people
don't mean as like me as happy I was
gonna swear I'm trying to just swear as
much so I'm trying to like catch myself
if you want mean but that's not even the
reason why I want to work out because
honestly I can just notice in my own
pictures where I'm like oh I want to
signify my arm like with a little app
it's like no I needed to spin if I my
arm real like cuz this is real life and
I I don't know my arms have never been
as
as much of a trouble area before so I'm
just really trying to work on my arms
and my stomach I mean obviously
everything but yeah just physicality
wise just my arms I want to work on
that's just my own personal thing and
then of course I just want to feel
better and I'm we're gonna do it like
yesterday after I went to the gym like I
felt so good I did laundry I had so much
energy and when Isaiah wanted to come
over I had energy to go out at night
even though I was like really tired by
the end of the night I still have like
energy I was under direct as a whole day
I didn't have to take a nap and that's
important that is super important to me
because I hate taking naps if you're
lethargic it's like sometimes you need a
nap but usually I don't I just go down
for a nap anyway so I'm like no no naps
and I feel better and I would sleep
through the night now without napping I
don't know I'm probably something I'm
crazy but yeah so that's my agenda for
today and my nails that I was supposed
to go look at houses my mom but the
house is I have a realtor who calls me
as I I think I have a house for you and
I was having so many pictures and it's
like pulling teeth for him to send me
pictures and he sends them to me and I'm
like no I like him he is nice but he's
only think would you settle for this
would you settle for that I'm like if
I'm going to be buying a house that I
intend to live in for a very long time
like what kind of settle and then
settles our condominium which is smaller
than place I'm currently living in I'm
like no I'm not you know why I rush into
a lot of things when it comes to
purchases and I'm very
spur-of-the-moment let's just do this
but like I have to actually love it like
I can't just be like oh this is what's
out there now I got weight yours if I
have to before buying a house like it's
just it's such a big thing like people
and I'm someone who's always getting
pushed into something I don't want to do
and it's been another thing with this
one video I want to do like
I'm not saying like I'm being pushed
into it but I like I'm very like I know
what I like I'm so often in the past
I've been pushed to do things that I'm
just like okay because someone like
convinces in the oven even if I know
what I feel is a better thing for
supporting if it was a better be
everything for me you know what I mean I
don't know when it comes to me I know
what I want right do we know what but my
most of my life I've been conditioned to
think I don't know what's best for me
so DOM and finally at this age 27 where
I'm finally just you need to like take
control of this because your whole life
you'll be taken advantage of and pushed
around and you'll never be happy because
people are telling you what's best for
you rather than you telling yourself
what's best for you and that is a lesson
that we can all learn because I feel
like a lot of us would get pushed around
taking advantage up at any age but it's
better to learn at an early age then go
through my whole 20s basically just
having people tell me what's best for me
and I guess I'm one of the people don't
like to be like a bitch I'd be dramatic
about anything but it's not it's not
being a bitch and I'm being dramatic
it's just knowing what you want and if
it's your money you're spending like you
should get what you wanted
simple so I don't know I'm so pasty I'm
so excited to be going to the gym today
because I'm looking at my reflection
reflection is not something I like today
which is okay and not like I hate it I
am ugly it's like I'm working towards it
so this is a good work towards Jamba
Juice is so close to my jam I hate back
is every time I go past it and want a
Jamba Juice so bad why is it that my
drink has not so much sugar in it and I
know if you're like they have healthy
drinks but I don't like healthy drinks
so it's like I'd rather just not drink
anything I should go get like a green
shoes and like force myself to drink
that but
I don't know man I honestly just would
rather have nothing in my body than
green juice look I don't know I one day
I'm gonna be in that mindset why might I
need a green juice I'm gonna crave a
green juice but that day is not today so
anyways okay I'm like not late but I
always freak out I'm gonna be late I'm
like clearly at my gym but I'd like ten
minutes just fair so I'm like oh my god
by the tire park and walk in is this
gonna be enough time I guess we'll see
but there will be a good day for me and
I hope it'll be a good day for you all
and I'm staying I thought I always would
say that I feel like it's a good ending
I don't know but I really do hope you
guys have lots of blessings and
positivity in your life today and I
believe you will think it and it will be
it and so it
if I bring don't worry I love this
trainer about this trainer it's like
really because we're always doing
different tasks he pushes me Isis what I
do rip how about three times guys think
you'd like to hire right now is what I
did then yes locked in our schedule my
shoulders final follow me original
Minich EPA regional sofa we just ate
lunch it's hot as fuck so it is steaming
in Beverly Hills Damon
so scales like witness snap because he
thought you know how we were mad at each
other but we haven't got a fighter from
and I'm talking about I think we've been
in the fight this year happy
I think fighting is
possible we broke through the banjo in
clothes we were a little more you know
brother-sister but you can always get
mad at your brother right actually
really Dom in my part that is the
stupidest thing but they put that
charger like that that you can get close
it you gotta watch that it's probably
that's the stupidest thing ever that's
all people watch anyways as an infant
you're the one complaining you got to
report it now surprise it was that good
it wasn't really really good it took
about two or three yeah try it to get it
right he'd get there it was the only
song that I was like no no and then what
yes
like we really did something something
that probably will be the most popular
one is it is funny it's always using my
last one that we're kind of like it's
like the hardest like lost-and-found is
the hardest for you to record last time
and that was our most popular sex might
be it's hard to say because they're all
my original songs so I like them all but
it's got a lot of passion
and it's like something people can
relate to this one's being around love
with a married man that's what it's
being about
brought to tear it's good yeah so yeah I
think it's
I did still have the your phone is the
worst it leases alien noise like when we
were talking earlier made an alien noise
in Mali boom you're angry that you saw
someone on the streets and it like did
that and you're like oh maybe we weren't
supposed to hear that name you memory
when you saw the guy across the street
and you're like hey guess who I'm
looking at is and innocent said that the
little alien thing went off and I was
like yeah yeah where do you set that my
voicemail I couldn't even hear the name
the first time because there's like like
is that alien thing like we're
Illuminati and you're like maybe weren't
supposed to hear that that would be
Illuminati I think that would probably
be
it was funny that's what I said last
night on the periscope out but the fact
that I didn't or didn't you know I mean
it would have like one day while back I
would've been like oh my god like I
guess I've been out here long enough
yeah it sucks
a little bit well we talked about
various other people and when you kind
of like put off by people's unjaded this
or their okay yeah you needed by the
balance where you're not Gina's real
we were taken by like oh my god there's
some you know celebrity well at the same
time presumptuous enough to like not
move into their bits
that is true but I kind of regret not
talking to John there yeah I don't know
why did you know morning it was me he
was yeah like you definitely did not
really innovate I don't want to be
bothered
yeah don't like exactly in the coffee
blinders on morning it was like 9
o'clock in the morning in Starbucks but
you're beautiful I even like by Bates
just like woman
I wasn't that beautiful that day if I
went in looking mighty rich you're only
Disneyland to Corral I'm gonna take
y'all like definitely not something I'm
like egg but if I was like Trish makeup
in here I'd tell you over like I'm gonna
fix her like a hundred percent well
girls have it a little easier when it's
climbing like asking for pictures like
you get because it's that whole groupie
thing guys is harder for them to be
groupies as
to the other part you know
I think
Crispin Glover his female fans like
literally like charm the pants off any
girl like any guy that ever no he
weren't anything Shady so sweetie I
think he didn't see the you know any
kind of attachment you know and
whatever was said I can't remember what
was said we were talking at the food
table and it was
she was mine or you know what and the
fact that I didn't it kind of like stilt
would suggest you know what you just
don't you know go there but you know hey
yeah you want he's a very sensual
there's something here I saw I think
I've I brought up his squirrel rat movie
play the movie he still does a hates war
it's ten years even touring with that
shadow thing locates it no it's a movie
eat meat on a rat no he goes into like
okay here's a rat in this page and like
what like them a book he has like an
excerpt oh you're talking about the
slideshow yeah a dungeon with like girls
in it like a freakin or a man in a
diaper to carry yeah did he stand up on
a box in front of the whole auditorium
and like talking like that's being like
this is my rods oh my god but Crispin's
bizarre but his shows are bizarre and
you should go see them and then he ocm
say hey trash he knows he's needs my
videos and he gets pissed and they were
talking about him Oh
I think secretly that makes me one good
thing
no I love him and I say that she's like
you least I said something nice like I
was good and bad so now every time I
talk about him
I say he's like forever so my sister's
oh of course I think that anything it's
my bar
Kayleigh oh yeah gee I
zero sugar
all that's gross no it's not your
hitting the train at your gym yeah he
wants to be my trainer I don't think
they'll yeah
you give me everything I have no miles
are you doing with that obey why do you
have the e that's the acronym bang no
it's your BAE I know I just target into
it
come on team right
start a new trend I just love the
promotion you said for business and
that's the funniest thing ever
the way you promoted that was so you
just flip it on and all of a sudden your
moment I know I love it though because
you're actually into it depends you're
not into it now you are I slipped it as
you say you gotta flip it but I will be
back people I tell you I'm right now I'm
writing I'm trying to uh do things for
you and it takes a lot of focus me just
having this spontaneous like moment
where you turn
all the editing all of that job and that
Shore goes to you in a promotion and and
it's tough doing a YouTube channel it
really Julian it's not just something
easy and I was telling you about 20
minutes ago one in the dinner table yeah
Oh prouder like a kind of communion like
effort just
you know what it is becomes happen what
I thought if I don't want to feel weird
if I'm not walking everything I'm doing
yeah over here the power I just showed
you periscope yeah you know you're
already you know you got drunk dragged
into snapchat and you're like or even
more so now what about periscope you're
like she told me last night it's trash I
just went over periscope you're like you
know what I did one word so it's mean I
can't do it literally and that to me is
what kind of like you to or you know
even snatching it's like and I'm like
kids everything doing you know so they
start to spray down yes it's right in
your life and some things start
someone called Johnny Doppler in my last
vlog to talk drama yeah they said I was
convinced and you Fritz on you down I
got to you I don't know where I came
from I was like whoa Babak oh thank you
for re than Johnny you're more our age
moments and Jeremy's cool really faked
mercury poisoning I'll get out of a
Broadway play remember that he is Dave
Smith Wow and he like said he had
mercury poisoning from eating too much
sushi I am back in the day when I did
you a managerial
helped up read my notes working with her
the talent agent
I got a friend of mine
she's an actual send
Clark
so nieces something like that but
the scene was it called corn had to be a
contortions
so naturally on the roster I use this
girl assist contortionist and plug your
head think you know
or dysentery she got the job
cut - I go out - kawaii like that next
year and
like fish and chips there's chair
I left um yeah it separates them
he didn't arise easier to remember is
memorable
like you gotta know when somebody but
there do a split on your face that was a
roll pretty much she's a straight
disgusting to the stripper that calls
for it you're done I can do that I can
somersault in someone's lap new stage no
I probably look a hot back then - lets
go attractive in this area there's like
so many skinny Wow they all of this bog
but they're pretty nice apart about have
you ever seen the women of LA video is
one viral yeah it's this guy Jesus
probably know him but Saints DJ
Louisville and he did that like Pauly
Shore was in it basically like saying if
you're not like a deal of celebrity or
have a bunch of money like girls that
one talk to you in LA and this is all
these girls are fighting me of it yeah
we should probably done that a while it
goes points a lot for you guys sorry
oops
yeah it is it is a bit much sometimes
it's gotten to the point now or you just
like it's kind of comical and then
videos like that capture you know what's
going on it's the sign of times it's
just kind of pathetic it's just so much
and so much that the girls even they
know it you know yeah it's at least
Beverly Hills in Hollywood because where
I live girls aren't like that and like
any other places a girl with like
possibly not like it's just this area I
hate it I hate this area I'm kind of uh
I think I'm springing out of here oh
yeah where my Tuesday of walking in a
chair for us yeah the beach or somewhere
it's calling come to the west side yeah
the the ocean the water you know yeah I
had to do it I did it you know I mean I
can look back and then I know to one of
the things
whatever not that it was a vert decision
or whatever deliberate but it's
beautiful you won you know stepping
around here it is beautiful yeah there
is something - if I get over it quick my
cam but we order cheesecake factory
woman can I come over here exactly
but then I never just a boogy boogy one
day then we can like go somewhere but
never booze you want to see Kim oh my
gosh it's Kayla the gym again I just ate
like pasta I feel I can't go to the gym
because I felt like I worked so hard I
will work out again that's why you have
to you have to this is the whole thing I
know I grew up but you have to kind of
just get just like I know first kind of
months when you were doing the videos
and editing and all of a sudden you know
like where we're gonna the next today
it's like second nature eating a salad
Wow honestly never felt like talking
about videos I was as I've always been
excited to post videos my entire life if
I did it for three years to somehow
envision and an embrace like eating the
salad is okay never eat salad but I got
any like chicken and stuff like I'm
gonna keep that never be a salad but I
can like chicken I like bomb or
something I don't know what I need when
you probably chicken chicken chicken
that's why I like or steak she was steak
houses cuz I'm like okay so my trainer
told me about the Paleo diet today and I
was like I heard you that like see I
mean it's on diet I don't like to eat
too much meat and mainly because I but
it's not because I'm not fanatic and the
being in the kind of sense of you know
cruelty animals I do like however feel
that there's problems with that factory
farming stuff but the point is animal
fact and that stores just kind of like
lodges on my body the older I get or at
the older I am and that kind of thing in
it and it stays with you long enough if
we threw a piece of steak right out
there on the sidewalk
and walk back like about two or three
days later which would be how long it's
going to be in our stomach yeah what do
you think it look like this is awesome
it can now I mean I just call from a mr.
Goodbody I'm like what do you eat he
looks right I want to eat that I think I
look fucking good
yeah carretera baby boom right there oh
my god the weirdest thing just happened
I just had like the biggest panic attack
I was gonna go into the grocery store
and like I couldn't even unbuckle my
seatbelt I just was like paralyzed in
fear or anxiety or something
we aren't just that I'd literally been
sitting here for like 30 minutes I was
like and then I couldn't reach on the
car to go drive home I couldn't go
inside I know I needed to go inside to
get stuff it was so weird I just I
usually get anxiety like in the middle
of night if I get anxiety because my
mind's resting but so weird today's been
such a good and positive day but I just
gotta get this strange anxiety like
attack all the sudden and that was like
actually the scariest thing I just I
didn't even know what to do I I just
froze gosh I can't imagine I've never
been one to suffer from anxiety all that
much maybe maybe maybe once a year if I
even knew it was an anxiety attack I may
not have even been an anxiety attack but
that legit scared me because I was like
paralyzed I could not move and I was
anxious to go into the store but then I
was anxious to be driving home and yeah
I I don't really have anxiety on a
day-to-day basis like this which is so
weird but I think I'm okay now to
unbuckle my seatbelt I just thought like
I could not buckle it like I was just I
had fear and I don't know what the fear
is so weird whoo that was trippy eyes
hey I'm better now I don't know how I
even overcame it like I just sat here
just like and I just said God please
help me like what am I supposed to do
I'm too scared to drive home I'm too
scared to go in and do scare to unbuckle
my see well please help me and I just
got everything okay I took a couple deep
breaths I'm like oh listen everything
was okay maybe everything to be okay
just clear those thoughts out of your
head because honestly not really crazy
and you go like wash your face I'm gonna
be won't touch my face it's a girl's
butt
oh that was intense holy cow huh it was
it's been such a good positive day that
was just I was just not expecting that
so okay I'm just gonna go get a couple
things in the store okay I react with my
groceries everything is good everything
is calm and you tampons that came up a
bunch of groceries there's a trust that
is telling me I going home to wash the
space greasy
