guys you won't even believe and back at
the gym today oh my gosh bright and
early
8 a.m. I figured I work out in the
mornings I like I like physically
mentally be better for the rest of the
day so I quit with my personal trainer
about eight months ago yeah bad like
last fall so he was like seven months
ago and he runs the whole like training
system so I was like a little hesitant
to come back because I'm like oh no he's
gonna die quit on him but it's like girl
you're paying them like you can come
back and work out whatever you want like
stop caring what people think and that's
exactly what I'm doing so I'm back um he
got really busy because he does like run
like three of the equinox gyms in this
area so he couldn't train me so have a
new trainer which I'm extremely nervous
about because I really hate like they
like test you the first time and I like
really hated cuz I'm like really out of
shape but you have to start somewhere so
we'll see how girls wish me luck oh just
finished my first workout back and it
was so good I'm so much it's only nine
o'clock I just want to crawl back into
bed but I have laundry gotta do today I
got like so much like whom stuff I got a
deal with so I'm so tired I'm so like
I'm not craving anything I'm just really
thirsty
really women Jamba Juice but that's so
much sugar so I'm not going to get a
jump of juice Jamba Juice is only once a
weekend out yesterday so I have to wait
till next week maybe every Friday I
should get my Jamba Juice treat um I'm
so tired my arms kill me my trainers
name is Cole and he's super cool he's
super awesome and um is our first like
training session together so he's kind
of just seeing my little limits as he
calls him which I was sweatin during the
warmup
so I just straight up and like do like I
am NOT in any sorts of good shape but I
did okay my arms and my shoulders kill
which is what I wanted to work on with
my arms so yeah at least I went back and
proud I almost canceled this morning
because I was so intimated and nervous
I'm glad I didn't because the end of the
day like it's all about me and my body
and doesn't matter what anyone else
thinks in there so if you're nervous
aren't imited going to the gym just just
do it who cares like if someone's going
to judge you like like what is their
life but they have to judge like some
random stranger at the gym but you know
what a shame told me best himself um
about you know when you go out in public
and you think you know oh people are
going to think this if I wear this or
maybe they'll like no one is thinking
about you like everyone is so onto
themselves which is a bad thing right
everyone's just so stuck onto there in
their own head in their own world and
all about them that they don't really
care at all about you which it's kind of
like negative but at the same time when
you said that to music that's true like
people don't care people are so
self-absorbed but they're not worrying
about what you look like
they care so much about what they look
like and how they're being presented so
it's like we all just need to get out of
our heads not care what other people
think
and just like focus on ourselves but not
too much on ourselves where we're just
like oh my god you know like so focused
but I don't know I feel better I do feel
really really good I'm not gonna lie but
I'm really thirsty in a neighboring
water oh oh that's gonna be a great
screw graboid Oh some people I just
greet got me Ani I look crazy things
like that scrunched-up knows me young
but I'm just going to go home and do
some laundry for today so good workout I
don't think I'm doing much else exciting
today but if there is you guys will know
about it is if not come back tomorrow to
the gym stop back on the gym guy will
have it a little midday snack just put
some peanut butter and bananas I'm on an
English muffin I'm watching Teen Mom I'm
a vice really messy they just from
summer favorites but do not care I mean
Joel my dream man have my lips Nick so
it's not running
what's your snapchat we're gonna answer
is a private was just I say mais I put
on my Instagram
yeah what's your a snap my snapchat
Isaiah Mays it's really simple it's me
that's what yeah guess what we're
Cheesecake Factory
Thank You um yeah he came in from
Oklahoma where the grass he came in and
I look so close the airport and so he's
like hey when I hang out his shirt and
now in half later Mike where the hell
are you I live like five bits from the
year for it yeah I had to go yeah Mike
yeah I do get my car and then I'm
sitting in traffic and it was really
boring but yeah she's like where are you
and I'm like I'm coming there's this
traffic that LA and I would have later
my bedtime like I walked in 15 minutes
which took me like half an hour to ps4
hey yeah we're not even working everyone
always says I only have friends and I
work with yeah we're we're hanging out
working all things are just like oh only
when they're working with a hater like
shield that's throwing her friends but
look no cameras oh wait there's one oh
yes hit the freeway entrance okay so
we're trying to figure out something to
split and we have the work Mayer is so
far out it's really tricky because yeah
I love delicious things and she loves
delicious things we don't find the same
things delicious just reconfigures and
tater tots yeah
turkey chicken fingers and tater tots
and then he is my favorite skater
hashtag my favorite tater that's my
favorite thing you know you're my
favorite Tater Tot I can't be depleted
by it
yeah that was the goodness of secret I
doesn't I tell them do you not Instagram
like once with some my favorite
frickin done your business catered had a
sexual thing neither and be typing tater
tots sex yeah well you know let me know
what you find
it should be the title this video is
here trash bags look who can figure it
out I mean yeah I don't know why I put
sex into the tater not happy right here
will be very careful with your tater
don't just give it a turn anybody give
it anytime but I whipped out my blog
says volume for you guys today so where
do you think my dream I was like kinda
eating healthy today but yeah Thank You
our next our next hashtag is gonna be so
tot right now sound like thought about
what it sounds like thought but it
rhymes with hot but what does thoughts
gjt what's a thought in my opinion it is
a girl that you really don't give that
much you know give really give two shits
about but you kind of would still like
to bang that's just me thinking I'm not
the person who would use that term I
would never
yeah I would I didn't when I first heard
it youth I'm pretty sure there's someone
of my family who used it and I was like
dude no I thought I did on Instagram and
everything how you said I've never heard
it right in it like this yeah like you
know she's just a
so yeah yes if you if you not actually
care about somebody I understand that
people want to have sex and sometimes
they really need to have sex it's almost
like just having food you get really
hungry you just need to do it but at the
same time if you don't really care about
that person you don't want that person
to have your kids at least if you died
tomorrow and that person ended up with
your kid and you'd be like oh no don't
bang that person for any reason what the
hell oh that girl really like serious
look like I just thought about oh I'm a
thigh what I wouldn't but I love
thinking something is negative and like
using it so like no one can use it's
alright it's Amitha I'm a slut I'm bad
mom or like I feel like no one can use
it against anybody to say it that's true
but I'm pretty sure that a slut is
something that people call you who think
that you have too much sex with too many
people a whore is what people call you
when you're too attractive or when you
have sex for money but usually they
don't know where the money is actually
coming from if you actually had sex with
Christmas they'd have no business
calling you a whore unless you advertise
it that really is your job in which case
being a whore probably isn't a bad thing
to you so why in the world would you
call someone Oh what on Instagram I
found us I guess an escort or whore of
you on Instagram and she's so proud
about it she's beep being like it paid
someone's like I just want to marry you
she is not all about papers that pussy
my girl awful I do it
I love her though I'm just shoot with
her outside you ready you see with her
she's shitter she's really beautiful
ah yeah a picture she's got a huge butt
feel fine oh I talk about on Twitter I'm
like obsessed you're not on Twitter
though right you don't do the Twitter I
know you're on it but I just
hashtag would go away but I think way
don'tdon't done I think I can't Trisha
with her amazing nails just literally
hooked herself yeah hard she's a pirate
yeah I think she scratched her cornea
I'll do it just to make you feel better
no I will not do that glad you guys it I
think to be a thought you actually have
to have someone who doesn't really think
that you're all that much dude down
so yeah only be a thought all by
yourself you have to have an acid this
is my believing it went to my concern
all right there you go
motivational if you want motivational
more motivational thoughts um Isaiah go
to this I don't mean you have to have an
asshole everybody has what I mean is you
have to have a friend is actually enough
how about chained you're instagramming I
just gonna plug your Instagram but I
don't like that is my Instagram man yeah
it's a hard to take some of the period
like it's as fast as a human we can my
name is Isaiah Mays and and and it it a
long name and nobody spells it right
everybody spells it wrong or at least
not the way that you spell it when
you're trying
my name so I figured why make everybody
go through this whole big thing to
transpile is they amazing they can just
put a dot maze which is actually how I
signed my name on my fixtures so these
are fine but maybe that's harder maybe
you guys should tell me what I should
put is my name and if you come up with
something better than what I've got
guess what I'll change it I think you
should be IDs without the period because
when you type in a period thank you
sometimes it doesn't work but I maze ima
YS is like a Filipino last name or
Indonesian or something and it's already
taken Filipino I do love Filipino I love
the screaming oh yeah I know a really
good Filipino that you should follow
I don't remember Ramon Ramon is Filipino
nearby Ramon I don't know he's awesome
Ramon works in Vegas and he works here
so he's not always available I can't
always be Ramone Swedish a TI everybody
at this point like Ramon yeah I feel
like we should what we're dropping names
we should mention Randy from the old
American Idol this evening dropped a lot
I think where we got me about it's not
randomness is connecting our waiter here
Cheesecake Factory waiter follow him -
yeah follow our cheesecake factory
waiter he's really cool I don't know
what his name is
I mean for this person it is Eric
yeah oh you know his name now she
already and I say no that's the joke I
anything's wrong with me is that I'm
never jealous
oh no it's cause of everything I
literally did like make fun of every
model he's working with in the past
every single one if I've shot you Trish
doesn't like no I get a little jealousy
on it I just wanted to be my prism
progress when he said love okay I am
through his purpose an open sorry
sometimes she's not sometimes she's not
taking pictures sometimes she's just
curled up in a room making videos and
then I gotta find something to do
oh yeah you guys can use him he's really
good I do love my dad and you should use
them constantly when I use so use me for
pictures don't just use me use them
first
