hi everyone good morning I know did not
and yesterday's vlog about a Phantom of
the Opera but it was so good I was so
tired afterwards I was so tired see the
shows that Pantages started a lot of
shows like theater show starting and so
I go to bed like 8:30 every night so
it's always like a challenge for me to
stay up I mean I love the show was so
good and it was like so exciting that I
wasn't awake during it but then after I
think I was just so tired and we were
looking for an hour ooh BRR which is so
crazy around it right when the show gets
out so anyways I just didn't - blogging
apparently bunny went to pants with the
upper - but I just how by her playbill
she was in New York so it just so
happened we were going on the scene
right but different city but that was
really cool that she went on the same
way we did but yeah so um Anna was so
good it was so good it marked I didn't
even realize this but this is my 20th
phantom shirt which means this is 20th
time I stopped and put the offer which
is crazy
I know I should always keep my tickets
em so I was all I always just get shirts
and bangles from every show I go to well
the main thing - started like about four
or five years ago so if I don't put 20
wagons 20 shirt starting from when I was
nine which means 1997 would have been
that shirt and so yeah I have so many
shirts that kept them because I'm a
hoarder and I was like oh my god I can't
even through the upper 20 times that
literally is probably the most times
I've ever seen a Broadway play I've seen
the producers a dozen time
and so that's like a close one but the
anthem family takes the cake and it was
so good and I'm so obsessive that the
girl who played 15 one pepper heads and
now when the voices within Carlotta
everyone has phenomenal was as a
Christine daa√© II which who wouldn't
you know during the Phantom of the Opera
title song the very last note is read
securely hi it's almost like how is that
even possible
and she just oh my god like chicken how
people have so much I'm like going to
record my recording is your you know I'm
just like because I'm like so
intimidating because like how people
have such action what the whole fabulous
a wonderful talent like your talent like
that like it blows my mind it's a little
something you're born with literally a
gift from God that girl's voice was
amazing and then of course like in the
car and like singing resicert I'm like
do I sound close I'm like I do like so
manager a remake of phantoms no no it's
just such a good musical it's so
beautiful it's such a good musical so
beautiful I think it was my sister's
first time seeing it definitely in playa
but I think she said she saw like bits
and parts of the movies I think it was
her first time like seeing a lot of
people no outs anthem of the upper but
they don't know the story of it so I
feel like you really need to go to the
show just to get like the story of what
it's about because it's an intense show
I mean it's it's intense and it's scary
and it's a long you're not scary but it
was it was just really really good but
now I'm going to record some songs this
is for my second album
third album we have a single so I really
seem like a Halloween single but I'm
gonna probably put out soon but the idea
for remaking this song was to do a
Halloween themed video because it's very
like a scary song like killers and all
that stuff like that it would be really
cool for like Halloween video but now
I'm thinking a song since we're
releasing it as a single and on the
covers album because it's explicit so
like if someone didn't want like was
offended by swearing which I feel like
if you watch our channel you should be
effective I swear but you know if
someone want to buy my album but you
don't want swear songs on it or like
violent songs then this could be like of
a single but the nest thinking like will
YouTube even allow me a post to ask
curse words and violence I kind of know
so I don't even know if I want to like
spend the time and the money just make a
video for it I don't even have a get
like flight as being like inappropriate
or something so I don't know I'm not I'm
not I don't really know lately I've been
leaning towards the more safe than sorry
side of videos whereas like even
lost-and-found where there was a
stripper in the background and we had a
lot of like the good the good bigger
takes because like her butt was like now
you know just a little bit it was like a
little black chick hanging out and I'm
just like oh my god will that get
slightly I'm just so paranoid about that
because I put so much time and effort
into these videos I don't want them to
get play so then like the you know 3m
like it's bleep out the words and I'm
going to talk to my
managers about that piece I don't know I
just make sure it's all done I'll close
sure that yeah so yeah we're going to
record that one and a Michael Jackson
song and I'm really nervous because
every time I think I can take on a song
we go in there and I'm like oh is this a
lot harder than I thought so
I'm really inspired uh by last night's
show and just performances and
entertainment goes so good the only
complaint is that I've you date is the
only only only complaint and have about
it and it may be like this is not even
issued anyone because they're really
good singers and no matter what you look
like
hi every time they've seen Santa I
always had the biggest crush on the
people who play the actors who play Raul
and the Phantom and I mean I just I was
just like the Phantom was and again this
is so materialistic but look I'm not
gonna go on Broadway and play Mimi
Marquez from rent you know the little
like Hispanic skinny stripper you don't
I mean like that's not gonna be my part
you know what I mean or I'm not gonna be
like Jasmine on a Latin or you know I'd
be more like Tracy Turnblad smear spray
like I know my part I would play but he
was definitely like
we're like really short really tiny and
there's a part of the play where he
picks up Christine and Christine was so
tiny but they were like the same size
and it just phantom to me is so well
dried well er I thought playing it
fabulously in the movie a lot of people
kind of gave him shit for fun for not
being like under play oh Michael
Crawford if you will but
I don't know I just feel like the
Phantom needs to be so intimidating
physically it's kind of like a short guy
playing guests on you know what I mean I
know that sounds so bad but like as
actors and in this world of
entertainment like you have to fit the
part
so why I like didn't really get many
roles because I don't fit into you a
character if you well like I'm not sexy
bombshell but then again I don't think
I'm like funny and fat best friend
either I don't know you know didn't mean
like my I just know this from experience
I mean maybe now it's different but when
I was auditioning my agents were like
you know you don't you're not skinny
enough to play high school popular
cheerleader but then at that time I went
there like you're not big enough to play
like almost McCarthy or I'm a Wilson
type so I got it it was kind of like I
was in the middle and I kind of really
fit into anything
and into any role it's like I'm not
really like nerdy looking and I'm not
really like the traditional pretty girl
mean girl so it's it's hard I get the
struggle the struggle is real but you
know I mean this one I definitely could
have seen a funkier phantom or Shore but
yeah I was knowing a plain Raul was good
but he looks like the guy from epic Rap
Battles not the tall one but the short
one that plays all the you know I think
it plays a kooky mean stuff like I don't
know what his name is
I know it's like Lloyd and Peter or
something I don't know which one is
which but I think it's Peter that I'm
thinking of but he look at the epic Rap
Battles down like
look at the valley it takes so long to
get here but I just got got some feeling
good you never feel like amazing when
you have a folding - I can conquer the
world now
I even never usually really bad habit of
like just feeling about pathway because
I get so lazy and I'm in such a rush
when I'm there Macomb he stops us up but
I feel good by myself
but yeah it's not diet McDonald's I got
some juice and water nothing guys it's
my first but I have a Maryland purse in
my seat I'm a passenger seat I love this
purse I got it often Poshmark
not sponsored I was looking for that bag
because on the end of Nicole reality
show you know Nicole carry that bag in
the first season and I was looking all
up for and they have someone eBay but
even I was like oh the sequins are
missing or this is you know torn that
one was like in near-mint condition so I
was like so excited because I got a 500
bucks off the Poshmark which I thought
was super cool and that is an Isabella
Fiore went from the Nordstrom when they
came out with them so it's more it's not
just like a Hollywood Boulevard bank
that has Marilyn on it which aren't cool
- I love those bags but yeah I'm gonna
be good Marilyn you guys know ever since
I saw the Marilyn movie
I'm in a big Marilyn and sorry I did
this I was editing my blog the other day
I held the dog blog I was editing it and
it positive part where's like my chin
was so down I was like oh it made don't
worry it makes me it made me want to
work out so I've been like like at least
exercises that wasn't a Thursday I was
like and it's from an angle like you
guys are down so it isn't up angle so he
knows unflattering but like I was not
into that so anyways um
but I've been loving Marilyn Indiana I
don't know I just
why Oh kind of back to blonde oh they're
just there's something about them to me
I've always been drawn to Hollywood by
Michelle Kwan's I don't know what it is
it's not that I don't think other looks
are attracted that's just what I have
always wanted to be and envision myself
as and I don't think I want to if the
food not just compare something I don't
think that's narcissistic I think it's
like you're looking at someone and
loving their beauty and highly like Anna
Nicole did it with Marilyn Marilyn was
like her that she went to emulate be
Marilyn asked and I think that's me I
mean I want I love Who I am and what I
brings I'm a totally different than a
Marilyn it was an ALS Hollywood star and
an Anna Nicole who was playing a you
know it so I bring my whole other like
spin to it I think because I am
definitely different but I still like to
be a blonde bombshell in my my personal
opinion but I've been really into them
that's why I actually got my salado
nails to be like out of the cold on a on
the Nicole so yeah so I want to practice
a little bit more of my songs and I will
see you guys soon
mmm it's pressure when the videos on
you're walking down a horror corridor
it's almost 4:00 in the morning and
you're Rinna nightmare it's horrible
break there's the core not waiting for
you to turn the corner so he can corner
you're a goner he's on to ya at the
corner of his corner yeah he just saw
you run all you want us to resk us you
can't run anymore you're done all he
wants us to kill you in front of an
audience while everybody is watching in
the party about in it here uh sit while
I'm caught up in deep thought again
contemplating my next plot against
swallow Winnick Ilana pin while I'm not
an in-and-out on the Ottoman at the
Ramada Inn holdin on to the pill bottle
then lick my finger and swirl around the
bottom and make sure I got all up there
wake up naked at McDonald's with blood
all over me dead bodies behind the
counter shit guess I must have just
backed out again not again girl I'm
liking these big chunks you got the last
word
sitting nude in my living room it's
almost new I wonder what's on the tube
maybe they'll show some boob stuff in
every channel until I find Hannah
Montana then I reach for the aloe and
lanolin busts all over the wall panel
and dismantle in every candle on top of
the fireplace mantel and friend my panel
and my Mandana then kiss the naked
mannequin man again you can see him
standing in my front window if you look
in I'm just a hooligan who used to using
hallucinogens cars and illusions again
brain contusions again cut and then
frozen the skin raised your scissors and
pins Jesus when does it end phases that
I'll go through days that I'm so
confused days that I don't know who gave
these now it kills to me what am I going
to hey the prodigal son the diabolical
one very methodical when I flatter them
now you're really killing it
I was like 99 I know but did you report
that one yeah but I did it I felt that I
slurred one a couple of those killed
I cut and I slashed mice and gas last
night what's up last I can't quite
remember when I had that much fun of a
half-pint up a jack my last bike and I
have a flashlight up Kim Kardashian's
ass I remember the first time I
dismembered a family member December I
think it was out what happened drinks
with my cousin i wrapped in me Christmas
by twister minted the stinking table cut
him up into pieces and just right now I
want to drink this but I thought I
oughta trick to step out of the hollaby
but that's what my days of serial murder
manslaughter begun the side of but
excites me that might be an artery son
your blood curdling screams just don't
seem to bother me none it's 3:00 a.m.
and here I come so you should probably
run a secret passageway around here man
that's got to be one oh no that's
probably not he can scream all that he
once top of his lungs but ain't no
stopping me from chopping him up up cuz
it's 3 a.m. in the morning
maybe I just city wok pine leaves such a
long line getting in on a Sunday back
made it feel like a bootleg a couple of
has never been here before some real
ecstatics I love it so I basically my
dear I cannot manipulate the situation
this time we're just gonna figure out if
I was kind of getting Italian so in the
Aryan for I detect an Italian and it's
like bloopers Pepperell as city wok was
the closest so just happen to be that
but we both kinda decide I honestly
gonna hand evens just our inched I like
that I was like oh my god I want to
think like I was like nipple eating it
but end of the day is like he's like
that's just food Bream like capital Tory
is I are going on my body and I want for
my calories why is that I know there's
something worth it
I like the decor in here come on
once again I can picture that because he
was literally trying to force me to eat
these salad I was like hey me rotten so
gross he's like it's really good but I
was just kind of I'm waiting for my
pasta but you have a little bit of
healthy now what is it about salads that
I don't get it so people get salads for
what reason because you've got a meal so
I get her if you're trying like healthy
and just when I eat salad for me but why
do you know that if they're going to eat
like each other like I might you know
like now that it's just to get some
vegetables in them or just to like they
like it both different songs for
different folks right may be reasons why
people do you want to eat it hey I'd
like that be it has so it's like yeah I
get that
and it's so it's pumping something into
you like vitamin
yeah that what did it I don't know I
know nothing about it all the
phytonutrients that there you get from
vegetables and green foliage what I
tried to eat a salad I just have to pee
on I can honestly what it is it's also
especially like when you eat something
Italian the whole in vinegar dressing
there's this setting the palettes and to
hear your taste buds up for something
even spicier you know there's a
cleansing of the palate happening the
salad gets a jump starts
that's what Brenda's for me that's just
my lucky kill Zilla put in the comments
below again this is youtube channel mrs.
Kelsey lies the psycho mrs. Castle I do
I really miss your uploads I kind took
them for granted or I was like oh then
it's always there but I can I miss him
how will we make a return ever I don't
know yeah I'm thought about it was like
I've been so consumed with some other
projects I know right now that
yeah that's even more while you should
be blogging especially art projects that
we work on together I like to be you
know what I like about it like your
first blog wasn't Ben healer which made
us like I like that I was like a do a
lot like I was blogging you or blonde so
I could like go to your eyes and see
what I liked what I wasn't blogging you
know like different perspectives I guess
I you'd like that I don't know I wasn't
expecting the point here sorry i bombard
him the salad use I can't think of I'm
like okay wait let me blog it if I'm
gonna take picture everybody little blog
it but that is gonna be a picture on a
blog
well I should do a picture of it too but
we can't get reception here so I get a
snapshot so I'll take a picture
thank you being on YouTube is like like
you can watch people eat yeah but they
don't like them wait I do I do it's an
hour sort of thing where you have to
sound somewhat chewing and like this
live vibe right away from me they employ
your interests yeah I'm so professional
video titled silent honest well they did
but then they got better I feel like I
ended up liking them towards the end
like really yeah I did that wouldn't be
in the car but like that was a good one
I like your part well there is one where
you're driving like 7-eleven or
something
yeah about God yeah I have something
there
what was the title isn't really a title
is I'm Lewis
my dog yeah yeah see you know for what
it was I I was caught up in the moment
because it was so surreal I really I
didn't
afterwards annotate and it was beyond
that I didn't really understand it
entirely butter in it this is vegan
right green Wow burn yourself so good
this is the experience of so cool thank
you yeah thank you that's a business
that there's a snap where at me for real
I gotta log thing be the nature of what
happened went down when when the call
came in after I
like trying to be like so like you know
charitable and such a nice guy
interrupted it all I can snap me back
