judges then I also got my teeth in I
thought my sister didn't tell me that I
have lipstick on my teeth
hey guys we are on our you be done blog
today you just taught me so I could cut
you out now okay it's the inning Nicole
show and I'm in the coal with Kimmy or
her cousin Shelly it's even ruder no we
are going to reach swatching in the full
show that's why because that's like my
Herald say yeah we are going to
associate really looks like I'm
poisoning to be on cameras like she
taught me do you message any attest to
yourself today
Oh duh we just hit pictures on my fancy
camera I talked about this camera my
favorites before but this camera
honestly is like the best camera ever it
like filters you except I'm really pale
right now so it literally made me look
like a gothic ghost it was like really
funny so yeah but anyways we are going
to cut soo yeah and we're both still
hungry so starving I am sorry so hungry
and my sister might do an outfit of the
day I hope she does she for our camera
my camera but I have mines I'm like
still convinced like I still can I look
really pale compared to you not as
family oh there's the district that why
do I look so whitey or you so tan
because I'm so pale right now I all mmm
go secret one I feel like Marilyn but
next to you I look like Carolyn was pale
as I'm saying in a good way but then I
sit next to you and you like Gisele
Bundchen over here in here I'm like oh
okay I'm Anna Nicole hot mess on saddle
ranch but yeah we're going to see you
yeah we went I got these tickets since I
got wicked doesn't when I got the
tickets out religion I'm the best
cookies ever there yeah the cookies are
bomb this is it raises he he said but
anyways we are about we're just gotten
uber and we're bait okay I'm so excited
Nana champagnes my I got her waiting to
be seen a well and Pantages is like
right across the street I'm gonna
probably just walk over I usually were
but that might be a walking one my
clothes would be in my mommy are you
starving and scabbing very Oh Lamar
really
sissy night out usually accomplished
mission accomplished got our drinks six
dinner chicken teriyaki Elton zucchini
you want to go live already there right
nope
yummy
we're so hungry so we ordered sushi roll
you need to block it when you're right
creme brulee
we just got done gets to use over that
way you're in Hollywood this is
Hollywood my baby
and there's half workers there's the
Pantages and I'm walking I never walk
I'm like this is crazy so and we're
crossing we got Marilyn bag has all my
cameras you can't wear a cute clutch
right because I had oh my god met
Eleanor as I was crossing the crosswalk
she doesn't you - what's your youtube
give a shout out Eleanor Sydney sell it
what do you do on a blog a blog I do
like beauty things and I do like
basically just like kind of my life I
love it so check her out
what is it okay so this is David and
we're producers yeah Hollywood yeah Wow
we're doing we have a new movie coming
up we were on a trip and we want you and
we want you to be in the movie guys I
got discovered
that's a long time
better tonight and then we're coming
back
the butcher's Gretsch cookie
hey Scott de Bercy it's got our souvenir
Cup tradition I got hot chocolate
my sister got treats tree number two
she's into talk about my treat it's like
lets you love some trees free we got I
was even recording man
okay we almost got caught it wasn't
restaurant
