sir addresses that just ah I love having
big boobs for certain dresses just make
your boobs look so like gross and I feel
like that this dress today I don't want
my boobs in it I love this drives and
don't let my boobs in it I feel like a
boob monster and not a good way to day
but that's okay
it's fine it's all good hey guys new day
driving to do a shoot with door 3 which
I'm super excited about door 3 is the
the channel that I used to host um
expert on but we're not exact sport
anymore but that's okay because we
definitely want to do it another show
together so hopefully it'll like work
out but this is just I'm just like
guesting on one of their shows I think
it's called reading my lips so yeah I'm
super excited about that cuz I love dora
three they're really great people really
nice to me really awesome so we're doing
that today and it's early well kind of
early I mean called hymns at 10:00 it's
950 right now so timid to get there I'm
actually okay on time because I'm
looking a little traffic but I'm like
really really really close to where it's
at and it was far from me it was like
it's like an hour so I've been driving
for a little while and my butt hurts but
I had to get up early and Porras your
hair makeup all that stuff so I've been
up pretty early and I had a kind of a
late night last night Oh Shane yes she
wasn't like as late as normal but I know
a Shane SJ and we just watched a bunch
of YouTube videos and just just I love I
love days like that where we just like
selling houses like watch YouTube videos
like all day like I love that house
those kind of days are so fun to me and
honestly like I kind of stopped watching
YouTube videos for a while because like
they're not as fun watching them alone
like once you watch them with somebody
else I don't know if guys watched videos
with other people or do you mostly watch
them alone
I used to always watch youtube videos
alone and I still watch some like
something that like maybe he went like I
watch on my own but like it is funner to
watch the videos with like other people
because it's like your I don't know it's
hard it's a how does a I guess it's like
highlight the comment section cuz I feel
like you guys are all watching the video
together because that's how it is in
like real life where I was like throwing
their comments and their true says like
oh my god like pausing it I would do get
to 50 like I understand
it was really fun so we can just like
Sheldon I was written to him and so long
and so it was Blasi so long I'm like I'm
like probably like three weeks probably
not even that long but um yes that was
really fun so um didn't blog it was you
know I feel like when you like first
like I haven't seen it so long sweet
puzzle even blogging didn't mean I was
feeling like kind of like row so again I
wasn't really cute I don't know not that
I like out and whatever you were talking
I would have liked a little too miles um
yeah not I mean sometimes it I don't
know why I said that but sometimes like
vlogging no you don't want to feel it I
just know I feel like I've been slacking
on blogging you know what it is it's
like overwhelming because right now I
have so much blogging footage at it and
it's like so much and I'm like oh do I
want to blog and have more to add it but
it's like I kind of regret not vlogging
if I don't so yeah um yeah she was a fun
oh god excuse me I've been up what's up
actually really early been having
trouble sleeping for a while now unlike
the night before last night actually
slept the night I loved it but my mom's
also having her surgery tomorrow to
reconstruct her boob from her mastectomy
so I got be up super early for that like
for and know like PI like 3:00 a.m. so
how early would I get up for her when
she actually had a mastectomy so early
morning and I'm I always say I'm a
morning person but like not really like
I do get up at like 7:30 usually but I
like laying in bed for like two hours a
glitch it I don't like start my day to
like 9:30 10 o'clock like on a regular
day but yeah and actually lately I've
been sleeping in more because I've been
pulling my curtains I stood on those
people who never pulled the curtain shut
because maybe out of laziness Boston I
didn't care like usually light doesn't
wake me up but it makes such a
difference to sleep in like when I want
to sleep in I do pull them because is so
dark but I like think it's still
nighttime when I kind of open my eyes I
like go back to sleep right away so yeah
I don't know um so yeah that was just
kind of a rant but we were watching
these vlogs yesterday these like people
are having like car conversations that
was like for videos or like them just
having car conversations I mean I guess
I kind of do that on this channel I
kinda liked it because if you think
about it when you were two sitting in
traffic in your car like you especially
for not in the car with someone like
no one to talk to and I was looking to
music but it's like my music I had only
had I say I only but I I have like oh my
gosh charge the battery pack No
are you kidding oh my gosh I thought
about changing it you do anyways we sit
in traffic but now I can't even talk
anymore just coming on top off oh my
music I have like 500 songs on my iTunes
I don't think it's a lot and I always
feel like I'm like listening to the same
one so I don't know anyways I better
save you just encase I want to blog when
I get there so yeah but no sit down talk
it's okay I'm gonna have to be there in
like six minutes anyway so hopefully get
there quick but I also wanted to catch
you up and check you in
I just got here and it is a good sign
that Marilyn is in the dressing room I
think that is amazing slightly my vibes
my inspiration has been married Marilyn
so I think that's so cool that she's
like in here all around and after I have
posters of people this is pick up room
all I didn't need me because I come here
and makeup ready but I'm getting my
inner Marilyn I feel like I love this
room I just feel like it's so glamorous
so Rita Hayworth that's a Rita I wonder
if she likes Shaw here another Marilyn
Rock Hudson
I love it so excited you ready to shoot
fellas
so are three it's called reading my lips
is the name of the show there's my movie
posters and I might be idea yes but it
looks like
well this pretend my name is on it
Trisha hey stop she's getting so getting
ready to fun
Oh pussy my lips are on point oh yeah
you guys having a Whole Foods
I am in Oh muffled and there are healthy
people here everywhere and I feel like
they're silently judging me and I'm here
only because Shane had an idea for a
video a healthy video
and I already met someone that's that
there were a health freak and they watch
me and I was like and I think they were
surprised to see me here
I also has I seen you here too so
anyways does she what are we in the land
of healthiness some all right point I
was on camera
local papa I had a feeling someone's
watching me I said this is my first time
in a whole food I'm the ghost of hell
literally I said that I like she has
really idea to do a healthy video yeah
cuz you know summer is coming gotta have
our beach bodies in check I mean look at
that beach body though you literally
live 90 pounds right now hopeful about
this camera though so we're just be
nothing but tail and this kelp and
everything I fucking hate I kill Zilla
calm down no I'm excited to try as I
never had anything green know he'll tell
the grossest thing in the
everybody I know it's a rose except for
you you're the one for Andrew you guys
are the only people in the world I hate
it as much as I I think if I were all
friends
yeah bad so let's make something healthy
healthy I honestly feel like I'm being
judged for being fat in this store like
you can't come to hopefully for fall
this is a store for fab you'll because
this is the store that people come to
because we like to tell the other they
get chocolate unlike me that's not gonna
do good chocolate okay
hi guys look there hi guys I'm
instagramming instagramming our gross
vegan haul we just did yeah we um did
not enjoy it
mm-hmm and um I never doing that I guess
it was literally the worst thing ever
but you know what we respect all those
no flavor on all his videos like good
for you for being vegan like close
begins because hate me digging they're
so mean they're literally Trisha Paytas
is bad like because she's not vegan I'm
like there's no educational think
anything it's just the worst it's awful
I can meet vegans well they're mean some
of them are mean but are they're nice
ones yes yes yes there are some nice
ones but so you're so aggressive all
vegans and there's they shove it down
your throat like why aren't you vegan
you have cancer because you're vegan
like my mom had cancer they're like it's
cuz she's not vegan like they're so like
judgmental like I don't know but
probably true I mean the stuff that we
yeah okay I do agree yeah but also the
stuff that I eat is terrible too
I mean it really is yeah it was horrible
literally so bad actually went on a
vegetarian diet because Michael
Jackson's vegetarian I always ate like
pizza and fries opens up with gaining
weight cuz that ended well oh yeah vegan
diet vegan diet
oh you missed the conversation earlier
can we just can just give a shout out
with me so I'm not crazy that I really
do love Carla and Keith can you
acknowledge that they're good yes okay
don't laugh because I love him I always
know I talk about smaller youtubers all
time now saying they're small I'm saying
they could be bigger they deserve more
views and I'm saying that all sincerity
because when you left last night I like
watched so many of their videos I
not you watch literally like every vlog
that she's ever done girl this girl
named what cars I'm just gonna shout out
because I'm not even there's no T or
shakin I actually like her you watch
every vlog like about yeah she like 300
videos I probably watched 100 of them
and I'm not exaggerating and Keith and I
love them and I tweeted Keith when I
came arey - oh wow every video yeah she
introduced me to them
we found them cut a strawberry so thank
you strong and I'm not saying I know
that I'm so sarcastic when saying if I
swear to God I really do like them so I
mean I look I like which is probably
people like you I like vlogs that people
just living a life because then I don't
have to live mine yep so ashamed just
labs and I just got the most amazing
gift ever it was so so sweet and I'm
just hitting into dress time because my
mom and I ranch dinner so I don't only
thing I was wearing was like for a video
it was kind of like like a rap thing son
so I'm putting on a dress right now um
but um this is came yeah it's so what
was I like congratulations I was like
this for me like it they buzzed up and I
like this is weird
and then congratulations like he got the
door I'm like just me like what he's
like chipiya smells like yeah it was so
weird but no it's gorgeous
it is this fruit basket and it's from
why I literally just put the card out
because um my address on but it's from
small Sciences I had dinner with the
girls it smile smile science is like a
couple weeks ago and when the cars had
Congrats on your music video it was so
sweet I was like I love getting little
stuff like that this is not little
attitude
I love getting stuff like this like
Brandon Lee in the week so thank you so
much smile sciences I think it's so cute
there's a little fruit in there it looks
like a little birthday cake like old
fake went down there but I'm so say so I
have really great news you guys that I'm
going to be sharing with you guys
literally the greatest biggest news ever
then when I be able to show you guys
shooting around later but PI like a
month and it's I'm just so excited right
now so I'm going to go out there my
mom's like Stella pray and eat chips and
salsa and I know she and I are in a
really good place in our friendship
which makes me feel so good because like
working on friendships and stuff it
means so much to me because like
so long we even talk about the state
like we high like this not surface level
of friendship for like friendship like a
friendship you hang out you have fun
try not to get too deep talk what's up
but don't get too deep but like we've
literally been able to get deep get real
like the realest shit and I and I really
I really feel like fortunate because he
knows so much about me he's seen me at
my absolute worst I honestly don't think
besides my family like I really don't
think anyone else except like guys I
dated like has seen me terrible and
still been like okay Josh I'm gonna
stick with you need to work on this but
and work on you and well obviously he
has like stuff he was working on himself
but I do have to work at myself in so I
really you know I've learned a lot these
past couple weeks and I really
appreciate Shane being there and my mom
and so yeah I'm really excited but it's
not like this thing is I'm in a really
good stage right now really good things
are happening really amazing things I'm
happy in life um and I'm just I don't
like things are gonna be good things are
gonna be great and this little basket
just hold cheer me up so thank you
Deana and on Andra at smile Sciences
this means so much and I love it in the
whole smile sciences team they're
amazing they're awesome and they totally
have to do this like there's nothing
there's awesome I'd like worked with
them before there's awesome nice people
and I'm really really appreciate that so
anyways I'm gonna finish fastening my
dress and I'll see you guys shortly
nothing else I gotta get out mommy help
me pineapple in there I'm goofy with you
today I was playing in my favorite game
pretty she's pretty and I'm next to go
jazz most any surgery tomorrow studying
hmm so nice just wrapping this up run
another get some no I gotta get
everything in a couple hours
Oh Oh what are you guys up Kenna laughs
yeah oh yeah we ours
what happened to be e what have you made
at midnight how I guess you could puke
up um all right you want to eat I don't
even think about that yeah
I mean great
figure out my tomorrow
it's out there
I'm like why are they so tiny and what
do you think
mommy so smart what was that just
watching wipeout
you have leukemia
Thanks
do a little dancing the delicate longer
stands like your blooming
mom right now being like mom dad I'm
there to do it on snapchat don't you
worry my fishy
so crazy I love I love this El Torito
it looks so good tonight
well games happening
I can get more my mommy Oh what so cool
merry little mommy I can't decision to
me in the cold here we go where's the
fury ain't vote not um we have it here's
the butter is my favorite day ever this
mommy right here she's so cold if you
just want to picture move by the boat I
love her try to surgery tomorrow so you
guys will see this later but you
probably pay for every recovery you all
right upon you my song little mommy love
her love you and I gotta go warm her up
with a party returned as though let's go
ah this rug ha Oh what up I'm taking
another bath huh no I was doing a scare
break fail oh that was a fail this is no
cute my mom well this won't go out for a
few weeks because member but my mom if I
have her Boulevard trip this is the QC
remember yeah I'm gonna look at mine oh
my god
so this we're gonna put this what do you
think my sing it oh you Ring Ding me I
think well we couldn't your mom's okay
with there her with her little look at
the little glasses it's just two and now
they have the bar lights up her
girlfriend she noticed laughs I'm not
going there just push back there and
there's balls and I got have to light
them I just thought up with the illusion
Oh team what do you think that was for
mother uh her I should work so fun
