they're just raining out pouring and
emitting my hair down before I go be
gritty and I look like a giant sprays
did today
I love these Lots that they're right
while stocks go toward and I love them
but I don't think you should wear them
together because I feel like it makes me
look a little who dressed up it makes me
pull out but like a vegetable I don't
know if you guys can see that but Trish
the vegetables that this meant um
steamer it's done cause I'm gonna get my
blonde back gray was fun but video
shoots over time to get back to Trish
badly hey guys so I just kind of got my
hair colored um I'm going to record and
I'm in Hollywood um but yeah I don't
know I got kind of sad I saw something
on Twitter that made me sad for my
friends but that's okay it's fine I
guess you just get in those I don't know
you know
you feel like friends always have your
back and I just feel like I don't know
and so oversensitive I don't know I just
get really close with people and then
people always disappoint me always I
don't know I don't really get into it
cuz it's not even anything worth getting
sad about say you know is a good day and
I'm gonna record like many songs and my
videos doing while lost in found music
the guys doing well and you know it's a
good day I just I get sent I don't know
maybe I'm you like medication I just get
like randomly sad sometimes and I don't
know like I said sometimes I have good
friends that I just think will always be
there for me and as always what I might
me like no I just know what this
particular friend I would do anything to
make him happy and but I think I just
have really bad relationships with
friend's boyfriend I just have really I
just it's hard for me to hold
relationships and again I don't blame
other people like I know if everyone
else is the problem then you're probably
but like if everyone else around you is
doing something wrong you're probably
the problem but I just have a hard time
keeping any sort of relationships like I
said friendships boyfriends anything
it's just hard and I don't know and
that's something I have to look inside
myself because I just I don't know so
I'm reading I'm thinking about my life
thinking about me and my choices I make
and I know I have issues I know I have
anger management issues which I think
it's the demise a lot of my friendships
relationships I
I get angry really easily the other
thing that you I don't get angry easily
but when I do get angry I get so hurt
that my initial reaction is to hurt
someone else back I always feel like
it's Mona it's me I'm gonna write them
back and I know I know everyone's like
low jabs you know the low blows and I
take them and that's you know I don't
sometimes I can't blame other people for
not wanting to be my friend anymore like
I push people away and that's also
something I do and I realize that I
recognize it but I can't stop doing it
and the sense one guy's yapping on
allies stick with him because I've been
crazy to him and mean and not deserve
being of him to be in my life and he
sticks around so it's like well you know
I think that with my family I'm not the
nicest I haven't always been the nicest
to my family and I try and make up for
it now but I just I feel so I feel I
feel what I mean I feel everything so
deeply I feel loved so deeply I feel
hurt so deeply I feel betrayal so deep
they just feel it all so much that you
know I'm I guess it just makes me over
emotional overly sensitive and and I
feeling it again I just I guess there's
a feeling of betrayal and abandonment
that I feel a lot and now I'm having
therapy with you guys I don't know where
all this all came from but anyways I'm
in Hollywood secret of the opera signs
right there it goes
this weekend with my sister but yeah I'm
not that I can see in talked to you guys
I felt you'd see it stalking out with
someone because I just Nicki feeling and
I don't want text him because you know
this friend it's like it's a good person
and I I think I treated them shitty and
you know it's I'm just gonna like let it
go because so I just you know it's just
one of those things where I just like I
hate that we have to hurt each other
just people in general human beings like
why don't we have to hurt each other oh
and I and I'm not saying I'm perfectly
there it's just like that's all and I
don't like humans hurting other humans
it's crowded here today
you know I guess bottom line is this
it's words hurt and you have to choose
your words wisely especially in the time
of anger or frustration hurtfulness I
can't express I'm not good at expressing
myself believe it or not I'm not gonna
expressing myself and um yeah maybe I'm
just a really selfish person maybe I
like to be alone maybe I think I deserve
to be alone um I don't know who knows I
just feel like it's not normal to have
like you have no friends you know it's
it's not normal it's not normal to be
able to not keep friendships and
relationships and I had worked so hard
with my family to have relationships
with them I wrote them off so easily uh
everything one of my father's I ever
enough and and they a name stayed with
me cuz I'll tell you what I think if it
happened to me the way I treated my
family sometimes I think I would have
never talked to them ice up me again and
family just cuz they're family doesn't
really have to stick by either
everything so my name Lee is very
awesome to stick by me through my
craziness and maybe that's what I needed
a friend and um a relationship but you
know I can't expect someone to be like
that that's not my own family but when
it comes out to it I feel like I'm such
a loyal person to my friends and my
loved ones that it's like when I feel
like they're not loyal to me I feel like
so hurt because I'm I give everything to
the people I do love and I just give
everything for them and it just it hurts
when maybe they don't they wouldn't be
the same way and that's okay because I
give everything I have to people and
probably way too much of it like and I
shouldn't do that but that can't but
that's just how I feel but I need to get
myself together because I'm like I'm not
late I'm actually really early but I
need to get myself together and get this
song done because for record
a song I wrote lust and it's all about
being a lustful little biatch gotta get
this whole mindset out I wish I was
recording there you go because um that
song it's so fucking emotional and I'm
relating to it so much right now so
okay so we just finished and fell we
found this new place courtesy of Cal's
recommendation that's called palms
sometimes Buddha had some had time you
know Cheney pride arises on and
apparently Elvis used to play there like
an Asian Elvis so yeah we just finish up
dinner that I show you cuz we're eating
somewhere new how did you find this
place back in the day when I lived here
you hear about the best places you know
this is one of the better
it's been tight places around you can't
I was like white me in there like a lot
of time fate it's not like that I'm one
of the scientists always right girls
helping me through mini crisis in my
life right now and he's let me take the
high road yeah it's always manage all
you know his best advice though it's
good advice is I just leave it alone and
let it go let it go and like it all work
out like the way it's supposed to do
people inspirational quote I feel like
our energies are both low today I don't
think you have it's not the weather yeah
I think it's the weather 3d Blue Beam
nice cool place got my own riders kick
you know literally Oh crazy they're like
this place is cool what what is it
something like what Hollywood this is
hot pocket right here I mean two blocks
that way is Hollywood by then but I'm
often in bobbin look like a hobbit right
now I know he's not but it's like a
weird time like 4:30 on her Tuesday
let's go here are you gonna be hungry
later like what you eat dinner later
this is such a weird for me because I
always think I'm gonna be hungry later
but I don't want to yeah maybe but you
know sometimes you just go and you're
hungry you know to me having to force
yourself I don't know what's deep you
know I mean it sucks anyway we starving
and I don't want to eat like that lady
well are you just suffer cross to bear
fortune what I try to do I turn to eat
the whole thing this is like dinner
right now to you because you woke up
this morning you know they do make a
snack
okay I know I'm scared that Bobbi old
sleeps me I'm doing this new like weight
management is my new weight management
so I'm trying not to restrict myself but
eat like maybe half of what I normally
would like portion control is good
I'm chickened out yeah me too chicken
down what is he a dick very very tasty
yeah so them sure thank you
