hey guys happy Monday traveling with
this little one right here my mommy is
my mother I feel like I'm Marilyn now so
I'm Branson my mama like crazy mother
you don't mean that
this is our talking like go make the
rounds I'm still so tense I told you
guys about this last game self just met
Marilyn movie like I feel like I'm
Marilyn now I'm like oh my god I feel
like I hear voices in my head it's so
crazy I love my mom's not quite as crazy
but I like to pretend that that is in my
own head but I have my little clutch day
Marilyn had a nude question I have glue
a little food clutch today but we are
going to the mom South Coast Plaza got
me she got me I'm McDonald coffee this
morning that was so sweet of her I love
these these things are everything
thank you for that mama
Kalli we're picking my sister up
apparently I got it I got it wait that's
my ringtone my mom has four text
messages I was like oh my gosh so we're
doing that my mom's getting her nails
done tomorrow okay it's like I'm in that
weird stage where I feel like I do need
my nails done but I just can't tomorrow
so I don't know I gotta figure that out
I want to get me on orange nails because
the cover of my album is going to be
neon orange I want neon orange peels so
I don't know maybe I'll do that but my
mom's at her surgeries this week are you
blogging are you walking this week are
you making videos this week I am get
some of those up so I'm so busy we got
her
Oh what about your aspiration of lamb Oh
what is wait it's a colonoscopy to clean
you out
that's cystic building you're good to
see you
of your butt why would they think you
have it down there everybody's post over
5000 once it when I've never had one so
once and 50 then every five years I
think something
I didn't know that's what you didn't
really understand it I thought maybe
they were just trying to like clean you
out before your surgery I don't know
like oh no you have to go be with us oh
my god oh my god well so anyways you
guys watch my mom's channel for more
that because I get my knee so thick to
hear more about it oh my I'm so queasy
when it comes to stuff like that
but Amy is scratch-off flying around
people
so dirty I see I'm gonna go get my
Versace shoes I hope they still have
long I've been one of these shoes since
my birthday in Vegas they're the most
beautiful shoes
Versace text me when new things come in
and this girl's like look at what we got
in and it's like so like feeding my
addiction but we're gonna eat first but
so hungry but I'm starting trying to hot
pink
oh my hugs hugs I don't like blue
oh my abs this is the cousin Midwest
girl you can take the girl the middle
why don't you take the middle a styler
girl my mom like I'm gonna get Versace
heels my was like I'm gonna get that was
like okay Brando and can't be cheap
foods been happy seeing those boots were
a hit by the way everyone loves the
boots and my Instagram pictures like
where'd you get those boots from the
shoe from the lost-and-found the boots
are the boots are amazing although for
me they make my legs look very stubby
although maybe because I have stubby
legs I thought they'd put me off a
little bit but they were comfortable and
my mom was a lifesaver for that one so
anyways my contribution to the video
thanks mom
when I was amazing at the cute little
she's like 50 slaps bun please review
nest again I got my comforts on them oh
my gosh and my mom said she met someone
from Baywatch and she said his name was
Ed and we've been searching you guys
know let us know was there ever an e d
on Baywatch baby's character name or
real name
we tried our jean we can't even find
anyone like I was like that guy like
just made it up
I didn't good day like that Shabazz was
that guy named Ashoka she not the
younger here that was about Shiva one is
that the one narrative of work
he was on Fayette watch her husband the
youngest I just like him Jeremy Jordan I
think was the young one midget son no
this guy was like wow oh I know yeah
yeah Shabbas or something something I
know I know you're talking about like
him so I made out it was but yeah let us
know
are you sure think that that's what I
had to figure out are you sure dad I'm
not sure but that's what my picked up on
oh my gosh okay well if you guys nobody
let us know and where did you meet them
I'm just random hermos okay so if
there's an Edinburgh roast that was on
Baywatch I'm thinking he probably just
an extra was like oh yeah somebody watch
hey I'm on a family jig oh yeah some
modern family is on that show looked me
up and then like you would well you
would actually find Eevee type interest
of our family you would actually buy me
so something fishy about it but we have
fish I'm so hungry
it looks like you're gonna get calories
fish isn't it oh I'm not you I can't oh
I love that my creature looks like this
good
yummy I need some squid in my body it's
as good as I woke up Marius was that a
fish see selfish
you're a sea creature squid see that
giant squid movie like huge that's what
you watch
why is that what a giant wedding I don't
need to sweat well alright he was the
octopus thing I don't eat that thing
that looks like an octopus I talk about
that thing they're like gross with
anything that I don't yeah I don't we
fast I know but this good I love me some
sweat I'm a machine
what that's gross and yeah me I'm so
excited
Mary we'll see you guys at the mom oh
yeah they close already talked about
this 500 times they they close the one
at Beverly Center I'm like still upset
about it but hopefully this one's open
I'm so heartbroken if this was close
the only good time
no it's like a woman it's a little clock
now
that movie looks scary yeah
somebody said it was good and walked
down the Texas Chainsaw ask you really
okay we are also like nine and we're
going to go see that I'm going to leave
no when that guy put this salt oh yeah I
think that's time we loved okay let me
be my mom's answering service now guys
got our favorite Omari and some wine I
have my sister to eat this with me and
drink with me
this one over here just being skinny and
not doing anything can I show you with
your food find out we see Kelly we
haven't seen her in forever she's moved
to Orange County so she's a Warren
County housewife now showing my her
things that she might beginning where oh
yeah good where so she's she picked out
the wine what is this deftly
yeah she's eating today always give him
off ah so you so much better when people
move away just become a lot more nicer
to each other guys it's fine it's fine
get meeting before it's but I'm eating
well and career and I was like yeah now
we're just lunching girls who lunch are
you getting anything moms getting pink
dogs I'm getting pink for Sachi I'm
gonna look like I'm just here for the
party just for the party and food and
the food employment all right so I'm
gonna eat this delicious calamari so
excited and see you guys in our
adventure all right guys this is very
exciting
our waiter just told us that he knew me
from my blogs girl came in here because
I recommend a Capital Grille and that
was really cool and so they got us these
lollipops lamb chops is that one
lollipop Liam yeah really good if it's
right
really I was so cute and involve Tommy
he's like we told the chef that you love
this tastes like a monk and it's so cool
cuz I really do and I'm so glad you guys
came in here this is my favorite so you
guys have to try capital girl Oh
drippy drippy I mean it looked cool
though it was all for the vlog but yeah
it's so cool as like oh my god he says a
girl came in here with her parents and
that's so awesome is you know like
becoming with Gigi I was like oh it felt
so cool so this is our favorite it's our
all new babe and this is just a little
cherry on top with a little lollipop
lamb chop and Kelly's like after the cub
are sick oh I'm full but I'm like give
him you'll coming to the Onaga school
yeah look Alex Ali's like I'm with the
youtubers again remember today I wanted
to have more cable and the girl said oh
my god like love you in church and I was
like and I was so mean but that's what
she's on my blogs you guys are always
like kids although sometimes you think
I'm a bitch to get because you know what
table I'm sorry but you suck except for
the girl that loves us you're awesome
but it's not your it's McIntyre yeah
it's just he takes up more than I bring
to you by the way I asked my sister's to
come back to YouTube and she said maybe
so you guys should go subscribe to
rocker Barbie and maybe she gets 20,000
skyper she'll want to do have more right
yeah yeah would you do it more ash or
work okay so go subscribe you're looking
for you guys oh my god can you show the
thing that you passed yeah I should just
do it again
she could this really have to show you a
program Bob that we got to the chef
wasn't today's high up right here to
never have lamb oh you put on insta kill
yeah oh it looks so you dude she is like
a benefactor just like you maybe like a
little housewife I know well she did
she's gonna do a video maybe on it so
you might have to throw once again Kelly
where's your camera look at her she
chooses something wrong okay that's not
a camera that's a phone that makes you
guys all just got our food like it was
better than that they don't have it on
their lunch menu but you can ask for it
Tom Trish says you can get out lunch
around play salad this is so good this
is a flourless chocolate cake and this
it's a little cheesy but Mr pork in hand
Morgan a shout out
down we love temperature this is so good
they can get to birthday platters okay
so yeah yeah right this is a new like
recipe they have it's actually like the
best dessert like ever so good and Sonia
by the way this bruise my mom pushed out
is from my last phone video the not
domestic here looks crazy a tree fix it
fell a little bit but if you are an
investor on a piece of relationship but
uh one thing teen mom always said what
is it like because the Myanmar is
response so it's not funny but if you
are love is respect
okay amber Granville no okay so I just
was a poor carried out for amber because
amber is the reason she was the
perpetrator and he was the violator
she was the violator I don't know okay I
know miss you're so funny
yes like precious yeah I got it don't
worry I got her original fees this one
right here she's so funny no more
yeah do the crew know that's gone now
Kim Possible oh they made possible such
an impossible there are really little
tunes that day oh yes
compared to that oh I know
and you know my passcode you look mine
this below
she stole my passcode I know in your
hand okay well there's a lot happening
right now
a little green thing I'll show you new
presence ignorance we're separating a
little champagne there's no nice here
I got a wallet the purse and tributes
can't wait to show you guys Nepal
we're checking it over there oh she come
it was cute I love these I'm moment a
seam line between these two tears it
fears high so you can talk to us plaza
each other
unlock doors they got gold access to the
access private lounge so we're not a
little bro I mean we all got blunts you
had to beg so it's a toast to that I got
woke up Chino you know like the almonds
not I live all alone Suresh napping I'm
on snapchat which on YT I was there I
look shiny don't weep a little cookie
put my little escape no okay this is a
first for us while shopping well not I
mean I've been here I'm sweaty them with
coop working outs and or shopping so
exercise done it's gonna watch a little
judge you you would ever want a TV right
now
South Coast Plaza thank you - who is the
guy yet Johnny Capital Grille boo who
was the guy at Saint Laurent with his
name John - he had it in the San Juan
yeah captain what cuz he will help you -
so it's been my cookie in my jaggery his
name was Andy when my mom just looked at
these mom
