alright guys so we just finished the
second original song and I think it's
fuga what you think allowed to do here
you didn't have your headphones on
you're asking me of course I heard it
was amazingly and nodded contra yeah
some of the other ones that we're
getting back are it's just like off the
charts
they're pretty bomb they're so catchy
you're so freaking talented and I'm not
just saying that you know that what you
how you heard my enthusiasm this morning
I know he was really excited about the
third one we're doing he's really
excited about that one so anyways we
made it as he's sketching such as my
glasses off I got a foot off okay is
that Mel Gibson or kale so enemies we
just finished it
I'm so tired actually I'm so we have a
day off now before record again and I'm
so tired but that's okay get some energy
refill and yes you
yes very well
Cal likes to tell it when I'm famous
like no I'm not because they're gonna
look at me like nobody else at this
college it's like honey boo boo all
grown up we pull it out and people get
like no it looks like it'll get a mirror
like it's prefer sheep I decided cuz I'd
like oh look at my leggings look at this
like I'm like em pretend like I'm
looking at myself so when they leave you
I can like start vlogging but then he
pointed out my nicely good you think
that doesn't look like you're conceited
like oh look either look like I'm
conceited then filming like oh your your
your job important is to tell has since
stopped blogging which makes me really
sad you never form by the time this
comes out who knows what volume everyday
make it right okay I've already blocked
30 more times more like we should
talking about he's been lucky this is
chaos idea to switch it up we usually go
to Cafe 101 but now we are in the mouth
they shoot anything here do we know any
famous movies again look you think
you're American Graffiti or was that not
here and they just like make it look
like that because there's a lot of
American Graffiti stuff around here oh
really yeah um no you know
one I'd be announcing value that has not
come up it's like anything like it so
look I feel like this one I'm talking
about particular which would have come
up anyway
right so nothing that I know of
you know everything though you're like
our historical fact checker what I do
know is the most important thing is
I love that I don't know anything what's
thinking before where you're like well
there's something so inside police that
has like that's a good blog just set it
like five minutes ago like five two
minutes ago you're like and made me that
I don't care
something like oh yeah I don't care and
also like the freedom and then not
caring that's probably what matters I
don't know he's being variance
philosophical insightful undertaking me
he has good energy today so I thought
I'd blog him because his energy coming
from him is positive love so I'm
blogging so we can share something that
with you guys
ah the aura don't worry I'm you good you
look like Bradley Cooper today with the
sunglasses and the jeans and the thing
yeah and these are the gun only are
those the Bradley Cooper glasses that we
pick out a come on oh yeah that's how
you go by county what Becca I'm yeah
yes he did in the hangover okay I was
with him in he picked out and I picked
him out for that reason he's talking
about that girl spot not a paying part
of me I'm looking at the toilets
g-god badonkadonk on here now in traffic
what's your name Jimmy yeah okay can you
do a lot of session work yeah oh I know
you are really big musicians in
ourselves oh I see I see
you also write do a so what do you also
write yeah Oh kinda but more as a hobby
not really making money off of that are
you in the horses into horses yeah um I
don't know why that's a random question
I'm not really I mean I don't I don't
never wrote them oh oh man all of my
clients in Tennessee they all right yes
you're saying that you were trying to
single with me uh I'm gonna anchor I'm
in a relationship kind of but it's not
um not like serious I don't know I don't
even know if she considered I made a
someone but it's not like serious is
that right yeah
you're able to have friends with no
problem yeah well yeah I mean I yeah of
course
okay okay I'm just trying to find out
yeah I was willing to come down there
and hang out with you yeah maybe what
just figure it out ah maybe we'll figure
it out you gonna get down there um no I
don't really perform Y that often no you
just do a lot of studio session work
yeah oh okay yeah
shit you know I want you to send your
cakes and we don't take your allegiance
on X horses okay I'll see what I can do
I know you're fine in Hawaii oh thank
you get over there girls good thanks I
appreciate it I look a little like a
mess today but thank you okay bye oh my
god I do you know honestly why am I so
nice to people okay honestly okay oh my
god are you kidding me
okay so this guy like okay so I've been
sitting in traffic on Highland which is
the worst place it must be something
have an tappable he would not leave me
alone like he was actually kind of
scaring me like he is kept honking and
hollering I got as a sign on pole gun on
me something okay I'm just gonna like be
polite give him my phone number but now
I'm like really scared because I feel
like I feel like he's gonna like put me
on blast or something it scares me huh
that's such the problem with being
female like I asked my male friends all
the time it's happened to them and they
say never it's like I'm so annoyed that
I am female that I have a vagina because
I have to always be scared I'm always
scared I mean he was nice but holy shit
and calls me on to me like ah I just
gonna be like a boyfriend
but I can't like go out with anyone else
yeah it's flattering you know but at the
same time it's like foreign traffic dude
like I just I can't be bothered
um I tell you the perks the downside of
being gorgeous I'm kidding
oh by the way they thought I looked nice
and when I look terrible but there's
only wood traffic though Oh
oh my god I moved literally like two
feet in like 40 minutes not even
exaggerating at all I need to get gas
and had a long way to go home
doing 101 and the for vibe which are two
of these new busiest busiest freeways
highways in California and at 7:30 on
Sunday I'm a fuel level is low and
there's like no gas stations on the way
so stressful
