hey guys I'm up so early on a Saturday I
am at 3rd Street dance and I'm getting
ready for my first dance lesson for a
Aram Bob and my shirt says you can't
afford me um damn up so early you might
lesson start some like I'm not used to
this Apple watch yet my lessons dad it's
that wait it says you're supposed to
just move your wrist up wrist up
why does does not turn on turn on okay
that's not working on me this look at
this there we go
9:32 and my lessons at time so I'm here
early for once um but I just and so
excited you guys will see what this is
for this is more okay I won't say but
I'm really excited I need some exercise
I need to exercise my body um I just got
my first song off my new EP bag and it
is so good and this might be a sneak
peek but I might already be out but yeah
I'm so excited about it it's so good we
finished it yesterday
okay that's all you're getting so you're
getting because it's on iTunes maybe
it's on iTunes now probably time you see
this it's on iTunes I'm so buying again
on my blogs I'm so behind on this
channel I'm so sorry I know a lot of
people like are annoyed with it but at
this point just expect a vlogs to be two
weeks in delay because I mean it posed
every other day so it's just I have so
much footage I go through and like I
edit that plus I edit my main channel
every day and it's a lot like I don't
know anyone I'm trying to think who else
post daily videos on two channels every
single day I don't know and if they do a
lot of homes they have helpers and
editors and I don't have any of that so
I'm sorry if you guys don't like a time
to watch this to know that these are
gonna be on d'lai but for those of you
who do appreciate it thank you I tried
and work really hard for you guys and on
top of everything else I'm doing and
there's gonna be a bunch of music videos
this summer so I'm not getting all those
around and make you somebody notes in my
head but yeah I'm super excited for this
I guess I can kind of tell you a little
bit it's kind of just a pet project for
me what I'm doing today but I'm really
excited I'm doing two hours of dance
which is a lot like I don't even know if
I'd my body can go for two hours so
we're gonna try that out but yeah we'll
see how it goes
and then I'm recording right after this
again I'm happy so I'm gonna be the
recording studio for probably this whole
month like I'm recording so many songs
and I love it I have so much fun like
afterwards I have all this energy like I
get so excited I get so pumped I can't
wait for people to hear it so yeah I
don't know I think you guys are being on
this journey with me it's just like
really fun this summer is going to be a
busy summer and I wouldn't have it any
other way so anyways I'm gonna go and
check it out if you want my dance
partner I'm so excited I'll please a
cutie patootie oh god I haven't sold and
I said that mmm like Rosie O'Donnell Oh
anyway so I'm gonna do that and that's
the play it's a Saturday work work work
we meet interests yeah
yeah I just got in here so I don't know
please watch your stuff I tripped over
that door
so professional
these lectures that I took
so way to be in here sucks I'm so
nervous talking like a dancer but I feel
like they blossom I begin seeing over
the years like me dance mojos see how it
goes it's barely sitting over there yeah
see the hole
animators spin back in this way
