we're just too good for you why because
we're
you
okay I can porting vlogmas stage 12:39
losing cabin days i am still sick so i
ended the vlog yesterday i like three
again and i could feel myself getting
sick so I cancelled my day to day and
tomorrow to rest but also to go out to
the doctor and get medicine because I
definitely not want to get worse now I
know their little people have sympathy
for me I don't have sympathy for me
because I totally did wear revealing
outfit that wasn't kept warm in the
winter time big not really off with him
like a slut shaming like oh my god I
should have worn revealing outfits and
that's why I got sick more like it was
freezing cold out trashy don't wear your
midriff out in the freezing cold so I'm
not looking for sympathy I don't need
some did the energy for myself I was a
dumbass that's it so it sucks because I
was supposed to do my filming I sound
crazy could you read it might sound like
this all the time um I was supposed to
not only fill my own stuff today which I
actually scheduled a few people to be a
part of because I wanted to do like
reality show style but I also was
supposed to do a collab later today was
something I really loved and I kind of
feel bad because it canceled on her
before but I love her so much I know
she'll understand it's just at the end
of the day I don't want to get other
people sick like could I like force
myself to do stuff yes I definitely
couldn't have done the video I wanted to
do today which involves singing we all
know I'm not already a great singer so
like if I maybe try to seem like it just
it wouldn't have worked it would have
been really bad and I spent all this
money on the Karen makeup costumes you
know videographers people to be in the
video and stuff so I'm gonna go to
Urgent Care I just posted some Trader
Joe's and Ralph's cousin iam hungry
leave it to me to be sick and still have
an amazing appetite um so I'm gonna go
out to Urgent Care I'm also gonna try to
run a few errands I'm just gonna bundle
up because I don't feel like sick like I
need to be in bed and sleep it's just I
feel like it I'm almost positive it's a
strux I just can't really swallow or
breathe really so I think it's like
congestion strapped in also so I'm gonna
try and take it easy these next couple
days and kind of just rest I guess I'm
gonna run a few errands today
and then like even tomorrow I'm gonna
see how I feel maybe hopefully like get
some more stuff done that I need to get
done it's good though like I said
usually when you get sick it's like I
look at it this way I feel like it's a
God's Way of telling you like okay slow
down you need a day for yourself you
need a break for a minute um I've been
kind of pushing myself a lot and like I
would've kept going honestly like last
night I was confirming my eyes like even
so glassy and glassy even last night I
was like confirming people I can't
makeup and this other person I was gonna
go visit for my video today and so it
kind of sucked I'd be like this morning
I came really sick everyone so far as
understood I know I like I get
disappointed when people cancel stuff
especially where there's it but like
when you're sick you just need that day
to yourself and also I feel like it is
better than getting other peoples sick
so like I said I want to go out for like
a little bit today but try not to be
around people or breathing on people I'm
gonna go to the doctor first I have my
mates coming to clean today so I gotta
get out of the house anyways so I'm
gonna go to the urgent care first and
then hopefully get some meds right away
and me to have it start working I had a
really bad sore throat like this this
summer too so it feels kind of the same
to me I don't know what it is I just
know it sucks that's what I know
okay so that's my day-to-day I look like
I'm bald cuz my hair looks so crazy I
guess I washy a Shea and just went about
with it wet so I look like a mess um I
ordered not so much fun food but I'll
show you guys what I got
yes I don't know well this vlog is gonna
be except for me being sick so enjoy a
sick day vlog obviously it's just
logging you guys aren't getting sick as
you predicted by computer screen
okay so the first round of groceries
have arrived from Ralph this is not that
exciting because we were out a lot of
stuff that I wanted I got buttermilk
waffles because I was craving waffle
this morning I've got one Oh literally
not exciting we have waffles and syrup
from or else so there's that
hopefully the chatterjee folks will be
more exciting but maybe not we don't
know what the post weights will bring
always a surprise and so I'm covering a
few of this but I wanted to show you
guys this letter from Saint Francis of
Rome for the donation
I made um on behalf of the I Love You
Jesus music video announcement sales and
I want to share it with you all because
you guys watching the video and buying
the song obviously you know went to it I
covered up my address and also the
amount not because the amounts I'm
impressive but I don't know that the
rules of YouTube consider it like
showing like how much you make per video
or like how much a video has made so I
just want to cover that up just so I
didn't get in trouble but I love this
little quote because God tells in 2
Corinthians 9:7 each one must give as he
has decided in his heart not reluctantly
or under compulsion for God loves a
cheerful Giver so I wanted to thank you
guys and share this with you because you
guys obviously watching the video and
buying it on iTunes donated so we all
know that the donation together I
thought was really cool and really
special so I want to share that with you
guys these were also the two books that
I was reading in the airport yesterday I
picked them up at the airport this is
Pope Francis book happiness in this life
I just started I just started the
beginning of this and it's really good I
also want to start weakness and I
started beginning of books to kind of
gauge where the book is going and like
what I need to leave right now most in
life this is blessing the darkness how
all things are working for your good
these are both amazing positive books of
how to be happy but this one is more
like feel-good this one is warm I guess
religious like obviously Joel Osteen is
you know a religious preacher and
speaker but this is more like feel good
it feel great which is awesome this is a
lot of feel good and feel great too but
it has more religious themes undertone
today I actually really like them both I
don't know which one I'm going to finish
or start first I'll probably go with
Joel Osteen this is definitely probably
more of the general public vote for the
best of like you know not
'national just like feel good why my
life is going good and how to appreciate
the things in life more
I love the cool on the back of this one
that says the human heart aspires to
great things lofty values deep
friendships ties that are strengthened
by the trials of life rather than broken
by them people long to love and to be
loved in return
love is our clearest and deepest
aspiration to love and be loved and then
this one is when we think about what it
means to be blessed most of the time we
think of good things that have happened
to us but what about when we go through
really difficult times
where are the blessings when we go
through things we don't understand as
easy gets to courage give up on dreams
and think that's the end but God uses
the dark places they're part of His
divine plan think of a seed as long as I
see her maids in the light it cannot
germinate and will not never become what
is created to be the seed must be
planted in soil in a dark place with a
potential the inside will come to life
in the same way there are seeds of
greatness and a stream pools talents
potential that will only come to life in
a dark place you may not realize it but
it's in the dark places that you really
grow that's where your character dis
about where you learn to trust God and
to persevere and where your spiritual
muscles are made strong it's just a
matter of time before you break out and
blossom into who you're created to be
this one is absolutely beautiful they're
both really relevant and I think Joel
obviously the way he writes and stuff
like again probably reaches out to more
people but these are really great books
I've actually been quite happy recently
in life I go through my bouts of
depression for sure I've battled it a
few times this year alone um but you
know it's always good to read these
things remind yourself of blessings some
people don't like that word I love them
arranged all the blessings and so I want
to share with you guys so like if you
are going through you know I met a lot
of people at the meetup in New York and
a lot of people shared their stories of
depression with me and said like you
know I've been depressed and I watched
your videos and obviously I relate to
that so much and so sometimes these
books you think oh self-help books how
can I help but I'm just reading and like
getting into your head like just having
that in your head is is really kind of
all you need it's almost like putting it
out to the universe like you're hearing
someone say you're reading it if you're
taking it in and I can only help I feel
so enemies actually
I just found about the airport so yeah
come on if you guys want
so this is our Trader Joe's bananas
you'll see that I just said it
I got jumbo eggs will eggs and bacon
sound great
I got blueberry waffle and ashmar
patties which actually might make some
of these now I'm super excited I wanted
to get trash came back that's real cute
I wanted to get more food in my house
and that post makes so much of it
obviously just with me and all that I'm
gonna try to eat more at my house so I
wish I make definitely no I want
hashbrowns but this takes a little long
start that noun oven
so I think I want to go with the
blueberry waffles I go awful sound good
but I'm gonna go to blueberry so let's
have some breakfast together so I made
my own breakfast this morning made it as
a process people in the morning throw a
rock at him so I just butter these the
hell because Marcus in a while I don't
want to work out again so bad so I need
to get this medicine to get my throat so
I can breathe and know so I can breathe
because
and want to work out it's like working
out and like I can eat I don't have duck
I don't a diet but I didn't lose like
five pounds working out last week and I
wasn't dieting so I don't know I feel
like now I'm not doing as many Luke Wang
shows because I find out I did all the
ones I wanted already for this month
frozen waffles and frozen peas I think
are so good
other peopie's warmer
while I wait for the hunter I wanted to
pop up I'm so sad I'm so sick this
morning
and
that's amazing I'm doing this really
cool video thing this weekend so I
really want to be healthy for that and
they're there but you know I didn't have
an amazing weekend I'm very thankful for
that I just wish I could have missed
week was already gonna be a busy week
for me but like I said I think there's a
reason I'm supposed to slow down not get
myself to sick I think sick is just the
worst oh yeah a friend of mine told me
to drink hotter hydrogen peroxide not
like a lot of it just like spritz a
little in your like water bottle or
something and they said it makes you
feel better for like a few hours and it
gets rid of everything in your body is
that hydrogen peroxide it feels so weird
to be back I always get these like not
so bad this time not yet anyways where I
get these like post vacation blues but I
think cuz I have a lot to look forward
to this week and next week and then the
following week I think it's not so bad
and I am going on vacation again Oh
and I do have a lot of errands I have to
run
so having this extra time off this week
will be good
I do have packages to pick up today
it'd be exciting
which is slowly
today is the first day of Hanukkah so I
post-menopause my Hanukkah moved on
Happy Hanukkah happy first day of
Hanukkah on my tongue did you wish muted
out there you know this might miss my
friends in people but how is it like
growing up wouldn't be a different race
more like religion like I was up in
Buddha's I used to think witchcraft
that's who I'm gonna be like a Wiccan
that also want to be Buddhist I want to
be Jewish cause we only have Christian
churches in our area I'm one of you
different
that's what you think about it Jesus was
Jewish you know no I wouldn't be like
Jesus not to well-educated and like
different religions I wish I was but
I've got hot pockets in that blob so I
want to give it on my channel
mucho it has a a Happy Hanukkah I just
like I hope everyone has a Merry
Christmas and Kwanzaa
and
so let's know them
the house once we ask to crispy
so Glenn here Jones blueberry waffles
that's where I got you :
okay now we have some little hash browns
nice and crispy that all these are so
good the one sweeter girls are the best
they have him at Rose mm-hmm
but these are just the best so I
cancelled what's the last person I need
to cancel it today it broke my heart
cuz it's someone I haven't met before I
need super-sweet chapped wanted to do it
with me and I'm super excited I had to
make the call
early this morning because the guy who's
like home do my hair make up lives in
Orange County and he would have left by
4:45 I was up anyways I like 3:30 and I
just realized like oh this is gonna be
this won't be good this won't be a fun
day for me so I'm done stretching I'm
father who's this person over here
Hailee Steinfeld
I don't know her that's always got
husband Walden magazine hours of that
covers were show home oh my god is this
Lily Rose Depp that's so funny I just
opened it as if so randomly all her
instrument she watches me Instagram
story she tells me she's so pretty she
looks but just like her mom she's
gorgeous
um mm-hmm leopard oh boo boo dude I
haven't like read a magazine in so long
that sounds so weird but I mean like
just getting a magazine I feel like
that's so not thing I used to be such a
big thing I see it a subscription got
involved him but I look forward to a
portrait every month oh so say I don't
know if that's a thing can you still get
subscription to this do you then go it's
all going out the window
yeah
Cosmo day Josh Patrick startin wait what
bones in the closet my first time wasn't
in their traditional location let's just
say it may have a narrow place to keep
clothing and my parents tell us but they
didn't find out it was a pretty fumbly
experience looking back I feel good
about it okay
I love says there's a bad boy thing that
some women are attracted to you might
not typically attracted to those women I
don't think being nice has worked to my
advantage to helps you connect whether
it's just communicating better or
falling in love I love that does anyone
know is he get her straight I was going
to his game up he not typically
attracted those women mm-hmm oh it's hot
seems like every guy attractive his gaze
on when they open their plugin for the
curly girl in the Gamma buta Monty's
candle
oh that pbteen ottoman I need that for
upstairs closet if I ever get that clean
which probably will never be for the
playful time just remind me and niki and
gabi like for the girly girl for the
girl in a good way like I think every
deers are so cute I know I'm like so not
their audience at they're like catering
towards that I know
red is the color that she said she'd go
get my nails done not that I have kind
of a free day I went open doctor's first
well I'm sure she has no makeup time
with me being where she does everybody
has a makeup line
I'm wearing this magazine nothing that's
like where will you and your significant
other be when the ball drops
ah I'm very excited about this New
Year's Eve
I'm never excited Yugi but that's New
Year's Eve
you guys will be there with me I don't
know long rushed out to play ends the
25th but I think I'm going to try and go
through the 31st obviously I'm going to
continue on this channel anyways
probably not everyday a lot but you
should continue posting every day I love
it if I had someone help me out it I
know how people enjoy doing it but after
you sit and go through the whole blog
like listening for things either or like
looking for things I don't mind they're
like it someone address your phone
number or like if I say something wrong
or if I you know I'll try it out my
burps it those kind of things so it
actually does keep me a while any one
thing like if I just didn't care about
what was out there I just draw
everything out there but sometimes like
I judge my address earlier you know I
got at those things
you touched at 6 p.m. on Friday to ask
what your plans are for the name then
wait a few hours reply then say you're
busy even though you're sitting on your
couch now true his timing could be way
better but then again you could have
reached out earlier too if you want to
see him boy this is just a booty call
respond when you see his tax and say I'd
love to hang out I just need me more
advance notice what are your plans
tomorrow if you're all-in no matter what
try I happened to be free tonight let's
make a last-minute date plans what do
you have in mind either way a timely
response is bust here
this to me was kind of outdated this
magazine
- there's advice that advisors go with
the other ones I'm reading like what
awesome don't get relation of advice for
anyone how to name your vibrator I mean
hi shoutout Adam and Eve it's cuffing
season better act fast you guys outdated
to me it's cuffing season says that it's
like literally the 90s do reduce the
distance on your dating app to within
five miles to set rules or make your
objective objectives clear
so weird
well this was great
humph he hasn't joined this morning so
far no that dressed wash my face I got
to Urgent Care get some drugs in this
system okay hey guys so I didn't really
buy that much in New York because we
just didn't have time to shop which is
awesome really sad to me I'm about to
head out by the way to go to the doctor
and I just who's on I thought this is
more like a hoodie sweatshirt but it's
kind of like a jacket which is super
aquas Ellie I wonder either the sports
bra so if I get hot it's gonna be bad
and it's kind of warmer when two
equipment packages and it's already kind
of warm outside so I feel like you want
to be sweating in this but I'm sick so
I'm getting the chills and all that
stuff I did not buy this bra it's dirty
I have to wash it
if the sweater I wore yesterday is the
FDNY sweatshirt that I got in New York
and then I got a New York mug but that's
dirty too so I don't really know why
it's not really showing you much this is
the China drop it's not my body baby let
me get into something about this wicked
thing which is really cute and my hair
looks I love this other stuff I got I
got this NYPD beanie because I thought
it was really cute and I liked the
little patch on it um you guys I'm so
glad I took the day off I'm like getting
feverish it's weird I'm not getting
except her throughout the day which is
really weird
I'm gonna go get meds then I got these
shoes University pants from wicked as
well there's a lot of like big lines and
a lot of commotion so like picking out
everything I go quick so I wish I could
have actually shopped the shows more
because they had really cool stuff at a
time seen before and then in Thailand
shop for a Korean are definitely cool
place by far and I'm really excited
oh so I put my wiki playbill and my
Charlie playbill
any butcher to my left I said I gotta do
think that's cute is that
I love sweats um and then I kept my
ticket it was my mom's first Broadway
show so I got her and I'm matching pairs
of things which might still be in a
suitcase I think I did wrap it up in a
coat of my third thing it broken it was
a good thing that's a golden ticket and
you were supposed to keep your little
ticket in there I think it's still nice
the case that's okay I'll find that
later this is a terrible New York all
this is a bag that came and it wasn't in
common I had to buy it that's wicked
thing I got putting my hair extensions
in there to travel back home but this
was really cool I really love this is it
Charlie in the Chocolate Factory mug now
correct me if I'm wrong but I think
someone had told me that this was
already on Broadway and it was a revival
I thought this was the first musical
like version obviously the original
movie had songs in it but I thought this
was one of those things huh me so hard
it open all right Jimmy easy so
let's see how this hung up I think I
held up pretty good
I see aha
it did oh wait is this like stuck or is
oh I think okay I'm confused
does anyone know if this is stuff like
this like if that's not supposed to be
with his hat
why does it like a cup and saucer I
don't know I just thought it was super
cute seems like a lot to him let's see
how it frozen together I don't want to
like ruin it tell me if it's supposed to
be like this they don't give instruction
so I got that I thought it wasn't super
cool anyways ask my little New York Hall
oh yeah here before me mates come and
clean up this place cuz they're quick
that's clean
honestly the word strep test they have
to take a swab thinking it's much
because I honestly feel like I'm dying I
don't know why I came out all done my
energy went way down you feeling this
way oh I wanted to over target after
this but I think just hate me a second
I think worse well I think it's worse
than being sick but it's really really
bad it's up to are bad things honestly
if you live in LA that urgent care is
amazing in that of there in less than 30
minutes doctors are so nice and timely
I love it and they're just so great that
my prescription frizzy back which is
what they came in last like during the
summer one might my throat was was
killing me it's really taking out of me
being out about you know you think you
feel fine at home and then you get out
of bow all right
I've to get my prescription filled there
was a pharmacy in target I might try to
go to see if it works anyway I needed an
emergency this here was crazy I slept on
it wet so I came into Bellamy beauty bar
as you guys can see I love it because
this is plays they have all of these in
stock which is great I'm using it sweeps
and I have the 22 inch what color is
this a white which I love but you guys
have got so many more colors to I used
to use the beach blonde but this is like
white white which I love cherish is
really expensive I'm super excited I
walked in and we can eat cuts or
something you walk in they have a beauty
bar upstairs and so I try to get my
tapings back today because I was like
okay I really need my hair done and I'm
really excited so this is like what my
hair was like before I was showing this
on camera like it's just like real like
this is as bad as it gets my broken hair
all but we're gonna blend run run and
I'm super super stoked
we're putting about is it six or seven
pack office six packs in my hair got a
big head and I like a lot bomb ready to
start so we just flat ironed my hair she
did that so quick I was like how did you
do that so fast you guys saw my hair I
had no product I washed it went to bed
like my hair's like that soon so we have
all this hair but putting in this is
amazing it's good easy
oh she's escaping stage here and has her
tapings down there and I was like we're
gonna the same here yours looks amazing
yet he can't say fellow show look at it
she's like literally a doll you had
enough Barbie with that hair and yours a
20-inch 222-2222
right yeah so we're gonna be twins but
at the end of this I guess life want the
same here she goes high up which is
great so I'm super excited we did before
and after videos for her Instagram - I
am so stoked getting like Elsa so
forward is finishing this side this is
pretty much finished
so Wow your ring to it
oh my gosh what a difference might keep
them buried before I take the berry yeah
digging the before of that which this is
insane
I get that oh yeah a shock there gosh
just
so much it's so crazy I know
oh my god it's not crazy I said this
morning I felt like that's and like now
I feel like oh my god like I feel
amazing
better than my medicine and before
team's name oh no I am i 100% this looks
so good I love like straight hair like
out of the path like this it's so smooth
and silky
I'm just doing some light you know I
love it
yeah I remember every extensions layered
before like my Chapin's but I like the
look of it good to do like a loop just a
light liner post clearly so you can see
it right it makes it really want the
holder yeah no I noticed that and then
also it's just not as like you're
probably curling it like - yeah they put
clips and like smell like clipping I cut
back as I can we need more like
dimension
it doesn't really natural yeah
especially when you wash it and he
starts me one more oh I love this so
much
I think I got a big head to hold on it
comes in handy I'm cement data quick
both cats eyes like a size 8 looking
back and I'm like also so awful but with
hair you can get as much hair as you
wanna go away
I see it
okay oh no I love it when it's like
straight right mm-hmm
because I do get it curled so often that
whenever I get I like freshly washed I'm
always like just straight and it's so
funny you want to get blood let me Carla
like no I like it just straight at first
cuz that would get sound so much once
you start comedy yeah no I know
your faces around your face or would you
rather leave it on the longer side I
think I like it online or okay so we can
leave it like that yeah and then if you
want more layers or you want a little
shorter be no way to do that so
so what will take
so it is done cherished and amazing
she's cherish your cherish your
hairstyle on Instagram she oh my god she
looks so amazing on her InStyle thing I
thought of the models it's her she's
like everything she killed this weave so
much it literally took like less than
two hours she flat on my hair installed
six packs
it was crazy so it's amazing I was like
she said she got it all in there was no
leftovers I was like she made it happen
not a single hair on turns so anyways
this was it I'm so oh this is cute
though oh I love that oh it's so cute so
cute so I am just leaving follow me
right now
oh god I'm at medication I took a z-pack
I felt so much better this hair honestly
made me feel like a whole new woman here
Steph Cameron her treatments are amazing
I feel literally like a new girl that
was the fastest install I've ever had
you guys saw how crazy my hair was you
guys can get these tape ins they have a
ton of her hair so it's clip ins all
equipment you saw me wear in New York
all bellamy and get Matt Bellamy hair
calm and get it discount with my Cota
Trish they are I mean I'm Bellamy here I
was telling her before Belton was a
thing before they had Kylee like I am
wearing Bellamy hair I've been buying
Bellamy here for so long it's honestly
just my favorite and I'm so happy that
could squeeze me in and if you have a
beauty bar near you they have one in
Houston in LA going in you can get a
blowout you get style like they just
take you like if they're available which
it's I've been lucky that they've been
available and had my hair in stock so
they're great they're literally the
smoothest people every time I go in
there I've never had a bad experience
you guys know I would talking my back
experience it's good I love ranting so
so Kia soon I'm gonna go home and paint
my day tomorrow because I feel a
thousand times better I felt like death
this morning and this was like full day
transformation so I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog good how are you
thanks already can't comment on his hair
you guys like this video if you think
today it was a journey oh my goodness
gracious it feels like a journey for me
I have felt like this morning aren't
points filmed yesterday saga 3 I'm
technically this morning I felt like
death like I honestly felt like I was
dying so this is what they call the
z-pak this is what they gave me it
worked so quick I took two today and
then you take one a day for four days um
that stuff is amazing so I drink that
with awful water and I literally had
such a quick turnaround I went over to
Target I got a messin ball and I was at
home kind of feeling like better um and
then I got a call to do something
tomorrow so I was like okay like let me
she didn't get some hair in because my
hair it was looking crazy this morning
isn't it crazy the hair transformation
like this is like so insane but a lot of
it CBS I did get some fun little things
so I'm gonna show
that since it's been a little bit of a
blur sweet hell today as well
I got fun stop cut it's late at night
and I want to eat am i doing actually
eating show I have this funny idea
actually I'm gonna give credit to well
okay so it's telling like Shane about
this idea and then Shane gave me he's
like you know how you'll see there's a
really popular thumbnail that's been
going around I'm always a little late to
these trends when he tells me about it
and I think wait I want to do it but you
guys to see that soon someone do an
evening show with like a twist on it
tonight
but I just get some Lean Cuisine a white
mac and cheese I got a large egg coat
this is for the eating show sing about
that don't make that coat I got a bunch
of Ferrero Rocher thinking about gift
cards to like I hate to say employees
but like people who work for me
throughout the year like maids
hairstylist
you know makeup artists hair colorist um
video out the first photographers like I
like to give everyone like a little
something I give them like a Christmas
like bonus and it's something great but
it's you know a little chocolate I made
look so good and then I got some mmm ice
creams a few sandwiches and I went I
want to be a little better some halo
chopped peanut butter cup this stuff's a
little melted so I gotta get this in the
freezer but it was a lot funner than
when I showed me this morning as am I so
there you go okay here's a twist to the
night I was just finishing filming my
main channel video for tomorrow and I'm
feeling so good so a friend of mine a
friend of a friend who's not my friend
his friend invited me to go hang out
with them I'm down with a live it's not
our way I hope to get really tomorrow
but I had kind of a miserable start to
the morning I felt like I was missing
out on so much and I always say it one
friends I'm gonna go hang out we're
gonna go play your laser tape which I'm
super excited about
also keep the shoes remember those super
comfortable Skechers those white ones I
showed you not I'm in this like silver
oil slick shoe
so anyways OTT and Nuggets a little
maybe too much boobs but the overall
outfit is like a cool casual vibe so I'm
on my way
like 9 o'clock at night and I were away
to go hang out with some peeps and I'm
super excited
it's a super hot guy and I love hanging
out super hot got him
you know no big deal or anything I'm
thinking percept job tonight is I'm
hanging out with a friend of friends
who's not my friend
and then
his friend - sounds like friend of a
friend of a friend and I love it I mean
this French Rio doubt I'm like very
exciting uh anytime I get to meet your
friends is a good time for me tonight
and we're bowling and Upland there's our
lane right there super excited
yes
all right so how do I show this so super
ass
I've literally almost struck out three
times in a row but I got some pins we
got and Brad say what's up to friends
best friends wait can I be the third
they're 300 my new best friend
they're good they're great at bowling I
suck if I get a spare what do I get well
would I went to get a ferry from okay
all right hold this for my spear cuz
it's gonna happen oh my god I'm dying
you have to do it
that's very oh man you know get a strip
show are you sad
Aaron killing aranese who work here used
to work here that far bro oh we got our
beers really you woulda got our your
Turkey and I learned damn I was hoping
you get your turkey I feel like the
turkey would have got across that would
been everything
oh now well you're still in the lead
you're doing good out of me or yet to
pick one nobody wants to see the
strippers tonight nobody Oh in my drink
I like where to go all right my turn
again the winner of this one is oh your
thing one away another it is hey Ron you
won body rolls for Aaron you didn't but
you won the first one kill that now
we're going to laser tag I'm very laser
tag but they come way to island that's
where we're going body roll for Iran
okay first time having a boy drive my
car I'm very nervous are you gonna be a
safe driver I'm a really good driver I
always tell people that when they're in
the car with me you can't be in the car
with somebody that's a better drivers
it's like an awesome really you really
professional oh is it I'll bet you're
like professional precision drivers oh
my gosh
it's much scarier to be a passenger yeah
it always is I love that island you know
this reminds me of back to the future
this proof came on like yeah at the mall
when he like go back to the future you
could do a DeLorean right here and go
back to yeah I'm gonna say are you
really yeah are you gonna get it they
have new inching about you but they're
like 80 grand really yeah they're gonna
be as cool though they'll build you on
bullets it's still a eating memorial
right now using old factory parts that
never built the cars oh I love that
we're like inside I think it's like
looks like we broke in oh we can have an
island party Brad honey island parties
do you have here
yeah wow this is so qua have your
birthday party I love this yeah I want
my 30th birthday party here this would
be so sick island partying uplands
that would be everything Maine it's not
for a while what me yeah one's yours
February I know why did you ask so that
I know when to have a birthday party oh
my god me too in Korea my 30th amazing
island I don't know how to play laser
tag so
I had fun humongous
Oh crazy or not like midnight
you guys I just made it home pleaser
today was so much fun the night was so
much fun I probably should have gone out
when I had to get up early tomorrow and
I'm feeling I was a little sick I think
I had I had like a couple sets of the
Arian don't think I was supposed to do
that with the other guys
oh it's real darn I'm sorry about that
guys you need to see my face say
goodnight I don't know I'm so tired let
me see if I have my flash at my phone
now I want to show you guys how it looks
like creepy oh ah the bags are my eyes
are scary okay I just want to show you
guys the bed got my new sheets on you
plank it me it's cam and I can't wait to
crawl on it and go to sleep
I seriously look terrifying in the
fighting Braylon case so much thanks
watching this vlog how I wake up
tomorrow I'm scheduled to another glam
I'm gonna try and just get through it
because I did notice throughout this day
it was getting better so I'm gonna try
again go that's due tomorrow again I
just hate being sick I'm just telling
myself I'm not sick when in reality I
should just rest but well rest when need
to be today it was not a restful day I
did a lot not thinking I was gonna do
all that but anyways I love you guys
I'll see you soon until next time hurry
kissies little baby shoes hmm
that guys
