and there's so much traffic but I'm
getting ready to record my first
original knife or certain song but my
first rigid song on my new album so
excited share with you guys you're
recording it and my stomping grounds
record all my songs here and I'm so
super excited I'm super late some
whisper it down this hill and I'll see
you guys soon
okay ready here we go superficial bitch
ah ah superficial bitch yeah superficial
bitch uh-uh
superficial pic nice too much
superficial bitch ah superficial bitch
yeah
superficial bitch ah ah
superficial de superficial bitch ow
superficial bitch yeah
superficial bitch Oh superficial bitch
fuck yeah you love that is this money
how in LA now they can't serve you water
unless you ask for it it's like
oh good they can't serve you water
unless they ask you ask for it here and
it's like so it's you know that it's a
state law they can't serve you water
unless unless you ask for it so oh well
justly know who I was talking to how are
you doing out there alligator so country
no I'm uh I didn't know that water that
was probably people I'm talking about
veganism over here a vegan it's kale
salad he's eating but and his rest
fingers to celebrate our one song down
three more to go for this album than
eight more for the next one who's belted
that one other problem no problem we
just did it it was vibrant
he always weapon to a - very very catchy
tune it's amazing I just talked about
your dish
oh that's probably her in the limo yeah
there was I snapped a picture of the
menu here and this girl came running up
it was a really cute though she was like
so excited and I was so excited like I
saw her running and I was like oh my
gosh I'm like maybe know this girl she's
run high and it really happened it was
really cool it's really cool was like
you're really really good people
interacting with your hands thank you
said that Isaac you know what it is and
I told him this this is like the honest
truth it's like I'm so lucky and
fortunate living a good life because of
you guys so whatever in meet you guys
and realize like I can't help but just
be so happy and smile like you guys hug
says you guys like changed my life so I
just love meeting people and yeah it was
really nice she was really sweet her
friend was like who's this person like
your friend was like not really into it
I think she was kind of like okay I
can't get a P by but they were sweet
they're celebrating their friends 28th
so anyways we're gonna eat Brad Paisley
oh yeah Highland ball I was driving and
I saw that I was here at me I love red
Paisley
it's not hot Keith Urban now right here
so having lunch wet dinner all right you
guys oom
