a second city in Hollywood and with
scale the elimination of it to see my
friend Dolph Ziggler which is super
excited about the campaign with me as my
wingman for the comedy show and he's
like
so we're here and already Meowth thank
you for dragging me out like you look so
nice and what did you say
everything everything's just
clothes leather jacket
yeah yeah so this is Dolph Ziggler he is
me
I don't know what is like world kin
heavyweight I don't know what it's some
sort of champion where you sound
we didn't know what they were under they
were under a secret name so I was like
okay because I was like hopefully I
wasn't finished
that was a first to be honest because I
talked to my mind my first thought was
like sweet what everything being
catfished the essence of the show and
then like the real movie like I have no
idea with these people I had a little
bit of panic for an attic
issue at the name
you know is under some alias down there
right so
which makes sense because I guess anyone
could be like oh I'm with him that would
be like yeah so yeah but we're here I'm
excited
you know but I kind of really like a
show here I think that'd be cool but
really excited it's my first one of
these
okay so we just got the show it was one
hour but this is kale signature move
well how do you pat the hand yeah
what is your signature or what is it
what's your um thoughts my thoughts
mm-hmm it was a really good show it was
uh yeah yeah I know I was at first I'm
like okay cuz like you said when we
first got in there cuz I know I know he
just stand up so I was like can you as a
stand up like a bunch of communes but it
was like a how would you describe it
like a it was an improv session of what
was that um Last Comic Standing what are
you oh I know
Kerry he's not as anyway is it anyway
yeah so it was kind of like that and and
I I thought it was like stand up your
you know and then also there's a group
of guys and you throw up a lot of topic
and then they just start randomly trying
to put it together with jokes and
everything yeah it was I would say it's
a mix between improv but also stand up
cuz he did some stand-up I was
in-between like his Segway it's between
like the next show or whatever ain't
talking he talked about something that
was actually a real life experience
whatever the word right there was a lot
of wrestling fans cuz they were saying
like less wrestling were there because
it was like Spanish an on table I'm like
wait our announce tables like what the
fuck yeah yeah it was um Pleasant there
was a lot of attractive girls there
there's somebody there there's a lot of
attractive girls there says singing like
meek did he just like invite oh they're
right next to us though they are ya
looking at her waist oh you know I was
looking at wait I know what you're like
in the back of my head yeah no magazine
highlight this hit on that why don't you
know I was looking at you a
acid-washed jeans on mm-hm okay that's
what you're looking at it was those
style policing her oh there was a lot of
like pretty girls there so then I was
thinking maybe he's invites like all the
allied chicks that he knows right I
thinking I don't know everyone might
watch this and often you know I told I
wasn't a very nice guy oh yeah yeah so
that's the thing so like I just was
leaving cuz there's a line of media and
I'm like I don't want to be just like a
fan like I want to be you know decide
it's like love then Kelly usually thank
him and then I fell
now I feel like I'm being rude if I walk
out but then I go back and there's like
a shitload of people there I was like
honey it was just one of those weird so
I don't have friends and situations like
Al's my friend cuz he gets my
awkwardness we're walking out can I say
you know we're walking we're already
down the stairs we're on Hollywood
Boulevard I'm like um you don't want to
say thank you or goodbye time you don't
he tweeted you he's like you know
whatever in the easy
I don't know I come from the south is
just like one of these kind of things
you know is wrong I understood what you
were saying I just was more or less like
I was a section later and say thank you
because it's like he was busy but I
don't you're saying and then he takes
yeah yeah but then I also yeah I thought
I wasn't but then I thought I was an
annoyance from the beginning cuz like I
didn't know what the tickets were under
and so I was like and then Hannah come
down and be like oh yeah they're into
this it's just not clear people it was
just just not clear so I don't do out
eyes so I don't meet people online and
then meet him in real life cuz I was
awkward
you guys y'all know each other yeah yeah
no no we're like cool but I feel like
I'm cooler online is this kind of like
so creepy right um it was a really
actually pretty we were laughing it was
really funny yeah it was funny great
there was a lot of Richard Grieco shit I
know it was weird
it was weird some little moments there
metaphysically said synchronistically
random it was weird there was a lot of
weirdness going on but it was really
funny it was funny in thank you for
inviting me yes oh so I was the plus-one
if you watch this thank you Dolph that
was I appreciated the evening it was it
was fun I've never been to that yeah it
was like so hidden though I would never
be able to find it I was like so it was
one guy though I'd really dunk him you
know his name did you talk to him on
right there he was like totally out of
character and like you know like you you
could tell he wasn't like that Greek
hair a lot of them cuz I bolted like we
saw I saw like one on Hollywood
Boulevard as soon as we left like he
bolted and then the little one bolted
I'm like he had a cross between like
Will Ferrell Norma Donald and Bill
Murray I was trying to impersonate them
though I feel like when he's doing the
microphone and he is trying to be Will
Ferrell like that sounded just like a
but yeah he was funny he was pulling it
off and Dolph's brother was in it he is
really good and really good yeah he was
really good they were all good it was
all miss he's a regular here I guess I
don't know I don't know where his
brother lives and Rodya but does he show
some yeah not in Hollywood improv Trisha
Paytas once again gets invited up here
you got someone right up check your
tweets red card whatever you don't have
mean things yeah you know hey with me
we'll get in the right places
yeah call me up today hey you want to be
my plus one I know they gonna answer bad
guys like a bug coffee crash then he's
like oh I'm not gonna go because there's
gonna be friends then I find out he
didn't I was like well do you would've
been nice to eat with somebody tonight
but I can we go to make you spit see and
then afterwards he's like oh no I called
you Richie right when I was supposed to
but didn't work out no big deal
in Hollywood we're lost it's 12 o'clock
people that's not 12 was 11 18 well
whatever it's close enough you round up
when you're old like me oh my god him
with the age thing mom I'm Taisen I'm
get ready to go like streaking up down
Hollywood Bowl
I do like a lot of energy I feel like
all of a sudden you got like a ton of
energy of a sudden like a hell you were
tired I want to take you out there so we
need to come out okay well I will see
you guys soon Apple watch okay did you
get an Apple watch yeah this is Fuji I
know I'm bushi all right we're gonna go
be bougie come on watch right oh yeah
look at my tom is it oh let me just look
at my Apple iWatch wait what it should
say it should do something other than
just
give you the kind no it does it hasn't
my apps wait why is is not working out
oh there it is there's the apps mmm okay
I'm getting a text message all right
I'll see you guys soon
