hi y'all hey is that Christina Aguilera
circa 2003 years that Tricia it's me
it's me it's fabulous me
sorry whenever I'm in um I love an angel
spin stick know whenever I'm in West
Hollywood I feel I get me to break out
into song and dance
um but yeah I'm wearing my Bellamy
clip-ins
I wasn't really going with his outfit
I'm like so like summary with my Apple
watch I'm a purple little clutch and
this orange dress I got from Target the
other day get right
I should have hauled it I'm gonna forget
to put this back at my target bag every
time I wear stuff I forget oh I was a
sexy ginger over there
he has ginger ginger I'm going to a
business dinner a business dinner at
pump restaurants Lisa Vanderpump's
restaurant super stoked about that I'm
actually really close and I'm gonna be
like right on time which is good but I
was gonna be really early and I know
that I don't want to be late
came here and I'm at like 3 minutes I
swear I'm about three minutes away so
it's kind of perfect health Ruth at
valet let me put you down cuz I'm moving
so hopefully that valet I've never been
here I don't even really know Lisa
Vanderpump I just maverick housing but I
know she's like a real housewife but
yeah so that is what I'm doing tell you
I don't have a new phone case um got
some stills back from Andrew the
director of Lost and Found let me see if
I can oh my god so many people I gotta
smack if you text me I'm so sorry
honestly today was so busy I had to edit
so many videos I shot a bunch of videos
I had to clean up my house I did laundry
I was doing the most today the most and
love I have a love/hate with West
Hollywood West high water is very Times
Square II like if you live in New York
or and like Columbus Circle like it's
like Columbus Circle Lee okay Wes
highways like the Columbus Circle of LA
and then Hollywood Highland is like the
Time Square of LA like they're pretty
close to each other and but they're very
touristy that car is beautiful as an
orange car I'm obsessed with orange
lately it's been my color for summer why
she is I got my white wedges on but I
love orange for like clothes
boom is knees cool and my Apple iWatch
is buzzing everything is this happening
yeah I just I just didn't unboxing of
this today - I'm um I'm like just
getting used to this
300 feet oh I'm like oh there it is
there's a destination is on your right
89 48 Santa Monica Boulevard if you guys
can see there's hamburger Haven and then
pump is right there it doesn't look that
bougie actually like I was thinking okay
Real Housewives very bougie but this
clutch tonight's Lutz home when I got
last year and I finally have a reason to
panic after where I don't I wanted to
wear this white Versace would've looked
so hot my white shoes might watch and
it's my Versace but I had the key to it
to unlock and it did not lock so I got
to figure that out because it thank you
first and it defense it but it doesn't
unlock so I don't know about that okay
so I'm gonna go in but I will talk to
you guys soon if not we'll see but I'll
talk to you soon so we just gotta have
dinner and a we met Lisa Vanderpump in
there so I posted a picture on my
Instagram is so blurry because there was
no flag
and there was a big line for me and she
was so sweet to take over that's a shame
but she and want to like have with a big
line for me no we're just like she can
we can retake it and I'm like no no it's
fine but yeah that's the picture I post
on Instagram and Giggy was there I don't
watch anything the girls I met for
dinner they had told me about the Giggy
thing and I didn't know so anyways this
is West Hollywood at its finest I don't
know what is day night so
you know work in the corner $30 over
here
I don't even know if that's irrelevant
but yeah so I am dope my every thought
kind of hurts a little bit I drink a
little wine we might not me upset
it's really hard and could I go home and
sleep button
emi koulev are basically gay essential I
love it but it's like summon hours now
so get tired and annoyed with people are
drunken
all that stuff but I had a really big
dinner a lot of girls I watched dinner
with they're so sweet and I hope we can
work together soon they're really
awesome stuff anyways I will see by
having in tomorrow's vlog cuz I'm beat
so soon
