oh let me just make this oh wow it's
open Spain today it is the morning after
my big weekend of shooting a
lost-and-found and I am so bruised up I
know a peasant even look that bad like
the bruise but honestly like this whole
area I just went down so hard on
yesterday oh and I wasn't even through
like I need like fight scenes or
anything it was more of like me tripping
off the mattress and I'm supposed to get
like queue out
exit out I'm so stupid and my head hurts
so bad but um I love my favorite thing
people always ask me like what are you
doing your time what's your favorite
hobby I love when the movies movies like
relax with me and I go by myself all the
time but is next to my mom and I said
hey and the movies with me and we're
gonna go see pitch perfect to finally
I've been wanting to see it for so long
my shirt is still wrinkled I know I
don't even care and um yeah it's
probably the actor from yesterday oh
yeah I texted hold on one second uh yeah
that was the actor from my video you
guys the video yesterday was so oh my
gosh it was so good I look like a little
turtle it's not a good angle for me oh
when we get up here it was so good the
actors the guys were so good I had um
how many actors until four three were
ex-boyfriends and one was the current
abusive boyfriend
and um it's an intense video it is
intense
um hmm it's just it's just it's an
intense story and I don't want to give
too much away but it all is true to my
life there's a little Trish there's
stripper Trish it's just all the
boyfriends they all simplify someone in
my life and events that happen in my
life so it's all very true but I just
wanted to do something like this because
I think it's just for me it's
therapeutic to be able to get this out
and I think it's artistic and it's just
really different it's really really
different but
um yeah my but I was talking about
really guys are killing like I squatted
so much like up and down on Friday well
Saturday morning technically and
honestly my thighs or killing me I have
not done so many cuz you to do somebody
takes when you shoot usually I don't
blog or have my mom vlog when um we're
actually like shooting the takes like I
only just do it on rehearsals but when
we actually shoot you actually go from
different angles you have to get a wide
angle like the whole scene then you have
to get a two-shot of like both of you
guys profile and then you have to get
close-up on me
close-up of him sometimes they do
circular stop sometimes they follow you
around sometimes it's on a dolly like
there's so many different setups that
you do you end up doing the same seeing
the same thing thirty times you know
between rehearsals between that all the
takes like end up doing it three times
well so something goes wrong or if the
camera did something or someone's in the
shot you were doing about 30 takes so
with the dancing you know the first
dance on the pole you know that was
about 30 takes and then the dance with
on like the lap dance is like 30 digs
and um it's just I mean and I don't mind
it but you know I'm just so not used to
it I'm just not in the shape I was when
I danced so my thighs kill trying to
stay it up they kill um my movies back
on trophy wife on element of element on
Monday mornings I always had the best
movies I just finished watching my
neighbor's secret and I'm watching
trophy wife and Brooke burns isn't it so
I've been liking that but my mom's Walt
Tim over but um yeah being so distracted
but anywho I had a lot of fun doing this
video and it's it's so different I mean
these guys who tell us it's so different
and um it's just it's all are you know
at the end of the day it's all something
that I think it's my story and I the
reason I like telling my story is I feel
like my personal story not necessarily
with the video or anything like that but
my personal story of you know domestic
violence in me all my relationships and
you know stripping and escorting and all
that stuff like that and then of course
being younger and feeling
abandoned so many times I feel like I
like to share that because the place I'm
at now is such a good place and I have
such a good life and even my mental
state though a little fucked up still is
pretty good considering so I just like
to show that like we all go through shit
we all have our stories like some worse
than mine some not as bad but we all go
through drama we all go through shit we
all go through traumatic times in life
and that doesn't define who you are you
can always come through the other side
and make your life better you can always
turn around your parents won't define
you you won't turn into them if you
don't want to you don't I mean so
anyways it was it was a good shoot and a
great time and I'm exhausted and I so
yeah I love going to movies that's like
my relaxation is till I go to the movies
chill out eat popcorn I didn't eat any
salt or sweets the week up to the video
like I didn't make anything salty I
pretty much cooked everything at home
like toast or eggs
I prefer see how much that kind of stuff
so I really just stayed away from like
sodium and sweets and stuff like that so
I think that helped because if you puff
my face a little bit and I looked I was
really happy with how I looked on camera
the problem not a problem but when
you're in entertainment you do want to
look your best on camera for sure and
I'm like you know I'm always one of
those people who were all critical of
ourselves sometimes my face is puffy or
something and like I'm always happy like
I was so happy with the way that I
looked in this video like I watched the
playback and I was so happy with it so
but now I'm gonna go treat myself to
some salty popcorn and nacho cheese
because honestly it was my everyday life
I don't care about puffy face or not but
it's more of like just when you look
your best on something that's going to
last forever you know so anyways alright
guys well I am going to answer a few
emails before my mom gets over and I'll
talk to you soon and thanks for coming
with me on this journey my youtube
journey this is an amazing life and I'm
so happy that you guys are here with me
and us being here with me is the reason
I'm here so thank you for this and I'll
see you guys soon picked up a friend
along
I started this morning time what
yesterday Rockley king that was so
dirtiest I know it was really bad but
awesome okay guys you know people don't
know what a brothel with us it's
probably people your age don't brothel
whorehouse no yeah I don't know what I
guess I guess it's not that common
brothel my mom was talking about her
thick thighs today how her guy's got
yogurt but like that's a good thing mom
because then that means you're curvy
that's my booty maybe look at that Bonet
okay so we're gonna go eat some junk
food at some movies my god I didn't know
about like I get to get hot dog and
she's like maybe just probably and I'm
gonna go get my cookies at mrs. Fields I
love eating those some celebrate then
we're gonna go get my shoes not today
but we're gonna get my Versace shoes to
celebrate the video I also buy something
to commemorate each video so this will
lead this one pick up the little one
pick up the little one Kelly miss her as
she watches these videos but also we are
going to do that and I'll see you soon
oh that bitch bah oh whoa
favorite daughter though okay nice piece
mom dear dear I love it come on Sami
mom's doing this after pitch perfect 2 D
2 energy drinks oh that's why okay let's
sit down and a seat belt and we're going
to target oh I know I saw say about
anyone that she I was like I can't wait
till I go bra around what do you think
it fits perfect to mom
Lulla yeah it was so good I was so
excited oh my gosh it's so funny since
this movie came out my video that I did
with Flula hit a million views it was
that like four hundred thousand our
Shiva days I got a million they should
have one blue yeah they should have one
generation I'm like Section six a was
the balls were good but the Germans were
so much better so we're going to tie get
what we're Hatter I mean that's true I
think the girls from Game of Thrones the
blonde do all girls I couldn't have get
in feel any of yeah Wow pretty the
Bellas will use you the first one there
was a whole like movie on Holly all form
together but it was still it wasn't as
good as the first girls gonna be willing
honesty our right now really rebel wish
you can have it all over several ocean
as everyone's favorite character when I
was gonna take the stairs I'm max I'm
sore so oh my legs
the only ones my mom's music video now
I'll film you that's like a daily
rocking with the kicks okay so we came
to the mall to get one thing at Target
and this is what we end up with and we
have a bunch of our shopping bags
underneath so we have been at the mall
for literally three hours shopping and
that was not even the intention but yeah
that's a quick preview of the car maybe
a target haul who knows
yeah well campers are so expensive this
one's a type of baby
