getting my nails done getting stiletto
nails ah what is it help no farther huh
what no barman Oh nail bar nail bar
beauty and loans if I mad I saw it on
Instagram and seduced doing with yells
got my youtube we're doing the Milano's
right slow Tamils Leto she taught me to
do some the different guys so we'll see
how it goes my hair looks crazy but I'm
not something she's in here today so
it's been exciting you'll see how the
nails turn out after it's kind of cool
here so I totally forgot to show you
guys my finished product at the nail
salon which I think I already kind of
messed up this one a little bit because
you don't get it wet for 20 minutes
after we did it and I had to pee so bad
and I can't stand peeing and not washing
my hands so the eggs I wash my hands so
I think I kind of made it a little murky
but that's okay um you guys get the gist
so yeah so we kind of just did like
Barbie pink
this one's just solid with a little
diamond this one has some cool like
british flag sort of thing happening
this one of course is my little coat
finger and um there's a tip with some
glitter in it and then this is a solid
layer and then on this one we got solid
glitter and then we got the same sort of
like weird British flag thing but only
on the tip and then we just got a
cluster of little diamonds there and
then a chevron pattern there and a blank
one with just a little diamond so
they're all kind of thematic but I'm
doing my Lost and Found at video
tomorrow and since I'm playing my former
stripper self I had to get my former
stripper nails so yeah anyway I thought
I'd show you guys that I'm starving but
I don't eat too much today I want to eat
lights I think miss has a piece of toast
and go on a bike ride maybe and maybe
I'll play chess with me who knows we'll
see how come it's windy but I'm riding
my bike
huh laughs Gina Sasha is so pretty this
is the ocean you guys new is the ocean
but every day oh my gosh
I get to back and exercises above the
ocean Midwest girl dream come true
yes everybody literally doing everything
together at this point just like we're
in a serious relationship
I've had a good day when I got my nails
at the salon
I talked to Ewa if I'm Gabby these two
fishies and this is so fun gabbing with
them and they knew so much about me and
I was so nice learning so much about
them that I was like let's take it more
personal for myself
look I don't forget facetiming
it's out man
so India all right guys that's fun while
it lasted hey wha
