hey guys John gum I have to I'm like
excited I got you gum cuz this is like
flip completely measuring video I wonder
that was flip the whole time
sorry not sorry another way to Shane's
we're an uber to jenna Marbles house I'm
excited because um there's like a big
like YouTube well because won't even
know but a woman oh so Joshua DTV who
I've cried before I love him so much is
doing a live show and I guess she ain't
got tickets and so Hume I didn't mean to
go cheer oh it's like him and like well
let me explain it to you more hold on
bitch dumb but so basically we're doing
tonight is going to the shadows first
live show and it's Josh with DTV
it's Jenna's boyfriend I know his name -
it's not like I don't know is he wasn't
sick yet Julianne and that's Hearts
boyfriend or fianc√©
Artie I know that her name's I just uh
Arnold Arnold Arnold see I know their
name I just can't think of it cuz I'm so
excited
um no but I love Josh so much like he's
we clapped last year on my channel he's
just I love his videos I think he's
really positive he has a good messages
he's like one of those like genuinely
good people who's just naughty she's
just a nice guy and so and he's so
talented he's like seems so me that's
why we did sing challenge everything so
we're going into the shower to show
tonight and I was so excited because
like she invited me and I was like oh
yeah I don't know like I don't really
know a lot of his friends like I you
know I like keep to myself most of the
time but that doesn't mean I don't like
people with me around people and why not
friends I do that I got something so
like I was all looking like Kettering
now but it's honestly true I don't know
I think there is something about my
personality or just like the way I am
that people maybe sometimes find either
off-putting or maybe I'm not warm enough
I don't know there's something that I've
just always had trouble like I know I
love everybody I think I'm a pretty nice
person but I just like know maybe I just
have I could sing where I'm like
off-putting or I put off people or in a
weird way but once like people get to
know me it's like usually really fun so
I'm really excited I'm really nervous to
be honest because I know Jenna and I
know I think Jason Horton which I know
him they got Andrew and Steve green and
I think Nikki which I know I know all
them but it's like it's a thing or it's
like I never really had like a social
setting with everybody's I'm like really
excited um because that's cool like I
feel like you know I was feel like
YouTube's kind of high school where I
feel like I never was invited to parties
which is not like a pity party or
anything but there's just something like
I think off-putting about me that maybe
people don't like cuz I was voted
homecoming queen I say this all day and
my high school is voted homecoming queen
which is like so crazy because I know I
never invited me to parties don't even
invited me to homecoming
remember that matter so I guess I think
of something I put out there that I
should probably need to change on myself
so people know that I like want to have
friends in the king most people because
I do I like it and it's like really fun
and it gets me out of the house cuz I'm
usually it's so why hit make heart do
you guys have cars who has cars like
that where it gets like so quiet
reserved the energy like so my first car
that doesn't always like fries me on my
I mean the apocalypse the Stephen King
and I read a book about there's like
it's like one of those things but I'm so
excited because um you know there are so
few youtubers that I genuinely like get
excited to watch our videos it's not
about men um Josh was one of those
people so I loved their vlog with me
video and I'm excited to hear their song
the shadows I think that there was
singing at that close and my own I don't
know Shannon's major with it doesn't see
my friend Rebecca but she thing she did
what's up Internet so I just think it's
gonna be really fun and I'm really
excited and hopefully I don't be weird
and say weird things I'm gonna make them
don't worry before I meet people or talk
to people because I don't want
everything am I gonna have before I talk
to people about where I'm like that was
not just but I won't even be walking
like a penny of this because like my
first meet people are like you know
unless I like really know them and I
can't come times I feel weird walking
around bogging is I was like a fine I
like personal like thing it's like a
person to like look into my life so I
don't really click I don't know I think
it's personal in general like getting
into other people's business that you
don't see in the first time I've seen I
don't think it blogged and because like
I don't know you just want to like get
to know people and like filling out and
I'm gonna say no like what a free you
are then you can be like but weirdo at
the camera
I love vlogging I really do it's like so
fun because like I really don't have
that many friends so like I feel like
you guys are my friends like you know
right now I feel like hey friend let's
go to this party together but hey I
don't have a friend but don't you
she and I ran over and I'm Jim try a
house cuz we look close to each other
and she looks kind of further away from
us so we're gonna over together sounds
gonna come after Pinot I drink so much
iced coffee
hi is that something worse I gots like a
two wheels and front and one wheel in
the back and he's hot he's got some
meaty thighs by the way can I say
something about fat chicks everyone's
like oh she was okay for girls to be fat
but you have like six guys with six
packs in the video it's like it's like
you just can't win really I mean that's
like a whole point of everything but
they just know I was that wasn't an
amusing those were just like the one guy
was a dancer my little lost conversation
video and then we had casted another guy
the the blond guy I didn't think was
like super ripped or anything I don't
know I'm like I guess I'll do a follow
up fat guy is fat boy is there something
I like I wasn't this long that Chase is
about me and I'm not a boy so I didn't
have like fat guys in the video because
I just I
those those weren't the people who
submitted as just I don't know like I
people were talking because I don't like
heavier guys in the video like I will
trust me I will I have a couple videos
coming up where I have very different
love and trust in the typical video or
the tip before I have a do and I would
love to have a heavier guy in it for
sure cuz I love me some media guys I
don't love me like I'll go just like you
never fertilize pictures no guys I date
or Bank anyways but I did I do get a lot
of like bigger guys just lately that was
when I was like smaller but when I got
bigger it was like bigger guys weren't
like a trackage it's like bigger guys
like smaller girls is so weird I'm like
it's not guys like girl I don't know
that's just what I found since I've
gotten some thinking a little weight is
like the heavier guys really aren't the
ones attracted to me it's like more you
know average guys you know not six-packs
not candy just average so
I don't know I don't still love it guys
but I said I haven't had guys but your
guys hit on me or ask me out in a while
so it was but I would love to have them
in a video one thing I don't want to be
like force like Oh fat chance the only
fat guys in the video only fat people in
the video like it I don't know I was
like glamour oh you just can't win can
you but yeah he's for the flop and I
mean sorry guys for the chewing in that
time my teeth oh all right well I'm
almost there no I'm not you say him but
you look I just feel like I'm gonna roll
tonight and say all right you guys do
maybe maybe I'll see tomorrow who knows
oh hey everyone oh my god I am NOT
walking forever because I am NOT left
when your house in forever I look and
feel so gross right now I'm gonna
actually showered and I got ready but
and I I mean I worked at a little work
that I what I did like bike riding today
and walking and went to this boxing
class near me and so I've done a lot
today but the past three days honestly
the last time they saw me as like on my
way to the shadow show and I am like
never ever drinking again like oh my god
you guys I got I was so nervous I think
or not I don't know got nervous because
because I don't know I just you know be
around new people and like wanting to be
myself but I knew I was being so nervous
like when I got there cuz that's like
kind of scared at the dogs at Jenna's
house down in Julian's house and um I
was just like really nervous I just
wanted to like loosen up so when we got
on the bus they had brought and Julian
was talking to us about this at the end
of the night like how Jenna's just like
but she like buy so much food so much
alcohol from people just moving sure
people had a good time a girl had a good
time she brought so much alcohol there
were so many bottles of champagne and we
had fireball
I just I'm one I'm kind of a lightweight
anyways but I always feel like I'm not
cuz we be like oh you don't seem like a
lightweight and something they might had
I think oh I'm not but I am and um yeah
and so anyways regardless if I was a
lightweight or not I would have been
drunk off all the alcohol drink I was so
sick and I did not block any of it
because I was just drunk a ass but it
was fun like I I enjoyed myself not like
I was like blackout drunk I don't
remember anything like a these people
though where I like actually enjoyed
myself it was a really good time and I
had so much fun but I just drank way way
way too much and I had the biggest party
follower at the end of the night I I go
up and someone was in the bathroom
because I was trying to get in the
bathroom
and someone was in there so I ended up
laying on the kitchen for him so yeah I
basically threw up on Jenna's kitchen
floor and I just remembered Jenna like
um like wiping the thing off and I was
just I remember I was apologizing I'm
like I'm so sorry and she has no your
fight and it was it was yeah she was
like wiping I treated I'm like Jenna's
forever and my woman crush Wednesday
because she is wiping feet out of my
hand my first night but honestly was so
fun the party bus was mine
I met her friend named Pratt who's oh my
god right and I like totally partying it
up to on the bus like just so much like
looking at people snapchats and pictures
because I like did not record anything
but it was fun I know Nikki did a vlog
kind of on like the bus a little bit but
it was really really fun I had a really
good time and this show was really good
and her boyfriend Julian is like so so
nice like so sweet like after I had
thrown out both like I'm so sorry I'm so
embarrassed he's like no he had a good
time so it was it was a really good show
it was just a really good time and I had
fun with everyone Stephen icky and and
Jason and I met finally got to meet his
fiancee it was just really like a really
fun time like I'm really glad I went but
I was knocked out for like two days
straight just like tapping out done to
not want to do anything talked to anyone
it's kind of made me feel like all grows
like bloated like I don't know yeah I'm
like kind of now just like feeling like
myself like yeah I just drink somewhat
have not drinking that much where it was
like coming out like at her house and I
was coming out in the upper and then it
came out when I got home and I came up
the next day like it was it was bad like
it was like alcohol poisoning now I
almost feel like I have food poisoning
oh my gosh before all that because I
feel like I was poison no nothing that's
a big deal but I held a dog I do have a
picture of that well Shane actually has
a picture of that I held a job that's
how drunk you know I was just I was so
nervous at these jobs I'm helping me at
night doesn't want to hold my dog and
I'm like Briana dog and I was like there
was if there wasn't pictures to prove it
I would not have believed it happen I
just I wouldn't have step anyways yeah I
feel like it's food poisoning but I
wanted to hang out with Shane and Drew
and I believe his cousin tonight
so I don't really know how much I'd be
lucky but I wanted to get guys an update
and all that and it's a Saturday night
and I just look a mess like all over but
that's okay friends don't care right or
do they work should I care enough for
myself
booze overthinking dialogue of a 27 year
old yeah anyways I'm gonna like glad to
be out and about because I've been
captive and I was supposed to only got
our assistant last night that's a whole
other story as was about last night with
the a chip or two youtubers actually the
new ones that you guys didn't even know
that I know and then I never even like
hung out with I met one time at a Target
years ago and I was just hang out them
but I honestly I honestly was so sick I
could not get myself together for the
life of me some days but that might have
to be
that may have to be arranged active why
don't the other word okay so I'm getting
close to the restaurant and maybe I'll
vlog but maybe I won't because I'm tired
I'm hungry see how it goes
