hey guys we're doing day two of
lost-and-found
yeah mommy's with me and just walk right
out a little more bright it I know I'm
such a more of a morning person it's
early but Dave o'clock now 8 a.m. and I
just got my hair makeup done of course
angels in my hair and Jose did my makeup
so I'm supposed to looked out a little
more like cracked out Trish so that's
what we're doing today and we're Michael
you know I was like I love the hair I
teacher I'm like feeling it yeah angel
told me was like Evanescence was a
like a band from the 90s it was a girl
that's like how much time do they saying
like or baby spice okay well okay maybe
that tooth but yeah we're going to shoot
definitely at a brothel set so that
should be interesting that my mom's got
some energy in there you do look a
little more awake today you fit the
scene you fit that video vibe so okay so
we will see you when we go by the way
the Maryland there was a Marilyn um
biopic last night on lifetime goal
wasn't a biopic it was called the secret
life of Marilyn Monroe let me know if
you guys watched it but student Sarandon
played her mom who had like these voices
in her head she like heard voices and
she was like schizophrenia or like
bipolar or something and I guess Marilyn
was like that taste is called a secret
life of Marilyn yeah she like started
hearing voices and she like closed the
curtains and be like they're talking
about me I can't work like this like it
was pretty interesting as pretty a
shitty movie it's on lifetime to second
parts on tonight so I'm having I
recorded some applied
but it's pretty good no more dancing
with Gigi air voices in your head turn
hush group okay good that's a good thing
because I was like okay I what if I'm
like this what if I start hearing what's
my head beard yeah I feel like I feel
like I'm like very like up and down with
like emotions so like bipolar I don't
think I'm like hearing voices it's a
pretty voice it's something yeah I don't
know let us know what that is I don't
know what that is but it's scary and I
don't you can't control it I guess she
got medications but she won't wish and
she was sleeping around with like this
head of Fox she like slept with to get
like her first movie and then she slept
with like a director that like loved her
his name was Johnny like in that hand it
was like when he left his wife to marry
her that she had wanted me it was a
weird I was only just shaking she was
kind of like a little hallway but I kind
of like that is that funny yeah I was
like mom like where the no other
good-looking women around apparently not
according well she wasn't that
good-looking and well she was she was
okay but this guy at Fox
they've started doing her makeup for her
and it she's like started becoming
Marilyn and Monroe was her mother's
weight or maiden name - shit Monroe and
then Marilyn want the studio executive
at Fox the studios I could have but Fox
said that she reminded him of like his
favorite like silent movie star her name
was Marilyn so they had Marilyn Monroe
sorry anyways
as in Kenny Emma obviously everyone
likes like your must be the hottest
thing ever but then a President Clinton
like Monica she wasn't like Birla is a
Dino like it was just convenient she
that'd be more low-key but she just
renewed this dress well tonight is the
Kennedy part of the Marilyn
so it got up to the part of she just got
her first big break and diamond for
blondes and then I cotton down then they
showed previews and it's like Joe
DiMaggio Frank Sinatra Kennedy so
there's like upon her bed and start
coming up what did she do Kennedy yeah
oh that's like no no that's like that's
pretty always hush-hush but it was
thought oh no like I think if someone
came no like I confirmed the Frank
Sinatra no people were saying was like
iffy but she was having an affair with
him and like kill her though isn't it
that's interesting I feel can it be good
you know me well what's his damn wait oh
she remarried after all that's right
guys like wait did she remarry but not
that for he died it is interesting
because the whole Marilyn thing me she
was on drugs they were giving her
prescription meds but she seemed to be
pretty monitored so I don't know but if
someone takes drugs you know it's easy
to make it look like it to accident you
know taping with Anna Nicole I still
think there was something fishy about
that too and the porter stuff it was
going on and the guy who the other guy
who was going to have the inheritance
the son of the her husband remember J
Howard Marshall son oh that one he had
died before and then it was the son and
then so everyone that sounds like I
think everyone saw it was like Howard
because he was gonna have a pretty what
is called now ownership aired no like he
was gonna have ownership of the daughter
but it's not ownership as well its
custody of the daughter so so basically
the daughter gets all the money and the
cult daughter thought he was going to
get the
I supposedly cuz they got married and
stuff in the Bahamas but it wasn't yeah
but as supposedly it wasn't like legal
or something so he ended up not getting
it and then the daughter had a paternity
test that's like he went for it but
obviously he knew he wasn't so now Larry
Birkhead gets all that money that's why
he lives in that big house on wife swap
because Danny Lynn gets that money so
it's interesting it's very interesting
the whole I don't I know I don't think
so either but because she was so messed
up you know it's easy to pass California
a pony that's not tell me mom I'm like
mom don't worry I'm never gonna be
suicidal so if I die is a suicide no
it's not real and go find my killer
because I would never so just saying is
someone's close to me tries to kill me
maybe it's my mom just kidding around
oh no my mom and I sometimes get really
emotional I don't have to do so your
parents but I'm like well I don't know
if I'd ever do without you don't think I
could live and my mom's like I don't
think I would either I don't think I'd
want living in my people you have other
kids so you should want like this
morning I'm driving on my way to your
place is like oh you are like me I don't
know my life would ever I could not do
my life without that is what I thought
that you don't want oh okay no I know
I have you know I already there I mean
I'm not too bad but I do know I'm sure I
am the same way I'm the same way because
we have like I don't know I feel like me
my mom always like connected the most I
don't know we have the same sort of
brain and reveal children like sheeps
that's where it comes out of the middle
children know about you gave me a hug
that's where my mom came up and gave me
a hug I was like so nice I love my lunch
at noon make it a respond it was a lot
happening this morning it was a lot
going down but I do love my mom and
she's with me she stays with me I love
her and I was like this putting up with
me when I was crank it and block that
part but I was cranky before we went
over to angels the night bomb day one
and I was like oh you're silly as I own
I mean the lab thank you but what that
was that was a snapchat thing that try
to hide that again today it's just a
natural idea for sick that's pretty
funny we got on camera that ok ok no it
was one where you're like like if I
thought I what the heck I don't know but
see gaze on
grungy today just a little drunk on a
sheik I haven't even seen it yet
even though this is the life of a circle
wardrobe people wow that is pretty cool
I'm just gonna a cheer add to the
wardrobe
beautiful guys don't think I love those
clothes can you flip bets I can see
those sure maybe a little more here put
it down a little bit second see ya
vegans show if I can see a little bit of
cleavage okay I just like to be a little
like me okay now they're gonna know your
secrets right wardrobe secret he's the
best even though when the designer Elvis
jumpsuit lumpy I was just you by the way
like word
like us custom-made by my own pee they
call you Michael P I wonder why yeah you
know man was a cool bus yeah and once I
tell him it's like dr. Phil smokes pot
Michael Phillip I like is your nominees
I'm very excited to meet people who know
my videos my name you might no idea my
god audience once they know we started
with that most passionate just checked
everything out I mean you go from what
they typically change recently outside
of us to you the proper person all right
yeah I'll take it mom okay - everything
all right this is the set here is the
holidays were shooting they're getting
ready over there apart shoot and then
they're this was a real live working
brothel and now we're shooting on itself
see you guys soon with that yeah this is
Rob Lowe over here this is my favorite
part
and it oh sorry and this is the back
stuff this is where I do the performance
it's so creepy but it's so cool
here's the number five oh my I'm so
sorry I'm not having a faux creaking
screaming every piece displeases Jojo
right it's no it look so ugly
oh this is so nice to me like it's so
cool like it's so neat as I'm doing I'm
like showing everything snapchatting is
he scaring me
it looks so crazy when you first come in
and that's awesome
oh right different room
we rolled on this motorcycle watch it
back for you cherry okay and okay
and action
Isaac yeah I think that Andy the eyes
would need to come earlier yeah
something shows
my ego you got then just walk away
what's the next one right I take my
mom's boots I think that I have the
right shoes look at these stairs okay
yeah it looks like the clashing team so
creepy isn't cutting there's another
creepy room yeah this is the outside
there's my mom going to bathroom with
the pretty spits it is like there was
concerts is there any way only it comes
a sweaty knees weak arms already that's
forever on this game already mom's
spaghetti he's nervous but on the
surface he looks calm and heavy drop
bombs but he keeps on forgetting what he
wrote so so so pretty this race hella
guy from here history
Oh
Oh legs hurt so fast work Swati getting
old
so many times if there's a lot part of
the video but we have to share like 12
different ways I'm always a kind of
difficult
it'll go search
Janson
I'm just trying to show my nails off
y'all know y'all already know wrapped up
seen PT oh there was it like hi to my
blog what you got in this is the
director of all my videos Angie on high
these super famous pulling up him from
Joey's videos Ricky Dillon usually the
biggest ones thank you you really did
he's like the YouTube like music video
director he's like amazing but now he
might be doing like feature films I feel
like oh maybe one day the positive vibes
out there guys I'd be like and then I
could be like an extra week a seems like
a background originally washing in it
okay so we're directing we're doing our
first shot well this is our second shot
I guess up today second shot and this
the roughed up one my mom got a little
bit behind the scenes of the crack and
my mom that looks so good yes I'm
excited so we'll see how it goes
in tech city is definitely book let's
build on that between the two of you
yeah that moment yeah awesome
well sounds good to me boss that was
good let's do it more comfortable doing
it it's like I had control like it's
ready yeah and you can do it really
simple hearted whatever you don't want
her though he's like oh that's not good
yeah it does it feels more real if you
start down so I got in the injury I fell
Michael so he was blow-drying it feels a
little better he's trying to repair me
out but I felt on the side just fell but
was missing my head that I felt like it
was like gonna pass out but now my knee
was great on the Randall a shot the
first look so now we're changing in a
second look I got my Pepsi and I gave
one helping me so see how it goes but of
course I'm the dumbass that has to fall
and hurt myself on my own shoot but you
don't get better
okay well the respective sheet was there
a little bit
I'm you know just on so thank God I like
to follow humbug
so the guys holding about this goes like
this actually it's going across it with
it
funny one said she yeah this she I mean
the she it this she taught me if ever I
haven't been right on you yeah it just
and I fell on like a really hard board
like one of these metal things and it's
just it literally I thought I was gonna
black out I was just like so much but
anyways
all right
Yeah right Jimmy study break into
awesome and all good or just walking get
you're walking and you want to try
circularize idea what is that it
me
Oh
oh okay
yeah she's not gonna break would you
want me to confer and you want no no I
apologize my self yes actually
we're trying to really get in trouble
today yeah and and you get loose boom
you turn around
boom Reigate he calls and you run up
he's gonna fall this way I'm just gonna
fall down like that
and I'm right open stepping over it yep
I mean we'll split see let's play this
out and I don't watch the ball race is
going to do that thank you
don't want it one shot
we are celebrating our rap but now
waiver you guys see the video what do
you guys they were so good everything
was amazing
we're joke so here's to you guys hope
you guys like the video if you haven't
seen a link it below probably out but
I'm you see this though you guys my
video low guys hydro granite and until
next time here my kids these were a
little baby
