we're going to daddy Wednesday you're in
it hello look at those boobies she's
ready to meet Mickey
yes done he's at all oh I love guest on
oh he's at Disney World the real life
one is at Disney World and I love him
this is about so anyways we invited my
sister and then we found out she was
like doing something but I'm like she
about my mom's like she why doesn't
wanna come with I said mom she's my
mom's like you got frozen I said yeah
I'm because it's about sisters and I get
to be Elsa and she's like Karen has to
be honest she was that's why why she
ain't coming I think that he's pretty
some people think I was prettier yeah
but PDL says definitely the Queen so we
are going to me to Disneyland for her
birthday oh my god aw hell yeah it's
like usually okay first of all is like
two weeks after my birthday so if you're
seeing this it's not like that much on
delay is just like we went later for my
birthday oh that's probably another
gasps we have other friends coming all
right guys okay so we just went to
Starbucks and look what they how they
have miniprep Pacino's wait you can't
see the size it looks big cut tiny put
yours next to mine so they can see the
size comparison well this is a medium
and that's the mini Frappuccino what
does that say on it it says we oh this
is the s'mores when the mom has the
caramel watching her mom pop this
morning and I had the caramel but then I
am like can we switch and we saw oh my
god we saw a really hot okay so my mom
thinks everybody's a celebrity and so
she's like oh I think that's the guy
from that my mom knows how I'd even look
at him was like knows that and then I
was and he was so Jerry glaring carrot
yeah he was so sexy I know my mom was
just like my mom I bolted out before at
Kelly yeah was a downer yeah no but my
mom like both it out because Kayla's
still getting his coffee and doing his
think my mom bolts out I'm like where my
mom go she wants to go she wanted to go
find him I know her is she gonna go look
at him I suppose you didn't want you to
prep him yeah well he might be gay
though
cuz he's not married you don't want
people are not marrying Oh what kills
not marry I know I'm shaking but we're
on the way Disney and got her you didn't
say there was no it's just an old
Seinfeld thing Wow remember that no he
said something on their episode we said
something about not gay and he quickly
like was in the political correctness
phase right when people are late is
they're coming running game running
thing yeah well we also got some goodies
you got these cute little Frappuccino I
mean mom got these for us and then we
got this little more tart what they
asked us what they want to warm up and I
was thinking like you I think they melt
that down okay I know I feel like it cuz
the day is Disneyland mmm good don't
don't don't let her call me Mom
Starbucks call me and so you can find me
with these
mmm all right so where am i dizzy
who are you sided kill very excited I've
never been what he doesn't know he's
better but then I'm like okay well you
know you would remember your life's a
roller coaster you can't figure it out
oh my god that's like a CSI moment right
there because my glasses on
oops close the limo what is that
partition driver roll up the partition
please
does that call the partition yes
we are over
she drank too much coffee but I'm hungry
for like real food now Kelly and Michael
I just of Caelian oh he said Kelly and
it's not only she's a Caelian you don't
look at me today be happy oh he is not
happy I'm experienced artists
trying to think up the you know caption
you just need some Mickey Mickey Mickey
ears yes you're wearing them you're
wearing a we're getting out your like it
we're no it's a great company where
Janet Chrissy and Jack yes I am I'm
Christina Cali no sodium summer no
Chrissy is the plunge she has to be the
other pigtails Charles in Charge
Oh wrong stone but yeah we're going on a
trip in our baby rocket ships little
Ines we got is to see man I got my ears
the one was not hurt ears
what are you looking for your good mom
every one I get taters about me Sally
can mommy there's no Starbucks you have
to go to a day the special cups they
have like dizzy ha ha oh yeah fishy cow
we are up to five fishies that's not
seen so far five fishy cow it's very
exciting there's Sally same check same
chick on YouTube did you find what you
were looking for their mama the plastic
cups yeah but it's worth it as a plastic
cups have the Disney thing on it's like
whoa so we're just chillin goin on the
first ride weird shit fingers crossed
price the Caribbean we hope to get out
there for me
videos
are you scared Gary the scariest thing
of all is having to pee in no bathroom
where's the restroom right that was
right what you guys think of the ride
convincing Whitsett take a pit stop we
need to find a bathroom
we got
for my family Indiana Jones what do you
say what's in here John say a photo
Bobby's Sally's Leah's photobombing
album pictures of today that we take
photo bombing sort of bombing if I'm
saying our PTO what did he just like
tagline do we know
like the snakes there's gonna be snakes
or something right
all right my problem is right here at
the end of this tunnel I think we're
gonna need a bigger boat
memorable scene was when
Oh
weird look at scalpel back the more you
know the more
maybe Chewbacca
welcome
we get win California Adventure get
arrows girls ever had a churro mom got
some monster Shelly and I were
definitely down for the churros and this
is kales first win
it's very exciting are they are they
beacon yes yes they are thank you thank
you so much take a chair Oh eating table
big one okay all right one for you all
right there we go try one on camera I
get different reactions Oh
'i'm honest reaction you love it and
monster healthy organic gal right there
no this is only for its s doing this for
for the bees
in Radiator Springs Radiator Springs
a single writer come and join us
yeah there's a whole single writer line
in this one people
all right separately that one the
adventure continues
everybody
there's not like so dark in here
I got a lemonade my face get back here
so you can see now we are leaving this
new land and I'm a mommy that can made
it through the day with us we got mommy
barely can't really see us but yeah
we're gonna go cuz it's really dark but
we let you guys know you hope you
enjoyed this any longer I loved me all
my little fishies there you guys were so
pretty and awesome and we will talk to
you soon buddy you hide around us as
long as I'm gonna go surfing
hmm oh there you continue oh thank you
everyone for watching this vlog I hope
you guys enjoyed it and be a part of my
life thank you to everyone who came out
to celebrate my birthday and kales
birthday Thank You Shelli I love you my
mom thanks for always being there with
me every year at Disney and Gale for
being in my life and thank you guys all
for coming up and giving me lab and
making an extra special love you guys so
so so much
