oh thanks but I'm not sponsored by day
because this little coke bottle where
are you moving in Tahoe little little
tiny celebrating someone across from me
who I am my sister your voice is in the
background oh I look at massive Bingley
Chi Lam tonight so I got bird
I'm ready for it
you missed a long time earlier so hungry
now it's okay hey guys this is my
caliche clam Barbie look we just did I
believe it's still on bleached lamb calm
it was live but I think they'd like um
what do you call it like backlogged it
but now I'm just taking out I just have
like a top like a little bit of like
extension not too much in my hair
because it was just kind of like chill
but I was Barbie glam and it was so good
makeup already taught the class and I
was her model and Lilly was in it was
like really really fun sorry I didn't
vlog more of that it was kind of like
hectic cuz it was live so we kind of got
there and it was a lot going on like
Scott Barnes that they're doing like
Lily's makeup and it was just like a lot
happening but it was really really fun
so yes my mom's gonna pick me up and
we're gonna watch the season finale at
the ends with the stars I don't think we
know who the winners tonight I think
they're just doing their final dances I
believe and it's down to rumor Riker and
I keep forgetting his name but it's the
soldier who was wounded who lost his arm
and his leg he's really good though so
sorry cuz I do love him um but yeah so
we're gonna do that I'm kind of hungry
but myself also kinda hurt so I don't
really know I got these really cute cups
in this one says wifey
this one says Trish and this one says
all I need is Jesus and caffeine witches
so at first I can't wait to watch those
and use those tomorrow morning's we are
going to be going to Disneyland angel my
stylist just texted and said I'm hoping
you're making good use of your hair as
I'm taking it down I actually did I did
a couple videos to be honest I had to do
something because the light was going
down I said I fell in my window I don't
only have like youtuber lighting as I
call it so I had to film in my makeup
room but I wanted to use his hair
because it was so bomb he did such a
good job and did it so quickly like I
didn't wash my hair and he like turned
it out but yeah I just had like a piece
in the front just to make this like
little bang thing happen
we just have a Bellamy bang and then
toned it the same color as my extensions
so yeah I've been on the Bellamy kick
again I was kind of obsessed with
Bellamy and then I was like trying to
find like longer extension so with
different companies and stuff but
honestly I just love the quality of
Bellamy hears so much I came back to it
full circle and yeah
I love in the gray hair though like I
only have love/hate with it like
something like always just go back to
blonde then Sanders and I don't know
they'll gray looks so bomb
who can say I look at second man for
some reason if I've changed both better
because I knew you I have been gee I
just know it's something so in me that I
just like love filming like every day
because I feel like you guys are my
friends and I feel like I don't know I
just wanted to talk to and I'm just
doing stuff like this like taking out my
hair there's this windup bobby pin that
I kept going back to and I can not get
it out let's see you need to find the
end and poke it through whoa there it's
all make-believe you guys don't worry if
you don't have beautiful full hair
neither do i Hollywood make believe so
yeah yeah we got together me little pet
I'm gonna put it to bed now
