good morning guys we are leaving New
York today I'm it's bittersweet I'm
actually I'm not happy to go home
because I get to every time I travel I
do appreciate my life back home I mean
I'm always bored and like I complain a
lot when I'm back home but I appreciate
it a lot more but I'm really sad because
New York was amazing obviously going to
the comic book convention me Jason mom
was amazing going to see all the
property shows were amazing but I was
like we're flexing this morning so I'm
really tired and also I feel like I'm
getting sick um I reflected I took a
picture with these I don't know if it
properly showed you guys these flowers
that Daniel gave me Pat trying to talk
back I felt like I was in the show
because I got flowers I'd never get
flowers just because and I just read his
Twitter because I'm kind of catching up
on everything and he just uh he just
shared his whole story with me and his
energy and everyone did and I think that
was the coolest part of this trip for me
was like the support I've never felt
I've never I was humming mamas in the
car both nights both nights when we are
both times out trying to talk back to me
and phantom you know I snapped where I
was it was it felt so good to feel like
people's energy here like I don't know
the people who watch me here in New York
in like the surrounding areas are like I
don't know I can't say that better than
anywhere else but like it's the most
love I've ever felt and like people were
so nice and so kind and respectful and
sweet and like shared their whole
stories with me like people pour their
heart out even if they only got like a
couple minutes like a peach person and
like poured all their hearts out
I could feel everyone's energy like
people were just sweet like everyone who
follows me enough to sweet people that
like get me I got them that was the
coolest part is like you guys watch me
you guys can relate to me but I don't
always get to meet you guys so when I do
it's so cool to feel like a connection
like Daniel 2 because he shared so much
of a story I knew so much of a story
from YouTube and Twitter I just and like
but everybody you know they just they
had their stories you know some one girl
who is an aspiring Broadway performer
came up to me and was like you know
tired I mean to the kids office I
brought with me she's like you know I'm
also your sister in Christ which was
really cool um some people will share
the stories of depression some people
are like we just loved eating with you
some people say they blast I love you
Jesus someone was blasting freaky down
the streets in New York it was
really cool and like at the end of the
day like I I don't ever feel like I
think it's really cool what I do my job
and I love when I get recognized I feel
very cool that's not a lie but I feel
really humbled because like I don't
really know what I do sometimes they
deserve it and like I'm not a super
talented person I'm not like the
prettiest person you know what I mean
like it's very it was very surreal that
people like watch and support and like I
don't know I guess the one thing I took
away as most people are like I just you
know like that you're real and that's
cool because you know I used to get
called fake a lot on the internet so
it's cool that like that comes across
because I honestly don't know how to be
anything but you know I watched a lot of
other youtubers and I'm like well
they're just perfect pretty people and
I'm just not and that's just how it is
and that's just how I I don't really
choose to be on with show my authentic
self this is really just me and I don't
know it's I've logged too much to try
and be anyone else so I'm sorry I look
so crazy I gotta get ready but I just
wanted to share these beautiful flowers
we're gonna figure out a way to travel
with them back they're absolutely
gorgeous and I I just reminded me so
much of all the love and support that I
got here in New York and out on Aston
was the best part and I will come back
just for that because that was truly
truly truly touching so I'll see you
guys soon we're on our way to the
airport well with back first
our rooms kinda crazy but we're gonna be
comfortable I took my hair extensions
out so gonna be an ugly vlog
what is it the Delaware ocean I was
thinking because like Hamilton saw so
sing you tell her yeah that's an ocean
the Atlantic Ocean
what the crews no I don't know how is it
no it's not like oh my gosh you guys so
this morning was crazy there was like a
explosion on Manhattan Manhattan at the
eighth and 44th I think which is so
crazy cuz you remember yeah she hadn't
oh if we set this in the bog I think we
did we were gonna go to start this diner
which is right in Times Square which is
one glad we didn't go because of traffic
but also safety but I don't think anyone
was killed we don't know I don't know it
just look like out there yeah I was like
but that was so smooth this little is
amazing we're matching in our FDNY
sweatshirts we're really comfortable
it's like so much is a meme like on your
way like to the place you want to go
versus going back home because we just
we gave up we're like we're just gonna
be comfortable on our way to JFK Airport
but we're leaving thank I Sprott the
tweets cuz we I just saw that after I
was walking and everyone was like oh my
god are you okay and then my mom got a
tweet a text from somebody and so anyway
it's where we're safe we're good we
didn't hear it so I don't know how big
it was but that is scary and we were
just talking about this with our uber
driver last night it was so crazy how
nothing in like Times Square ever
happened you know obviously if they had
the World Trade Centers but like we were
just saying like how crazy this is like
the second time I've been in a place
where something bad has happened like
when we were in Vegas was like the
shooting and then now here in New York
as I go by it's so scary this world is
scary I hate it so much like this is why
you gotta live each day like it's your
last spend that money eat that cake it's
like you just don't know like about life
and what happens cuz it
you just never know when tomorrow is to
promise know when the next hour is
promised to no one so she's grateful and
I hope they get some food and some day
cool because I feel like I could be
getting a sick but try really hard not
to because I have a ton of videos like
big video things and I have planned for
production this week so we'll see I
thought here's but you're Ross my
Christmas present from my mommy
oh my god Benihana - we didn't film the
whole thing we just filmed reading less
eating while we were sleeping
oh we were so tired but also the people
who were so loud I can't way people dog
I'm Benihana because the food is really
good
and the presentations cool but the
people are so loud it's like a rowdy
crowd in there I'm like okay this is not
it was I was much like cryos I go so
much but I'll see you in at standpoint
as we made it back to LA and I look
rough and this is the worst stage
possibly it look rough and why are you
an okay let me tell you I didn't shower
you don't have a shower this morning
didn't wash my face and put makeup on we
just ruined we sucked and we ran for
playing commotion um so on our flight I
have a little clip of us why I shouldn't
this is ha I'm so not a youtuber as you
just have my camera rolling the whole
time because huh hang on my forehead
because so okay so as soon as we got our
flight which we never do this
we like my mom was like closing your
eyes so I close my eyes and I'm just
gonna sleep and I could stop for takeoff
you said you weren't sleeping but the
reason I was sleeping it's gonna chew it
so I was like okay um anyways halfway
through the flight I get up because I'm
just a mess on I'm trying to get the
computers out and then I go and get my
leg Discover card out like pay for
Internet
the second time I get up I look over and
this guy looked up from I would look
like Jason Wu and I was like there's no
way I'm just want me a popcorn Carrie
Oh got the bird did you get though with
that yeah as a couple but cousin pixie
how do they open them I really call me
on my phone yes all right all right
back to the story so we mean I contact
whatever I want until mom right away and
I was like super embarrassed I didn't
say hi or anything and then the whole
flight I just like tried to avoid eye
contact cause I just don't want to be
awkward cuz I went up to him at Comic
Con I was like really a super fan like I
like spelled like that's out and I was
just like oh my god this is so
embarrassing and also I did not look you
so anyways towards last 30 minutes of
the flight our reflective glass was
really clear so like I could sees
reflection whole time so like we saw his
bare feet
we saw his muscles he like travels
really sexy I was like okay he had like
his tank top on like so then so we saw
him in the reflective glass all that
stuff like that he was travelling with
somebody like a guy and then when we got
off the plane my mom and I were in like
the first row he was like in the second
home caddy corner to us and so what one
woman went off first which I think was
with him and
and another one was like dilly dallying
to them we went off I was trying to book
it can I just fight you said you would
have said something to him I don't think
I was had anything to our friends now
okay okay but like if he didn't what you
think that's what I'm saying which I
won't have what has anything I'll trying
to go faster because he said but we were
ahead of them so I was just like all
back to us when we figured out that was
him come back for that oh yeah so that's
the other thing so they he went to
bathroom and then when he came home we
both looked and I'm like okay there's no
question now that sympathize arm tattoo
is pretty good body his hair and then my
mom's like I'm gonna look when he comes
back I'm like okay that's up she did and
then I did too because like what are you
gonna do just like pretend like you
don't see it like a hot like
six-foot-five guy go to the bathroom
that you just saw two days ago and like
so we kind of said hi in the but he said
hi to us kind of first we always kind of
yeah he touched mom's arm I was like I
was in Iowa's why she's an aisle seat
but he was an aisle co-defendant seen
celebrities like Kevin Costner Ethan
Hawke they're always like in the window
you know they're never used in the
aisles when we travel with somebody in a
sling okay he's in first class Virgin
America first class which was really
really cool
so anyways then we get off the plane I'm
like trying to walk ahead cuz I didn't I
wasn't saying anything I was like I was
kind of I looked not cute and also I
felt weird because we had just gone to a
convention to meet him and I was very
dorky and nerdy so I was like a lot of
one's anything okay so we're walking but
of course he's six foot five so he was
like the longest ride ever and so he has
this like girl and this guy that he's
traveling with behind him and he's kind
of walking ahead of them like yeah I
don't know if he's kind of like walking
by himself and um I could feel it I
could hear him talking and I can feel
him behind me and all of a sudden he
just comes over and he's just like hey
did you guys have fun and we're like I
was like hey we're not stalking you this
is how like stupid I am like I just
don't know what to say I was like that's
the first thing that came to my mind
because I don't know maybe he thinks I'm
a weirdo that like
booked first class in every airline and
then when someone said Jason moles on
this one go there I thought maybe I
don't know I might think that I don't
know I was like okay so he came over
he's like just have fun they kind of
gave me like a nunchuck I don't know
what it was and he's just like laughter
except the stopper things to this we're
not stalking you kind of just like
ignore that which was great because I
was like I love upper right I just say
that and then he said you know he was
oh no he's like you know I said hi you
guys when I came on the fleet you know I
recognized you guys and I said hi and me
and my mom has been sleeping or some
shit because we obviously would have
said hi or so I don't know did you see I
was doing my phone actually Jen not and
we look at everyone's on the way hi
everybody
that was it was crazy and weird us
anyhow we never see anybody when we're
hours I go with home ec anyone
I'm telling you the New York to LA first
class Virgin America I always see
somebody but that habit of just my mom's
like well no I mean that's arena my
mom's like well not really because he's
having bad yeah but none of the other
superheroes of all the superheroes I
couldn't on the plane Jason walk comes
on no I'm not complaining at all oh my
god I was just so confused by it that's
why I was saying it's random no it was
it's a nice mm-hmm he's so nice like he
just kind of you know set his thing and
obviously like I I shouldn't like I said
I should have been recording at least
audio of it because it's like oh it's so
great but I kind of got him when he's
like walking away that's kind of like
even though it's like kinda creepy
people do it to me I don't know any
discrete bits like whatever
right
um obviously I was gonna be like I mean
I didn't want a picture also I look
crazy so not that I would have stopped
me but he was doing my sauce and
everyone else that like recognized him
can say hi to people and yeah it was
really a cool ending to our trip was
like we went out to see him when we came
back on the same flight and it's pretty
good
and his water bottle rolled out of his
bag and my mom's I thought that since we
had her okay that what happened Phoebe
I'm so close I could have touched those
feet
I know yarn and did you see me huh did
you see the pea yeah baby cuz he had to
sing out but would they make ya tall
they were long really see he's like such
a hippie I love like just like hands
their feet I have a bird on a plane on
the way there to New York come in like
that I thought he looked great
he just like was all put together for
guys I guess I look like I could always
look put together because they just have
big bodies and they just look good fun
anyways that was really exciting
I was really flustered I don't know what
it is I act like I'm like actually like
oh I'm just like a boy I like and except
he's married with kids and I'm like oh
my god it's like I don't know it's like
high school again where you see like a
really hot person I don't know how to
talk to him is very weird like that was
him in Donny Osmond those are the only
two people I ever get like that around
him more so because like I can super ox
but anyways put them all this is travel
pretty like you're gonna see Jason Momoa
on a plane that so you should always
travel a moral of this story this blog
is always travel through always travel
pretty like Jason go without an extra
take showers do that I swear I never
look this crazy when I travel we always
look somewhat put together but today I'm
just like okay we're doing first class
over in a long time what we did on the
way out we gave up on the way back I
guess whatever and we're matching I'm
like he's gonna think we're always
matching when we're together he's like
wow those girls always bad but
I was like Oh God when were these like
baggy a show for the third apartment
okay I don't think that's what he
thought either
anyways I loved it it was great it made
me happy even if I'm a silent observer I
get really weird and like don't say
anything I don't know okay
I would've been annoying I come here I
go away from me but he was very nice to
say hi like I said I probably want to
have my mom says she would have I don't
know I think it's weird I don't wanna
like fall back and be like hey what's up
let's walk together and plus he walks
you professed anyway so
oh your friends hey hey what would you
side tell me how old you said to him hey
hey how was your weekend the Galle your
daughter okay how was your weekend yeah
hey oh my god it was an adventure it was
really exciting so it's good trip back
I was nervous the whole time on the
plane my heart was beating guys like oh
my god what does he think what is he
thinking I did not give a shit that
claim but I was just like hold I'm like
if I think I'm talking if I think I'm
like I don't know I was weird
I'm not I love Jason Walla and he's
everything anyways that was a very
exciting ending to the trip so now we're
going home I need to shower which I
showed up in New York but that's it I
think you like to say mom shower time
so we just got home I'm all shower to
feel so good I hadn't wash my own hair
and so long shade showered I feel fresh
we just ordered food it's like five
o'clock here with it cook East Coast
time and we are so exhausted so we're
gonna eat and go to sleep I know to bed
with my hair wet because tomorrow it's a
big lamb day I have so many shoots this
week that I'm so excited about I'm gonna
be exhausting but it's gonna be worth it
cuz in two weeks I got another relaxing
vacation to go on so well as one's kind
of hectic
next station will be relaxing and this
week I am so excited to share with you
guys what I'm doing so back in LA stay
tuned for this week it's gonna be good
we got pizza and pasta cuz we didn't get
any of it in New York so we're getting
in LA but this is really good so I am so
fine with it
we try to get it in New York just trying
to work out why didn't you
hey guys so it's 3:00 in the morning
and I think I have to cancel my shoots
for tomorrow and Wednesday which really
sucks cuz I had a a lot planned a lot of
people coordinated for it but I went to
bed really early after we ate I just
feel really sick
so we'll see what tomorrow brings I just
stayed up to call text people so should
you be here early that's not feeling
well I think it's strep I can't really
swallow so tomorrow I'm gonna be dealing
with that itself vlogmas might be really
short tomorrow
but when i go out get my tea and yet
some look urgent care cuz it still my
strap that's not fun
so anyways I'm gonna have this vlogmas
try and get some sleep
I tried to get some sleep I got a few
hours so I'm trying get some more sleep
now that I've texted everybody it's
really sucks I had so much planned these
next two days but I need to rest so I
love you guys hopefully you've been
enjoying these long bob misses those of
you tell me to make him shorter will by
becoming the next couple days cuz I just
I'm a computer and the reason I wanted
to do this outro as clay went to cheeky
fishies I've been doing it after you
lock miss so it's like going to bed and
not saying you love you to someone you
love so I love you guys anyway cuz he's
my little babies
