I just like ripped off these sunglasses
off of my head so I think I just think
now that my hair was like anything but
anyways um okay so mm you guys this
morning I woke up and when I stopped
I'll get his name but guys like Berry
Gordy I think it's like Julian Thomas
the third I think there might be another
name in there but he played Berry Gordy
last night at Motown the musical and he
tweeted me and he's like I heard you
were at Motown the musical last night
and I hope you enjoyed it and I was so
excited cuz he was like the star he was
so good like gave me chills like the
whole cast was so good like Marvin Gaye
I believe our game was good
the girls be Diana Ross is amazing
little Michael Jackson was like my
favorite day ever but like honestly like
Barry Gordy then I would be like oh just
was oh my god phenomenal and it gave me
chills and then he he he tweeted me
today and I was like so excited so now
that I'm at let me get a full stop okay
let's just see his name because I was so
excited I like tweeted I like texted my
mom like oh my gosh should I have a
Berry Gordy to to me and shake you know
him like no so random and Julius Thomas
occurred oh I think I was I was really
close Julius Thomas the third tweeted me
I was very exciting I was very excited
it was so much fun and it was really
really cool
so anyways um yeah I felt like I have
something else to tell you guys Oh a
meaning count Wilson I was gonna tell
you I mean this one I'm doing say so I'm
gonna go out meet Cal for some lunch
talk about some things some bangs and
bongs
so I have this like a special power or
secret talents if you will or maybe
secret is a secret but I feel like I
shouldn't say like I just I don't know
but I'm gonna say it that's something
whatever it is it I feel like I'm this
like master manipulator when it comes to
one thing like I'm not very good at
manipulating people I know what I want
to manipulate people but I am a master
manipulator when it comes to getting to
go where I want to eat I don't really
know the exact like technique how to
break it down I'm just okay so I really
want to go to Lucille's today right but
Cal only knows this BJ's place
sighs this mom and so I don't really
wanna go to BJ's I don't love BJ's it's
not like my favorite place to go I don't
mind it and go there but I really want
to go to Lucille's which is right next
roaring I love that place think I get
takeout from there all the time except I
haven't lately because I don't want to
like eat that too much it's so bad for
you but you're like just not healthy
whatever they're gonna go there stay
because it's Sunday and I like whatever
I'm just gonna like not eat healthy
today and like whatever um and so I like
I want to go so this is like my little
challenge and you guys are gonna witness
this like I really have a hard time
going there we'll see where we end up
but what I like to do is like give
people options so the first thing the
first way I like manipulated over to
here he's like oh dude first you're
gonna make this place the water and I
really don't wanna go there but again I
mean I'm okay going there I wasn't like
gonna be whatever but then he calls back
and said oh we can make it smoke which
is like oh that sounds so much better I
could rather go to the mall um craving
it so he's like we could see you at that
BJ's place but then I'm thinking in my
head I'm like Lucille oh he's super he
has super healthy so I don't know if
that's a good option but anyway so I got
him here's oh let's just go to the water
I said oh no no the malls like closer to
the freeway let's go to mommy we have to
go over my place anyways after but I was
like let's just go to the mom and she
said okay well then so we're gonna meet
at the mall at like the top floor of the
mom and so now it's gonna be depending
on where we're going and so I am like
one of those people who likes to either
kind of sway Vic oh it's better here or
I kind of give up my options like oh it
doesn't matter like you know I like bow
a toilet bowl you know there's just like
you know seafood at that one place or
you can get pizza and sushi and chicken
fingers and I just try and I can entice
people more towards the way I want to go
but like no one ever really knows but
maybe they know maybe I'm not as smart
as I think I am but I don't know I feel
like I have a gift of like always wanted
to go where I wanna go to eat I know I'm
so weird like who even thinks about that
I do but yeah um that is what's
happening I really want to go see pitch
perfect 2 so bad I don't know if it's
gonna happen today it's already 2
o'clock like and I want to go see what
my mom so oh my gosh I just hit 3,000
miles on my car crazy and you go get an
oil change um but that looks crazy how
fast that happened that's insane
but yeah I wanna see it I wanna go see
if I'm up cuz I want to see Flula and I
like I love blue lolly I have not seen
flew in like a year but honestly like
he's just so funny and I like love him
and I cannot believe he's in pitch
perfect 2 like I was a fan like the
reason me and blue a collab is like I
was like a fan of his I got this not he
was so funny and I was like oh my god we
should like to a video and so he came
over and did a video for my channel he
was so cool about it and so awesome and
I'm so happy he's in pitch perfect -
like I love pitch perfect
I love Flula like it's perfect no pun
intended but you know so that is the
agenda I'm really trying to vlog guys
for you I'm trying to blog more
frequently
I hope it's working
I don't know hope you guys are like in
but yeah I got my everyone always asked
me everyone always asking where the
sweaters from like literally in videos
and realize like everyone's like oh my
god where'd you get that sweater I don't
think I mean I think it's cute I mean I
always say bond I think it's key I don't
think it's like oh thank you wherever I
go my god where did you get it I think
it might be just like the sleeves or now
it's like something different but I got
to have free people but I don't know if
it's still there because I got it so
long ago I've heard people which is why
I should haul things I don't know do you
guys like my hauls on my main channel
it's just one of those things or it's
like I feel like people are getting kind
of sick of Paul's like everything was a
haul and we're like I'm sick of it I
don't know what I feel like I can tell
you guys when I buy some things you guys
can buy it too because I feel like now I
bought this like a year ago and I'm
gonna like oh like we're gonna edit
goodbye Randa I'm like oh it's free
people so it is all right I'm starving
now it's 2 o'clock and I had a cookie
this morning I need to stop being those
cookies I was so over those cookies and
now I can't stop eating them when I'm
hungry I talk with you talk about this
each day I'm having deja vu here I can't
stop talking about one with hungry but
high bananas
I need to just get a habit of having a
banana in the morning when I'm hungry
because honestly I was doing that and I
was working out great awesome oh my god
I don't even want to tell you guys I
have so many exciting things like work
out why it's coming up like I have I'm
doing a bunch of cool fun classes so I'm
really excited about that
but Dad will just come later I'm like
missing all these lights like all the
lights
I don't know anyways guys I have so many
exciting things coming up I am so
excited about it I just want to look and
feel good and do awesome things I'm just
I'm so excited I'm so good I remember I
felt like a weird pilot show at that
place the Doubletree Hilton um I
remember filmed it it was like a poker
reality show but it was like terrible
honestly if they did a poker a light
shone as awesome it'd be great I did a
few a few reality shows for like poker
but it doesn't really turns out like I
don't know something doesn't like get it
right but anyways guys I am almost here
I should probably text count and see
where we're at and we're turning green
so I'll see you there
this way
that thing out there
get off
that's gross
there are no barbecue tripod right now
Barnaby tripod I put them on the way
over here like watch I'm gonna get under
the seals I can like manipulated to go
to Rosewood feel that so excited about
it so far it's good
the hellokitty you don't want me to like
get one feel like but I saw this and I
mean I never got many people right I
don't either
thank you you've given me a lot first of
all it's Brad who wrapped this I know
what you did it you have a friend wrap
it for you i am aiways because i'm gonna
rap back like no killed and not rap back
if I can't even like that have you do
you have this no I don't know
it's nothing really
I love Hello Kitty because my good
friend my Japanese friend he was one of
the beginning persons that launched
Hello Kitty from Japan maybe more me
well you heard that from Carrie oh my
god Kelly you're definitely not like the
benefits of s I'm lean on all of you not
I'm not that nice well you're very nice
I don't don't like that
I like this putting a smile on your face
I mean I actually got some in handy but
I said she would want my luck they never
have so
I mean that with you I wouldn't have
went shopping with you Oh buddy shopping
with you it's just me I don't know
entourage of assistants to help me do
you bunch of girlfriends I like one of
them
that's how easy it is to clean the
garlic Hello Kitty stuff anything you
went out to you
perfect oh my god I broke it no I didn't
actually supposed to go up
this is so basic habla
Oh
lay it down
pity everything that we do here during
your house with our nail clippers well
you know I think you should probably
coorporate that into your mind
something like that yeah oh my gosh any
like little pieces apart with your
panties don't know
oh my gosh yeah that way you just put in
there was like a senior starter horde no
guys you need a bass like dad boyfriend
ever this is so few and would you like a
little kid it looks like so cute
these no longer look right here on the
bottom of it
what is out enough yeah little no it's a
trinket bra that hangs off your phone or
whatever yeah yeah I love that you know
did you ask them or something I didn't I
didn't make this stuff
so now I always love you I mean we like
it don't be like little fights with
number of bagels because regardless
we're brothers and sisters in God you
know you've given me a lot of joy a
little and I think that we've worked
owns like the van Halen song and all
this of music and stuff like that it's
been it's been numb to think that I've
wanted to do musically and some of these
things you'd like made possible that's
like it's kind of like been really a
rewarding part of our relationship I
mean this is a friendship we have
friends that you know you basically give
things at you necessarily you didn't
realize they were even gonna be things
that your
to get like this is something I'm tanzic
in giving but the other things that come
through that like that the other person
doesn't even expect that's even for you
know me so that's the kind of you helped
me a lot in so many ways so I've done a
lot of people sometimes don't get us but
it's the yin and yang kind of aspects
well yeah that you fill in a lot of
things that I kind of like I guess maybe
need or enjoy or
anybody that thinks if you don't give
and you don't like do provide people to
come come
so much like there's a lot of people I
know that just you have a very very
giving party and watch what you did
fully through who's your mom
I used to divert and all that stuff it
was to me another
Johnny intestine cow somewhere and the
daughter as a person should
and citizen
this is symbolic
