hey guys so I am driving to miss Sharon
roses bridal shower she sings baby
showers not gonna beat them going to a
bridal shower have her little letter and
gift card and there so I was like I
emailed her mom and I was like does she
have like a registers and things I know
for my brothers wives bridal shower they
say like registry and you just got
something off the registry but she say
oh she was like gift cards and sent me
like a thing that she did get part that
is so smart and not only is it smart
it's like so easy for us to buy so I was
like I know perfect easy like Sephora
gift card got it so I think she liked
that because she hadn't it's like a glam
girl there are girls I hope she'll like
it help and their vegan makeup at
Sephora I mean her mom said she wanted
to get card there so hopefully that
works oh my gosh
this is lo the row that I'm always on
when it like starts moving over there
but anyways yeah um so yeah feeling the
great hair have you guys seen who's my
green here yeah I haven't even blogged
with my gray hair yeah I didn't do this
like on a whim oh yeah you did on the
caliche clan promo shoot I did on a whim
my sister did it I mean I feel it right
I can feel it and I also have a new
phone case it is a wine phone case which
I love you can get these off like eBay
or Amazon they're like so cheap but yeah
it is a beautiful day on the beach when
I'm so busy today so busy Alex I booked
myself so much and I'm like why do I do
this to myself I don't know I always
think I wanna get everything done in one
day but then I'm like lot to do in one
day so we're in the bridal shower and
then I'm shooting the episodes with
lemony entertainment
I don't know thank you I'll tell you
there YouTube might know it but I think
somebody made that up but oh my gosh
like I'm doing eight episodes of them
and guys I'm wearing I'm wearing a
jumper again I'm like obsessed with
these jumpers I feel like I got to do
like a full video like I just love it
you don't worry about pants or skirt if
they all match I could just all goes
together this one's from Boston Proper
yeah there's my jumper and I'm gonna
turn that
so yeah my mom's gonna come with me to
the shoot I really needed her help
because I have eight changes and I just
can't keep it all together and I it's
always I throw everything around so it
gets wrinkled so I just I don't iron so
I just wash if it's wrinkled so my mom's
coming to do that and Tracy who is one
of the producers on it and she also was
at the podcast I did was Jason and she's
also one of the wing girls I'm here on
YouTube I was like yeah my mom's coming
can you like put on a list or something
to make sure she can get her shake yes I
can't wait to meet your mom like they're
so cool so I'm so excited like I love
when people are like well like that cuz
I'm I'm like oh I'm bringing in like so
and so I was like well we need to get
them approved of Lola and like it's my
mom like she has to help me with my
stuff my mom's like my assistant I'm my
assistant basically and I mean I love
her for it but we're also going to push
a tax return I'm free because we're not
Motown the musical tonight too because
it's our birthday slash Mother's Day
present for my brother so we're going to
that and yeah so it's gonna be a crazy
day I just make phone case I got my new
Elias I'll clutch wallet from my guy
friend it's so weird
you need a term when you're not
boyfriend girlfriend and you're not
husband wife that you're not fiance so
you need like a term like but it can't
be like fuck buddies like it's got to be
a cute term that's like more deeper than
a friends with benefits and not quite as
serious as boyfriend I don't know what I
say guy Fred but that's one's even
weirder and more suspicious like I'm not
sugar baby which I'm not I've already
done a video on how I make my money but
I don't know it's weird um this week was
totally shot with my eating healthy well
you know what is I don't I don't have
like healthy snacks in my house cuz I
haven't eaten these cookies I could send
to me I got these like cookie of the
month sort of things
and they're great and they're so yummy
and I usually not crave them because I
hate them so much but when I'm hungry
like when my stomach feels hungry I
grabbed one it's crazy
oh I love them by their we're always
gonna you just wanna go on a plane like
I don't know the airport I ever heard
about those crazy Georgia people say go
to the airport because next plane
leaving work on it wherever it's going
we're going I'm like I was gonna do that
but like it kind of something like
really stupid to like why would you
waste money to go someplace don't even
care for me what if it's going to like
Nebraska no offense to Nebraskans but
I'm kind of more calm now because I had
to shoot with old videos this morning I
had to wash my sheets MacLean ladies are
coming I had to kind of clean up my own
clutter mess before they come then I
knew I had this bridal shower and don't
even lay my head like write a card for
that and I didn't know what I was
wearing which is never the thing when
you don't know we were in you're like in
a panic mode
and then I had to you know call me Mom
and arrange stuff with her pack my bag
my bags in the back for the shoot today
we're having eight different outfits and
then what else and then okay and I'm
just thinking about tonight like I hope
the logistics how many of back are we
gonna over there where we gonna eat
that's always a really big question so
yeah I feel like way more calm now
because I feel like okay I got I kind of
know what I'm wearing for this I know
what I'm wearing for my shoots the 8th
episode shoot so I feel like a little
better but anyways I better like focus
now it's three fly most people flying
when they come to LA LAX you guys have
to find LAX know that I see you I see
you often I come down this road often so
I see you yeah I look like a watercolor
like Giorgio of Keith set a watercolor
Peters because I remember we started
watercolor for art class can you water
literally to show you everything at this
stop laying doing the most don't look
right here I'm myself myself kill myself
charm bracelet this guy's like moving to
get away from me he's like what the heck
and learn unless I'm just looking going
to me like being conceited I mean
looking to me or not being up see that
but yeah
come on Lanie I can stick myself forever
oh I see it's gonna turn great take us
out straining right I guess you do
Breslau okay so we're here at Shannon's
bridal shower and we're we're in the
YouTube section over here are you guys
gonna be on it or no everyone suffers
there Mason okay miss amber Walter we
have Sara Rusch we have Kristen Kay and
what's your youtube I know your love
what is it Jeff you love Jessie laughs
okay so we're hot that you too terrible
Shannon's final show today like I love
it
yeah all their links below a youtuber
thing we're not gonna drink I just like
the dairy they said the kid is so hard
but they look great so I'm like maybe I
should just give again guys their skin
looks good yeah like look how wide it
could be it could be like all of us this
is a really reading but how much was it
oh I think it's cheap I think it's like
a couple hundred dollars I don't think
it's like crazy about their cameras no
like it's like a thousand dollars
no no this is something from their
videos
you guys are the same ones camera - so
money those machine and I had our first
day over there at the Depot just
memories I want to eat it so I just
looked and shot or if they had to come
shoot with levity entertainment so I'm
about to do that and just changing my
first outfit we're doing eight episodes
so we'll see how it goes this is the
view from yeah head like rush over here
and change all that stuff but I think I
did it and I powder my face getting
ready we just wrapped wait what channel
is it si si Oh girls girls and we are
filming at 11a wait for it but new it's
a new show and I'm using it it's my
camera I'm a vlogging here telex warp
like when you give zucchini yeah
so we disrupt it and so I think well oh
right yeah oh my god this girl is
amazing say lines I mean come on the
weak girls you guys have yet to ask on
your show okay when my god like the same
always helping fighting each other real
name that I always call them Jen start
with yeah this is everyone here at
levity on the show so check it out wait
for me wait for a little comedy shots
yours always come below in this thing I
feel like I'm I look up okay good
snapchats not a video it's just a
picture
really so we just wrapped my mom's here
to my mom cave tell me if I watch scare
my babysitting you know you pull my
clothes I honestly I didn't know what
kind of thing is gonna be signing my mom
there cuz I was scared cuz I didn't know
but now we're gonna go home and I have
to go the bathroom do you really oh my
god I had to go and I was like oh shoot
but it was really fun and I was really
glad I did it and the reason I was
getting confused is not saying didn't
know the channel it was because um I'm
saying comedy shot so I thought the show
was kind of shocking like this is your
host Trish for comedy shots and I'm like
all the channels
what's point what's on point I don't
even know so I was like oh that's I
think of me so don't think I was like
you terrible but I think that right look
at she was the snapchat you did your my
mom's like she like family are you
falling asleep like what is happening
so we're leaving now and we're gonna go
back home the bathroom and change but
now we really like this whole day's been
fun to be honest but yeah we had a sale
tonight for our date night so it just
changed I got home and we wanted to like
get somewhere but nobody made
reservations this is this is the bad
thing about being me is like I always
have to make reservations everywhere not
that enough leaving you what I'm saying
like I forget so when I forget it never
gets done this is why I was to make
reservations cuz if I forget then it
doesn't get done but out slow long
because she probably forgot to but I'm
just saying I got my birthday we didn't
get to go to my restaurant I did make
reservations so anyways that's a lot
other thing but we're going to have it
when I wanted my mom says she's excited
as long as she's excited okay yeah okay
and so we're in the Cooper because
parking is hard at the Pantages we're
running PDA just so this is our Mother's
Day birthday present from their Motown
the musical so see how it goes
right now we don't know what it's gonna
be like but we're excited
no I'm excited so alright kittens is
that time I am in bed I am a makeup off
it has been a long a day I know I
haven't seen you since they were right
over to Hollywood buzz because this
battery died my phone battery died it
was just a big hot mess but it was
really fun um we ended up loving I'm
what homies call we did not like we
didn't know what to really expect but we
were like something don't like it
because you know I don't really grew up
on Motown really but like I knew so many
of the songs obviously cuz they're so
popular but it was really interesting
because was like more of the story like
what Motown was how it started like the
you know the progression it made and I
thought it was a really good show and I
would highly recommend it even if you're
not into Motown or like you don't think
you would be like it's a really great
show if you love like live theater their
voices were phenomenal the guy the
little kid who played young Michael
Jackson was
amazing I shout out to them for she said
Matt I'm a fishy I met this one girl she
was so sweet
she was so awesome she was like there
was a group of them and like prom
dresses and said oh what's taking
special occasion she was this is like
our anti-prom like they were like it was
their prom night but they wanted to go
there and said their prom I thought that
was like so cool it's like something I
would have done she was gorgeous and
then I'm an 11 year old girl she was the
cutest little thing ever and she had a
little like cute like looking Chanel bag
and then she's her mom's gonna take a
picture of us and the girls like no
won't my got it and she did like a
selfie it was so flippin cute she was so
sweet and she came up and as we were out
of the raft I was sitting down I just
loved her so much it was so much fun
like that honestly was like the
highlight of the night and obviously
spending time with my mom so that was
fun it has been a long day literally
from start to finish this morning hair
makeup roof fixing filming my own videos
cleaning people coming over washing my
sheets organizing everything car
services the bridal shower posting on
social media shooting shooting episodes
of comedy shots and driving back and uh
bring and during just the show I mean
it's just like a lot for me but it was
really fun and I had such a good day so
I'm glad I got to bring you guys along
for the most part with it I think you
did a pretty good job at vlogging we'll
see what I want just back but I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog I really like
vlogging for you guys and I'm really
sorry I can't upload every day I try
really hard but my internet is just very
very slow like it's it's it takes a lot
upload like one of these it takes like a
night to upload one so it's kind of like
you know with this I mean channel I'm
trying really hard so I don't know I
will I was trying something my game a
little more and just be a little more
maybe prepared but that's why they're on
delay is because I have to like have a
bunch ready to go and upload because
when I'm gone for like a whole day I
can't like upload a bunch of videos so
anyways I don't know if that was boring
there was nothing needed to say but I
love you guys so much I just I love
seeing you guys in person and hugging
you and just thank you so so much um I
have such a amazing life and it's
because of you and God and I just both
of you guys I just needed my like
so it's a really awesome day I can't
wait to just sleep tomorrow all day but
I love you guys so much thanks for
watching as always I want to say hi to
Macrinus and it's next time like it says
when I love with ever bye guys
