hey everyone so today I am so excited I
am finally doing well
no it's not the actual day I'm doing the
Collegium promo but I'm so excited
because it is I've been one I've been
like me and Lily I have been talking so
long about doing a glitchy cute lamb on
her her little like website glitch I am
calm and they do like makeup tutorials
and she gets a call these an amazing
hair and makeup people to do like show
you guys like show people how you know
professionals do hair makeup which i
think is awesome because so many hair
and makeup russians don't want to share
their secrets
so i think it's really cool that she
does these and I guess my makeup girl
will actually found through Lily Ari
she's having another tutorial she's done
it as well before but she's doing
another one she's doing a Barbie one re
said I would love to have churches my
model I me and Lily have talked so long
from the want might look things like oh
it's definitely we've talked so long and
we've never like actually gotten to do
this so I'm so excited a it just all
works out Ari is gonna be there angels
gonna be there to do my hair and then
afterwards the grants dinner with angel
Mia Zeus it's gonna take a really chill
fun day like I'm really excited like I
mean it's just gonna be so much fun but
I'm in traffic my mom shoutout to my mom
for getting my car fixed so I don't know
if you guys remember like a while back
and a blog is that the when I did the
style haul draft party is that um get
your tire pressure checked and I was
just like is this urgent like it kind of
looked argent because it kept flashing
it like wouldn't go off this like it's
probably what argent but I put it off
for days don't put it off for days
because I'm lucky like my car is has
like a never flat sort of tire meaning
like if it goes flat like it doesn't go
flat you know what I mean I don't know
if that makes sense if you have a
certain amount of miles to write on it
before it goes flat and it wasn't my
dad's Corvette - they had that so I
don't know if it's just in certain cars
or all flowers now I don't know
um so anyways the point is is it had a
nail in it and I'm so happy my mom got
it when I went to Vegas I gave her my
car so my dad could park at my house cuz
we all went together and so we always
like drove her so it kind of like worked
out perfectly when Mom got my car for
the weekend then then she like totally
serviced it it was so nice of her so
shout out to my mom I have gray hair oh
yeah let's just state the obvious I feel
like I just did this this morning my
sister just did it and like we're still
gonna like turn out it's like super gray
right now it's gonna be well after a
couple washes it'll be more silver like
how I wanted total sidenote as I was
maneuvering my way across lanes I
remember when I would come out here like
15 just laborat if as my dad and we have
driving in LA my dad's like I need
concentration we're driving in LA like
it was such a big deal and when I moved
out here permanently when I was 18 with
my dad like I remember he would not let
me drive in that leg la is so crazy like
it made me so scared to drive because my
dad's like oh my god Ellie's so scary
like I'm not gonna even drive there like
you can't drive in there and it's just
so funny now that these cuz I remember
being on the time to go to like acting
classes when I was like so young and
like going on the tend to go see do the
Greg Behrendt Shawna's 18 like it's just
so crazy and I don't think I'm always on
the time but I always think about that
because I always remember being like
always like really any concentration
we're driving in LA which like you juni
concentration in LA traffic is terrible
and like we have terrible drivers out
here but like I just think it's funny
that I was like so it's just so normal
you know I don't know I don't think
about it but some people are like oh I
hate driving in LA and I actually was I
thought about ubering but then I'm like
oh god that's so just so pretentious
like oh my god let me just over her it's
like yeah it defeats the purpose of yeah
I guess having a car right I don't know
I do like my car and I do like driving I
enjoy it and I was figuring like oh I
can well I don't know like something
where I'm just like by myself and like
in my car talking you guys I really
really enjoy so
yeah but I can't even see anything I
don't even know what it looks like but
these jeans were so tight this morning
when I put them on they were so tight I
need to get walking again
oh my god this person isn't literally
taking a picture me yeo-hwa yeo-hwa that
person oh I hope you guys gotta see him
in the thing he's so I'm like trying not
he's like piecing like there's he did go
up so for far oh my god I'm gonna move
you guys so if he does it again
honestly ill like honestly ill like
full-on driving trains at the side take
a picture here he comes again
like what a creep you know uh-oh that
gives me just such a disgusting feeling
you know yeah I don't know why that just
bothered me so much I don't even know
like that's just gross like okay stare
whatever don't just like take pictures
you know I don't wasn't trust me it
wasn't like a viewer coming like that
like it was this like old me I'm like
being creepy it's like a girl and
they're like ah sure like okay yeah well
but like that's weird so yeah so yeah I
have no hair and makeup done because
like I'm thoughtful point of these
tutorials is to get the hair makeup done
so I feel like 19 or some lette I want
this that creeped me out like just don't
even are thriving in saying today but
yeah I'm listening to some cover song
sorry eyes like pee you know that wasn't
my nose it's like me I'm like scratching
it I have some cover songs he's coming
up on an album I don't know if I talked
about that yeah well she had this purple
blob today where I talked about the
title of my next album which is
superficial bitch
and I'm super excited for that song and
that whole album to be honest and I need
to get over this guy is like Oh giving
me the creeps
Oh feel like I'm getting like molested
with his eyes like what so that's coming
out what nos I need to get my nails in
tomorrow well I watched yesterday I know
I'm I was walking a tree oh my god so
I'm gonna start doing like dance classes
like adult dance classes it's not weird
like I want to do ballroom cause it's
got a little dingy to start so much I
don't do ballroom classes I want to do
hip-hop classes and I found a boxing gym
and I'm gonna go back to my gym I have
like so many like excitements to do
these classes but literally these next
like few nights five nights or whatever
I'm like so busy again so I don't know I
Nev had classes during the day but I'm
so excited start these classes I don't
know I'm like so stoked about it because
like I just need to get my arms in shape
like I don't know what it is but like my
arms I've gotten like I don't know my
arms were never like a problem area I
mean they weren't like I don't know it's
like weird but honestly it's just my
arms that bug me now like everything
else is fine my arms are just like
bugging me and I just wanna get like
toned I don't know they're like thick
ass arms lately but what has
I'm gonna make the guy's arms in I guess
this was gonna be but I don't know she
look like more rounded or something
mmm but I think like dancing and like
boxing and stuff like be fun and I don't
have to feel like I have to just like
lift weights of Joy's lifting weights is
so boring like how do people lift
weights like I honestly would rather to
have 500 pound arms each like it
honestly would because lifting weights
is the worst I hate it I hate it more
than anything like oh really
salads and look the weight I don't know
I don't know where that came from I need
to stop doing this cuz I'm going to have
to pee so much but yeah so we're going
to the caliche clam offices and so
excited I am so plated I have yet to see
them and I've just seen them on like her
snapchat and stuff so I'm so excited
because I think my crew my peeps and you
know hopefully it will give you some
cool kind of scene shots if I can but
yeah I will link it below i oh you know
what I think live actually oh shoot but
I think you didn't wash them if they've
already been recorded live but I think
it's live on that's just no that's not
right okay
what is it this morning and it's kind of
gross but like waking still no it can't
be I think it's the 19th I don't know
it's sometime coming up but yeah all
right guys well I'm going to drive and I
want to sing a little bit in my car and
I know how much y'all well my car is
singing my boobs are like out of control
today I don't even know Daniel that bad
this morning but I'm looking down and
just seeing boobs but I will see you
guys when I get there this is gonna be
on caliche glam homicide website yeah so
we're starting filming the Barbie look
it's gonna be on bleep cheap lamb back
home I'll link it below if you guys
wanna see it Arya's doing my Barbie like
with my great hair
she's the Barbie with her pink hair
you've never been on my video
oh my god that's the next that's the
next tutorial yeah
what happened people wonder why we make
the or how they make these when you
don't leave your dryer
we just got done doing Thunder there
just got done Edie
basically call you to try every disease
everywhere
the boys over there yeah Oh
they look like this
you know it
like an empire
no panty liners
I should get a little bit of hair it's
break them in on their via earrings
whether you're gay or straight anyway so
guys you're jealous
boobs on a daily does nothing for me
ooh
women in general more judgmental to let
go
she doesn't go bows and if you deal with
all her clothes off perfectly in the
weight of addresses and on her body it's
just no fun
there's no sweeper there's no hump day
no nothing this woman had every right to
be confident cuz her body is amazing
straighten single
videotaping
Oh
but I gotta have a map
yeah
ladies
