hi guys got this bedroom I'm gonna put
it down again Steven so much else was
giving so much love again I love him I
can't recall what I did mine Cory when I
was trying to look for him brothers
working there now - and they're both in
GLP area so he doesn't remember it was
so crowded in there oh my gosh I found I
found Kyle again I got him on I couldn't
find his brother that I got him on vlog
though : yeah
yeah we're just leaving to get back
three ending the weekend with my daddy
did you like that scary that actually
actually scared me my vlog CEO was
vlogging and stealing my no okay I
decided yesterday and I'm seeing them
again no I am I felt like it I was like
I owe the business I can be in a row but
he's so to you
you except I know he's so cute and now
he's never logged in the blog where's
your blog yeah I carry yes you're
probably more subscribers than you they
all went crazy for Kyle I'm trying to
make my own for hell what are you gonna
do you don't think about doing services
have been in a band kids like to reach
down and ask questions about like life I
kind of want to do like a real
quiet-like talk about like puberty
adolescent you should that's right
it's tough yeah like they can send me
questions I'll answer them I'll get like
real answers not like school like what
you do know I do this know there's like
a karaoke be fun because yell theory has
subscribers you have like no subscribers
right now I have serious what the
clothes this will be five dozen Kyle
rush what is it are you TCH my last
night and it's pile rush poor cow cheese
game everywhere we make em wait like
literally film every time were like
let's build web loves he's so cute he's
so cute imprison guys he looks like a
little prince what your girlfriend say
would be so like what the hell she loves
did she love it
they look crazy I look like so
you see any lovers
okay so yes you guys have probably is
that waiter
I'm here with I mean in the colder day
and I'm with Tommy so happy that someone
called him I called me and I called him
someone on Instagram made the analogy
they're like I don't know Keller joins
the hierarchy stirred and I was like
Howard - feeding me drugs he's like that
was they tried to feed me kale and juice
somebody was talking about how I was
like somebody asks what would drugs in
my own and I'm like are you gonna vlog
it Disney where you can do a proper vlog
where you like piece together the whole
day yes I would love to do that
you need to do that that's what's more
interesting but you know what we were
talking about if we were gonna like the
worst time we'll be out of battery juice
11 o'clock I'm gonna bring an extra
battery because these you know that's 18
I own thank you he's on a juice cleanse
apparently he's not eating
everything I want to get the fans back
yeah I get to do a shirtless video who
is all shirtless never let me go like me
thank you so high
he's like Vanessa I'm like you should
really be single he's great but I'm
trying to sabotage it just get an or
nose girlfriend here she's lovely but
yes we would bring extra that guy was a
youtuber okay we would bring extra
batteries but we're going to dissing
them together how do we do the extra
battery thing I think using it oh get a
movie get a movie I have one should that
chart is your thing I look so pretty in
this thing ilex careful on your vlog I
guess looking at my cooking not just
some of my B's and this one I'm like
gorgeous
I had a looking for Kyle today kind of
some you know I don't need a color
enhance it yeah we got Mike Calgary
jealous that we see Kyle are you jealous
are you sleeping
I'm seething you seething meanwhile
taking selfies with them dying I think
they're better friends that I am Richard
Grieco hi it was self-immolation Richard
Grieco look what what happened
did you watch some 21 Jump Street or
something why are you really
John Alcock cocktails
there's a whole story behind it really
pretty great guy love you going through
you hard case sir I love that analogy
you were born Anna oh my god we need to
get a trim spot deal you need to hit me
truce Bob my homicide unlike your hockey
sir was never her manager but it was
like he's her manager you know I mean
like she never said it was a manager but
you always just like came and h2d food
with you know they see like pizza and
pasta together and she get really bad
what am I gonna make sure sighs I don't
want to enable you like we did her so I
think you are an enabler I'm a good
influence on you this girl right here
pushing me into YouTube and getting me
to do certain things I never danced way
to be it's my system my favorite Amy
leave him I was always saying I don't
watch my blogs see what I say about you
I'm excited yeah I really really more
like our guys we common about it can you
come here and see him what's happened
yeah and stuff oh yeah I gotta go like
his picture but my battery's about to
die but anyways I thought it was a very
exciting chicken factory
Oh yikes oh my love you
