pepper mill where they have with this
sugar even I don't get coffee this time
let's teach you in Vegas so excited to
eat this I'm gonna get my hair washed
it's been here it looks like make it
back to make up a while nice and bring
out the Elvis tonight
yeah
I like to say self outfit oh my gosh who
the ball inside of the Nobu mind I was
explaining to me the technique at
gambling
but I feel like I can't share it with
you guys I feel like it's a secret but
it works it works really well my dad
likes it's fine me and he's like okay
one well it's not really a secret but
it's kind of interesting no secret we're
going back in over oh yeah I can't I
can't have a reveal
but you guys we crash I've got 1200 and
they had put 200 internal so I'm going
to take the 200 and gamble plus I have
another 100 put you who's with me I'll
use the technique that my dad but
there's no buttons in here so cool oh
yeah r4 no the tiny I told me yeah I'm
sorry I never win a slot machine ever
and when my dad's technique put your
birthday thank you daddy that was so it
was really cool so excited but my hair
is fast my god we're gonna wash my dad's
my church
come on cooking she obtained and we made
a blowout might given big it done hit
you
playing juice and makeup
a bunch of those stuff just a nice
perfect face and makeup nothing crazy
a little examine the Caesars Palace
shops I didn't go crazy
that's awesome Valentino Street I really
like that really $3,000 and I don't care
no one's two guys for you there how do
me but you so that's the makeup Muay
Thai out I'm not like the basics for a
full face but I'm not gonna make
sentence I just spent my hair so thin
and short um so maybe you guys can come
get ready with me that'll be fun where's
your Vegas Hall when I get home so yeah
is here we actually did some we'll get
ready with me but I actually put it on
it might mean she can't all cuz like I
feel like I was I gotta make up for
beginner sort of thing but yeah I did
this whole face in like five minutes
like nothing and crazy so yeah I just
feel like touristy things you guys were
wondering like what I got from Caesar
they didn't really get like anything I
just thought that's in Vegas like what
are you sure I wanna do like a full
thing on it but Danna I'll shake I said
arms like not that important but yeah so
I'm gonna go get dressed now and there's
and there's Donnie Enrique's you I love
this trip I love Vegas it's so fun here
oh my god did you order it I got here
last time guys I forgot my deodorant
it's like my favorite daughter I use it
up tone I want to get a full stick of it
so yeah it smells so good oh this is
going on a favorites because this is a
lady speed stick like the best show ever
I'm not kidding you like this is oh I
love it so I'm gonna put some of this on
and get ready and I'll see you guys soon
we're here at Benihana inside of the
Westgate
tickets there's the Benihana village
they're exciting I burned the Elvis
outfit once again with me Elvis rings so
we are going inside what what oh you
ain't ajuna close that oh you're -
really yeah looks good then I'll go to
bed
yeah
you know what
the word skate which is the older Fulton
and we are second row for Elvis receive
it
we research
just got back places to put everything
but um yeah we just got back in we're so
exhausted oh so tired at the Elvis show
was so amazing this is the last night in
Vegas this time I'll be seeing this view
for a while it was such a good night so
comfortable it was comfortable that ever
charged
yeah anyways um so exhausted but feel a
little better every time you look a
little more refreshed but yeah
Oh such a good vacation and um oh I
thought my birthday dad's birthday and
I'm excited to go home tomorrow but
honestly guys meeting you guys
is like the highlight of my life so by
the way too I were a vlog with people
that come up to me unless they ask are
you logging or convenor blog so they're
like who are you vlogging today like me
yeah like you want to be in one and
they're like yeah yeah you know I they
all say yeah I guess they know you know
but like if I don't ask you to be my
vlog is nothing like is this like I feel
like weird to like film people if they
don't want to meet them but if they're
like oh yeah I wanna be in your vlog
that okay cool so um so yeah I was like
really just I don't know the people that
I've met today the girls that I met to
see were so sweet and I think about them
and my dad it was with me and um he just
like he's like what does that feel like
you know how people come up and let me
know all right girl can eyes me in like
saying I love you and I'm like it's
honestly a feeling like like it's the
total euphoria it's more loved than you
could that you could ever possibly feel
or maybe it's just the most love I've
ever possibly felt like it's just it's
this weird over whelming sense of love
that like you're perfect as you are it's
such a great it's like an acceptance
sort of thing where it's just like a
stranger off the street I mean you guys
know me but like you know someone I
don't know
I can totally accept me for who I am and
what I am without being related to me
here knowing me or any of that stuff and
I think that's like so cool and I just
was really feel this like we'll have an
acceptance of one another I just think
it's so important to feel that way and
just know that if I ever meet you guys I
feel the same way I just love and accept
you for who you are don't ever feel shy
or shamed or embarrassed of who you are
um you know just I love you guys like so
much and you're all beautiful girl
they're gonna chose you are so beautiful
like it's like not even like funny like
how gorgeous you guys are but um but
just know that um you you that you are
like I I look at girls that hunger than
they have insecurities or they say oh I
get picked on for being fat or I get
done for this and I look at them and
they were so beautiful that it just
hurts me hurt that
that Pete that they would even feel
insecure because they're actually so
beautiful it's like so crazy it's like I
don't I don't get it but um just know
that you're like always enough I don't
know I just always have to like tell
girls like you know when they see me and
some like that I just want to like hug
them and tell them I love them so much
because I do because you guys are
awesome to watch this I tell my like my
dad's like what do they do they just
like watch your life in the kind of like
looks made the second channel and they
get kind of and he's like why why do you
watch her and I said I don't really know
but I'm really glad they do because I
feel so like loved and like you know I
get it though like I watch vlogs and
like it just did you know other people
do and I just I just got really lucky
that people like care and not the cool
feeling and it's overwhelming and I
honestly can say I mean I love spending
time with my family that was like
definitely the whole point of this trip
but aside from that the best part was
meeting like people that watch my videos
because that's just in a lot of times
your parents come with you that her
parents were with her and I was just
like they're just so sweet
and it's just I just mmm it's just a
really cool feeling I just I'm really
glad I'm not that I can document it and
um look back at these one day and be
like wow like this was a cool time and I
remember being like happy and this time
so anyways I'm exhausted we haven't
really flight tomorrow and very so much
thank you for watching I want to say hi
to it Ranas and a nice time here my cat
says well whatever she is
you
