there's the attack before wait can we
just say what time it is is let's see
it's my birthday by the way
153 am I'm a birthday okay go ahead by
the way I explained plug this go what
okay guys this is a funny thing what we
weren't gonna vote about this because we
were embarrassed but then after the
outcome we had to long story short
Trish's friends with a youtuber girl who
on the side kind of undercover sells
porn clips of her like fucking things
and sells them so I mean she was telling
that this and I'm like I need to see
this and she's like no no no she's my
friend it'd be weird I'm gonna shut up
all bye bye and then I'm like wait I
feel we're buying it so then drew bought
it your dollars right $22 this what we
thought was her and her husband fucking
because the video is called like husband
wife cock something and it's like them
on the couch naked like almost niggas
were oh we're gonna see the fuck it's
interesting to see a youtuber fuck right
yeah you guys would we watched your
vlogs and stuff too so to like get
prepared I know all her blogs though
yeah so then we start watching video and
it's like them making out and then we're
like this is really we were watching
people that we kind of know or you know
about the Fox it really weird and then
they pull out their phones
making sure that can we I wasn't into
that part I so yeah you see them like
kissing making out and stuff and then
another hitting now and let me grab
their phones and they're like hold on
we're about halfway through and then she
starts going oh I got my husband's
credit card oh yeah you can buy some
shit on Etsy okay we should make sure
the gifts on Etsy we should sound prime
that yes he won't even know
and then jokingly I'm like oh my god
what if this is 22 minutes of them
buying shit online and with all the time
without they're gonna fucking fucking
fuck and then they don't yeah they're
just like bullshit we should get that
new iPhone cover though what about that
cookies from David's cookies calm though
and then it ends with them going okay
guys we're gonna go fuck in the other
room
oh and she's like keep working at that
nail salon husband
dumb bitch we're gonna buy more shit
that was like the whole thing first of
all tell me who these people are again
and how you build her I'm sure she their
name come on Shawn oh yeah Shan okay
it's my friend but I feel like it was
drew or Shan I would do the same thing
like that would be curious to know right
any of my friends made porn and sold it
buy it and watch it yeah so I was always
curious I don't watch porn but like I
don't know we're talking about it and
then then I saw them two together Mike I
don't want to see some bug because they
talk about like fucking on the first
date or something like that or like the
third date or something so it's like I
wanted to see it and how long did it
take us to finally get the clip up like
we started on the math bug we started
buzz persons are downloading online it's
like an hour and a half to download via
IV the w-wait bitch wmb bitch 2015 okay
WB nobody has WV so then we had to he
had to download in other systems or I
test you download another system that
didn't work then she gets a PC out of
nowhere plugin that doesn't work then he
has to do a system update it has been
three hours to see these motherfuckers
buy shit online literally with their
feet up by just crossing their leg you
must watch our people turned on and
jacking off to this that's the question
I don't know what fucking buy shit with
my husband's shit
I fucking fingering her category oh yes
blurring I don't know and it was $25 it
was all right for joining two dollars
yeah so I was really let down like it
took us a long time to like get this out
oh man
what was called cock so we thought that
she was gonna be beating his dick up
right yeah we don't know what cock is a
fuck is like another can't you just call
her so skype her and then they'll fuck
in front of us can we call her second
should I say that day you'll know that
whore aren't you I am
whoa she's away everything I was like a
prank say you're calling youtubers Oh
she'll love it if we play her link in
the description perform like fuck yeah
no what are you to blank check out her
vlogs haha okay well so this picture
tour
nope and now I'll just be like hey what
should be like hey can we survive
oh don't lead with that what's he say
hey hey birthday Tamizh I feel like I
should respond with this say hey me
Shane Andrew bought one of your porns
online and we just sat for 25 minutes
why'd you buy shit online what the hell
was that
what is it something that's like
important on the hurts our feelings oh
no like because we want to see your
father speak oh we just bought like a 20
minute cup of you like shopping with
your boy Frank where is the one where
guys go fun no no no y-you have to make
it seem like while you gypped us cuz she
did she wasted our money like he said
maybe we should say something to it so
she's not offense your art form that
she's like oh like this is subtlety this
is art I just wanna make sure we trip
stay true to our feminist instincts my
man his instincts by the way two seconds
before this vlog he pulled up oh yeah I
don't know don't even say another girl
getting a hot wax poured inside of her
and making her a human candle that was
for Shane I know that otherwise he would
take his sexual aggression out on other
people so I was saving the world from
him by letting him live his fantasies
out digitally so weird she's like not up
right now I read it three that's what
you said
wait so first she said happy birthday so
I feel you say thanks to that you showed
a little Weiland how was that the rest
of the message who I have been piss it
wait so if I say me she did you are
watching this it's always daily so we
don't waste time if we don't need to
it's all I'm saying really do you think
so no just write it are watching your
clips for sale are there any sex one no
no say we just downloaded this one and
you gypped us yeah no I should that's no
Cosette's oh okay first of all it's so
creepy to be like where's the fucking
ones that's creepier than being like
bears like a joke like bitch we just
watched you shop online babe Oh
our Eclipse mm-hmm yeah we're not trying
to actually see them fuck we're trying
to tell her she shipped us so me and you
are watching your coaster - OMG OMG we
just sat through 25 minutes of you guys
buying stuff online what the hell was
that okay
we want to see some cloths and dicks so
just do I say we want to see some cocks
and pussy or no what is that I don't
know you talk about like this with her
no I don't really talk that much I'm
going to a bridal shower with our family
next week I also feel like this makes
awkward I'll just say oMG Mia Shane and
drew are watching your clothes for sale
we just have to twenty minutes of you
shopping online yeah with that picture
and then right what the hell okay my god
I dissent it your dad oh my god it
wasn't bad it was bad
we literally now she knows we spent $25
on her soul about that's true check it
out I don't know if I think she wasn't
even water I was okay like an all
sincerity I was like generally
interested in like seeing her like
fucking 1% no I don't I don't judge or
anything like any youtuber if they had a
sex tape I would watch it any youtuber
yeah I would a hundred percent like if
your YouTube out there please press X a
so you can watch it cuz I want to put on
a sex tape but I don't have anyone to do
a sex tape with but I would do it what
like that Oh drew drew in Shane's exhale
oh my god no why do you do it oh my god
so awkward I hope she's up delivered oh
my god
I'm nervous I'm so nervous you haven't
texted you at 2:00 a.m. and be like hey
I'm watching you like well that wouldn't
happen cuz I don't sell cliff doesn't
mean jerking off online um but if I was
comfortable enough to do that would you
be okay oh yeah if I love myself I would
come all really Wow ching-ching does
come aboard lacy thinks it's gross that
I come on my stomach
sorry mom I think it's more gross that
Shane comes all over the place
I'm a sweet little boy coming on my
tummy eating a little cupcake and
Shane's like sorry oh that's you do your
sex tape with the cupcakes on girl do
you know any castle do any council yes
my friend can yeah I know
no I'm gonna do the I want to do
anything underage my hands acting for
the youtuber oh my god in the comments
below tell us what you to Ryu and pick a
sex tape with I would you pass human no
cuz you would just be her buying shit on
and then you die but let's find shit
online if he's a boring so cute
no I think you should do with all the
Shaytards oh no oh no no what about then
the sex tape could be like fat sex tape
because everything big fat son fat dad
fat sex tape me and Shay Carl having sex
like our bellies just reasons I'll
fuckin girls see you got a picture - oh
you know what what's that
Oh JC and Kayla Kailyn yeah I was fucked
them both at the same time
mmm rickey dillion hook it up mmm does
she know right back down I don't think
she's up she's definitely out I don't
think so and this move really awkward I
wake up in the morning oh my god Oh Shay
upload this vlog for real yes she can
tell me
