alright so we just want to to skip a few
by the way this is a new blog so it is a
day before my birthday and I wish
finding second we had all the time I had
a blog well one word in medieval times
which is the best birthday present ever
Shane thought of it I was like oh I
would never in a million years ask
someone to teach in real time cuz I was
like that's sick expensive not only are
we going around Hynes
we're getting the royalty King package
and that's like VIP Queen it's like VIP
I see you every year with my dad when
evil times that I haven't gone in so
long for my birthday yeah I got this
train didn't love it did you know I wear
gold Jory or did you just like guys like
did you not oh my god because I was like
I were cause he has no idea your heart
necklace but like that really means
nothing to me so when I got this I was
like this is my new layering thing I
think oh so now we're eating cake this
is the sampler one that my mom got for
me on Tuesday but we were like overload
sweets and once I just taken Holmes and
I have someone eat it with was it good
mine's gone which body so who's this on
this plate again Elsa Elsa she looks
very judgmental on this plate looking
edgy aliens all gone really great me
that was like like look at that though
it was like porn like you just like it's
like I should all I love it that she
looks so happy
I love it well this is good and you
never really finish your dessert so I
must have been really good really it was
every taste oh my god it's a royal day
because we had princess oh yeah his
treatment
oh my god I don't know I go I know I was
like oh my gosh I guess so this is
literally the best ever my Patrick's
came out today like it could not be a
better day came out today Meachem magic
number one I was gonna walk later
tonight medieval times and then we had
this cake it was like I had to vlog
right now also guys leave a comment
don't you think she should have her own
talk show on YouTube cuz I do know I
mean I want
yeah you have a little set you have like
fucking pink shit everywhere dildos
everywhere fucking and then you can like
it real like you know listen I love all
the other youtuber talk shows but using
it real you could be like alright tell
me about but tell me about your
chlamydia tell me about my porn stars on
it would be so fun I mean I came down
for that I definitely less asking people
STDs it's always fun I mean I will think
of a good title for it are you she comes
over here is it like new ideas for you
and I like oh I just always get like
well you didn't get me the on the music
video now and I'm like hooked on music
video they tell them like I can't stop
music videos now but I want to do those
so I get inspired but we'll figure it
out I don't know you train one Weah
training video
a reaction time do you just watch my fat
chicks with her side what do you get
pressure what do you think of that
actually I sigh like I I was told that I
was in the running for pizza today I
want to drew in the video this is true I
do want all my I wanted Ricky in it I
wanted Janet I won drew when I come to
ask my friends I feel bad because it's
like we were there 13 hours and I just
feel like you guys have more important
things to do than be on my finish a
fight I think you're always busy though
do you feel like you because you don't
really tweet that much and so I'm like
lucky cuz I mean somebody was sleeping
the whole day he actually drew I want to
show you the man we sleep like that
okay I remember badges true caught me
friends two guys there says to me they
can have any little bag with dogs on any
point to the brain especially favorite
part of all your presence is the baby
really like no I left the candle hello
to them wig so we have figure that out
but yeah those are some melter you put
it under the song really oh that makes
it we're going to medieval time
so excited we're on our way we're on the
uber hey and look at me oh I just saw
something really gross somebody blur it
up no I don't know how this got that bad
in um no but was really exciting she
just told me lo he hasn't eaten my video
which I say youtubers never ever support
me in I've never even met him I was real
excited he's so nice so Shane and now
will you get for me we got him in the
clique I mean you didn't tweet about it
okay tweet about it
I've watched okay okay I respect so I'm
just as a wench and dress as a witch and
then you guys are dressed as dress is
the guy with body dysmorphia the poorest
person here you actually look like you
should be a worker of edible time so you
have along here that's not with my
outfit no maybe like oh I'm like
supposed to be here I don't have my
costume because you put me in one a
hired yesterday yeah my I'm 84 getting
dressed up that's gonna be s over yours
okay
never getting ready to dress up for
medieval times for a victor first of all
my crown wasn't big enough my head so
she had an extender after her name
we're out here in the courtyard slang my
lord my lord
I'm doing Lord and Savior we've been
snapping we've been ramming it's like
what is this is YouTube now too big
hangout face us dreams and the crown and
drew a t-shirt I'm gonna greet your kids
tonight he's just like Doug those little
dad yes dad and you even said that
you're like where's my daddy and I like
oh there's actually gonna cute
my daddy
yeah because we hurts Oh somebody
where's daddy
oh my wait saw the guy at the Castro sir
with like it's exotic job okay that
makes more sense and hot backs I thought
you were just like where's daddy and
you're like daddy yeah why better like
you're right a thing what is this pi√±a
colada
no auto-tune guys remain a video where
he said that youtubers use autotune it's
embarrassing
he was not talking matures he's talking
about other people everybody thinks is
that my trash but I didn't use origins I
really use it
silly music well Wow then he got one he
genuinely does he makes me listen to
them in the car it's not ironic I mean I
know it's amazing that like what you
hate listen to me like is this nature
should be just music and go into medical
time and let's do ab mashup right here
right now you start to know man all
throw in some little girl lockers okay
it was really good good this is the
other day I love to Epica my past that
was really good as like vinegar Oh
little girl is lost and she's looking
for an answer
Oh methought cheeks wait I'm a
particular a little II my life is tough
chicks lately where were you at I love
that one they're blowing the Moors I
feel like we need to go there blowing
for us so
Oh like care Abraham is my horns and
maybe the little time balloon
we meet again
maybe dragon
you ready
yeah be in front you
we're down
sign
uh-oh
it's like 10 minutes before my birthday
and now I what is ma oh we do the models
so we don't have your line House to
discuss can I mean kind of I don't think
you guys see me on the same in real life
this feels real this is like so real
well jenna Marbles in my house so crazy
you looks come on cocks pics ha oh my
god okay I get this woman thing I get it
you look so good where's the bra you and
Eva Braun and how did I get your chest
you looks ready you ready really Criss
Angel oh yeah yeah the worst thing we'll
ever like roll them hey guys
okay we're gonna make some shit
disappear in your backside Chris I love
you but I don't want it right in that
way this is this real fucking here yeah
I was about to expensive it's from Etsy
it's a can made wig if you want yeah I
feel it
any thousand or do you love it I love it
so good you can keep everything
micropsia with a shirt off like sure
would you sure know like a shirt off I
thought the same yeah kind of oh this is
a do is that Kylie Jenner that Chi Chi
that Bruce Jenner very much filling
originally Bruce Bruce Jenner challenge
Kylie Jenner was at my house
Holly Jenner's in my house title I do
feel like honestly if Bruce um when he
transitions he kind of is he needs to
wear something like this cuz that dress
he showed answer was fugly so oh so uh
and I'm all about him transitioning I
love it bitch got scream get it bitch
but don't wear that knowing where this
you angel angel oh my I love our like a
so close now in friendships that you're
like okay with wearing like a woman
night sure
rally and loving myself feel myself good
when chambers came out of nature and I'm
like look so much but you know you look
like one of those like MySpace yeah Oh
MySpace that's your tinder picture
though oh my god so cute so where does
like playing around now you're not gonna
wear yours I gave a really big mouse
what would that girl sound like just me
why don't you give her a full girl
makeup I do want you I think we do I
like I did you like you Kylie Jenner
look I gave you like Kylie Jenner lips
with that hair well yeah let's do it but
did you carry German well you can never
have enough Kylie Jenner video that's
what I say Kylie Jenner here that's
beautiful I love that oh my god
I'm inside birthday this is what we're
doing I'm so excited for the vicious
birthday I've been waiting for a while
been hosting a lot of bulletins about it
you guys mean so much to me it's my away
message right now I'm at home okay well
thank you guys for being mr. Perth at my
party stupid taking out my hair right
now guys I want you to know oh those are
the most actually I'm gonna suck these
titties what oh my if I were in there
were some words there like I am any of
the actual stop I just took um with my
closet super love outfit oh my gosh yes
we're gonna creepy if I had a like I had
some things like I have all these little
Shane Dawson sorry today little creepy I
wear this one I want this one so bad
okay
fucking good nigeria for your birthday
though oh my oh I look like fortune
Seamster with my hair but
okay Shane is Deidre makeover just for
fun not even for a video and he hasn't
seen himself yet so ready
just like Brittany Furlan means that her
name Berlin FRA a my bloody my first
clue is that I touched one piece of it
and I'm very ready oh my god are you
ready ready ready for your reaction
you're a look in the mirror pressure
like what if I just go no board of the
best jet you need lots of light follow
me oh we were to follow me that both of
you he's the creator you're the monster
yeah means like hey ready
I think I might be ready hey look it's
less than I was expecting but it's also
a lot more now you have to back up a
really good face no just like just like
it's normally right oh my gosh
and I'd really like make my cheekbones
look skinny I know I scream on I mean
debase is really good I'm not gonna lie
like you had my Lena color is off with
the contour is on I contoured your
cheeks and your nose I can't bear that
face about laughing oh yeah oh my god we
just broke a look like what just
happened fucking go I mean sometimes how
often how often I was so scared I told
her I saw it go how often has it
happened before like maybe one really
nerdy girl I'm really a boy honest I'm
sure a girl
you literally the eyes I did something
with your eyes - I like sunk all right
I'm nervous I'm scared nervous you don't
look that bad it's really weird like
you're like the prettiest one weird you
like be around me wanna know if you got
full drag queen makeup and they like
really digit you you prefer yeah yeah
yeah like if Willam gave them a makeover
look
that was like really pretty good be a my
name is Oh buddy
