I'm looking for socks to go with this
outfit my friend Henry is in town guys
when he hears something crazy how we map
um oh there's so many white socks
yeah um these no more news before we
Matt on my cruise that I was on so it's
like we kind of just kept in touch
because like I don't know we just did
and that's how I make friends easily
just that always trying to my socks
always in a jumper though I'm like so
obsessed with these like jumpers always
in a jumper but yeah I have to go like
literally like not dragging my feet but
just like doing the most before I leave
the house stuff I just got the new socks
make me feel like I'm I think I like
come here oh oh
so if birthday flowers behind me I'm so
excited yeah because I've been like
loving jumpers I've been loving them so
so much it's like and you write a book
about him I love him so much but so yeah
so we're cheating out for a birthday
yeah we're two days out for my birthday
and um really sad to spend this one
tonight with every kiss tomorrow I guess
this one it was Shane and drew and
that's when you're like sighting and um
and then Friday I'm going today I guess
so yeah Mike heads I'm just obsessed
with these things I just can't get
enough good in my life they're just
super comfortable and I feel like
wearing them you kind of look a little
put together more so than just like
going out and flip-flops I don't know
that's why some feared because they both
are casual but you know what I'm saying
maybe um so yeah I'm hoping to be neat
p.m. chains what do you think the
chances are we e PF Changs I don't know
but I'm excited and I just got this
Pierce adoption I've always heard so
much about it but you know like
cranberry juice I mean so yeah yes I'm
really at the Durban offseason
okay I'm gonna multitask here because I
have sunglasses and things I'm gonna do
before I get too bad and I did not blog
with Henry but I didn't make a main
channel video with him and we sang so if
you guys want to check that out
definitely
on my main channel trialing a blow if I
remember to shit I hope you remember I
forgot my extension so back to Marilyn
hair and so I'm gonna now just transfer
the rest of my photos from my digital
camera I love doing this at thunder
nights like actually really fun relaxing
I just transferred this through the
Wi-Fi to my phone all images on this
device so searching for the Wi-Fi and
then on here I just connect to the Wi-Fi
so that's connecting and then it's all
gonna show up on my phone so I can copy
it to my phone and wow that's work doing
that I'm gonna be taking off my makeup
so I'm so exhausted it's like literally
11:30 I'm just like so tired and I I'm
so glad I can sleep in a little bit
tomorrow because I'm just so so so
exhausted but I had so much fun Henri is
so amazing we guys we met on a cruise
like okay here's like a performer on a
cruise like it's so crazy how you meet
people nowadays it really is but it was
so great to see him I was so so happy so
those are being copied I think those are
quite copy so I'm gonna just take some
say yes to cucumbers and just take off
some of this makeup which I should
actually put back in a headband because
I don't think I'm gonna wash my hair
tomorrow but okay oh they're loading
really fast she should have so many on
there but and I should be in front of a
mirror which might be just a whole lot
easier which this is a good idea in
theory but I'm definitely gonna need a
premier
I'll take you all a little move in the
bathroom right trip here we go much
better lighting cries I was like um I
just couldn't see angel if you're
watching ain't they try seeker had a ton
of angel things I was sick of angel
though not one I literally just got this
shirt though cuz I wasn't gonna convey
sleeve shirt really comfy sleeve shirt
so so much burger that's okay though
it's so sad wiping off the baby at the
end of the night eyebrows not on fleek
this is a relaxing it was so fun but I
swear I have been so busy like really
like so busy like it's crazy I don't
know what it is there's just like I'm
willing things my mind happening and
it's like I never really get like this
too often but there's a lot happening
and I don't know I mean like over blood
chip break off I think after this next
album can I'm doing eight songs on this
album it was gonna be only four when I
went to eight I can't get for this next
one I'm like literally gonna go on
vacation for like a month and I'm like
two weeks at my house just doing nothing
but I know if I could just do anything I
feel like I'd always want to like be
making you too because I watch other
when I watch other people do youtubes it
makes me want to do YouTube so when I
just like okay remember like film tape
then I see people filming like or doing
their videos it's up it inspires me as I
know I don't have you ever stopped
making videos I just have a lot of fun
doing it so I look so crazy right now
kitten is beat off accidentally took it
to match one else did I want to crawl
bed and I'll look at the pictures and
then go to sleep so I don't know I know
this probably wasn't like that exciting
of a vlog
it was literally me getting ready to go
out and I'll be writing to go to bed so
yeah I'm just boring whatever but um
that's gonna be good enough for now yeah
yeah can't wait for tomorrow I'm gonna
film some more and go to utilize
insulated so yeah I love you guys so
very much and thank yous for watching a
little crazy but I love you you know
once I had around us I don't like summer
kisses my little bit
