so this is my breakfast I've been eating
every morning for the past three days
and I've lost three pounds and I really
haven't changed my eating other than not
eating after five and yeah it's crazy so
I start with this and then I have a meal
around like 3:30 4 o'clock and then I
don't need after that and it's like it's
pretty good a pretty good diet and I
kind of just did it by accidentally I
weighed myself because I been going to
the gym again and I weighed myself and I
was like oh my gosh I like last week it
was crazy I mean I know I like been to
the gem too obviously but I had gone to
the gym for the past three days so when
I weighed myself up oh my god this is
work it's a business worth day on it
by that I was really exciting so I got
it so my hair looks so crazy I'm getting
it done but I decided this Beverly
Center is I buy my hair salon and it's
my boobs falling out I decided to return
some of these seen the wrong bracelets
because they're really small for my
wrist so totally the would turn on the
tag is where I'm going
the tag is on one of them but I took off
the tanks that's gonna wear it right
away my gold bracelet so oh I don't know
I think one's definitely returnable and
or chair works like it's never really
wore it so if someone's getting in so
better the time you know oh are you
kidding me they don't take online return
beside you seems to grow more I'm happy
with
there's the toilet soap regime but yeah
it's cold yeah my
they felt very to bringing pants we have
a sweater feels so weird without
extensions I am getting my and I keep
saying this I am getting my ring for leg
extensions back but I don't know I just
feel like I clean this hair but I am I
think next week gonna get it back I want
to dye it gray so I'm gonna do that but
we're going down oh yeah and then the
hair salon
I shouldn't girl named Shelby do my hair
today because Asha the girl who normally
does it she just had a baby so Bradley
I don't know Thank You Priscilla driver
with the broom okay thank ya
exactly barking everywhere Nelly
okay my mom is here she picked me Apple
and I just finished filming in birthday
get ready with me because this is my
first birthday dinner celebration of
course besides the Vegas because you
know Vegas counts but this is like my
birthday week so I just filmed it get
ready with me in the Cinderella look and
you guys will see that but yeah my mom's
here so I gotta go but I have a
butterfly necklace to be like the new
Cinderella movie have courage and be
excited okay let's go getting ready to
open my present but I should probably
wait till they come out because then
I'll have this little set from you meet
at my mom's house and she had this
little bakery so these are my favorite
chips these are my jalapeno chips and my
favorite and then love that your maid
daughter it's a cute little sign and
there's a bakery and a present and a
card but I'm gonna wait till they come
out to do it because I feel like that's
what birthdays are all about okay so now
my mommy's here against me sister knows
what they are so I'm going to open them
since we're daddy for our reservation so
I'll open up my card first it's at this
Tricia I remember I was leaving oh oh
okay well me nothing's melting in there
today to my little princess in the real
is so pretty I shouldn't miss already
but love that your maid daughter a
little funny and my favorite chips and
then I was like what is this and this
house bakery so must be something to eat
and I don't know this bakery really yeah
oh my gosh this is so pretty outfit it
looks so gorgeous
alright look how beautiful these are
gorgeous and we haven't need a picture
with this this one it's creme brulee is
so gorgeous chocolate chocolate
something chocolate cake or princess
slice oh I love princess a lemon bar and
rebel literally all my favorite doesn't
like a gold little thing I told you I
took all that cake ha I love it oh my
gosh this is so cute
these are so adorable I love them thank
you
well this will be our dessert for
tonight yeah so excited thank you look
better than the cakes yeah I mean and
there's a little bit of everything all
right and here's the baby madama did you
just
yeah oh that's so fun and literally to
my mom Sunday I'm like because I said
you like I'm just gonna take that and
we're just taking things from your house
I'm gonna take your fan I love this this
is a vintage fan my mom has one and it's
like literally the key to singing our
whole house I love it and then you can
talk mama buying her hers originally
yeah it's a Vornado
it's so cute and it's so heavy I'm so
excited this looks like something from
like a detective show or something
it's so cute so so sweet you're gonna be
taking a master maestro's master I know
my own son on the way over here it's
like my sister cuz last year when she be
just saying oh my god I so appreciated
that my sister she knew masters like hey
that's a lot that's like too much but I
like things that like our experiences or
like things I don't like money like
people I don't like getting money I have
money or like any cool things I remember
so pretty today let's show your did you
do there's mom's outfit you don't have
doing new heels on they were cute but
you look you know and she has her mother
so she got me my daughter one oh I don't
think I showed you guys but I got the
bottle one showed you my other video and
then my mom has the mother one then I
got her for Mother's days and sits right
on the same thing so anyways oh there's
her display to show your display already
know well my little off for a while but
she's having a party she's having
multiple price leave in my kitchen
because what that thing is with Charles
is that using moon well that's so funny
yeah losing my mom looks like cool and
then that's my natural chip area oh
there's a cookie from my pajama oh yeah
they look everything looks so good my
mom not gonna thing this looks like a
party huh
party coming my sister just told me she
had to photoshop my cleavage down for
her Instagram post but we're going to
mass yeah my mom's driving because
here's the thing this is our situation I
was like I was like the thing he was you
over but I know I thought did you say
you don't like looper cuz you think
they're gonna like kill you or something
cuz I think my mom's like scared of
Luber but you don't ever want to burn
how do you say money first of all to my
account so I would be paying for it but
anyway the next time we'll know because
this one can you hear my blog for my
birthday yeah yeah you guys can over
back and I'm down my car everyone relax
sorry that way we can all socialize
oh yeah and then you can like drink a
lot and like it is like a fun next time
we'll know I just don't never know I'm
like I don't know what people want to do
but since it's two against one next time
so we're gonna master oh my sister is
taking us out my mom just what you guys
taught my mom got me presents and I mom
we're going Disneyland also from over
des I kind of a mom's thing so I'm
really excited it's effing up this year
last you went to bj's this year going to
masters Malibu we haven't been have you
been killed
yes but I won't like oh I didn't eat
there what it deserves and I don't want
to rain on anybody's parade we're going
something bad happen I didn't like the
surface here I thought you said you
loved to hear I speak where ever you
want to go the first thing you said
master was right you
well I wouldn't okay I was gonna say
backup could have been like mr. Chow's I
like in Beverly Hills and then there was
another one I thought of it as like oh
that would be good too but I'm sure
we'll have a better way turtle ad well
I'm just hoping that it was because it
was like just grand news that sorta so
baby needed it know how to run it yet
but there 50 minutes early and they were
sitting people before us like that came
in after us and we're like what is
happening to you were you with your guy
friend that year yes well maybe it's
just his like attitude we got there
early and we didn't say anything in like
she's like all I was wondering who you
guys were
it's like we checked it what are you
talking about well we'll give a review
of just try maybe suspensions I know
everyone I run since Aguila that there's
problems because Cali hasn't been around
it's like she was around for all of our
appointments but she doesn't like to be
in vlogs that much so but she's doing
something YouTube beautiful you should I
know she has really put it on my mom's
foot a flaw is another way of the
village but my sister and I we see each
other all the time just rarely but
birthday happy birthday okay this is
what your text said right there who's
I did said master of smell you see she's
brought that up so quick I thought you
went there before and you liked it I
like masters Raphael's mom and I went
there like really pressured right now I
mean it's all on you I don't even like
this I'm well at least it's okay because
for your birthday took you two glasses
and that was a terrible experience it's
true as okay but mama like it cuz she
just goes with flow with anything she's
happy with anything right yes I do the
ocean trying to Beach is almost oh that
I'm Jimmy Choos now just go to was that
Ruby's out here on the pier okay let's
not do that
let's just hope we don't wait this is I
don't want to say what I was gonna say
oh okay that's kind of why was that a
bad thing to say as if he watches these
videos and ECGs accidents out here oh
that's not bad much for the SUV Oh mom
gala mom's commentary person and traffic
but where I'm going here young PCH FL
thing about Bruce yeah she hasn't said
but we're almost there so we'll see you
get there
finished even did a good job of Aleen
there's the news
so pretty
so fun this was such a good birthday
dinner my favorite so far even though
it's my first one it's my favorite one
so far well it seems like karaoke as
brushing my hair with fork earlier was
like I can't believe it Boehner public
with you it's like well cyclone I mean
mr. chocolate cakes up inside eat that
Iman ball and we have dessert
yeah hey everyone so I hope you enjoyed
this birthday vlog this was a few days
before my birthday so I hope you enjoyed
it and thank you to my mom and Susie for
taking me out to dinner
be sure to follow me on all my social
medias Instagram mentorship penis Trish
Twitter atras your penis and snapchat
Trisha on YT so you can get my live up
to the minute seeds I love you guys so
much thank you for watching as always hi
to Rick Moranis and until next time hear
my kissies for my little baby fishies
not bye guys
