good morning guys as expected my mom and
I both woke up with stuffy noses I'm
feeling a little better now that it blew
it up blew up my nose and like walking
around and then we try to post me I
tried to post me from Walgreens CVS and
I've gotten canceled on twice so I just
gave up I'm like well when we go out
today I'll just try and find something I
feel a little better but anyways I woke
up this more I I have I didn't really
sleep I woke up like four bunch of burnt
one this one slept a little bit she was
she was tired we figured out the heat
did start working all I know it feels
kind of cold again I don't know um
there's a pretty view huh oh I was just
me feeling that or what they did get
warm but I think something's broken I
think somebody in this room stood there
as our sky Alliance gonna be so sad not
to wake up to this yesterday was kind of
a whirlwind I kind of editing the vlog
back and I saw like all my emotions and
up and down and I kinda like feel like
maybe I complained a little too much but
like I don't know I don't do well under
stress and anxiety and like mean people
and like people that are not helpful or
not willing to help you um but overall
it was a good day like I said I don't
know like if I would do it all again or
having to know I'd go through all that
would it be worth it however I am super
excited we're like I couldn't stop I
can't supplicated pictures every time I
mom looks at me look at me when I'm
looking at the photo I'm just like
obsessed with it and I'm gonna get it
blown up and in my house so it was like
worth it but like what I do it again I'm
like probably not you know what I mean
but it was it was worth it for going
through it all and then of course being
coming home to like a cold room was not
fun so I know I think it's sick and this
week I have so much to do and my mom as
well so we're like we just don't want to
get sick and just sucks we have a lot to
do today so today we are seeing well
first we're doing an eating show which
I'm going to film and upload day of
which I'm really excited about because
mom or something love an eating show has
a quarter of a million view
this morning what do you think about
that yay
she's in the road that the hotel gives
us so funny she's so key open it we
ordered so much food
I love room service like I know I hope
it's gonna be good sometimes the bacon
here in New York like it's an apple
smoked bacon it doesn't really taste
yeah sometimes it tastes a little
different though so I don't know but we
also got pancakes which will rears like
whole wheat pancakes got weird french
toast the Cheesecake last name
hey guys didn't see the cheesecake but
I've never met a cheesecake I didn't
like and that cheesecake tasted like
yeah it was like warm it was a great
jelly who's on there it was so we're and
what were the crumbs do you think mom
yeah they definitely worker I'm Concord
they definitely didn't taste good it was
really really weird so I don't know it
was just good to have food in our
stomach all that food kind of wasn't
even that great I'm so over burgers I
eat burgers all the time in LA and I've
had 2 burgers since I've been here so
today we are getting out it kind of
sucks for both stuffed-up but hopefully
we can find like a Walgreens and get
some decongestant and dayquil just to
cuz I feel a little sick I don't feel
like miserable do you feel miserable
like sick or you just don't feelin a
little yeah I did end up picking up my
makeup everyone probably well I haven't
posted the vlog from yesterday I'd
edited I've been staying up to like 2:00
a.m. to edit my blog missus for the next
day just so I don't fall behind and
stress about it so hopefully you guys
are liking those or these I am gonna do
someone said you should do a full story
time I'm meeting Jason well a few people
actually me that which is funny cuz the
vlog yesterday is like an hour and I was
like well I kinda already at the story
time but I really didn't get to focus on
like a positive and all the good about
him so I think I'm gonna do excuse me a
full story time
about it because it was really really
great and I'm telling you of all the
people I've met like he he was like just
Avene Isis and like genuinely nice you
don't know mean like I don't know like I
do a full story time for sometimes you
can you can tell the difference or
something nice because they have to
sometimes people aren't even nice even
when it is like a meet and greet like
Britney was crazy and stuff like that
like daddy hasn't super-sweet too and I
think he's genuinely a nice guy but
besides him there's no one that I like
genuinely felt was like a good guy
Quentin Tarantino but that was like a
different because I never met him in
like um no I did meet him in like a fan
setting I guess the beginning but maybe
he was more - I don't know it's hard
it's hard to say but like anyways I'm
gonna do a full story time by the way
the whole Justice League was at that
Comic Con yesterday all I will say about
ace Comic Cons that's the first one and
apparently they're going around to like
different cities like my hair looks so
crazy like I think they were going to
Dallas and I think they're going to
Phoenix I will not be at those they get
the big stars which is cool
and it's like a smaller convention it's
not so crowded I was like a San Diego
comic-con the only way we'll say is it's
extremely unorganized like extremely
unorganized even the guy that gave us
like the refund eventually even though
he said no the first time and he didn't
really give us a refund he gave us like
a partial it was just like it was
complicated it's extreme and organize no
one who can help you anywhere we would
have missed the Jason signing and
probably even the photo ops if people
weren't telling us like we were so
thankful that so many people knew we
were there to see him that they like one
lady came up and said oh my god Jason's
upstairs we was like ran and bolted and
we almost missed it so it's just really
really unorganized people were not
helpful maybe it's different in
different parts of the but even like the
volunteers they had just didn't know
anything I don't know if it was their
fault or not but like they just didn't
know where anything was and even like
the VIP people info booth people box
office people no one seemed to know
where anything was and they're just like
I don't know I don't know even when his
flight was getting delayed we were
asking and they're like I don't know
just sit here and we were lining up at
noon and they were the one guy which is
like oh just stay here until he does
show up which we probably would have
done it just was so much chaos so we're
just like we'll just so we were all over
the place
it's a long day
obviously celebrities and stuff are
scheduled to like change or you know be
late or whatever the case movie but I
also had one other thing prior to the
full story team Jason stayed until the
show was II think the show was over it
was n la 7 and he stayed after to like
take pictures with every single person
which is so crazy and I like that his
energy was up and apparently I heard he
was on like a 14-hour flight or
something like that to fly in for this
so you know obviously like it's his job
or whatever but like you know they're
big stars they don't have to do it and
they don't have to be nice I heard some
crazy stories not crazy but like gal
gadot the girl who plays Wonder Woman
you know I heard she just very
standoffish which you know it's fine
everyone deals with like crowds and
meeting people differently but the one
guys like yeah she's a little
standoffish
I heard Ezra Miller the guy who plays
the flash was like really nice my one
friend I met and while we were waiting
in line for Jason he got like a kiss on
the cheek from Ezra
so in Henry Cavill the guy consumer I
heard was very standoffish true but we
had heard good things about Jason all
day people had already met him and
they're like he's like honestly like the
nicest guy and I was super happy that's
the only VIP we got tickets for the
stolen people we met the only person I
cared about meeting but it was long I'm
not gonna lie like waiting in that line
and waiting all day like it was a long
day so if you don't have patience which
I really don't I think it may not be the
best thing for you but if you really
want to meet someone you know these are
cool things to go to anybody was not
flapping I have questions about the
onesie tomb it's just from one piece I
think it's a one piece calm it's so
comfortable and then we had our Superman
socks those came in handy so you can't
see him I was so cold so anyways we got
a bunch of juice and coffee super
excited to eat breakfast we didn't have
any perfect yesterday so I think that
may be why I was a little cranky too
wasn't eating food it was you know I
have one more costume I'm wearing today
but here's the other trick for today and
we'll see what works out and what
doesn't
we're seeing two Broadway shows because
we missed ours last night which by the
way I said it was $500 I missed out on
it was like a thousand like cuz like
they charge you it like a handling fee
even though you pick them up at the box
office this is so after JEP about
Broadway because I don't get this like
you pay $300 per ticket so it's like 600
RS which is why I was saying $500 but it
was $600 for both tickets then they
charge you a handling fee even though
you're picking it up at the box office a
hundred and twelve dollars per ticket
I was like wait what so add that on top
of the 300 so that's like four hundred
and twelve dollars per ticket plus the
taxes so I didn't be like $900 we missed
out on which kind of sucked but again
we're only in New York like once every
few years so I was like and I really
want to see this here's gonna beat the
kicker if Christian Borle I know a lot
of people are like who is that but on
Broadway he's like basically Brad Pitt
Julia Roberts you know all those people
he was on the NBC show smash like I
really hope he's on the matinee
performance because there's a one
o'clock in at 6:30 but we also have
tickets to wicked that I didn't want to
miss out on oh and here's how I
rationalize to meeting Jason over going
to the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
show cuz it's either miss out or $900 or
missing out on $1,200 for the VIP passes
I bought plus the ticket plus the hotel
because the whole reason we came was to
meet him so I don't even know why I was
like questioning him in mind that we
should go to the show last night instead
of seeing I don't know why that was even
going through my head obviously I would
have just stayed for him but sometimes I
don't think clearly in situations when
I'm under stress but anyways that's what
we're doing today and oh the dilemma was
I have a costume for Charlie in the
Chocolate Factory
but for wicked I want to wear a black
dress in like this Khaleesi jacket for
when we go around like Times Square
problem is we're about 20 to 25 minutes
away from Times Square well that's what
they said I don't know I feel like we're
closer and so I don't know if were gonna
like come back and have time to change
is that gonna like take away time from
being in the city I don't know I haven't
even taken my mom out to dinner in like
Times Square which is like I told her
like the most magical thing in the world
and we haven't been able to do it so
hopefully we'll do it today we'll see in
this vlog there's so many places I still
want to eat like I want to go to
breakfast at tiffany's place I want to
go to Carmine's I want to go to Jekyll
and Hyde there's so many places I wanted
to go to tipsy scoop where they have
alcoholic ice cream I just don't think
we're in start as diner
I don't know if we're going to be able
get all this through this trip but it's
going by way too fast and I'm having I'm
having fun I am I was getting a little
homesick last night when our room was
freezing and I was like I just want to
get back to LA but we camped this
morning I was like you know what it's
been a good trip doing my mom that's
like the most important thing for coffee
yeah we got coffee come in and she's
actually us with hair being snowed on
twice but I know your looks good
actually it's very good mine's a little
bradda but I wanted to take out my
extensions for today - but if Christian
Borle isn't charlie talking back to me I
want to have my long hair we also got
fourth row tickets in that second row
tickets which sucks because we had sex
yesterday but we have first row for
tonight so anyways they dumped for two
shows and one day mama banging this is
to move buns in a row with my mom and
making else I'm gonna be extra mom mama
got mukbang is what someone suggested
for the title of her channel long every
day yes you should you're a good eater
hey you are oh my god yeah right here
good eater ah kind of fun anyways
hopefully today will be a good day
yesterday good day I hope Jay will be
better and run smoothly and we don't
have so much stress yeah I feel like we
have a schedule kind of today so there
is more yes oh I have like tights and
boots I mean it would have been bad
yesterday it's just mom we were cold and
it was snowing and uh we're starting off
with food this is gonna help the day I'm
sure see how it goes alright guys we are
in route to Willy Wonka on Broadway we
are going to the theaters called one fun
thing or something I don't know I
literally have like a sports prod once
again um this is just outfit one of the
day because I was just worried different
awful last night but we never ended up
going out so we're gonna what a little
hot dog harness it got us
oh we want to go to the vendors we gotta
find New York food yeah vendors are
cooler though those are just like old
school don't like taxis we always have
ubers but I feel like oh yeah dogs we
are oh we are on our way to the
Chocolate actory I have my Alfa inspired
by the Willy Wonka on Broadway fingers
crossed this Christian Bora I really
love him I haven't seen him in anything
like live I've only seen him obviously
on TV and stuff and like on YouTube
clips so I'm super excited its matinee
the matinee it was more expensive than
the evening show so I'm hoping he's here
oh so um I really really want to see the
show because I bought the tickets last
night and they had to rebuy him again
because there's no refund are contagious
they really get you with that I would
get the $20 insurance or just wait till
you're here to get the tickets cuz they
really get you with the no refunds
exchanges I'm like and you can't sell on
StubHub cuz you have to go pick them up
at the box office so and they don't
anyone pick them up except for you
I know it's like kind of basically a
double money because they can probably
sell those tickets if you're not there
by us aren't I'm maybe I don't know I'm
making illegal I sounds a little weird I
don't know I got him on Broadway calm
like beside understand like that's like
the main things I don't really get it
but hopefully he'll be worth it I I was
a little cold but it's really pretty out
a lot of people have figured out where
we were staying which is totally fine I
don't really care but it was so sweet
because they just think stand outside
and the cold well the people yesterday
were in the lobby but there was a boy
that is out in the plaza
I felt so bad like he's like I'm from
Queens Mike I hope you didn't come out
here he's like it did I was like oh you
know so sweet I was like it was really
sweet and honestly you guys I know the
struggle cuz I we were like my mom and I
were waiting what 12 hours while we came
in the struggle yes yeah we were in this
we know the struggle but you know when
you really want to meet someone I like
the dedication of those people you make
it happen
I get it I would be the same way I was
the same way
so anyways today we're gonna explore the
city a little more we're doing costume
changes when we get home so since our
outfit topic wants to
that's your changes well you a curators
actually a match day with your classes
in your purse a couple months
oh yeah we got those in Vegas we all got
Musashi classes together actually you oh
I'm gonna write on another girl's trip
just in a couple weeks we're just saying
we're going on vacation again in two
weeks
someplace war no no it surprised
everything's a surprise I like surprises
I think it's fun around the diner
that's cute little bit yeah it sounds
like a lot to get there for breakfast
tomorrow
no that's what we're doing remember at
the start of diner
where's that one has been Times Square
way to get up at 6:30 is that opens at
7:00 and we have to leave our hotel by
8:30 some means we have to get there
seven and leave by 8:00 but we're gonna
make it happen
it's like one of the biggest schools
diners in New York it's touristy but
it's a Monday mile of diners I could
work at a diner I know I think it'll be
worth it we got squeezed as much as we
can in so we're trying to yeah this
one's a cool one - this is what the
singer is it so he steamed so should be
cool we'll see how it goes I'm excited
for today we're gonna try and squeeze in
this is what this is our dream plan for
today
sure on top that dream go home and
change Tiffany's we want to look at
their new restaurant Breakfast at
Tiffany's it's just like tea and stuff
but we want to look at that because they
have cool like instagramming type things
and then what do we want to do when try
dr. Jacqueline haibara see the tree see
the tree hot dogs I never she's the
Wicked and Carmine's I don't know if
we're gonna get that all in today what
we're gonna try Carmine's up until
midnight so we can theorize and go after
the show the trees open - like whenever
- look it's light so
we could just go just never sleep keep
up all night and sleep on the plane
I got it mom didn't sleep on the plane
on the way here I did we're getting
close huh we should find a Walgreens or
something I try to post me but they they
kept cancelling it I guess
yeah I need something cuz I do you feel
conducive I know we like the small
things you're like look at the
construction it's like let's just looks
very New York where are we eat Club we
closed Times Square I think we are as a
Time Square sign that is straight oh
we're going 44th Street I think 44 or
42nd Street Oh 42nd Street like the
Broadway show I wonder if that's what
they can't dance on it do you think
that's where it's right second stream
maybe there's a great way of you I'm
taking you to 40 a second I feel like
Emma D follies Freeport Illinois is
quaking we're who are there I wonder if
that's why that's from probably 42nd
Street all right well when we get time
squirrel start walking there that's
where we go Dave and Buster's
level the carts others don't see there's
another pharmacy oh that's the one I've
been to that's a huge one now - yeah I
swear I think we're in Times Square
close to it because I feel like I don't
see like walked here yeah look at all
these hot dog carts oh I think there's
so many shows
so everything is
nope okay it's weird shove it in
McDonald's okay look at that big Shake
Shack that's huge
what's that for I don't always talk
about it I don't know if it's the same
as ours in LA well it's bigger that
looks more great that's a beautiful
building that's really guess it where
are on a Sunday Isaac it's busy but uh I
would kill to see that here we saw that
in LA but look at that there's like a
line already
I guess Matt hey but there's one we're
going to Charlie talked back to you I
guess we can get out of here oh okay
I just don't make it easy on you
Margareta Oh get a margarita right after
oh thank you so much oh okay thank you
look it's like chocolate factory it's so
cute
oh my god this is so cute it's all ego I
didn't know like this
yeah I'm sure huh
whatever you push it what happened I was
like do we really not push it
hi we're booking him tickets at the box
office
Korea Times Square
I'm amid drop out in a fish nets but we
don't need to go up this way that's like
the ticket we're just trying to find
where was the sugar factory with that
bar it was on the other way haha yeah
tree pan what's in walking distance that
would be cute
there's a bar called drink
oh there's the W Hotel see that we're at
big sign is that's the W right there we
go stay right there let's go over this
way maybe it's less crowded waitress
we got our tickets to Charlie in the
Chocolate Factory it looks like we're in
luck it looks like my favorite person is
gonna be there doing a hot dog or not
yet my highlight hot dogs I get one
drink places time Instagram famous I can
tell let's go in there real quick looks
like they have warm drinks to get a hot
Bailey's of coffee
I think I've seen this on Instagram this
drink place hot chocolate espresso
future
oh wait to use streets of New York we
didn't get to do this last night with
tire at my office you thought a bit over
here but I thought we did but maybe we
didn't there's so many hot dogs when you
do get your eyes I got take a picture of
you get it at somebody that's gonna be
so cute
such a cute picture are you eating a dog
Wow it's just crowded that's the way we
want to go maybe we'll cross there was a
Margaritaville we don't know if that was
a play or an actual Margaritaville I can
get a drink in
I'm crazy but if you got weather today
considering it's New York and December
maybe Wesley
my puppies because they just select a
Midwestern smell
it was this is the theater from the
other side it says Christian Borle is
back so let's fingers crossed he is
there so cool such a cute theatre camel
comes down that way and we mean it
starting this closes January 18 so if
you want to see the show see it here
where we're going chocolate bar we got
souvenirs super cute
as I got a candy candy man mom got some
beer girl while I at the candy bar this
my mom's first Broadway show I didn't
know I thought she'd spend it well
before the first one in New York it's
very magical I'm very excited we made
out
cheers mom Cheers Jess got in the fourth
row which is pretty a nice seating
really really keeper - I got this is
Ibaka and Cacodemons
and a cute little cop what'd you get
beer
that's pretty good - actually one
vacation more day
rich Daniel Trisha I love you so so much
no one meet you Duchess won't continue
here I'll do a queen oh my gosh the 7/11
mukbang I was by when I ordered
postmates san 8 with you guys I was like
thank you
yeah
oh my god oh my god
i watch all your videos
now that you're good and is the main
thing and it's so amazing
don't be about and those things make you
better I make you stronger you work
harder you're amazing
videos are amazing and though I'm so
happy
that bar I watched your videos and not
just looking to be about me but Oliver's
yeah
okay so we just had the show which was
great and we'll get into that in a
second but can we just talk about get me
to talk about so much has happened since
the show which is feminine so much yes a
lot has happened a lot of commotion
which I wasn't expecting I thought like
freaking I was Presley walking out of
there it was so cool like it was soaked
well my mom clogged a little bit like
midway through started like I guess not
vlogging you're just filming on your
phone she was doing it the vertical way
but um I I guess I I did tweet I said oh
boy she try and talk back to her and
Broadway I don't really think like
always we where I'm at like Buckingham
Palace like I was tweet and I never get
like people that show up and for some
reason New York people that watch my
videos are so cool and so intense and
they all came out and it was so cool and
they were all like cheering and I'm like
so confused and I thought you would
think I was in the show because I got
pink roses I mean I write oh I know you
know him - I Daniel I've seen him on
Twitter and YouTube I knew exactly who
he was he tweeted he was coming he
dressed up I have some of it in the blog
footage up my mom said thank God for my
mom and just took my bags yeah he was I
was so happy to like I just everyone I
loved they were everyone was very nice
and very sweet and I was like sorry to
bother you and I like actually really
loved it I just get overwhelmed because
I want to talk to everybody and stuff
but it was really cool that was really
cool I felt I felt like the Beatles or
something I've never gotten like mob
does this is cool like it was I mean mom
for me I know like probably Logan pollen
Jake Paul get like mom pop but that was
really cool and really unexpected
yeah I would have stayed longer but we
have to go across town now to change cuz
we have I know we have wicked now
tonight which part of me once I'd like
to eat that record oh we did but then
it's like we'll be crazy well I get
kicked out again singing like I didn't
want to be like causing us like a ruckus
in front of us because I thought I was
gonna get kicked out my mom's like you
have to come inside and I the way you
said it means I got a good surprise but
oh I thought I was going to come inside
another ownership and the security were
in there and then the security wanted
but only they know who I was because
then they asked me what TV show I was on
I'm like there's my picture cuz I see
this is the world we live in if
everyone's taking a picture someone else
was the picture I can find out later
yeah I was like what did the guy with
the earpiece when you said who is she
what did you say I would like to know
your sponsee never told me I hadn't seen
him what the thing in Azir I thought he
was just sitting in it yeah what was
happening there there was a lot that I
got okay he's come down here another gay
boys cross street that oh it's a stinger
oh you know probably was cuz the stage
door people were coming out they
probably have cars that take him home
yeah but he want to cross the street the
one guy and then this guy brought up
that other guy the wheelchair in the oh
yeah it was weird
um yeah cuz the stage Shore everyone was
waiting and I was actually gonna wait at
the stage or two then I completely
missed it cuz as soon as like people
started like leaving we went down to the
stage door and everyone was just person
for there and I was like did they come
out and then one girl was like yeah they
almost came out like oh I miss my
Christian Borle MoMA I was so excited I
missed it I mean it was worth it cuz I
got to meet you guys but I was like I
should have got our me angry and moved
it down so we could have been at the
seashore because I really wanted to be
him but that's okay oh my god the show
was so good my mom was laughing even I
didn't know my mom would like the show
she was my favorite was of course
Christian Borle I was like I won't
happen if you see that I would like to
meet you I try to get the stage or to
meet you and I
and I'm really sad about it I've been
trying to meet him for so long he's so
hard to hit on social media so if anyone
knows him showing this video say I love
him he was so good in this role he's
everything oh he's so cute I know but
then I also heard he was kind of
addicted people to be honest like that
he's not very friendly to people and
then that would've broke my heart that's
how it would've been if Jason Momoa
wasn't mean to me I would have like
honestly probably cried that is true and
that's why I always just I'm genuinely
excited to me everyone but I also just
want them to know how much like I know I
know what it's like to meet people you
like you know I think I'm nobody so I'm
always like confused when people want to
meet me but I think it's really sweet
and I felt really cool so thank you New
York for making me feel like a rock star
I felt very uh because I came five years
ago for Guinness World Records and I
told people where I was gonna be in
Times Square and I think only like 12
people showed up and that was like five
years ago so that was pretty cool we got
our souvenirs to will show you guys a
little later do purple Willy Wonka
charlie talk about what I used why is
something called really walk on the
truck battery and some say Charlie
Chocolate Factory it's like because he
was but isn't some known as Willy walk
on the top at all
Charlie's good his name Charlie okay
that's it when he took over and they're
morally Wonka's the one who had it been
fortunately right
yep isn't the movie called or the book
called really walk on the Chocolate
Factory
right so they changed the name probably
doesn't even matter all I know is the
whole cast was amazing Charlie talked
Factory on Broadway closes January 14th
was amazing I spent literally oh are we
here wow that was fast okay we're at our
hotel some of you have found our hotel
to which I this is before I post of the
vlog saying where we're at or like
showing our views so it's very cool all
right we got it
we had a parrot you guys we made it to a
Jekyll and Hyde we're gonna pop in for a
drink cuz a lot of people had
recommended this to us this is Hawaii
yeah originally sugar exotic yes love
I'm gonna get this beep poisoned drink
the sweet poisoned drink
with grilled chicken on the side except
for chicken cheese and chips so grilled
chicken nachos put all of this on the
side just needs chicken and chips and
everything okay and they could also get
mozzarella sticks okay so do you wanna
what's realistic what else
we have over there
it's really Q inside
we got sweet poison and what drink did
you get oh you should be wildin out
tonight you said this week poison right
yes
I don't I guess we could have sat down
here there's really cute it's not too
far from hotel either
very big not very big it's like that's
it yeah there's just like rhinos and
stuff it's cool thank you it has like
the little oh that's yours oh you need a
picture with me as I fall over I can't
even turn my camera but I can do it it's
pretty drink
yeah
super cute
Oh
commotion over there
- my blocking camera my youtuber yes
euros hello my show so you have to come
to New York City you have to see Conan
the Barbarian he just came here from
Greece and he knows like big and um you
our motto ok what's your Instagram you
want to shout out your Instagram Oh
singing now you will be need an
Instagram we're eating at the bar and
we're talking - he said his name was
George recent Greek so he said his name
was Janos
nobody can tell because you're sporting
we love this bar we should know
everything this is a great bar we have
experience anywhere else
wardrobe and the green curve
we are here at wicked it is so crowded
we were the dragon back there though the
fat super cool super sick all right this
green bar this is a beautiful theatre
wicked specialty drink
these are tickets for tonight's show and
I got the Osmo politan which is a vodka
and green apple and souvenir Cup so our
tickets are extremely close but this
theater is amazing oh my gosh one day I
want to play : dub I'm putting on the
university put things on the English
happens driver fly carefully oh this is
gonna be cold
what's your name
Gilbert Danny
okay I'm here yeah well I'm saying
love it
we love it too I'll come back the
sequel's is very cool yeah I know right
how was she yeah it was really great
first time I've ever seen it I didn't
know the story was about that's very
like shopping yeah all right
yeah
we're out alright right guys
five idea
Oh
well every place was closed and crowded
so we ended up at Benihana
you want a great shop and where a table
by herself so we look kind of sad
weirdos tired I have a little bit
headache it was a really fun day but
well hey kind of cool kind of sleep so I
miss a day of vlogging I'm sorry I can
edit for tonight and went to try and do
it early in the morning but I had sleepy
I don't know why we got this much food
but anyways probably call it a night
here so I love you guys I'm tired you
tired sorry my sixties I love you guys
though a little tired for my little baby
she's bye guys
