okay hey everyone I have not done a car
vlog in like a hot minute I am driving a
shoot an NFL draft party which I'm sure
you're like uh what are you a football
fan I'm not a huge football fan
I'll watch football I'm not like a huge
football fan but it's a style haul party
and it's like it's draft day like I know
Jeff day is a huge deal my dad's a huge
Cleveland Browns fan and yeah I'm
wearing a Miami Dolphins shirt we're
just cuz I like the shirt and like the
team's colors and I know nothing about
the Dolphins I mean I know Dan Marino
used to play for them because of like a
sister or a pet detective
but that's about as far as I know about
the Dolphins right now like the
Cleveland Browns like drop today's a
huge day I remember actually going last
year to see the movie draft day with my
dad has come Costner in it and it's
about the Cleveland Browns which I found
to be really interesting when it's so
weird it's like someone clean my car and
put all my stuff in there but anyways so
I know job he's like a big deal and so
they were having like a little like I
think it's like it gets I don't even
know I never know what to expect I go to
these style hall events like I watch the
America I don't think thinking like our
just gonna be like in the audience like
no big deal and then we ended up like
getting to meet the judges and plonking
and it was like a huge deal so this time
I put up a little more makeup on my face
but nothing like too crazy I don't wanna
like go you know over the top and stuff
and my hair I didn't put extensions in
clothes
kind of feel on my short hair today and
just like I'm super like cash I just
have like this maybe we'd all been
shared on with some jeans and Mike heads
which I've been loving and come to think
of it I haven't talked to anyone I'm
like wise boy Sony's are weird I have
not talked to anyone today like on the
phone or anything and it's like 2
o'clock though so that's what I'm doing
and I'll see how that goes I just got
back from Vegas and I'm so like tired
you know like when you like come back
from like vacation you're just like oh
my gosh I just need like a vacation from
my vacation
that's what I'm feeling at the moment
I've been listening to Donny Osmond you
out
on my phone in my car and it's so good
screaming is like such a good mood right
now I do have my custom Trish glasses on
from the L lines on Etsy
and I love them so much they're like my
favorite glasses ever and oh I thought I
seen my battery and then I figure glass
ever and like I love them because
they're like I know I just their custom
they're me they say Trish I like they
need to see money one I'm looking icing
but yeah and I got a really nice package
in the mail for my friend but Kayla
funky and I who always seems to be like
he's really awesome like little care
packages and so she said I'm going for
my birthday and I haven't opened it yet
I'm trying to think if I want to do like
I probably do an unboxing either on this
channel or the other channel and so I
haven't unwrapped it yeah I just unboxed
it because there was like little like
gifts inside so yes that's pretty much
everything you mean you guys know I mean
there's no to Vegas and since I've been
back I really haven't done much but like
I'm trying it back together like laundry
ends up like that I run of those people
who like cleans when I get home I know I
like everybody loves to like clean
before they leave I prefer to clean
before these you come home back to a
clean house but honestly everything just
like chaotic day of that I'm just like
four things everywhere I thought so much
higher than that truck that's scary so
yeah so that is what I'm doing today oh
and I'm Remy is this an angel for dinner
which I'm really excited about but yeah
I'm going to me and snapchat more today
like I feel like I haven't snapped that
much lately I did snap in Vegas but I
don't know I want you to snap warm I
mean you guys won't be able to see the
snaps cuz they disappear but that's my
goal for today as a snap so if you see
me in this shirt snapping then you can
tell me
good job Church but honestly I'm having
a good mood for the most part like well
I'm not many good I am and are really
gonna move like I have a good energy oh
good like space like space space space
same thing um I really love this like a
lipstick great do we love it oh it looks
like LFL crazy like an alien up close
but I love this lip color
it's eski Lauder it's expression for Q
I've been obsessed with it lately and I
actually took any lip liner or gloss or
anything else over under it and I really
really like this color and it's really
moisturizing
and I actually forget I have it on so I
looked in and I wasn't oh looks really
pretty because he can't even like feel
it it's an amazing I love it it's
probably the envy collection from SD
water but that's a lot I think but yeah
oh I guess the only thing that's like
it's not putting me in a bad mood it's
just you know when I hate when people
are mad at you clearly they're avoiding
you know like if you email them and text
them and they're like clearly avoiding
you and they won't tell you why only mad
people if I kills us had nothing to do
with that that wasn't anything but I
guess cuz I used to one time I avoided
care like this so I don't know anyways
anyways I was thinking like you guys
would think it was chaos I can't but
haze like when someone's clearly
avoiding Yale you text them in the email
and like you talk like last time you
guys texted or emailed like everything
was like cool and then you like do it
after like a couple days I'm not talking
and like like you did something wrong
and then I'm like oh my god did I tweet
something bad that like this person I
want to want to talk to me like I don't
understand like you know it's so weird
and you know yet I got like they're busy
but usually like okay it's been like
what like six hours and like okay well
usually gives actually you know the
patterns of people they get back to you
within a certain time but anyways so I'm
going to Koreatown which I not too
familiar with some kind of stuff but
logging so I can focus completely I mean
I'm focusing on the road right now but
focused completely but yeah it's so
funny how long I've had my extensions
out isn't it I mean I wear clippings but
I don't know my head it feels so light I
don't know I'm going through this like
weird phase I love my extensions and I
have I don't look I don't love my short
hair like I kind of hate it but I kind
of love it like I hate how I don't like
how looks but I love how it feels and
right now it was like all about like
feeling good you know to me and like
feeling good I walked this morning I
biked this morning and you know it kind
of sucks when people are like oh I'll
see you like gain weight you know cuz
it's like to me it's not about my way
you know obviously if I was like a like
lighter blacks please got tire pressure
Oh guys this has my back I have to stop
this no this is my back right wheel is
please start tire pressure I don't know
is this an emergency or I wanted to stop
by like a gas station to get that looked
up I don't know what that even means but
I don't even know where they oh yeah I
was like lighter and said I mean I I
know like when you got your extra weight
it's it's worse on your health in two
miles because I want to get this exit
but the whole point is I've been feeling
good cuz I've been you know biking and
walking and exercising and I want to go
back with my trainer and stuff like that
and I feel like I haven't eaten that bad
to be honest you know but you know I
just I've always just had trouble
maintaining weight and I gained it
easily so it's like it gets sucks when
people are like oh you look gross or
she's getting so much weight she's still
lazy because it's like I've been working
hard to like feel good about myself and
I feel good inside and that means like
exercising but you know I mean such a
misconception to about bigger peoples I
think I actually eyes like I exercised
so much I don't eat the best because I
just went on vacation but like ever
since I've been back I've been trying
really hard like eat you know decent and
I don't know I think cuz I show you guys
the fun food like cakes and fries and
mac and cheese
they feels like that's all I eat all the
time everyday but it's not but whatever
it is what it is I don't know I'm not
gonna show you what I need a toast or
like a hard-boiled egg I don't know I
don't think that's exciting but anyways
I feel good that's what's important if
you feel that about yourself this will
support him I really wasn't reading
comments about this week and I've had
the best week ever because I wasn't
reading like comments on my videos so
much I reading for the first hour and
they're really sweet and I usually stop
but you know now that I like went in and
delved into some of my older videos just
like the comments I respond to them I
was like so I don't do it but I
appreciate the ones that leak comments
like right away in the beginning like in
the first couple hours I love to just
like sit there there's
comments like my favorite thing to do
but I gotta get off this exit I gotta
figure out where I'm going but I will
talk I see ok so just got here and this
is the setup so I thought I would vlog
it this is the party right now that's
really cool it's getting everywhere me
and my blog she's the one it tells me
about all these like events and tells me
event I should remember until now thank
you alright so we just got done with the
NFL shoot and now we are having dinner
what is this come twice hard favorite
yeah we should have is that over there
to get it
really see it in the video I'm so
excited
what is that
thanks the brown rice sticky it's really
good so good hey what's this this is
like lemon chicken and then they have
like the lemon sauce on the side and
that's the Pad Thai chicken that's fried
ice and you got the same thing look at
that and they're so cute managing with
your dinners I'm so hungry I'm going to
eat this but oh my gosh okay so you guys
just subscribe to them because I was
like oh my gosh I die without YouTube
subscribe that I'm here he's got I am
NOT about that line so we just finished
our food and so we thought we'd a wrap
up but what are we gonna say I wrap up
what are we so we were talking about
maybe them giving me like a makeover to
look like them and then angels like why
everyone needs a GPS GPS gamepads pray
everybody
yeah what's wondering with my GPS though
I don't there can't you have a lot of
GPI you can you can have a lot you guys
are considered one I think oh you don't
like a duo package you should not have
too many GBS them yeah I kind of do even
like one has the best friend like oh my
god really I think that's so interesting
thank you more than its kind of like if
I have a best friend were to have
another best friend that you don't know
like how the guy like doesn't hear all
the time but he has like a boyfriend's a
few guys would be I'm having a girl best
friend but ten times bitch here so think
about a girl best friend Danny more
bitchy more truthful yeah think about
like a you having a girl best friend but
having four other girl best friends do
you think that main girl best friend
kind of knowledge is the queen bee makes
you want to paint your nails and then
put a clear coat as a pendant if she
knows that you have only her as your
best friend so you go do that clear coat
for free she would even excuse you would
just do it and finish it but if you have
other girlfriends she's cheating she's
not even gonna pitch you're gonna paint
on your skin she doesn't care
no their gay best friends are honest
he's just like a minute ago it was like
I watched a video I don't know if it was
just cause your face is thinner or your
makeup but the nicest guy you ever me
but I'm very highly on me more honest
people my life it's like I always ask
him especially with my best friends
there I'm like does it outfit make me
look bad he's like no you look good if I
turn around and ask somebody else does
this make my outfit like that and they
think I would go mad really but what if
what if the other person supposed to
make you feel bad no I don't think I may
ask for a lot of opinion so I feel like
I want that
we a minute ago he was telling us a
story you're saying like oh that's like
her favorite people and they're like in
the middle he's just like food was good
yes but it was good it was it was a lot
it was a lot of food yeah but it was
good I like the I like this place but if
you want to dress up in your Valenti
yoga and eat pretty food a lot of us
laughs well it's on sunset so is bujji's
right drove by I thought one I thought
yeah underdressed you know do you mean
like very often so like I'm like with
two pretty people and I like the bush
one here I'm like GBM you for real kind
of Yeah right
we're just all here and we're queer
I don't know we had to do like a natural
I think your water seems like do you
wonder it out traffic oh yeah cuz I
always forget to do out shows on my blog
like I'm gonna get let's do it out Jessa
where it is here we've literally been
here now what time is that we have 9
o'clock
guys got the
you guys gotta go home and watch JLo
yeah you need to go home and watch
jailor perform to Selena like it's like
wow you're like oh my gosh so we're
gonna go but this place is called look
home again toy Tai Chi oh I
toys hi rockin is it rock and roll no
just toy boy j-rock an old high before
you take a rock n roll please oh so
Twitter high on sunset shout out we
didn't get it for free we bought it but
watching no forget describe the holiday
Jesus hey Joe oh I love it that was like
a little stroll that was really yeah I
love you so much I always had a rare
since I stay here because he's my baby
