Vegas stay tuned normal day half cause
we're here for half days and we are AB
the place my mom loves the pepper mill
which is kind of old Tobel my mom thinks
it's hip but let's just let's just look
at this do that look at the people
usually like that like you oh she looks
like something with 70 use so bougie I
haven't been here in a while I'm in here
and like probably seven years so I don't
know who it's good but we'll see but
your food shoot off of this little one
right here and the new boyfriend right
give you some new workers for one night
next to you hook up like oh my gosh but
I'm with me you're supposed to be mom
hey mom I'm on my own why are we laying
in bed for like four hours this morning
just eight hours yeah we're through the
top that I fell asleep and then we snap
chatting okay
my Instagram I got my fingers show that
I got our four which is really cute
we're going to go get these Vegas
leggings they get into a Vegas hot I'm
gonna do a biggest haul like all this
stuff we got in Vegas yeah but then also
you can get o that but I'll show your
full Mingo coaches and your purchase at
the airport if you want to get those you
do a whole little home I got a lot of
stuff to show you guys so anyways bring
my way to sleep
oh my gosh I'm so hungry I just starving
I getting by mean breakfast sounds
really good but that's not just kind of
looks anitha that looks good mmm oh I
can't decide I'm going to say I sit down
me breakfast on standby sure I can
actually get some my cuz you gotta eat
more we'll see
so you happens I guess guess we'll find
out with the one times fun times
so the employed clinically not going to
lie I don't remember all
sighs but there's a lot of boots of
course week I'm in the one place that
doesn't have a booth but lighting
I pour it in there so we're deciding on
if you want breakfast or nachos
everything looks so good the breakfasts
on today
yeah it is probably for cheap people
although they're two people next to us
hey guys we got food I got nachos and I
got breakfast but we're kind of shared
at all oh I know I got to film all of it
I'm so sad we switched locations if you
can't tell already so we're in like this
cooler area the blonde cheese
I know I got a little more happier when
I sitting in a booth so we're going to
chow down these nachos you look so bad
I'm so excited to eat all these right
now we just had a new addition to the
food onion rings curly fries so excited
these look so good I don't like onion
rings but it was awesome
mmm boom Oh ha
bean dip I think problem I'm gonna get
all this movie on the plane I'm gonna
get so sick but which I'll get to pass
up so head of it okay so we just
finishing out the pepper mill and now
we're going to at Circus Circus
which this place we stay when I was
younger all the time with my dad my mom
said she'd stay here with my dad to all
the time so we're going back it looks
faded this part of Vegas is like kind of
dirty and then we found Vince Neil's
restaurant my mom's like a circus nigga
I guess we put a get hard rock I don't
know it's hot
I'm having bathroom problems the strip
but I'm good advice if I could say all
to my people
I mean that we'll see their Trish Trish
rolls sound
we're going on we're going across but
everyone's crafting and you know
crosswalks ii circuses
circuit circuit
this is the big chop but we have to go
up this way no oh how's it it was all
over
so yeah whoo I'm gonna say fell over
there's a trapeze but there's not oh
there's no circus kind of they have free
show that I see the circus wagon much as
we can this half day we delayed our
flight to do a little more hair so oh oh
oh the side oh we should come here
earlier this is cool
Oh
oh yeah
way to sit the quarters okay get in
there
oh I don't know how these work is that
she's kind of cool up here no I look at
the circus
oh yeah
yeah where do you put your oh yeah I got
chicken
okay one ticket then you put it up here
mom
Frank just probably you want to have a
border wall with all dem is all over
there
one isn't
those look like they're way more on the
edge don't they look how those I have a
quartic so to do a record I'm gonna want
my harmonium but I didn't want something
shiny
yeah you get away so that comes out Oh
hope you thought of a sexual right there
is someone
oh I see you for saying those yeah
really minions I my mom meeting the 20
moms
oh you'll hit me on the Roma I said Oh
mummy like a video and she was always
inside you'll write Marilyn Monroe I was
like oh wow book open an iminium open
video ok it doesn't work with that ok so
you want me sing it and no one's here we
circled around since if there's another
prize redemption place we couldn't find
it so we're in a plea jeez here I said
not before do a video on this Circus
Circus I'm very embarrassed for you
because what do they had a thousand
tickets yeah what if we had a thousand
tickets and what if we're really poor we
spent all our money to get one of those
Angry Birds yeah what then
circus of it so these tickets we left
first I'm looking you can and I really
would have liked that to tea huh
and allow
sighs Lee jung-jae
okay
to dr. feelgood's store and got the
shirts our kickstart my heart
and I don't even know about it this
really cool it's really pee
just like kinda weird homes
have the same sort of problem where the
bathroom like all of us I don't like out
of nowhere we just my mom's always been
like that but lately I've been like that
too nice to make fun of her and I'm like
no I gather now like it is comes out of
nowhere that's the worst feeling like
into where you've drilled the bathroom
like so bad if you come out within
seconds like that's how bad it is it's
on like okay I can hold it for five
minutes oh I can hold over two minutes
like no it's coming now so
Mosley's bathroom
lemon raspberry muffins to go very well
lemon cranberry muffins to go and then I
got my tank top there so
we gotta get back I'm just acting and go
because the malla getting around but
it's fun
- okay so we're in the last moment of
our time here tom joined Ed Koch picker
berry lemon muffin my mom was over there
on her casting page would be background
pulse or my mom submitting for like
acting jobs now I love it I know watch
me on the small screen
Oh dime like you saw on me nutritious
video mom it's me in the mirror for have
a second oh yeah my mom's at the zero
second mark in my video I mean I would
die if my mom's I got an orange is the
new black or something like I wasn't I
see her on everything boom we have this
mom you could be an always present I'm
gonna be on here outside I can't have
jeans when they come off I think you can
get notifications well we do go off on
my main oh yeah otherwise we'll just be
on here it hasn't so cold this is so
good and I just want to eat it for agama
planes only mmm it's really good though
but it's been good I'm in Vegas
mm-hmm
my glassy locker-room I'm almost to my
house here okay try to get me in on it
but we're gonna get our Vegas leggings
at the airport and then we're going home
even they got edited a video for
tomorrow so that's on the agenda for
today but we'll see you guys soon Sally
our trip has ended we are getting an
uber beautiful flight but the mamani is
with the body's Ramones I started the
portation she was Judy and flirty flirty
I liked it but then I look at the kind
of hot when we each had our favorites
mcwho was the key running up and she
thought the one was cuter and the other
one was cuter I thought his knee was
trying to he's very cute the other one
was kid you waiting for our yeah my gosh
because my mom's like let me give you my
card which is my heart to worry
this is Vegas guys hey I don't have a
top I'm in there the old ones
oh my gosh I might get my mom some new
cards but that's pretty much our whole
Vegas we can win party out with a bang
my mom's getting half of a glass of
champagne okay relax sir I'll meet my
mom said to blast ship to to have
glasses
I hope she's like hey baby you pick me
up a cup for a bite
oh did I just say there this woman over
here
all-in-all is a good trip who said it's
over so we're gonna go home now it's
like five o'clock so we're gonna like go
home now and just I'm editing yeah I
just had just relax chill what's so fun
what a perfect ending that was him it
was kind of I was level ask her like mom
why are you talking to them but never
putting her on the outside again never
but they were cool paradise they're fun
we all had a good time
first-class champagne champagne does it
ever take you if you guys enjoyed my
biggest vlogs I loved it so much thank
you for watching go check out my channel
if you haven't already and as always
honest and hi to Rick Moranis and until
next time where's my kisses for her
fishy smell fishy over hella like
faggots
