hey guys so we are on the way to my
favorite place Vegas is having a hot
flash that I have the Boosh microphone
my ear I fell back into so Freddie I was
like sweating so good my mommy she's
like a Kardashian over there so here's
the thing my own thing she's like Kris
or Kim she always has my way her diamond
it was his mom we're going to Vegas to
see Donny Osmond and I'm so excited
and wait to see my Alva tonight we just
got my outfit in last minute that was
really exciting so we're going I got my
Pan Am bag that my mom loves and I got
my 1-800 cincher leggings on and it goes
all the way up so my waist is tiny and
I'm feeling the burn so work one my
mom's gonna vlog so check out her
channel if you want to see some and
we'll see how it goes
we're ready we're getting toasted
my mom once again y1z Donnie told you
I'm the old one right here
I got the snacks in the VIP we had a
coke and the chips we already jump in
the air before dying yeah there was a
gummy like dye stain so I was sixteen
for you I don't know if those already
the right song okay what room are we we
can see our room number because you guys
won't see this till we leave I kind of
I'm don't leave my house do you know
what remember we're going to you don't
even know if I'm just walking I'm like
okay leave my mama we don't leave our
house all that often to be honest okay
right this way
oh this is right oh oh my god reminds us
like a horrible name it does it or goofy
I love it
this is so G look at this you crushed
ice all ours I was like we should get
massages but only if there by men
Sven Sven Oh Ben oh this is our is the
double doors biggest so yeah we does
evelyn i stir and murder they be on our
blog look sandwich maybe on our vlog so
these are cool
so there's double doors and single doors
I wonder if I was gonna be a double door
a single door what do you think you
think
Oh mmm
hunky businessman I just came out of
there single girls are boasting a girl
so this was a bougie room I think so
we're way down what if you're at a far
end like you have to walk a while that
means it's a good room because me and
Cally's would like this little Cosmo it
was so cool guys I'm excited I'm gonna
do a room to remind channel so you guys
want to see that you have to go to my
main channel but oh my gosh oh whoa read
it cosmic you guys oh my gosh I hate hey
I'm like so nervous forget us we're
gonna get a first reaction and then you
have to go see my channel for the rest
of our hotel room tour
ah there's the sneak peek wanna see the
rest of my main channel this is really
cool inside oh my god the view oh the
bed Oh bougie guys it's Bujji so he just
got it
I changed my outfit we did Oh today
there's the Pharrell hat that my mom
likes
I like the Michael Jackson blob over
there I'll just show you real quick what
that looks like
there's the Michael Jackson so cool so
now we're going to put our cameras back
cuz I'm catching him to the 9 ratio and
eat some dinner
what's that 127 Club Amy Winehouse died
at 27 Kurt Cobain Jimi Hendrix Janis
Joplin yeah so I'm going to my something
this year so hopefully I don't join it
okay guys and this is the other cool
part my mom kind of was joking like to
do an elevator like to do it but when
you open it it's like the Red Room of
pain it's really cool let me show you
look at this oh my gosh yes mr. grey
I'll go into your bedroom with me oh
yeah we're going to the pet house except
I need to get my key out
okay I'm good here I'll get it the only
one I goes off this is you know they all
do but everyone's on first my horse yeah
mehran is playing in here so funny so
yeah we're going to go eat and I can
take you guys with me because we're
dropping our cameras back off but we'll
show pictures of it so follow me on
instagram once any pictures from tonight
hum oh that would you take your phones
with us right cool oh yeah yeah go in up
cuz that's where are you going life you
go up Souren talk about these cameras
they far we have one yeah yeah I mean I
must have said about eating cuz you're
proven hungry I've been here working I
was making videos I was doing a lot for
y'all to share this experience guys but
I can kind of just sit back and enjoy
but I'm gonna do nighttime routine just
cuz I love those someone gonna do one
for you guys and maybe my mom's daddy
yes that's a Paulie I know I've been
trying to distract myself cuz I
hyperventilate when I think about seeing
him touching him feeling him okay were
thick with a little rock okay oh yeah oh
yeah the limo so we're 235 steaks
martinis and we found how it's called
that because there's 35 martini flavors
so I got white chocolate and what did
you get mommy
Milky Way and they're so good we already
cheers but we'll cheers again so strong
but cheers to you guys I wish you were
here mmm I want one so bad I want one so
bad we saw a theater and I'm gonna
perform there and I want all my little
tissues to come and I want it to be so
much fun
I think it'd be so great and I want my
Elvis jumpsuit for you guys so you guys
can experience it too but we got filet
and New York steak and that mean cheese
okay I was like you're gonna drink I got
me a drink I'm getting anxiety again
about the Donny's oh gosh your cocktail
so excited so we got the place to
ourselves
please eat at 5 o'clock before the show
I don't think you can see it but that's
really cool that is a cool pool my mom
might do a video but well I'm not quite
in the pool person but if I go out there
I should walk out there tomorrow see it
check it out
some that's what we're doing it's
beautiful here
I'm gonna decide to try someplace
different than our top of the world
because we always come here at Ko there
so I'm like let's try something
different and so I'm excited I'm
starving so you guys ready for some food
torn filet New York steak first area
this is Sophie was actually really got
everyone excited Oh Callie we miss you I
invited my sister along just before
anyone so I was like where's Callie I
invited for long but she had to work
because we have I can't leave me miss
you oh thank you so much
Oh everything is okay thing no I think
that's it yeah thanks
okay guys about pageant shoes one look
seven get your nails everyone
yeah hey guys we finished we finished
dinner looks like I'm naked with
bedsheets on me oh I'm just having a
stress I am and having my espresso to
keep me awake because I'm like tired out
from all that food but we got
butterscotch krimpet lay and little
cookies we were still confused but we
don't know we'll see how this does Oh
Ella but I love creme brulee we'll see
if I like the butterscotch so here's the
first place
that's good
oh no interesting oh yeah it's good
interesting it's not like regular
Pemberley absolute it's a sweater slash
button
anything a little change to something
sweet was my little couple of espresso
moms over there Instagram I'm on a date
by myself even all else present just
kidding about my phone a minute ago that
you nervous
it's getting close to Donnie and I'm
Danny time no video
hey guys we're going I think it's
probably moms if we're going to pound
them to have like our top number two and
he said yes okay for Sochi and my
martini in her martini so what was the
question
oh my god
Sharon Stone all in one got a little
milk over here literally I was like a
mom my mom was like the hot daughter but
I'm okay with that
Brown away from you cells in our
what are you doing I'll be ate so much
oh my gosh am i little Tommy Tucker
wrong room so I still stop that thing
full
Oh
I wanna come in go become
hey miss with the augmentsm fishies
