that's what candy
there's Shelley have you been on my
channel yet oh my god okay so you guys
work months ago I was talking about like
I was so excited to meet someone and
what's your YouTube channel because you
put on you - I'm like wait you don't you
didn't tell me I can't ride a couple
what's your uses yeah my youtube channel
is same same J example she's same chick
on everything she is amazing she's like
I haven't even seen like her YouTube
videos I can put one up so guys look
subscribe prepare because I feel like
she needs to do more videos cuz she's so
funny she does the second life too and I
was like I see second like like way back
when I don't think oh my god force on me
I love it
you have a second life videos I think
it'd be amazing thank you a couple right
there and YouTube
what does I mean URL yeah you're killin
officially you can't post 50 minute
video she can post a bitch before the
videos which is weird though rez saddle
ranch is Chun routine and so long so
bubbly we're gonna be stuff together
make another viral video
yeah
we over here who just oh I'm going on a
diet after eating an omelet and like
hash browns result healthy organic does
it take you back to like insulation
we're doing another one encore
performance
I can't
to my baby
whose other California might be Jimmy I
mean my jumper from Ann Taylor
straight-up ballin my mom and me this
jumper but it's our soul control guys I
brought obsessed with jumpers it's
literally no effort no fuss just throw
them on and you kind of you're kind of
coordinated I mean I guess just have all
kind of crazy but I'm not like all
mismatched but um cutting already kills
and have to whatever doing oh I have to
uh how about this next album coming up
in my sake Alfred five hours just now
how much I love Hollywood kill my lips
up I've got my fair nails to listen so
let you guys have to like see them again
I'm like oh my god i needa so she's out
on so great got them okay I'm gonna walk
my street yeah I'll see that's why
people are like that's why Josh at the
time said don't get one because I need
to stare at yourself I just look at her
vlogging camera shows on camera cuz she
was vlogging help me with my she's like
amazing and so she says she's got me
with that we're so we were talking about
it literally and talking him house like
three and a half hours times me not to
you by camera we were just talking about
vlogging she's starting to bike blog now
and stuff like that and yeah so as like
you got a just look at yourself but the
only thing is she oh yes look here right
yes like no I still look carry really
look up we like appear but we're
supposed to look
yeah
no you always look at yourself and
checking ourselves
she was actually she's telling me she's
Jessica Simpson stunt double and
something and I was like in the pizza
commercials yeah they were sharing our
discussant stories but that's a whole
other video but I was really interesting
so like you know I just got Simpson she
gets out girl let me tell you kid all
these stories so many stories
no way sorry so it's like - Jessica
Simpson's right here we bought it on
Jessica Simpson everybody is saying I
should go subscribe to her cuz I'm sure
you'll be seeing her more in my vlogs
because hopefully you like that she's
like oh yeah yeah so gladly
oh yeah and I saw her geez poor
insidious okay like at the end of her I
was like oh my god
Shane thanks for connecting us awesome
there are you Shane why aren't you here
he's like introduce us Millie that's a
female yeah but we're talking about
stuff hopefully and hopefully to work
out and her husband does music so maybe
do some music stuff with him so who
knows that I'd introduce you guys to her
because she's so rude and so cute and so
fun and our like Peppa
