oh my gosh hot mess Express I just woke
up guys and I was like I'm gonna be late
I have a podcast and it's Jason podcast
like my nails like still blasted that's
like so that's like not gonna get fixed
till Saturday because I have like a
million bajillion things to do this week
and I woke up and I'm like fuck it was a
10 o'clock but the progress isn't till
11:00 but it's like literally like 1002
right now I like got up just drawn like
these jean shorts and this like tank top
which I'm kind of like living for this
tank job has it's a box cutter but then
I have like this like needs bra I'm just
gonna look like a hot tacky mess um but
yeah I'm going to Jason Hortons
podcast and I don't want to be late cuz
he is always so helpful and comes
through for me so I need to come through
for him and I'm really excited I even
asked me to be on it so cuz people
rarely ask me every other podcast except
for Shane of course but yeah I'm really
excited and it's not too far from me so
that's good and I got my short hair I
gotta get my sentence back in but
honestly guys like I don't know I know
here it's like busy doing what but like
believe it or not be like really busy
I'm just like really tired right now so
hot mess Express to to going through ok
here so early
it's um 10:20 now I show you earlier I
was like driving around I can't find it
which I kind of was anticipating that's
why I left so early
um so now I'm just here chillin in the
park you know like a creeper because
okay so early but I was worried I don't
I don't wanna be late and I didn't if I
was gonna pick parking and the movie
theater it's like right next door and I
really want to go see a movie I really
want to go see a movie and I'm just
gonna feel like worse I think I think
I'm gonna feel like so lethargic I
already feel lethargic and lazy just
because I don't know like I slept in and
I'm just like I have a stuff I could jus
room ears are awesome I was feel like
I'm in a lifetime I do another career
dream years but ya know if anyone has
like I don't I don't have like a TD I
don't know what that would be like OCD
like I don't know that buddy but this
bothers me and it drives me nuts every
time eyes
affectionately but I don't know guys I'm
in a weird got a weird font it's not you
say that a lot like I don't know I don't
know I think cuz it go from like doing
so much like creatively and then I have
so much like back-end stuff like well
not back in some of it so that everyone
has to do like my taxes are so hard like
I have an accountant but I'm gonna have
to go through everything I mean I know
everyone does it but it's I got to throw
that and then I have Bills of pom bills
upon bills I pay and um I mean I have to
do taxes from this year because I do
like quarterly taxes and it's just it's
a lot there's just a lot I don't know it
sounds like nothing actually but do you
feel like I said this before sometimes
do you feel like I'm all alone and like
dealing with like the world and I don't
know I just always really people
everyone has like a like a crutch and I
don't have like a crutch to be oh can
you help me with this getting on with
this like I'm so which doesn't go go
with my personality as a person I was
actually very needy and very not needy
but more so I'd rather than have other
people to serve me like I don't know how
to say it because it does not coming out
right like when I was like growing up
with my mom would always do stuff for me
or my dad would always do stuff for me
or a sister or my brother like they
always took care of Trish because I was
just like a little baby and like I don't
want to do anything ever and so I feel
like growing up like that um it was good
at the time but I kind of feel like I
don't know like I can't I mean I can I'm
you know gonna be 27 in a couple of
weeks and it's like clearly I'm a
functioning adult and I can do it it's
just like one of those things where it's
like it puts me like a weird funk we
need to deal with like all the like
back-end stuff like you don't creative
like I haven't been creative with my
videos or creative with me looks or my
dress you know I don't know I just I
feel like I'm losing a little bit of me
when I have to do the
you know pouring stuff using iTunes it's
not like transferring licenses and
getting licenses and doing contracts
it's just like a lot and a lot of people
on YouTube have like managers I have a
manager but I deal with like it's like a
channel manager I mean like they get me
and stuff like you know once a month or
something like that you know but
everything else I do myself like it's
literally a one-woman show like and I
love it because I'm kind of like a
little bit of a micromanager I'm very
like obsessive with like what I want
done and how I want it done but at the
same time it would be nice to have like
someone kind of like reminding me of
things and like be like this is are
taken care of like this is all set I
don't know I thought I'm just I'm just I
just I don't see another thing I have
been so lazy as we get my period I just
want to sleep
I just want to sleep in my bed and it
was so nice this morning so I woke up
and um well I mean I was like but I woke
up and I was like good but I was like 10
o'clock and I was like so happy because
I was like sleeping in and I feel like I
have not slept in and so long and I I
want to sleep in more because I feel
like um I don't know I feel like I'm so
creative at night but then I get really
tired at like 8 or 8:30 and it's like
well then my creative juices are wasted
cuz when I'm like in bed even though I'm
like dog-tired I start thinking of so
many ideas so I'm like writing him down
on my phone and I don't know I love
people just stare at me like I'm gonna
be talking on the phone how do I know
maybe I'm facetiming somebody literally
this guy but the guy in the business he
just got in his like nice ass car and
he's just like staring but yeah sorry
about it but I don't know what I want to
do I should maybe look up movie times
see what's playing
I saw Shane last night oh there might be
something exciting on the horizon with
that I hope I hope it works out he
thought of me for this really cool idea
that he might be doing and I was very um
am I getting a glare glare with these
glasses I don't know what I look like
without the glasses
ruff-ruff
um so I was really excited you thought
at me for it so I don't know we'll see
how that goes I hope that works out and
you know anything Shane's like a part of
him I was like yes he's like would you
be interested doing it like yes like
anything yeah he does I want to be a
part of
he's very motivational and inspirational
like that sounds so weird but like ever
even like around him I do get more
inspired like creativity create
creatively oh my god why can I say that
um and I should I mean me oh my god I
should have my music video for a little
less conversation and he really really
liked it which is like so cool because
like I think he's pretty honored it's
like when I show him like my hot for
teacher the kids very honest and like
give me notes he's like no I really
loved I had a lot of fun watching it
which means a lot to me because like I'm
so when you're so close to a project you
guys probably know about this like in
school or whatever you're doing when
you're so close to a project like it's
hard for you to like step back and like
look at it from like just an
entertainment value like I'm so like
hard on myself like I'll watch it and
I'll be like I don't know and and for me
it's it's especially difficult edit it
and I don't I don't know about editing
really I know what I think looks good
but at the same time I'd like trust you
know I just complain too just to the
whole spiel about wanting to you know
have help and so with these music videos
I do have help from professional so I
gotta learn how to take that help and
know that some people are like more
expertise than me and so just that the
affirmation the reaffirmation I suppose
from Shane me like no it's like really
good I was like kind of made me
breathing I was like okay it is really
good like I watched it with him which I
kind of hate watching myself with other
people I'm very like giggly either I try
and talk sometimes to make it like less
awkward and he doesn't talk when he
watches it so I was very like nervous
but watching it with him I was like oh
hey this is like this is not bad and
then when he said it I was like oh hey
this is really good and I'm really proud
of it and um I don't know I think this
is why I've never I never like
auditioning or performing what I like
auditioning and I like performing but
both give me really high really high
anxiety because I'm so critical like if
something's like not
I don't know how to say yeah like I
don't know I just get really like
anxious like thinking we'll know unlike
this piece at the end of the day I chose
a career in a field entertainment that
relies on other people's approval like
they you like if the audience whoever
you're catering to doesn't like what
you're doing and I said this before and
I know youtubers complain to they're
like you guys don't get what I'm doing
well it's like at the end of the day
like yeah we're ourselves and we are who
we are but it's like at the end of the
day it's like your audience isn't liking
what you're doing anymore like you have
to change it so it's I'm very um
especially with you - I'm very like um
self-conscious maybe about these kind of
things because I just want you guys to
like it and I feel like oh I don't know
I'm just kind of babbling cuz we have
videos many regular YouTube videos are
not like greatly edited and I don't feel
as much pressure with those because um I
kind of treat my youtube as like my talk
show sort of thing like the time I feel
like Wendy Williams or something where I
just talk about topics and I feel like
you either like those or you don't I
don't know if my music videos I'm just
I'm actually really trying with these
it's something that I put a lot effort
money time into and um you know when you
choose so much work on something you
just want it to be you just want it to
be good and that's all I'm saying
on a different note I'm almost out of my
grill pills which I'm really sad about
you can see there's only like a few left
in there I'm gonna have to go and get
some more hair pills to grow this hair
which has been growing right guys can we
give a little acknowledgement that my
hair doesn't look like just uh a mess
anymore
it's growing and I'm happy about that my
stylist um angel he who sells me here he
doesn't really use a flatiron anymore
when he styles me here
he's very like protective of it which is
great so that's awesome that's awesome
I'm kind of just killing time I feel
like I'm having a podcast
it's 10:30 now I have to be in there at
11:00 but I feel like if I get there too
early like no one's gonna be there and I
really and I
be sitting around very awkward and I
think Jason watches my um my vlog
channel I think he does because I think
remember you just watch as the one
season well if Bobby this one maybe I
don't know
so Jason this is nothing about you I
just have neuroticism why shouldn't talk
today I don't even know neuroticism I
decide like I'm just a neurotic person I
just think all these different scenarios
in my head and worry about things that
don't ever happen and stress about
things that do not matter like does it
matter that I get there early and sit
there for 30 minutes no but it may have
I'm thinking oh someone's gonna it's
gonna be awkward cause I was gonna keep
asking me if I want water is I'm gonna
are you okay something that oh we're
almost starting and I'm gonna get
anxious feeling that like I just feel
like I have a lot of like um I don't
even know I'm just like baby pictures
tell you about my cross nail in there
there's me make a ramp ah this is like
so random actually it in like you know
realize these were still in here there's
my daddy eating a hot chili dog oh my
gosh I can't face going everywhere
me and my Uncle Joe I don't know if you
guys can see baby Trish my grandpa my
dad my brother and me with Michael Joe
over there there's me it's kinda hard to
talk with me angles fisheye and all that
stuff um we were seeing Jason orange car
I keep like looking to see if I see him
so he doesn't think I'm like a freak
just sitting in here cuz that's the
other thing what's weirder than showing
up early and sitting in the office is
exiting your car like a fucking freak
like why is she sitting in a huh
because I have issues where I kept lot
of public because I get anxiety I don't
even know you or guys I don't even know
you are in a Vegas next week we're the
biggest twice we're do Vegas next week
I'm motivate us from a birthday and I'm
really excited about both times when
with my mom next week and I'm going with
my
for everyday because my dad's birthday
is two days after my birthday which is
very exciting
um so yeah a lot of people were asking
me about my purse this is a jiangshi oh
my god I almost just broke another nail
that was so so stupid I'll show you
after this girl passes because she
bought me filming her can you see
anything okay
I want to do like a what's in my purse
for at this and I think I will they
really like it but I feel like it's not
a summer or spring break because it's
like black and dark um like my soul but
yeah okay I don't know you despite
pouring you guys I feel like this is
just a podcast I feel like we should add
podcast it right now I want to stop
there's been so many issues back to back
I think you turn this up that's not
gonna turn this is wrong oh my gosh
Dancing with the Stars I talked about
that can we talk about dance with the
Stars I'd be on a week delay or two week
goodbye but yeah um yes with the Stars I
love it
I wish I were super on this season was
it was so cool to see I think doesn't
even with like videos anymore but wasn't
it like so cool to see like a youtuber
ah I'm not even like I wasn't even like
a um Bethenny fan like I would not that
I was like a non-fan I just like overly
I watched her but like not watched her I
don't know I'm like absolute crazy today
um but I really liked watching her
Dancing with the Stars yeah I was like
so I'm hoping there's gonna be another
youtuber on this season if that would be
really cool but whatever is still good
Suzanne Somers has been off now she
wasn't dancing this week so that sucked
I just saw the episode where Patti
LaBelle eliminated which is fitting
because she just couldn't keep up with
the rest of the people to be honest I
love Robert Herjavec from shark tank and
um but like I hate the way him and Kim
interacted I get their dating but it's a
go little nauseating for like ABC you
know I mean like he just got divorced
like I don't know and the way they I
don't know I guess I'm okay with like
partners dating but just the way they
interact is like a little too like like
I said like nauseating I don't know
maybe that's just me I'm just like okay
like yeah too much too much for ABC um I
love Derek Hough if I was ever anything
at the stager decide what Derek I was my
partner I love him so much I think he's
like well I just think he's like another
dancer I think sometimes he's like a
little much but I mean he's really a
dancer and obviously a really good
career for a teacher like I think his
partners always have an advantage
because he's the best dancers he just
comes up with the best dances that's
just a fact Mark Ballas comes up with
really cool dances but he's such like a
um I don't know what the word is a he
tries so hard to like be the red wall
and try and like piss people off on
purpose I don't know there is something
about him I don't necessarily like but
his dance is not pretty cool most of the
time um
his partner while I was like 14 she's
like crazy good I mean she's crazy good
but crazy good for a 14 year old - it's
like um imagine being like 14 and like
in The Hunger Games Movies and like
audience answers I always want to be 14
and wanted to be that girl but that
never happened um remember Willis so
good I really like her watching her
dance I never really knew anything about
her before the show but I really like
watching her dance I think she's good Oh
Oh Riker um I just went ah he was well
he just said on the show that he was
like Julianne Hough and Erik's cousin
which is weird I don't know he's from
these cute when he's a good dancer and I
know winners who do I think is gonna win
this he's him oh there's a bachelor oh
and the vet the army that guy are the
Marines I don't know what he is in the
one that's missing his leg and it's arm
from being in Iraq or somewhere over
there like crazy I'm like crazy I mean
that guy like I'm sorry but somebody
even bought this cuz we watched intimate
star together while we didn't last night
but we do a lot and we're like
I don't know and maybe she doesn't like
this because he's probably okay this is
what I'm dealing with like don't humming
inspiration I'm not like that to
something I was like it's like okay
we'll discuss I'm chubby doesn't mean
I'm like inspiring you know I don't know
sokeep but it is inspiring cuz it's like
you watch him and he's like telling it
fresh all I'm Dancing with the Stars
just crazy like um like life like not
complaining like always like super
optimistic like and he's missing an arm
and a leg it's like legit and it was
blown off you know
overseas like it's just so I'm just like
I'm what were they just complaining
about like ten minutes ago like it was a
complain about like paying bills doing
my taxes I mean it does like put in
perspective and I'm glad I talked about
it because like now thinking about it
it's like oh you know I complain about
little things and and I always say not
to like discount people's problems like
you know just before somebody has a
bigger problem or a bigger struggle it
seems then you going on a light doesn't
mean like you matter any less um but you
know thinking about things in the grand
scheme of things I'm like well I have my
leg which is you take those things for
granted but when you watch him it's like
wow it would be things could be a lot
worse and I like that he's just so
positive because it's like okay if he's
like not complaining
it's like I he's not be complaining I
don't know I like him a lot but winners
who that thing's gonna win I mean I
think like Romo rumour Rumour Willis
might have a chance
I think cuz she is a good dancer but
also because of who her parents are it
seems the more like famous or well-known
people tend to win I know Derek Hough
and his partner will go far but I don't
think they're gonna win yeah I guess
rumor mmm and she's more well known I
can see maybe Riker but rumor is more
well-known in the end I think that will
get pretty far but like I just think cuz
he is at such a disadvantage like he
just he won't be able to you know keep
up dancing wise so I think that it's
just gonna it's just gonna like get
noticed I think I don't know which sucks
cuz he's you know
his fault its opposite actually you know
but um yeah my money's on women Wallace
I think Derek and Nastya I think Dom I
think I'll get second they're pretty
good but um there is a nun like ability
to have your home she's like a little
bit Jim best but presently just don't
act with I don't know not even a nun
like ability something you don't connect
with but all right yes it's 10:40 thanks
for letting me chitchat for - why do you
met its holy cow um
eons I'm gonna go and see how this
podcast go so see you inside
get my glasses oh yeah use the restroom
No
oh this is my my room
I try to do it's like sneakily read a
really cool podcast set up yeah yeah
this is my first time here
what is where can you listen to excited
tonight no I try to tell them this will
be on on iTunes friends without benefits
and then this town cloud.com /d Jason
Horton oh wait so there's these days and
more and then friends now benefits it's
like well no that's the my soundcloud
URL is the easy oh I Tunes his friends
without benefits and it's free right
it's totally free completely free no
money no although we don't know if it's
worth because we haven't even started to
pay you so we're about to start right
that ID five guys cuz this is cool so
for fashion here's yeah okay right here
for the head one so we just finished
anything away I think one really really
well I think you're gonna learn learn a
little bit I don't think I can I say it
- mud I think oh my Oh Jason's just like
by light not so sure that way thank you
much no no no I like it gives a little
bit it's a controversial haven't said
before but I likes you should I go
listen to it what is it again my friend
about benefits on iTunes and SoundCloud
is soundcloud.com celestine bj support
these days in Horan so looking at this
is all professional yeah I got kicked
off early he was like kicking me off
it's not her this is I usually they're
using only 20 minutes Shane was 20 I
think it was like 20 minutes just twice
as long chains shame
I mean Anna's in a fancier thing and I
was like I gotta do my podcast I got to
get it going cuz I could talk for
another three hours like I'm here I'm
ready and I was getting into it and then
it's like hey pies I can't you do it
here baby sideshow I show Network so
thank you for having me on
literally the most annoying thing right
now guy behind me clean cars I parked my
car over there and he's like
teach me
you can't park there I'm like literally
I'm just trying to fucking my wife like
I'm not even annoyed I'm American mood
but that was so crude like it's hella
you gonna store I'm gonna okay try that
John I'm like oh that dress is like
$5,000 it's like cooking I'm gonna mean
like the sign loulou's and exercises car
wash that's coming through nobody was
coming at my car some okay looks like
Park I'm like wait a mine because no
one's coming apart
so annoy I know I was just saying early
in the car like there's not like more
thing course things to complain about I
didn't see movie caps went great
I'm so bad fat cats if you like hit
verbal diarrhea where I just say like
whatever I walk single comfortable like
I did sheets podcaster for Jason's and
overly complicate whatever every guy
like people listen and then when
whenever there's like reaction from them
like not as I'm shooting with that
comment I'm like admitted a them I don't
get flower kind if what I say is true if
it's the truth truth shows not you free
you know one can use that against you if
what you're saying is true but it's true
and everything I said is true and my
true thoughts and feelings but yeah it
was um it was interesting podcast myself
coming up next and she is super sweet
and the wing girls I saw Tracy I was
forgot her name Tracy I saw her so that
was really cool
so Amy's going to see a movie I'm gonna
go see unfriended we should sue her save
up it says how Shane is trained and he
told me in pen I was actually pretty
good
I said it wasn't that scary which is
good because I was worried I get scared
it's like so it's gonna probably really
scary for me um so yeah it's gonna use
do that and like take a breather say
and that's just about things I didn't
see about me so let's get you yeah
forgive me love Jason so much he's so
sweet he's so funny he looks so good
he's getting so spell teehee
he looks so good I said you know I know
how hard it is to lose weight like it's
always a struggle for me but it struggle
for everyone really I mean I don't think
anyone's losing weight it's easy maybe
somebody who don't like food or
something I don't know I mean he looks
really really good kinda gave me
motivation I shouldn't be in the gym and
said the movies but here I am walk later
today I just wanted to be lazy
so we're gonna be lazy and go see a
movie style tell you how it goes
scare you probably not that's not good
that's not jacket yeah no one's here my
name is discounted I don't know any
quiet could let me live in here it
wasn't one movies he unfriended enough
I'm like scared cuz like nods in this
theater I feel like no it's gonna be in
that theater yeah cuz I say hey guys mr.
space okay I think the scariest movie I
like
so now that I've ever seen but I think
those kind of movies maybe we jump you
movie scared
it freaked me out I don't like movie
things like that I probably have so much
like it's not my nose playing pulling
the nose and there would be there's a
beep oh my gosh there's a--they oh my
gosh I've never been somebody fun
fashion a baby mom I've been scary that
I think it was like something there in
it or just you scary movie it's freezing
I think I was gonna be hot so I have
like shorts and heat up so cold I need
to be like that sweater woods right now
I like it more shipping this time
because it feels so warm there's a mail
place I think with my nails
Oh shall we from about my mom's in Vegas
but honestly movie like legit freaked me
out that my name is I don't know it
scared me it she was like it wasn't
scary it was like expecting it not to be
like that bad it was really sure I was
like an hour long
well I had to hide you guys but that
I've had you
I got my fresh sixteen card and I get
the heck out of here update my car seems
really good I kind of was like dogged on
the car wash people because they like
they never got well I didn't get a car
wash I like once was I'm so good in here
I love it I should be eating my nail
fixed but I'm gonna go pick up food
because I'm tired and I'm lazy and I
want to eat I want to sleep even though
it's like cleared hot I just want to
take a nap hey let's eat and then like
you know regroup on my computer and then
go to sleep but the car smells good
I'm gonna better head space if I was but
I watched unfriended cuz that movie
brings me out it freaked me out I'm
sorry this freaks anyone out sorry not
sorry
