oh okay so this is the final day of
shooting and hey Zeus brought these over
from Santa Monica they're crispy creams
and look up a little be there so cool oh
my gosh and I'm doing my hair my makeup
sent down boom do my hair and they have
a channel now what's your channel what's
your eyes a channel come on yeah Jesus
and aim holy jesus an angel on theirs
huh keep up with me keep up but with
this card actually plug who you love
today like you did to my mom's channel
what do you love today for today it will
be Jennifer Lopez okay last day of
shooting little less conversation we did
rat bat chicks and now we're doing
little less conversation see how it is
so they're just packing up our a child
it was makeup again but she's like my
brother to expand cameras just beautiful
but you guys can see on Instagram so Bob
were on there she did my makeup and then
of course angel did my hair with hey
Zeus providing krispy kremes who was the
catering today guys on that early so
they're vlogging they're over on youtube
com / holy jesus an angel so you guys
can see them so I thought their hair cuz
they're gonna be blogging my hairstyle
today cuz you know me i get too busy so
and my mom's over there filming and
she's against my window though so so
many films so many blogs so that's
what's happening and we'll see y'all
here then you're wearing flip flops
doing the seventies luck doing quick to
we had like 20 minutes to do a quick mom
without backup duty try and I'm saving
my camera from the hairspray diesel is
king of Han phrase I'm like covering the
phones coming that got hey Zeus over
there holding the drive he's got the
dress Nikki friendly with salad oh yes
anybody is like Aaron KY
