hi everyone we are here on set day one
of fat chicks with my mommy
hey and are you guys married Club yes
sir okay
why don't you be like there so
everything I love they did my hair maybe
YouTube maybe I'll start a YouTube
channel if they do I'm trying to
convince them if they do I'll link them
below that way you see him Pat we're
just about to do the first shot of the
day's ride him to be like the hair stuff
to on their channel because like I mean
the hair they hella on both ends to go
they kill si guys gotta check them up
makeup melting is your makeup melting
these are probably like flamingos from
the 50s these are from there's like
random flamingos
well Lisa no you don't have to jump in
the water
all right ladies give her a dirty look
little lamp Trish
take your head and discuss you got an
idea
grab a house and come on back and laugh
let me see laughing
you're right like dirty look - we're
sorry - do like you guys know this table
whispering or whatever your only log
like this tape thank you yeah I think
it's so much Craig that Mike my little
boy might actually tell people that I'm
his dad now
yeah I'm glad this idea bring families
together if I cook gonna be handing me
some pancakes you have to pinky expected
hey do you see the piggies real those
are real oh they didn't really real and
you can tell the difference of fever
face Oh
they look delicious thank my gosh that
there did you cook those are no you
forgot II was nothing actually have made
and else motive these hmm my don't know
the difference I know get it over my
lovely house are all fake too over there
I'm all make everything
crouch down shredded
yeah
and action
thank you is the only siblings do it
like me her and then I have like a half
brother
I know verbally what would you call this
angel - Barbie classic Barbie party it's
like the original Barbie the original
Barbie can I see you in the dark there's
a - bad move over in the light I'll go
do a s'more over here just gonna do the
final shot oh my and so I have switched
up into my Rizzo flashy 2d Valentino's
we've been here all day
we're doing an elephant on Sunday
Virginia announced by little a
foundation at the cover of that Mon so
we're seeing that on Sunday yes like
people like set up if they early I was
like really excited we're gonna be used
up Mona is again a big auditorium years
ago they come on location
is amazing to say something it's warm
coffee cool a little chilly at they
became numb to it
Johnny I really don't
nothing to do with me
by travelpod member
and you
you
and
okay
where
he may be
great let's just reset keep rolling keep
rolling
baby
just give me some minor ones and he's a
model look see camera
great one more time my hair is still a
partially hair spread back this is all
like still hair spread back from tonight
but I knew that I watched in the morning
I'm just like too tired of washer right
now I'm so tired I'm so exhausted day
one of a three day shoot this is day one
of fat chicks and we're doing today's to
fat chicks and then one day a little
less conversation and I'm just so
exhausted I'm so tired and make shaking
so cold it was just a long day but the
cast the crew everybody is so freaking
awesome the song is so awesome the music
video so awesome I can't wait for guys
to see it I hope you guys really really
love it I do this for you and I don't
have a choice just take your job or
whatever but like I take everything I
make off youtube and always reinvest in
myself in my books in my music gaming
videos like I'm like this video was so
epic it's like a it's like a save it's
like it's like a down payment on
people's house like you don't mean and
I'm not complaining I just want you guys
know that I really do do this for you
guys like I'm always trying to think
like what's gonna will consume the
entertaining what's gonna make them
really like it you know what I mean and
at the end day I'm still living in my
two bedroom you know I'm so I'm not like
bawling like that the other day I'm
still I'm just all reinvesting it into
my videos and awesomeness and I just I
really really do for mama hurt me like I
hope you guys enjoy because I do it for
you I have so much fun doing it don't
get me wrong but there's no way I would
ever put this much effort into something
if it wasn't something that I think you
guys would really enjoy and I'm just
like getting chills thing but I think
it's gonna be such a good video I'm so
so proud of it and I hope you guys
really like it and I just I love you
guys so much for watching my videos it
is so crazy to me that this is like real
life I love it I'm so fortunate to be
able to get to do these big production
big budget videos they're just it's so
cool it's so cool I'm like literally
this was my dream as a kid to be Britney
Spears and now I'm pretty spirits like
it's it's so cool I am so fortunate and
so blessed and I want to keep making
these videos for as long as I can these
kind of you know the like these kind of
videos I love and then like big-budget
video because they're just fun they look
cool anything you guys will like it
I kinda guy that's like mullet thing
going on but just what we're working
with but oh you guys I have a ll Elvis
shirt on and tomorrow is going to be a
shorter day it's only a like five hours
shoot it's all green screen stop and
then Sunday is a big one against Elvis
one big dance number so I'm gonna get
some sleep
I'm so tired I'm just got bags under
eyes cannot bags in the morning so then
I got graham and thank you guys to come
along in the journey hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog I'll see you tomorrow
until next time with a dirt and redness
and here I can see a little pay for hmm
