hey guys so I just found out the best
news ever my mom just called to tell me
that she's cancer-free oh my gosh like I
can't even tell you the amount of
happiness and joy and literally the best
day of my life I'm just so happy my mom
time you said cancer was the worst day
of my life her telling me that she's
cancer-free is the best day of my life
I'm so just so so happy and so I thought
I'd share with you guys I just filmed a
beauty haul over there there's like so
much stuff so I'm trying to like hide it
over there let me just let me just pick
that up so there's no mess in the
background I hope but honestly it's just
it's just the best news I could have
ever received it's just Walter we our
family it's just you know I said this I
didn't ask Tricia and I just you know I
just said this but you know if finding
out your family member has cancer or
loved one has cancer it honestly feels
like they're dying like you're never
going to see them again like it's it's
not it's not the end of the world it's
terrible but it's not the end of the
world and I think when I first found out
we didn't know anything about it like
honestly I just knew my grandma he just
died of breast cancer and so knowing
that I was just just like my mom like
she can't die like she can't I need her
and that's your first thing and so now
hearing that she's cancer-free my mom
did have a mastectomy as you guys seen
on this channel but she had a mastectomy
about a week and a half ago and I'm just
so I'm just so moon right and I was just
like really excited and I wanted to
share with you guys I wanted to share
with somebody else looks lated and my
mom did a video on it and it was um it
was just amazing it's just it was just a
real and wonderful and just everything
we needed to hear in our life right now
it's just all that mattered because for
the past couple months my mom's the only
thing that matter to me I mean she's
always been a priority of mine but like
the past couple must have just been so
focused on my mom and you know wanting
her to be better you just just consumes
your mind whether you want it to or not
knowing someone is going through that
it's just it's just weighs on your mind
but yeah I'm just really excited right
now I can't even I can't even tell you
guys I don't you know it's honestly the
best day of my life like when someone
you know what was the best day of your
life or what is the best thing that's
ever happened to you this this is the
best thing that's ever happened to me
cuz so it just gives me chills to be
honest it's so surreal and so awesome
and I'm just so so thankful so I thought
I would do that on this video and give
you guys some updates I also wrote down
my phone because I've been meaning to
update you guys so long ago everyone's
like I need to know Trish did you find
your keys a little update on that is yes
I did find my keys it was it was a home
it was on my couch the key so I took it
in to Mercedes or actually the place
where I got it from it wasn't a Mercedes
dealership it was a good dealership that
had Mercedes basically best I could get
there and I was like dude yo like this
needs to be fixed because I was able to
drive my car without a key this is no
bueno so they were like puts so weird
what could it be your bolo so it ended
up being that I had I don't know there's
something wrong with it I don't know
what it was they got a fix because I was
like this ain't gonna fly this I'm gonna
fly if anyone doesn't Drive I got the
key itself it ended up being fixed but
took like a lot of week to get fixed so
I was around the time I was being like
ugly and gnarly Karen and not really
like vlogging or film it or anything so
that was the big dude I thought my keys
for my keys and then I think that's
pretty much it for my updates the only
other one is I've been playing around
with this camera all morning if
photographs you so well and it makes
your makeup and everything look so
flawless no filter does have Wi-Fi on it
so you can send it directly to like
Instagram and stuff it is so nice I'm
gonna do a full probably like talk about
this in a favorites will definitely
gonna be my favorite because this camera
is bomb diggity the pictures let me just
show you the pictures it took the
pictures of check is was absolutely
ridiculous let me just go just bring up
these pictures for you because they were
all so flawless no filter no nothing so
if you're someone who takes a lot of
selfies and wants your selfie game to be
cray this is what you need so I mean
I've got something like the buffets but
you're getting like a glare off I'm
gonna show you the ones we took earlier
this morning and like in the when it was
like nice and daylight like now like
look at the picture look at that it's
like so flawless and that's like no
filter it's like amazing that's cameras
is literally everything imma show you
another one
minimize that oh this one I post it as
well that one's no filter just so so
pretty I'm just like still in love with
it also I got a big blowup picture of me
right there so do those that um I don't
know I decide I do like little updates
on this channel just because like I
didn't know what I've been doing
i'ma blog that much but I have some
videos some music video shoots coming up
this weekend so that's happening but
that's what's going on over on this
front but Hokies are well and I will
continue probably a little more now now
what I'm feeling like more myself and
things are good again in life so anyways
thanks guys for being here and I'll see
you guys in the next video
