okay guys we're going to YouTube space
today to film with Jason whore and i'm
so excited i love sturdy with Jason he's
just such a good guy just cool guy we're
shooting on the prison set so that's why
I am in my orange is the new black
costume oh you know it's not whores new
black am i right I'm all right she it's
supposed to be zipped up more died is if
it up more just busting on out but here
we do the whole funny people making out
make out it's a good one guys were on
site with it's me what's your name my
this is nate jackson private eye is a
state jackson i don't know it's my cool
name yeah Christina Christina what's
your channel we got ya Oh mad girls fall
Bad Girls ball she's tell me show sexy
funny comedy like Jason does sexy sexy
but more sexy than anything more is that
better than more than funny i headley
taxi JC yesterday and I'm like this i
love you you're just such a nice guy
you're not a user i think most youtubers
our users and he's like I'm not a
youtuber miss a hot guy what my cutie
vic CSI vlogging camera so cool she is
well Christina cashier Christina
Christina Christina I mean we're just
talking for like an hour my Christina
Christina baby like Sarah names like
yeah she's vlog she's doing vlog every
day in April so beta are you blogging
Jason look you guys are the white angles
I saw you going out of trying to get out
of the shot why do you wanna know no I
just snapchat snapchat be Jason orange
juice you're you're such a snap or am I
love it your remaining come to me oh
yeah I vine literally
yeah come to find a support let's do it
okay and do it judy geeson Horan Trish
on you why team and Chris out we every
track oh yeah I'm sorry Cheryl double-o
16 wow that's quite a fantastic sample
SS Jude morosely powers oh wow love it
she said blonde hair i could see you
looking like that so Ron Jail today
we're improving
