yeah they're just finishing some cereal
so I don't know my lips and my teeth
look like black color there's nothing in
them I just finished filming a favorites
video for you guys and luckily mom
Harrisburg this is so weird to see me
like the Sam I feel like March was such
a off month over me just dealing with
this Jassim my mom how to have surgery
and all that stuff like that I just
haven't felt like myself and I really
really miss doing hair and makeup and um
I have long hair but these are not the
extension extensions they're just clip
ins so these are all actually clip ins
and these are Bellamy's of course and I
have a coupon code Trish and you get spy
dollars off if you want to order any
bail in the extensions but I was so
excited cuz I was like yeah my long hair
is back even though it's not like
because I'm going to take these out
tonight but I've been really feeling out
I wanted to like take them for a test
drive because tomorrow I'm shooting at
YouTube space with Jason Warren so I
won't take them for a test drive and so
I thought I'd film some videos because I
haven't filmed um a lot of new videos
for you guys and I maintain a lot of
them were recorded because I knew I was
gonna have a really kind of rough month
and like busy months some IP recorded a
lot but I'm pretty much all out of those
so I started to film some new ones for
you guys starting with my March
favorites my little my locs bunny
bunnies way over there on this boob
there's bunny um so yeah I change my
part around so I'm so like this is my
good size so I'm usually used to doing
this but there's no hair on the side so
I'm like so changed my part so getting
used to it um yeah that's pretty much
what I'm doing today oh and organizing
my hoarding over let me show you my
hoarding room okay so just as like a
forewarning it's like it's still like
messy but oh my god you could not even
walk in into this room like literally
like a couple like a week ago so there's
my hoarding room kind of all my stuff
organized yeah dirty clothes it's so
gross but like these tabs I filled up
about 16 of these and move into my
storage unit and I have to get another
storage unit as my storage unit is
completely full and I got the big one so
I got to get more of those but I
organized some Hall Pass I Victoria Hall
I want to do it hurt at all drugstore
haul journal haul this is a beauty haul
I have to do such a little sneak peek of
all that I don't have I'm gonna do today
I just had some cereal so I'm like oh
hey do I want to do into a street a
video or a haul video I have a lot of
hauls I should do a haul but then at the
same time cuz I don't do a story time
video because I like talking to you guys
I haven't talked to you guys in a while
um so anyways so that's what I've been
working on and um it's been pretty
exciting so oh hello some wobbling I
haven't drinkin anything although I
really was excited to get some wine and
me and I think I don't want that I just
need to like relax is my first day like
home and like feeling good about myself
and has one drink a little bit just kind
of give me a little bit more of a a
natural let's on natural high but I feel
like a little like natural high right
now I feel very relaxed and calm I feel
like to do a little wine like calming
down a little more but yes I just like
so you guys in here on Josh's lab long
hey let's get long hair back right we
need the long hair back miss tortoise
I'm here to put back in permanently so
definitely gonna get that back in April
so I can live with yourself again
