you would think I have a kid down the
cookie aisle but I don't and I'm billing
times to buy some cookies but I already
bought like all this junk food and like
hoes that's Selena diet um but I came
down this aisle well because there's ice
cream but then I saw the cookies and it
just had a train moment I had a
flashback to last this time last year
where we all tried Oreos me Kate drew
Jane it brought back memories
now everyone's getting skinny on me yeah
and basically I'm left to eat these all
along but it's so exciting but it wasn't
me get some ice cream
I just don't know what kind of get
really crazy I just had a doctor's
appointment I need a recommendation of
sorts so got it um yeah
my ice cream - gasps but ice cream
Weight Watchers ice cream up
that'll they should but probably not the
military diet diet you can have no ice
cream actually should probably get
vanilla ice cream
some many decisions all right guys
cherries you guys I have it be peanut
butter what does it mean about our core
one so good PA butter half-baked but I
don't see it if I felt like
Boston cream pie on the legacy
coming in my panties right now oh this
is intense
alright guys what I scream Olympic
should be continued all right guys I
want super basic bit check out basic
dryers but not this drumstick ice cream
which is pretty much the ship mascot
some tater tots and waffle
my adult so very healthy as an adult she
was never held as a child so as I'm
building not very healthy either I'm
just going to speak sometimes I'm
healthy sometimes I'm wrong this week is
the latter waiting for awkward person
that lots of wine and champagne if
Mama's feeling good
I'm just feeling good and I went on a
walk today and that's why I look burnt
but yeah carrying this up will be a
workout that's my reward the ice cream
get it gets probably not for tonight
and I'm really bad period gritty
I can't I can't did the I figure out of
the store because I went often in my
cart and I went all through it my belly
that was another shopping adventure with
Josh hey everyone so it is a glorious
Sunday morning and I really have nothing
to do today my sister might be putting
my hair in the bed hair extensions back
in but I don't know but my mom's coming
over damn I've had a java with me
because she doesn't have a Pyrrhic that
she has moved and she gave my sister her
um her one that she got for Christmas
forever ago because she had their
boyfriends so putting a little bit of
milk in my coffee normally I have a
Dunkin Donuts talking doats Dunkin
Donuts caramel creamer that was so much
of it I just did
lemon legs on the legs trial of it that
is really good
so I normally use the Devon donuts
caramel creamer but since I tried I'm
just kind of tripped I'll take that one
out put one in here though oh here it is
the archer Farms caramel macchiato and
this is a decaf light roast and I would
never buy decaf ever I think she bought
it actually violation is still have them
here I'll get you a new one um from our
candy haul forever ago so I am his hat
and I'm like might as well use them and
they're really really good so I'll using
decaf ones cuz they are
isn't this milk thing just the cutest
thing ever I take this lace glass it's
2% I don't really like skim but I saw
this like glass one at pavilions I got
really excited and I don't know it just
little things like this except me
so I'm gonna enjoy my cup of coffee till
my mother gets over here and we'll see
it where the day this is oh my gosh you
guys by the way my ebook happy in how to
get another famous amount and oh man I
should just not tell you guys real quick
so this was like a little side project I
had been working on um and I'm like I
don't know one could be a full book book
like paperback like you know I just I
don't I didn't think I could because I
don't want to put filler in there you
know what I mean I wanted to put good
information in there and not have to
like fill it up you know I was fiction
it's different because you can really
expand a person's story there doesn't
have to be with me anyways when I write
fiction there's no start and finish like
clear-cut start and finish to the story
they kept their stories go on forever
because they have a life and they can
you can make the story as long as you
want
but with this kind of book I wanted it
to be kind of just the meet and I can
actually show you guys a real quick on
my Amazon Rey in the coffee with it so
there's the book how to get internet
famous the dollar ninety-nine it is
available only on Kindle um so yeah it's
kind of like I said sport the moment I
just sort of like a book I wanted to
write um it's something that I wanted to
do like as a video idea and then I'm
like gosh this is like so much
information to put out in one video like
everything I wanted to say so then maybe
I could do a blog post and then the blog
post started getting too long and it's
just like no one's gonna read this blog
post I feel like if it was in Kindle
format Kindle I know with my Kindle it's
just an easier read for me to be on a
Kindle or um what else do they have they
have another one for books I don't know
but I just feel like it's easier to read
on there than like computer screen just
like why not just do like a little ebook
and nothing like I'm gonna make a huge
spectacle of it I really I love it I
think it's really helpful and it's it's
it's kind of like the title is silly
obviously I get it
famous like you don't I mean kind of
silly but the book itself has actual
things that I did to get a sort of
online following and I feel like the
book explains it too I feel like it
online following is good for a lot of
things not just for people who want to
do entertainment like if you want to do
fashion or whatever you want to do I
know even made the guy that I was
looking at real estate with um the
realtor he has a youtube channel I feel
like it's just kind of good for everyone
to have like a sort of online presence
and that's kind of where the book goes
so even if you don't to be an actress or
singer or youtuber necessarily building
and branding yourself online is a huge
thing and so I just gave my tips it's
not like at the end I'll be all you have
to do this but I gave a couple tips to
UM people there's a little bit of
funniness in it but it's pretty serious
for the most part it's pretty much like
how I did my thing so I don't know I
just thought it would be a cute little
book and I am working on my novel which
is taking so much time and it's still
gonna take so much time I don't predict
it being out for maybe the end of the
year I don't know maybe next year but I
that's like my baby I really want my
novels I'm trying to take those very
seriously because I have I I think there
are really good stories and I don't want
to sell myself short on it and by any
means and even the covers and stuff I
probably won't be on the cover is like I
want them to be like a serious book that
people you know other than my people
that watch me
well--why so anyways alright guys good
morning to y'all I hope you all have a
beautiful day you may not be Sunday when
this goes up but whenever it is good
exercise halfway there baby
