oh so it is super early in the morning
but I thought I'd show you guys my bike
cuz I didn't get to show you guys last
night there's my bike my damn brush my
teeth either this morning to do it it's
early I like literally just woke up I'm
like still me pajamas a flash you um
yeah this is my new bike it has my name
on it and it's got pink in the wheels
and there's a little sparkly valve cap
Kix T on my little basket my bow it's
just a super duper cute bike look at the
detail of this I'm flipping this around
so I can't really show you guys it's
just so pretty I just love it so much
it says my name right here but it also
says it on the back over here I don't
know if you guys can see but like they
are somewhere hey I wanted to share this
with you guys because it's like you know
really exciting I thought so excited to
go write it I'm so so tired I was in bed
like snapchatting y'all and like doing
all that it looks like I have like
literally no hair it's like in this
little like baby pony um I'm gonna add
at some of these vlogs that I have a
stoat stored on the camera and yeah so I
will see you guys soon I don't know when
I don't know how but I know something
it's so really I can see maybe I'll take
you guys biking with me who knows we'll
see what the day
