oh my gosh you guys we just walked into
barns and no she and I swear I didn't
put it there I was there look this is so
weird this is so weird
he's like my friend my mom and I are
both like oh my god we want to kind of
said jokingly like Oh movies in the
bestsellers and look where he is that's
all there is
oh so excited so proud of Jane except
well and the garage hey guys I haven't
blogged in a minute I have been feeling
like a little a little down a little
depressed and I don't know I think it's
because my mom surgery is coming up in
like a week and I don't know I've been
transferred as much time with her as I
can and like I love being her my mom and
then I just get really sad thinking
about it and I don't know I've just been
in this weird mood I haven't been
exercising at all like I usually go on
walks and stuff like that like really
long walks for like hours at a time so I
had the blisters on my feet but I
haven't really done that no matter we
can have I feel really like lethargic
and I can feel my body being tired and
really lazy like I take naps throughout
the day like kind of like how I was
getting before I started back on my walk
thing and um I don't know like it was
just in this like breath
as of now I'm recording this I hadn't
have posted a truce of life video in
like a week and I'm like I have some
data and I'm like hanging out of it but
it's all with my short hair and to be
honest I don't feel pretty with my short
hair it's not like I hate it I mean
let's be real I do hate it but at the
same time I've been just kind of feeling
like yeah I'm going to just like put
extensions back and free if you want and
I do want him back in I don't know I've
just been feeling kind of like I said
like it about everything but it's okay
like tomorrow she's a good thing I
pushed myself out of the house cuz my
mom is going to look at furniture she
got um the apartment she wanted so she's
moving out on her own which um is long
time coming and she could probably tell
you more about that if she wants to it's
like a whole thing is really definitely
not my place to talk about her situation
but it's a good thing that she's moving
out she's wanted to move out she's not
in places she loves and this is all good
so she found that out today and I was
just like she's gonna look at furniture
and I said hey it's actually towards its
more south her way I feel like I'm being
in caved by so many people I feel like
really gross actually because first of
all this help is like huge wild ox I
usually order largest but they're larges
are just too big I think they make fish
of oversized but like really oversized
so you know like actually order size
down if you wanted to be like cute
oversized not like you're wearing a a
parachute
um but anyways so it's all good it was a
good thing and my gosh motorcycle might
just can't see my mom with swords I got
I don't like Wars ago that all but um
so yeah that's kind of what we I've been
doing I've kind of just been like
neglecting working out or eating good
but that all has to change because like
in a week and a half I'm doing a music
video so I really got to step it up in
regards to eating good eating healthier
and definitely definitely working out
and like something on my walking and
stuff like that
I consider working at home Aki I don't
know if you're someone who doesn't
exercise at all I was gonna say a lot
but if you don't exercise at all like
walking is a big thing people like kind
of like riding on me for like oh hey
walking is not working out but when I
was walking religiously like I was able
to keep down my weight because again
it's not okay I don't I like being like
I said more I like being fuller I you
know I I do but I don't like to be
uncomfortable which is in the food thing
I'm in now just because I probably
gained another 15 pounds and
and that's okay though I mean it's like
I monitor and I know it I feel it and so
like tomorrow I'm gonna like you know
really we're gonna take a bedroom again
and we're gonna actually moving the
types of storage this week because I've
been just stacking it pugs in there and
like not moving them anywhere so it's
all of us being cluttered so I'm
definitely gonna work on that really
hardcore tomorrow and laundry and like
take care of my house see him and take
care for help either I'm gonna take care
myself or my house is swag whatever
gonna someone asked me am i winning in
afghans like not a near-future because I
let things go for like a week and like
don't take care of things like it's it's
bad it's not it's not whatever it's
tiring to use don't like car vlogs by
the way I just felt like I really wanted
to vlog and talk because I feel like I
have it in a while but yeah it's all
good I mean it's I think we all have
these like ruts I don't know maybe we
don't I feel like I always I get in
these a little bit sometimes a little
depression ruts and they you know they
suck they suck and I think a lot of it
and I it's whatever it is what it is but
a lot of it is you know my mom's surgery
she's having mastectomy and she just
told me the other day she's like oh by
the way you're the person that can take
her in a contact if I stop breathing I'm
like why would you tell me that I don't
want to know that like okay it's fine
you put me down but that just trips me
out it makes me start thinking really
terrible thoughts and so oh she was so
pretty I'm so glad again I really need
to get my house shake well actually I
should take ID curiosity and had lunch
with door 3 which is the YouTube channel
i host expert on and so we're talking
about doing another show together
I'm really excited about so I'll think
that working I did go out and I did get
my storage key from sister so I did go
out today and it felt good to get out
and that's why I wanted to get out again
because I was just sitting at home
thinking like oh my god what do I want
to eat I order in which is it's a habit
I need to just like break because I've
been ordering in so much again I fell
down on this or have a whole December
last year and I was doing better and
then I just fell on there alcohol again
it's just a weird thing the guy that I
see as well it just um it's a weird
thing right now he basically ignored me
again for like a week and a half I don't
know why I think I laugh because it's
like so it's like sad it's sad that I
was like still like wanting him and so
he like emailed him and texted him and
oh my gosh I look really disgusting
right now I can't even believe I'm like
on camera or whatever I doesn't matter
it's true she's like right um so yeah so
I he he wasn't texting emailing because
he was like so mad at me about like the
stupidest stupidest fight we had and I
was like really gonna stay mad at me for
that and then he was just like then he
started talking to me and then um last
Saturday excuse me and then last
Saturday he texted me off or tweeze me
to tears he texted me and a lot it was
super sweet again and yeah um he was
traveling so like I know he's just being
like really really sweet and so it was
great and now we're getting out I heard
from in a couple days and then I also
felt like we were oh my gosh I look so
tired and I gave it I honestly just wash
my hair I don't put any product on it
it's just oh and I haven't self-tanner
driver so anyways long story short is I
kind of feel like I'm kind of clinging
on to something that I think has been
dead for a while and we kind of just
keep seeing each other for being
comfortable just random I don't know
it's one of those things where you're
like you kind of know it's over but
I don't want it to be over but like I'm
said I'm really sensing now that I think
he kind of wants to be done and guys are
guys guys I got to kind of just keep you
around just in case sort of thing all
right they've you know they get lonely
and they want to call you they want to
like string me along I have to be the
one so I'm gonna have to break it off
which history shows Trisha street shows
that I'm never strong enough to break up
I never am the one to be like this just
isn't working feels like I can't do it
and any time I've tried to do it the
guys like suckered me back in like up
think we can't talk like seriously like
you know really like just chill man I'll
be like you know we just really can't
see each other anymore and they suckered
me back in so I'm really not starting
out to bring off the only time things
get broken off with me is if the guy
breaks it off that's just how it always
is like if he's the one because even
even if he's the one I think we
shouldn't see each other anymore I will
be that girl who's a little I'm like
this sounds so bad it's just it is what
it is people say I'm a real youtuber so
I'm gonna give you some realness here
it's you know I try and try I kind of do
what they do except I'm not as a
successful at getting them back but like
if when they break it off okay let's
just let's just call speed estate so my
ex-boyfriend all right I mentioned quite
frequently his name is Michael I don't
think it matters I don't think it's even
a mystery I think people kind of know
who it is it doesn't it matters who it
is but his name whatever it doesn't
matter because it's like okay it's so
done Michael for instance someone that I
am was really in love with and you know
if I were to bring it off you'd give me
space for like a week and then be like
come back baby miss you baby let's do
this and like something like really
exciting would come up and I feel like
oh hey yes and then but then when I
would do it to hit so the firt was when
I say 'amen off we were on and off maybe
four times serious times meaning we were
off for like six months or another time
we were off for like a year and a half
and then got back together sort of thing
so dirty like a year and a half and he
want to talk to me I would be that girl
that would bit please please please and
then you know after after like a month
of that like no response then I move on
I'm not like a psycho crazy bitch where
I'm like you will see me like obviously
it's um it's not quite the same
situation with this guy because he's
still responsive and still says he wants
to see me but it's more of a feeling I
get where it's like I kind of feel like
he doesn't want to and kind just as well
there's this happening um I don't know
maybe a maybe Oh crazy but but with who
Michael like it was clear at that well
it wasn't ever clear actually I
shouldn't say that but it was like okay
he found something new and moved on for
me whatever and when I please and then
he would never respond and then like you
know later comes back around and I'm
like and I'd be over him and then I get
back with him and it was just it was
just a nightmare and I don't know I
think I'm just unlucky in love and some
people will say all the Internet's like
hydro stop there who try and like
diagnose what's happening we'll say you
know you have man treat you like this
because you don't feel good about
yourself well the thing is it's like I
really value myself I really value like
my worth and what I do and you know I
feel like I'm I feel like I'm successful
with what I would have what I'm doing
you know everyone doesn't consider you
to by career right I considered that
obviously and doing stuff I love and
being ambitious and being able to
support myself and oh there's my friend
again over there just wanted to say hi
back over here sorry there's so many
Hills when I go this way um thanks to my
wife for going this way much more my
mom's doing closer to me which is really
really great
and I didn't break I know you guys the
bike the bikes upstairs in my house a
bike today - oh my gosh what's up babe
what's up seriously I really do think I
have like this ghost she's like thinks
he's my boyfriend
Oh oh my god I have East oh my gosh I
have a side note on that pull-on okay
real talk like
I mean if you run my first book you guys
know this I don't think you've really
talked about it on my channel I think I
should talk about on my channel though
hmm I don't know it's something it's
something that happened to me a kind of
pre YouTube social media and I guess
I've always been on YouTube my adult
life but um but anyways I'll just say I
mean it's kind of like it's not
something I should say off the cuff but
I want to say off the cuff just for
purposes of speaking this along so my
one of my first boyfriends Brian killed
himself I was I think it was 20 just
about to turn 21 he killed himself in
spring of when I was 20 like I think you
know I think it was me know I was I had
just turned 21 so June after my birthday
wow that's crazy I just had 121 he had
killed himself
and we weren't dating at the time that
he killed himself there's almost like
other video okay um but at the UM when
he did we were still talking as friends
I guess you could say he had just bought
a house he was just about to turn 50 or
maybe here no I think he was just about
to turn 50 that year and he just bought
a house and you know I don't know I was
very selfish we started I met him as a
teen and we started like hanging out I
guess when we started dating when I was
18 I don't I don't know I just wasn't my
heart wasn't fully committed to him
because I I was 18 I was new to LA and I
was meeting celebrities that I thought
did you wanted to date me even if they
just want to fuck me and I thought okay
well let me hold out for this person or
let me wait for this person are waiting
for the bigger better deal to come along
I think that's an age thing I kind of
always held like myself responsible for
that I always felt bad and my own heart
and there anyone just like therapist
psychiatrist unlikely that is not your
fault that of what eighteen year olds do
because I would always feel guilt for
like thinking I can find some
better when in reality I just wasn't in
love I was in love with him I loved him
that I wasn't in love with random won't
that make sense anyways so pointed a
surah he is sometimes I feel like brian
is like with me I don't I know that
sounds weird especially because we
weren't like in love it wasn't like I
don't know because he was like one of
the first people I met out here in LA I
just always kind of feel like he's with
me like and when I say the first person
I'm out here like literally one of the
first people I met but also the first
like genuine person that like cared
about me like I know he cared about me
he did not have an agenda and and maybe
I did have an agenda because I met him
this is a whole story I met him through
okay he was a personal assistant to a
rock star I think I talked about it if a
book yeah it doesn't matter whatever he
wasn't a personal assistant to a rock
star I friended that rock star on
MySpace and he was one of accepted
friend requests he was his assistant and
he saw my picture cuz I one of those
like long pictures and um and he
accepted me and then start talking to me
mm I got a message from the rock star I
was like oh like what and then it was
him
and um do I go tell this way I like to I
do oh sorry
um so I don't know it was a beautiful
board issue right now anyways we start
talking and I think maybe I used him to
meet the rock star which I ended up I
did end up meeting having said that I
wasn't like that big of a fan of this
particular person I kind of was just no
I think I was randomly adding a
celebrity's back then because if you
guys don't know the person asked me
opportunity to pull in quotes a library
for full house if doctor on before to
the matter wherever I met him off
MySpace and it was just by me
frightening hands to thing you know if I
could meet him and I actually Matt a lot
of like my celebrities before I started
like escorting and stripping
through MySpace so I wasn't like that
far-fetched you'd like that you could
make friends like that even to this day
I mean I don't want to like Tiffany went
off any stalkers out there but like you
know if you want a mainstream celebrity
a lot of them are very active on social
media I'm just saying
um so anyways especially being like I
was 18 I was wearing like slutty little
clothes and I'd like a little body and
like I don't know anyways so um so yeah
maybe I was using him anyways I don't
even know this is like a whole story
onto itself think I could just go
through there I relación really
should've ever had but um but sometimes
I feel like he's with me and sometimes I
feel like in a good way but also you
know like as sometimes I feel like a
little bit of guilt and I don't know I
just generated that family I don't
really know what that feeling would even
be because it's not I don't know guys
sometimes I just feel like I've always
had this like I feel there's ghosts in
my house that's one thing but sometimes
I just feel like him around me like
Brian in particular like I just I feel
like I have it all his emails and
sometimes I feel like just emailing him
it's weird because we emailed a lot like
we were is someone who I don't we didn't
really text that much we definitely
didn't have a girlfriend was never
married none of that stuff like that
very odd guy I don't even know if he had
like a serious girlfriend never he never
really mentioned having a serious
girlfriend and I see out in the best way
M I didn't know he really got me and he
always got me gifts and flowers and he
was so sweet and attentive and really
nice and then I kind of like screwed him
over a little bit kind of played him in
a way but I was too young to know that I
was being a player I guess I just
thought it was okay to date multiple
people I don't know it was a weird
situation and
um yeah I don't know Brian just I steal
them sometimes it's a weird thing he's
somebody that I want to talk to like I
when something happens I feel like I
need to email him even though it's not
odd thing I don't know I'm not making
any sense I'm sure I'm sorry I'm kind of
like babbling but just lately I've been
feeling it more so I think because when
I did the van Halen hot for teacher I
mean we really think of him but I did
the remake because um he would talk
about he knew like every musicians and
rock stars and he would talk about you
know seeing Halen and David Lee Roth and
I gonna I just talk about them a lot and
I just felt a sort of like O'Brien would
be like so stoked that I was doing this
I didn't I did a video it doesn't matter
I'll skip where's the person I did a in
Alice Cooper video still on YouTube to
the song poison so you guys can kind of
see what I look like
around this time just to kind of get
this like idea of who I was I was very
Midwest very naive very skinny for those
of you who I always like to point that
out um it was one my first videos I did
up on YouTube and I posted it for him on
my myspace for Brian and he just really
loved it and he would come into my strip
club I know it sounds weird but he'd
come into my strip club and I'd always
danced boys at by Alice Cooper and that
song is just kind of like near and dear
to my heart and actually um that is like
the most obnoxious little thing ever
their hair is so we're just these
beautiful blondes that just crossed my
path and their hair is like stunning and
long and it all looks real I'm so creepy
I'm like staring at them really dude
I'm trying to talk to my peeps there's
this biker here to keep trying to race
me down this little thing motorcycles
be gone never I just kind of I blabbed
for so long I'm sorry I really wanted to
talk to you guys but I didn't feel
pretty I didn't feel like you but you
know I don't know I couldn't miss you
guys my eyes out and soap with that egg
sometimes you just really miss friens
I'm just getting that being I don't know
I just really miss friends I admit
something I feel like it was all my
friends somebody's like I didn't know
I'm gonna miss these videos because you
guys have been treating me where the
dishes live videos I'm like I never feel
like they're up to par especially car
vlogs like no one really likes car vlogs
like I always complain that was 20
minutes we're done in the car like yeah
basically
but that's when I'm like I want to talk
to him in the car the game know I talk
to myself when I'm in the car so why not
talk to you guys I guess
all right I better check snow mama I'm
not stop saying just got email from my
um vote for my landlord but also from
their not doing music videos and I can
assure you now because she's moving
tomorrow where she lives she's in
Hermosa Beach on the Strand there I just
say all right how are you live now since
your movements I've always had you okay
probably not a good idea what's the best
way to take it for $5.99 is 90th
rotating backs roads I don't how to get
there from the 4 or 5 but from the 190th
though I know it's on hot winery this
one is
yeah 50:19 but if 190th we're zap left
here
I usually go you smell amazing
thank you what did you do pink why put
some Britney on and then I put some of
the pink on idea yeah one ideas it
doesn't see an idea yeah no it
definitely left except they got theirs
every model of that place I loved was is
that work I mean oh yeas are not waiting
for these visas waiting spaces as long
as being crazy to go again I like the
point is she doing okay she compared
this oh we sure showed I'm okay you guys
should we well this won't go up this
will be delayed so you guys won't you
show up I show you before I do but okay
this is the I did have on the way over
there cuz it goes on delay yeah being
low-key filming she's just kidding
that's actually yeah I think you should
get this too and I think so
well it's the length of that couch and
it's not much it's not much width wise
if you push back watch move your legs
for a second
yeah that one's more widthwise I think
you should get a tune she can get a
recliner too which is like so
comfortable because you love oversized
things love something spaces in Torrance
is where I got my couch to look at
that's what I should take a picture of
her like that I don't think a truck or
anything huh
it's Buddha I know it's Buddha I know I
get my nails on that Vietnamese place I
know it's Buddha we've she's crazy I
take your picture
oh thanks mom that'd be your Christmas
present guys I find this bus perfume
over at CBS we are righted and it's
impression of Christian Audigier and
Hardy it's nice because now we're
supposed to be buying furniture so good
I need sprays them too so I sprayed this
on and this is better than any perfume I
have and I had like $80 good it's like a
knockoff of Christian Audigier from
white ready mom's getting her couch a
date tomorrow night not gonna like this
on the date know that much yeah okay I
ordered I'm Shane
now hopefully sometime soon cuz this air
ain't working right nobody looks like
Joe Dirt this good-looking crazy like a
cloud oh yeah for sure
no I'm getting my extensions clipped in
I'm not going on like I'm gonna have
something mom am I gonna go out on date
which I'm gonna be like hey girl no no
thank you for my new apartment tour we
had an apartment or a back room tour her
partner's gonna be so bougie Shetty like
much Oh patio to Boston to her I'm gonna
start cooking doing cooking oh my god
mom's gonna do so many videos I'm so
excited for you Nick listen I'm high
five we're missing the high five
but yeah so that's what we're doing I
mean it
