okay so Bertie was a bust and my hair
looks terrible cuz I had in a hat I have
to wash it but hey it was I haven't
changed my band-aids or my socks since
yesterday so my mom's over there filling
out her little application I showed I
take it off and guess you guys are faint
of heart you might want to look away
because these are they're gross they're
really girls Nev it wasn't mine if my
mom showed me these on her feet I'd be
like why the fuck would you show me that
like it's really girls my mom like
doesn't I don't think she cares dude
here I thought maybe you do Karen I just
show you stuff anyways I feel like I'm
too TMI with her but all right guys
ready these are the blisters I'm a feet
just to show you just show you I'm not
complaining if they actually do hurt
there's one oh my god that is a lot it's
actually so gross that's why I blister
that one hurts the worst but this is the
other one MADD Buffalo don't worry so
you can see and this is a blister
they're so raw and I hear it's so bad
and when I go put me beyond aids on them
but yeah
we're just chilling cuz I'm waiting for
my massage chair to come and a much to
show you guys I know something though
cuz they give you for Earth frame huh
gosh we kept in a lot because early this
morning I was sick last night oh so much
happening to my mom she wears me out
this woman
so anyways no you can stay forever I'm
doing nothing except waiting for a chair
oh maybe that'd be later
are you blocked and my - I've been
vlogging shy stop in a good blogger I'll
teach you you should go to Tori on it I
will show you what you by my window but
she looks really pretty over there she
looks very cute and I love the pen she's
using the princess pen so cute
my mom always finds the key twins huh no
I love it
no but that's so I love that you're
using it so cute my mom's just adorable
yeah she that's so cute over there I
love her mom scared me because should
appeal might make our face raw
peel but it might be like a chemical
where your face is all red like I don't
know we'll see
we should blog the before and after for
your channel on that - what do you paint
what my mom's oh yeah because that's
what this camera makes them even bigger
so random so that's over today I'm the
big excitement the big reveal will be
the chair today is about all I'm doing
oh god we just my eyelid Oh
big review actually I just touched my
feet that's probably not good around my
eyes so I'm gonna go wash my handsome
see you soon
