all right guys we're doing movie day
Tuesday oh my god this is just morning
my blisters popped there was blood
coming out the period came blood coming
out we'll go at 3:00 a.m. just crazy
about them yeah I know I was gonna go
bathroom I was just whatever so we're
talking a new movie theater it's brand
new doesn't even look like it's open but
apparently it is this house a little
nervous oh my god I love it open but
yeah mom living it up we don't know what
else we're gonna do maybe get tampons at
okay let me know where Tyler sit down
Thursday we're having a party as she put
it we're getting a facial party we're
having your face reveals our lips done I
told my mom she's like a masochist at
this point that's not it is masochist
that's all oh I think it masochist is
like because I'm like a status right
like someone who enjoys pain because my
mom's getting lip and she's I get hurt
last time it makes me feel like it's
gonna hurt now I'm like I feel like it
never did before but I'm getting my pain
tolerance up so I should surgery go to
your video shoots oh my god I know I'm
doing music videos that weekend from her
mom sergej knows I'm so sad you're gonna
come out or he'll be there I was like
well you're gonna be in pain I know I
know I mean my mom is pretty good with
pain but then she said lip injections
hurt so I'm like mean questioning what
is it in here you think yes I do yes
right there I didn't go that way as an
opening scene yet this is me feels like
it's open like that's why I was like are
you sure there's movie times here I mean
I looked up a movie time so I was saying
it to myself oh this looks like a
parking structure oh good enter here is
that the theater no their parking cinema
no I think that was it I don't know who
knows sorry this is a new theater y'all
very excited now we look like sketch
that's why I don't wanna like oh I'm
this wasn't carwash either but that's
okay Oh
yeah that's true I don't know I'm going
back out is it I don't know
mmm I must go right up to the cinema
they must have cuz that's the only thing
open elevate you called it a cinema what
is it
movie theatre the theatre I don't know I
never used to say let's go to the
cinemas she sounds Fuji it looks like
I'm going to Disneyland going up these
things whoa
incline Oh Oh perhaps see this must be
this you know what say yes okay Oh see
guess is good I need tampons I might
almost perfect
there was valet this way but I don't
know what that really means maybe we
have to go up for the cinema you see
maybe oh this is the top level no Leslie
goes up again but that looks scary oh
they drive off of it um what do you
think we should do go where did the
valet go home I don't think this would
be open at the wine and so must be a
ballad scary I know you only see it it's
like wires
but it should say to cinema at least
well three hi the angles of this is not
where it's at least I know like Oh
theater parking weird where's the
theater no that way you think oh we
could go that way there's some over
there I mean no one like here I don't
think anyone knows this is open because
I didn't it doesn't look like it's open
it's like all under construction stone
the outside tickets I see it where does
he take over here so it could work
somewhere the adventure is a total cost
I didn't the Dania mcdu I was like I
love this idea mcdu all of you and me in
our blog you know guys think of a name
what would be our superhero Peter pepper
hot dogs okay wait this is so weird
oh you can go through that way Oh
barking let's procure them though clean
oh darn well there's a million other
partners bought some
why are y'all compact apart this one cuz
now look apart next to it oh that's
clean here to it what the fuck yeah I
don't think there's gonna be a lot of
people here yeah I'll turn around to
park somewhere over there
good night is he like we're parking in
lawnmower I'm just got a butcher on my
feet which makes mean oh I can't Clank
oh she good I can't think I can't stand
ugly can't sing gonna get the period
yeah yeah I know I think I had to pee
but I should have done it before
Tara's here why I'm hardly in the
fifties you can't remember the 50s it
was a success
okay anything I can't remember yesterday
so I have video so I said most of all
time okay
I love it so we are brewing ink I mean I
got real point to hell back yeah we're
so much amazing well maybe we are got my
my hope switcher Oh alive that's alive
that's right
some we're gonna go see Cinderella do we
tell him we're gonna see Cinderella
daydream is already is it all for no she
does not need this person I know I don't
I am wondering my lights on I know we're
walking away okay that's on now
I know we were walking away my car was
blonde is it a big Hello Kitty phone
case and we're ready to go
girls day again we just made it inside
it's so nice and new my mom said you
pick up the food like in cafeteria style
I would to the bathroom trying to help
but isn't she at nachos
Butterfinger by its hot dog dreams she
has a large top line that's really cool
in here it's really um it's all great
news all clean owns you get in here
exactly they know it's open but this is
it haven't even appointed I would just
so you don't think this is like my
little point about yeah I'm so excited
to see Cinderella I mean like what he
hasn't saeki mao and it's been out
ground for a couple weeks so okay like
like behind but yeah she's asked if we
wanted a lot about her mic down
she told me my first Tim I'm looking at
first thing that's okay I got it
I'm sorry what I know as I told them I
was like is in the bathroom I was
getting all the food I know I'm like
starving I need a E but anyways just
that's what we're doing and we will see
what you got okay so I said we're gonna
see our movie but inside it's so clean
we don't think anyone's got any hair how
to show you guys
small holes you know it's like cool
these are Kings you can wipe them down
although and they said it the dirtiest
one I think we sent the dirty ones you
want to get over one it's only nice and
clean in here is something I helped my
mom move on over but that is she guys
the computer I want a glass slipper
Cinderella okay yeah oh my god I'm like
actually they're these cars exploding I
never took it through and I feel like
the sensors are going sensory overload
okay I was gonna walk because it wasn't
something rounds off again literally
going off it's so annoying
alright I'll tell you why
me nervous giving me anxiety
we'll say a car wash if we make it
through so okay we made it through the
car wash barely but so we saw Cinderella
and my mom actually like Jenny don't
think she'd sing like that movie that's
why I wasn't at home now does she
the big question pie be did your mom
talk this time I'm gonna movie as much
oh wait there's like us in the whole
theater okay well is that other people
ever worried about you bothering them no
I know this why nobody might want to
talk to us I was like well no one's in
it's fine I know talk to but it was one
of those movies where you could talk
cause he knew it was gonna happen you
know the story of it's like okay I was
only gonna need to pay attention that
much but I had to go to the bathroom so
bad cuz I ain't all that almost food and
I went right through me
bless you or coming in and it was so sad
I was like oh I already know this -
she's beautiful belle of the ball
ten minutes worth or is Tricia I know I
had to really go and I try and hold X I
knew she was coming in because we saw
the sisters like oh and it gonna hold it
anymore that's what we learned today
yes
but is a movie that my mom texted a
caesarian shake it was beautiful I was
like oh my memory is exact I know and it
was magical it was magical and so now
we're gonna like have more apartments
and they should look at your own
relationship differently I know we were
so sad again in the real world again I
was like oh I'm so magical then you get
in the real world it's like construction
and you know search high and low for you
do not marry anyone else what I need to
looked I know so yeah but anyway so
they're always good I would definitely
recommend seeing it if you haven't
already yonder we'll see you in the next
event check if I don't know what that's
gonna be but I'm sure it'll be something
exciting I thought I'm gonna tell you
something probably in Louie's you're
like that's a video it's not that one no
what the other one who told me all about
Elvis and the only one in the theatre
that you're in it out no we're on our
way in and that we're like oh that's
something I can't remember if I'm not
various to help yourself oh well we'll
see as in the next thing we do
