as a SATA Jason we're finally going to
see Fifty Shades of Grey tonight now
we're going to get sushi but we're
waiting for the valet
you look so yeah look here buddy
you know why I'm so sorry because it was
Justin's idea to be like hey it's a time
like I wanna see this movie I wanna see
to move it I wasn't bring it up in bad
room and he's like you want to go see
but youyou said what time to sit you
Shane saying it's like oh like you wanna
see them I'll see with you I know you're
so sweet now we're making out of it I
think either we're getting something out
of it
couple of good last yeah you're gonna
like it cuz Jason actually likes
watching stuff like The Bachelor and
stuff like that so I think he's gonna
actually enjoy this cause it's like
cheesy it's not like I mean I think it's
like sexy and hot but I feel like you'll
find it funny I think most people find
it funny actually I don't know what
happens with this one I feel like they
get romantic and the first one he's like
him beat the shit out of her I feel like
this one they like how babies and get
married like that yeah I think this
one's like a cute one I don't think it's
so abusive ready I just can't get over
I'm like just f you guys I'm like went
pull on out D and I have fishnets they
have foods I have like full Fifty Shades
of Grey outfit
Sookie ain't no well we're running late
well we're not running late actually
Jason thought we'd be have plenty of
time to do sushi so see that this is
more expensive the Nobu right how much
you're definitely do
more exploiting my hanging out I'm sorry
I know I'm sorry that's right nothing
very much behind
oh no the phones out I wanted to keep
picture by the fountain I was so
determined we had a picture we were just
here a couple days ago this is like a
movie in one week very exciting Black
Panthers excellent I think there was so
good we haven't done like a cute one
like this in like a minute
alright we never did like a cute day
night it's like an actual real life
thing yeah this is this is an actual
date show this place okay we rip in
Simon's like hey hold out like I don't
why this rescue its cuddly moon I don't
know this keeps writing up for my blood
job so I feel like it doesn't don't know
what's happening it's covered now I'm
fine so excited I think I guess we just
came out of fifty shades darker or cuz
she's free I don't know it's the last
one we saw it was so good
Daichi since Tina oh wait through it his
reactions were so good he was so he is
such a good sport to sit to the movie
with me and he was as commentary cracks
me up
see what you have to say about I loved
it it was really really good it was
really always sweet he disguised it as
porn for women because in in regular
porn like he was saying like for guys
it's a bunch of people fucking like
different people of different girls this
is like the same fucking old oh and you
look so skinny
here you give gee nice how'd you like
the movie yeah oh we were we could do a
full yeah do me urge Ebert and Roeper
wide this is called I ever done a big
bother it's dead I think no no they
would have died look at this lighting to
smear his lighting is good
like we have no wrinkles how'd you let's
talk about it that where there's no seat
is there one seater too
oh good
heaven on the side of young my god I
cannot believe what we just did
oh my god any other movies before so
what'd you think
so were you able to follow it first of
all I was able to Popovich you knew
what's going on he was he was into the
commentary every if there is no there
was so much commentary coming from the
peanut gallery over here throughout the
whole movie everything today oh no he
didn't
it was it was a lot of lady porn I was
weak ask her to explain that stand in
the blog would you do that I was
explaining why your brother he sounds
like porn for girls because because it's
like it's it's big sorry it's one in a
regular board it's a lot of different
fucking sex in this it's just one couple
and then the way they set it up where
it's like she's different now
oh I got a promotion because I'm married
to Christian
like remember trove never oh this is a
good team remember when the house the
housemaid was like oh she's like what do
you want for dinner do you think it's
your kitchen you're mrs. gray thank you
me like a bomb-ass steak and everything
it get out because she did it her way
your commentary react because the whole
funny actually and then in the hospital
bed when when she survives the attack
and I kept thinking well it's logical
now that this would just start having
sex in the hospital
I was actually so crazed like the
high-speed chase that was weird this was
weirder because like the sex on the
first one we made sounds sexist but we
really didn't but I loved it it's our
relationship before them in the shower
as a that looks like that's right now
yeah he knew all the characters names I
was like I never knew Jamie Dornan but I
know now I like them
how's his name I thought he was good I
mean because I think it's hard to and on
top of all we have he's a mogul he's
handsome he's gonna please is this more
this idea that a man would want to have
sex eight times I said that like a
common bee I told you what's before it's
so ridiculous I feel like it's just
anything
no no one not even a woman would want to
have sex
Island there's no one like you for sure
oh except for her except for what's her
name is Anastasia I thought she was
gonna like
I don't like bailing mattress oh you
don't like her no I don't like either
one of them as the characters they loved
the books and when I saw the first movie
I was still like annoyed so over it
Charlie Hunnam would have been better as
Christian Grey oh my god he would have
been so hot and Anasazi steel would've
been better like Emma Watson I know I
like these two people I thought they
were good and then and then after all he
has he sits down at the frickin piano
baby I'm amazed he's like amazing it's
pretty good do you like it was your
overall baby
well like I always say when I go see
movies
it's you know it depends on your with
like I've seen some really bad kids
movies but I've had a great time with my
kids so you're liking it so I enjoyed it
or for example and once saw this movie
called you got mail would you see that
way with my mom and and I remember it
was when I used to do that stand up and
I was sitting with all the comics no I
was like way to do it I was like you got
mail
that's awful movies and I and I was like
I was like oh it's good and they're like
and they were you know teasing me my mom
had such a good time it was you - I
think so yeah anyways what you see this
movie with your mother didn't she would
like to know how my big does see this
movie really yeah she probably liked it
she likes anything that romantic yeah
she likes her except she would probably
really like it I'm so romantic this
movie was so romantic I feel like this
was so much more money than the first
one and I feel like good there was no
really like beating except for like me
well the first one had more beatings in
it violence in action yeah yeah could
use a little more action I had a little
more slaps I liked them that was odd the
buttplugs scene was odd what's happening
right now it's like she's having
flashbacks we go what do you mean
important for the whole point is that
she has a dinner so you put the buckle
again yeah and that you were to work
yeah but then the cops came when she had
nothing to do with anything
she's getting vital information about
the whole time when he had the 20 he
brought it out to like torture her and I
was like this good promo for like a
Tiffany's sponsorship like I was
thinking of all I could think about the
whole time cuz I have all those and she
was teasing and he was teasing her and
she's like stop it she was you used it
against me I was like oh yeah yeah there
was scene where he got back at her she
didn't listen a bossy little prick that
Christian Grey so he's like why did you
listen to me she's like why did you
define me
yes I love it I can't wait to Broadway
we said the best promo
I said Twitter she's the best promo for
that movie if they ever made another one
was that we go to the theater and then
get arrested for an edition decent
exposure there's a mug shot of the two
of us and then and what we say is the
movie was so hot we arrested it for and
will you never do anything where you
never know with you literally I give
them kiss on the cheek anything you
don't want to get oh we might get
arrested for it no I literally always
say that everywhere we go although we're
at Haunted Mansion this lesson people
guys we have stopped the right people
got kicked off fur
is that what for anything expose really
what do you not just kicked off they got
they got thrown apart oh really I feel
that Rogers scared he was there playing
the Messiah yeah did you see though what
they like I didn't read it
no they you know what and that was a
good question I thought the same thing I
wanted it was an attractive couple but I
guess sir Lauren yeah that's true Annie
that's true yeah I mean I like that I
had a good time I was glad I went it
wasn't as good as Black Panther what it
wasn't as good as my there's not even
like man thought I'd see vichy change
before I'd see Batman Black Panthers was
so good like I'm not even into
superheroes you decide you like whoever
you see it with and you just liked it
because you're worth their heads if I
understand I don't know Black Panther is
actually really really good
it's really impressive cuz it has the
whole it has the whole underlying story
of like black culture and people in
America underlying yeah panty panty
lining story I have so many problems
where they have to can't decided they
can cook dinner they have made cooked
dinner for them and the dungeon the Red
Room oh there was a line that was so
good don't use the Red Room well is it
oh yeah don't use the Red Room is where
they yeah yeah that's what I was saying
I can remember the exact line but they
have this room it's called the Red Room
that's a huge part in the first movie is
the red football yeah ii like that
anyways it's it's it's a room he has of
all kinds of
fun toys and it's really ridiculous the
amount of toys this guy has and he has
about organizing or like this idea that
like I just I don't know I think I think
I think the same way like porn is bad
for men but it's true you expect like a
helicopter ride for a date we just like
what I got for Valentine's Day
that's why I said you really Christian
great no no don't have to ride but just
like yeah tips like sex like over and
over again that is what people do you
just don't cuz you're like a dad and
stuff people do that it's not like that
common no they don't
there's no married couple
it has a Red Room we were in our new
house me five bedrooms
we'll see oh I don't see that was soaked
with this such I don't know if he
covered the surgery but she said she is
edate she's so happy you know wishes us
dinner and a movie I am easy to please
just be nice and don't have sex with 15
other people use me that's it take me
out once a while this is the best date
ever
at least but I just felt like a regular
person I had fun I'm glad you liked it I
enjoyed the movie oh we don't really go
film after like all his friends are like
in Vegas so like he wasn't getting text
messages like we just want to cute
dinner
no he hasn't so she watch TV which they
are favorite thing to do
I need something right some sort of
comedy after that that was so dry it was
so serious it was so much drama it's
actually fighting if you think about it
like there wasn't much of a story in
line like even like the 15 girl go to
that Oh were they that yacht
one day okay okay
I'm just saying I was at the team
there's a really sexual movie I thought
15 and you are from dusk till dawn yeah
did you see that with fun Tino Rodriguez
there was a super sexual one where she
like he would like Quentin's character
was like kind of a creeper and he like
would fantasize about her like saying
stuff to him and she would be like
Richie please eat my pussy like it was
super sexual and I would like watch over
and over because I was just like I was
it's how you like talk to guys you know
choose like 15 in the movie a room and
eat beer when she is like quit or like
his thumb in her Rafi so watch that
scene over and over and I was just like
a little bit so affectionate I would get
like I would like squeeze my thighs
together so I didn't know it was
happening cuz I was like 12 but I was
like squeeze my thighs together why I'm
talking about my own body I'm just
saying because you don't know there's a
girl you didn't know what it was he had
to like squeeze you I was really tight
together and you're just like and he can
feel pulsating I saw some show called
Benny Hill
Nana lot of girls with big boobs on it
here wasn't Benny no was an English show
well what would happen did you get a
phone around what happened it's the
honest show it was like a guy that
looked like he would just run around and
like he it was just so odd you don't
remember he used to like used to like
chase people there I thought be all
these chase scenes me like did it I
could pick a bigger ticket no I never
even heard of him which is weird and you
say like since before your time but
nobody nobody usually nothing's what
happened what how old are you I was like
ten but it was like he was like a
show-off in like the 60s I had on in
reruns or 70s we really got turned on by
a big goose yeah it would be the kind of
thing or like he'd be like being chased
by the cops and then he would like knock
over like a like a public urinal and
then inside would be like a woman like
covering her body and I turned you on I
mean I guess it kind of some kind of
questions but really at time what do you
think it's like for like so there's two
actors Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson
like what do you think it's like for
them like oh they talked about it
they've done three movies together over
there they have to like touch each other
he's like mean to her he's thinking
about it he's like oh she's so awkward
in those scenes so if you're the kind of
an asshole he's married and she's not
anything oh she talked word in those
scenes and it's not hot it's not
attractive yeah I was I get a like
disguising character you really told her
it's she but she didn't remember when
remember when she told her you would go
to New York and she was supposed to go
right home oh and she went for drinks
with her fluke she went for drinks with
her friend yeah and you're like oh no
he's told her to go right mm-hmm you
don't do that you don't disobey
Christian Grey
she didn't listen could you imagine if I
could fight someone like that like what
like Christian Grey if I did yeah if you
did don't know about what nothing
I look like have you ever seen moving
royalty and alums yeah I don't think
when I saw her on that movie was my like
smiling there's like running you had
that coat on I love that movie do you I
love all his movies these movies are so
good you're not in the shot babe I know
no one wants to see me we need a good
thumbnail but not here I have a sexy
like fishing outfit on and I'm like cool
we could have a really good about me L
felt like it's it won't work here I want
to lick some nail for it
it's OG shades of gray oh okay what are
you gonna do well nothing like crazy I'm
now I'm the saying like kids or anything
like sexual affair not that it's gonna
be sexual ominous name sexy okay sounds
good really
changing things up around here ain't
none of those chairs beautiful to hold
that no well you're not wrong anything
minutes and then can I go well I found
my right knee here right yeah
Anthony and tell you about the epilogue
about this do you see how it's like
where should thumbnail be should you
hold there you look at my shop I go over
there and all I'm like hey wait
yeah maybe like my old Jamie Dornan mine
you get thumbnail this is like we can't
be fifty shades of gray because your
back
what like no your butt out no okay cuz
it looks like it's out in the mirror
okay ready okay okay I'll just do like
it now why you can we never be cute in a
photo size I'm being cute no I need it
down a little more can you like a rabbit
angle it down yeah yeah oh we had a nice
night okay we got a really nice name
things we did a something on here I
might leave some of that in there
because literally over during the
somebody all Jason's like how like the
unsexiest way to make an enemy huh you
wanted me to look I like Kristen Jamie
Dornan and and I'm a butcher my knee out
I'm here I'm here we will see you you
hate when I get close I like it we will
see you in the next video mm-hmm in the
next video and subscribe a room is that
what you're me no no he's going home so
it's fine okay no it's fine okay anyways
good eye and until next time here I get
some knowledge is good do this
Hey did you like it she's great final
thoughts yeah it was good I enjoyed it I
enjoyed you and no I'm not even kidding
not even beings actor he's like do you
think we were gonna make the local news
like maybe I don't know total mystery
about the bagels I guess 30 minutes I
love the story
Jason such a jab but when he's on his
side of the hill he has a different
bagel place and that's basically was a
story and then also hearing it back I
don't know how you said well it's part
of the story that realized who's talking
about the story it's like I don't know
it's like funny in the moment maybe it's
not even that funny we just think it's
funny but then you said he was banned
from a bagel place because he talked
about how rude they were in a blog and
then they laughed at him when he went in
and then he laughed immediately and now
he just sent his kids in there to get
the bagels yeah I make them go in and
get them it's a very it's a struggle of
bagels even even we went to Disney I
remember you're like we post me to
bangles but they never showed up so we
can go get bagels here I'm like gosh you
guys really love bagels if they only
four things bagels and chicken fingers
and and french fries can beat that good
pizza
poor things yeah but we had a good time
tonight and Tricia's a lot of fun and
I'm so tired okay I'll watch local news
and now we're gonna watch Jimmy Kimmel
we're gonna watch the local news and
then we're gonna watch Jimmy Kimmel it's
gonna be so good yay a new vlog by Yosi
way what did you say
