it is what time is it mom I'm nerdy
Newport but now you love it mom
you embed your just like okay I got me
pretty tomorrow maybe PD and there you
are
wait it's a student and I kind of been
on it is what is it by 30 by 30 night
well we made really good time before do
you guys for your on our way to more
right now Newark New Jersey I was like
never thought I'd be I'm gonna what do
you say the gate to Newark right across
where I work
how is he gonna get him they'd have to
put the flight and see you they really
wanna and not for long I'm putting out
into the universe that you won't work in
there for long and light not for long
oh sorry buddy finger please um so by
the way well you can't see my full
optics I have a bring it to your shirt
covering my sports crowd but I have this
this outfit inspired by rap when I get
to New York and then we have my coat
what does your often inspired by you
know parks watch other youtubers the
leggings are today American hair um
those ones I always wear the American
Apparel we have to do a full OTD for you
yeah they're no worth got him for $15 Oh
what was that cyber afraid here with the
Cyber Monday or whatever well American
Apparel 2 is also going out of business
so they're like selling all their stuff
could you tell families the opportunity
right to buy those they were like $50 so
she's gonna buy now should we have two
big good
given the Granby crime but we were
staying company sometimes file for
bankruptcy but still go like Betsey
Johnson people do that too I have
pressed Alton talked about on his
podcast he files for bankruptcy when he
has like a big-ass house many file no I
get I know I to start playing with
actually that surprised because I don't
know what that means or what that does
is different kinds of bankruptcy that's
why
let's wipe some of their debt away cuz
people who are rich always felt
bankruptcy like Donald Trump filed the
bankruptcy like yeah like takes away
something and they started fresh yeah
we're so like with their business or
something
well that makes sense but we haven't
been to New York sets Tyra well mom has
a mission ever since Tyra we haven't
been there together I feel like I don't
know sometimes I don't know mama like
New York I think yeah I'm never there
Christmas oh she's never there Christmas
she's never seen a Broadway show she's
never seen the tree at Rockefeller we
have you seen the tree there's in the
trip article a center
garbage and we were just in and out
we'll really get a day so also I haven't
told them what we're doing tomorrow is
the big day so you'll see there's a very
specific reason why we're traveling
across country to New York it's not just
because we want to go on vacation to New
York and my mom I convinced to come see
my mom though I couldn't mom you wanna
go I wasn't leave she's like okay what's
good I know but you would go anywhere
with me my mom's my ride-or-die right
there I invited my sister to so before
anyone's like why don't check it by him
I know my sister but she has her own
plans this weekend I guess so
there was a attitude that she's take
Factory vlog from the other day and you
go oh oh really
yeah thank you feedback free blog I was
logging in you're like what is this a
never ending vlog I'm like oh because it
can't blog very long with my mother yeah
you said that but we're just sitting
here now hopefully I brought my charger
for this camera hopefully feeding us on
the plane my mom thinks is disturbing us
breakfast I don't think they will play I
don't eat um sure because that the
people that go over there for a special
oh I'm gonna be defense first what it's
a given yeah it's a long flight I may be
there Saturday or a Heineken yeah or not
even remember that girl I know I talked
to other quite a chance like oh that
girl is just getting to see the flight
attendant way cuz we asked her because
she said she says they have all that
stuff there they just don't have
Charmaine Heineken with her first class
so whoever you were in Vegas she got
fingers shaking
get a different job
I like three people I think it might be
a yeah muscles look them
oh really you love that pump this is a
pretty shot look
you're like kale he always is this piece
Cheers
huh
yeah see my recognized
kjersti let's do this cheers again Sam
because yes you do
good job mom if we were having your
Aquaman theme party
the legroom and let my fashion all the
boots he's been amazing with you are
plus-sized pop the cat's fashionable
means
you guys will see my philosophy I'm
gonna do it what I warned in our video
in the same channel but I have a cooler
outfit than just design I put this on
for modesty
because I have a lot
laughter my hair is funny either the
nataliemarie extensions that full glam
by Absolut
so I see that because I never get meals
or anything for stuff
but
Cheers
oh that was it you have to go I can stop
and eat
great this is the
New Jersey was part of
slap
it's crazy money upon my face look up I
look oily but we made everybody
internationally reference we tested the
gate please keep your seatbelts fastened
when the sepal centers turn off it will
be six to get up
seeds again people on dates before the
please here and use caution open alarms
about things move around inside her and
lightly you can fall unexpectedly the
departments are open if your mobile
phone is within reach fielding a phone
call them everyone here versus there to
last year to visit you guys Newark New
Jersey my mom's got sweater on I'm
surprised you're always cold she has a
sweater I got my jacket
the bags for us wasn't meant to go sweet
so I were waiting for our car so excited
still light out we thought maybe it'd be
dark clothes driver I throw at our hotel
but huh no it's not cold Oh it's
December I thought it might be like
cruising temperatures so far so good
that what make us I got layers on
we'll check in
huh I'm in LA I thought just view is
amazing
so it's pretty big for a New York oh my
god this is so pretty yes oh my god so
cool Wow Wow look you can see the
skyline that way you see the Hudson
River this way oh how cute this oh my
gosh like these must be like loft
apartments these are I mean yeah I would
love o my people could see you take a
shower I kinda like it
this is amazing oh this is Wow this is
like beautiful oh my god they're still
oh okay so it's New York and December
but look how pretty this is so much like
friends right now
all right what is that
Oh are you cold
huh when I get away from dorm banner
do you know how lucky he'll be that
you're online with the feline Babson
well as a fall over from your first meal
of bread
I got a vanishing act cocktail my mom
got a Prosecco over there like what I'm
gonna get on in the trip video so if you
guys ever see that I'm gonna be
channeled wet this is a cute little
restaurant inside of our hotel
with you up early film videos and also
we have our big event
I'm logging
because my sports bra was a little too
much for this LA growing on New York a
little bit like basically a East Coast
but just filming our first bite of this
what do you like better the burger or
the pasta
work is really juicy I took a bite those
are really good Christine really good
food I was surprised the kind of talk is
part of our hotel and we didn't know if
we would like love the food we're just
really hungry and our feet were hurting
we're hungry this is really good this
very spicy I mean they're both really
bad I don't know I like spicy a burger
is great that burger is great too is
drink is good shoe this was a great
addition called the grill
really good
I know it was so not me and mom we go to
Cheesecake Factory
no but this is really cute really sweet
what is this what's in here Oh cake is
here brownie
I got brownie for dessert yeah so we
didn't get dessert at the restaurant so
we decided to come up and have a little
bit of room service and a broom in a row
in our socks nice and warm we got a warm
brownie with an ice cream girl huh I got
makeup on
it's our gorgeous of you so why not have
dessert with a view of the Hudson River
in our bag cozy about to play Wheel of
Fortune
I'm also editing a video watching the
fairies go up and down Staten Island I
know it's so beautiful so we are about
to end our day one of our vlogmas day
knowing or something
but New York day one hope you guys enjoy
tomorrow is the day the reason we came
here has tomorrow so you will find out
why why I came cross country and brought
my mom with me because it's weird what
the thing I want to do I feel like no
one else wanna come with me
in fact I know no one else would on come
with me but my mom she's always game
aren't your mom she over there looking
at pictures of ourselves we took really
cute silhouette pictures you on Twitter
well right to watch wheel of fortune I'm
the best at it now we're gonna go to
sleep oh sweet to have early up to film
before we leave and then our big day is
tomorrow so you guys if this isn't the
dream right here I got my mommy I got
our robes our matching row there's my
mommy sub PD we got wheel fortune New
York City cake editing you guys Twitter
ah it's honestly been like one of my
favorite days ever I'm so happy
mommy uh fun yes mom I got money worth
me
it's gorgeous there's a full hotel room
tour my patrons gonna have a full naked
hotel room tour awesome taking you naked
showers and naked baths in Q&A so if you
guys wanna check that out be on patreon
also naked photos getting work done and
then tomorrow as a fun day so I love you
guys I'm gonna get in bed finish up this
brownie edit this vlog play my mom and
some wheel of fortune do you know what
I'm gonna find out figure out
Oh
singing nightingales whatever oh my god
did you know what were you gonna get no
all right guys I'm gonna take a night
cuz I want to edit you guys cuz I don't
wanna miss a blog miss I met some of you
guys out here in yoga ready so if you
see me say hi I'm probably gonna be
wearing crazy outfits that's just what I
do when I travel I love you guys so much
yes I'm gonna be sleeping my hair makeup
because it's big day tomorrow that's why
I got the glam I'm crazy I know my mom's
like aren't you to be uncomfortable
sleeping I'm like mom Beauty man beauty
for the picture so I'm gonna wear one
more day you might pull you saw this
glam but all of the guys I'll see you
soon until next time here kiss he's
