Wow I know I should getting free free
I'm like Dora the Explorer in my
hollywood-like
okay oh we just got our nails done and
Red Bull my mom can have Red Bull two
weeks before surgery but tomorrow is too
easy for her look at her baby one
compared to my big one oh I should have
gotten a big one cuz I feel like a
trapeze
we've been peeing everywhere likely for
pit stops but we're walking back home um
just kind of chillin what we're talking
about I was gonna say something oh we
got blisters on my feet you got the
band-aids on those how you metal me if I
go I don't want to talk about the table
um maybe not I'm walking for breast
cancer baby boy come on
Oh baby my breast cancer cuz I can't
find any walk Bernard Jemma Walker my
own breast cancer thankful huh walking
but I my own walk oh wait needed a
dollar I was walking help people help
Breast Cancer Foundation's I kind of
that help it's donations Oh like they
have to like get donations I walk in and
I do it like if you walk in tomorrow
what did you get the donations I decide
not to walk really you did not do the
money then watch people out here in LA
cuz that's like what if I just scan
uh-huh
okay we would never dude no no not me
I'm just saying in general like what are
something with all the money and then
they're like don't even walk there was
something on the news so some lady said
she had cancer and she asked for
donations she's got like fifty thousand
dollars and if I don't have it
oh all the money back it's gonna rest in
it oh yeah this is what like when you
first said that you just did someone
started a page with your picture on it
and I was like oh my God my mom and I
have a GoFundMe like but then it's like
I didn't know if they were like
collecting to donate you that's what the
kind of cuz they ever got money - well
it was taken down but then they had
emailed me and they're like oh we were
raising money and then we're gonna give
it to your mom I was like um
that's what I'd say on Twitter
well yeah that's why I'm telling you
guys that's why we've never asked and
will never start a page for it so it's
like you watch the videos go watch my
mom's videos and that's all we ask is
just to watch our videos
okay I appreciate the prayers too but oh
you mean mommy should get vegetable lots
and lots
um yes so positive shot my mom's videos
lately I've been so excited Oh how's it
a thought so thank you tell me positive
iPod fats so I only happen I told my mom
I'm just think though next because we
got our nails on
but next time get our nails on you might
be cancer-free let me fitting some is it
really does I look at conquering that's
gonna be you mom that's what you look
like in ten perfect just kidding
so Louise Bryant in you on Gameboy oh
man I already look like a man and a boy
with my hair like this so what you gonna
do when they come free cheer it's the
Red Bull are you calling because well I
don't know
the grocery store oh my mom's fishing my
pot running look how pretty oh yeah this
is a pretty picture it's so bright and
you're so bright in it you may get your
picture oh you knew Bruno Mars Belle Oh
like a music video okay this is what I
got bananas and Cheerios
I got Mick cafe cookies I got shit
oh yeah I'm excited about that I'm a mom
can you eat a little baby food is that
okay okay looks like a little
choreographed thing we're doing here oh
yes you know popcorn
I literally destroy I throw something
that look cute I feel this is like I
haven't had forever frozen to varied or
not so much I can do your dance
Allah else we've been down have been
busy today
okay you do the science against myself
so please
now she's embarrassed she's ruining all
over they go go down the aisle yeah
what's in your life don't believe me
just watch don't believe me just watch
dissing and then got up through the
dance I'm done hey do you have your
camera no give me it hey guys it's um
537 in the morning I've been up since
before I am and I got this like my I was
like sweating and like I kept trying to
go the bath and I felt like I feel like
I kinda had a puke I'm gonna get a pee
like I just it is always felt like I had
to be up doing something that's it oh my
god I didn't upload a video today and
then my stinking Imam and thinking about
um career choices in my life like I got
offered this awesome job where I would
have to move cross-country it still do
you too of course but it would be
another cool job but then it's like I
started getting anxiety about a
conversion as I felt like that of course
it such a great opportunity but then I
woke up thing and like thinking all
these thoughts like oh my god what if I
move and then my family needs me here
something happens to one my family here
like or what if I move my mom still
needs me after her surgery or what if I
would have I moved and regretted and
don't know anyone there and I start
and I like even more lonely than
depressed it's like and I started
getting all this anxiety and I've never
had it before I started treating sighs
just like I don't have anyone talk to
you about it like I just I just came on
all of a sudden like I couldn't really
sleep at all last night I was like
tossing and turning and I don't really
have problems sleeping normally so I'm
feeling it right now I just kind of as I
can't breathe or I can't catch my breath
and I just like oh my god one way
supposed to do like I just feel like my
life is I good raveling and I was like
tweeting this and just like I try and
keep it together and life slowly
sometimes unravels and sometimes it
doesn't it may be sometimes it's going
good but you just get this anxiety like
something terrible is gonna it's all
going to be terrible if you make the
wrong decisions in life and it just
start getting really bad anxiety and I
got this I had a pretty bad anxiety like
this before when I drove my mom to her
surgery appointment in January like for
her plastic surgery and I remember
getting really bad exam in the car when
I just couldn't breathe and I couldn't I
couldn't think and I just was like oh my
gosh we made a wrong turn and I just
thinking this wrong turn is gonna affect
my entire day which is gonna affect my
entitled life I'm just I just had a
little bit of a anxiety attack and I
just don't really know how to deal with
it because I don't really I don't have
in that often and I don't really throw
around the word attack that often
because I don't get anxiety but when I
do it just it's like a full-blown attack
I'm just like I'm wide awake and I'm
just like thinking all these scenarios
where it's like I'm gonna make the wrong
decision and I just know it my life is
just gonna go off course it's not the
way it's supposed to be and I'm going to
be the one to ruin it because I'm making
these decisions and it's just everything
so I think what I was my career and then
I was I think about my mom and I just
think you know what if they don't get
all the cancer out what if my mom you
know you start seeing the words I don't
want to put the words out there we start
thinking the worst with that and then
there's just some unexplained
unexplained anxiety like I just feel
anxious I could just feel anxious it
feels like something where you're like
waiting for news for something like if
you're here expecting you know a job
news like if you doing in a new job or
if you're expecting
news of any sort like just like your
fucking news that should be life
changing and I'm not really expecting
that news I mean I know I got the job
and I know pretty much all the stuff had
not I'm expecting life-changing news
what that way but I feel like it I feel
like I'm just waiting I'm just like
sitting here waiting for news that's
gonna change my life but it's not coming
so I'm like but it's I think that I'm
anticipating like in the in the in sense
that like you're anticipating something
that's the anxiety I'm feeling where
it's like oh my god ones are gonna come
once the ants are gonna come one is it
coming so I don't know what I'm waiting
for the answer for what I'm anticipating
and I'll tired like my I they're saying
you should sleep more but my body is
just saying like no no no to do maybe
I'll watch some TV actually I used to do
when I was younger Russian TV it's still
dark out by the way and it's like
peaceful I can hear the ocean it's like
super peaceful but I don't know I guess
talking it out kind of makes me feel
better well treating it out even made me
feel better was kind of like therapeutic
to like get that out there and be like
am I crazy I literally was like I'll
show you every day as retreats I felt
like I was I felt like I'm crazy but I
felt better and this feels butter this
is like any talk because this was it was
like I was exploding and going crazy in
my own head it's terrible feeling yeah
so I tweeted it's 5:30 a.m. but up since
4:00 a.m. dark outside can't sleep so
much anxiety ah to hope my loss and
founds that song Arden's a song I decide
to call my Lost and Found I wish it
would go away I wish it would go away
I really experience anxiety but when I
do it's a full-blown attack like can't
breathe can't sleep can't eat I track
you all the other and that all just
under owls and eventually just break
down can anyone relate or I'm just crazy
and so many of you were like it's only
temporary Trish I get a to us so she's
out here for you you're not crazy I
promise I feel the same way I really boo
don't worry had sex and I want to keep
it in the worst the breakdown is because
everything builds up need you away right
does remember fishies are always here
with you just keep swimming
I really have horrendous I have really
around his panic attacks I see everyone
say before that more frequent ones but I
used to else any other happens all those
trust me you'll go through this like
honestly like listening to Isis is why I
love towards like instant response you
guys are there for me in this moment
I mean I love YouTube and you know at
smile vault the path on delay because
it's like I edit and I'm always behind
and but if you guys not follow me on
twitter i'm a tresor pedis when I do
meet people to talk to it because it
does help and it calmed me down but like
read read your responses on here
mayhap mentions if you will right there
so I feel much better I think that
you're just going to like watch two
years I go on my computer's and bingos I
just lay back down I don't sleep maybe
just play oh hi is life so stressful
sometimes you know like why can't life
life is easy and life is fun I mean I
was a life is easy but life is fun in
life is worth hardships and struggles
but gosh feeling like this is terrible
like does everyone feel like this does
everyone get anxiety at some point in
their life I feel like everyone does
yes I'm probably more severe than others
and some people probably wouldn't even
classify this as an attack because I'm
not like jumping on my window or
something but these get really bad where
it's like literally my mind starts like
playing terrible tricks on me being like
this is going to happen if you do this
and this is what's going to happen this
is what it's going to be because you are
sleeping into five you're sleeping into
6 so you got to get up because this will
happen if you don't or if you move this
will happen or if you don't move this
will happen like it's just playing all
these scenarios and it's like I can't
stop thinking about scenarios my head is
just coming up with literally infinite
worries and it's making me so anxious
and it's illegitimate worries like their
their worries that when I either I can't
control or to that kind of don't matter
because it's like it's just me is like I
have kids or husband or anything to
worry about it's like it's kind of just
me making these decisions for myself so
I feel like there's no really wrong
decision but 10 point actually you know
I understand why stuffed animals are um
therapeutic they bring a sort of comfort
to you because I think well for me
anyways my stuffed animals wrote me so
much
childhood I used to have I was that girl
like all the way till like I moved from
her mom's house like from from when I
was baby too you know literally when I
was a gay teen and like I still have
them but I used to have a bed full of
stuffed animals like the whole entire
bed would not be even pillows it would
all be stuffed animals till the end of
the bed and then I didn't have stuffed
animals on the floor I kept some stuffed
animals in a laundry basket because I
thought it was like a daycare center for
them and stuffed animals just remind me
of childhood so to me they're like
relaxing and like therapeutic and like
everything's gonna be okay
the animals are just like kind of like a
stress reliever I think I know it sounds
weird people are like why did so many
subtitles I have a polar bear down there
okay but I really am a panda but I read
you and they're honestly just love him
but anyways okay I feel like what I know
is better just the same as talking to
guys I felt like maybe I didn't talk
someone and I was texting my mom was my
mom says she can't sleep but I think
she's sickly right now because I texted
her as I got you up but like it's a very
young age like gonna freak out you guys
that said many freak out when i
snapchatted um-hmm Josh Adam IT guys I
forgot these are they mild or severe
what do you do for them like what how
can you pass him I guess just talking
now he is the Phantom loss helped me
kind of at least control it my thoughts
in my head they're still going on they
go back to sleep but at least a
controller so now should I watch TV so I
don't go back into my own head when I
turn this off but all right guys I love
you so much thank you for watching this
sorry it's not going to get full one
full blown vlog today um but I love you
guys so much
thank you for watching and as always I
want us to have it done a sign-off on
this channel
I'm sorry I wish I had a gratis and it's
like stomach it says little fish hmm
my lips are dry
