so we are going down to meet my brother
again the Irvine Spectrum shout out to
my Irvine peeps could we snapchat it and
my mom and I'm gonna snapchat what did
you do and then she didn't know is it a
video sure it was it was a great time
you should get snapchat we need to get
you on snapchat I can really give me
gypsum or your Instagram she had slacks
blacks on all those but today yeah we
are oh I already said what we're doing
but yeah I love Orange County area we're
going past or move into temple where
Jeff and I eat before the wedding and
got a big fight good times good times
but you know where's one all we're doing
had people come clean today so I'm
excited to get home and to clean house
then we're gonna go see the movies on
Tuesday my mom and I came up with a new
mother-daughter date as Tuesday's as our
movie night so our movie date is because
it's five dollar movies $20.00 popcorns
so true though so true but my mom's
uploading a video as we speak hopefully
it uploaded did you keep it open or did
you close it okay so we were both
uploading video so hopefully you'll see
that soon and you keep you dated where
we go on mom where we're going I just
ended a blog a change of Isaiah and now
we're going back to PS he was so to be
in that vlog is very nice oh he was like
ordering the two desserts and then I was
like Isaiah try it on Cameron he does
he's just so sweet you love him
can I take those pictures back then we
can show you those myself get to get any
of them back but he's busy so guy like
that I titled the video Tom up yet but a
child looking for the perfect guy or I
found the perfect guy because you said
in the video when you order two desserts
you like this is the perfect guy that
got chocolate cake and bananas spring
rolls and what yes he's great you didn't
know that yeah I don't think I said that
in the blog he took us beating my mama
he and I picked it too and I was like
well usually if I pick it I like pay for
it cuz I'm you know he wanted like sushi
or something but I picked it he still
paid for it some we run back to the
FCI's beers we get all this noodles and
it's all just for me but oh my god I
said mommy - she's here for everything
else
how is it love the piace
oh that money on that one
strawberry cupcake move on out I got a
strawberry can we sit so I can eat this
gonna try it out all right it's not a
picture I can try it it kind of raised
me like a strawberry shortcake a little
bit but you know the spoon is gonna be
difficult
if I get this off a scream
alright guys here goes the first bite
wake up took ten minutes make buzz bring
them the types of people you see at the
beach mom ready okay let's show the
first girls these two girls one was
pregnant I must pregnant and one was
just there yeah I'll show those girl
show how they were walking this how
we're gonna start walking they were
sassy and you know what it works my
neighbor inviting them in okay okay okay
now a minute I like her okay Lizzy okay
this is my impression of her so she's
like oh hey there's a couple meeting on
the beat it's like literally the people
you meet we're gonna see about
Brookstone remember oh they have massage
chairs there there are so many things I
can't tell you guys but will you tell
the YouTube audience says yeah oh you
say by massage chair one of those ones
and they're like oh do you want to try
it out I'm like no like why I'm like
dirty ass fucking people on those chairs
with this crash in their head and like
lice and their whole bodies in there
like sweaty from the day it was so hot
I'm like and you and these people are
sitting there for 20 minutes and then
they tell me their time is up and
they're like just wanting a free massage
you're like me I'm not sitting in that
chair I'm like I'll just buy it and then
you reverse it off or anything that's
they didn't use like we had all the time
I'm like you didn't go change the chairs
every three months like that's not funny
how's coach mmm I loved your walk I've
had to have curls impersonation I loved
it hmm great nostril shot okay that's
not my most flattering we got really
cute so chewy I'm have a mom Hall coming
she woulda brought this up with her
gonna join mom home and my mom will show
you on her channel tomorrow the Sun is
setting we're watching people on the
beach it's entertainment for hours we're
working people have fun
down you know it really is time to go
time to go tap not quiet but people are
yelling and screaming in me don't go see
tomorrow and only Tuesday okay movie day
- zoom
