oh my god that looks so creepy oh my
gosh you guys at 7:30 and um I've been
writing ever since we got home from my
skin care meeting this morning over
there um not honestly guys I have been
okay so I counted today because I have a
bunch of books that I started just like
world's I put myself into which
literally and I don't say this again to
be offensive or to make light of
anything but it makes you feel a little
schizophrenic if you're writing in eight
different world so it's like I'm putting
myself into eight different world and
you know 50 different characters
different personalities and like I'm
thinking about I think them I think
their thoughts and so it's almost like I
am you know it is like I'm schizophrenic
so I'm happy I have to have multiple
personalities try these books so one is
like another sort of guide a sort of
book but it's like funny and it's just
me writing as me and that's great and I
love that I get really into it but then
I like to break it up and go back into
these worlds and this one I'm working on
now which you think is good my first
novel that I released because it's it's
the closest to being done and it's the
one that I'm kind of like into right now
is really fucked up it's it's not an
erotic fiction I don't want to give it
any I don't to give anything away cuz
it's it's fucked up and I don't know
what it is I've always had this idea to
do a screenplay version of this but
since I don't I'm not a screenwriter I'm
not a screenplay writer I don't really
know how to format I just figured it's
you know and I don't really do the
dialogue stuff all that well so I just
feel like it's better to put in a novel
form and it is so like I said messed up
when you guys hear about the theme of it
you're gonna be like what like in my
head I don't even think it's gonna sell
that well but me being just the crazy
person that I am I'm like doesn't really
care what's happening by the way a new
phone case hey she has this bookcase
look how huge it is um
vibrate mmm it's just my break okay cool
yeah so and I want to immerse myself in
this for another day because sometimes I
start writing these things and I get
like in these kicks for days and then I
like go weeks without writing so it's
kind of weird but I don't ever have like
refresh my memory I know exactly where
the world is that I left them in this is
something crazy
regardless I'm fascinated by this like I
said it may not sell the best so many of
my books would be like I think only
people who I don't know I don't know the
audience it's gonna cater to to be
honest it's just a story that I've
always wanted to tell us it has no real
elements like teas had sort of like my
fantasies in it this has no real
elements to who I am as a person or my
life because again once you hear the
theme you're going to be like Trisha
chance in the new house it has nothing
to do with real life it's just a story
I've always wanted to tell and it's
weird and when I release the book I'll
throw more when I came in to tell the
themes I can maybe explain a little bit
more of why you know why this theme and
why this book but it's interesting and
I'm really really dedicating myself to
these books to make them thicker and
longer because I want what my first know
that like movie theaters going with my
first few books ever em let's see how
many books history stripper Diaries tees
curvy and loving it and Dodi One Nights
if right right that's five books I've
written five books and with those I'm
really proud of but they were very like
very much trial basis very much like
let's put this out and see what the
response I get having said that T's
being my fiction book was my that might
actually my least amount of selling
copies but but at the same time I saw
people did want to read them and we're
interested so it's kind of like okay
those are my little tastes my little
tasted things and honestly my
autobiography is like my ship retires
industry Manzana me like you can't I
couldn't really even fill those up
anymore I guess I could have I could
have like elaborated more on things but
basically you got me in a nutshell and
at the time I wrote it when I was like
25 24 no I was 24 when I wrote it so you
know that was pretty good for 24 years
of life right um so with these novels I
really just want to show off my writing
skills like don't think that I was able
to I know I know I got a lot of heat for
sure from people's like oh it sucks but
to be honest like writing and something
I've always excelled in in school and
and more than that it's may have always
been just a super passionate I love
writing like writing is probably my
biggest creative outlet so all these
novels I had started just before I even
published any books those books were all
this sort of like afterthoughts like
let's see how these do see how these
these are things that are like kind of
my babies that I've been like working on
that I that I almost just do for fun
like it's almost like I'm in magining
like I make believing a world that I
don't live in and it's just kind of for
fun that I can go there I don't know
it's like weird and when I get into
these writing days like I have been you
know I start I can't even film videos
when I that's why I have pre-recorded
videos because it's getting from the do
and I write because it's just a
different it's a different headspace
that I'm in it's it kind of makes you
feel a little crazy and you get a little
like when I when I do get into the real
world I wouldn't mind order some food
that I'm picking up now when you do into
the real world you're kind of like hazed
you're kind of in this haze like wait
where am i what am i doing like that
sort of thing
so I'm going to try and take I do have
not a walk tomorrow but I'm going to try
and take tomorrow just as a writing day
and finish at least these two this is
the guidebook I'm working on and then
also my novel um one of my novels one of
seven novels actually so it's a whole
thing I have been just in a crazy but I
almost don't want to take break to eat I
didn't have to be honest because I was
kind of in the zone but I said no I'm
gonna I'm gonna eat I'm gonna watch Glee
I'm gonna you know you know work and
then work on it some more and just kinda
have to get out of the zone actually to
be honest because otherwise I just kind
of go a little crazy um I'm just really
excited for you guys
to UM we'll both books I'm very excited
about but the novel I'm really excited
because you guys will see what I'm
talking about when I said the headspace
in it it's it's just it's probably not
healthy but I love books like that I
love books that are just so fucked up
you're like who writes this like and
honestly I don't like to force it I
didn't want to for something like oh
what is the most fucked up thing I could
write about it's honestly something that
I imagined as a movie in my head around
a little girl and it's again fucked up
but I always imagined like Tom Hanks
it's really only two characters it would
be well not me anymore I'd have to be a
little girl than me but it would be like
a little girl I would be me in my head
when I was younger and then Tom Hanks is
the dad so I don't even know this is how
crazy this is how big my head think wow
that light was so fast it just it just
sinks into the epic proportions and um I
don't know why I might be so crazy and
rambling but I really really enjoy
writing and I don't know to be honest I
hope to make this my career my books do
fairly decent I'm pretty sure I could
survive off of them I'm not saying like
I can spend like a millionaire off of
them but I probably survive off just
book sales so I really I love YouTube so
much but you know at the end of the day
it's like you know I'm gonna get older
and make it more boring in my old age
maybe well don't want much but that
doesn't mean maybe people don't want to
read what I do so I'm trying to I don't
know what I'm trying to do to be honest
I love YouTube so much I do I love
writing so much so why not kind of do
both and you know my music is really
awesome too I just I don't know I just
want to create and I I want to create
all this stuff while people still care
to be honest um
and hopefully like I said I'm hoping to
prove my myself as like an author that
it could continue um maybe even after
people don't care about my life like
about me going to put that food I don't
know I feel like I'm rambling but um but
thank you guys for being like honest
like journey with me this YouTube
journey it's really crazy where it's
taking me to I've always wanted to write
but I didn't think I don't know so weird
it's a weird thing it's a weird concept
but I'm ready to eat and like I said was
like watch Glee and like that job by the
way my favorite new type job what
doesn't a walk this morning I feel like
I did my favorite new um show on TV is
The Odd Couple with Matthew Perry and
Thomas Lennon okay like I thought it was
gonna be absolutely terrible and it is
absolutely amazing
like I love it so much I hope it doesn't
get canceled and I hope by me talking
about it doesn't get cancelled like it's
gonna jinx it or something but I
honestly was watching and being like
okay let's just like make fun of how bad
this is gonna be I find it really funny
then I'm gonna have to find mom funny
and not really anyone thinks mom's funny
so who knows
um but yeah I'm gonna go pick up some
food and stop blabbing I'm gonna
probably just write I got a new computer
to write on actually it's really cool to
go it's a go bendable laptop like it
turns into a tablet it's really really
cool um so maybe I'll log that later
tonight but I'm gonna go eat and I will
talk to you guys soon guys it's the same
day I got dragged out because of him he
asked me to hang on I told my dad once
he knows carefully
was this the beginning of the video you
know it's the end like literally I said
goodnight like five hours ago so you go
away I like guys I'm pretty tired when I
go to bed and I'm being dragged out by
you stink of Trish entering a pharmacy
with her hood on and it was even lower
was like this perky right we're like
you're gonna Rob it we talked with the
Brady Bunch
this is date night we're gonna go get a
cheeseburger mess and don't get close to
you cuz you're sick so we gotta get a
medicine once a know that people are
gonna think that I'm some kind of dirty
stomach screw well you are
JK are you saying if I know again you
know we have adventures we're having
we're going to click it in that and
honestly you guys thought it was over
plot twist night just started mmm guys
okay so we're gonna get some things but
imma keep the slim stuff we need to go
on a diet drew
today's don't tell me that's a chip okay
so I do the same thing I would show you
what's a little appropriately them now
no I really I just don't pick it up the
only look at it when there's a robbery
yeah anyways we're gonna get this and
we'll see you in and out it's tipped
eyes distraction okay guys we're ready
to do it we're ready tablet eyes outside
as you guys have we told him what we're
doing we make any sense why you're doing
it
but I guess I have to promote our
snapchat now massive like in my friends
book let's dress up a pirate why because
we're kids yeah
we're committing a prank ring by the way
George get this I don't get it it's too
big and it doesn't do anything like if
it charges your phone I'll deal with it
this shit is just to look like fucking
ugly Hello Kitty okay dislike easier by
the car
wait now I can see it
I don't think the flash is good turn off
okay 2cm like mjv closer shot is good
okay keep your paws off wait wait yes
dr. singer mr. drew
security take it back I was scared you
think it comes out okay okay
I know what did you get closer no cuz
it's not a great it's not trained with
today
okay
did your alum to see your like not
bright but they're good
it doesn't even look like we did a prank
what's not really a prank never and the
sign is not a part it's how we got prank
CBN well I just do another moment better
with my legs
yeah my legs look tubby
how are you making your legs Lester
we're doing together hello II just suck
a moon the guys coming with music on his
bike
okay let's just do a whiny with you they
are here dark oh that was good what is
fine blurry that was perfect lighting
that was so good
look how dark that one is okay - I'm
ready I was telling you thank you he
didn't gas is a great one now okay it's
like that good boy
like this thing is folding
Ennio hope
I'm able to record I was just exhausting
I'm tired now I'm gonna snapchat drew
doing the prank we would put my house
after them people know - I'm putting it
on mine so that way they know but I want
them to see okay put it on there then
Deva Friday night living it up this is
like literally the worst writing average
literally our prank wasn't even pranks
he liked it oh mama get my head up
before your heart huh I think it's a
Popo
ooh double snap chatting and vlogging
and me at rashon whitey and drew at my
toll cold yes ooh
we're committing a prank look at the
prank poor my chokehold yes that's my
snapchat
ahem we're pranking and we're vlogging
up the CVS being bad their prey that's
my snap truck ahem we're pranking and
were largely altitude exact living for
the snapchat dome did it look like whoa
whoa I'm scared don't you pretend you're
under my hey be what my dad fuck I
thought that she was gonna be only check
out - before snapchat oh my gosh bring
your Seng a trail so better without the
flash I think you should be in
I think that's a good picture what yeah
you know right now it's good I want them
to know what I see the CVS looks so
happy yeah actually this is you I'm so
much better at taking them than you
because you're like fucking like right
here there you go now you're getting
into it look how good you look I got you
so good on yours but I'm coming
like legit Dow like legit you can't see
yours your boats been awful we talked
about with my hair's like fuck me stick
me up no I know like that here URI oh my
god alright here we go round two of the
photo shoot why don't you realize duh
living okay ready it literally looks the
same I feel like we're in a teenage
rom-com and we're having fun
yeah how fast do you like and well it'll
be gone before I can make it do
something really sassy jump with it jump
jumping I might do like a cheerleading
gym yeah yeah hey ready hole I'm gonna
do it again let me get ready ready go
good jump I'm jumping I don't wash why
are you fucking with me again you can
look at the pictures I was trying to get
it I could huh oh good no you can't see
my name
you get any good ones at the jumping but
the other ones were good go through I
literally took 500 of you like there's
more of you out here than me
Saracens like legit good ones of you
know we're good
that one was in the area dispense here
well thank you are you happy with any of
them okay sailor look the same
oh yeah sort of way yeah that was fun
that literally was a dollar
entertainment how do you date one date
the cheap food boots short but we can
sniff it later honestly getting high off
of writing
don't say that there's a cop right there
and you're underage okay let's go get a
burger now my dad stews I have this
camera you do mm-hmm
I do I've done like a bunch I use right
weirdo get sick germs on it okay get
your medicine too
