we're here at the capital grille and I'm
in Camille
I'm get you I always thought a Pikachu
as a hooker and she caught him all you
should have all these two E's in the
world that's why I always think of when
I think of looking mom but we're here at
the daily girl
eating I did
with iran who just one of many in front
of his face so I that symbolize not
talking it's been tough rough week so I
feel as you Telamon face i look rough
but you guys wanna see my new haircut I
haven't even shown it yet it was so bad
kelsa that he likes it but i told him he
likes excited ugly and I'll guy called
Cogan with the yellow sweater done put
that on me it was the camera or that I
look ugly know that icon okay said that
you'd look back no he said what he
thinks everything looks good he doesn't
want to ever be honest i mean i usually
like anything like this wholesome good
resting girl oh yeah yeah that's not
your honor that's what that's why i like
it thanks me in a pit stop past feeling
sick wait wait hey resolved with them oh
did you go back then made a pit stop for
a girl
what is it a bad thing not look at show
it it's a good quality nut oh that looks
absolutely terrible wolf no offense i
needa stop saying that cuz like you
always do to your sisters food whenever
she gets like Sam manners and I go like
it's so pretty your knee-jerk response
to everything I know and I shouldn't do
that because that is rude well steeps is
cute but to all kill stop for me he's
like I'm I realized have a bathroom and
he's like sorry to interrupt you but the
biggest coffee bay never seen in my life
I know it's mushi yeah did you go out
there a little bit of tummy ache stop it
I hey Jill fuck it no good to send the
car together for three hours and you
like get to get over six lanes to the
bathroom like all its gonna either come
now or in your car so you might want to
pull over no I know you recall you
didn't arrest there what part of the Red
Sea that was you but your typical guy
all guys say that like I feel that's
what really at six lanes over it's like
well I'm gonna go on your car if I don't
I almost made you throw up oh my god I
they know I have motion sickness we're
gonna blog and kills pressure i'll blog
with you but I got a peeper no he's like
watch this and I didn't know what he's
gonna do but I and I didn't think it
caused me that bad emotion sickness but
honestly I'm huge in the bathroom I was
like I might actually throw up yeah I
just felt it coming is it would you
better turn a room because I knew I was
coming that's so sick and I think
they're real quick before we blog on his
channel and no basuke care meeting and
there's three new products that were
thinking about coming out with but we
don't know which refers it's between a
body spray a body lotion and a lip like
a lip balm boom so
so Fayed up logging I got nylon tape i
know that's a good idea actually still
feel a little queasy sign in front of
shaitana think i got water too what and
I just wanted the pup to be honest so
all right well let me guys know new
haircut and crazy but whatevs I like it
I like feeling like there's nothing on
my head I feel free no I feel like
nobody that's what I feel like with this
hair it's good way but I've got a boy
you know what I mean so there's a song
about sex with guys it's called I'm just
a gigolo and it's my David Lee Roth when
he went solo and I'm like obsessed with
the song ah only the best in the entire
world I'm like obsessed him now
successively rob the guy always
Panamanian but like I love daily rock
Malakian solo is my favorite yeah and
there's a quote I don't need to talk
about the summer channel well that was
in the same article because that beast
this hopper teacher came out there was
articles about him being in it and they
used one my favorite quotes which was
from his california girls video there's
a thing happen for little girls which is
a popular quote and then him and his
manager at the time also added in and
girls of other sizes too and i was like
oh I always loved it they much then an
article may be really happy so thank
heaven for little girls and girls have
other sizes too so oh my god it looks
like I'm like in a mental ward with this
thing
anyways that was chaos and Amishi stew
yeah pulling over let another bathroom
welcome yeah we did it yeah yeah whoo
whoa winners are coming out Stu
