so we are back at the UCLA Center day my
mom was meeting with the pot surgeon
because she has to get a mastectomy so
she's going now to talk about how to get
her breast reconstructed what size and
all that stuff so I'm with her today I
didn't put it sentence in because I
heard didn't know her appointment was
today and she told me she was going so I
offered to go with her in here today
many centers may be huge breast cancer
center here soon it was pretty cool
anyways I should pick it back in there
because that's like this blog should be
as updated that's pretty for a hospital
ok so yeah my mom's getting her surgery
um maybe next week maybe the week after
but she has to hear her bloop removed my
mom's stressing it so I'm trying to be
here for her whenever she comes to these
things just so she doesn't feel like
she's alone and of course my chance of
surgery I'll be there never I can stay I
don't know if it's in hospital overnight
and want to though I don't want her to
be alone in a hospital just anything for
four days after her mastectomy so that's
what we're doing you just got back from
Vegas and mom's been lovin it happy now
um like who's with me whose bag well you
always a key moment so why hibernating
no she went to Vegas and lift it up we
just love her look at her scar I showed
him my shirt and the flaws and the thing
as what no wondering at the bracelet the
bracelet yeah they have this thing in
Venice were they had all these and
actually I believe this scarf was
donated because I was telling her I was
like yeah my mom is recent diagnosed
with breast cancer
I can't remem
yeah I went and I was like buying a
bunch of stuff because it all like goes
to different centers like different
breast cancer things and stuff like that
so I bought a bunch of stuff for my mom
and yeah they don't need some things so
I was like super nice and my mom was
just saying at that you see like mice
cancer everyone was super nice because I
was walking in there I was like showing
them everything oh yeah they are it's
just amazing people just have you
unknown for that you're getting your
thing up on your channel yet no I
haven't I was good well mine won't go up
for like two weeks so you can put it on
there is but I was telling him that you
had to copy a German second man we have
the date now so March 31st is date and I
mean till I think about it and like I
know I just wish you get to get out
those with speed I don't know we thought
was next week but I got something
happening but hopefully time does go
fast
oh yeah I got my season done it was like
that forever but I own other heels like
yeah yeah it's uh I'll be good one is
over
hopefully all done and out of your
system but we are going to get breakfast
now as fingers so excited get our usual
huge the huge and I will see how it goes
