okay good morning we got a new phone
case of the day it is my fat chicks
cover so yeah that's my iPhone case of
the day and that's it thanks guys so
much watching this kidding umm no today
I'm getting my roots done I have not got
my roots done since December 6th of last
year
crazy right it is they're so grown now
I've been trying to just like be careful
with it but you have to get them done
because if you don't think about too
long then it's really hard to match the
colors again like it gets a little
spotty or streaky so I figured I'll just
get it done I'm not putting my
extensions back until April hi April 6
so yeah April 6 because we shoot my
videos on April 8 so I think I'm gonna
just actually get my regular sentence
back that I normally get and then get
clip-in bangs and awesome hair
commercial and I'll either get a clip in
bang watching me it both mimic a clip in
bang and then also use that frontal
closure so wherever the stylist was to
do for my videos that they want to you
know pin on the front close the lace
front closure or if they want to use a
clip-on Bank so that'll be good to have
some options and you don't have to put
heat on my a trail here so yeah we're
going to my old salon I'm really really
nervous what my old stylist is gonna say
because she helped me grow my hair out
when it was this broken about two years
ago and so I
she's very very sweet and she didn't
yell at me the first time just you know
she helped me and now I'm going back and
outs broke and she was like what the
fuck
so no the weirdest thing I can't find my
car keys my house keys are in there but
I can't find my car keys and I have one
of these like button starter things so
it's like you can't really start your
car without him but I thinking you want
further ballet my son's like do they
have to be in here they must have fallen
on the floor or something but this purse
is pretty tight meaning like very like
compact you feel like you want to have
just fallen out of it whatever I feel
like I would have seen oh it's the most
bizarre thing I gotta get this hair done
and I'm gonna spare clip-ins for this
month so wish so there without
extensions
yeah that's what it looks like she's
pretty good she's a little scared to go
match the color I said girl it's fine
make it gold for all I care because I
just needed I'm done a little she was a
good thing you don't wait longer belongs
you should know this don't wait too long
in between roots because if you rate to
doing I waited like four months like if
you wait that long in between touch-ups
like it's hard to match it because it's
not like cool as much closer to the
things so kimbos okay hey hey
weirdest thing right okay so I gave my
car to valet
they turn it off parked it turn it back
on fine when I wasn't there I was like
hey I can't find the key like I don't
know like I was like searching for a sec
it's fine we'll find it okay cool cool
whatever
I come out they can't find the key it's
so weird but my car unless there's a
glitch with my car my car won't start
unless I have the key with me near me
it's very weird and very bizarre and
then I remember seeing it in my purse my
other person's morning so I just
switched bags
I remember seeing in my other purse this
morning and I'm like did I grab her or
tonight it's not home how would this
start it's a it's such a mystery my
heart is a very very small like there's
only so many places that a key can be in
a ballet can't find the key then I feel
like it's not a good thing so it was
weird I got these hair treatments from
my hair stylist by the way and I'll tell
you more about it but it's called DC's
for natural color design and their
little tubes and you're supposed to use
one tube for a deep conditioning like
once a month
I just break it that's what those look
like it's literally losing everything in
my car
um no okay mmm catch up to speed so Asha
the girl became Bo salon in Beverly
Hills
she I went to her with my hair when it
was like probably the short last time I
damaged it completely it was so bad and
she was so sweet by the way updates she
was she totally didn't yell at me she
was I just I know how bad you feel like
I'm not gonna make you feel worse
because I already know how bad you feel
like I know what it's like today
Michelle she's very sweet and very
understanding and she actually was able
to like kind of dry it so it doesn't
stick straight up so I was like good job
bruh um no I love her and she's great so
anyway that's honey are my whole
experience because here's the thing with
the way if I honestly I couldn't I
couldn't take it I couldn't take the
itching of it it was just too much and
it was really heavy so I know how he is
uh I'm gonna go down your extensions
back I don't want to get my sentence
back like another month because I'm just
enjoying having like my natural hair as
crappy as it may look like as just
having natural hair and just lightness
it feels like I'm bald because I feels
like I have no hair in my head and I
kind of love it because I was so sick of
having all back hair but I bought these
new Bellamy Kylie Jenner clip-ins
they're the ones that the they're blonde
with the teal on the end and in really
exciting said I want to kind of wear
those I think like a month just when I
want to wear the link you know because I
don't go out because no I don't really
go out all that much but when I do I
think it'd be fun to have like those
extensions put in to give me some
thickness and length so if I do decide
to put this in today I'll show you a
pilot I'd appointment tomorrow because
not really doing anything till tomorrow
yeah the mystery the key is so weird
obviously I'm gonna find this key I have
to write it like it has to be found it's
just the weirdest thing and like that
finale I can't find it like they
probably searched this car so much like
it's so bizarre I wanted to get my
eyebrows waxed
maybe I'll just like pull into the
eyebrow place and then search for my key
there and if I can't find it then have
to go home
I don't know what I'm gonna do but yeah
so that was the update on my hair
situation I know my hair was like
ever-changing and honestly being a
blonde your hair is gonna get damaged
like no matter what and I'm like you
know just styling it to make it look as
good as it can you know but I was blond
in the past two years and it was growing
I had like my the top layer was as long
as this layer it was like really growing
and I just went to new stylist and
fucked up and like she said to like
people who stopped my hair just styling
and not doing the color she gets good to
like stick up the same one cuz I know
your hair they understand because anyone
that sells my hair now I tell them don't
use any sort of flattery cuz the
Flatiron that was somebody used on my
hair singed my hair might already
damaged here and like all fell off so I
said don't use a flatiron
I'm just Brown brush it and if you have
to touch my top head up top here at all
and and then if we can avoid it just put
the clip in bang or like a piece and
like pin it up there but anyways get
hard looks like a terrible movie
I'm just looking at this I'm gonna stop
so I can show you that billboard are
there that you will Ferrell and Kevin
Hart movie it looks so terrible but yeah
I'm gonna stop blabbing I'm so I'm just
like kind of stressed right now about
this key situation
it's so weird it has to begin here right
like I pushed the seats up and push the
seat back and I mean I would have had it
my purse this morning because I change
purses and I showed my purse up there so
it can't be my purse question my first
up to the salon so definitely want to
start my purse was up there I have no
idea is this is like a mystery so stay
tuned find out how the mystery ends
