meeting kale for lunch so today's the
day that my hot for teacher video came
out I got really exciting as after the
day I put up my first vlog with kale
announcing his channel so that's
exciting it's our day now we're planning
the next step so we are almost done with
the second album and now we are planning
on we're planning the next like step so
after the second album is done I want to
go on tour like and put on like a show
for you guys cuz that's like what I live
for like I'm gonna do me and greets of
course after the show but like I love
performing live like that's what excuse
me I literally been walking for like
literally like Rob house it just check
real quick so I started at noon it's now
3 second walking for literally three
hours so volatile rough forgive me I'm a
proud fishy yeah
Trisha Paytas that spreadsheet calm if
you want to get it um but yeah I love
live performances like that's kind of
like what I started with doing when I
was younger like theater and I love it
so I don't know whatever I do yet and
I'm gonna be performing songs I like do
a Q&A or the big comedy thing or like a
one-woman stand-up show away so my books
possibilities they're around this way me
at the Cheesecake Factory Marina del Rey
that looks so fun over there so yeah he
was late so since I walked here I was
like walking down the block
I don't we I know what you were to wait
for me I wasn't aware damaged day but
yeah I see how cus good though okay guys
I think I broke my finger in the
bathroom hi went to the bathroom I
slammed it can you guys see I don't know
if Athena showing up but I think I look
at the difference and fingers
okay broken oh good these are all good
pad fishy um no I like saying my finger
on the door not really hurt so we're at
Cheesecake Factory ales of course
looking at his YouTube comments
Hales Ola vacated my CV I was trying to
hide your thing oh really you're like
thank you no actually bit I'm just
reading how people are one girl or
somebody well they're how inspire they
were I changed her life of 9.50 when I
said what did you say at 9:50 he's like
I don't know something killer apparently
apparently killer kills ill um how's
your finger
all right I feel like you did break it
cuz I can't even feel it because I feel
it like hurting but I can't get
everybody what do you think about her
hair it's amazing nine-time Kael told me
I look like his mother which is not
something a girl wants to hear at 27
well I said Back to the Future mother no
I mean like it's like remember that
River when he goes back
time remember the movie okay I
understand me now you would nobody wants
be totally look like their mother yeah
they do people do you know I mean hey
favorite you know that my father
probably dude this is some way that's
older so stup thank you it's like a
little recording camera yeah it's just
like it's just to see yourself you know
what I mean so when you're recording
like you can see cuz you can see what
you're talking like the P and step so if
I'm pointing up amethyst you know okay
it kind of goes off like will may come
here yeah that's like and it's more
low-key so if you're feeling something
it doesn't think you've a video camera
she's like I'm just looking at myself
yeah try and like look I think yeah I
love it it's like my favorite camera
yeah I never even seen that before
that's cool hey here's new dessert menu
anything like do you want it maybe yeah
I'll bring you yeah I love your hair is
it real nose is it ha ha ha ha it looks
like I just had a weave in my head sound
like a Muriel everybody everybody we're
please I know I think so I thought so
cuz it looks cool
oh thank you you're an actor uh more
musician I did actor a little bit very I
just got back from New York that leg
finish that song music do you play
alternative rock why are you in a band
yeah please what's it called green light
theory are you guys on YouTube yeah this
is my youtube channel I'll shout it out
you've no idea how
ya know very I just a male booze came
our bill that's no no you're cool your
eyes everybody wish me what's it
wouldn't put me on the chest shout out
the name of your your own okay hey some
keel
oh yeah you so nice
spit it out right now right so cute
though yeah that's when our waiter is it
he he's jump back in the other way
because he like weightless in the
beginning member we were like about to
faint she was about to faint she slammed
her finger she was laying down in the
booth I ran up to the party at water and
another waiter then now he's coming on
did I get why I probably faces were like
flush I couldn't even like I like put my
head down I was talking I was gonna pass
out I was like laying down here like a
weirdo I love that guy I'm like oh that
was our waiter though so yeah well shout
out his band when he comes back put you
right here for now um maybe we should
get cheese cake to celebrate anyone
these I think you shouldn't they season
and for reading everyone loves him
I bought the the holder for my car well
this you don't need a holding yeah you
know just got back from playing do you
member Hawthorne Heights oh my gosh yeah
yeah we were there at Jackson yeah do
you remember high for teacher Van Halen
he's so young I know man I know that
song serious well we're all young I'm
the same way are you like under 2600
than me you see that's why that's up put
yeah did you know the Beatles yeah
there's another song oh yeah we buy any
hard time oh oh no I'm the same where
we're young he's at the door I'm gonna
have our 90 stop right is some eighties
we wanted what's your what's your name
my girl and that's your Instagram yeah
that's our answer
oh you happy you chew yeah CL theory a
fish is crab where you are we're just
saying I don't think you were our
original waiter but it was like funny Oh
what happened was he got here and then I
was like I had to look like much about a
crap oh and then I was super guessing
she sends a God swim or Cena's gonna
come to you guys and he was talking and
you were here Oh Shane was in the booth
were like laying down oh you relate oh
you because I'll explain my finger and
the door I I get the tea kit in the
bathroom yeah all I saw it so I'm seeing
his way for something like okay let me
handle oh yeah I am
by the time I get to this personal beer
yeah everybody's how my god it is just
you tell me bathroom happen some other
stuff up and then just don't really yeah
kind of mr. John yeah oh I got their
orders they're all gay I'm like okay
cool
yeah oh my gosh Muriel okay no no you're
amazing
Kyle abridgement about the bank this is
where check them out now I'm going to
follow you this is you Instagram this is
YouTube yeah
green light theory and then all totally
was dude what's yours yeah my name is
Trisha Paytas he's great check out file
I'm gonna follow him huh I never scared
us he's gibble I never think you'll be
working he's really lagged you like to
wait Tom wait why would I thought I was
like no that was like a switchblade
swing blade comment I like the way you
talk creepy creepy creepy creepy town um
yeah he forgot she's kidding me guys
update update Ohio has a girlfriend
Kyle has a girlfriend do not follow him
just kidding huh we decided girlfriends
like
okay I'm getting 40 I'm kidding he's
kind of weird right I never talk but
guys I have boyfriend's answer is sure
working with me or something I would
never Big O my boyfriend
because it makes me sound like yeah you
did great you guys right behind you it's
kind of not Harvey I was kid
let the low-carbon or you might cookie
dough
no cookie dough I just seconds we don't
have a nasty-ass fun Snickers okay is
that your three Snickers low-carb or
chocolate chip cookie yeah snicker
sounds better out of all of those will
get the Snickers one
okay I should have my Instagram the guys
like is that you have a gag normally
don't like this ugly you think for the
night oh my god your stoop it's hard to
vlog with you because he has his key
phone all the time and on the back of
his phone is a license oh I'm scared of
like pan over to him because I don't
want the license showing yeah that's I
never pan over to you because the back
of its always shown yeah do that because
I always want to show you but then I see
that your license nothing like what are
they gonna do their thoughts about and I
can show you
they look pretty things
so when you figure this out but yeah
we're gonna get this to christians√≠ so
let's talk a little bit about your video
just was dropped today trying to remove
some issues
oh yeah that's all good
that's all good it's gonna go up to
charge me down there crossing my legs
oh really has your hands near mm-hmm
Danny only needs to ask once write an
article that's exciting and more
publicity so that will go that'll take
it out there in the spectrum tells my PR
person are two more publicity you know
just uh what am I not what I'm I'm not
whatever
am I not that means my oh my god what am
I not second I deadly rough that had
this song called indeed I do and it was
all one word did I do without J
impression of him no it's actually my me
is that anyway but I'm on just got
sensory overload Monday yeah this is
like I've been an intense Monday I'm
like so tired actually already I like
when I like sleep tonight I'm so tired
this is my first uh lots of coffee to my
first meal of the day
mine too
running guys I'm feeling about me like
what time did you get up this morning
early like 6 mm-hmm really what time you
got
I was probably the fourth time I went to
sleep this morning was it six you can't
sleep here too excited about the release
yeah
the launch of Cal Zillah and the release
of a hot for teacher that was the launch
of Killzone
yeah again thank you well for pushing me
out there like we've been talking about
doing that I pushed everyone to do
YouTube I can tell you I tell you guys
all this all time I change my life
how long have I been resistant yeah
literally like probably since I met him
I tell everyone that like my friend
that's interesting I McHugh should do
YouTube be sure you ever was like no
you're crazy
but in that part you probably have a lot
of friends and they're not interested
right that's true they're not all
interests well I don't have a lot of
friends my friends that I have are
interesting otherwise I'm not friends
with oh I don't be friends important
people kind of I didn't know if you just
being nice
you're amazing for like keeping at me
because in a lot of ways this is like
there's a whole nother kale Mikkel Zilla
version and it's that kind of all the
above or just being Oh being ballsy not
given I thought that's his thing today
and I don't give a fuck I'm like okay
crazy I do give a fuck about all the
nice comments all people that have been
likes are so so kinda well that's what
it's worth it I always say it's like one
loving comment is worth a thousand hate
comments so I loved it that's why I love
you too
well we'll keep you guys up to date when
we get our cheesecake we're not eating
cheesecake we're filming cheesecake
that's my reason we got it is just to
film it and it looks so yummy kales
instagrammy oh my god wait your table is
your Instagram on public now it's my
Instagram appellate this is like a
mirror right now haha
boobs is that public yeah what do you
mean his own well you see how that
private is it public out on my Instagram
oh yeah it is uh it's been on public oh
excuse me
it's good oh thank you so much Kyle's
gonna test you perform or he mainly just
well no I made me good videos I used to
perform recipe theater like that's my
background is like in like five theaters
there is the aftermath of my thumb kind
of bright in here so it's or not my
thumb sorry my pinky so much just
chillin today but I thought I'd show you
guys this
it really slammed it so hard at the
Cheesecake Factory and I was like oh
that's probably better hold it back here
I've never seen my finger our doors the
stupidest thing ever and I hurt so so
bad but I just not broken but yeah I'm
just chillin tomorrow getting my hair
done so being ugly today so yeah all
right um I think I'll just probably end
this vlog here since I start a new one
tomorrow but I'm gonna put this with
that at my other Cheesecake Factory but
I'm just like kinda sleepy and watching
um committing the bad couple over there
it's actually pretty good I thought I
hate it at first but I kind of love it
Matthew Perry and Thomas Lennon I think
they're really funny I really like this
show it's pretty good knocking online so
I'm gonna continue watching that
probably like go back to sleep as I'm
tired but keep you update on my broken
finger which I guess not that broken
y'all better a little finger I love you
guys I'll talk to you soon hi - Rick
Moranis until is America sees for my
little baby fishy ah
bye guys
