shelli's was my partner in eating crime
Shane lose a bunch of food at Shelley's
and I feel a little gross that hell I
feel like I ate so much I had buffalo
wings I like this why don't punish lazy
oh oh my god honey I'm hot girls I feel
I like it so I don't want to Shelly said
I love this mood after wear that feels
so gross really like from all the chips
and the bonus we ate so much bad stuff
there honestly should feel like great
cousin living like actually living I
mean that's guys one of the main dad
honestly my dad doesn't say Bing I'm
like well dad unless you're a dad he's
like you don't know that it could be
better in like in heavens what do you
think implying it's true except for are
we going oh I don't know why yeah that's
what we're doing that my dirty car so
gross but yeah we design a Chili's I
don't know how I feel about it I don't
think that was like the best decision
ever but what do you think of it
look how huge that bra is a long brown
hair
this Abroad's this a half oh my - it
literally fits your head is small on me
and have a big head and there's a hair
in there a box of hair I like that me
separate each ponytail this is the weave
see it is like we're on you haven't
going about lor know them are doing to
leave anymore too much but yeah I think
it's much but yeah I think we should go
get a snack for drew mama figure it out
I like them pizza come on and give me
fries I like the feeling on my nice warm
thighs yeah it's me it still sounds like
there's feets on you yeah
wait we're the front of your holding oh
no way they come on and get me fries I
give your half of the piece on your lap
than someone fiji the french fries how I
envisioned the video what sometimes you
don't put the fries on the table or the
you don't have any food on table you
have some of them on your lap Bobby not
on a pillow no war bye why would your
thymus be warm because you're wet from
Simon oh it's not no but but Shane's
awaiting him over before drew came over
here he's like no Jew said it was a
catchy song as I think you yeah no I'm
the best
cuz you're sometimes really mean to me
and that made me feel really good that
you like some tour I love you okay thank
you
oh yeah let me come over this way
yeah
