so I'm at Cheesecake Factory and I'm
pointing at my little wheat my little
weave day and I just ate and for Seamus
walking oh my god he was equalized with
it
oh no you look so good today literally
looking like best you've ever had
oh no you look so right now look at that
look at my body muscles pack talking
that face and he's like we're talking
about like moving for the drug they
never tried ray interesting but I feel
like the only way to do it is sorting no
that's not hurt you really
I don't know you do you want to bite
okay maybe I don't want to tempt you I'm
sure
Oh sing an organ right literally five
letters code I need you like that okay
my idea here's a big one I think it
looks more like calm then right there's
my definitely snoring snort I mean who
has it but I think I'd rather eat calm
than this oh my god iris come back we
don't they call it somebody thank you
hello thing when you snort come don't
they call it
we well it's like a oh it's a word like
when your and then all can tell you Oh
white dragon that is not them and then
you forced our head down this room and
there you go white dragon if you're
fucking lying no I mean I'm not a white
dragon this bitch right now I'm not even
kidding I don't like ranch ride what I
just want to like look down below things
I want to snore things I do wanna blow
things lately have an addicted to like
blowing penises but oh my god weird
meeting Bobby ever know wow I was like I
kind of thought for a minute tried to
suck my own when I was like 12
but don't work out and my dick suc okay
so read them all
can you say that's a bursary what just
happened watching Trish to hit on by a
black dude
with someone whether they're like your
friend's brother who cares like you
should room with a guy that never
happened by the way I know I'm going to
get a bunch of like change races with
this no no the reason I said black dude
is because black dudes and white dudes
in Mexico they all have a different
style that was the most that was so
amazing he literally walked it to you
reenactment of it oh yeah I'm like
walking by walking by oh he was a target
oh then he grabbed your hand then he was
like what's your name I mean you said
Nicole really like is it that is it
what's up guys that your brother says
your man I was like no no no no you wait
no you ain't
about we ugh let me take you away
mileage as the oath of what a moment I
know I'd never have it before that was
like it is a scare the kid Zack Morris
it was amazing and I am taking tips no
that was like nut belly actually scared
me because like you should if you just
okay I gotta go there let you go this
guy was like not gonna let me garlic
holy Baba overconfidence like that's a
technique for Alianza know I was
allowing it because I actually never has
happened like that so aggressive or when
I'm with someone that does never happen
like what the fuck I thought it was
inspiring thanks Shane this is a casting
director yeah
are you the casting director more like a
talisman a casting director wait where
do you put this video well you have the
option to go up on and yeah it could go
up on YouTube but that's okay if you
want to publish it publicly or privately
nobody wants to be on fucking YouTube
Justin Bieber dude wait to let me make a
video because I really want to make one
of these the island photo booths and
sound like that okay so it's like a
hundred dollars oh oh I don't know this
looks booty we need to get one of these
far filming agree that you have a great
scream oh I don't do you yeah that's
bougie ass Bob I love it is she doing
industry
hey doctor I feel like you're never
getting casted for a movie casting couch
real down let's because that we're
figuring out if we shake if we get a
video I'll insert it here I'm gonna say
one yeah yeah it's gonna be it's gonna
buy my because there we offer two so
equals friend best friends from mmm
we're known as trained together yeah
that's what they call it cuz Trisha we
can do bye-bye we're trained no no it's
gonna be me
why was Robin
I basically he wants to be in on this
video with we do that we're like in a
casting but this is very exciting
oh my gosh I can't wait to do this your
green screen work is a little janky this
disappearing yeah wait wait is that cuz
it's white I usually try to change the
background yeah into the back oh I can't
like it
