alright guys good morning I look greasy
because I haven't rinsed off today tan
yep
I'm in the gym once again I only have a
limited amount of time because I have
lots today it is like the day before it
leaves lash the daily because I have to
give her like midnight tonight to make
lamb it's really being like her lately
at my house if I am so working out
watching some YouTube
I've got about 48 minutes 400 calories
level 80 no matter my also
I want to see how much longer I can go
hoping that we're 45 minutes at 90
minutes is the goal
once again the wife has outdone here for
a download a YouTube videos and watching
old ones I had downloaded so this
workout it's no view or cut off because
it will call you everybody down last
night
how's it gonna add the gym to myself
you know everything is I do hold pink
tennis shoes oh it's so cute little pink
outfits table beside home blue because
that is that kind of morning I just
rolled it up and got to the gym high up
to level 10 77 minutes with
689 calories almost two miles
there she formats finished off a little
okay
in the neighborhood I see little tiny
fried our burgers but 850 calories 90
minutes
still empty
gonna do some weights brains motor first
you know from the front okay I have a
belly fresh air but we're gonna fry
don't mind so much cuz I have a like a
littler my waist goes in still like
bottle but from the side trouble area
like chocolates water so fast
I'm so scared from this angle
who favoriting um am i sweating probably
it's a murder Jim you guys look what
came in finally I got the iPhone x10
whatever I'm kind of nervous because
I've heard of mixed reviews but ordered
this so long ago chewing it a try aim I
have to go to Verizon to get them to
help me but it's here yeah it's here I
think I like it I think I can get used
to it for sure my nail tech had one of
these and she like as a suspect
the trunk news has arrived
once again I gotta eat this quick little
girl go I was like putting stuff away
and here we cannot walk away from the
door he's like Trish adds music like
creepy scrambled egg whites and thanks
maybe but the more you do eat or
something I feel like you do start
craving it rather than all showered and
everything wash my face so I've been
actually craving egg whites a vegan
because I have tried a few days this
bacon is just the best like if this
place is busier won't take post me
orders I just skipped breakfast and just
the rice cakes closed just baked in a so
mom young guy my dad just got my hair
done I'm packin relapsed
mmm on a vacation haven't told you which
I'm going in your for yet but I think
once you find out you're really what you
know big weird I'm not gonna like the
weird nor going across country for
something very weird but I cannot be
more excited about it I can't be done
it's gonna be reveal hopefully the one
will be a disaster who knows
so good though
I'll thank so much so so good
hmm I guess I'm actually like loving yes
I know how people think like oh Bacon's
not healthy for you I get where you're
coming from from me I try on the days
where I don't see people my mom's coming
over so we might have carpets Nate but
the dates I don't see people are days I
don't you - eating show
I really do try to UM do low carb so
that's how I start the morning and if I
go off it I go off it I get it and it
doesn't really it it kind of has like
not a good effect but it's not other
than eating like the yolk and bread and
the pancakes you gonna mean like I get
what you're saying but for me it's like
I don't know it fuels my body and like a
good way and take I have a lot of
errands they do have to run today like
not stressful one just like waxing and
bank and oh yeah ask my Bellamy hair and
pick up the hair extensions because they
were supposed to 70 I don't think
they're gonna come in time and I need
them burn literally tonight so I just
how much errands and I knew feel for the
day so I don't get tired these pills
there's like little loose white things
in there you can see you know focus but
it's weird well great Molly looks like
more bytes of this I'll be on our way
we're driving new Corvette soon very sad
about that I love my like it's just a
good like day-to-day car you know I like
the G but just slow me down I don't mean
this in like a weird way or whatever but
you know people recognize it and like
stand by it and stuff wanna make out for
those GM in a place and come in which is
like totally fine but shame I kind of
rushing around but I gotta have to be in
and out of places I don't know it sounds
like so stupid but like it's actually
and it's actually so interesting to be
in this car because no one really looks
like pink would be a joke I don't think
you can even know until like you're in
it you just get stares upon stares
people stop into English which I like
look I do like attention but all the
time is a lot yeah people honkin
it's time to have a carbon at blokey I
know that like I know that's the thing
oh it's not flashes huh okey are you
kidding
but when I say that I'm a la people
white for wreck it's not that uncommon
especially in LA so I get when people
are saying but a lot more low-key trust
yesterday's vlog mr. Dilk say about
who's buying a new car but a I'm pouring
the footage and like 40 minutes long but
there you know you guys don't find long
vlogs but I know if I sit there in the
Edit but they're like really long bout
of silence like sometimes I like have a
camera still rolling in it's like 10
minutes of nothing so I do have to look
for that because I just don't remember I
try to be good at like cutting where I
want to stop so I kind of can go through
it quicker but I still mm-hmm I'm still
ready for my date I'll have a comfy
little like Abercrombie sweatpants get
on guys
finished so pretty I love my car um the
big teller was so cool so he was like
the super cute guy he's one of those
that like I'm in West Hollywood so he
could have been gay because that's
obviously a lot of guys watching to
become gay but he also look like very
like math very like straight and I can't
like Wolfgang or look straight we good I
think he on my channel and you're not
politically correct and you're not
triggered easily you know what I mean
but um you anyways he was like super
cute whatever dude professional and then
as I laugh he didn't marry me whatever
and he's like you're hilarious by the
way it was like thank you like first of
all can we just acknowledge first of all
first of all yeah
that's my baby you know what I don't
have kids I don't have a husband but I
do have a beautiful sexy my bad yeah I
cannot wait to do a car tour of this car
freeways it's so cool because it's
American made it has like really cool
technology like apple carplay and stuff
I'd like to show with you guys I want to
like refresh video for it out I love
seeing you guys out look like that made
my day
I gotta be like you're hilarious by the
way
you know it's so cool lately like every
time I go out I need somebody that
watched me videos and it's just it's
just the coolest feeling that people
watch and support it it really is I
don't know how to say it
we're going to Beverly Hills you know
and I've like that and I've gotta be
blogging much in this part other than
when I'm like stopped like this just
because I don't want to put my G has
like a like a tripod thing here that's
kind of ugly I just don't want to ugly
thigh this cars which isn't supposed to
be like a casual date a car you know so
much better I get my hair washed
oh another little pro tip life pack when
I'm feeling down or depressed or gross
so be sure here why should you get a
going out oh good gotta stop by Bellamy
and get my eyebrows waxed in a month
coming over I wrote back
or New York yes girl Zoe Pony today
lovely to selfie with my pony and I was
so confused what she meant
I think you mean your ponytail on your
hair I thought you might like a pony as
like oh so now you have on vlog on
camera literally two months ready yeah
what fish would you be at the orifice
Nemo or my fish that died this year
mermaid your Betty was yeah three years
survivor he was a rescue fish that a
girl died from a heroin overdose that I
took things in my freezer still because
waiting for the barrel we gotta have a
bearing shocked at what she's have told
me I'm like okay she's also a joyful
blonde with her shampoo because I love
that what is all of the long life blonde
like you wasn't gonna Ulta I'm out of it
by the way so Christmas present idea and
the mask it's amazing I was really good
I ran out so that's why I've been coming
here to get my hair washed because I ran
out of shampoo so I've been coming to
get my hair washed out but now we're
fixing these because they work gold and
now we're making you the white bands a
little band sorry I'm doing this bad
angle just cuz you're so high up there
so I'm always going like this oh by the
double change it's not no I do it too on
myself but it looks I always have like
whiskers - it's like welcome so bad
the future good job
anybody's at your cuz I'm seeing if you
were like this we can't be good and
happy with you hey come here
okay yeah yeah this is
do the flips it makes lads I was like so
gross so he's only so pretty I know I'm
like I'm literally like that mean course
I can be they're homeless or like ready
for red carpet never in between anything
but with sunglasses and some freshly
washed hair looking good cousin Katie's
drunk driving over the water going to my
car on the front oh it was like sneak
over there but favorite Christmas trip
though he was me on so some the
montage Beverly Hills Kim bucks so
pretty great got you for Christmas
and while the valet was getting away I
think next door it says gone so Amy back
in four minutes
it is really busy day for Arizona she
was just thinkin not pretty
oh there's some so sparkly there's
someone in there like paparazzi style
right now
yeah
of course now I have all the tire shop
open I'm so annoyed I always go in there
and I finally remember
before I left I love us Brady on it
literally I was just hoping the girls
the brightest want
like permanent foundations like eyelash
extensions but for your foundation you
know anything on it and losing you agree
come on laughs it's like natural for me
but like I mean I'm having a couple like
without I mean yeah it's obviously one
always looks really oily and greasy but
hey wait for my car yo
that convertible now with the clean air
so I don't look so ratchet driving this
car Beverly Hills I love this car I
thought it was actually me like a lot
more low-key than it is but people love
it a thumbs up guys to this time
Pinkus is like oh wow pink guys like
I mean we're thank me Melanie is so cute
ah the new graveyard girl I love that
this everyone I wear it all the time
there are wigs so pretty that's what the
follow me baby father's a very new yorky
things
I'm gonna keep that that's new def
Cameron Natalie a movie in the bright
red really the cutest roll more like
half these little stations in my house
so yeah where's Keith I think he Minds
me out of the 24 I have 124 right here
so I'm gonna be mixing this like bread
it's a great rub with the blonde very
Christina Ricci and I just spoke the
owner of felony and she's like oh Trish
is so active and work so here's what I
need some Chanel inherence like the og
just come up
and they sent those to me I saw those in
their blog yesterday and the little like
donkeys it's like the feather they like
feather it out got it
they are so sweet there I love them you
know I've worked with a lot of companies
and I don't really like even get
sponsored by them I mean they do they're
very sweet and they like different hair
I've won a ton of hair extensions myself
from them like even back in the day I
would like Y them but they're always
just so sweet and nice like I just I
love them in their summer hassle
sometimes with companies its hassles but
it's always like sweet it's always clean
and I was so inspired I'm super excited
show you guys the look I'm going to be
doing with these the bags are so cute if
you love it
birthday party that disaster spread back
to my car I parked in an end but really
a lot of part that this is my valet
losing you where she's all packed this
is my suitcase
hey no how did you pad so I not seeing
it you hang it I I was just so much a
pack I kept my computer is my charger as
my tickets my clothes my shoes my shower
stop packing it's literally the worst
thing ever but that's mine that's hers
no see how it goes I still have some
packing to do
and I'm ordering to Starbucks so that I
am it in the fridge for 2 a.m. it's only
7:00 p.m. but we're real tired cuz we
have to be a super duper early is I just
wanted you to say good night
her say at night tea twice you know this
is a version I can't even face for years
well I'm too tired so I have never done
that and all the years that I know you
know eye cream look my hands on how
rough they are oh they're yours oh but
your your colleges are all right dad
calluses is just my skin is peeling I
don't know why
no but the this part of your hand is
rough but this part is soft that's off
this is rough I know my fingers are all
peeling what's the problem maybe the
water at work look feel that I need to
work once there was healing cream don't
get all people oh you're not one I'm
forgetful but I'm forgetful I put them
in in between my coals why would I do
them tomorrow dear you already PD no no
she's my princess then guest of the
night in the
love Trish's day enough for now uh you
have to add at my edit pack a little
more figure out my sex toys assign my
mama's putting my finger and this one
cool like holiday gift it's for guys but
I need my finger to test it out and you
know I can see where guys would buy that
at all I would buy it if it was like
he'd never need a girl or guy
maybe that's why guys don't even want
girls anymore they got their own no that
that was so intense my mom I'm like this
feels like a wet you know why I was like
I've seen that look and a hustler years
back but wasn't that cool yeah this is
like a suction cup yeah I know back in
the day you had to like manually do it
like hold it and stuff into something a
lot of work yeah but that event would be
a big seller so sexy holiday gift guide
coming soon
my mom's making the lingerie pin here
cut down on rapes and stuff hey we need
that right now
you guys get a toy right don't rate
don't touch people that don't want to be
touched my mother all right I just want
to say night-night lock and I know I
gotta sleep too
anyways um guys and host daughter and
their Birkhead it is no I'm obsessed and
I don't even know what you're seeing you
probably look pissed I am so exhausted
you guys what is that it's the time is
only six of you guys it's not even 7:00
o'clock fully yet can you see I'm so
exhausted and the fact that I should be
up at 2 a.m. my hair look there's that
I'm hot I'm sweating we're ending up at
pant soon yeah I got at this blackness
so hoping I can edit you know what I
don't know how long this is gonna be I
could almost probably edit this vlog
tonight upload it tonight and set it to
unlisted sorry the Christmas lights are
making it out of focus I could maybe
unlisted and then push a public tomorrow
but this is going up late so I want this
to go up maybe one with me and I don't
know if for some reason I don't post
this weekend I will double up the vlogs
when I get home um the only reason I
don't think if I couldn't post is if I
show like the hotel or I say what we're
doing the next day I'm just trying to
think so I don't know anyway I figured
out I'm gonna try my best to you don't
continue with the vlog myth maybe I
won't show the hotel until we leave only
I mean it's like I don't really care if
people know where we're staying but I'll
just never know I was watching some
times and I'd probably just wait and do
that the last day where New York and
upload that then when we're back like a
hotel room tour or something but other
than that I'll try my best to vlog miss
my mom goes to bed early as you guys
know so I'll probably have time to edit
while she sleeps
my brows on fleek but I love you guys so
much and I'm trying my best to keep up
with the vlogmas
I get a little bit behind on my videos
I'm just I'm trying my best so if I if I
miss a day just know the next day or two
videos um or at least I'll do my best
but um I love you guys I'm glad you're
joining vlogmas that means the world to
me that's all that matters
and also be trades very soon until next
time
miss Penelope hmm
