hey it's the next day cheers bad mmm I
love this hotel so so much I decide to
say you know the drink and I'm having
tequila and orange juice which I never
haven't even like tequila but I just
like feeling it like I'm feeling this
well I figured since I'm like going back
to the recording studio today um it's in
Hollywood so I said cable and I suppose
from the night they spend the night and
then tomorrow I have a meeting with
stylehaul so I'm like they're right here
too so I was like why not just stay in
hotel get your drink on get your chill
on my little friend lives down the
street - so he's coming to see me and
I'm so excited mm-hmm
I myself really was drunk I was really
strong drink some snapchatting you guys
I'm sound I'm like a weird to stop
travel like where's my phone I'm like
the weirdest snack batter you guys can
follow me on snapchat
Trisha on YT YouTube um I have no on
smack really try not to about to get all
the way down there but I just posted
like we Ross an absolute shame a story
let me show you my jewelry yeah so
here's one oh that was not so if you
want to see awesome snaps like that
follow me Trisha on YouTube oh hello I
don't even know what I'm showing you
I've been opening your eyes it snaps -
it's like so much easier to like I don't
know snaps easy okay I just go here and
I open up Alexis je sorry for spam I
just really love you I just really love
you - I need to go away I feel hip and
young a little birthday bitch a bitch
tell ya I'm just doing that way just
chillin me and live life so there your
life oh I feel like I want to do a video
about my weave I forgot my shirt you
guys I have like two shirts packed
because I didn't know which one I wanted
to wear for tomorrow and I forgot both
of them so I think I'm just going with
this is my jeans in my wedges tomorrow
so both laugh okay
Go Go juice now go go to suck and go go
