hey i'm in my car i got my grandma's
cookies I don't know what I want to eat
that I'm gonna go on my second shooter
today so we just finished shooting my
hover shoot and it was Cinderella theme
when I don't really blog actually I'm
tight or outside in it mmm video
Cinderella shoot looks beautiful and now
we're gonna go mmm
to this hotel in what I would call the
London and we're gonna go shoot a poster
from my house like it's a terma it's a
canvas piece for my house but I think
I'm gonna get into merge like phone
cases just someone as like a phone case
I think it's gonna be cool so just kind
of a fun shoot but I kind of wanted it
for my house like a big campus cuz I
look like huge pictures on myself
everywhere so I'm really excited about
that
my friend Isaiah is shooting he's in in
front of me bow on him um but yeah let's
just show you all I'm stopped here I'll
show them what we work and wind the way
though dink love a male spa I'm so
excited for this dump today has not been
any easier than any of the other days
it's one thing after the other the
location my video has gone up like um
price-wise this like nothing's going up
nothing on bad day it's all good
whatever um and just have all that off
my Trish's life channel has two strikes
against it so annoying
I got a mom I got an email style home my
network they are really helpful at
removing strikes cos I can't post now
until it was gonna be March with Keith
and I only have like I put these all up
so the acceptable go up every day so I
have like three more scheduled as I'm
now filming so it three more will go up
but then I want to be like I can't
upload anything new so I gotta do
actually I should make a note of that -
I'm driving
but it's okay it's a fun day because
we've been shooting we ordered pizza cuz
I had to use pizza as a prop and of
course I had to use Domino's Oh was it
shit wow this battery really does die
quick by the way real quick cuz you're
and Diane I want to show you more of the
day but um we can't really see but see
that Sony Studios right here on
Washington and in C in same was where I
got my first T job on the great band
show when I was 18 I did six episodes
with the Great Bear show Greg was on my
channel declare Greg was on my channel
um I don't like back when I was in New
York and he's been one of my friends
spreader and it all started here that's
where I got my after which inevitably
turned into after sex egg after um so
yeah it's like really cool and like
installed it to be in this area cuz I
remember coming here I was 18 no money
so broke up really afford gas to get
here and it's up back here back oh we
started and the Trader Joe's out there
so we're gonna go and I want to save a
little bit of juice or the hotel so I'm
like doesn't matter that I just felt a
text message come through but this guy
you guys is you order some MIT that
should get that go see you guys at the
shoot this is the London and West
Hollywood there's the view room with a
view
and there's our other balcony over there
and there's the bedrooms is just like a
quick look on the fly hotel room tour
this is the bedroom this is the living
room that's the dining room that's the
entryway you guys real quick I wanna
show you guys the coolest bathroom I've
ever seen in my life which is this one I
want this bathroom in my house like
really like how cool is this 72 that I
do you guys a quick could happen to her
like you can let go kiss yourself while
you shower because I'm sure everybody
wants to do that - its oxide this is so
cool I wouldn't lie clip here Isaiah
showing me a little trick okay milk in
the bowl okay so you're gonna look into
the bowl but you're gonna get down very
close to the bowl I will it's not that
kind of trick not a prank where you in
the maze without just a little bit yeah
okay so you get really close to the ball
and you look down at yourself as a bowl
is this chair gonna flip over um
maybe see here can we see all right so
here we go this is invisible so you can
look down into the bowl uh-huh just
straight over you need to be directly
over the bowl okay and then stand up a
little higher than a little higher then
you're going to take your finger and put
it by your cheek and you're going to
poke it poke like pretend you're going
to poke yourself looking into the bowl
so like point your finger into the bowl
and poke yourself in the face yeah can
you I'm so confused
wait okay so you're gonna take your
finger like right here and you're gonna
oh can you feel it poking back at you I
mean that's it is that weird I'm kinda
how are you yeah you have to be right
over it look right down I'm poking in it
yeah I see interesting I'm coming in
like it almost comes in all you can
always poke yourself in the eye
oh yeah oh shit that is kind of tricky
on the triple here we go okay here
Senate over I'm me see sorry okay so
here we stand up like where I am and
then just reach in poke is it'll take
your fingers coming oh yeah yeah what
you see it more when you go up Oh Harry
it's like it's coming out of the ball
shoe that's weird
yeah that's really difficult go street
art theme yeah it's like I'm just gonna
poke my ball what I think it's yeah that
was a really good the chairs can I flip
on me or the bull you're gonna hit the
bull's face like that well you know I
love it so we just finished filming it
is like you under your little videos
like oh yeah he's like the Lighting's
perfect there's I see em back there he
has allergies I see a achoo achoo fuck
is amazing but he's been a trooper and
I'm really feeling my hair and makeup
today so I'm like let's do another one
let's shear over here so there is he's
been literally shooting my booty this
was not part of our original shoot but
that's how I could I could put a picture
in the bedroom I could put your picture
in the living room there is Isaiah mr.
Mays back there he
the most amazing person I've ever met in
my whole life and we're talking about
good times it's good energy good times I
was telling me to charge my battery pack
well Inez let the rap here at the London
we were saying we don't know why I
thought London I don't know why it's
called London it's not in London it's
not pictures of London restaurant was
run by Gordon Ramsay yeah right
it makes no sense I'm gonna look it up I
feel really weird we're all looking at
this guy
they don't even know they don't even
know they did shot there but it was a
cool location mr. Mays told me about it
so I'm glad we came here and shot so
that's a wrap
hopefully we'll have some cool photos to
show you guys soon they're incredible
I'm so proud of em it's I'm really super
happy this one is absolutely fucking
amazing
no I say fuck fuck fuck whore come slut
yay Wow that done that word - you're
gonna love him I'm really excited I
can't wait for you guys to see me follow
him on Instagram and I amazing though
you never post I never boast I want to
look perfect especially he was crazy
like Bay's imperfections burger go over
here sorry
think anymore I don't drink I have a
drink in like six over six years McLean
lean button quell machine baby lovely
he's psychotic right now I think I was
born to just fall into a cornucopia of
juice and veggies and all content you
know medicinal plant disgusting taste he
you know he's one disgusting thing in
there no it's it's great uh I like I
think we've already said but I haven't
dropped that vide head drop that video
down yet but on my channel yo-yo you
know I'm saying but it's all about like
once you get on the other side of
something that you change or do or two
whatever you later you can look back
like oh oh yeah I cut it there's a
difference you can see like maybe all
right now I want to like keep doing this
sir you know what I mean and um so I
kept going for you know kept doing you
maybe or maybe not you you we'd known
each other what three years
okay so like I've got pictures and I
thought I've showed you pictures like
seven years ago ten years yeah ago and I
looked older than that I do it as I'm
sure I was not sure he was heavier and
me his honor well I just maybe showed
you the better picture of you and God as
fuck back in the day you was fucking
fine just okay now yeah you're like um
like I said I'm 64 you know hello you
look great for 64 baby yeah
no I don't know I get on that we can do
that for another day but no the coffee
it just kind of like yeah you're like
intense right now I'm a night person
yeah
hey hey Navarre I'm like the opposite
I'm like a morning person I like texted
he text me like 1:00 in the morning and
I text him I like 7:00 in the morning
when I wake up I'm like hey I got it and
I don't have room yeah I just uh a lot
you feel like everything shuts down the
world shuts down and then all of a
sudden you can kind of start sometimes I
go out I'm ready for the traffic I'm
ready for the people I'm ready for the
hustle and the bustle and then sometimes
you go out and I'm just like and it's
like yeah yeah and it's what I like ah I
just would have moved to Boise er and I
mean I'm not calling in the country can
I get back to my roots still anyways
that's enough while your friend a
because we've logged so much channel
unique are these cameras it's so cool
because you just do it Canon Vixia I
agree maybe one of those cameras I'm
just not as busy your channel come on
laughs that your lips are going down Oh
worse than any of em big you want your
lips big mama I like this
okay so we're mini girls is going on
Church is live avi the main channel is
gonna be if you want to tell your story
with of me and then that could be a
major channels IDEO this is Trish's life
so mmm well see I feel like the main
channel story we talked a little bit
about it I feel like he's still
embarrassed about it so what our story
our story from the beginning from the
beginning
it's not a big deal you're making it
like a big fake deal it's not big deal
to me it's a big deal for Cael
it's cringe-worthy a child or like
orange and I think about it so I think
they didn't really want to hear the
story because yo cringe Subic knees
really I don't think so it's gradual
really God don't start that drama just
kidding it's no drama but it's funny oh
as really things coming out so anyways l
she has the pictures in bit and now I'm
going to bed and kills going home that's
what we do professional work well I'm
actually not going to get a betterment
go home and probably do a little work
myself you know you guys are lucky I
wish I was you oh yeah look at him ahh
we'll see you soon
