hey guys so today has been a very
stressful day and a really awful day and
it's not gonna get any better because
I'm taking mommy over here she'll I post
out close that what is that what what
huh post up today tell me what to do
before research but they said I wasn't
good right
no I have cancer left so it's not
getting any better as we has been it's
so hard so my mom looks pretty though I
didn't away every day
yeah my sister is gonna come too and now
my brother's didn't come but okay
my mom said she'd come by herself but
we're like literally the stressful week
ever but make it through my Bubbe's link
and of course my mom is just so positive
I like here stressing over something up
that night important like right
important you can't cry rest your makeup
oh it doesn't matter we make up with
shit I'm like I gotta get my eyebrows
waxed have to get spring I mean I like
so much to do that's not what I'm crying
well by the way but there's so much to
do I feel this week and then my mom over
here she's gotta get fuckin surgery
nothing can just be easy but that is
life but I'm hot - my mom's like it's
old time I can put fucking fuck no I
thought my mom did you tell me got a car
accident here you said that on your
channel
my mom's been a car accident not her
fault but her doors like busted so that
was a thing but if you gentlemen got a
new bike I know definitely that woman
called me again trying to get me a bike
tomorrow because I guess the Chinese New
Year she can't get the snow off skis and
for like another like couple weeks so
she's like I can get you that other bike
or the one that we saw
you know I was like I almost was like
okay but doesn't like I can just wait oh
my god and then my Elvis outfit those
are gonna take like three months
something I cannot wait that long as I
know I gotta find someone else do the
Elvis costume me is this kind of like
little stuff when you think about it but
it's just I always like I'm just doing
everything like by myself I know I have
people that are supposed to be working
with me for me
they don't hardly do anything and it's
always up to me to get everything done
I'm like why are you even why are we
been working together like I'm beyond
stress it's okay we find everything to
work out right yeah yeah yeah you're
crossing
now on always
where you already to have either buggin
no you never your camera oh my god and I
lost my camera I don't know where it is
it's so I literally destroyed my room
looking for it and it's nowhere to be
found an identikit out of my house I
feel like my mom smuggled it out in her
face like purpose I feel like you know
you have all those bags because there's
no way you have those shopping bags you
remember which one yeah like three
shopping bags at one day yeah but nuts
no I mean I do blame people live and I'm
I usually find in America my entire our
own hobo fine and I mean I have other
cameras but anyways I figured vlogs were
just like the chill on our way in but
hopefully find us on a llama and I do
need something in my stomach or to call
me now
and add it up in two minutes we'll go
back down there Seminole I'm underwear
well it was right a they have drinks all
right let's go do that just feel a
little uneasy see ya soon there is a
saying when it rains it pours and this
week has just been a really really hard
week in the grand scheme of things you
know in terms of life and death and
cancer you know my problems are minimal
but I've always had this you know your
problems are still they still not quite
sure of the proper words I'm looking for
it they still matter they still hold a
weight just because your problems may
not be as significant in the grand
scheme of life as others don't discount
them don't don't like you know diminish
what they are because we have we all
have our problems in our struggle in the
life that we are living in that day it
could be worse it could be worse for all
of us but that doesn't make your
problems any less insignificant you know
what I mean any less significant I
suppose but I just I couldn't hold it
together this morning and I felt
I felt so bad because my mom's battling
cancer and I just hate everything that
could go wrong this morning went wrong
just in every aspect like and I just
couldn't hold it together because I feel
in my life I'm so alone at most the time
I don't mind it
I've gotten this far on my own and I you
know I can I can manage but being
completely alone in the sense that you
do everything for yourself I know that
sounds weird I don't know how to explain
it right most normal people in this we
don't have a support system or people
but I can help them it's I don't they
don't have that and I don't complain
about them
I guess I'm complaining now and because
it just feels like the way in the world
is on my shoulders sometimes I try so
hard to get things done and accomplished
in my personal life my professional life
like career-wise I just don't want to do
so much and then I feel like I'm falling
apart sometimes because once one thing
sounds on like one thing falls apart
sisters unravel and like everything
starts unraveling and that's what has
been happening these past few days as
things are just all unraveling and I
can't get it to come back okay I'm
and it was a lot this morning it wasn't
just one aspect it wasn't like you know
my music or a music video or my books
they would think that's all one thing
and then so that was starting to fall
apart everything and I couldn't get it
together and I had deadlines to me and I
have shoots to do and see everyone
coordinated is extremely hard and then
other things were starting to unravel
with me personally with just health-wise
and I just
there's a lot of things are happening
and to be honest you financial stuff
shoo
I think you know I know people write
like well these are money on this and
this is like yes I did but that was
before a light hit me there are just
some things in life that you are not
prepared for and so it's all just kind
of hitting me at once I guess and that's
what's overwhelming usually something
hits me like that you deal with it with
me work if it doesn't work it wasn't
meant to be that's not got time but once
like one thing after the other just like
it does not come together you just start
I just get the self-doubt and I rarely
doubt myself I am rarely doubt myself
but once everything starts falling apart
my trust year
this is just all too much to forget you
along
and I don't know what to do about it
because I'm also very a micromanager
where everything I want to be
it's like has to be is very specific
and it's just really difficult to keep
it all together both literally speaking
and mentally keeping it all together
because I am about to crack
I just me I just need this week to be
over I think I think it'll help a lot
because just over did you just take a
mental break for a minute
because I've had so much going on
there's so much going on you don't want
to be honest I just need March to
provide x because today we found out
that my mom has to get her a mastectomy
which is her breasts taken off and I
think what's the most frustrating about
it is that it's that I can't do anything
about it that's what's frustrating to me
like I can't pee and we get go away or I
can't pay to like tavern not go through
that I could just see the sadness in my
mom's eyes and and here's the thing too
you know cuz I started they said they
don't know if they have to start keep up
they don't know I mean that stuff done I
will just no more when we take the
breasts out and have it examined I just
see the my fear and my mom's Isaac
because my mom is so strong so to see
her kind of just fake okay you know
taking it but like almost like almost
fighting back tears like you not like
this my mom saw has quite a visual
higher as me make it out like okay like
you just how she's holding it back and
it broke so just be in the hospital firm
I had a couple days and oh my gosh I'm
like I'm like literally going to record
my songs now because I just have to get
this done I mean there's just it has to
get done I guess she's trying to just
push through everything and
this is a hard balancing act and then
the other thing too is when I can't stop
to go with my mom to her appointments
and not everyone thought my mom's like
don't cancel anything but I can't sleep
because I wanted to because I want to be
there because if I was going through
this stuff I sure as heck would not want
to be alone when I'm hearing all this
news happen
you know when I cancel things I don't
think people I'm kind of guilty of this
joy I think when you tell someone you
know because this is the second time I
cancelled I had a lunch meeting and I
cancelled again but the first time I had
a cancel just because I was booked on an
actual paying job that I had to take and
then this how I can't look at a marriage
and of wait a minute when I told him at
that way my mom found out she was
getting subject or appointments you know
I don't I don't know if people quite
understand the gravity the situation
less they bit in there
people are very sweet understanding
don't get me wrong they're not like oh
you bet I don't know I just
I don't know
I'll just apply a lot taken everything
I just love my mom so much she doesn't
wanna do a 13 um you know Oh what I was
gonna speak to about the vanity of it
yeah I mean you poop you know my mom's
like I don't silly for me to like be
upset oh we're not having a boob said
mom you know I get it you know if the
entity is just that it's vanity it's
it's vain to hear about the entity for
sure but it's so I've always preached
this when I talk about confidence - how
you look is so important - how you feel
and I just I know when I get it so I
know I renounce all going through
obviously cancer she's like you didn't
think twice about getting a breast
before obviously just do it
try the way I can't do it for two to
three weeks which i think is very odd
right two or three weeks like that's a
little really long time so what each
sucks like wait around until you get
your boob hanging off it's bizarre I
don't know
it is just been so good
whereas a breaking point but honestly
I'm like praying every minute of the day
like when I get alone with my thoughts
in my huh look I got please just take it
on over
anyways I have gum which is gonna relax
me but I made every other noise so I'm
gonna shut you off and after looking
over like they've seen me talking hey
guys I will talk to you soon I'm gonna
kill hamster has having one of these
meltdowns and Kyle hasn't slight about
him that makes me feel a little more
carefree I test Sarah my kid is just
terrible and he texting something
awesome like guys good take a prog
pickup
that like Gollum back in this DP ow
John Dylan will they take care of
parking boys taking care of parking you
see my lineup shell ah greasy but god I
just booked an amazing makeup artist for
my shoot on Saturday the other one
canceled on me it will last a minute so
I booked an even better one so so stoked
about it
so yeah are you ready to record have a
uniboob we usually do like five hundred
eyes I thought we were going I like the
pizza come on give me fries I like to
feel it from my nice warm thighs I like
to put your hand confirm me like that
and find a little fat and baby yeah so
good so good can I show you the ticket
cash in the ticket yeah these are
Canadian easily inject actually just
make that up
this is made in Canada I guess I'm in
Canada yep it's our secret of Jews to
keep the session flowing it's so good
now this is like crack it's better do
you know what poutine is yeah it's
better than even poutine and I love
Canadian oh good almost we have just a
smokin part to go we codify the chorus
mm-hmm and we got the bass line as
possible in repetition now time for some
spoken word what
