the big that is still there everyone for
those who wants to know I felt like this
big sit right here so fucking annoying
my sister said to me yesterday she I
come out of the shower shoot oh my god
what's on your forehead I'm like don't
anyways I'm still getting used to this
here I'm here with Cal who told me it
looks nice but I'm still hating that I
literally feel like I look like a Barbie
I said you said it look nice yeah yeah I
was being nice because I was like does
it I feel like it was looking fake and I
just it's hard for me to get used to but
I think what they have makeup on like
you said it's really a bad day you just
you're psyching overthinking it let you
thinking what's underneath it and let
the overall parents it looks great it's
wonderful yeah it's been a really bad
day so I'm here with Cal now and we're
ordering food but I loved it you guys
when he everything disorders would not
have someone order food with so he
showed me this place called the nosh but
I thought it sounded like weird so I
gave him the app he doesn't know what
eyes are ordering Burgers and Fries he's
eating drinking beacuse this is calendar
nutshell healthy on Instagram Burgers
and Fries real deal it's actually am
drinking it I know no he didn't have
that open we were just you know the
beaches um oh and the hair it's been a
bad day but we know what that wasn't it
was it
I'm on this day it's been awful and it's
rainy I just feel like today's not a
good day oh yeah
he didn't know about grab every 24 you
guys like I can do that like Christmas
arts not know about that I'm totally
surprised I'm gonna have to use this now
it's the amazing thing ever so uh do you
have to hook it up to your paper or what
what do you you don't have to I have my
hookup so it's really easy like my
sister from Adele no not hook it up to
your bank account why PayPal why did we
do we have to have like just another
layer we put your bacon formation into
an app that's true I'm oh so much safer
like you can get your money back like if
someone screws you over you get your
mate paper I'm like the advocate for you
oh she would sponsor my videos I love
PayPal like everything PayPal well the
reason I say that
because even if you put your credit card
in your banks your your your money is
protected this FDIC so even if it did
they did take money and steal money or
whatever or just like on your credit
card or your out of your bank the bank
suppose by law they'll know they'll
refund it I guess is just thing like for
me and I want to put my banking
information like yeah I guess in theory
you could price they'll protect it but I
don't know I feel like it's more a
personal guess so I don't know I'm a big
baby out fan I love PayPal so I use it
for everything button really yeah
alright did you find something better
than the nosh nosh not to be whatever
but it kind of sounds a little what's
the word for Jewish like kosher and I
don't like kosher food what it tastes
really you think it's bland
yeah like matzo ball soup wait I love
Jewish man you guys you know I love it I
actually get the food that is not some
Jewish or you know no I guess like
Jerry's deli is like a Jewish deli but
it's still good so I get I I'm down a
try if you're now if you really want it
yeah I'm down it's actually one of the
spots around in this area that does
deliver that does have organic coffee
that's the other part to coffee times
better I know right you need a coffee
you just need some some food in you some
nutrient I haven't eaten all day am i
starving I'm still hungry
but we're also casting girls and casting
casting her for Jersey couch like some
sleazy guy on a couch yeah I'm kidding
he's super he's actually the opposite of
me I'm like let's see their boobs I'm
like I just want to see like their boobs
they're like bodies I mean we need to
see more oh by the way this will be the
last little note here for a minute
public service announcement to all my
fellow actresses in LA you guys only
better headshots like right wait I know
it was a little like surprising to look
up one girl's on her own actors access
yeah it literally was like this dated
ridiculous bad photos even though even
the the color of it was was horrible
then we went to Facebook yeah and it was
like it was
stunning she's like playmate she's like
you know fucking like lingerie with nice
lighting like my dad what are you
thinking it we can tell you some of the
other girls something okay maybe they
just take really bad pictures and are
posting terrible pictures on actors
access like not saying they take bad
pictures they're just posting the wrong
ones but then we try to look up other
people they're not on there so I'm like
everyone needs Instagram I'm gonna need
Twitter everyone needs Facebook and I
really needs good fucking pictures and
if you're gonna be applying to be a sexy
stripper girl like show that body even
me when I was like auditioning for stuff
I would have bikini ones on there like I
just wanted them to see my body so they
knew what they were getting but I don't
know man
so so yeah we're casting we found the
good ones so there are some good ones on
there but some of y'all we are casting
on the couch okay tell sexy body he's
just trying so low
yeah you showed a little skin right
there look at that Oh for you what yeah
your stories I've got my uh my my
channel it's got a couple of blocks
loaded there that are gonna talk about
not really like Who I am where I come
from you did yeah I've got one or two
that oh but I'm waiting on my channel
set setting up and all that stuff it's
been a pain in the arse I feel like it's
not hard to think like I'll help you
with I feel like it should not be that
difficult I feel you just changed my
dear that you hi no I hope my brother
start his who just started his like two
weeks ago yeah but you know the other
part of it is this and maybe everybody
can help me out there what am i right I
just got out of the shower I look or uh
like um you know how can I not look half
decent I mean you're always what no what
what up what I've got swirling is this
and maybe you can help me with this like
my Instagram is Kells illa I about a
year or so ago Mike health flowers
whatever that got deleted so I can't get
that and it would like to everything
sync up but the Kells illa so that's why
because L is on the Instagram I don't
think that I honestly my youtube is
blonde enough for MJ but you're changing
it are you not
I am I'm trying to change it I am trying
to change it it's a little more work
than I thought but at the end of the day
it didn't really hurt me is what I'm
saying I know and I who knows if I'll
ever be good as you know popular issue
so what I'm all I'm doing is just
considering all these oh wait you wanted
to all because kill Zola I don't know
you can oh my god no no even if your
emails one thing and your name one thing
on I can show you that's so easy you can
change the name of it on YouTube you can
change your name on YouTube I know I
know okay I think there's more that
you're not behind me but you don't want
people to know you know everybody
I mean I'm um I'm bbm back in the day
when I read your grass burger bass purse
like what kind of name is kill flowers
assigned a real name now I don't worry
anymore but they used to like make fun
of your name but um I don't know we'll
figure it out but by the time this was
up I'm sure your videos will already be
up so I'm sure like if it's not that's
not a good sign but I'm sure it's
already gonna be amended by the HEVC
that's cuz this will go up in like a
week and a half so we gonna have that's
like on delay yeah so but I think it's
gonna be I think you should stick with
Kelso I think you like that I think
that's your thing
yeah I think so I think part of it is
that my I change you know a lot and I
want to always change for the better
yeah better bigger me you know I mean
yeah a bigger life and and I think that
that kind of thought it's it's like Cal
is a healthy on one side and then Zillah
kind of smacks yeah that's actually
really I like it I personally can okay
thank you
laughs you're like sweet but back to you
and tomorrow night going back in to
record more so my god you guys and I oh
my god these songs are so I'm so excited
about it I'm so excited right that's
such a bad day that I can't even like
pretend to be excited about anything I
know you guys cheering up on this you
don't say excited about the song Sam by
the time this comes out it's gonna be
like you're gonna have like going
through so many like major like
explosive fun things
oh no I mean right now I feel like I'm
on a roller coaster I'm always up and
then I'm down and
and then I'm done but I'm excited to
record I love recording I love PE I saw
him in a vlog not Chilango and sometimes
go back he's going in to record tomorrow
night your third song and then you're
going in gonna stick you and hopefully
cause we got the shoot on Saturday I
know and if you can somehow squeeze in
the force for song then that will be
we're not late Wednesday because I'm
gonna be over at the Beverly Hills Hotel
shooting my album cover but that's gonna
be later you're doing out in the valley
we're now it's at the Beverly Hills
Hotel well do it I don't care get her
done get her done okay okay what are we
gonna order food I'll show you guys what
we order but I'm like really hungry
right now wasn't gonna order I'm gonna
wear some birdseed yeah
like for real probably I'm a vegan
online yeah that's so cute no I'm so I'm
so hungry I'm so hungry I might pass out
what is that thing it is like I'm not a
doctor I just play one on TV but I don't
know it's doctor I do say that I'm like
I'm at a horror I just play one on you
know that's the other part that I'm
gonna do vlogs about some of my course
some homework cuz I said I was a whore
then you said that's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna blog about I was I would ain't
what even loves me Oh shocker that you
never listens to me I'm talking about my
help oh that one's yeah oh I love this
is my tits right up the street creation
he's getting paid to talk about it you
guys that's like a promotion my god
sighs I love there's a lot a lot of
juicer ease around town
yeah fortunately in LA and this I just
stumbled in last week and man I mean
they're like got some frickin exotic
cool ass juices here look at this
immunity liver skin joints pop a relief
Energizer
lunch I thought lover was in there like
you know here's what this one does is
called the enlightened heart
energizing circulations
ize fiber right now hello you know I
mean like things that we don't even
consider and take in with that they're
doing for us you know just we should
read is in Kelly I feel like we've
talked 11 minutes I never blogged this
blog weight-room it's cuz I'm your show
did you like good day LA like will be
your new host oh my god are you playing
what are you playing I'm just trying to
cheer you up
oh thank you this is literally gonna be
the Carolyn Trisha show it's like gonna
be an hour along a variety show all
right even order we should probably
order but you can look here this go out
of ten trail mix it's I can't even play
is the so out of tune this thing is else
gonna do an album next you guys just FYI
just FYI and this is a preview of what's
gonna be I don't know anyone want to
sing I'm scared to sing because I gotta
see what that is
you got plague just pretty looks like I
don't know why my first video gets
flagged because I sang like one like
three words of one song it's it's not
that can't be there anything and there's
no background music even sing happy
birthday on without a sync license on
YouTube you know I mean yeah but when
it's like little no music it's different
because I I can't what you're saying but
they wouldn't have liked you because one
no ones you can subscribe to your
channel yet so it's like then I'm gonna
flag you for a song they don't know you
know there's no will look at it I'll
look at it with you but I think there's
somebody back there it's so weird what
is that right there what is that it's
like sticking straight up did you see my
fingers pointing that's Rhonda do you
think if you're talking to them yeah
we're not responding to me huh what is
that your fingers
I mean look I'm gonna poke around look
at the screen where's my finger pointing
at what is that
well it's pointing at me right now well
look at my screen where my fingers
pointing I could scream right your
fingers point I'm really kinky okay let
your fingers yes look I see you might be
reporting you realize now where's the
pointing at in the screen do you see in
the screen
what's my finger pointing at it's poor
do you get something what is that is
that a chair what is that see what
you're seeing
see I'm quitting okay see right there so
what am i pointing at right next to you
what are you right next to it's not
humming move it oh shit I lost my finger
hold on just like that
it's a chair poor now let's order some
food we got lots of work to do I know
but I'm really like her I'll have to
anything else I gets food in me so I
didn't order from his Jewish place and
get it done we just got our food this is
the big nosh food he got a tuna melt and
fries I got a burger and then we got
onion rings and iced coffees oh my god I
would I show you are you self-conscious
you look so good actually I don't you
ever seen your body for some time say
that you have like a belly but it looks
pretty good it's pretty flat oh you
wanted belly I'm in love bellies on guys
yes but I don't miss skinny shame at
some code unless we can be skinny I
don't like being fat shame so don't
speak look at him it was something that
kind of drink kill Jews oh oh oh no
you're not old you're aged nicely
prettier mature much no I told cos it
made me like ten years we can date but
not now he's way too young but I got a
burger and waffle fries
we got the certs but you know why I
think they may love them huh
I don't think they gave us our cookies
it's got to be in yeah no oh yeah hey
hey this is the cookie I got and then
there's your brow is gonna flip a bit
how does this organic tomato catch it as
long as this is healthy then have rest
of it oh yeah those fries are great and
the brownie this is for him mm-hmm
tora-chan he has a blog we were trying
to top his YouTube but I was so hungry I
couldn't even think anymore so we're
gonna eat and I got my coke yay better
day I'm happier right now we have food
so I'm gonna eat ya
well you don't have to say
