Wow I was literally just talking the
whole time and this wasn't even
recording like I literally was just
talking was making tea like the whole
Wow
oh okay well my hair looks a mess I'm
making a wake tea I just found this I'm
making a wake tea this morning because
Oh update because I just told you this
whole update I let us be awake tea I
just found out I had which is awesome
it's amazing I did not know I had it I
loved it so much
um this helps shorten your period
because today was pushed for my fourth
day of my period went to my last night
with champine and woke up with no blood
on it so having some time to you to make
sure it's all away - zau hot tea I'm
having this plane today mmm I'm kind of
addicted to tea now you know I'm showing
my period successfully I'm sold at you
to tea so mmm
yummy yum yummy yeah guys don't have a
Keurig like highly I had ever come into
Keurig it's sick the best thing ever I
cannot believe I was talking I was
literally talking to you guys probably
five minutes I don't even know what I'm
saying I have some new maintenance but
they're not quite how I want them to be
oh my god Ben yells doing a shit my mom
we've over her cameras actually I'm like
oh my gosh I didn't help if we're not
locking it um um so yeah that's kind of
what today is filming well hair makeup
filming date so I'm gonna hum some
videos for my main channel today and
yeah
Tricia self tanner sunless tanner on my
face oh did I mention I was getting a
big zit my forehead I know I mentioned
that the first time I tried to film that
I can't lean on the burn your lips when
you drink hot tea but anyways guys want
to get ready for the day I really wish
you guys were with me when I was just
talking for 10 minutes literally to
myself wow wow alright cheers guys
here's to a good friend hey everyone
it's Saturday night and I have plans
this is this is a first
I have plans I'm very excited about
plans um yeah normally I'm just like
chillin on a Saturday night um no I look
this is making me look crazy okay I was
cold I did have like a jacket basically
basically I have like no outfit put
together like I kind of okay so you
don't need like have the whole day and
you're like oh I have a whole day to get
ready like I don't even need to start
getting ready like a whole day is just
gonna be like whatever it is like throw
something on and go well mmm
my hair just a comment that was not the
case because I thought oh I'm just like
throw on like pants and go pants were
not fitting me right my hair was not
cooperating like I have a big big zip
right in the moment face and so when
those bumpy ones so it's not necessarily
red but it's noticeable and that's even
more awkward than a red one because it's
like what is that big bump on your
forehead you get hit in the head anyways
yeah so this is like literally a day out
for me getting my new hair and it's like
annoying because anyone knows like right
before getting hair your hair that
you're worse because you've already
waited long enough
too long in fact to get your hair done
except by the time like it humped around
like your hair is literally just at its
worse so I cannot do anything with this
and I just was like not feeling it I
mean like this is the Halloween dress
well Donald it's not like a costume but
it's my um Patrick Bateman dressing at
this point I had a big breakfast this
morning and I just like garlic nothing's
gonna look good on your stomach just
wear a dress so I throw on dresses and
everything looks like so dressy and I
have some literally I think Morneau
concert I don't even know what I'm doing
to be honest I think we're into a
concert I think like a rap show so she
his brother is doing like a rap show and
when his mom came over to film our video
um she came in with Pam and Shane was
there and she's humming about this show
and I got like really excited because
like forever ago me and Shane watched
our she showed me his brothers and
pimply wimps they had these like YouTube
videos and of them rapping I don't know
like anyways long story short um
charissa Shane's mom was like hey like
you you like Chicago really like yes so
um the day is here I'm so happy I'm
still invited you know sometimes like
people is like politely invite you and
then you like never hear about the
actual like plans aware that so I'm
excited that I didn't get ditch and I
think Drew and Pam and I'm look
everybody is coming it's very exciting
but I also get really anxious because I
just am really bad in group even if I my
friends everyone in the group I'm really
bad with groups cuz I feel like oh my
god am I talking too much and am I not
talking a nob you know because you're
not talking enough than they think
something's wrong with you and so I
don't even know can't even see his face
mmm yeah so that's what I'm doing
tonight and I'm so so super stoked and
then tomorrow
no nothing because I really have felt
just so ugly with this hair that I just
like need to get some new hair and like
my stuff taken care of because I hate
like leaving my house when I like feel
ugly but I like overcompensate by
wearing like tights and makeup and you
excited you don't wear makeup some you
sleep like whatever just like my gosh
like literally 500 text messages in a
row that person
I think this guy guy that I see this
like friend of mine I think he's mad at
me I still see him tomorrow and I'm like
anyways this is not I'm not looking good
in this ankle or this dressy she's not
flattering sorry for my annoying
gum-chewing have you made it this far
without you
fucking kidding me sorry for the
annoying gum chewing if you made it this
far in the video you're a tree fish eat
and you are in the right salmon fishing
in the comments below because um I
remember gum tree stolen away at the
same time the stuff is so good I just
don't want to spend out I just really
can't choose between my fishies and my
gum like it just don't be like it's
that's like asking to choose between
your child and your dog I mean I would
choose your child and then public
easement fishies gun held in my hand
punches obviously choose my veggies all
be at this point in time
motorcycle people look so uncomfortable
like you literally have the world's
because still go in between your crotch
it looks like they're riding a giant
dick like no events anyone who drives
motorcycles cuz I know my mom's like
once animal cycle like I don't even know
where that came from all of them but
there's a big bomb it's like so annoy
but she wants a motorcycle and so I'm
like I mean there's reason to come
across shocker right let's literally
have a rocket between your crotch I'm
assuming because she's crazy
that works by the way what I don't oh I
don't know who's long I was watching but
it was a blog where Shane was in it and
he said he hated it shits gray worst
movie ever saw watch I was like excuse
me what like what how are you in friends
like I actually really enjoyed fifty
Shades of Grey
okay I guess I just doesn't have people
like can like hate it like I feel like
you know what it is like what are you
expecting Titanic I mean you know to me
like Star Wars
um yeah go down venice on saturday night
this drop it
cute there's there's something us at the
wit's end
it's witc that was really cute right
okay I think i'ma let me at this point
so still think phone case if I did order
another one
eBay I'm addicted help me I look good
call my syringe addiction who I was
better when I get closer
I am look at that
what is that it's like it's not going to
a head either I'm scared to squeeze it
all dimensions of it okay guys I'm gonna
drive oh my god they're the penis
all right there outside the floor okay
so we made it - oh wow this lighting
though okay so we made it to the valley
and this luck oh my god are you what is
that so high right now on water what is
it exactly
promotion I mean you can tell you're
hardcore in a smoking low that's soul
heart into it like it's evening looks
like I'm puffing up an Apple TV remote I
kind of look for it though drew get a
hit I'm feeling dizzy oh the smoke in
there is resorting you guys see what was
out of here man where's the scientist
lazier
Oh vapor bar yeah it's like so thick in
there but IQ so cool in there like I
feel like for like in a half party are
you really sick I feel
I know but like a cool on houses I went
in there like hey everyone you're just
as scary we have up to knee issues that
guy in the white shirt said yourself
what is it like the guy in the wood
yeah she's like he really fucking hot
yeah and no I guess thank your mama
hurting
yeah your mom said I was coming last
week to this guy he's like oh she's
there I'm gonna come so I just drummed
up promotion for this place to come to
vapor bar maybe you'll see me or maybe
some I'm fine or true what we fuckin
wife I cheated my son's way pin take a
huge hit and show them oh my god oh here
we go
I mean actually brave of you I'll do
anything else we're okay oh my god
theory limit so this is vapor bar and
did you burn it almost Oh No yes yes but
no I don't know it's very confusing it's
a family business but it's not
let me see it's this into your brother's
but not your area okay your mom's like
Oh cuz I wouldn't log right sock which
is no joke as like okay comes a paper
bar on what the fuck was that
hi bitch I can water bitch water
together the door store right down the
street when Chelsea can come also
youtube.com click my poop
this is not that bad emotion okay let's
go watching though good smoke for the
first time
like for loot scenario it's also good
yeah a real thing this is the joke let's
go move the automata Anakin wait wait
another dog we can't count in your
people yeah now hey Shane yeah everybody
oh my god the most embarrassing
embarrassing
thanks to Shane his mom she's like
Trisha you should go up there now your
mom only can his brother is super high
I'm walking around there very but no
discipline relationship you really need
to listen this way
like gene Simmons keep the Megan
it's nature without training
protected bang it's nothing back over
back we get your rest one year the
people you don't hear me only hear it
huh there's a reason
oh shit but with an excellent flavor and
what would be one where I remember a lot
of these either
oh my god
I bet Taco Bell and I just saw a
celebrity though talk about celebrities
all people yeah we totally did not order
from the app we should have dammit I
didn't you did oh hey we're gonna pick
up that order I didn't tell them that
you should get free stuff is where icon
honestly I should you would think right
I talked about four lifeguard
do you have one hurt oh fuck about get
on that we are home bathroom and we're
like what you enj is like Taco Bell
that's the job everybody tweet aunt Taco
Bell Andrew I took hard hard yeah
I like that you're happy birthday car
Oh talk about please give me $150 give
up the guy is wearing medical gloves and
that's Shaden writing the our i think
that's good is a verb well those aren't
cooking gloves those are like a
genetical those look like so it nobody
would wear as well as then i mean i'm
glad of it yeah it's game is hairy and
he's super happy smiling at you i think
he knows who you are
he's way like shade oh my gosh is so
exciting hey they really showed that
video to their employees like a training
oh oh no i don't well maybe welcome to
Taco Bell here's our introduction video
mission she doing
oh you're gonna see but I was like I
thinking that you to do one
it is titled become true has a penis and
lazy slash looking KP he doesn't want to
talk about it what oh he doesn't talk
about because have you talked about it
being emphasized I'm gonna be real about
it oh you dead
have you ever shown it because I find it
interesting to see what it looks like
YouTube you kind of can't know but now
you've got voter you can tweet anything
I mean sometimes you say that like am I
really gonna tweet that now Chad it go I
mean really cute on for this year I
really think so okay I won't put it in
are you really going to have that like
he really believed me just want like a
whole conversation what do we talk about
that was so bad
now I'm thinking people gonna treat me
like treat your dick like we won't put
it in well I gotta put it in 3d now we
help skin hey look I have a did you just
notice that I have this huge is it on my
forehead it's a huge way welcome to a
head
it is like a ball one and I don't know
what to do about it huh I'm Monica
because it reminds you like an Indian
person don't I didn't bleep that out
bleep it I'm Native American bleep that
out no belly Indian from India sixteen
no for India I'm a sixth quarter
I was 1/16 board and Native American
record what are you huh your corner
hubby
hello what were a joke tall um shit like
in there
bitch I'm 1/16 and I know Turkey
that's the easiest one she didn't
remember Cherokee you are - no I'm
Choctaw I'm Navajo shout out to the
Choctaw Nation
Stu
