there is no shoe doesn't hurt your feet
me I would think this morning I can't
even think of any Peter painful that's
how you know I'm so tired I look at my
eye it's all good it's all good
I'm going with my mommy the world
support for her biopsy because what
she's getting done today
kind of hurts though I'm making tea
again how do you short my period about
so now have addicted to it just a proper
so I'm gonna check my upload on my
youtube where do you prove finally a
bigger size the last time let's try the
medium copy
this time oh unity cup again why is that
so funny to me to pee in the cup then we
picked up today because I left my tea
cup in my car and 2e0 down so I don't
have an accumulation of cups in my car
by the way I got my hair a little weird
like shell bun look I'm like way off
with my sizes lately okay that's okay
whereas happening this ass is okay it's
just all this time because I scorched
myself with TM way down so helpful we
have it which is plenty because Madhavi
just drop my mommy off there at the
Barbara Court women's Imaging Center or
UCLA health system early nice area down
here
then oh by the way could you come pick
up my mom your house and it's music to
her house shake it meant your house is
like okay so we got that mixed up but
she's in there now getting her
microchip micro flip and salt inertia
and I was like oh god here wait for that
I think seems mere that should be awake
for it but she was scared cause her
boobs still so sore from the mammogram I
have our matching bags I posted on
Instagram I got my funk okay with Tom
Baker's her little Valentino backpack
hey she was stuffing so much into it
like her camera a while I'm a mom you
need a bigger bag so when I went to go
get my leave it got hard one two and we
want a new one so they ship dumb and my
mom just on delay so we have our
matching shapes up I'll show you those
so yeah okay you're gonna just go for a
little walk
it's gonna be about an hour get some
exercise and I wear my sports bra
because I want to workout today like at
the gym and of working out outside like
walking so getting rotten
I also speed up my period or just for
health reasons to be honest
ran whoosh I will shop and pick up
today's watch SNL the 40th 40 years so
funny that the Californians in the book
lie people and it's like to my favorites
kids are nothing else I was like so
funny like yeah I took we'll start down
the pika
and the 5 was this like so Khurana and
the Marina del lat
it was like honey um and then a dance
waiters on there
Oh Sheila showed you in the sketch Big
Damn buh-bye buh-bye
um it's chilly out here there's gonna be
huh today my mom was so scared and
nervous knew my mom scared of the pain
cuz she had a mammogram and her boob was
squished and now they're like she just
like leaned over I guess mine are just
not making they like she said it feels
like corn it stings I guess I guess
she's got this on before I think so I
think today again I don't think it's
like a full-on surgery like hopefully
she doesn't need a flan surgery but I
think it's something like pokin and
proddin and getting in there and how
they're removing stuff I don't really
know but chamber boy my mommy no that's
not alone I feel like if your morals
were like positive people that keep
distracted happy and upbeat and I looked
a good thing so try just distract her
with other things but yeah hopefully she
does well pan problem I love Jesus to
take care of her so um
give me the wrong bathroom
dear
this is the limit
used
I never never tried bees did
my mom was just telling me the story
should have boobies said she was hurting
she's gonna blog about on her channel
but they poked and prodded and took
tissues out and she could feel it I was
like I trying to tell them what you were
doing and I was like I can't remember
exactly but she'll say it on her blog
but my important mommy are you feeling
okay yeah by under your booty no that's
my she said she could feel I'm like
taking out the tissue and numbing pain I
guess but she sells my when she came out
of shake sorry it's a lot of like mom
you just got like protein so I'm gonna
film for her but I have two guys those
fishies those were so cute so that's why
I got again guys I got some and as I
told my mom why my mom's like okay I
never heard that cuz I was reading a
bunch of water to and I was like going
to the exercise thing but she didn't
know about the hot key trick but I told
her it's my periods a lot lighter face I
think it's almost done and I'm supposed
to have a two more days so I think it's
almost done which is quarter now and my
mom are you playing it or not what are
you doing no oh I was gonna show it I
didn't show you what my mom really does
which is plenty like can't what is it
candy crush I come by the bathroom my
mom's on candy crush she's addicted to
it she's like a teenage girl she's
obsessed with it she said it's
therapeutic though so I was like
whatever makes you happy in the waiting
room she's playing yeah I mean look at
my mom a little kid but we're at
swingers my mom's favorite place to get
her breakfast so we're eating breakfast
here whichever with that but that hot
tea eggs and bacon again life is good
