what it okay put that TL so let's make
some tea and I'm like where did I put it
gonna make some mm tea I'm going to the
student yo to baby clothing and the
studio yeah I'm going in the recording
studio today but it's give me some tea
and of course what do you think I am
what do you think I am today what do you
think I am right now oh yeah that's
right I'm running late like what else is
my life and what do I do that I'm always
running late I don't know um by way new
phone case oh yeah
change the phone cases obsesses phone
cases I can't help it um well other
things I'm obsessed with is um just like
tissue my purpose ow okay as I am at
this point I was until I get my new
weave in because like legit it's the
only thing that's like kind of making my
hair what this is not even presentable
not the point so I have a my keep Cup
since I don't have time stop a Starbucks
and make everyone else way more late
check this hot cocoa out that I had last
night because that was so yummy I am
making hot tea there is a reason I
making hot tea not that there has to be
a reason to make a hot tea there never
has to be a reason to make hot tea if
you just want to have tea hold on let me
uh let me get this all going first
nanachat know um so I'm trying to speed
up my period because uh my a gentleman
friend is back in town and so not a
hooker everyone's gonna think oh my gosh
Rizzo girls are shipping up a period to
someone I really wanna bang I'm gonna
this like legit looks like a pickup but
it's so so good and it doesn't even need
any honey or anything and it's like not
only is it good for my voice because I'm
in Brussels or go into recording studio
but it's good to speed up my period so I
think I'm gonna have fascinate like warm
liquids lots of water bath and exercise
will always speed up your period you
didn't really don't care and I feel like
it's always weird to like shorten your
period I guess I didn't clean up ashore
in um
whereas I'm just forgiveness out to go
with me as well all I have our big owner
had one big one left I really wanted
coffee this morning and then I realized
like it's probably not going to help my
already not the best scene was in the
world
Hey and Pete cups are great I guess I
can put a little more on keep tips are
great because they have this linkage it
looks like a pickup but I love it's
called keep cup it's awesome not
sponsored by sought on another youtubers
favorites which maybe really want it so
heck man and
just sip it out of there so I'm actually
going to close that because we're on the
way to go and I'm going to turn it this
off for can be stopped my water got my
tea got my fee issues and we're off to
the recording studio oh my gosh and her
raffiq I hate topic so much and I feel
like I haven't talked to anyone today
good thing I'm vlogging I feel like I
haven't talked to anyone today so if
you're like me boys isn't very warmed up
like I mean what have I been doing with
my life today I don't even know I have
like nothing to talk to anyone I texted
people does that kind maybe look I like
it much I've down that hotkey already
I'm like ready to get this like blood
out of my uterus though
I actually love and letter like crave
hot tea I just like always do it for
like speeding up my metabolism or
relaxing or like or like obviously
getting into my period like that sort of
thing um I just really like I know this
might be like so TMI and like I'm so
sorry if I like to noshing Harpeth that
only I did this morning I think it just
like shower didn't shade so my bad sorry
I don't have a man single right okay um
but I've been so worried lately like
more so than usual and when I say lately
I don't mean to like the past couple
days like the past couple of months I've
just like been craving sex and I don't
weigh just so people like know and like
really don't think I'm like crazy as
like I don't just like I think I'll
through like this misconception that I'm
like randomly hooking up with like a
random guys like always a different one
like it's consistently been the same guy
for the past literally two years of my
life so it's not like I'm just like
randomly being like let's fuck she like
random he won't my fate it's like the
consistency of it I'm like it's
definitely friends with benefits kinda
relation specific I was like your
boyfriend like it's not my boyfriend I'm
like so painfully well aware of that and
I said paint because I like wasn't one
of them probably still am in love with
him beatdown I just don't like myself
believe that because this is what the
situation is and I'm it's like it's like
okay like here's that here's like what's
so kind of confusing and it's fucked up
and I like darkness what you guys
understand because like I barely
understand but
like the Oasis Savior in love with
someone and they just don't feel the
same way and they just want to be like
you know fuck buddies whatever the fuck
like they say ah you know like you
should be in that relationship like
that's obviously not what you want is
just not going to work it's not gonna
change like I totally get that
but at the same time when I don't like
hook up like it's like I feel like I'm
awesome neglecting myself because I like
these ex aspect of it like that's my
favorite part of our relationship and so
it's like why deprive myself if I love
to have zags and while having sex with
him like why deprive myself like that
now having said that if I meet some guy
that I'm like really compatible with
just very very rare that I'm like in
love with that I'm attracted to that I'm
like have fun around like I will like
this guy will be nothing to me like you
know what I mean like I was big dude
like found someone and more sexually
compatible with and and also having said
all that same guy I have gone on dates
and I've dated guys for months at a time
where I don't have it to this guy and I
have sex with them because I think it's
gonna be something more like a
relationship and it just ends up it not
working out for whatever reason and then
I always invite back with him so he's
kind of in my consistent little hook up
for the past up
past couple years so I don't I don't
know I just want to like clear by that
and literally besides time I think I've
had such like Twitter people pasture
years and those were people that like I
like we're date was dating plank on
Center time
so now oh well the one night see a guy
would ended up being another one-night
stand oh sorry the statistic which ended
up being a one other one-night stand now
and I'm sure he's gonna think I'm like
obsessed with him and I kind of like
like like I'm not obsessed with them but
I'm kind of disappears it's so like
ridiculous right is the Crispin Glover
story right so like he was like my
one-night stand right now I get it no it
was a one-night stand like I totally it
was like he was like I like me so many
videos about it because I was like well
he caught and I was like over thinking
every fucking thing when it was
literally just like he wanted to like
fuck basically but like that situation I
definitely misread like in so many ways
but funny story about that update story
and I feel like enough time has passed
once yet again between us hooking up and
this time happening and us even
communicating
I'm profound hooking up with him again
last fucking what was it summer no
whenever the Brittany Murphy story came
out that was the day that was Anaya
hooked up with him again so remember the
one on lifetime about Brittany Murphy
like hair my lip gloss that was when I
hooked up with him again so anybody who
can do that math I don't know I don't
think it was last summer I don't think I
was like that late I want to say maybe
around Halloween time maybe
I don't know The Chronicles of Trish's
sex life but it was the same thing where
he it was so funny that's like what have
you little bastards that watch my videos
not the fishies I love you fish you so
much but one of the little bastards that
like watch my videos to try and destroy
and ruin my life which like there's a
hole there like a little I want to take
a whole army there's like a little army
of like five people who like try and
like bring such a tension of like
companies that work for us I actually
really funny because the companies I
work for or work with I should say for
videos and such they're like yeah well
we got this email from this person they
like really hate you because when they
try and you try to destroy someone's
life in her in their life don't write a
letter that like looks like you just
hate the person you have to be a little
more professional if you're trying to
like destroy their life because if you
just write a saying like this Bagley con
is promoting I won't buy your shit like
they're gonna be like okay clearly the
haters oh just I am if you're trying to
ruin my life that's not the way to go um
so much traffic it's actually kind of
ridiculous I should probably get off but
um so I don't even know where that was
going someone oh yeah one of the little
bastards trying to ruin my life hey
there and the Prius walking hot as shit
though and that Prius like literally I
was looking for a year old like hot dad
like hot hot like even the ones I don't
like dads what thank you Tom hey doing
with my music video next week I'm
looking for a t-shirt JK already got my
teacher and it's someone I've already
clad with so I'm like really excited um
it was yeah yeah oh that I know where we
was the Chrisman's lover talk yeah
someone like tweeted him a video like
trying to really be like this girls
talking shit about you I don't even know
I guess I did see his name in a video ha
I said I remember like if I actually
said who it was but I guess apparently I
did and like tweeted him a video where I
was talking about it I think was a
gold-digger challenge I think I'm at a
private now I can't I don't know like I
don't remember you know what I think I
did private actually yeah cuz like he
attack stood me like it was so random
like I did not even know like he would
like keep my number like I really like
nothing like but he like texted me like
these like three long paragraphs being
like I wish you would have talked to me
about how you felt like I had no idea
you know I think it was but you think
it's weird that you made a video like
kind of like calling me out I don't even
know what's happening with my hair yeah
like kind of calling me out or whatever
any of course she's just like I would
appreciate if you take it down I was
like fuck no I'm not taking it down you
are a fucking asshole blah blah Lonnie
said we were gonna like hang out again
and he's like you know texting and
e-mailing is a two-way street you could
have texted or emailed me and well
that's like the excuse guys always use
is like oh well you could always like
contact me as like bitch you tell me not
to cry you didn't tell me not to contact
him but you don't I mean like whatever
and I didn't know it was Kristin because
I deleted his number after I did like
the Goldacre video because after that
but that point it's kinda like okay like
I'm kind of like over this like this
happened Christmas 2013 like kind of
over it you know I mean and then of
course after our text conversation we no
joke I was on the phone with him for
like 16 hours
he called it like eight o'clock at night
and I think it was like 10 o'clock in
the morning how many so what is that
that's four hours to midnight but yeah
14 hours like legit talking I guess it's
at 16 14 hours and then he's like would
it be weird if he wanted to hang out
it's like after like we were screaming
back and forth at screaming but like it
was such a thing back and forth there
was like another issue like I was trying
to help him with I was like something
else it's like drama I don't want to get
into like some drama thing and then like
I was like trying to help with that and
like trying to talk him through like I
don't know I always am like here's the
thing right
I also went to a school and be like look
like and I tell them this too I'm like I
feel like just my perception I got belly
grooving like you're a little bit
asshole but at the same time when I like
think about it and like I'm like legit
stand still while everyone else is
weeping
cool wow what the heck though okay I
need to get over so hold on guys wow
what the heck is happening though this
is like not normal traffic cuz it's like
legit just 2:30 like no what
there has to be a car that's like
stalled or something okay and thank you
oh yeah there is oh my god look guys
look look look
okay oh my god thank God because I'm oh
thank God because I'm like legit like
it's 2:30 not to be there 3 so I was
like if we're gonna do this whole pace
they're like homegirls not gonna make it
okay how to you down I'm gonna need some
more hot tea tonight so yes I'm going to
the bath tonight um so yeah anyways
whatever like oh I know I was gonna say
like to like Christmas is not gonna like
you're not asshole like he's only me or
anything you know I mean I just think
he's like a guy that like bangs a lot of
chicks and like and you know I think
girls of course like we as girls should
get a more emotional more cash like 2ne1
we have sex with like you know we just
think like I don't know maybe it's just
me I'm just like fucked up or whatever
but like I think he's just a guy there's
a lot of these guys along with it just
like bucks girls thanks they're cool
just fucking him he's cool just fucking
them it gets kind of like whatever like
we like Dom he's a great talker a great
listener and a great cuddler and if you
love that about him and I think even um
I don't even remember what but I think
he's even like I don't know what he said
he's like well you could have been like
nice there's a big I was like I can make
a video being like you have a huge
fuckin penis and you're amazing at sex
it's like yeah that's what you should
have been saying so I think I know
enough time has passed I'm not really
worried of course you saw that video I'm
not like I don't give it a shake as you
guys know on my piss bucket channel I
don't really give a shit who watches my
videos who sees them if I'm talking
about something I don't give a fuck like
if it is something look I'm and just
give you guys a little bit of advice
like if something is real and something
is your truth in life like you fucking
own that and you fucking say yeah I mean
obviously if you're like spitting lies
and spit just like slanderous things
about people I mean negative things like
you stop don't do that but
you know on your truth on whatever's the
deal and like yeah just get with it like
that little boy in a Mustang why is
always a young guys or Mustangs like you
know they're like I have some money
because like that's a pretty nice
Mustang but you're like you know it's
like kind of douchey I don't know my
suggesting so now I must stay on her so
I don't even know where I'm going with
this guy's I should have a lot of tea
so I'm feeling very zen now I got a lot
of water yes I want to UM get rid of
this period which is the whole back full
circle I want to get rid of period has
sex uh Kristin covers minute sex okay um
the guy I'm seeing now is also an actor
and I definitely don't to say his name
because actually actors tend to get a
little mad at me people entertainment
get a lot of mad at me when I'm starts
spewing stuff on the Internet
here's my vehicle both celebrities stop
fucking youtubers who share their whole
entire life with their viewers how about
that shit and if you are fucking them be
very sweet to them and I simply have
nothing but nice things to say we have a
movie coming out
and all honesty no there's like a huge
semi-truck next to me oh hi was he like
smoking in the Bandit right like the
chapter is like looking down to see the
girls like I'm looking down at their
shirts are the things I don't even know
like I honestly have no idea what my
hair is right now it's like religion a
rat sounds like it's like worse never
been um so yes yes yes yes yes okay cool
so yeah oh yeah the guy I'm talking I
was like really fucking good at sex like
fucking the best fucking lay ever I've
ever had in my life um but yeah I mean
sometimes like sometimes if the sax is
good and the dick is good like you just
put up with them being dicks no pun
intended like you just put up with a big
assholes you're like whatever sex is
fucking bomb like looks access fucking
natural it's like if you're safe and
cautious like you not spread and shit
you're not getting shit in you like its
natural its natural it's fun it's a good
adult entertainment and it's free it's
the best in her team and actually
because it's broken free and I don't
know how like I'm just a very sexual
person and like lately I've been
thinking a lot about sex and all my
great sexual conquest and Louise and I
just found out I think I talked about it
probably too much for like someone my
age buddy though like I actually enjoy
sex more now than when I was like 19
I don't know what it is come in to my
womanhood okay anyways guys I I don't
want to like run this battery down so
I'm going to see you guys in the studios
- oh maybe I don't know I judge take you
guys into the actual fucking studio so
I'm gonna like record something in there
I don't know what it is but something
we're doing all of us today rock that's
not Elvis hey office why does the master
doesn't matter no okay guys very cool
then now let's be like naked
oh my god first of all this is what's
happening right now this is this kind of
studio I go into lights are down there
is a fucking mattress in the back and I
win we guys know kale but P hi everybody
this is my like magician right here this
is the guy that's helped me with all my
music so far he's fucking brilliant
I'm honored I'm somewhat say this
sorcerer the sorcerer hey I like it and
he calls me a goddess which I feel is
kind of fetish he you know because
there's like a goddess and a slave I
feel like it's a little fight a few but
I love it hmm I'm into truth truth bombs
truth bombs well no I feel like I don't
Pete and me are like soul mates because
we're both Hungarian mishegoss you know
yeah there you go I love it and we um he
thinks I'm a great singer so we're like
meant to be because no one thinks I am
except for yeah he's like Trish you
rocked it you nailed it even if I suck
and I love it so positive vibes I always
oh what I said you were great you know
it oh god I came over here no Kiehl's
like you want to vlog I'm like no I'm
good like I don't want to make it
awkward and then Cammie blogging so I
totally jacked his style so I will show
you the real tour of the studio course
yeah yeah yeah well you should show us
Pete just to look at it just kidding
yeah I like because he's like attractive
a lot of studio engineers are like not
and it makes me not want to like sing or
perform but for him I need to impress
him
oh wow here it is fucking the mattress
and the Jones
I could take my panties off right now
and throw at you that was fucking hotter
than anything yeah this is so cool and
he's an actual musician so there you go
thanks Pete for being in my why on an
approval ooh look how tall he is
mmm I love him so much so um wait what
is this place called Beyond LA studio
Lam le audio lab all it audio labs if
you guys want to record a song and you
don't think you're that great of singer
this guy can make you like sound amazing
he uses the best at everything um so
yeah that's it and then Cal do you have
anything else to say I love you all and
it's gonna be amazing it's uh I don't
know what else that was wrong you're
supposed to promote your YouTube channel
someone's like do you have anything else
channel YouTube Pete mills music you do
not one really not yo YouTube music one
all right we got the collaborate yeah
YouTube channel
I've been vlogging this whole time black
people's music one download that oh yeah
because of PC but I like it oh yeah if
you can Australia like constant normals
like hey girl what's up it's like a
punch in the face yeah like what's up
huh mmm I love the word oh come on come
on mmm jump okay so you know what
officially you you can not even think
that right so you can start off right
the three verses in this so all you do
is that this and that and then the very
end is what we do is the satisfy satisfy
me baby boom okay satisfy moves just
stop singing that is family very good
okay so there we go
pretty simple last request yeah
little less conversation a little more
action please all this aggravation ain't
satisfaction in pain a little more about
a little less bark a little less fat a
little more spa close your mouth and
open up y'all heart
maybe satisfy me satisfy me baby we just
wrapped two songs in the can complete
feat done and I'm so so stoked about it
so there are two more songs on my EP
that um we have to finish up and there
are my two original songs so I don't
know that's going to be more work or
less or I mean we pretty much have bases
of it down so now we're just um you know
I'm going back in fine-tuning everything
making sure it's EP is so amazing for
you guys I'm having so much fun I'm so
stoked
and I hope you guys love it I hope you
guys buy the album or the album by the
songs on top so I can keep creating and
making awesome music for you guys like
I'm just so fucking excited about it and
I'm so excited I get to create it and
I'm so excited I creating it for you
guys night guys hopefully we'll enjoy it
cause that's the true testament if we
did a good job or not is if y'all enjoy
it so I'm so starving I have like
literally not eaten all day
so me and cow are going to swingers in
Hollywood cause Cal's blogging now it's
so weird to have a friend that well I
mean it will shame vlogs I guess but
like Shane's like og blogger so it's
like weird to have like a protege
vlogger meeting like someone who's
blogging cuz like I push them to so I
always feel like I like a problem mom a
little bit like oh my god looking you
know like I don't know it looks just so
cool to see and he's like he's doing
such a good job with it and makes so
proud of him and I don't know I don't I
just like I love like exposing people to
something that makes me happy
YouTube has made me happy it's brought
me so many awesome opportunities so I'm
all about promoting everybody in my life
with it or people I don't know or people
I just know through the internet like
I'm just all about it I'm so all about
the love and spreading love and sharing
love and I'm so excited about this
element I'm so excited about kale and
I'm so excited about life and I'm so
excited as you guys I'm
like really really pumped right now and
life is like really really good you know
I'm safe prepares every day for my mom I
feel like her health is gonna just be
better after the surgery and the cancer
is just gonna be cleaned out of her
movie so excited if she gets to go in
remission and there's no more cancer in
her body I'm like a zipper now that'd be
amazing so everything's just going to be
good I'm putting all this positive
energy and vibes I don't talk bad anyone
anymore I just I don't I not even off
camera on camera nothing I just want to
just do positive vibes put positivity
and love out there because I really do
believe and I know it's true that when
you put it out there you get it back ten
times whatever it is love hate
positivity negativity it all comes back
to you whatever you put out there so I
hope you guys will as well just putting
love out there and if you have a comment
that is nasty or hateful or it's gonna
just put a bad vibe out there just don't
do it because it's just going to come
back to you ten times and that's not
good once you're either put out
something good and positive and happy
then that way you get that ten times
back yes that's definitely I would do so
I'm really excited for you guys to hear
oh my gosh um yeah so yeah I'm like
starving this lights up moving okay here
we go so uh see ya see guys okay guys I
got another tea that's just time kale
that I'm trying to speed up my period
ice cream I'll just speed with it
chamomile tea at swingers and we're here
by the way
that booth behind me is working served
they filmed the intro of swingers so oh
yeah I'm sorry sorry you're like so
we're filming here or never filming
you're eating here and I got some tees
speeded up I got some breakfast food got
kale that's inside of the kale for
dinner dessert true it's romack he was
just saying like everyone saying train
I'm are figures I'm like well everyone
loves train trains classic buddy and
Killians like you like it's no
comparison oh really
oh so Stoops yeah we just that we're
just chillin here I'm super excited so
there's the school at the pool like
picture right there actually we should
walk in good
because you tell them about what one is
psychotic in Hollywood
that's what you're saying behind us
anything else out here question I think
probably fun Wikipedia Paulina
well wiki and let you know better bacon
baby peony I'm always up for a B&E bacon
and eggs my gonna know that's it
