ooh red-light district out oh yeah
selfie though oh yes oh my god like
selfie though selfie hard can this just
be like the filter of my life
oh so anyway I think we're gonna girl
date night guys
rude you guys consumers some windows
turn on all the lights of this car much
I think that's all we're gonna get oh my
gosh you guys I am so nervous I feel
like I'm going I'm going on date i I
gosh I was getting bad reception at my
house I like the worst reception ever
all right um so anyways that was
actually not her that was GG cuz we was
like trying to book we're selling
booking the vacation like we booked the
main parts about where we're still doing
it but uh never really go out was a date
but I guess I just wanted GG yesterday
but um or with my mom and my sister but
I am hanging out with a kind of first
time friend tonight but like I also feel
like at the date she's super pretty and
I like really put effort into myself
there's no if I hang out with like Shane
or my mom or you know GG of a friend of
myself - I don't know like pretty girls
I like proper I kind of think I'm only
kind of lesbian actually because like I
feel like I put more effort when I hang
out with my girls like I really want to
impress them and I think that at the end
of the day girls dress up for other
girls you don't I mean they give it here
dating boyfriend and you're like
completely straight like you dress to
impress of course yourself but to let
you present the girls like guys don't
know Valentino's are on your shoes or
Louie Vuitton is in your bag you know to
me and like Eddie at the end of the day
we eat oats dress for other girls but
like I was like I even did not say um no
but I like I even palm
eyelashes you guys can see for her I'm
like went all out for Miss Chinon I'm so
excited
so she you did Rose is a youtuber I have
literally been watching since like she
started like pretty much since she
started so I if so weird things I saw an
article on her and it's like iBooks is a
numerous times of course I won't get
into
I sent an article about like a movie
they were she was like trying to do or
something like that
like I guess long long story short she's
I didn't do the movie like just it's
like not even a choice anymore so I
don't you should've spotted her I'd like
that but she started this movie thing
he's not article is like talking about
she's like beauty blogger and she was
like so pretty and I was like so
interested and then I found out she was
like an ex-porn star start talking about
battle on our channel so then she just
started evolving into like daily vlogs
and implants but now I am like obsessed
obsessed with her like unhealthy
obsessed with her and her fiance like I
watched them legit everyday and I go
back and like watch old flog so there's
like I'm like crazy I'm just like I know
everyone are like I was like girl like I
feel like I know you like I feel like
I'm up to date on your life like we're
gonna pick up where your vlog left off
today we're gonna see what's happening
in the world of Shannon I'm really
excited I really do feel like I'm going
on like this girl day and I'm gonna pick
her up I'm so excited cuz she does not
live in LA she lives up north and
California she should have a car and she
only Mo's can drop me off check like
high school and shows if you you know
I'll she was then we can like guide
together wonder like where we were like
if one of it you know do something we're
going bowling she's vegan so we're going
to a vegan restaurant which should be
very interesting but then I think we're
going so we're gonna like drive together
as a girl that's like oh my girl I'll
come pick you up but then I thought oh
my god that's like so creepy especially
cuz I kinda the obsessed what I feel
like oh and then also - after that movie
thing okay yeah that's right so I did a
video about it then check hey girl like
thanks for doing like a video I mean
that was so cool of you like whatever
and then she's like I think they see me
like walking around and like she's live
out near me she's in like our area like
I always see walking I'm always walking
in my neighborhood so like I was I going
on yeah that's probably me and we just
like never really hung out because like
I didn't really know her videos her like
blogging oh my gosh it really is a
really telling you charge the battery
pack right now is it really is it really
oh my goodness okay I'm gonna shut it
off because Shannon is gonna get come in
the car and I'm gonna have to like vlog
oh my gosh I'm so mad like I literally
just change this battery pack okay okay
okay to be continued okay guys I made it
to my dad saying I had a girl date and
we are eating vegan because Shannon is a
vegan so we went to veggie grill which
does have a sign but there it is
you guys Aleutians eating vegan isn't
your first time eating something - yes I
think I got the vegan chocolate because
of you and that's and I was like kind of
I kind of thought I liked them and I'm
like no I hate and they're terrible but
I got this what Shannon said is like not
very healthy but I'm like of course like
I would get something not how they cut
it twice good and I wanted you to get
something that like tasted good career
first like vegan meat I'm excited it's
just she seventies like chicken I like
checking out instead plus I know I like
fries so I feel like that will be good
plus I got to show you guys something
that Shannon taught me we did you put in
the oh yeah cap she got me a present
look here's a book oh my gosh I know so
much about her like we just share so
much the same past here in LA like
saying friends same thing so interesting
so you guys need to get this book it's
amazing so alright I'm gonna try this
and I'll let you know how it goes and
she's also vlogging so you can watch
like to be continued vlogs and I'll link
her below
he's a drug battery pack but oh I know
it's so annoying but she has the same
camera as Nisa won't like share it by
the way I ate more than you by the way
like you was not like your sandwich oh I
probably didn't like it at all cuz I was
like what she doesn't know I love it
okay what did you like it it like you
didn't like it I did it's just talking
too much there's a Judas plugin does
like oh my gosh we need to block this I
mean I think that's like the most
exciting thing trust me there's been way
more exciting cancers been talking about
than a slug but now I was like really
exciting
I wish oh my gosh I can't even say but I
wish I could describe this conversation
where you just had like insane
it's like I'm finding out so much I
fucking love her so much so we've
literally been here like two hours and
she has like so much dig so much I saw
this plug when I moved here booked so
that way this leg wouldn't get on the
fucking ground
oh yeah do you want mine no it's okay no
you don't wanna shut it off I've been
doing increments it'll like check it up
again our girl it was an epic fail right
there because literally that was the
scariest thing ever
Wow and if there's a thing called a
raping that just happened 300 times -
Shannon no I did it knowing shit I was
really very I was really scared for her
and I'm really scared for us right now
well I feel like the camera like they'll
think we're talking to someone on skype
or something so okay so now what are we
gonna do okay guru dive didn't fall no
we're not Oh like bottled it like a car
no I he was hearing aq I did a video of
Shannon and like literally everyone's
just like staring at her in the
background go watch on her blog and I
you're scaring me Nigel I gotta run now
we're like in a horror movie for real
okay yes we're trying you're happy it's
not really dark about a fucking light on
us like watch that falls in their
struggle of the Safi earlier second time
trying okay big lips and get closer to
the front yeah
join this fight no like for real let me
show you how many we've taken Holly
they're hilarious they're so bad like
literally other than like doing we
literally try like 50 of them god we
can't get one good one yeah what the
fuck why can't I get it I'm gonna look
like a frickin like I'm on crack cocaine
I see how money I can't say I think I
look for maybe one more every sorry this
is the last one I promise we never see
her she said out of town so like never
here Kelly make sure at all
we tried to go bowling it was a fail but
alas dropping her off that girl day has
come to an end and it's very sad cuz I
lost you more than anything so I was
like oh my gosh but whatever and then up
good we got our picture taken my battery
hasn't died which is shocking but it's
probably die soon anyway
oh my gosh it was so fun I feel like
like for obviously best friends now go
check out her channel and I'll see you
guys wait a full so and we've words I
never thought I would say guys I'm here
I'm doing a whole video about this on my
main channel my hair has never been more
fucked up than it is now and it's all
I'm kinda like you know act like it's
not I'm in here is not like terrible or
like a you know like I'm not trying to
acknowledge and like fool everybody that
like my hair is perfect um
because like any obviously and I'll take
far from perfect literally worst ever
been it's more of the things like I
don't acknowledge it because it's like
it's like detrimental to a girl
self-esteem her hair and if your hair
sparked up these you'll find out but I'm
getting full we've really soon and I see
people really pretty full here whether
it's real work extensions or whatever
I'm just like fuck my hair so fuck I'm
so mad for summary reasons on that fact
okay don't reason I kind of like got
hard if I sell this to us like I was
looking at like pictures we took and
even in my ponytail it sticks straight
up it's really really it's really
embarrassing cuz it's like it makes it
look like I'm like you know like not
taking care of my hair which is not
really the case because doing such a
good job with my hair nose growing and
it took two and a half years to grow out
from the first time it was damaged and I
guess what in literally one night it's
all damaged again and it's a soloist
you know just stylist faults it stylist
I don't know how to do bleach or they
think they know we don't which is fine
it's like you like it's gonna be holding
on I'm a channel
I don't love it gets like a negative one
because I just like a finite so I don't
want to like make it a negative about my
hair but I like started a depressive
aunt pictures only you got old pictures
or old videos and I like oh my god like
maybe there's name of battery this
battery always make early guys and she
even has the same camera as me no matter
you're just like always I is and I'm
like okay cuz like I always feel like
almost something else Kermie
I was I got always she gave me my
battery and I'm like so annoying
cuz it actually lasted like for a home I
ate like we had to cut it short because
um the bowling alley went to like I
don't know really what I film cuz like
where she was only on her that's why I'm
on my channel but um it was like kind of
creepy I know I said in mind that like I
wanted like scenarios you know but they
wouldn't work for real like I guess cuz
like I was behind her so like usually
it's like a girl like if you're walking
and you get like stairs you usually
don't notice like someone has to be with
you to like to tell you like oh you say
monetary oh no I never notice because
like usually they like gawk at you like
after you want by so but Shannon
obviously I noticed it more because like
I was walking behind her and so like
everybody was like oh my god I was like
I was like scared for her like I was
starting to prepare and she's like so
like you know NYC tiny almost something
you're hot and Matheson car as a girl
like I have a really offending me when I
say you're so tiny like I always mean
that as like a compliment then I think
of in Reverse like oh my god you're like
bigger than I thought like that would be
an insult I don't know like fuck that
way I don't think about like calling
someone tiny as an insult no no like no
not like that's like not an insult she
wasn't inside would be like it's like
you look anorexic she's saying people on
her channel like color that like first
of all she does not like anorexic she's
like so fucking beautiful she's tiny but
she just looks like a tiny girl it just
has a tiny frame to me like that's just
like it couldn't imagine her with like
you know I feel like when she's pregnant
she's gonna boil people like a little
like beach ball look just a really cute
little pregnant belly um literally the
nicest nicest girl so fucking genuine
sweet and I said this on her and I
haven't semi-wet like she wasn't even
she did she didn't know like she wasn't
like expecting a blog or anything cuz I
told her I was a camera looking at you
oh it's just like she oh I told that's a
Gary Tucker on my blog is just oh your
mommy isn't oh yeah we can look looks
like awkward sure though no I will see
like that's like cool like whatever you
know cuz I don't know like I love
meeting like friends on YouTube swing
her that's us and YouTube friends are
the best friends because like they got
it like what in your camera and pop look
and like filming a slug like I did
tonight dinner like it's not awkward cuz
I get it you know to me like that like
can that for sure
it's fun I have fun doing it and it's
like I have so much fun with her and you
almost never get to do it
I know when I'm like hangouts like other
my teach front side like sometimes
forget I know but then it with any like
only I want to share this because I want
to share with you guys cuz they're just
like fun people you to bring some of the
funnest people you'll ever meet some of
them some of our the worst people who
ever meet - but anyways it wasn't really
really funny I'm glad I went I have this
thing it's like social almost like
social suicide social anxiety social
like what are you - sabotage that might
be a social sabotage I think as I had
like this is so bad what
it was a blue look at what that was like
I have a social shadow it's hot sabotage
where it's like not because like I don't
want to go on have fun it's more of like
um I'm such a homebody and I guess I
guess it's kind of kind of laziness to
where if I'm home like oh once I'm home
and I'm like tired
I like all the like cancel playoffs cuz
I they just don't want to like get dress
and like leave the house but I'm so glad
I did it has nothing to do with anyone
I'm hanging out with like it doesn't
matter if you'd like my best friend my
family might might you know just matter
who you are but it's like to get me the
house sometimes is like oh my god like
I'm just like I can't leave my house and
just gonna cancel because it's like I
just wanna save a house but I'm so glad
I didn't see last night's so fucking
loud I didn't either that's nice
I guess I'm gonna guys member with me on
there's a story in there oh oh my I look
completely just all the but just take
this off married had water broke in here
was broken hairs thing uh for those who
hate me or hate my hair I hate that I
bleach or hate that I'm blonde or hate
that I'm an idiot or hate that whatever
I'm four-year against whatever it was my
feet before I like see you guys will be
happy to know I broke up my hair great
whatever and you know I I don't this is
like going back to the hair didn't it I
don't need unsolicited hair by hair
advice my way it was just shave it or
you should have died a brown or we're
way I am doing something to help it grow
and to make it look nice and emit myself
happy and I think that's the most
important thing and I don't need
unsolicited advice so while I'm talking
to you and sharing
you guys with my struggle I am telling
you right now as someone who also loves
you as I tell my family I tell them this
it's I don't need unsolicited advice
because I didn't make my own decisions
I'm an adult's like clearly I know
probably dye my hair is gonna make it
healthier clearly I know I could wear
big clearly I know I could say that I
mean I know all my little options you
don't just make decisions overnight on
what you want to do or try and figure
out what can make you happy so love you
but don't I don't need on or want any
hair advice at the moment what I do need
and want air buys I ask and I would ask
you or I'd ask the professionals who
ever need to ask anyways I don't know
I'm kind of like annoyed because um even
just looking at pictures because I
haven't heard a point helm in a selfie I
took tonight on look you could say can't
me or just like like that's they have to
worry about like I know people were like
having like a fit over my fucking ruse
I'm like well this means my hair is
growing like I love my roots roots to me
simplify growth I like when people with
anorexia like overcome it and they start
gaining weight it's like to them that's
like a sign of victory because they're
able to overcome their eating disorder
it's the best analogy oh and then like
looking at books to read I have Sheena's
book it's my purse you know I have to go
shop that hallway later anyway so I go
get it but Shannon I love you more than
life itself
Shannon's so freakin smart so frickin
sweet I think he said this in
yesterday's vlog with Caleb I remember
correctly there are so few people in my
life that I find interesting that I want
to be around that I need to be around
that like inspire me that motivate me as
I've got older I found a lot more people
who do that and Shannon is one those
people she enriches you and lightens you
and powers you motivates you just by
being around just by being herself I
love that about her she's amazing and so
much fun it's just I got very sweet very
nice
beautiful of course but like you can
just tell she's her beauty on the
outside like those only she passed by
her beauty on the inside and I know
that's like fucking cheesy as shit but I
meet a lot of people that may seem nice
or think you know the cool but you get
that gut instinct that there mmm there
may be something wrong with that maybe
they aren't but I'm more of a paranoid
person who's like there's probably
something off about that I think that I
want a lot of people maybe it's wrong
half the time but with a lot of people I
don't feel that and Sharons once before
I just feel like this girl is just the
real deal genuine I really love her I
wanted to say something else I kind of
on a different note I think tomorrow
recording again Thursday my mom is
having her surgery
ready meaning saturday concert Sunday's
an off day and then Monday I'm getting
my hair done
then Wednesday's my album shoot and then
Saturday is my music video shoot so the
crazy wig week um right there which is
gonna be crazy
economic overwhelm thinking about the UM
the weeks I have I love being the Dean I
love doing huge project it's my
everything but um I like think you buy
overwhelmed with you Oh class she was
old iron never felt better
honestly I'm like so oh my god it's so
funny as a as a kid I always remember
you can't speak everyone but I always
remember I was a kid like I hate him 20
bad like 100 chef but I'm like the hated
it I can never fall asleep
it was awful I don't like force myself
to sleep but now when you're like become
an adult or just like dad I don't know
what it is it's just the best the world
um I was looking money I had a girl date
uh-huh I honestly think I could be a
lesbian if I liked having sex the girls
I think that's the only thing that stops
me from dating girls cuz girl are like
wouldn't you meet the right ones or like
the bass they give you such a cool
feeling you just feel so like inspired
by them to be a better female yourself
guys don't inspire me that way I guess I
mean I find a guy that inspires me like
that I don't know I'm like fucking crazy
we're talking about the weirdest shit
right now
and that's told me what's up laughing
okay I should probably like every
whisper marry me tomorrow
I always loved the screenshots from
Trish's life is literally the worst
degree talk to me ever and people love
to tweet them to me
just tell me how I look and I'm like
they won't even say hello and those
treat me like the worst for Jack be like
or those means passing like it look how
beautiful you are like McQueen it's like
literally me or like fucking five Chan's
like derp her face um different note she
wears her my tonight is my haters so
you're gonna want to heat and yeah I
kind of do and like I know like I like I
understood it for like a minute because
it's like yeah I was like I was a really
big troll in the sunset like I would say
stuff that I said was my own opinions
and I was like stood by it and my act is
completely serious about thinking
certain ways and now that I've said oh I
admit to those patrolling I've taken a
lot of them down that were like very
hurtful and offensive or could be
ignorant if people thought they were
real people still are like oh so saying
that now because people are calling her
out because even if that was the case
let's just say that was the case let's
just say I really thought all those
videos those were my true pinions
and I but I checked them down because
they were like offending people or they
were ignorant why is that bad like
people will hold it against me still
though she's just saying all that I was
trolling now because she's like under
fire for it but will like never forget
that she said it it's like people isn't
the whole point of attacking people so
they can change don't you yell at people
and tell people this is wrong so that
they can change so even if I was that
biggest doesn't say
I guess bigot in a way I was a bigot
that insensitive that ignorant asshole
bitch liked the fact that I took him
down and I'm trying to change and not
saying ignorant things like I feel like
that like you can't give someone a break
for that it's really fucking annoying
like it's really fucking annoying
because I sunshine you know it's like I
can't read comments because people are
still fucking so mean and nasty in
saying like I deserve it I know with my
mom with her cancer there was an I
deserve to hide the cancer or like it's
karma I like the ideas of my mom my mom
deserves ice dancer cuz she had me like
that kind of stuff is fuckin like her
class back and it's like I'm not doing
anything on YouTube never have I done
anything on YouTube to like deserve that
it's not like I'm you know doing hate
crimes and being like hateful even with
my trolling ones I wasn't full of hate
it was playing a good ditzy dumb
ignorant character but it wasn't
spreading hate promoting hate there was
never any negative it was just me like I
don't really get it like what is this
sort of thing it's like but regardless
all that's even change I think even if
you were fucking KKK member and you like
were able to like come around and like
see how ignorant stupid that is um
or those skinheads I knew a reformed
skinhead and he said it's the hardest
fucking thing to live your life because
when you always have to cover up all
your tattoos and stuff but like because
people will judge he's like as soon as
like I have probably said something
happened where like he took off his
sleeves or turned off his shirt or
something and something his neighbor saw
and he's like literally like just ran
out of his neighborhood like runned out
of his neighborhood by these people
because they were so disgusted by him
even he's reformed
yeah I get it like no you know he like
people do bad things and their stuff
that they should be held accountable for
but if someone's trying to change to
make the effort and they're people I
think I'm I mean channel to confuse my
trolling now with trolling then when I
do trolling videos now they're like
meant to be fun they're meant to be
humorous it's very over-the-top satire
sarcastic you know how to be the perfect
woman it's very satire very very
obviously Technic obviously to anyone
with half a brain
it's the ones it's the ones that are
where I'm saying these are my real
opinions real thoughts and like holding
and saying it with 100% conviction you
know I mean I don't know I feel like
okay like delirious I feel like I'm like
literally talking and I'm staring at
Donny Osmond holding me and all of a
sudden I started thinking about us like
getting married and having babies and
had this like weird room sequence in my
head which made me think like okay it's
high time to shut this camera off and
let go to bed cuz like I'm actually
getting delirious so I don't even
talking about science was rant Shannon
my love you think he was like wonderful
girl day I'm gonna have sweet wet dreams
thinking about you creepy but I love you
guys so much thank you for watching as
always I wanted to give you my kisses
and hugs in love and I wanna say hi to
Rick Moranis
every time he'll my kisses
