morning everyone today I woke up and I
was like so exhausted from yesterday by
the way there was the gold play button
over there I didn't even show you guys
this yet uh hello there was the gold
play but actually next to my corner
magazine I was on like a long time ago
and then so cool so cool
oh hello as my reflection in the mirror
um no I was so cool I got it yesterday
it felt so awesome as the coolest
achievement award that I have ever ever
gotten in my life
nope I've gotten many awards in my life
but that right there is the cool I don't
know where I'm going with it it's so
heavy like so happy like way heavier
than all to like it's really really
heavy so I don't know where I'm gonna go
with it and then once I figure out were
moving with it I could just on a wall
like it's gonna be so hard to hang I'm
gonna need someone to like you know get
one most stud finders so like it kinda
you know I don't know I don't know
anything um it's it's cool I love it I
don't know where I'm going with it and
like literally every space in my house
is filled because I'm a hoarder but um
yeah so anyways I just needed like a day
off sort of thing um like I know like in
a sense we're but like yesterday I like
so busy and we have to still finish some
more stuff on this l1 which is so much
fun I love it so much but oh my god I'm
like getting frustrated with it because
it's like you know I wanted to be good
like I want of every song to be good and
it's like you know I'm not I'm not a
professional like musician singer or any
of that so so it's like just tougher for
me cuz it doesn't come as easy and
naturally to me I love it so much but
it's not it doesn't come as easy as like
talking to a camera and you know that
makes sense so um so yeah that's what I
decided to take his ticket a half take a
breather and I wanted to really go see
Kitty she's a great cuz I came out this
past weekend and I still get to see it I
thought everyone's been talking about it
everyone's been like oh my god I love it
you to cry so that's what I want to go
do today and so I texted my mom saying
almost you get to cry cuz it's a Tuesday
so I said mom where I am live there's
like $5 Tuesday matinees which I know
probably sounds like crazy because that
seems like a normal flight acre price to
most people cuz where I'm from the
Midwest like it was $5 for a movie
ticket of course that was like eight
years ago when I lived in Midwest but
nonetheless like it's a good deal
because out here a normal movie ticket
like if you go on like a Saturday night
it's like sixteen dollars so but all
movies are a good deal so my mom's gonna
come over she said she was on her way
and so I'm wearing a leftover
Valentine's Day I went something like I
won his a shirt just has a heart that
makes it look like it's Valentine's Day
and my jeans which hide so much
yesterday that's like not cute but
that's okay um um every day is a new day
right and tonight I'm gonna go eat vegan
with my friend Shannon and she's in town
she moved away from LA like I don't know
I don't know I'm like six months ago and
that's like when we first started like
watching you to those videos it's like
girl but her family lives near me like
really close to me so it's like perfect
so I'm so exciting out there tonight so
that is going to my dad a nutshell
obviously we put makeup on before me
or before I see Shannon I'm matching him
before um but yeah I don't put makeup on
because mean this is a face only a
mother could love and that's why I'm
keeping it naked
all right guys so I got I picked up this
little cargo manifest with cargo a
little look at her she's a little little
tamale what is that like a little
rainbow just get our edgy look how cute
my mom is I walk by the beach when it's
cold oh my god wants the cutest ever one
of these since I was three oh it's so
cute and she's her blue top with do hugs
she's just gonna hurt being so cute and
adorable I just love it we were having a
stressful morning I had a call doc what
no my mom had a stressful morning she
had a call doctors that weren't calling
you back she forgot her youtube password
so but then my internet went out so we
couldn't then I could upload a video so
I'm like okay let's just go
huh no I'm behind on my no you'll be ok
we'll fix em when we go home I promise
we'll help you me I was just a little
stressed this morning - cuz I couldn't
get my video up so I couldn't help you
but now I can like focus and I get back
Oh what we're going to go see Jose no my
mom and I so my friend Shannon told me
that she went to see this with her mom
but Shannon's my agent she won't stay
with her how much like your age and she
oh my gosh don't see with your mom it's
so awkward like so whatever and so we'll
see how what he think it's like everyone
said it like porn so I feel like I'm
going to watch porn my mom's just I was
gonna say with my mom I highly doubt I'd
terracing scares me like what is it like
choking
yeah my mom's ever oh you never read the
books right yeah he has the Red Room of
pain that's like the whole thing like he
I told you as explain this to you
he picks these girls like anasazi
because they look like his mom who he
hated so he wants like he like beats the
shit out of mom like when they have sex
and he doesn't want to like have
relationship with them he's like I don't
want to do romance I just want to like
beat you so I'm excited I loved it the
books my mom's never seen them and I
think it's gonna add my predictions is
it's not gonna be as bad as everyone
says but everyone's like oh it's like
porn but it's like what's your rate
though are
did you just do your thing boom my mom
can do YouTube's my pop get so
distracted
um but yeah we're gonna go see 50 shades
and we'll let you know how it goes and
we're gonna eat some popcorn you need to
be a hot dog
oh yeah we can't had a bone of Rod on
when I went to put it me sooner
oh I saw into the woods with her and
she's like I know there was a pun for
the movie Oh God hums do it exactly what
I reckon maybe is really our still gets
next moves over there I don't know where
she went like went what's her and she
was gone so we're a little late but um
get hot dog I'm getting my popcorn and
not just a wrench oh okay
so well as I just dropped my phone so we
just got the movie literally four shots
we did don't ever go to the movie with
my mom let's walk in the Hat that's good
my mom because she is Chatty Cathy - oh
is he doing that because of his mom Oh
like that would really happen my mom you
were ruining the experience for me so
once there was not Rizzo that was not an
experience it was like yes we survived
it but it was you know not only way I
was gonna say at the end of the movie
right when it ends the credits that's it
I thought he's gonna show up
Ronna pants or something you just said
them and he talks about I was like okay
mom breathing oh my god so Stoops I was
like well we did say that like Charlie
Hunnam would be something to look at
yeah that would have been no yeah not
you actually boob and was all her little
boobies he was like oh yeah my mom hated
that but I think it's kind of the point
I thought the guy was like better than I
thought the girl is better than I
thought but my mom over here was just
like I think that it's you Dodi's maybe
that's the point
maybe happy yeah maybe it's just for
anybody
anyway it is I'm not saying the next one
with my mom I decided any erotic sysm
that could have been from that filmed by
myself and talk to yourself literally
would've been fine but she could pop me
like mom she's crazy but I love her
things become wasn't you you don't like
the movie you're over it I was expecting
lots more oh my god I think you write
this thing real quick
