I just almost broke this year I'm
sitting in that's why I hate sitting in
chairs cuz I good I did it as soon as I
got up it was broke this chair yeah
alright hence a home with now but where
the house I'm at he's like oh that
chairs like wonky cuz I was like
understand I hope I don't break it cuz I
broken a chair at Cheesecake Factory
before I could you guys want this is
very embarrassing can I say who you are
now you ever been to many blocks in
forever you guys have some really really
exciting news um it's a really exciting
are you ready are you ready do you want
to see who I'm hanging out with it looks
like it we look like we're in like a
thing I know right
can we see the news you always hear you
want to say it I don't know are you -
are you confirmed very 100 flat doing
this it's like 99.9 no my god okay
here's what you guys should do so keel
has he was off for saw everyone else
eats omean kale have a mini me out
because he isn't in my videos but can I
hang out like on the Reg he's my best
friend
he helps he was a lot of my shed he's
kind of like my manager my best friend
everything like I love him he's the
greatest and we're gonna talk about how
good he smells like cuz he was think I
like sting can you take a shower like
you always smell good but you guys
here's the big news and you guys should
all go subscribe - what's the YouTube
just say your YouTube give a plug the
YouTube yeah with your YouTube channel
killer oh my god you guys can't like
this one I told him it's not this was my
pitch to kill I told him I said I'm in
the light coming back down like really
yeah so I told Cal I said you know I
don't like you his nose I don't like
anyone I don't like anyone interesting
but kale is my best friend because he is
the most interesting person I know and
so you guys should all subscribe to him
that I love him so interesting and if
you guys like give him a chance like
honestly like if you'll like love them
and you guys should subscribe to him and
he's really like in kind of like
embarrassing doesn't wanna do it but I'm
like no people are gonna like love you
so you guys should subscribe you're so
sweet you're amazing
sweet I will make videos
I just caught off guard and just got out
of the shower yeah we got some Stoops
yeah so I'm gonna you know we'll see
what happens I think there's enough you
know content friend things to talk about
out there that it's like the
philosophize about Sears spiritual
physical mental entertainment whatever
he is interesting he doesn't say it
enough in my blog says you don't talk
bad about Tom he's talked about this
really personal stuff that happens in
his life cuz he's very very interesting
very insightful and it's why I love him
what sure it's your blog you know I mean
I never really want to try to like oh
yeah no I know he's cool like that and
then even when we've hung out we've
we've never stopped hanging out but he's
just like well he's kind of over exam
like the drama otoko so be nice to him
go subscribe go and be nice yeah dramas
like oh yeah so don't give him any drama
but here's to this moment only if you
like Cal if you don't like kale don't
subscribe to me right but I love Kelly
you should subscribe there be like oh
like 10 subscribers
he's gonna he's coming with me to record
some songs for me elbows he's a great
he's gonna even dry it was so sweet of
him we're gonna do um I'm gonna go ahead
and say tonight the songs I mean by the
time this comes out that's what I said I
was teasing it in the car I said we're
doing getting Helen Thomas but I haven't
said the song so I think we should like
say it in the studio a favorite fan of
all time van Halen and Trish is gonna
rock it like nail it wonder who take the
pictures on Instagram we literally just
had a 30 minute photo shoot out here
Kantos in my shirt I mean you have to
like given this much you know attention
to like the best blogger of all time
soon to me kills also so that's fire to
Rome kills I'll let you to back up I'll
link it below
record well our devil vlogging make sure
what do you the quarter you do it the or
not why this way yeah cuz gonna get the
little box
look who's logging just turn to the
vertical way vlogging when I want do a
horizontal my camera makes milk so much
better that looks like terrible your
first vlog we're gonna go record our
recording color we're gonna record some
songs in the elephant they inhale in
I feel like kill don't take over the
lead vocals go show me how you're
supposed to do it oh my god look so now
you're getting so shy he's he was he
when he's not on camera he does it drive
it's a lot going on cameras gonna trying
to drive take care of you got a coffees
make sure get you to the studio and time
Aloha doesn't raise the screen of your
first vlog I'm gonna I'm gonna
definitely cancel it get me hold it for
you while you drive yeah there you go
like mr. Hollywood
no but you do like if I told Cal like if
I time tomorrow like Kate yeah like I'm
gonna line up dildos it got someone like
Jesus and he was more than one person
y'all like by people got five people who
make until those trash like he uses on
it and I love it though just uh you know
resourceful when it comes to things that
it's like managing projects you know
whatever yeah what else would have one
more better project to manage than a hot
for teacher for Trish the only man
thanks can't like but but it was very
synchronistic
just in terms of like something that
came full circle back to me I'm very
passionate about love you of course
we're like brothers sister like we just
you know have a very kindred spirit you
know I mean yeah that's sharing what was
really I think also and I told you about
this
hopefully this one's for free I love it
that was really cute I'm gonna link it
below so you guys should go see it I
don't know where as I stopped blogging
cuz I didn't know where it is off how do
I turn this back off like this so we're
about to go record we're about to go
record some music and we're any late so
I should probably go and at the end of
the day I am still just that Midwest
girl who's obsessed with Disney and
whereas over there it's Tibet and looks
like this about her makeup oh gosh you
guys what a day oh my gosh it's like
talk about a full log am i right like so
much was happening so many people she we
see um do not record again in the
fucking recording - I get so in my head
not my head that's the wrong term so in
the zone that like I literally forgot
like it's I'm having so much fun I'm
feeling the energy and I knew how can
you show this with you guys because it's
a cool energy when you're in a recording
studio I look I know I'm not like a
fucking American Idol world's greatest
singer I'm no I'm not about to win like
a Grammy Whitney Houston status but I
have so much fun recording songs and
like it's so cool it's like living a
rockstar dream it's like so fun and of
course the songs we had which is a hot
for teacher which is so high energy and
like literally was standing up like
singing like belting or oh yeah wow like
I was so excited him Elvis and David Lee
Roth are I Connick they are a hundred
percent original no one will ever be
able to come close to those two voices
seeing it's like Michael Jackson like
you can't come close so don't even try
but having said that um you know you can
totally make it your own and like still
have that passion that you can show for
the song and these two songs which I
think did we real well if the heaven
reveal there now which I reveal oh I
just did yeah oh yes I'm up um so we are
doing hot for teacher and little loss
competition are my two I'm not revealing
the titles of my original songs yet but
yes they're just legendary
songs that I love so so much they are
not easy songs to sing but there are so
fun and I have so much fun doing it and
I've been visioning performing for you
guys and it's really really fun like at
the end of the day it's just like now in
this moment I'm just really happy I love
it I'm happiest most I'm filming for you
guys which is this vlog and my main
channel and what I'm just knowing that
you guys are gonna be able to sit cuz
you guys are gonna be able to see my
performance of that even though you're
not singing in the recording studio like
you're gonna be able to see it through
music video which is gonna be ten times
the energy and we are going back again
we have a couple more like finishing
touches on songs and I will try my best
to take you guys out prom-prom but I'm a
completely different note then being
awesome and just you guys being awesome
and thank you oh my god really cool way
to think okay that'll be do be continued
in tomorrow's blog cuz tomorrow I don't
have a whole lot planned yet but I will
show you my cold pack in tomorrow's
video I'm so sorry to show you it's like
weird oh my living room and I'm like I'm
looking for the exhaust you guys can see
from the puffiness as I was all said
because I really didn't get much sleep
last night I'm not really sure why I
like I don't know why but the other
thing I wanted to talk about and is like
kind of girls like matter wife is I
haven't really bad intestines I have an
intestinal problem like lately where
it's this is probably TMI so if you guys
don't like talking hearing about
people's I personally hate and I wish
they would do more weddings when people
talk about poo shit a poop or number two
or whatever you want to call it I hate
it I think it's disgusting when people
talk about it obviously when it's my own
body I don't really mind talking about
it that much because it's like my own
thing happening but like envisioning
other people pooping like it's gross and
hate hearing about it so if it makes you
queasy our home folder you can I turn
off because I'm not gonna be talking
about anything else for us to vlog and
like belongs to me all summer anyways
I'm tired as fuck but um but if you guys
my hair story movies like stick with me
okay
so talk about story which is not really
a whole story well there is like a whole
story but it's really it comes down to
like me like pretty much almost shitting
my pants like the poop coming out of it
basically and I you know
made it to a Taco Bell II just before I
big mess what happened in my pants
basically like a big big mess I don't
know ask but a big mess what happened um
yeah yeah that was that story there was
like more like lead up to it like the
urgency getting up Wilshire not finding
any gas stations or bathrooms and I hate
public restrooms period even pain I will
avoid public restrooms at all cost penny
okay whatever like you have to go get to
go squat it out look going over to
public restrooms like I can't I never
could do it and like actually repulsed
me like it actually was like it's like
the idea that like literally gives me
nightmares it literally gives me anxiety
okay like lately in the past like
literally three weeks a month I have had
the most intense urges when I have to go
number two so we have to go we have to
go right you have to go like but mine
comes randomly and like at the most
inopportune times in the middle traffic
like when I was doing the Taco Bell
story I was in the middle of sorryi
traffic driving to get food so that
means I hadn't eaten all day like I had
not eaten all day the night before I did
not have a happy meal it came on me like
a hit by a Mack truck like it was just
you need to go to a bathroom in the next
two seconds so there was no like oh I
feel like I'm gonna have to go like
maybe I can hold it none it was like
you're going now like this is coming out
right now so it was so intense that day
and it happened again like a like a week
or two later when I was out to breakfast
to my mom my sister Jerry's deli is now
we're dropping my sister off at t-mobile
I came on just out of nowhere so in
times like I was crying it hurt so bad
to hold it and like painful and we only
mice to start t-mobile I had to drive
home because I I had to go so so bad and
like we were so close to my home I
thought I can make it and like barely
lick didn't really make it if you know
what I mean but like made it enough you
know and today was the worst of the
worst
holy shit no pun intended it was so bad
the first place I had to use was a
random place on Hollywood Boulevard or
like salad place where I'm like it's sad
to go eyes need you and I'm like first
let me know you have rathered customers
like yeah but I need to get salad to go
I don't care what the fuck like bring it
up like given me I use your mother and I
had to go again intense intense intense
so bad um I ate food but I didn't eat a
lot to the point of I blame myself
because I didn't know I was going
straight to kales
sure should occur to you like I knew I
wasn't like we accessed her bathroom
when I know I'm like not gonna go home
right away or something I won't eat that
much of my meal because I don't want to
go through me for that reason okay so so
excited that I went I was like okay I
think I'm good like I mean usually most
people like one and done sort of thing
like getting good like until you know
Matt's meal whatever happens um but no I
went to kales when I hung out whenever I
blogged I was cool and then you know um
we stopped to get Starbucks and since it
was in like Hollywood and Vine area it's
like really hard to park so it kales
like Oh out like if you're cool like
I'll just like wait for you in the car
and I get it how about happen like
where's a cool like with on the boarding
party knowledge and we're about it
fighting cool whatever um and again I
order the drinks they given me the
drinks I was fine like waiting for the
drinks ordering the drinks totally guide
and she does look at the drinks UI is
the the I can't describe the urge the
need to go right now if I was in my car
driving to look that urge would not have
last it would have been the biggest mess
of my life in my car it would have been
so epic and I can't I was in the service
I don't know what the fuck I like like
literally guys you don't even know like
the idea of doing this ever in my life
was like my biggest fear I have I have
no idea I don't know what is happening
like even now I'm like thinking like oh
my god like am I gonna get fucking crabs
from like a choice you know that like
disclaimer when you get to number two
like I do squat a little but I have to
have her a little more over to it so it
doesn't splash having said that I also
put like 500 sheets I like literally
will I think like like actual literally
like seven of those like protective
things over it
so if it does hit it but then you think
about it you're like squatting over in
the user little panties is like touching
the thing so you're like
fucking germs and that thing cuz it's
like hitting it I just I you can't win
it like disgusts me and like it gives me
the creeps and he would do using Matt
Nauman oh my god I catch something for
my friend toilet in Hollywood today like
it's fucking gross but I know and I'm
sorry that's like so much TMI but
honestly it's like I have to tell
someone it's like driving me nuts you
know it's like fucking I'm having so
many poo problems and it's not it's not
what used to happen with me which is I
was having trouble pooing its and it's
not even the opposite words like I can't
stop who me it's just random sudden pose
random you know it's it's fucking the
weirdest thing and it scares that again
you can tell this shit out of me because
like it just comes on it really does you
I was like I know what it's like to feel
okay I think it might come I should
probably find a bathroom in the next
like five minutes or you know what like
a part of the bathroom like should I
skip doing this wherever none no warning
no warning whatsoever and that's my
story doesn't mean wonderful stories
which ended this vlog so sorry if that
was like weird oh I'm just got so tired
hey guys I and it has like I'm said hair
you know literally 12 11 and the morning
which is so past my bedtime I go to bed
legit like 8:30 usually I'm like this is
a long day fun day long day like what's
my intro I love you guys watching you so
much for watching and by the way I would
just check my video say on wansun bail
for him Jamie me channel my main channel
has been doing really well like people
are watching it it's very exciting I
used to like average like 60,000 views a
video I have no idea like where are
these views all came from all the sudden
right and I'm very grateful
just in case for watching I mean channel
it's fucking awesome as shit can't stop
saying shit now it listen tell you about
this guy that I'm missing but just keep
checking my emails hoping I'll hear from
him it's been four days now that I have
heard from him and it's being really sad
and I'm thinking why am i doing this to
myself because literally it's the same
guy who's been doing this road past you
would have yourself thinking something's
going to change is so stupid I need to
get rid of him but the only way I can
like get rid of guy is to find something
that
to be happier and gets more excited and
unfortunately no guy makes me feel that
way so I'm kind of like stuck in this
rut so help and help oh wow that is how
not I'm gonna find someone was those
iron coals I guess that's that
Judy and I plan our vacation yay oh my
god the other thing that was missing
tonight was my girl she'll bail miss you
girl
she's amazing my friend that's helping
us with the actual help reduce your
music video she's freaking amazing I
love her to death and we were totally
thinking of her tonight she called while
we're actually recording which is super
cool I love her to death
she's like spirit and wall to me like
just left her energy I love her she's a
really good good pip okay love you so
much thank you for watching I was a hot
area sometimes I'm here because he's my
guys
