all right guys I am also doing weight
this morning because it's rarity I have
the gym to myself I kept my hello keep
my key outfit I love workout clothes and
YouTube videos inspired me so I just do
weights
I like really basic I take like what way
is such a small weight and I just do
like spots to help my butt and my thighs
see him it's so hard for me to go
straight back always in starch and I
mean hysterical right noreda cardio
hunky the back to wait stretched a
little I just I take advantage because I
was in the gym this morning so new
workout clothes fresh batch of YouTube
videos that youtubers up a lot of thing
got for vlogmas not only for my channel
but for other people because i'd love to
watch it when I'm on the treadmill and
eat you worse if you make long videos
out there let me know your channel
because I love watching long ones it
makes much time on a treadmill and gym
go faster
oh hey guys let's hit my vitamins I'm
gonna show you what I eat after the gym
because I need healthier food in this
house and I'm not having my scrambled
eggs and bacon because I'm doing an
eating show with my mother today which
were to eat a lot of junk so but before
I do that I'm doing something kind of
exciting and I'm gonna blog it will see
my blog it um but it's gonna take a few
hours so I definitely want something in
my system but let's how the Vitamix
person I'll show you guys what I put it
in after I work out my body anyways I
was a I saw I didn't like blog myself
after writing kind of blog I didn't 99
minutes 800 calories which is actually
pretty good because I did a 2.2 miles 90
minutes 80 calories that's really good
because I was doing like 1.5 miles in
two hours and a half thousand calories
so like I would I got 2,000 hours before
the two-hour mark so even the guy that
went on after we took a picture cuz he's
about to get on because that was really
crowded that like anyone I was leaving
cuz I got there really early and I'm as
soon as I was leaving is getting more
crowded I just take these green like
vibrance sirenix I don't think
vegetables Romano this I need like
that's big number that's super
impressive and I was like oh thanks I
guys like you know whatever but then you
like and that's really impression
because it's pressing because it shows
like patience to do that and patience
because the Wi-Fi wasn't working down
there but I had previously downloaded
some YouTube videos from there kind of
old Oh which I did you know I like to
watch the newest videos so the life I
wasn't working it wasn't even connecting
to my hotspot so I might just have to
start downloading the videos to get
before I work out because it happens
because like I was 20 minutes and didn't
even watch and then I had the old
earphones I don't fit into the 7 plus so
I couldn't even watch it on my phone I
think I might get out to even my iPad
since I use it so much now when I first
got it I just never really used it that
much but I use a lot now don't you like
traveling and stuff I think I want to
get my lcd for it just so I can watch I
can't love You Tube videos I mean I
don't know if people know that I feel
like I don't talk about a lot of people
I watch on YouTube but I'm always
watching recommended videos but people I
subscribe to like I love YouTube like
I'm constantly checking in I get really
excited when people post me videos are
like the same vitamins just one is one
and bio so bow sure you want to part
like I send my body to sustain myself
it's just like these little like rice
cakes they don't things like much so I
don't necessarily crave a rice cake in
the morning but it's them because I'm
doing like it's so hungry if I wait till
I knew nor one or two to eat it's all
hungry and like I just have to you like
a little something and so this is like
the perfect thing this isn't bad
definitely good but it's not the right
thing so my I don't but I was only 35
calories and one of these though it's
like kind of eating air but that's it
something or something soon
on again that's not under ting or head
of this weight this is like I won't put
drunk my body wouldn't you jump a little
later you know you guys working out in
the morning makes me feel so good like
it really sets me up my day and I'm
gonna shower I just feel so good no I'm
like you guys know I'd love to eat I
love to eat bad food so it's like you
know I'm not trying to preach this
healthy lifestyle to you at all but even
if you go off and just run a little bit
or walk even like I heard like a brisk
walk like thirty minutes a day is like
amazing for your heart - another time
another don't preach it when you eat
bacon and I'm just drunk I'm just doing
my best y'all I'm done
hello I have so much junk food you might
jump regarding not definite not today oh
okay you guys I kid you not
my mom just got me these shoes for
Christmas umm alright these are sketches
and they are so freakin comfortable I
just put them on first of all I have fat
little wide feet and it's just soup like
they're super they're so roomy there's
so much room they stretch they're super
cute and like the bottom is like this
memory foam and it is like so amazing
and they're so cute and pretty um but
this is what they're called for those of
you want to notice that's the street Los
Angeles with air cool memory foam the
name of the style is unless I say I'm
highlights slick shoes and I got it in
white and one in seven and they are
literally the most comforting like I
don't I wish it was sponsored by
sketches these are just I could not be
more comfortable they feel like I'm like
in sulfurous it's oh I'm like obsessed
just chillin looking atom cars having a
vanilla latte
nice a time back to shop here
short hair basic Trish you guys this
smoke right now we have had the craziest
fires
see it smells oh my god there's like
Ashlee here
smokey I've never seen it don't even
like it she's like fog at this point so
crazy
uh so oh she loves like they sent my
sister down there too but I don't like
you you look you I am at the beach y'all
visiting my mama and sissy I'm gonna do
an H with my mom then we have a fitting
for our New York trip I mean just I
totally missed the beach I will move
back to the beach one day one day okay
so I made it to my mom then my mommy
she's got in and mrs. C hi and they got
me these are a present for my mom for
Christmas huh
I know same with me though I like your
side too and look at their lashes kind
of give each other Christians presents
throughout the year like it's a
Christmas present
all right okay I love how you're
vlogging so I can see myself what's that
darlin all right I'm super sad they've
been very excited about this gap I was
there one time thing for there's three
for your mouth
oh no go for it
what not yeah go wait I was just mad
that it didn't wrap all the way oh okay
that maybe I'd like someone else oh my
gosh I am seven already Vito
you're on scream queens is where all the
time every day oh my god this is so cute
pretty sure you find you to the pearl
this cool store at Francesca's what's
Francesca's remember that like random
store them all yeah these are so yeah I
love okay I'm gonna get one matching for
mom too but that was the last one the
last world we could have been really
matching with all our outfits
oh my god I love okay either so yeah
they're so sweet oh they always go
shopping in they're always like oh well
we got you something but we don't know
if you like it I'm like you know what I
like okay really cause the last time I
bought you something you bought it for
yourself
well that's means you know what I like
oh yeah so good oh my god I just like
Cali I feel like a mullet our Theresa
Caputo long as the medium oh my god
that's funny where do i oh yes I do
matching one oh my gosh we are these
like how are these gloves are you
different ruffle hand through and they
got a oh my little bear for do turn are
that be close yeah no oh my nerve
they're young you're welcome you kiss
money you don't like I can smell for
picking it out the bird I love you
should show your treat you thank you I
love these so much these earmuffs are
just everything I am definitely taking
you to New York
oh yeah super cute okay are you ready
for seventeen come on yeah you want to
see what I bought myself oh yes
just the body I'm to show the body oh do
what you did to me on the phone I don't
wanna drink I'm okay
are you sure okay oh my god girls what
they do party all the time I love my
gift yourself oh you do it on camera
from a patreon all right mom ringing my
mom what it looks like
Buick so this is living my mom she's
freezing right now is if you need this
always cold target shopping we have two
parts you like it I like that that's
cool
okay I'll be there in a Prosecco and a
flannel got a bunch of toiletries missus
you're out 20% off coupon on Black
Friday so we're taking advantage I got
this little tree for a friend of mine a
friend I'm gonna get
I gotta watch my team you about things
it's a barrier between me Oh God so
confused burn the comb get an apple TV
and a paint xbox to joke not gonna be on
your blog because I mean it's not my
face on
now you're beautiful represent in the
hood you know old school fire football
mountable rules so this isn't a game
this isn't the plus-size department you
guys what the hell why does it mean he
looks so fat I hate it so much it's like
the opposite I was getting here I'll
probably ban this you know what why
would they put this in the big girl
section I don't know what that's a
little rude I just put the big girls on
you know my face is he cute it's it's
not so bad in the mirror but it is like
in the camera but in the mirror it is
not fun right yeah you gotta like stuff
yourself underneath yeah look out just
kind of do feel position if you can what
fun dude rock this photo shoot real life
underneath yeah
no you're gonna be the present that's
why okay
yeah fetal position okay ready yeah
three two one three two
okay wait now that I'm gonna do it
instagramming a lot we're watching
Netflix my sister is eating her jalapeno
ranch chips which doesn't sound good
they're sending out stuff for Poshmark
watching this she set up her printer
stuff for my mom under the Christmas
tree she's gonna get her Grinch outfits
a little pics over there ETM family
Christmas you look gorge
you need a baby Grinch
okay we're we're doing it your outfit
yeah I sent you the caption you need
it's to remind your friends and family
that you are the gift that's why people
do it
okay so we got push you under more what
was it all right let me let the branches
off you know yeah we did a good mom did
this offer me for a photo shoot for a
meme all right all right guys that is it
for this vlog we're gonna call it a
night we're gonna just hold Netflix and
chill and I gotta edit you guys so my
mom warranty went to bed we had a
fitting for New York this weekend
anything you like to say looking locked
up views podcasts we're anyways I'm
we're literally
oh no it's rylynn Scottie and lies are
the three up on there on the TV right
now there and we should watch our
Islands video cuz she injected at the oh
we broke up no that we broke up
musically is that yeah that's the new
ones click big Christmas okay we're
gonna watch that I love you guys until
next time here my kissy is watching
right now quick big Christmas for my
little baby she's back
