I feel like such a frazzled mess right
now like legit I have been it's been one
okay you guys know I think you should
notice right now for open watching
Church life cuz you're just labels has
been around for almost a year like nine
months but almost here and you guys know
anything right now you guys know that
when I am productive when I'm having a
productive day I like to just cram cram
cram as much as I possibly can and I
honestly feel like I micromanage
sometimes like I have people that help
me and I'm like super grateful but like
oh my gosh you guys I am literally
getting bombarded with text messages
from this one person who I love to death
but he just freaking annoys the shit out
of me and it's always when I'm vlogging
and he does like 20 texts in a row where
I don't even respond and he'll just keep
hammering out the fucking text and it's
just literally the most annoying thing
in the world
texting etiquette if the person doesn't
respond
don't keep texting like freaking maniac
like relax they're probably busy and
you're probably annoying them with their
buzzing even if I wasn't busy even if
I'm not filming which I mean cuz I
couldn't act I'm like not really got
busy but it's just annoying getting all
those like buzzes like right at all in
one or fucking pick up the phone and
call person you don't need to have a a
diarrhoea of text coming out of your
fingers
it's so fucking annoying if you have
talked to those in that battery up that
much to say to a person fucking call
that fucking person up holy shit nameste
okay
I'm agree now honestly I'm having a
really great day and I was in a really
had a pretty good energy this morning
and I still do and actually now I'm
going to be more or less like panic
she's not panicked but this morning it's
like okay I washed my hair this morning
and then like I couldn't like I don't I
wanted to curl on a damn time because I
wanted to film something but I had to
edit video to get it up this morning and
not only that I had to pack a bag
because today I'm going to see Gigi but
I had to bring a computer with me
because we are booking a vacation
together a vacations like a mini
vacation we're going on I'm really
excited about it more will be revealed
on that later
so I pack a bag for that my um that and
then shine when I go into recording
studio and I brought a change of clothes
because like this is my girly cute look
let's go have lunch and shopping outfit
but then like for the studio I want to
be like sexy and like in the zone sort
of thing and I need to get some tea
because I've been talking all day today
and when we talking all day Oh Gigi and
I like laughs and I like lose my voice
because I talk so much so I need to
actually preserve my voice because I'm
singing two songs tonight so um house
like literally we're just like staring
at my thing um yeah so I am like
literally like losing I was leaving my
house this morning said then oh my gosh
and then I gave my mom wool I sent up
her computer for her but like a lot of
my stuff was still in there like a lot
of like my login information just like
get her set up and so I couldn't like
log into something so my mom was logged
in and then my mom was like confused cuz
I get for some reason I'm getting her
emails with mommy to logged into my
account like you have to sign now and
she and like understand that calmed that
and oh my gosh that my big oh my gosh I
did it oh my god this is you know I'm
frantic I will show you guys in a blog
100% I got my youtube gold play button
for hitting 1 million subscribers this
morning which is it was so cool it's so
huge it was so heavy and I don't know
that I got this top dirty because I was
like already dressed and everything I'm
not ready to go and have my wedges on
its up and I was like trying to get it
out it was so heavy and then like taking
the Box down I felt like I was getting
dirty and it was totally worth it that
was this cool thing and I instagrammed
it oh by the way got a new phone case
already um so it's got a new phone case
well off the new phone face but like
change my phone case and let me see if I
can show you because Instagram I did the
gold play button but I think I must
drive so yeah there is Michael play one
follow me on instagram after she paid us
um so yeah I like busy and we're
finished putting the finishing touches
on these two songs which
can't wait we're going to a different
studio than the one we haven't going to
actually we're into the stream requires
you baby which I'm super excited about
because to me Sam baby turned out
amazing
I had such good energy in that studio
with the I who recorded us he's he's
great at giving because I you may have a
horribly but I'll take any singing
lessons so I don't like go to like a
vocal coach or anything so he's kind of
like a nonospot vocal coach he like
helps me with like diction and like
fluctuations and like things I should do
differently because I have a pretty good
idea like how I want to do these songs
and they're two male songs we're doing
I'm there to cover songs original songs
but these are two cover songs and they
happen to be males that sync both and
not only just any old males that sing
both but like really distinct voice
Tamils meaning they have very distinct
style and they sing each of these songs
and they have a very distinct voice that
kind of makes the song so I'm a little
nervous about making it like my own
because um to mimic what they did on the
song it just wouldn't come out right and
then it would also be like I think doing
it injustice to like try and copy and
then like of course it not coming out
right because there's their true
individuals each singers of these songs
I guess I can tell you cuz I feel like
since Trish's life is on like well I
think I got a week delay used to be on
like a 10 day delight but I think it's
on a week delight but you can tell you
should I tell you should I reveal the
two song you'll probably see in the vlog
tonight you probably it a little snippet
okay we're doing elvis and fucking van
halen man I'm so fucking stoked is this
super recording I can't even see I'm so
fucking stoked for this Elvis is king
God Almighty I love Elvis more than life
I want to marry his corpse I'm obsessed
with him and I'll make you guys wait to
hear what song I chose for it it's one
of my favorite Elvis songs ever but it's
actually extremely hard to sing
I thought it was gonna be really simple
but then once we started like composing
the song a lot we once they start
composing the song and I got the
instrumental as they keep the skin hard
sing along
the other one is being Halen and the
song is fucking iconic I can't even
believe that we got rights to do this
and not only did we get rights to do it
we got the st. licensed mechanic license
got everything you need for the video
the video is coming into play within uh
literally like eight days away work in
like eight days away from the fucking
video it's just pandemonium it could not
have come at a crazier time finishing
this album we have to do the next two
weeks my mom's getting huge a surgery
possibly removing a breast for a breast
cancer in the next two weeks that I'm
taking her to in her appointments um I
have this trip with GG in the next two
weeks I have the two music video shoots
coming up the next two weeks that I'm
pretty much orchestrating and like
producing I mean I have so many people
helping me thank God but I'm such a
micromanager person that has to have
everything like exactly I need it like
this I need the shots like this son
you'd like that like I'm very just I I'm
very like much that way and it's
probably annoying and I probably
shouldn't I I'm probably putting too
much stress on myself by doing so but I
have a clear vision of like how I want
each video to look and just finding
people to like execute that vision for
me it's like you know it's not a
challenge it's just it's just time
consuming and I feel like I'm running
out of time and we're even though we've
been working on this album forever and
the songs and stuff like that like now
recording I'm like I'm like I just want
to get it done because like weighing on
me so I was just like you know what I'm
doing the scene with Gigi today and um
but I'm like let's just treat go record
tonight too because why the fuck not you
know I'm just so pumped I was in I had
such good energy this morning so I
called my producing partner who I think
I can probably reveal cuz I don't know
probably one of my producing partner is
hip-hop you guys already know you kind
of witness but he might be on camera
again because he might starting a
YouTube channel so if if this all comes
to play I got to see how he's feel and
inside tonight you'll see him but I call
him this morning yo I got good energy
today I feel good I feel sexy I feel on
let's go and finish this fucking album
let's find a studio so the studio we
were using was actually booked but I
energies are so important to me that
when I'm when I'm feeling like this
productive energetic fulfilled sexy
happy excited about it like that's when
I need to go record because that's when
it comes out when I'm really feeling it
when I'm really into it so that's what
we're doing today tonight that's later
stein so anyways so much and my hair
it's terrible I'm going oh my god and
I'm getting full fucking weave in like a
week - and I'm doing the cover shoot for
my album holy shit like I have oh my god
one thing I didn't bring was my journal
so you have this big-ass bag it's like
my traveling bag for like planes but I
forgot to come the scheduler okay that's
great hopefully I have the schedule up
here I have most of the schedule appear
but I'm planning this with Gigi and I
want to make sure that and overdub
booked myself because I feel annoying
when people deliver themselves but that
present from is Gigi right here if
you're wondering what this is she's
gonna look so fly well I counted more
nutritious products but I got some
Tanner in there for her
she loves Tucson this tan we got so
weird like these to be blows like waved
at me on the street
anyways I am driving to her house now
and I'm like 15 minutes late because
traffic like literally was bitch I mean
you guys wanna see him and stopping and
starting so many times it's like the
stoplight so um what else can I possibly
say so much how my mom's um made the
breast the bracelet I got for my mom
mister for breast cancer support breast
cancer power because she's calling to
make appointments today so uh we're just
calling and she's also getting her test
results back this week so everything is
just positive fight thoughts for her
because honestly all of this is so much
fun and I'm keeping busy because I love
it and also because it's a good
distraction from my mom's health
situation my mom's doing the same where
she's busy she I was talking to her day
sure he went biking and went to like
Lorna Jane already and like all the
sudden the mall is like one busy thing
um and she's good but you know the most
important thing of all this of course my
mom and I told her that's a mom till
your surgery is tell me whenever you go
into your appointments I go I go with
her and I said I'll drop everything
obviously I'll reschedule anything
that's a freaking cool slide guys look
at that big-ass Hollywood sign and that
look at that cool fish but what is that
place says lean on me there's all this
it's a sign lots of freaking cool
okay I'm like literally going crazy uh
no that was actually really cool please
I loved all the giant props where the
hell with that
um yeah okay well that's pretty much
what today entails for Trish's life and
hopefully I remembered to vlog and I
have a full battery so that's a good
thing and I have I brought a backup
camera just in case I want to film
behind the scenes for a behind the
scenes video for my van Halen musically
because we're doing a two gallon music
video first then the eldest one will be
a couple weeks later um and I have to
get gas had to get tea but really I need
to get food first I need to get fuel in
this body and I know GG's gonna want to
chow down some just wish me happy
President's Day right I'm like I get it
it's like a holiday but like do you text
someone to wish and that actually you
would oh I can see what this but it's
someone who's been like constantly
texting me not like donkeys in the back
it's like anyways but not someone that
like I'm even like that close with that
I think I really don't care to check
them back but regardless um didn't do I
was gonna say something oh jeez like my
best fat friend she like loves to like
chow down with me and I love it
she still is super humble and sweet and
I don't think you guys get to see that
her videos definitely get the real Gigi
for sure but there's a side of her that
I wish you'd show more where she's like
a super super genuine and I think it's
like a place of honor ability that
people don't like to show because it may
make them look weak or vulnerable to
some people but she is so genuine and so
sweet and so humble and that's why I
love hanging out with cheeky and caring
about another fucking stoplight so
alright namaste
love you guys and I will see you all
shortly okay so I got a couple growl I'm
like who I'm with my favorite day ever
I gotta show you a GT - so she's like
about to eat and I was like look I'm
here with and all of a sudden she gets
this she like doesn't sit oh I was just
lying about genuine knee where I was
like Gigi's actually like so Jenny
winnaman think yeah I put on a full show
thank you so much go on show um
as will filet mignon for lunch and then
we want to take a picture outside and
give you like straight-up just at the
ballet and he's like yeah let me take
your picture and then she's like Katie
like another one and then like in front
and she's like doesn't care can't wait
to devour that I mean today's the record
I'm so starving it's like still weight
kept getting pushed back but we're
talking about our trip I tell them we're
planning a mini vacation a mini vacay
mini vacay so hopefully a vacay with the
most killing it okay oh I think of a
case that was sad we're gonna be someone
that we've always wanted to meet well we
don't even know if we're gonna meet her
no we're a thousand percent meeting her
okay I'm just talking about that no no
not no realistically we well yeah now
we're planning our outfits and I was
gonna be like whatever kind of cute and
she's like we're gonna go for slutty
nobody needs a slutty I said let's go on
let's express our body and our womanhood
engage
