hey it's Sunday and this in the last
Sunday dance because I love Sundays so
so much I love Sundays so much Sunday's
are like Monday now that my day is just
relax in bed and have fun and not think
about work even though I freakin love
making YouTube's and a lot editing I
love filming and I love uploading every
single day like it's kind of nice to
just like have a date worried like
you're not gonna they got it and for
someone who loves doing what they do
it's extremely hard to take a day off
but I'm like really excited because this
is my first time like not uploading on a
Sunday and like not editing know that is
all editing this morning when I had so
much fun doing it I was so excited to
watch my wicked um in five minutes back
that I wanted to start editing it but I
consider that like I mean that was just
pure teacher enjoyment in there to you
in for me I love it you don't need me
that's the think it's like so hard for
someone who like loves to like do what
they do and like to make them stop but
sometimes you have to stop to enjoy life
and your family which is what I'm gonna
say so
since my mom has to have surgery
probably either this week or next we're
gonna go down to see my brother and my
sister-in-law just because they haven't
seen my mom since my sister's birthday
and with all that's happened stuff I
think they just want to make more time
to see her and I totally appreciate that
I do too I didn't make it worked I was
here and I see room do I have like a
chimney oh my god I really need shirk
you should encourage me there's my bags
like not even joking cuz legit think I
have a chin here
ah are you for real he's telling me to
charge my battery pack right now camera
I'm so stupid I just feel like I haven't
been blogging lately so I'm like oh I
have enough charge okay well what
happens so I guess I'll hold this off
until I have my mom or someone in the
car with me but yeah by the way new
phone case someone's early I literally
like just went through and bought like
20 hundred phone cases at the moment no
like like legit I just a phone case ha I
think I had like 10 phone cases that I
just bought a brand new and I don't know
which one to use first and so I've been
searching around like every day because
I'm obsessed with all of them so yeah I
wonder who mom got her purse yeah we
have the same Louis I love how my
camera's just like going it's to it as I
was talking about it weird I tell any of
those ghosts in this car with me but we
had the same one so I don't know if it
was supposed to get there yesterday just
Louboutin mashed up there so it's like a
whole long thing like it was like like I
came in and paid someone forgot to send
it out and then they sold it and it was
just like a big thing and then like oh
no we still have it and I was like wait
what it's like someone told me they sold
it and then when I come for another
couple weeks and I'm gonna call back and
say oh my god no it's here I just forgot
to send it out like it was just a thing
like these twos it's right here though
okay um so yeah but that's not
entertaining and I don't want to waste
your battery but really I'm not doing
anything today plus my brother and oh my
god they maybe don't want to be on
camera though cuz their YouTube channel
oh my gosh okay I need turn you guys off
just in case Manitou PF Changs I was
trying to me into getting a $3,000 right
guys time but I was like you're not my I
think it's on possum it's all
Swarovski's on it I'm like mommy huh and
it's not by $3,000 right and she's like
I didn't want to buy it but I don't I
don't need a three pounds another
breaking if I'm saying Matheny now I'm
in here it's like a weird thing I got my
green seats on my new phone case yeah
and I am they changing it up I can't
take selfies with it because Instagram
deletes it him because of the nipples
even though their car - nipples that
deletes it
even my buzz sticker over it deletes it
going yeah my mom brought cookies for my
brother and my sternum
now we're just waiting in redundancy and
they have a romper on today it's very
spring and summer you may click it Hedy
we just got our food mine's a white
ankle though mom does a wide ankle I
thought the people the guest with us
they were trying to duck out of Mom's
camera because mine's wide-angle so
sometimes it gets other people in the
shot but mom says it's James I'm here
with my mother and we are having our
kung pao chicken
we got noodles and fried rice yeah yes
if you guys wanna see who my guests are
you go to bricks travels but they
refused to be honest because they're
eating oh yeah so anyways they're very
secretive and very mysterious but their
faces are on there and yep so that's a
whole bodice and full body and my full
body is getting full no Callie because
I'm sorry what was that
hmm yeah she's busy with plans she
couldn't cancel Stoops but whatever so
we're gonna do that movie theaters right
there going going going
I still haven't seen Fifty Shades of
Grey and I really want to see it and I
will see what happens this week is busy
but maybe today yeah well
Oh
Nik Adam yeah we had two separate bags
and I got water reach of us we just got
it
cupcakes cupcakes she was on the guna
Beach inspector I love it so cute I'm
getting super water bottle moves so
giving her my Monty pictures of me on
the lowdown but it's really really I
really like this place
mm okay so I say I frosting I just ate
the most beautifulest cupcake ever and
sprinkles I don't even know if you can
see but there's glitter on it and it's
fun Betty inside and I saw mmm best
cupcake a berm
this was the messiest one that we I'm
peeing on my for press I could not wait
oh I know I sing Gigi my mama hot add it
over there I'm too good times eating
cupcakes but this company was amazing
but I haven't showed you guys my other
cupcakes I got let me just put you down
for a minute
so this one was a beach boy one and this
was vanilla mom did you try your beach
boy one yet
this was Manila right yeah
this was vanilla it was pretty this one
has sprinkles as well and I didn't
excited you guys the lot of the ones and
then dare I say these are even better
than sprinkles which is kind of
blasphemous but and then this was the
special of the day for Valentine's Day
and it was red velvet so I had to get
that I thought that was super super cute
and just some pack that up save it for
tomorrow because these will be oh so
good yes I'm on a diet but at last life
is too short to not enjoy some cupcakes
so bring it over yeah well I have my
mama's thing to make sure but yeah just
reach my loaded up she's gonna put her
first block up and I'm very proud of you
so my mom is gonna be put it she just
finished editing her first Wow I'm so
proud of her did you think it was easy
that's because you're here but see what
I know the first time I learned it I was
actually overwhelmed but my mom thought
it was pretty easy cuz I learned it like
it is so my mommy's tired and I just
made her take a bunch of pictures of me
eating a cupcake cute them mom's always
just like sure I am a teacher on oh my
gosh you guys we've okay I want this
real quick and I won't go but the bike
that we were telling you about that when
we thought was $3,000 I found a girl who
actually makes the bike and she can get
to me at wholesale price because they
mark it up she said so we found the bike
and it could be custom to lose like my
mommy told me it was honestly you should
never have shown me because once I see
something I like that's all I thought
about and I just like I need this bike
and then I thought if someone buys it
I'm gonna really kind of be depressed
about it so can't wait and then we're
gonna go biking together and filming and
all that stuff like that
so can we - no bike is anything personal
on there no no okay no look at these are
our notes form the UM
the editing would you say from thank you
those she's so cute
such a student there was also someone
the bag but it's so funny um mom's got
her MacBook and she's up and her YouTube
game so check her out you do that counts
less on a fetus
they started studying the day with me
Rama Union and a locked over I love you
mommy
you're everything yeah and we will see
you guys soon cell you know every with
me for my ending ready you wanna do man
you know my outro do you watch my video
does my mom watch my videos here's the
question what's my outro what I always
say so that was my outro better be here
out ciao mmm
no I say as always thank you guys for
watching I want to say hi to Rick
Moranis and until next time hear my
kissy is for my little baby fishies ha
bye guys you never see you know Rick
Moranis always I say hi to I'm at the
end of each video my my mom anymore
everyone knows that that's like May
theme sorry bye guys
