hey guys so I'm in bed watching a movie
when I'm Ren turn it down a little bit
because it's really loud I love being in
bed and just like watching movies but
I'm not you this movie called best man
holiday you can't see there it is
there's me the reflection laters baby
okay we got the room tour um but I am so
in love with this movie it is so good
I'm like so addicted to it I think it's
a sequel to another movie I think it's
just called best man never sad but oh my
god you guys I had mmm I say we're gonna
pause this I mean it just turned out I
had okay I used to only date black guys
like like literally for like two years
my life I only did he's like that's all
I wanted to date and not even for their
personality it looks like just cuz I
wanted to date a black guy and like oh
no it was weird I was I just thought it
was like really cool which is like not a
reason you should date anyone just cuz I
think it's cool because it's like I
never really care all the personality
and even really care if they were like
good-looking you know II mean it's just
like I just want to date you
cuz you're black and I'm white and I
think that'd be really hot and it was
really hot and so like that was like my
attraction and it was and it'd be a bad
attraction because I ended up what kind
of turned me off from the whole the
whole race is and this is so bad it's
like one guy one guy was um I don't talk
about it but I was in a in a physically
abusive relationship twice I was in
physically abusive relationship but um
and both times they were with black eyes
and so one was just more like minor when
I say physical like kind of just like
grabbing and like shaking and then the
other one was like major physical so
those two were this got like all serious
I was like gonna make this just like a
cue video putting out their own a bug
eyes again but um those the one in
particular one that was like really
rough kind of just turned me off from
daily low guys and I think that's
obviously you can't judge a whole race
by one person obviously we have
crazy-ass people like Timothy McVeigh
and Scott Peterson I mean we have a
crazy-ass people for our race so like
obviously can't judge them but um
right there I had a bitch Oh first of
all Terrence Howard 0:01 sperm that one
right there that one is from rent I like
him and this one hot this is so sad
though she just can't so oh my god it's
like really sad I hate watching cancer
movies like I hate watching it I've
always hated kenza movies a never saw
fall in Our Stars but once I found out
my mom in cancer I like and she so I
just it breaks my heart to be honest and
it's like it's actually like really sad
and I hope she doesn't die cuz I would
cry I wash my face he's so gorge I want
to date that man that man
I mean before this movie I just so
happen watching um it was not
cultivation I keep calling at that
patient it's the UM oh it is temptation
I think the one of that Tyler Perry did
about the marriage counselor who was
married in a Christian and then once she
cheated on her husband she got AIDS
which is not funny but or HIV it was not
funny but I was the way it was a weird
explanation of the movie if you never
seen it and I was watching that one and
that guy was sign is held to and I just
thinking holy shit like I can't believe
I have been not interested in dating a
certain race because of one stupid guy
and then I was trying to think what kind
of guy would I wanted a illegally I put
into short guys do short black guys I
like my thing um at the moment so if you
guys know of anyone hook me up obviously
they have to like white girls cuz you
know I get it not every buddy's
attracted to everybody you know some
people don't only date Asians some
people only date in their race some
people Wendy in the religion I get it I
don't think I discriminate but I've
never dated a Latino not because like
I'm not attracted to them did she just
died thank thank you God for letting me
blog at this very moment because I think
she just died and I they're all in black
and if you oh my god oh my god okay that
means to like go away because I'm not
gonna bug cry
like towards yet oh my god oh my god I
swear to God and God knows everything
because I I would have gotten really
depressed at this moment if I was
watching and hearing what people were
saying right now but I really respect oh
I've never date oh I know I've never
dated like keno and I never did
Asian and it's not I don't think it's
because I'm not attracted to them but
maybe they're just not attracted to me
you know to me like I'm some ends of a
magnet for people when I was a Buckeyes
as a magnet for black guy is because I
don't know if I was putting out
something that they were putting out
something and also when I stripped I was
a magnet for Persian guys to like date
and one of my favorite people that I
dated we call it that is a mere who was
Persian straight Persian straight from
shiraz iran oh no he wasn't from Shiraz
my manager was he was from Tehran yeah
but you know now I'm going to talk to
her I want to support that I mean some
people don't like bigger girls some
people don't like blondes you know what
I mean like I don't know I wasn't like a
big mouth and I'm raunchy and I say
inappropriate things so that also I have
that blanket smell that Terrence Howard
playing guitar though I try can you guys
please have Terrence Howard like start a
petition after Terrence Howard played
guitar my funeral
better yet start position had Terrence
Howard has sex with me at my funeral
going into the afterlife in a big way by
the way there's a huge pile of clothes
over there hopefully guy says yep
probably dick is it the wide-angle lens
these black guys in this movie are so so
sexy okay I'm okay watching this without
sounding up but anyways I'm gonna finish
watching this and I'm actually gonna
finish this book I got um from this girl
I don't know what that was
oh my gosh you guys I think I have
silver but on all they're not called
silver you don't I mean there there's
silver bugs what are those called
um I just looked him up today the ones
that are near a silverfish
silverfish have silver fishes in my
house I found two in the
has two weeks and I'm so annoyed someone
stayed with me for a couple days and
they were like oh yeah we have
silverfish in our house it's like so
annoying and if you guys know how to get
rid of selfish I looked it up there's
like little solar fish like traps and
stuff but I just don't know where to put
the traps because they're not in places
where they say they're gonna be like in
the kitchen and dark places they're
literally in broad daylight it's so
clear so I want on my kitchen table like
random I'm so so annoying I'm so annoyed
because I think I get a lot of boxes
it's okay it's either because I get a
lot of boxes like who knows where
they're coming from or I think when
those people stayed with me I think
silverfish got in there because I have
to and I'm like it freaks me out I don't
like them they said they're not like
harmful to humans but they're harmful to
purses so I need to get them on my house
but anyways I thought I feel like I'm
seeing them everywhere now but anyways
get me from amber sent me this book and
I'm about halfway through it's called
Ingrid's prism it's pretty pretty good
she's such an intense writer um it's
about this book in her other book the
3-year liar about her life
and it's it's really interesting um oh
my god just realize it says for the true
identity of Senate Senator day me and
Preston will perhaps in the third book
of the series girl you need to write
another book with these I love him I'm
like addicted I'm also writing my books
I have six different novels in the
making right now plus one like um
another sort of like self-help with more
comedy book so it's like seven books
total in my computer like I just all
have finished I need to finish them but
I'm stuck I'm having writer's block so
have been reading other people's books
to kind of inspire me so I just finished
after we collided um which is a huge
huge book I just finished this so I've
been doing that and blobbin has an
intense actor he was just shaking and
crying I don't know how people do that
that's why I'll never be an actor he's
like composing
look at that oh yeah I came out with
this movie I need to change this movie I
can't I mean they are so sexy eat
chocolate man and I have jungle fever
like no one's else but we need to find
something funny When Harry Met Sally
there we go
there we go Billy Crystal okay I also
want to slam a vagina anyways guys I'm
gonna I'm like calm down
and not beat a fucking dog in heat right
now but Billy Crystal's giving me a
boner and Meg Ryan so I don't want to do
so anyways I don't know
did you something today oh yeah I saw I
saw kale today didn't vlog with him but
that was about it and then I kind of his
badge and I kind of like it hey watch my
face but I don't even put them on
anymore but ah thanks guys for watching
this was time n to me love me a blabbing
um I love you so much I'm like so
distracted my grind was so pretty what
happened to her face I don't know I love
you so much thank you for watching my
pillow pet Dumbo over here and I say
good night from me to you or from us to
you and I want to say hi to Miranda's
and until next time hear my kissies but
my little
