hey guys I'm looking like Doorly from a
nine to five do I not look like Dolly
Parton for my god she's got my gum
you're Melanie plus I'm going to a
business dinner
kind of sort of thing tonight which I
just commit a crime a letter through
your gum out or is that littering oops
over there Versace clutch um yeah with a
door lead from nine to five because I
have like a business function I don't
have really cute shoes if I can't see
but I did like that sort of get ready
with me and I got really big hair but I
tumble out of bed and I still wanted the
kitchen and I'm driving they let your
dreams to watch him shatter you just
step on the boss man's ladder but you've
got dreams he'll never go by a oh I sing
so good why am i a Dolly Parton and a
Waimea showing the Dolly Parton my boobs
are like huge and the shirt the white is
just making them extra large and in
charge
um well I really kind of feel like a boy
tonight I'd like my hair I like my
makeup my outfits like very tight but
classy because my you skirts down to my
knees I have long sleeves on there's not
so much cleavage I can have an inch
cleavage look classy cleavage as I like
to call it um but yeah I was actually
listening to can i define soundtrack the
Broadway version ah be because there's
more musical numbers in the 95 show and
I loved it so much I saw it when um the
girl from smash played orally and I was
like girl I gotta play it Doralee um
well no probably knocks I can't sing and
then the guy I love it for his name he
played Conrad birdie
and um in like the remake of it I can't
think was me but he was in it too
I don't know I'm getting so sidetracked
but I feel like a little business from
Aquash a steerable living let me just
zoom in so you guys remember as I just
oh my gosh I'm just like a hot mess all
together right now but in Hollywood
traffic going to meet hopefully a
potential awesome kind of gig so we'll
see how it goes I feel like I'm I've got
it together I'm not hot mess Trisha
tonight I feel like I'm pretty pretty
much with it because it's kind of a big
deal I'm kind of excited hopefully turns
out well fingers crossed we'll see how
it goes
going to meet a friend and he guesses
who that friends may be oh yes the long
reunited reunion of trail for the record
Cal and I have never stopped becoming
friends or being friends um he just
hasn't been in my vlogs lately because
he didn't like the drama rotos like
causing so much drama if I talk badly
about a guy everyone assumed it was kale
but Cal and I are not dating so there's
never any drama I'm talking about a boy
that I hate it's not kill I love count
it up so team kale I'm wearing this I'm
gonna surprise them today and I have my
neon green antiques to match and we're
going to our spot the Cheesecake Factory
that's kind of like our thing like that
way 6b2 but I've been eating a twisted
speech literally like that's I am but
the problem is I take so many places for
people to 26b chili creme about it and
then everybody always wants to eat there
every time I like we go out to eat so
I'm calling sick of it I mean like you
had a stick no no it's like a cheesecake
battery but like Oh like there's more
options at Cheesecake Factory to not get
sick of um also a positive note ah got
all our costumes for my music video have
fur teacher so excited I got the
costumes for the girls got costumes for
me just most important just kidding no I
wanted the girls to like you too
obviously I'm wearing the same one for
the black and white scene so yeah got
that taken care of
next we'll be ordering costumes for next
three videos I'm ordering costumes for
two of them and then
the fourth one we're doing is being
custom made and I'm really excited about
those two etiquette measurements for
that I got my new bag for Valentine's
Day I got my mom the exact same one so
I'm sure you'll be seeing my mom talking
about her bag and its retrieval cases to
Alice in Wonderland
oh by the way my glasses are d/deaf
everyone who asks and what else do I
have I have my wicked makeup on and our
fisken seam but I have one green eye and
one regular eye cuz I was doing we can
in five minutes this morning so it's
been a very productive day I've been on
my grind and I'm ready to eat because it
is like 2 o'clock and I'm starving so
hungry so hungry
