yeah that's a new one so hey there
YouTube I know right it's so cute thank
you YouTube again for maryfayce super
Mary Faye she's Australian and with the
big boobs and we just we totally okay so
like I got out of the car to pick up
food at my place where I always gonna
pick up food and like she's came up and
there's three that were in the birthday
and it was you guys were all together I
was like literally I don't think I'd
watch it here in like two days I just
came from the gym I look disgusting and
I was like oh my god
I had my hair up in like a bun bun and I
was like okay let me take this down so
it looks like we have some hair but she
is on YouTube so check her out and she's
asking blocking cameras me which is
hiding so really bloggers together it's
very rare to meet someone who also has a
YouTube channel that's like I just went
with Shane Dawson and Gigi yeah I hate
myself evideo right you look amazing
your boobs are amazing so everyone to
her and yeah okay now that we were
awkwardly lucky okay so now I'll come at
the end this vlog oh my gosh you guys I
have not vlog Dan like literally like a
helpful days just for the mere fact that
I haven't showered or washed my hair
this is how I showed up well that's how
I went to go get my food out of my car
with like a button on top of my head and
oh my god okay wait you home and put you
has done okay hopefully guys see me so I
walk out of the car in sweatpants and
this I'm so gross I like just worked out
and on top of that when I say I'm in
shower man I'm washing my hair and like
probably till the girl two days I think
we've literally four days I honestly
rarely ever see anyone like just my go
pick up food like from valet to going to
pick up food it's like literally like
like a good 20 seconds sprint and I
never see anyone and I was so excited
cuz it was um you guys don't seem in my
vlog but on her vlog I think her name is
Miriam I was like so it was overwhelmed
there was three little fishies
doesn't move I bring right on my phone
there's three little fishies and before
my wall together
there's two ones that will only want
little they're teenagers and they were
so cute and there is the birthday and I
didn't they were all together because
then the other one came up and I was
just like oh my gosh I was overwhelmed I
looked so ugly had me here like this
okay guys like I'll take a selfies by
which I don't mind geeky selfies you
know what it is I feel mostly bad that
that I look so ugly for their selfie you
know what I mean it would be like if I
thought when I was like younger if I saw
Britney Spears out or something and I
like really really wanted a picture with
her and then she wasn't like her whole
like Britney Spears self I would
probably be slightly disappointed and so
that's how I always kind of think with
me when I'm like not I don't like it I
don't mind it but then I feel bad like
that's their picture they have with me
it's like gross okay honestly guys I
didn't even wash my face day I would gym
and then I also worked on my house like
this whole week I've been well the
beginning of the week was like this
weird like depression thing because
something fell through when we masters I
was logging it said we might be
celebrating something big and we kind of
felt through which was like okay
whatever
you know it just made me depressed for
like a few days I'm over now when then I
finally was able to be like productive
and like my house and like oh I was just
having boxes like pack up I don't even
know where I'm going with this I don't
know where that had to do with anything
but it was so nice meeting you guys and
um I get really really I get really
really excited meeting everybody but oh
my gosh I just felt so so gross I still
apologize I means I'm gonna go out
looking like with no makeup and my hair
up and I'm fine but like literally from
the gym gross and like in my sports bra
and it's like like ratty tank top I'm
just like sorry and I wanted to give him
hugs too because they were so see it I
just like I'm so sunny okay and why I
vlogged with the one fish she was
because she had a vlogging camera in a
YouTube channel I don't usually vlog and
if I meet you guys unless like someone
specifically asked to be in it which I
think somebody did a book signing I
think my Toronto book signing someone
has to be and then like I'll totally
blog like obviously that makes the vlogs
more interesting and like fellow fishies
can see other veggies and what everyone
looks like it's really interesting to me
when I meet you guys I don't want to be
one of those people have like a camera
in your face if you don't want to be on
camera or maybe you're like
witness protection program or maybe
you're not supposed to be out or maybe
your mom doesn't want you out or maybe
you're cheating on your boyfriend with
the guy you're out way I don't never
know the situation's I'm never like hey
be on my blog but so she was vlogging
and had my camera I wanted to vlog so
I'll find her vlog and subscribe to her
so obviously I will not I shouldn't say
obviously I did I haven't watched her
but she's gonna tweet me and she lives
really close to me in this area and so I
was like oh my god girl like Shaco I you
know I'm never gonna be pushing you to
clap in the small Channel but then she
said she had 130,000 subscribers I'm
like this guy's not a small Channel
that's huge
I'm collab with small channels I have
like literally a thousand subscribers
like a lot of channels and when I first
met them have literally 5000 subscribers
like it doesn't matter to me like how
big it is I get what she's saying like
sometimes if you treat people and they
don't really know what you're about or
your vibe it's kind of um kind of hard
to like one a collab like I guess you
know I don't know if that makes sense
but you know I get what she was saying
like like you know you get people
tweeting you like hey let's collab and
you don't know if they're close to you
if they're if you're into the same thing
and the Jo sent a friend that had a
gaming channel and she was a girl and
she was a redhead I didn't know she was
a youtuber otherwise I forgot her on -
I'm just really excited I don't know if
you guys can tell but I just not like
this hi when I meet you guys like
especially ones that are excited and at
YouTube and she just did all you guys on
the thing she just did by the way I was
so distracted by her boobs I understand
why people are distracted by my boobs
now like I guess I don't really meet
people with like large press that often
or I don't interact with large breasted
people that often so for me I'm always
like why are people so distract about my
boobs but I get it like I was vlogging
and I just was looking down her shirt
she was so so cute an Australian which
makes me have a renewed faith in
Australians really but yeah anyways that
was just I was it was off in her long
shoots over our awkwardly just eating
here if not that it's like awkward but I
think because I didn't know that they
were not together or I didn't think they
were together I don't know
a weird thing and I'm a hair and then I
don't ever know people want pictures if
there's one picture you guys need to
tell me right away because I always feel
bad like sometimes people tweet me acid
eat me and say I wish I got a picture
and I was like oh my god like I wish you
would have told me cuz I just assumed
you don't want a picture with this
especially if you see me in person you
know I just assumed me wanna say hey
love your videos I don't need a picture
I'm good and then I don't wanna be that
person's like hey want a picture like no
I'm good okay
I'm embarrassed so okay I'm rambling
like a million miles a minute and I'm
greasy and gross and I don't even know
why I'm arguing I haven't vlogged since
probably masters I don't think I have
long something else oh I don't think
I've vlogged since then because I've
literally been like this like all week
just gross and boobs but gross and I
mean come on this hair that's been fixed
a couple weeks and subscribe to not that
I don't remember it's just like all one
snows trying to get one's name and
birthday 'then I get so excited I can't
fully there's people that watch me and
that like me and it makes me so happy
and they're so nice to me they're just
like okay I'm gonna die
I also apologize to my viewing audience
and I look so girls today I promise I
promise I'm getting myself together I've
been wearing no makeup and my hair up
because I've been feeling this past year
basically but I'm gonna start pretty
much all together so I apologize to you
guys - doesn't matter I mean like it was
legit 9 p.m. guys I went home and it
hate and then one of my thumbnails
chipped off and since I have kind of a
big day tomorrow want I'm filming what
I'm also have a very big important
meeting tomorrow um I had to get them
fixed and so that's what I'm doing or
that's what I just did and I'm so tired
I'm so exhausted they talked me into
getting ready Valentine's Day I don't
really love red nails alyssum doing like
some sort of like pinup
an ingenue but ended up getting it plus
a white accent nail I don't know um
anyways yeah I thought just give me
update so if you see me in a vlog
tomorrow like um but these nails look
like when did she get this done and I
was thing about that tails like well it
really matter if I tell them well but
then I'm like I feel you is a part of my
life and every little thing I do I feel
like I should involve you in probably
not necessary pie or thinking that but
that's my night and I gotta go home and
shower because I'm getting my hair not
hair like done done but like an updo
tomorrow it's not kind of I don't know I
have a new hair person coming over not
because I don't love my other ones but
because they're busy so fingers crossed
my hair is a mess and this can't see
anything and I'm trying dumb so I'm
going to stop filming cuz I know y'all
hate it and onion enjoy this piece of
gum before I get home
nap shower
