thank you very much
masters of my mommy it's dark but it's
gone
a little dark but it's cool
I know but we come back with what guys
we just got our dinner Serpentor lobster
masters is so yummy it's such a treat
we're celebrating something maybe but I
can't tell you what yeah
so many secrets hey everyone so I just
filmed the video this morning it's kind
of like a before video and I'm really
excited about it because I'm starting
like I'm really really cracking down
today on just exercising and eating
better for a number of reasons one I
always feel sluggish I took a nap today
it's only three o'clock and I turn it
out between like eleven and two and I
just feeling a little tired and sluggish
and not only that I have a music video
that I'm shooting literally in less than
three weeks and so I'm just trying to
like you know eat healthier and like
just workout and just everything feel
good for it look good for that sort of
thing so I just filmed a video and I'm
feeling really good about it I honestly
have never felt more sluggish I
definitely this weekend it's so so much
I don't I'm gonna fuck I guess I flunked
a little bit of it but I was eating so
so much that I just honestly feel like
sick about it yeah there's only one to
eat and that's a bad way to be - so I'm
just like wolf-like today I just I
haven't ate and I just don't really feel
like you cuz I'm just like so much and I
hate that way cuz I like literally
yesterday stuffed myself to the point of
sickness and anyone who is an emotional
eater a binge eater or eat just to enjoy
herself so much knows about the struggle
of eating till you're in physical pain
like you can't breathe and I was doing
that not just one day but the past week
and it's a lot it was a lot I was
dealing you know ever since I found out
my mom cancer I started motional eating
I've been stressed about this album I've
been stressed about other personal
things in my life and I've just been
eating eating eating uhm because when I
eat food it makes me happy food gives me
comfort all food does you know they say
they have comfort food well every food
is comfort food to me I feel better when
I eat but again I indulge obviously
imposters and cheeses and cakes and
cookies and I gave my mom yesterday cuz
I knew I was gonna eat healthier you
know for the next couple weeks just till
I give myself some my energy back um
thinking about all my cookies because I
have cookies delivered to my house like
I'm on this like monthly subscription
thing
nah I didn't do it I got it as a gift
from a very lovely friend and I really
really appreciate it it's just like
there's so many cookies and I had people
over in a while so I felt like I was
eating all the cookies and so I just
gave it to my mom because I was like mom
I was becoming addicted to him the guy I
would be good in the past and just have
one like on the weekend but lately like
I said with all this like not I won't
call drama like emotional turmoil that
I'm in at the moment it just is like
reach for cookie Treacher cookie and I
feel better but in the end I actually
feel really awful which is yeah I know
it's annoying and repetitive of me to
say I'm starting to eat healthy I
started work out guys and like not
following through with it but honestly
for me to verbalize it it gives me that
motivation that kicking the butt to
actually like do it and I've done this
to my family so my family's always like
so no there'sthere's just couldn't even
I what I'm like I'm starting a diet
tomorrow like you'll have to bounce it
but I need to announce it for myself
because it does motivate me in that
direction and I feel like when I edit
these which is usually like a week later
now when I'm filling it I like do it oh
yeah that's right you need to stick to
it so yeah so anyways that was not the
point of this video the point is video
is we are going location standing from a
music video today we're just gonna get
me even more excitement energy and
motivation to look good feel good all
that stuff for it and I'm really excited
I can't wait to hear the song the first
single off the album the whole album is
amazing but the first song is gonna it's
just it's you're gonna you're just gonna
kill it it is a remake and I don't I
don't know what hands to give all I know
is I can say that on my Instagram
perhaps you may know you may get it or
was I think once I put it out there
people will be like oh you know she's
like hinting out of here hinting out up
there cuz I feel like it's obvious
because I know the song so I don't know
I didn't want it to be a surprise
I'm so bad at keeping secrets and
keeping surprises I'm like the worst at
it but
I'm really really excited by the way
guys oh my gosh I have something really
exciting to tell you guys - but it's not
a thousand percent happening it's like
99.9% happening and it's something
really big - in my personal life not
marriage or pregnancy it's nothing that
it's me in my life but it's something
really exciting and I think it'll be
really exciting for you guys if because
I can document so much of it and I'm
really excited just because I don't know
a lot is happening a lot of teenagers
are happening when something traumatic
my life is going on I want to change I
think so ever since I found out my mom
had cancer I've been just I've just been
wanting to change everything about my
life which is I don't think it's bad I
think it's kind of like a healing sort
of thing or therapeutic thing to change
and all that kind of stuff um I just got
this on my mom and she found we we had a
second doctor she had a second doctor
Tom tell her something that's not as
great as what we originally heard so
basically we have two different doctors
saying two different things and that's
never good so basically I was like we
need okay we got the second opinion
which is something completely different
the first doctor told us but he's not a
breast cancer specialist like our first
one so I was like come on I was talking
about the first one you know second one
obviously had good points wanting to
just kill the whole thing with you know
the chemo and the removing of the
breasts and all that stuff like that or
just very extreme but you don't worry I
see that point too but then it's a lot
to put my mom through if she if it's not
necessary so I was talking to mom about
that and the option so I told my mom I
said you know we should really go to
another cancer specialist and Ian so
we're looking into that because you know
I love my mom I want her to get rid of
the cancer as much as anyone but if it's
if it's something that's not necessary
which we were originally told the chemo
and all that stuff is not necessary
and I would hate for her to go through
it because I know it's intense
you know my dad's mom I didn't know her
my grandma paid us a straight for us
born from breast cancer
and so I know when he's a chiid visit a
hospital and she's going through chemo
she was very very sick and it just uh
everyone talked about it because it's
gonna break my heart but you know
starting to say positive and strong my
mom said mom okay it's okay cuz I think
I was overwhelmed at all and doing all
these appointments and making her MRI is
in her mammograms and all this other
stuff she has to do in order to do the
next steps um say no shoots over once I
was just becoming strong for I said well
it's okay let's get another opinion make
know it's gonna be fine let's just you
know you said it was not aggressive
which is good and so is ordering and I
don't know if I mentioned it's done but
I was gonna choose some but I wanted to
film for us I know people came i
gum-chewing so much I'm so sorry guys I
don't know I'm shooting I'm yesterday
with my sister when we were going to
look at something that might be the
change happening in my life and I mr.
mercury no I don't think I'm trying
shows no I don't really notice that I'm
like because people on YouTube complain
so much about it and she's like I don't
notice it my family's never said
anything about it so I didn't know I
mean I knew because like I said some
other people have to mention it before
but I know but anyways I got my Ohio
State shirt on and my red bandana cuz my
hair is a mess and I can't wait to get
my weird but a couple weeks it seems so
long away but so excited to get that but
yeah okay well I'm in traffic I need to
get gas but I'm in this like gridlock
traffic on the freeway so
I guess we'll see how goes hopefully let
me get there actually I took me there
and half our days I'm going ago so we're
going location scouting it's a school so
we had to wait till school is out and um
to tour it because we might rent it out
for the shoot so it should be so freakin
cool and this high school is iconic and
I'm so excited about it if I mention it
earlier then I guess I'm an idiot and
said I don't know I'm like I'm honestly
not even thinking credit is blabbing
which is story my life but yeah anyways
I want to chew some gum and listen to my
songs
so when way so when I go record on
Wednesday I think hold no it's not gonna
be the last day we have one more day
after Wednesday to finish this L buns so
hopefully it'll be good
