so we are here at the UCLA mom in and
stayed with her and got got some results
got some some next up sort of things and
luckily it said it wasn't that
aggressive I remember I'll tell you more
about it but I just want to update you
guys that it's not a very aggressive
cancer which is good they still have to
take some more out and we don't know the
stage yet cuz it's still too early but
very nice very nice facility wearing the
Revlon Breast Cancer Center in the
basement of building 200 and so that's
what kind of where we're at at the
moment so mom's keeping her energy up
and she's keeping positive as we all are
I got me my sister her all these crosses
and I got her us these bracelets it's
pink for breast cancer so yeah so I just
came out here because my mom is just
getting her breast exam so I left so
they could do that and then I'm just
gonna go back and check it out but we
walked past these legs and I'm just like
hold my cross and just praying that it
doesn't have to get to that stage which
fingers cross it doesn't so and it is I
appreciate all its prayers I got my mom
a prayer card for Saint Peregrine but it
hasn't come in the mail yet so hopefully
it comes today because I got it today
delivery hoping it come today well
actually I was hoping had come before
today but it still has yet to come so
thank you guys for your prayers and your
continued support and like I said in my
mom I have heard she has a camera in
here that I've been filming for her
because she she wanted to film this so
she's still in her journey and she's
staying strong and my sister is also
here today
so right your skillet and I thought I
just gave up because I know a lot of
guys who are concerned and we still her
too but like I said just keeping
optimistic positive happy careful
everything will be and you can see me
now but got my wild soccer shirt on I
felt like this elephant is like good
luck right someone told me that and like
a different like your legend but it's
really nice campus really nice centers
where Michael Jackson died so you know
they got to be good
well I don't know if that's good but you
know I'm coming here you know they have
to be good so I've been here couple
times myself in the hematology lab for
testing and her ports and all that stuff
one so stressed around here so busy it's
like just relax just take breathers
we're in a medical center like just wish
people would be more positive and
yelling and it's not a good fun
environment for the people who are sick
to be around the job here for my mom
Steele she'll do good she's she's gonna
do good so I better get back down there
just in case thing I just want to go get
snacks and then my mom's already done
yeah well I told them we have pretty
good news I said to watch your channel
because my mom will tell you more about
it but we got I think it's good news is
we could have look bad so far so here so
now I got stamps but we're almost done
it that she's gonna be a while so now we
go ok i got jalapeno chips like an extra
ones too so we can all do it so we're
leaving UC Medical Center very nice how
you feel and I've home that you're
feeling good much a little relieved
right now yeah me too I think we all are
so we'll be back soon probably here in
the next couple weeks or so all right
yeah that's it so we just got to Temple
ground and I got lobster keys and I'm
without welcome refugees we're
celebrating it's such a such good news
it's good news as we could get so it's
always good very excited so now we're
eating and tone down on all our little
carbs my favorite that's my favorite
monster we don't like them but our other
dining guests look like some so we're
like so creepy
remember here priestly bitch
I in her I got our YSL and Prada oh okay
I didn't know she's thank you because
she's getting another one here I'm like
Oh
so we are just living
mr. 30 that is though she doing yeah so
I just got my mom her first Louie
Vuitton purse because her little
Valentino she just using so much I'm
like I'm you're gonna wear that oh it's
not that kind of bag to wear every day
but I know she loves it so we got her
boys yep Mattingly you shouldn't have to
wear designer this you know they just
are like let's just make this I'm
practical but we got our huge one we're
getting brand-new once and I so I'm sure
when she gets that she'll show you but I
got the exact same one plus we got our
little mink ball now we're going to be
calling my gosh oh my bag oh no perform
every so sad humanity no no reverently
Center but yes so now mommy and a little
key fob YouTube video that's a really
exciting that's a killer this home so I
know challenge is so crazy today
oh do you have your card alright let's
go get them
c'mon dancing I was from frigging move
about boots and then
oh no we just got some she got worn I
got my toy seat we got the pricey
cookies and yeah which we get our
Louie's eggs but not today
so mom's back's been hurting her so
we're gonna go sit down and I gotta show
her today I'm so excited she's gonna
have your first video I don't even know
how it is either but it's fun to add it
because then you can watch your whole
day everything you've started from the
beginning it's so fun I love doing it so
my sister walking so ahead of us but
whatevs on the move like us
