okay so I woke up this morning and I
have been editing videos all day it's
literally where I am in my wicked shirt
and sweatpants and I was just about to
go for a walk and they've been really
busy the past couple days um I haven't
been able to see my mom and my mom my
nope Stern way to hang out and stuff
like that um going through us have time
aside from recovering from surgery and
her breast cancer other personal issues
she's dealing with not health-wise thank
God but I mean really I don't think
there could be another more bigger
health problem that she could deal with
at the moment but I mean I guess there
could be so I guess we gotta be thankful
that she's physically feeling well but
she's dealing with some stuff this week
in her personal life and I know she's
been wanting to hang out and I have been
just all over the place and so finally
today I had like a breather and I was
gonna go for a walk and I said mommy
won't unlock and get some lunch so that
way we're doing something healthy I'm
feeling good and anyways my mom likes to
walk a lot I know she went on like a
three-hour walk on Monday um which I
don't even get to blog okay no I was
like I'm so busy and then you're like um
I don't know what the last vlog is did
you guys seen but it's probably like me
like laying in bed or something because
sometimes when I'm really busy I don't
blog or I forget my camera or Monday
night Shane and his mom came over when
we filmed a video and I didn't even blog
like I just kind of forgot that was like
such a rush day there was so much
happening that day too and his friend
Pam came over which was really fun
because I remember her from my old
school shame vlog so that was like a
super fun time um and I just didn't log
any of it I he he did though he flogged
but you know if I'm not forgetting my
camera that I'm forgetting charge my
battery change my battery or is saying
right now charge the battery pack which
maybe I should do because I always have
a backup one I'm gonna go change it just
so it doesn't cut this off okay so now
we're back in action so as I was saying
I always have a battery on beep backup
and oh my gosh there something else I
want to show you guys hold on oh okay
the other thing I assure you before I
get into this unboxing which I'm think
I'm gonna do a full haul on my channel
but I was on my walk yesterday and I
came across this worn Agyei active
living and if you can tell by the
handles well I don't you tell her now I
literally carried this probably four
miles yesterday but Jenna doesn't seem
like a lot but it is kind of a lot when
have like a heavy bag because they have
the cutest little active Fitness clothes
and probably do a full halt on my
channel about this water a trellis which
I thought was like so cute I needed
water because I didn't bring mine with
me singing the water but they have like
the cutest workout clothes and me that's
just one but like only have the esurance
yeah I just want to I'll do a full
Halloween channel but these are cute
right I guess I kind of like swim trunks
somebody look yet but I just loved the
bright colors and I have more bright
colors in here
but yeah so Q I thought it was just like
a local store like near me but I guess
it's like kind of mainstream sort of
thing and if you spent $200 or more you
got this like free late 2015 better
living
um diary planner um and yeah that was
like really cool cuz I was like fitness
stuff in it but at the same time it has
like things that you can like write down
your schedule and I love books like that
so I'm actually I changed this because
it is like a fitness well being one
which I am you know I'm trying and you
know I know I would like to like give me
a copy be like oh you're really trying
like if I Instagram the cookies or
something that like a really true movie
moves through woo like well I'm trying
I'm making efforts you know I feel like
at least if I'm making an effort it's
better than not it's better than just
totally being off the handle every day
but anyways I don't I really care but
yeah I thought I would share that with
you guys for those who do care and I
will do a full wholeness on my um my
other channel but today I wanted to do
my mom Jason I was coming over I'm like
losing my mind I'm out my mom is coming
over yeah I did say that I would welcome
that so I thought of that of Halon but I
wanted to do an unboxing first so once
again I was not really planning on doing
an unboxing because I already opened it
but the packaging but the packages was
so cute like I feel like when I send
packages even to like my friends or
family or whoever I'm saying - I just
don't have that instinct to make things
cute in the package I don't know what it
is I love cute things I love making cute
things I'm all about packaging inside
but when I send like step on boxes I'm
like literally just like bubble wrap the
trash bags
you know newspaper like that kind of
thing but it really is a wonderful
beautiful presentation and it is from my
friend amber I think I've talked about
her before um I like texting like okay
no offense to anyone who has my number
or anything obviously even my own family
and friends this applies to them - I
hate texting with a patch
like I hate when people text me and just
to be like hey what's up what are you
doing like I just I don't like it I
don't like not got the phone either it's
like if you want to hang out say hey do
anything out Saturday like I like that I
don't know I mean sometimes I like tax I
guess if I'm gonna text a mood and
sometimes I'm n texting once I get it
but mostly I'm I'm not a texting mood
and I just get annoyed and then like
what I don't respond to like oh that
does everything oh cool yeah have you
just authorized me to very much just
kidding I love hanging out with people
in person so I don't think I'm like a
terrible friend
I am probably terrible friends but I had
no friends but anyways so this is from
my friend amber um cyber friend amber so
I have a lot of like people I meet
online either they watch my videos i
watch their videos in this case we
watched each other's videos so I found
her name's was Amber Walter on YouTube
and I found her through Shannon Rose and
they did a swaps together and I watched
chance whap and I thought oh she got
really cute stuff like let me like over
and like the other girl swap and the
other girl was so cute she I believe
we're the same age I think she might be
like 6 months older than me I think or
maybe 6 months younger something like
that um but we're pretty much the same
age and um and where was it going with
that oh she's blonde and she's really
awesome she's a really awesome youtuber
and definitely does not get the video
shoot reserves cuz she's she's she does
long logs she's like vlogs all the time
and I started following her and I start
reading her books and she did kind of a
memoir type book which was a fictional
setting but it was pretty much based on
her life called it through your lion I
ended up buying it myself purchasing it
myself because you know I want to be
like a creeper and be like hey like
whatever but it was a really interesting
book and she even says you know it's a
very inappropriate book about an
inappropriate relationship between
sexual relationship between this 11 year
old girl which was her and a senator and
I'm like whoa that's an interesting book
and it was really really good and really
really interesting and just um I really
enjoyed it so I tweeted her and I direct
messaged her and I was like girl like I
can relate to so many things like I
don't know I just started like feeling
connections and when people vlog I tend
to get to know them more and you know
she watched my videos i watch her so
anyways we kinda just became friends and
um she's like I would love to send you
my other book so I say cool cool like
that's awesome because she didn't have
another book and I just didn't really
hear much about it and I don't know I
mean I'm not really a reader and less
I'm like traveling and I just so happen
to be going on a cruise that's why I got
her first book but anyways um so she's
like else on your book but you know
again once again this looks like way
more than a books I thought okay let me
just do an unboxing um
and so yeah happy Valentine's Day My
Little Pony which is like the cutest
opening ever I totally remember these
from like middle school I love it so
much
Trisha I can't resist buying little kid
cards lol hope you like the little
goodies in the Bart goodies and the
Barbie book since you are a Barbie chip
oh yeah I remember when I first started
watching her I like went and watch her
old videos and she would do these like
Barbie like videos and I was like kind
of confused
I was like wait she really thinks she's
Barbie is she playing a character like
she's crazy I think Ambra has like legit
crazy but of course I love creative
people so I'm crazy too
hope you like my other book as well it's
a different kind of messed up than my
first book but explains a lot
you are such a beautiful cool girl now
her broke first book was very sexual and
it's like I want to read I knew I had to
do it like sex and stuff like that and I
wanted to read it and then the the I
know first ones like a prequel to it
like her abusive child at which to me I
didn't have like a physically abusive
childhood but um I I was feel a little
more uncomfortable I know that seems
weird because obviously sex with a minor
is very inappropriate and makes me
uncomfortable too but since it was a
fictional thing was a little different
and I don't know maybe now I don't know
something about like abuse though I
don't know always kind of like oh but I
want to read it and hopefully I can get
through it but um yeah that's really
nice of you girl thanks for that the car
that was really sweet
um and yeah and I know why people want
to send me stuff I don't have a peel box
for myself I did open one for my mom
mostly for my mom but if you feel
compelled to like like Josh I just have
to give this I just have to say this to
you or give this to you or something
like that like if you just like really
really want you you could always send it
to my mom's peel box but again I kind of
just did that more for her for like her
stuff to open and chances are should
probably open it because she's the one
that would get it and stuff like that
and I just don't really have any room in
my house for boxes I get so many boxes
as is
so um cheap I open it and stuff like
that but don't feel like the need to or
anything I have a storage unit with so
many of your eise's stuff from my when I
had a peel box and it was just it was
wonderful but then I would feel so bad
because if I did that you couldn't show
her in a video or I couldn't send a
personal response back in the mail like
I just felt really really guilty so just
a disclaimer I love love love getting
stuff from you guys it means so much to
me the cards everything I have them all
in binders in my storage unit it means
so much because one day if this is all
gone I will have it to look back on and
be like wow like I did something awesome
I was like helping people you don't I
mean because that's what most of my
cards were was like you helped me
through so much you'll ever know like
all that stuff and it means so much to
me so having said that you are more than
welcome to send something there but
don't don't I can't I can't promise like
a response personally through the mail
or something you know I just it was so
hard for me to keep up I try to send
thank you so everyone who sent me
something but it just got to be a lot
and same thing with my sign books I
still want to like do my sign books but
that got to be a lot as well and it's
just you know more so than you would
think you know I love it but honestly
would have to be like 24 hours answering
things and I don't know I just feel like
Twitter and stuff it's just a lot
quicker but again if you feel like a lot
of someone like we really want to send
something you could set it there um okay
I don't know I was like Bobby anyway um
so Oh like cute how cute this is like
this is like a swap for oh I see I was
like oh that my mom my mom's here oh my
gosh will this have to be this might be
to be continued I think it's her all
right guys this is a cliffhanger cuz my
mom just showed up step this will be to
be continued I haven't even opened the
first package yet so stay tuned to the
end of this video to see what's in it
hey you got here quick hereõs
dad you're cold is it cold out to walk
no it's cold or what house oh it's warm
in here I was just adding my unboxing
you're on my blog my Trish's like laughs
you look cute Oh help me Mommy
I'm good here I know me either
I got to show you my thing all right
guys this will be a to be continued we
will vlog soon when we go on our Walker
yeah you're my mommy a hug now all right
so we're just leaving Lorna Jane which I
showed you just beginning of what I got
yesterday I got something else cuz my
mom turn on the sports bar that was so
so cute
it was the most adorable thing ever so I
was like it made her boobs look amazing
and something I'm getting onto so we end
up getting one but painful ugly bags
this time I was not happy about my bag
last time I was getting read more bag
trees Apple and like it's this ugly one
but I know what else baby hey bruh
Franko we having I was in two minds on
my pitch as he rushed ain't got it but
look at this people are not with the
crosswalk
alright so I've been on a walk we went
out for a walk what we've already we had
lunch together and I'm going shopping
gonna go look at the library get a Jamba
Juice and walk home and get cam right
next to the library are you sure what
time is it I mean I don't know okay well
we'll figure it out I guess but that's
what we're doing today maybe we won't go
to library maybe we'll just go get Jamba
Juice and head home we'll see cuz we
have to give my mom a camera we open up
we got lots do alright we'll figure it
out but I see how it goes
hey guys I have had one of these in a
while we can't even had Jamba Juice
this time I get a small I don't get a
medium huh
if I take you out here do you want a
video I didn't work
oh yeah you're probably look at it here
look man my mom can't take video on our
phones to store chain's full my mom
literally takes no pictures doesn't
download any music so weird so Trisha I
gave her her dancer yeah well I got
matching ones for women groovy things
happen pink sapphires and I got it as a
diamond cross and I got one for my
sister me cuz we're gonna take her to
the doctor we're gonna go with her on
Friday for jazz so um so yeah she had
the carrot orange carrot fusion so it's
really kind of good I got some in my
trunk alot so let's see if we can figure
out mom's thing
got our bags and we're gonna head home
good day with mommy so classic okay hey
I look creepy i legit look like Patrick
Swayze from ghost or Bob Marley from the
ghost of Christmas past like I look like
a ghost right now this is like a creepy
creepy like something but anyways in the
car and it's night and it is the same
day I carry stuff um it is all the same
day when we were not from the unboxing
to my mom then I came home and showered
and now I'm eating my music producing
partner because I'm like literally going
into the studio next week to finish my
EP and so there's just a lot of like
loose ends we got to talk about and all
the stuff like that which I'm so stoked
for you guys to hear these songs they're
so freakin good like I am just blown
away I'm blown away if I do say so
myself but it's hard to blow me away I'm
very hard on myself believe it or not um
so I'm so excited for that I'm so
excited I'm getting a full week guys I
don't think I told you guys on this
channel yet but I'm getting a full weave
I'm so excited because you all know my
top hair be busted and I just really
want a full week because I seen when
people get their full like closures out
there front closures out and stuff like
that their hair grows so much from a we
like the braiding and stuff so I'm like
so excited to do that like
me too because I haven't got my roots
done since literally December 8th no no
before that because I shot my music
video December 8th
so like December 3rd was like legit the
last time I got my hair done but for
good reason cuz it's like it's just like
a mess right now so I'm going to let it
grow let it grow
um as I croak um so yeah I'm super
excited that where's like oh so yeah
music pretty super tonight and I'm gonna
go back and finish the unboxing because
I feel like I've been looking forward
all day to what is inside that box
I was so great to see my mom today my
mom's sweet little angel I just love her
so so much whenever I spend time with
her I just feel love and warmth and
positivity and we're at the stage of my
life I'm almost 47 years old where we
can just be friends and just be the
mother-daughter just really get close
and I've been really enjoying this time
and it's kind of sad to say but even you
know her being diagnosed with breast
cancer was a thing for me that I just
need to let every little thing that I've
ever had a complaint about from my mom I
got in a fight with her literally like a
couple weeks before right before surgery
I did oh and I of course like apologize
because I I get mad so easily over
little things and this has taught me to
let those little things go because life
changes like that literally like that
life changes life changes so fast that
you don't have a day a minute an hour to
waste on petty petty things so I love my
mom I was on my mom but it's just like
I'm letting everything go with my mom
with my sister with anybody that I've
ever had issues with like I even think
back now and it's like it haunts me at
how how much time wasted when I would
refuse to talk to people because I can't
hold grudges I can hold grudges like no
other that is my talent I'm a grudge
holder but I got it like let it go even
last year with a one of my friends I
held a grudge and I you know I missed
out on an important event
and it made me feel so bad that it's
such a stupid little thing that we gotta
fight over that I miss such a big event
in this person's life and that's it's
it's stupid like live love in the moment
don't hold grudges let the little things
go and life will be awesome and so being
with my mom and stuff and like I said I
know it should not be an excuse and so
therefore I'm giving it to you guys now
my advice that I learned through all
this so you don't have to wait til a
traumatic event happens in your life
that each moment counts every word
counts every hug counts every I love you
counts and um that's just pretty much it
so anyways I'm getting I'm getting he
ran out of 26 speech so I'm gonna let
you guys go but yeah that was my little
my little spiel thanks for keeping me
company in the car okay no he said there
was a long parking just look in the back
here 26 feet my favorite place in the
world I think I see you but think you
see a scar
boom boom boom yeah thanks for keeping
me as company thanks you guys for
keeping me company right as ever I like
it thank you guys to keep me company I
hate driving alone places all right I
think I can park you think this is him
okay here we go
a parked we're parked we're parked and
we're at 26 feet yes see nice Oh let's
park it first see you guys soon alright
guys it is the end of the night and it
is getting late but I'm so excited I
just can't wait to find out what is in
this box I feel like that was definitely
the cliffhanger and normally in vlogs I
just kind of like a why and you guys a
great what happened at the beginning but
I remember been thinking about this all
day um so I'm going to continue opening
my bus from amber um this day has been
so long so long but um just another day
in the Trish life literally this is like
pajamas I went out in this shirt and
this is by wild Fox couture while Fox
was like wearing pajamas in public and I
loved it so fun oh so cute okay so I
think I left you with the owl peg but
since I already saw this and opened it I
saw all this yummy candy and there's
intense dark
Ghirardelli first of all as I said
Charlie Tango but maybe it's like a plan
words like shades of grey right asking
that but it says cherry Tango sea salt
sorwe alright I got these kinda
conversation part and these little sweet
tart pops just super cool of her I know
um amber is vegan so thank you so much
for picking these up for me I always
feel like deacons buying like regular
food it's like don't touch it it's bad
so thank you well kids aren't vegan me
with their vegan but I doubt it because
between her and Shannon and freely I
always know that vegans don't really eat
chocolate us it's a special vegan
chocolate so learning I'm learning about
the vegan life Oh Jay dump this out why
I'm so confused okay so oh yeah
this was the bag oh I think it fell out
a little candy by the way and you keep
this candy out because this sounds
amazing tonight's my night of editing
yeah yeah this is sweet
it's so nice - some more tissue paper
packaging is like gorgeous grow to a
professional Packer because somethin
what a lemon L okay I think this is the
original bag this that I showed right
before my mom showed up today because
Shammi hydration mask but it almost feel
like liquidy and it's hard to tell how
to really use it because it's all in
Japanese but I think it's like cutest
little thing ever so well when I open
that I'll show you guys in a vlog
because I feel like maybe is either
liquid or it's like a liquid mask I'm
really excited because I love Japanese
things and I definitely love Japanese
beauty products so definitely keeping
that out
oh my gosh baby lips crystals crystals
first of all I knew baby lips more than
anything in my life baby lips my lips
have been so dry and I've been wishing
them but wonder why this is crystal
someone tell me why this has crystal on
there because I don't think there's
sparkles this was really good so
confusing why this is what makes this
crystal but I'm really excited to try
this and thank you girl for it bad
more beauty stuff oh my gosh it's still
that seem like Japanese company well
this one's Bulgarian right Rose mask and
it does look like one of those like face
masks that you probably think is it's
really really cool and then this one out
I love these my spa life sympathies on
all the time I wear the quarren Lane
ones and these are beautiful they're
like action you put them in the freezer
first night and wear them tomorrow
morning to de-puff my eyes but that's
flippin awesome thank you so much oh my
gosh she knows me so well and then I see
that's all I think this looks like this
is the grand finale it seems to me one
more so this is her book which I'm
assuming this is her because it does
look like her and if not like a very
good fiction oh this is
such a cute book this is like amazing I
love everything about this book abuse
pain and tear the nightmare story of an
11 year old trial that became senator
Damien Preston story Ingrid's prison but
this is so cool girl
Trisha hey girlie I'm beyond excited to
send you my second book and I've even
more excited for you to read it it is so
cool to me that you even run my first
one you are such a cool person I feel
like we are sisters from another mister
hope to meet you soon and to be honest I
really do i I did feel like a connection
amber when I read her books and I
watched your videos there was something
that connected me I don't know you don't
know why ever connected people on
YouTube but this is really cool this
book is beautiful girl like this is a
beautiful looking book first of all and
I'm really excited to read this so
excited yeah the three no I was an
amazing amazing book I don't think I
talked about I think I mentioned a vlog
and then I was on the cruise and I kind
of forgot but I'm very excited to read
this book thank you so so much I would
have just bought it and then I kind of
forget and I'll ask us to thank you for
sending that to me and then oh this is
the Barbie book oh my god I used to love
books like this Tommy tell me I'm crazy
there's always I'm the only one that was
like this but in school when your
teachers read out books when they write
unto you and they would open it up with
their little hands and she wrote my name
in there and the Kiwi both of water
sometimes we go swimming in the ocean
and when they show you and said we like
to relax too sometimes we go for boat
rides on something and did you always
want to be that teacher to be like
displaying the book because it looks so
beautiful this is so cute thank you this
kinda like amber actually thank you
thank you so much girl oh my gosh what a
cool embossing I reach out to sometimes
girls on YouTube just to be like hey I
love your videos and then they're always
so sweet there I guess Wendy's been
really going I don't know what does that
mean anything that was so gaunt
wonderful and when I see you in person I
gave you a big hug and I was into my
book she said she read my book so I'm
like well maybe some sailu but that's a
weird present to give some
right off the bat like here are some
loopin massage oil and that will figure
out something girl when you come back
but thank you so much I was so excited
legit all day I was so excited to open
this package I like it's so weird to me
how nice people are and I'm just very
very blessed and I'm so happy to know
you're amber and get to know you and I'm
such a supporter of your channel so guys
go check out Amber's Channel um you know
she's she's amazing and I think I think
talk about pride own thing I've linked
her so check her out she's really
awesome so much so that is pretty much
it for me tonight guys I think that's
where I'm going to end this vlog I feel
like it was such a long exhausting day
but like in reality this walkest my like
five minutes
well this one's at least seven minutes
so that's a good sign but yeah it was a
really good meeting um going next week
so I might take you guys next week with
me cuz we're just putting on the final
touches up my album so crazy that's
happening in the music video it's like
it's so crazy Elvis is happening it's
beyond me but um I do love you guys so
so so much thank you for watching I want
to say hi to Rick Moranis as I'm here
with kissies for my little baby that
she's mm dies
