Super Bowl Sunday best place to be in
movie theater because it is empty I'm
gonna see the boy next door see how it
goes there's only thing playing so yeah
I'm in sweats what else is new
oh you guys I'm like kind of traveling
actually I just got out of the movie and
like this guy came up Jimmy I was just
like how long is your hair my hair is up
right he's at home
oh he's excuse me Susie I'm like on my
phone texting like GATS see how long's
your hair dye go let's try it's to my
waist and he said he hates technologies
I hate technology was on the floor if I
didn't talk to you one-stop foreign made
Persian Armenia and like yeah trying to
like walk she live on him like no I live
in San Diego and then he's like what do
you do in San Diego I said oh I didn't
look clearly making sup on Bali am I
gonna run I take care I'm really here is
your mom for the day maybe we get coffee
I said no just for the day a to go take
care of my mom like just trying to make
any conversation get out and like as
we're passing like like to family a
family walked by and then these two guys
walk by and the family that dad was just
kind of like holding and closing high
like hurrying up because it could tell I
was trying to get away from him and he
was like being really loud and then he's
a kind of your number so if they didn't
like analogy like still trying to get
away he's it kind of following me a
little bit and like but everyone's taken
note of this because you know he's loud
and everything and um he just would not
leave me alone and he grabbed my wrist
and then that's when the two guys that
passed us earlier they must have been
watching from the end they came in this
at hey hey what's going on and he
knocked on my wrist and um and then he
called them a derogatory a jhaggat or
term they were african-american he
called me auditory term and they got
like this like scuttle thing and you
think you better leave her alone like I
don't care like all that stuff like that
and they're like you got a word you
gotta go to your car like whatever and
the guys like I don't want to I don't
want to trouble and it was just like
really scary and I was just like I was
really scared I get stopped and I could
talk to a lot but usually when oh no I
can't I can't you see no bunch times
like usually people will get the hint
and even if they don't you can usually
get away without them like grab when you
and I was like I'm like it was like the
first time like that like so I just
literally just drove and drove to this
gas station because I just wanted like
get away and actually want any gas to
but it was like really really creepy so
I just I just drove away really fast but
ya know being paranoid about everyone
gentlemen gas and like do myself
together but that was like so scary I
was just my heart is like taunting and I
like shaking like I'm like driving I'm
like just beating because I didn't want
to like follow me or anything but like
legit hair I love everybody now
