okay good morning guys so I got up an
hour early I was supposed to do a two
hour workout this morning before my
clamp I have a very busy day atomy I'm
doing glam my personal videos a music
video of collab with someone else and
then I come home I have to do another
like huge video although I don't know
I'm not sure gonna do that say that last
I might not do so I have to do all this
I also have to edit a video for a
sponsor thing I usually never have to
edit my sponsored videos but I just I
got a little wording wrong so I have to
I had a refilm that but I got a read out
of that I've edit my video for today I
said it's long miss I'm running late I
have an hour to go at the gym so I'm
going to try and test myself and see if
I can get at least 500 hours in an hour
I usually it takes me two and a half
hours for a thousand calories so one
hour to do it I'm gonna work my little
butt off and they don't have all the
time in the world stay we'll see we can
do it this is guys know who was like a
professional wrestler he always did and
he's kind of cardio he always said it's
best you're in the morning anyways
because you're showing I say I'm Dean
I'm sorry I shot this fuck my hair
before I planned it yourself
don't stress fit dress up stay ready
but at the end of the day we'll be so
happy I got it all done hopefully
okay so actually 25 minutes not a full
hour they can hear me jewelry
it's like there's about 130 the first 16
minutes before in it like I pat down and
it like shut it off and restarting so
256 plus 250 a 3j so like 380 in 45
minutes
yeah and where my big brother shirt when
I can put no project any day had I can't
remember that I can later wash hard to
do
make a really quick edit any video I
kind of girly I need to wash the makeup
out of my hair and watch are these in
the body nice dad are in case he shows
up
hmm okay just took a shower downstairs
because I wanna shout Kampong cuz I have
all that makeup in my hair I just brush
my teeth wash my face um now I'm gonna
try and get this makeup out of my hair
I'm gonna try to makeup wipes if you
like watching it's gonna be fun to do
because he's gonna be here literally any
minute
no rushing something up back upstairs
more calories burned um
yeah like you know what I would not 45
minutes in but that's better than
nothing and honestly I would have felt
really bad not doing that because this
week is pretty hectic there's a lot I
have to get done I wanted it done and um
this is like Luke Rose this way washing
hair it's just so uh that's my root
cause like it's not really coming off I
mean guys not really like it's like
maybe dirty you know what our style
today is mostly don't you it's not up to
like this you know what baby it's just
my roots because I haven't different um
person to my color and like he's better
at color but it's just hard when you
have like when you switch between people
like how's my girls Oh was out of town
for so long and I need my roots done
yeah I don't think that's makeup guys
you know what I think it is I think it
might even be a little spray tan I kind
of just stained my hair because you
usually do this with makeup but I like
come out hmm the shadows will be a
blonde so anyways I have one binning
processing mad at it now I got I'm
making edits to act my main channel
video for today which were puppy
yesterday for you guys I would do my
move bongs differently like whenever I
do need to like the only reason I cut
anything ever
it's like a phone call or doorbell rings
or like a phone call I have to take or
cuz usually I'm sorry or um like to
convert from guys like I hate birds
I hate work so much obviously everybody
does it and even mice like if it's a
little burp and still I don't know it
grosses me out when people do it and
like I said everybody does it but it's
just it's for me it grosses me out so I
definitely don't want that
um I'm wrong so now when I lay have to
burp or something I'll like restart so I
know where to cut so I don't have to go
through and watch the whole thing that I
just feel like you know what I mean so
it's actually a lot easier to edit so
alright this is as good as it's gonna
get so I'm just doing another video I
got to make a wife's not gonna thought
to be a task but there's literally like
I'm literally just scrubbing my hair at
this point would make a voice which
prides not right stuff it's got a little
backhaul on and ready for some glam and
muggy needs a beat guys are falling a
music video and I'm risking my life
Ruben going in and out of traffic on a
very busy street in Beverly Hills
it's a Christmas long as you can tell we
got tight ball your blows that's your
pose you posted one typo by the way was
the one who did my 73 questions video
that sound like so many questions you
know you did about you were very
professional in it we has all his camera
equipment super boos but yeah we've been
going in and out dodging traffic what do
you think about it you look beautiful
light right now on him he's like George
I know I'm I I change color and
anything thing does green does go green
in the Christmas time it's green it's
like reflection from the light right
into my gear over in real green right
there oh just like be blinded because
actually when you're blinded it's like
the best lighting let's say so we're
basically almost died oh when I almost
killed you again I make people go out in
the ministry with you when there's no
cards like this water see this is how we
almost died I know this is so empty
actually now weird is like happy
birthday Jesus I know wait this is like
the MPS it's ever been here in the
middle of street your type of life video
you should show us you out here
literally this has never been this empty
we were like dodging cars and now it's
like super empty but anyways we're going
to Hollywood Boulevard now just spread
the love of Jesus and hopefully not die
all right that's a wrap Chucky excited
tricky tricky tricky it was in a weird
altercation there's some weird stuff
happening today people just coming up
too tricky being like is that you're
doing what's the cause he said oh you me
and then I was like wait what and then
and then I asked them to because like
Ricky what I wasn't able with him like
what's it lean in and he's like and he's
like what's that mean kind of like
because I didn't want to explain in
front and you're like don't worry about
it I was like okay I don't understand
what the leaning but the way he
approached you to was very like oh I see
you with the Leena
I love that have a keishon that's got to
do to spend all that money
well odds are very we what is Georgia
berry Georgia Oh Georgia is your first
name okay I was like wait that's Kulim
okay so I just ran into a subscriber
Georgia I was so cute when Australia
I always written to subscribers by
always so we're like putting launching I
mean a lot of the gal on this will get
tomorrow we were just putting our stuff
away her mom's over there filming your
mom actually came up he came up and shit
I'm living like hi and then I saw the
show the hand yeah because I'm going out
to vlog you know what I will say typo
you are a man like he protects like I
just want to make sure no one says
anything to you this is the plays
honestly like if you're a youtuber you
want to get recognized Kemp I would
Boulevard I swear this is like the post
popping place this in the grove and
Disney them like I'm a security unit
Rizal I think look at that it's gonna
say look at them gun your make you ever
you're good because you know most of the
time I get people like saying shits me
but when I'm with Turkey
no shit nowhere yeah you're like
the camera so yeah we were just go and
we saw Shane and Rylan that was so weird
we saw them we went across the crosswalk
I look more vloggers okay awesome
pretty much a wrap what is a wrap we're
done with our Christmas music videos so
our last music video of 2017 until next
week Turkey when we shoot a reality show
fahza that's a secret do you want to go
on us no but it's like a secret reality
they don't know the spin that we're
doing on it going to our bus yeah so
this is Hollywood Boulevard just here
yesterday and I'm back y'all I'm back oh
there's uh oh this is you didn't know
Jesus's birthday you're like it's day
Jesus birthday and I was like Christmas
time but did you know it was Christmas
is birthday that's kind of the same
thing Jesus jay-z
you know did he reason he's like oh I
don't say jay-z's birthday okay we're
photobombing this picture sorry do we
want to do anything else
oh yeah that is weird come on you don't
you gave up on pokemons go if you had a
traveller country to get all of them oh
you were not about that life
others monster energy drink always you
like do they give up free monster energy
in that manner they just
I always like just wanting problem by
Mike I feel like they would ask oh
there's my favorite pizza place you have
the Jumbo slices of pizza so freaking
good turkeys not eating because his
stomach hurts a little issue this
morning though
Oh Chuckie Chuckie Wendy's don't eat
there you had the good Wendy's I'd I'm
so yeah we just have another good
filming day another rap typo productions
that what I do guys and you're
subscribed meme on every platform of
channel this channel my page Jam you
will literally seem pretty much all 24
hours every day I come from her latest
film to patron video I've been vlogging
all day so now I'm gonna film I'm
building for my vlog clothes and then
add in my blog visite for today today
four or five or whatever it is um then
I'm gonna finish them doing a get
unready with me like make an addition
for my patreon and I'm posting two
videos per day now on there because I
missed Saturday Sunday when weekend
somewhere and try and make it up to them
and buy close to videos so I'm hustling
my name little never athlete I woke up
vlogging this morning never end
I'm cooking my favorite shrimp because I
couldn't do like a little eating show
you will see I have you'll see I had
McDonald's in my car not an eating show
but you'll see what is probably a few
days I've been vlogging so much I said
it's like honestly blog this is like I
don't know it's not into me I think is
my you know I just feel like I'm kind of
I don't know so oh the special collab I
was a student end up happening around us
was just so tired and it was somebody
that is very before it very infamous but
she's not really known as being a nice
person and like I don't know I like to
be cool to meet her because I watched
her show she's on but I feel today I was
tired and I was defending my stuff and
she's relatively new and it sounded like
she was trying to get a bunch of like
influencers to like help her out with
her family drink while online but I just
I don't know so I stopped me from
helping folks I gotta finish getting on
writing so I got me naked - I don't have
unique and I started a full address on
it
plus it feels a little like Q&A enduring
all my Q&A is over our future I know I'm
gonna like stop buying my book but
honestly we have to do every day and I
leave home for music video that was so
much fun I love typos so much cheese
he's so easy to go with it so no stress
no anxiety Twitter a couple they're like
little videos like put together more
included little I don't know oh I don't
further than PG on to my sexy underwear
or thriller rolling
I don't know
but yeah just been inspired and I owe a
lot of that's a shame the shames videos
are amazing now that he's pretty much
that quality and like having other
people sell them very it's a cute look
like a load and Jake polluting thing and
I get it again it looks it looks better
to have something awesome stuff so like
next week if that's what I'm kind of
sorry for I like doing my blogging and I
love dream I sit down videos and even
shows like of course but we're gonna pop
these in all this let's not focus Eman
MIT Oh little tray on here okay some
text emails edit my blog I'm gonna eat
the shrimp when it's done watching
YouTube videos relax and always have my
mail arrived this is not it oh it scares
me I had a focus a lot lately oh oh I
don't wanna see a Jason post at the vlog
from Disneyland
whoo so um if he did I'll link it below
I'm so excited to watch it I'm actually
gonna look for that now let's go see if
he goes to the video I just love the way
he had it then plus I'm at the em I told
him I watch all his videos ever since
we're starting out in June you'll see I
love coming home and checking Megan
Peters here cuz that's filming my Q&A
video
LFL for Franco now there's so much to
watch that presents when people have new
videos
I don't see that he posted yesterday so
I'm gonna started a year ago - mmm we'll
keep checking instant text back now so
even though I'm full glam today when I
normally would want to go on a date or
hook up verses like that oh no I'm not
doing that
mm-hmm I am I'm editing vlogs so I'm
editing a vlog vlogmas for you guys and
I got my shrimp now a little snack then
I gotta go finish filming can we get
unready naked with me edition I'm look
greasy anyways umm I'm gonna sleep I'm
so tired
oh just going up getting up it's like a
routine tomorrow like a busy day I got
it I'm going all over LA tomorrow I'm
going to the valley then I'm going to my
mom's then we have a fitting then I
might have a general manager so I'm just
like all over the place
I saw the pack and organize stuff for
New York but not only that when I come
back from New York I have a whole week
of videos of like big production videos
that like I'm having you know typo film
for me and I need to coordinate with
people to help me you because I need
other people in the video like oh so I
need to like have some me time which I
don't know what that's gonna happen plus
my house is a complete mess like it's
just like just trash everywhere so
welcome it's good I'm tired it's only
six o'clock and I'm like I want to go to
bed but I'm gonna push through for this
block with and eat some shrimp itself
her in a hot but it was really good I
know it doesn't like a look at me I'm so
not like a presentation person because
it's just me and I'm just like I kind of
go with some shrimp balls in tin foil oh
oh ha go go
210 calories that when I definitely do
this wall I didn't and you turn in ten
calories like six little shrimp so the
ground a nice thing if you don't have
like a big dinner oh I know it's five
shrimps it's like not the healthiest but
you guys his log is up I'm dying already
I look sexy in it I don't want to be
like so I'm gonna watch the vlog guys
it's 18 mins long I love it he did a
longer blog I love like I said like I
didn't like really understand like this
grew I didn't know this group like
before June but I'd become such a Stan
and I love these ins blogs so like I
love to be and um oh I loved you saying
I'd like me smile because it was such a
fun night so anyways I'm gonna watch
this vlog go over there mean comment
like you ship us or that you like me
hooker outfit or something
so support team Trish I can be in Ward
Jason I just love him wheeze like I said
we ain't got a lot and we don't blog so
I always get excited when we plug
together because I like blogging it's
fun I don't know he's such a sweet guy
he's so funny he cracks me up all the
time what you want to do hit a drummer
boy we're gonna sing for my vlog I know
you can sing no I definitely cannot sing
where did you ever get that didn't you
Nick liked it oh yeah it's all auto tune
100%
just hear those sleigh bells jingling
faintings England to you guys I didn't
love it because I even told him this
when he was here as it's like no one
ever wants a blog with me so I don't
know I just think it's super cool so
just go support it I'll link the full
thing below it's literally 18 minutes
I'm only at 6 minutes in pretty taste so
watch the rest below it it's funny how
it makes me so happy and I don't hate
the way I look in it I have my short
hair like no extensions but I don't hate
myself in it so check it out all right
so I'm uploading my vlog this is my
whole little setup right here
I'm gonna upload my pictures from the
day this is my like Instagram crayon of
this camera we got a cute dog so next
sex it's like a built-in filter or use
it with flash it like it makes you
flawless I use do all my makeup Beauty
photos map so I make chords for my blog
and camera that I'm holding and then my
phone okay oh oh I've got this way yes I
get pictures back there um well I didn't
really go to details so I of silver and
I'm we were shooting my video on
Hollywood Boulevard I never in Hollywood
the Lord and I see Shane and Rylan
driving it's so crazy cause like they
don't even live close to Hollywood
Boulevard it was so weird I ran into
people watching videos and they can't we
just saw Shane around when I'm like here
at Hollywood and they're like yeah
literally two seconds later Shane around
and pull up but but like in the vibe me
and they were in Hollywood I guess so
we're shopping for clothes or something
like that like for a video they both had
their blog camera I was so sad at my
blog camera cause Ricky was holding it
and um wait there was a reason I was
alone he was story young in fact I just
love him but I can't see oh I think
every talked about this because I'm just
I'm blabbing so much but you know a huge
reason I'm like stepping at my video
game is because of Shane like he's
stepped it up so much it's like honestly
so inspiring and it's like I have fun
doing it again and like I love being
creative and like it's honest things I
need it's kind of stopped me from before
before from doing all this stuff I was
like oh my gosh it sounds like so much
work and it's time-consuming it's a lot
of energy you put out there but like it
is worth it like I have so much fun
today and I'm loving doing these like
little music videos this is why the last
music
for the year it's like I'm ending it
with my Christmas song which I know it's
kind of coming out late for a Christmas
song it's the fourth today so it
probably won't come out to like the 14th
um which is only like 10 days for
Christmas myths okay one time I put
Christmas sucks out I think I put that
out or was it Mary attrition one of my
Christmas music videos apparently two
days before Christmas which is like so
dumb because he want people to enjoy it
and stuff and listen to it but it is
what it is
so yeah anyways Jane is like such a huge
inspiration and the fact that he's just
like killing it and doing all these like
amazing videos and I'm like you know
what I should do I have a platform
I've always want to be creative so I
guess I still want to do the halls but
this is my focus right now and I'm
really really excited for these videos
so I hope you guys are liking them too
you guys seem to be you know I don't
really care about views but views are a
good indicator of like what people are
liking and sharing and so I kind of go
by that but I mean of course I'll still
make my videos and breakdowns even if
people don't care anymore
sometimes I just want to like rant you
know like the one with that I'm not
person anymore like I honestly was
feeling all those things and I just
thought maybe putting in like spoken
word was like a good way to do it and
express myself I don't know people think
I'm crazy sometimes but I just have a
lot to say and sometimes I want to say
it artistically and sometimes I want to
say it directly like right now blogging
to you guys and sometimes I want to say
it through a video or you don't know
mean like there's just different ways to
express myself and I don't think there's
anything wrong with that but I'm so I
literally look like a grandfather right
now just like chillin in my whitey
tighties but anyways um I love you guys
and I will see you guys in my next vlog
um yeah I love you honey my kisses my
momma oh love of edges mmm
