hey guys good morning um sorry I didn't
finish
yesterday's vlog in its an entirety of
yeah home really late we just watched
movies and it's kind of relaxed and I
have every intention actually of
finishing the vlog and then I was
opposed to it there and then I kind of
forgot so forgive me this is an
extra-large by the way I think this is
for like kids or something cuz it's very
high but whatever it's all good it's my
Oh everything is fine I should probably
set you guys down for what I want to
talk about hmm change location should I
just lay down
alright so cuz I don't need to see my
self to talk about you guys um no I'm
back just totally fine cuz it is a
Sunday kind of mornin okay let's talk
about and I said let's I'm gonna talk
about something that has been affecting
my life news that I found out a couple
days ago
I'm never gonna cry I get emotional I
think I've cried every single tear I
have inside me I don't think there's any
more although I shouldn't say that
because when I don't think there's any
more I starts coming again so I'm
assuming if you're seeing this you will
probably watch my main channel maybe not
whatever my main channel I did a video
about my mom being diagnosed with cancer
every mom did a video she put you out
she made a video the day before she told
me to put it out after she told me and
my sister and my brother and I got so
much support and love and just there
were so many positive thoughts in common
comments um my oncologist said that you
know it sounds like it's treatable you
know here's the thing we don't at this
point and this day we don't know the
stage or anything um you know all we
know is that she heard lump and the
biopsy came back and has a positive for
breast cancer that's what we know which
is I think the initial shock of it I'm
still in shock to be honest I woke up
this morning and I was thinking like oh
my god please tell me that was just a
terrible terrible dream like I really
did think that I know people say that a
lot but I really did think that like
when I woke up and like how does that
bad dream and then they looked at text
messages sent from my mom and me and
that's real and um but as a family as a
unit me mom included it cuz my mom's
like me won't text me this morning she's
so fucking selfless she is she's
actually me this morning and she's like
you know I just pray that god I gave you
guys comfort my children comfort so mom
I just pray that you have comfort and I
said you know I woke up this morning I
did even though I wanted it to be a bad
dream there was a feeling I have a
prayer box to keep I'm in bed by the way
I don't know if you guys have seen this
before but I have a prayer box and
inside there's little notes and a little
pencil that I write prayers on I pray
every
but I write I write my prayers in that
and I have a prayer journal as well but
I write with person that wanted
something what I call special intention
prayers where it's something that it's
like God if you're listening to any of
my prayers
whether I'm praying whether I'm writing
them down please listen to the ones in
the practices that's all the other
prayers you know hard to answer just
those and I wrote down you know just
heal my mom get rid of all that cancer
in her body
we got see there's no anything I don't
mean we're tears they come it's because
you start thinking and also the other
thing is you have to think positive you
have to stay positive because what we've
learned from not only Commons in on
their mom's YouTube page because those
comments were so supportive and so like
you'll get through this you're strong
I've been someone said they were
surviving for 10 years so much support
and love that I'm just like okay that's
and then I just keep positive mental
that's that's where we're at and my
brother Chu and I'm not really a
Juventud resting hairs because at this
point haters on something like this
literally are the lowest comes to the
world if you want to hate on my weight
wear looks whatever you want to hate on
my personality my life my choices in
life that's like one thing but tempted
to hate on something like this or to be
negative or just so nasty it's just
that's just like scum of the earth sort
of thing like it really is like I don't
think anyone's lower than that and you
know what there hasn't been that much
but just a quick thing and and maybe
then I don't know if this is considered
a hate necessarily but I just think it's
like really people that said that you
know oh I can't believe you know on my
Instagram like I can't believe couldn't
want posted the picture of the day we
are the video the day we went to wicked
for my sister's birthday and and they're
like I can't believe you'd go out one
one person or my sisters and my sister
got so fucking her she's just I haven't
just you can delete my Instagram but
don't do that he said you know I can't
believe you'd go out I never loved my
mother side when I found out she had
breast cancer you know I think our
initial reaction - reaction was to do
that I said mom I'm like we're gonna
stay here with you like I don't know I
mean I don't even know how brought this
up last year but I know like when my
grandma was dying you know we had we
obviously had it
my sister's birthday um my sister's
Christian who I second sometimes we we
celebrate early or later depending on
what her schedule is and what our
schedules are and we had something
planned for my sister's birthday last
year of course cancel it doesn't matter
you know money is just money you know
you
doesn't matter family comes first so my
thing was like oh my gosh mom like we're
gonna be here with you like I'm every
day I'll come be with you and you know
my sister come visit you after work and
my mom's like girls you have to like
live your life and she's like and my mom
my mom first well had plans with her
boyfriend she they were doing something
last night
today she's having a party at their
house it's a Super Bowl Sunday today but
you guys know these are on a little bit
of a delay about a week and a half delay
so a Super Bowl Sunday at my mom's and
so she's had this party plan so they're
doing that and you know my mom's got a
life too and she wants to live it and
she's you know she's strong my mom is so
strong it's one thing I've always in
mind a router my mom is a hard worker
and she's very strong and also very
giving my mom is very selfless but my
mom's always like when I was there she
should work three jobs at once she just
gave us all our money she'd put all her
tip money in this little drawer and we
could use it for pizza whatever he
wanted when she was caught her movie
when I could drive um you know so
selfless and she's so you know giving
she gives everything she has
but she's so strong my mom has been
through a shitload we all have and I
always and I said this is my brother Jim
Mike isn't it um that crazy all the
stuff we've been through this is
definitely the hardest thing we've been
through you know cause even if cancer
goes into remission I can always come
back at something you have to keep up
with your whole life the rest of your
life but my mom is so optimistic and so
like just you know yeah we all gotta
keep living our lives you know we just
that that's it and if we don't then you
know cancer wins already it's like if
we're gonna fight it we gotta like live
it and and my mom's just really great
like that you know she's just she didn't
want to tell us she's like you know and
she's always said that she's I was I
guess something were to happen to me I
never would I want to tell you
you'd have to tell us and the doctor
said you have to tell Kate your kids you
know and I'm so glad she did because now
we're all being supportive and praying
and so I just you know wanted to say
like you know everyone deals and stuff
differently and I wasn't going out to
pretend that like everything's okay and
nothing happened that wasn't what I was
doing you know believe me it was there
was some song moments and last night
like every anything every kind of pause
we had I'd look over to my sister I said
you know are you okay it's like yeah and
then we kind of both knew and then even
at dinner just like wow it's just it you
you feel numb I felt numb I was the
first day I was just like I had a really
bad headache I felt really numb you know
that's kind of going through the motions
and trying to enjoy myself and it was
good to get out home but brother said
the same thing he said you know church
you got a you had to keep doing your
stuff and you know this brings me
happiness
you know YouTube and it brings me wrong
happiness my mom is you know she made
the decision to put that video out she
made a decision to record I didn't know
you know gosh that is the last thing I
thought she just could say when she
found out and I said what you know I
told her I was like she goes should I
not plus I said you know that's up to
you out you're a woman you can do what
you want you know I was planning on
talking about this because I think you
watch youtube for entertainment Innis
and it's scape and this is this is
really reality but at the same time you
know I I do share my life completely on
YouTube and my mom is such a huge part
of my life and now with this it's it's a
huge part of my life I'm still gonna
live my life but you know a huge part my
life has always that will always be my
mother
and whether you know whether it's this
or just any other thing you know I'm
always so for my mom and so my mom
really enjoys the YouTube thing she
documented her cosmetic surgery and
she's you know she sat on doing this
journey this
this new obstacle and I think it's kind
of encouraging and it's kind of
inspiring I sent my sister I said you
know mom is way braver than I am
um any health issues I've had in the
past i I just don't I'm just too scared
to ever share because I'm a fear of
judgment but my mom just you know she's
just like you know if I can help someone
else or give someone else comfort
through anything or get comfort you know
it's worth it and you know I'm not your
that respect that's no well I'm not
going to not every video is going to be
about this obviously you know I told my
mom and I said I would like to at least
be there with you for you and the
initial appointments when we until we
find out what's happening and I won't
and I want to be there all the time you
know my mom's like no like live your
life as a mom as I'm home most of the
days I you know I do work on stuff here
and there but you know I'm home I'm home
and I honestly feel like I'm home and I
have a flexible job for this reason you
know I do I feel going back to that
positivity that I was feeling this
morning you know I prayed to God and I
almost felt like my prayers were
answered without them being answered
already and I just prayed and I said you
know I need my mom you know I need my
mom here and you move I'm strong cuz I
am my mom said in her video um that
Trisha has a very tender I think she
said that maybe on her phone
conversation I say or should I said that
in the video I can't remember that we
were tender Souls does she want to tell
us and that is so true I wear those
people who is very emotional very
sensitive especially what comes to my
family and I'm very tender so something
like this it destroys me for sure but I
have faith and I feel like my prayers
were a little answer today because I
have this overwhelming sense of
convergent peace that everything was
gonna be okay cuz God knows that I need
mom here
for a little while longer and either
because I really don't think I could
live without my mom at this point
and so I know he's not gonna do that and
we don't know what the struggles gonna
be we don't know what you know we don't
know so that's the other thing repressed
music we have to just wait until we can
no more we know this without our tears
out and then we move forward and feel
and say okay how what's the next steps
and my mom like I said is so strong and
you know she wasn't the show if she
scared she doesn't show it and but I
honestly believe my mom with her faith
and with us and just her strong being is
you know I know she'd be okay and she
like I said she's really enjoying doing
this YouTube thing and I think even you
know just regular video she loves doing
favorites videos and stuff and you know
I love that because I know how much joy
happiness YouTube has brought me so I
love that my mom is doing it as well um
but I'm optimistic and hopeful
especially reading all those comments on
my mom's video so many people to say
Mesa private they beat it and that is
comforting because we've never been
through any of this my grandpa has had
breast cancer but she had breast cancer
40 years ago before I was even born
my dad was 21 I think when she passed
away she was young I think she was like
51 she had double mastectomy and all
that I was testing me doubt about it you
know that was 40 years ago and she found
out in 74 I think my dad said and died
in 79 so um you know she looked five
years and you know technology and
medicines and you know all that stuff
it's come such a long way so everyone is
optimistic and like I said we don't
really know the stage yet the stages or
that she's in or condition or anything
we don't know anything which is also
very scary not knowing that the same
time we're all just trying to find peace
and comfort and at the end of the day
support and just I always love my family
I'm always looking around my family and
experiences but this more than anything
has opened our eyes
this all our other problems are so
trivial in life this is what matters
family and health that is what matters
in life because especially for me right
now you guys know you know I'm by myself
through life so my family if I did not
have my family I mean that would be a
really really lost soul my family has
always kept me grounded and my family is
very tight-knit they're supportive even
my dad who has been divorced for my
mother now for 25 years he's very
supportive and said prayers and we're
just a really tight family and I
appreciate that I love that and I'm
thankful for that but I don't know I
just felt like I needed to address this
on my channel so before I like what
about your mom you don't say anything
about your mom you know and as real as I
am with my life this is a really hard
thing for me to open up about and to
talk about and in a way I need to keep
working and doing videos and every other
thing I'm working on to just keep my
spirits up so I can keep her spirits up
and everyone's spirits are just up
because if I sit in a dwell I know me
and I know I can get this weird
oppression and everyone around me become
suppressed so I can't do that and I
can't fall into that and especially
eight for my mom and the other thing is
to do it's like I know smother my mom
you know what I mean like you know my
mom has a life for my mom you know I
know I know my mother and I know and
that's what's boggles me at least mean
and nasty comments and screams like do
you know are alive your family doing our
situations you know what it's like
something more like oh my gosh like I
hope she pushed it I can't let you post
this video before Donna can obviously
show them first and then post it like
you don't even like people just think
they know everything and just it's just
such a
there's only a few that are you know
negative and I just think oh my gosh
like how how nasty how low like well
it's just it actually kind of it
actually kind of makes me a little
physically sick to be honest I was
thinking about that when I was reading
when we said sure I said that one
comment and then race me
there's maybe like two really nasty ones
- like I honestly got sick it was almost
like like the devil as much as I you
know as close as I've ever gotten to
experiencing it because experiencing him
the devil because um it's honestly like
I said there was it made me just kind of
I was just repulsed to be honest but um
anyways so so yeah I like as I just had
wanted to address it because I think to
not address it and to go about this
channel as I do with my daily life you
know I would talk about it because it
does affect me and it's you know and I
and I like talking about it with people
and the fact that my mom's putting it
out there and I just want to show
support and that so because I know my
mom will survive to show how you can
survive because I'll tell you what I've
no idea what's in store for us
but I know it's all gonna be okay with
God I really do
at least we're all here like my brother
said you know that's awful and terrible
as this is I think we could have got
worse news it's annoying one talk about
anything that could be worse because I
don't want to put it out there but you
know we thought worth kissing her it
would be this I know it is and so you
know everything will be okay and thank
you guys for supporting my mom and give
me your words of encouragement and light
and love and everything I know people
wanted to send stuff to her and um
thought about opening a peel box because
you know my mom does have time now on
her hands cuz she doesn't work and you
know still recovering from her plastic
surgery you haven't seen her video she
talks about it how if it wasn't for her
getting her last surgery she whenever I
found this lump you know she does she
never felt it so it's another miracle
that experienced you have experienced
two miracles first to getting realized
like miracle miracle miraculous miracles
and I'll tell you what this is another
one to add to that and it's something
that's that's unexplainable that's
actually miraculous it's crazy it's
crazy how this all works this world and
I just you guys that I don't mean to
sound preachy but if you don't believe
in God it's how can you not how can you
not you know
thank you that was me I needed to update
you guys by the way my mom loves she's
talking about a video and I already had
put it in the mail or sent off for in
the mail like last week before I find
out hopefully she gets it this week she
loves me a little fat cat when she's
over here it's a fillet that I'll be
here a little buddy you know those kinds
going on with me it just felt um
compelled to make this video just only
because you know there was so many
people concerned on Twitter and
Instagram and reaching out and you know
a lot of it was out of concern meant
like Trish are you okay like you know
just know we're here for you like what
what are you thinking what are you
feeling tonight and I get it because
I've made my life public and my mom has
now made her life public and when you
get so many tweets asking are you okay
like it's wrong okay what's the deal
what's up you know I think it's very
sweet that people care and want to know
I don't consider it being nosy because
we put it out there and so in return you
know I found I'll follow my mom was lead
on this as much as she'll tell you you
know then I can follow up and say you
know do you guys like but if you want to
follow my mom's journey because she's
I'm sure gonna talk about it at her
discretion at her length you know in
more detail maybe on her channel you
know you guys can go check her out
because um she's getting so much support
it so it's so wonderful and you know
like I said despite any of my
differences with my mother that I've had
in life which all seemed very minimal at
this point like I think to my sister I'm
like gosh
stuff we fight about with mom or mom
it's like just not none of it's worth
any anything and we were feeling guilty
yesterday on the cosh I think about
stuff fights we've had from 15 years ago
and I really didn't talk to mom for that
for that reason
m-mom if you're watching this because I
know sometimes you do sometimes you
watch my videos I love you so much you
are my best friend
and I cannot wait to experience all of
our adventures we have in life together
because we have so many more including
this year I told my mom once you get
that clean bill of health saying that
you are you are clear you're in the
clear
we're gonna go on a cruise we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna go travel
because everyone said to me it was the
sweetest thing she the other day um you
know she is I'm so happy like you know I
would think about what I want to do it
before I die is just something you think
about you know in life that one's gonna
die you just think about what do I wanna
do a franchise I kind of done everything
I wanted cuz me if you just travel I
said mom then we should travel a little
bit and everyone loves the Caribbeans
and stuff in like the islands and things
so so that's gonna be our goal this year
to go there just spend more time
together and I'm thankful enough that
I'd like I said I'd my job I'm gonna
call it that is flexible that I can be
with my mom when she needs me and not
only when she needs me but I told her I
need to be with you for stuff like that
for my own mental health or my own sake
insanity cuz you know to both of us
together are a great support system to
each other so so yeah I don't know um so
I think I don't know what I'm doing
today because everyone has a seat book
party she didn't invite me to I know
everyone go but there's always a lot of
people over there so I never got a
little strange ID she knows that I get
weird around a lot of people
oh I didn't I guys but it was really
good last night Gladstone's his awful
foot wicked was really good it was an
amazing amazing shy love the Pantages
had something so magical music up later
is magical
hi guys bad time to get on with my day
again still early I was a early riser
this morning but more shall happen about
wicked shirt and
