oh my gosh big reveal my sister got me
this for Christmas why isn't that one
going all the way oh my god I didn't
fill it up the way so it was all black
and then oh well you're put a fall look
at that Oh cuz you have to fill up the
water oh let me just it was kind of
working they're working on her face yeah
not really
yeah I know but yeah the Tokyo this is
kind of cool it was all black and then
you put hot water in it and it shows the
picture thank you we're gonna go see
wicked tonight so excited time to pick a
night out we're so hungry my sister's
into my friend Roy oh you want some
water she's yeah like waters gonna
really make me build up my cake mmm
yummy so thank you for those such a cool
present my sister also got me what could
karaoke and Alyce Caron key but that was
pretty that's pretty sweet oh I love it
Thank You poopy yay we made it were
starving I got lots of my hair but
yes so we're gonna eat we're gonna sit
hamari and some monster and another
so we're having some dinner and then
we're gonna go to the show this place
used to be a lot for use here it's kind
of more casual now so we're a little
overdressed
hello guys like out and it's really
living Sue's birthday celebration today
week layer so it's really well what do
you do
today on it so we just got that eating
and I have to say that's a little
disappointing Valley I thought was there
like not the greatest $200 I literally
ate three bites mashed potatoes and I
love mashed potatoes and I was like
can't see us better mush pay doesn't
that it was not not them in a lobster a
$50 lobster just blam like he said they
don't butter and make it dirty and I was
like yeah it was and see my sister
agrees and the more than does me don't
be like oh treasures just complain yeah
it is was not good for what it was worth
and they changed the menu they changed
the layout was so casual inside like
we're dressed up because we're like oh
it's fancy like a decima sister I'll
take some more fancy for your birthday
and it used to be really fancy say I'm
here for a 21st day oh my gosh don't
ever wear a fancy dress or your boobs
out here because I get stared out when I
have my moves out but never had I had
like people literally does all be like
turn look everybody in the whole parties
aliens I honestly felt uncomfortable cuz
you should love attention and on people
stare Matt gasps they're bitches this is
like everybody in as we're working me
out I live I'm trying to look down I
usually look up when I leave and I'm
like I don't look down because I was
being more like anyways that was our
experience buts okay
at least we're overly full we didn't eat
you quiet not even we had an espresso
and now we're gonna go back and I
tickets which is great that we finished
early because I'm gonna go back there
tickets get some lipstick charge me a
check out bring it Oberon enjoy the rest
of our night I just saw you tonight
so see bottom was mommy when she was
here I by the way look at her wallet
literally the same wha does he/she have
you me this time nothing
we made it to wicked took us a long time
to get here but we found here and we're
third row from the front I just wanted
out of the day until the Cadell again I
was here it is a YouTube Broadway in the
night so we're here and every little
wicked cup that spilled all over me just
like a minute ago - balmy again and mr.
Gallow over there it's a good
description
that's where what happened this morning
the layer blockers right now are just
out getting distracted from real world
problems I'm gonna be sneaking away in
this house together
