so I just finished filming why I thought
Ghostbusters all-female reboot was a bad
idea and I left out one of the most
important part is that you get a camel
toe ladies it goes bust ah I was going
through victors it's like holy cow like
camel toe was real like I said in the
video but girl is camel toe struggle
though um I don't know if Instagram will
keep it up but we'll see um my boobs are
just all overexposed but yeah so I'm
about to I don't want you to my butt
because my butts hanging out of these
too that's the other struggle um but
yeah I'm about to film um a beat haul
for you guys and I do have my makeup on
I kind of was inspired by family opera
even them not during a Phantom of the
Opera theme video I just got tickets for
an opera here in June when it comes to
LA so I'm going to undress and I will
talk to you guys soon
