my nails come we're gonna trade this
blue in thank you or something
oh my camera I just love it she's
telling my camera excited for a penny
money
yeah and I'm gonna get a new camera
talking we should go do that Best Buy
well we get trouble yeah last time we
want a new car together your new camera
together but mom texted me I know this
is so bad but we're doing this today
yeah instigator did she do you know oh
my god no mics it so I literally woke up
out of bed at home and no makeup
sweatpants go that's how I'm going today
I love the Hello Kitty well I'm like
camera okay yeah just a little thing and
I gotta be calm
yes finish with our nails I got baby
pink and I got matching toes so very my
mom got nude actually it's almost
coconut cocoa chocolate color so pretty
though yeah I haven't shown them yet
they're watching HGTV and the Koala for
sure you see the house they picked it
was slightly with our house so so crazy
you went to a double one together film
here's and I'll fill mine together or we
film your spark and film your swan
feather
the struggles of both being youtubers
we've just got our meal I got my orange
chicken but Lahoma mom guys Richard
shake item biscuit and the waiter here
let me give you it let me do yours so
you can good
I'm film from right mom's shoe on her
channel that way we can do a double you
want of you and then that way you can
and your design oh oh this is the best
meal together
I got the scoop of why they took it away
no did you Tom
you know that we had very informative
but always be honest name they're very
much yes I think they took off the menu
because the gravy was issue tasting so
glad it's back to good cuz I hate it
antabuse good and chicken aw Tommy this
is like two meals over oh I'll show him
our mute and I ran the BA it's such a
good idea I'm so happy my mom said she's
gonna dance like yeah French chicken
oh no it's a guy's thing falls out but
one thing on Monday and I to my every
wardrobe changes told her she could have
had mine but where did we're double
blocky there's my blog there's your blog
okay
that was key oh that's cute any so we're
gonna chow down now I just felt for my
mom's Channel it's so funny now that
we're both vlogging I'm like no you go
ahead and Bach I'm like no mom that's
what you do when you both have vlogs
this is what you do blog same thing so I
told her next time we've got to eat
we're gonna go 26 because my mom saw a
burger
I mean mom know 26 PJ's know I'm touched
that place but yeah there's a review
around the block like old times mom and
I used to live next to on OTC factor at
the grand we can say that now we looked
at the grand Terminix and we lived right
next door which is the peppery sounds
like old times this is what you do if
your fork trucks Falls and your food it
is really just like how he says our
waiters just like give me some I can't
shoot people I are waiters amazing my
mom said in her vlogs our meter that we
are so amazing so anyways we're gonna
chow down
now I love these days these are so
climate this beats you over any day yeah
oh yeah for sure
oh those are cute right for your feet
huh oh this is you need to prop yourself
up
I like those little elephants we're here
at the Valentine's Day lick all the
candy it makes me think of Trane hmm but
who's that
those are Cupid I think it smashing
because they're soft and B so so much
cute the hump is a success we read you a
Valentine's favorites video we're not
gonna cry hold you see that's so cute I
just won what is that oh oh how much are
those so like everything's like dollars
here for some hot - why anything - a
personal hatred if you want my NSF is
almost over you know it's not even
February oh my gosh it's so weird it's
on sale okay I think I want to get one
of those I think I might get the owl for
my sister - no it's over there well I
have to say something for a video I was
gonna do a Valentine's date once - so
I'm gonna try let's see what it show you
that later we just got out of CBS got
some Valentine's Day goodies so I want
chase with those pants in her favorites
because that's literally like the 20th
time I see here in those pants from
kawaii and all I had up two weeks huh
like I'm mom so now we're just cruising
in our convertible island-style in what
a fun day I love it I love having my
mommy off work to partner in crime
