I got my carpet cleaned I got my carpets
cleaned it's a really good day because I
got my cups clean look how clean my
carpets are look I clean my carpet I
look Kylie my god but I like how crazy I
look like oh my gosh my hair
oh gosh guys oh my god wow that looks so
much better oh my god I look crazy in
the mornings
um it is the morning I just got my cup
of clean yeah she like woke me up I knew
I was gay my carpets clean but I woke me
up but anyways um I was like it's like
it's not eleven o'clock just say guys
I'm home tole lush because I'm gonna be
on something real quick cuz you know
just picking the Trish oh my gosh we
hear you are the English it woke up like
this is just I woke up like this
um but no I was debating on if I wanted
wine or like food for breakfast just
hold on one second like part of me
really wanted this wine and I was like
really excited about it like oh I'm
gonna have some wine for breakfast and
then I have to she's a great wine which
I love and bought but then I also got
menage tois which didn't really realize
was the name and then I was like where
the hell is forever alone Grigio that
would be more fitting to alcoholics like
myself who are single in 27 why keeps
doing the high 76 mother pert why would
something like coming to grips with it I
love it yeah
so while they were too sexual for me I
was like you know what Trish be healthy
go the healthy way and have a some way I
love dr. Justin cheeseburger and I guess
I mean blogging there cuz I love it but
they always have like ponytails like
this like hand like good long hair I'm
just like that can't be Sam here
obviously when I'm making my own food I
don't really care but come on now
so yeah so on this Greek yogurt kick
this weekend obviously I had some not
tea foods but I'm just go for a little
bit of it there it's kinda like milk
really
which is like a healthy form of cereal
I'm like literally the only one eats out
this up you guys get grossed out a lot
by the way you down here I've noticed it
kinda does makes me want to eat more on
camera though like mm-hmm and what I
think you guys I'm not meeting the
majority of you alert like three people
or like I posted a video today rather on
my main channel and hadn't really heavy
I under concealer the gang guru kind of
Japanese style and people are getting so
pissed and it kind of just like it makes
me want to like do more crazy makeup to
see like how mad people get over a
makeup but on my face so don't even
think that's crazy but funny nonetheless
so yeah it's gonna be a hodge it but
also find part of like a week vlog you
know how do this is I think I should you
guys this is my vlog I don't mention it
my January favorites if you like show
what you eat so yeah this is the know
what I eat but yeah this like I said I'm
not really doing anything today but like
emails if I go for a walk like that kind
of stuff like a favorite kind of days
where I do absolutely nothing and so
like a week in my life one but there's
like raisins and granola if you guys
wanna know what somatic raisins granola
just tastes healthy I mean as healthy as
you say it's very like a sugar cereal
you know what I mean how much sugar is
in here yeah there's like eight grams of
sugar which huh comparing my Jamba
Juice's I used to drink all the time
which was like 53 grams of sugar I mean
pretty good so it's my first meal today
only because I just got woken up and
then went back to bed and I'm back up
again which we'll see how long that
lasts but for this check-in for today
but well there's something exciting will
happen probably not did Shane you blog
with this music oh my god you guys I'm
on the fish I am is so cute don't you
love it it's like a wide angle you can
they kind of do what you want kind of
want to like a snack I want to snapchat
but you staff traveling - okay which is
gosh you guys you guys are great now I
Tricia pay yeah like what is going on
penises closet people know your friend
right Oh what do you mean no
you can story it and like send it to
people it's kind of like Instagram but
like you send out little videos anyone
can see it yeah is yours public Lucas
crook follow me oh my god I'm so like
not with the snapchat thing you're so
with everything else so you vlogging
everyday is how you can see Fred he
looks just like Fred I do and I have I
even have a hairy chest now
oh wow look at that hair eat I was like
it shows like us feel so manly in this
picture no using my thumb you know I
feel like I look like you so like okay
we did a stripper video for his so I
felt like I had like a stripper and then
he came and looked like a little Barbie
for my channel I told me to do daily
vlog so why should I makes it easy do I
get this camera so what's like why is it
a fish lens just for fun happens and you
hold it are you gonna fish islands
because of the tracers fishes maybe I
should invoke I just don't feel like my
life is very entertaining but I did a
blog laundry that's all I do
but I feel like I watched all of your
videos were even if you're not doing
anything just because you're so
entertaining I don't know you are
literally he's telling me I want to just
go get a job as like a waiter just for
fun and I'm like what people are gonna
go that's Brad and you're like yeah but
I don't really care like I just wanna do
it you're like wait I'm like I'm saying
how with YouTube I'm kind of like I do
videos twice a week but I'm still like
there's parts of the week where I want
to be doing something else so my guy
should just become a waiter
that's a vlog right there Fred tries out
jobs that would be hilarious I would do
that be so much fun I just want like a
GoPro or something like a waiter like
how do I know the right people were to
know your friend I'm like oh that's so
sad he's a waiter no no I would be if
you were like you were saying that guy
Cheesecake Factory by side you give her
terrific that'd be kind of funny to see
those reactions oh my god I'll be good
do it fred goes to jobs even you can use
Fred legally now right oh yeah check it
out Nickelodeon
Novus tellurian okay just just check him
out that I Lucas
