alright guys so Shane just posted the
unfriended official trailer parody as
you can see I'm watching it now so I
just started with second letting it
buffer as you should do when you watch
youtube videos so you don't get
frustrated
I just did off my makeup so I have like
kind of like just weird like black eye
ring thing going on but that's beside
the point
and so I'm tired what are you going to
say did I just say beside the point I
hope that's what I said because I just
probably I came out weird I'm tired and
a little hungry but I'm thinking I
should probably go take a nap then maybe
my hunger will subside I know um so I'm
gonna do a reaction video I feel like
I've never really done one of these
before in hello I was washing my face
office love my head being in my hair
mmm that's much better I feel like I've
never done one of these like reaction
videos before so I thought why the heck
not
and yeah I'm in the trail just by why
I'm doing this reaction video because
it's just cuz I look in it
um no schools my first Ella Shane Austin
TV video that's not really true but one
where I'm like in it kind of sort of for
like a second but anyway so yeah let's
react together it's like youtubers react
accept youtubers who have no friends and
no one likes on YouTube react to one
video um TM copyright just kidding that
belongs to me ok let's let's watch this
same favorite we're like red acting
there that was amazing actually
he's my real name I love it and we're
not gonna lie I love a good golden
shower real magic what do you guys stop
watching just kidding oh my god Debu
really sad actually that looks like
really real penis kills herself
oh my god the maybe I saw I was not told
that my character's name was gonna be P
Queen just FYI but I kind of lunchmeat
all my Twitter and Instagram for that
alright so I'm done in a minute I've I'm
killed off that was a remote my mouth by
the way a lot of people were pointing
that out like she that's not for the
remote it looks like something I should
fuck you in I'm serious hi it's probably
my mom
she hits only when she drinks glitch
bros well the glitch just typed me doing
this I don't see any of this I don't
know what any other place was and you
know the plot
he does such a good job on this this
looks like a movie
Alexis loved her bomb.com girl wait
this is so good now is easy
that's all I hate I think myself I don't
really like that Perry and then I was
the alternate version with the twist
ending over there
also make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe I make new
videos all the time so check out my blog
down there all right you guys we'll see
you later and remember so good I feel
like that was like the worst reaction
video ever because I feel like I'm not a
good reactor and one of those people who
like to stuff I don't react really I'm
rarely well like lol or cry you know I
mean like and I'm just like watch it and
I'm like I love it or hate it but either
way my reaction is same so that's my jam
progression video except for the mic
that I react it's all mine Bartz which
we're just amazing and superb um yeah I
loved it reaction because I wrote like
that singing to come I um it was really
really cool I think I would post my blog
by now if it's not posted I put do a
vlog that day but I was really fine i
think well basically I just went over an
8 Thai food and then they're like hey
and I'm like okay cellphone regionally
okay yeah I wonder if she does I feel
like she edits his own but I was like
really good no no I said well I'm still
suing he did him but yeah I to be a part
of it I think Shane so guys go like
leave it some love and say I died my
comment was um more peat Queen
type of comment now I don't want to put
you guys as I said awkward and so off
okay
I'm typing a cabinet right now and I'm
gonna say more people nation yeah so I
just left a comment to some more people
in cuz I'm real I just like videos that
I'm in just whatever okay by the way
this picture sure you get the such a
ship and SS pressure calm and you can go
watch the unfriended parody trailer at
youtube.com slash Shane Austin TV link
everything below and let me know so much
thank you for watching I have a new blog
coming tomorrow I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and I hope you guys enjoyed
that video and my wonderful wonderful
acting skills yeah I think I'm watching
asleep
I may be get food the struggle is real I
love you guys so much though um thank
you for watching I'll be back with a
vlog very soon I want to say hi to Rick
Moranis and I sent you my kisses we're a
little baby fishy Wow
