oh my gosh I'm so excited today I'm
meeting an online friend which I'm
really excited about so this woman this
chick this girl I'm so freaking excited
to meet she has been a little angel to
me we reached out to her to help with
this music video that I'm doing an Irish
going location scouting today which I'm
really excited about um with her but she
not only is helping us with this music
video was we needed her help on she like
did something super extraordinary for us
and I'm just so excited to meet her and
she's just above and beyond like awesome
just beautiful spirit face beauty body
everything I watched her never seen her
in this town just by her spirit that
she's gonna be awesome and gorge and I'm
just I can't wait I don't matter I can
just how like talking to on the phone
and like just everything about her her
spirit or energy is just gonna be
amazing I just feel like this connection
I'm so excited because um you know I
think a lot of just people in general
are not like cool like chill people I
just do stuff to like help people and
like be like hey let's do this together
and you're Austin and I'm maschmann
let's just do something um I think so
many people are like well I need this
and this is just like everyone just
wants something and she's just like
super cool like Chelsea hey let's work
on it let's do this I can do this for it
like you know whatever I love her and I
want to do more projects with her so
this is just like one music video buyers
when you're like a million I don't even
know I know should I like so busy but
I'm just like an obsessed with her
already but it is like women who just
are cool other women I just don't know
what it is and I know a lot of girls
deal with this and there's just
sometimes like girls just don't want to
like help girls and like you know I
don't know I'm like such a advocate of
like especially women helping women like
women power sort of thing I really I'm
really into that kind of thing and
this chicken is so cool like she's just
so giving and awesome and generous and
um you know she watches my videos I
think it's like really cool cuz it's
like one thing to me let's work together
like too much because I'm just like
really excited it's gonna be really cool
um Mele is that I don't really blog with
people if I like I haven't met them
before they're not comfortable you know
even my own family like not comfortable
on camera so sometimes I feel a little
weird to be like I'm gonna bring my
camera start logging but hopefully I can
at least walk maybe the location but
maybe might give it away the location
might give away the song and the video
and we should really say about and I'm
chewing gum and I'm sorry because I
don't want people like let you come so
I'm like a convict nervous excited like
now that I'm like nervous my card is
like tells me is like on tape am i
crossing only sometimes I just can't um
like it's not like shy or anything but
like nervous excited like butterflies
like we're gonna post a you so excited
is actually going to meet us there too
um and I'm really excited about that
it's kind of the one that's kind of gosh
with her and then obviously really
excited today's gonna be a really good
day a holographic lighting is all I'm
gonna show you guys real quick
they're holographic with some sparkly
Nike kicks down their eyes just pop you
back up okay so you guys soon we're
traveling I'm so excited this is a good
day I film videos I clean my house I
wash my hair um like I'm just coming a
good day hey over here over here honey
um but yeah
and I can't wait to come home because um
well I can't wait to go home I'm gave it
for the day but I can't wait tonight
I had to karaoke CDs and I'm gonna
karaoke my little heart out with who
myself but no with who Donny Osmond is
if you don't worry done not much which
means when I thought that - I was going
like this whole like pink vibe today
like I had a very pink like spirit like
energy was pink this morning I'm sure
the guys were throwing everything pink
like a little pen wouldn't you know I
don't care what goes together then I
found this Donny Osmond I'm like feeling
Donny cuz his album just came out 60/60
studio album scowling I'm just Donny
again I want to watch Vegas and told me
I'm like we're gonna Vegas dineymarie
uh-huh you know I've seen twice and last
year and so I was just like oh shoot
like it's just like appropriate like I
feel like that's not really it's not
gonna first Russian but having said that
she has watched my videos which I get
some personality look like if I were to
meet y'all like this you guys feel like
that's trash you know me
um so yeah that's what's happening today
was that crew have something to tell you
I feel like I was like I'm gonna vlog
I'm gonna loop I didn't bring about oh
no oh let's get but I am as well I was
doing my loo like photos today I'm
really excited about that you guys are
like so stupid like to me I can't say no
when there's an or next um
blue and beautiful day I don't know you
guys I'm just having a really great
morning like it's like it's like 1
o'clock now so it's like a little later
in the day but I just had a go really
chill morning like a really cool morning
my mom's feeling better that's a great
thing um some videos which I love doing
I did my hair makeup which I love doing
I just kind of it's just like I feel at
peace and then doing this oh my gosh you
guys you don't even know like this all
one is gonna be sick
it's gonna be sick oh my gosh you guys
I'm just uh I just can't even right now
I literally can't even I was new purse
I'll know you guys saw it
it's a tokidoki purse I really really
like just wraps on another scrunch shop
well I wasn't blocked oh no I didn't
long has danced today I'm a battery died
you guys I got uh it was the day I'm not
wish Shane I know it was long in a day
okay I cheat move out of Arizona very
much as last netbook I can't remember um
but as a day huh uh Shane I drove drew
home and then like I was driving back
and I like mustard is like some freeway
because there's like four freeways I had
to take to get home I must was freeway
and I was a cop and I say hoping to turn
around and there was no way to turn
around then I end up in French ah like
nine Crenshaw Boulevard which like some
parts that's okay but like Crenshaw the
city and its Cara then shoot out of
because it was just no one is on the
prowl it was just a bunch of like people
walking around like shady people like
through it was like 2:00 in the morning
like I was always scared um did we talk
about the one in Houston movie ever
since Whitney Houston won the Whitney
Houston Bobby Brown oh my god like my
eyebrows been a mess though like I don't
even know you know who obsesses Whitney
Houston you guys I got when Houston
karaoke oh my god right way to Houston
karaoke tonight
this is Stan I'm excited like karaoke
with myself at home I don't know maybe
but when I was helping him there was one
I think that's kind of what these away
you can remember up to you like a little
Whitney Houston but I was singing that
song there's two songs I love rehearse I
mean I would say lovely I've always
loved you and don't make me close one
more door don't make me no I'm not gonna
hold us like share from cool is here
yeah I like those songs from The
Bodyguard don't even what I love the
saving all my love for you and I love I
don't need somebody the clock strikes
down our his son begins to fade Ivan
Buchta to figure out now chase my blues
up way now though right up till now it's
the bad date that shows me how bad the
night balls not know me huh comes is my
song Oh dance is somebody I'm like
literally the worst the same witty I
want to be like hey there's somebody
yeah weird answer somebody with somebody
who tells me let us on she says hi boys
she's amazing I'm Yaya Ramirez I got
mono killed it right away on that one
and then the other one I loved him hers
well I've always loved it but it's also
kind like story my life which is
basically a side chick song which is um
a spirits telling moments is all
that we share but you got a family
and they need you there but tonight is
the night we'll be feeling alright we'll
be making love all night but I'm saving
Oh or you love it anyways I'm sure you
guys are very happy and I just did a
whole Whitney Houston acapella okay okay
I could see um but yeah try not to snap
I got as much uh I get started I'm gonna
make excited nervous I can see this
morning I do like could not keep calm
like I wanted to like edit and I'm just
gonna keep still yeah you know sir I do
this I want to clean I when I hang up
lights I want to film I want my hair and
whenever makeup um which because well
I'm like in a crazy way because I have
one pink eye but it's a thing I'm trying
to make happen called pink eye charge
ain't got another plane thank God thank
God with a happy car I got pink arm yeah
cool
come talk holler it says I'm submissive
Monica I'm in Glendale and glendale's
always confuse me I went to LA for
almost nine years no eight years nine
years nine years dozen six or nine
almost nine years in May of this year
and I'm like so confused by Glendale
okay buddy encouraging but at least I
have my rose-colored glasses on
literally so everything is still good
okay and okay since you that billboard
there but it says safer sorry use a
condom calm
sorrowful website use a condom calm I
think people know these hot up I think
they does choose not to but
love it moving it for Glendale plus
7-eleven which I really need to
cooperate but what kind of last night
off right now
gosh glendale's like the cutest thing so
we just have a location and it is so
perfect it looks so good ah really
historical and I'm gonna love my girl oh
my gosh she's so cute I somebody she's
like me I just like love her so much um
gave her a big hug and I was just
perfect fit so now we are trying to find
a place to eat and um when it's not
crowded because Saturday and it's brunch
an hour and I'm running LA loves just go
brunch it up so like let's just find a
basic blues and I don't think I can turn
apparently you're eating at the
Albertson oh no there's coffee bean he
said okay
so I thought like a parent recorded or
short eat so yeah the location is cool
and I met little fishies that go to the
place secret location only two girls
know that location and they go to that
location so so like well they're really
awesome friendly and I like are you the
kind of talks I'm like I think so I
think in the one you're looking for
there's another fast-talking girl out
there so I don't know sometimes I'm like
maybe maybe I'm not and I never want to
be like dupes and I'm gonna be like yeah
I'm that girl and then I'd like go home
and I go stuff like not the girl we were
talking about but whatevs um yeah it's
coffee being so huge cooking you miss a
little Oh sushi let's just hope we don't
go to sushi cuts a lot big sushi Durr I
don't why you she but it's all my fate
and I'm really really hungry right now
okay honey a driver made it to the
Americana
so I'm here in a while but it's kind of
like the Grove but bigger but look how
pretty it is it's actually just as a
girl with sausage tastes exactly a
Pacific Theaters we're coming here
because parking is just too difficult
yeah Benny boys that like sushi is
Kazuya usually there's a big crowd going
but I yeah get more looks and one kills
when I walked in like Beverly Hills
palette so we're gonna get she's kicked
back to area and see how those made at
home oh my gosh it was such oh my gosh I
look wow I look shiny okay roll up
octave um pay it back and it was a long
day I look so shiny should I go wash my
face back to base soon it's just really
good day ideas on washing face with me
yeah it's so fun
I don't have that many problems I was a
lot of guys no huh am I getting ready
from karaoke tonight yep lol could a
karaoke machine at my feet awesome I
have a lot of friends so when I meet
with someone I connect with are you
really excited I'm always equated I was
like creeped auditioning I was like
weird cuz I just love like connecting
with not only genuine people but genuine
people and interesting and like
entertaining good pictures you're always
alone I'm like yeah cos I'm the most
interesting person the whole world you
know I'd rather think I was out there
with people that have no interesting but
she is so qualm I had so much fun with
her and as such a cool I'm like so
excited for this video I mean holy other
videos with her and it was a really cool
project so Oh Bethany me choking barfing
I wasn't sure drills like everything is
healthy huh like really not but like no
salt on the pretzel that makes it
healthy but now I started uploading just
to guys know how long it takes my house
so messy but whatever um I started
uploading three videos when I was gone
when so far this one went 29% this one's
only 25%
and this one's done but that was a short
one so just you guys know how long it
takes like I learned it's alright and
uploading these and I left it like
anything eleven thirty days so mm-hmm
long time
hey guys I make it quick entry and say
that I am going to bed because tired and
I was just doing some more in my book
and this caused a lot of controversy on
my Instagram but I thought I'd share
with y'all after we collided who's
others any thoughts ten times book I got
a lot of hate for reading it it's
intense and so I'm gonna say about that
for an angel' I do a forward view of it
but I'm so tired and um I'm gonna be
getting some new kind of hair a
different kind of hair which I'm really
excited that I'll be sharing it with
y'all I'm so tired today has been Oh day
but tomorrow I'm gonna go visit my mommy
see she's peeling bring her some food
tomorrow is Sunday which is lost at the
weekend which is last day I'm eating out
until next weekend so I thought though I
don't excited to get back on the on the
train and um cleaning some more tomorrow
and yeah I'm gonna organize like my life
like well I love like a little dramatic
but I'm gonna like organize videos why
don't you get done in the next week when
I'm you get to the next month my nice
haul piles get very organized and I'm
very excited about all that so anyways
but now off to jaikant I love you guys
so much like you're watching I want to
say hi to Rick Moranis
and I saw some of my kisses mmm
