what's up little cream puffs different
day same bullshit just kidding um my eye
I'm going to be doing I'm noxious Lee
without a gum chewing and I spit on that
um clothes I just buy fresh Therese
Gummer mouth I wanna get that fresh
piece of gum out and out
chow down on it so I know so many people
are bothered by my gum chewing I kinda
find it funny because like I get I've
gotten complaints in real life from like
people like oh that gum good like kind
of like annoyed by the gum chewing
nothing my family I guess my family's
like just used to it or whatever but um
I just think it's funny like how so many
people get mad about it I don't know
I've got trolling Trish will always be
inside of me where sometimes I just like
to just like to rile people up over
silly things oh hell are you doing an
always want to show that person over
there hello it's always on this row -
I'm on PCH Pacific Coast Highway which
is like one of the main highways I think
is like how I never wanted California I
always wanted yeah um I just think it's
funny that people like I have such an
issue with my gum chewing but um anyways
I was anyone that comments on Trish's
life vlog and they're like every time
you put you vlog in your car I feel like
I'm a pool girl on your dashboard I'm
like that's kind of funny because this
is where a little girl would be um I'm
on the way to get my mother again
um-um do you hear - another bereavement
which is weird because like usually it's
a surgery it's like custom to do like um
I can follow up like right right the day
after and then they're like oh yeah you
have to schedule hepburn another
appointment for tomorrow arriving with
life like I don't really do that much
this week just happens to be super super
busy and I saw my mom just like an you
do it any other week but it was like the
only time she get in or something I
don't know that regardless being a good
daughter and taking her again because I
have I'm working on my album and
recording did I'm taking you guys yet to
do but I will I'll take you it because
it's like really fun um and we're doing
like to sort of separate albums that are
going to come out once I'm come out
within the next month and the other one
will come out in December night so she's
ever won some original songs and cover
songs and I'm just really excited about
it and so I'm doing that now we're
taking her I don't think I should you
guys her bandage gesture yes she was
like very stressful for me because I had
a lot going on both physically and like
stuff I had to physically do and then
like internally I lost the point on
stuff
it was just like very stressful I had a
little bit of a panic attack - human mom
and I had a caller like you text her
today and just like mom got all there in
the world for you I'm not a rush
mountain panic attack I just yesterday
was just too much um it was all fun said
I did yesterday but it was just a lot
because like booking of
back-to-back-to-back and I'm just I'm
really I don't know if like time
management look not the word it's just
not enough hours in the day you know no
meaning
when I'm productive I like to do a lot
of stuff like what I'm like ready like
when I'm on like I want to just do like
20 things you know so it just was one of
those things but whatever
okay let's try take two of this it feels
like just yesterday I was vlogging and
talking when I realized my battery died
for the whole day I'm logging so I
missed all day yesterday blogging
because I was literally out like 8:00
p.m. last night oh it sounds so like
blame a time like that so late but it is
too late for me
and it's so early for me again once
again we are up at the crack of dawn
I think it's 6:30 gonna pay mom up at
7:00 for her doctor's appointment at
8:00 it goes down at newport i if you
watch her blogs you know we would back
down at cosmetic cares where I get my
lips done my mom got her boobs done
there look at the same Road it's going
back over to my post
all right readjusting readjusting I know
I look beautiful and my blaster Tom for
dare to say this I thought I reset it
just accuse anyone let's know I feel
like I always want to know people's
brands sunglasses so I just say it
because I'm lost sunglasses out
sunglasses and I love purse I do love
shoes bro if you had a cheese me feel
persecuted like definitely purses but me
love shoes - don't get me wrong I love
shoes but um definitely a person
sunglass kind of girl I don't know I
feel like those are two things I don't
always fit me I know is it a lot better
go up and down in size so much that it's
like if I wouldn't spend money and they
almost was money and something if I even
500 pounds I'd wear it or if I'm 50
pounds they were you know I mean like I
know the struggles of yo yo wait not
even by joy sometimes I'm just like I
want to be healthy and inside of someone
like me or any like share you know I
just don't know I just go back and forth
um but yeah I'm on my way to get my mom
again I mean
daughter of the year right here no but
for real like this was a pretty hectic
week for me but
it's weird cause like my mom has been
going back and I asked her I make it
sound like something wrong with her
because like you know I got my surgery
and I had complications with my surgery
but we did not go back this many times
like she had her surgery Tuesday I had
Haggar Wednesday Thursday announce
Friday so I don't know I mean I think
she's much better all I want to show you
she got her video she vlog did I blogged
it for her for her channel she got her
bandaging up moving today she had
abandoned shaking off around her neck
and her chin look so good you guys I'm
so happy for I always tell my mom like I
didn't really even notice but once you
get something done or like someone
points it out to you then you're like
okay I noticed but they need to me is
she like I thought she looked bored
gorgeous either way like I people always
told her how like young she looks um
like always so I don't really think I
never saw it as a problem but I get it
you know we'll have their own issues and
insecurities and if you don't like it
I'm always saying these people I always
say sometimes I'm like contradictory
that I said oh love yourself but you
know I'm on a diet I love yourself but I
got fake boobs and love yourself and I
have extensions like I always say if you
don't like something change it like a
hundred percent you know I live for self
in the moment because like I always say
to change takes time it doesn't happen
overnight you need to love yourself in
the moment but if you want to improve
your salad me Who am I to be like don't
you know um I'm all about this temporary
your self making yourself feel good and
making yourself feel better yeah so not
the anti plastic surgery or anything
once I won't buy your boobs you know
yeah I feel like I have all my gosh yes
other thing talk about oh my gosh you
guys I was on a little Twitter rampage
about this yesterday now rampage and
like a good thing um right so bad I
don't even know what I'm doing with this
life it looks like I'm like getting
dreads like it's that serious
sorry um no you guys I was on a Twitter
little chance if you will praise if you
will um I I got a really cool so I after
my mom yesterday and a couple things and
then I met my friend I would my
partner's not like sexual partners or
anything that but one of my work
partners business partners I'm so like
professional official I hate like titles
like that like why was he like producing
partner which I guess he is technically
but anyways I met with him he showed me
this really cool video we got this
really cool video to be part of another
video I just don't want to say anything
too much about it other than that we got
a really huge favor from this lovely
lovely girl
and guys um and I just was you know I've
kind of gotten to know this girl
a you know over lady woman should call
her girl over the course of the past
month I guess and she's so nice and so
giving and loving and supportive like
she watches my videos and it's just
really cool to hear like you go girls or
thing but not only that like she she's
did a really cool awesome like favor um
for me my friend and for like a video
thing that's coming up and I know where
they went a dramatic but I just was like
really overwhelmed I guess the point of
that because I don't want to too much
about what it actually is cuz it's like
so cool to like blow everyone's mind
sort of thing um it just touched my
heart that she both of them took time
like actual time to do something so
awesome for me for my my youtube videos
that I'm so passionate about and cuz you
know what it is it's like in a sense
ease people we just we literally to
start communication with her like a
month ago and like they just are so kind
and warm and so like we're just gonna do
this not really expecting anything in
return I love that so much because
that's how I am but I don't ever get
that from even my real like even friends
and realize like even people I know in
the entertainment industry that I maybe
I've reached out to before and it's it
now it's kind of coming
we're more on my mainstream
entertainment friends are getting hip
with the YouTube thing and they're like
okay let me do this YouTube thing
because before when I asked people
anyone do a YouTube video with me like
um oh like that's something I don't want
to be associated with not just not not
just like my jailable like YouTube but
it auto if you're on YouTube it's like
the end that's like you know you know
but that's not how you should visit
anymore YouTube is becoming this like
mainstream thing and it's really cool
that like you know well I don't even
know where it's going on that but how I
know where it's going to that like I'm
saying like my mainstream friends you
didn't want do something this epic about
this person and her friend did for us so
it's just really cool and really awesome
that people could be so selfless and
just want to help other people um you
know I I love that because me I want to
get gigabyte old I've worked it actually
I haven't met her yet I'm gonna meet her
everything tomorrow which I'm so excited
I was I told her I said like give you a
big hug because originally we contacted
her
I mean we're still gonna do what we were
gonna do but rich is my contractor to
help us with something like completely
different well no it's the same kind of
thing but then it was like this boat is
out on thing that was she just kind of
went above and beyond you know to me
like he wanted her to help us with this
one thing that she's really good at and
like went above and beyond and it was
really cool I don't know I'm like
rambling but I just like want a hug her
and squeeze her and cuz like I said
people nowadays just aren't they just
don't give without excusing in return
and I wish people I wish more people
would like that cuz I'm person like that
um with my family and friends and just
everything I give um did I just hook up
my talking
I give without the attention of with
with no intention of like wanting
something back or getting something back
I just think I think this whole thing
rigmarole right here that I was trying
to do is is just give give give freely
give often and I think you get more back
in return that's and I preached this so
many times you guys and tell us my
family I tell this to everybody um once
I started being selfless and just giving
more whether that's giving more of
myself my time my energy you know doing
stuff like you know taking work off to
do stuff for your family or maybe it's
even money like I'm such a maybe this
and some people think this is a fault of
mine but I'm such a giver of my money
because one day I may not have that one
day I may die and it doesn't matter or
you know and then also to I know when I
needed money like someone giving me a
hundred bucks like help tremendously so
I'm so giving a money even not just to
my family but to my friends like if I
know someone's having like a hard time
now don't get taken advantage of but I
don't have a hard time I always offer
money and sometimes people don't want to
take it and sometimes you gotta for some
you gotta give them just the cash in
their pocket um but whatever you can
give you can't give money if you give
your time like I don't know I guess just
just give and give selflessly um you
just get so much back because I honestly
I've gotten I think she's gotten things
back in abundance like sometimes I just
I I always think God now when I'm like
what did I do
like to deserve I have a really good
life I have really good I'm in a good
situation I'm happy I'm always creating
I'm always you know what I mean I and
I'm like what did I do to deserve this
but you know I love to I just give love
selflessly because a year over times I
have had unrequited love not just an
intimate relationships with friendships
family whatever I give so much love and
sometimes I will think like you know
I've cured all this for this person and
they weren't there for me when I needed
them like so inside years ago you don't
have you can't thing like that
you just got to do it because you want
to and it makes you feel good you know I
don't know sometimes it is easier said
than done I get it but the more I give
the more I get and that's so cheesy but
it's it's like a hundred percent sure I
don't know if you want to call it the
walls of the universe or whatever but
the more you give the more you'll get
back and that includes like I said love
and positivity because when you put out
negativity if you're doing negative and
hateful hateful nough steal get that
back because I was in that position too
for a long time whether it's in my
personal life or on YouTube where I
would spread like hate to get like rises
out of people you know I was getting it
back and it wasn't feeling good and in
real life too if I talked should've also
asking that should talk back you know
and it doesn't it doesn't feel good
and now that I'm just all about this
like love positivity you know I think
it's just done all the Schmeling videos
that spread the message of not even hate
maybe intolerance even because I just I
don't want to spread that anymore and
where I do want to spend good is I like
sometimes I mean if it's humor I find
something funny and as a funds I'm Emile
it's one thing with keyboard but it's on
putting hatefulness out there but even
so I just don't want to make you want
something I don't even know where I'm
like going but I might I know I'm going
or maybe I was metaphor I don't know
where I'm going in life bhaijan Juarez
going with that because I talk way too
much
I kind of feel like this is a pocket oh
my god I um yeah she ins like she was
helping me last year with his podcast
Matt to follow up on it because it kind
of went on with Mike Cruz and then I got
back and I really want to do it cuz
every time I see you ask me about it and
I love that because I need that push
because you know I push myself but
sometimes I don't push myself enough and
so I need that push so I got a gen
podcast because right now I could just
be I shall literally talk I have talent
it is talking I could probably talk like
this for all the way down to San Diego
if I was going around San Diego
um I just I love talking it is fun I
just like it and I've talked for no
one's listening
it's all so talented
um but yeah so okay um did I help you I
hope you yesterday I'll be I killed with
his reasoning so once kids use that
extra juice barb along did a video there
and we got healthy juices and then and I
went with my friend for dinner I was
like so healthy but the weekends coming
and I'm really excited to shout down on
some food I think we might know where
we're going tomorrow but really I'll
enroll like slatted about that I mean
anyway oh yeah I'm just like blabbing um
yeah so we're gonna know but my always
looking better every day more oh sorry
okay where are a stop signs actually
this is a five-way stop sign thing no no
it's for just kidding that's one way um
four ways actually that was the most
confusing thing to me cuz I just take
over I know you're supposed to like be
way and they couldn't you got wet some
hitting me um but yeah what else can we
talk about guys um yeah anyways that
video think of tiny amounts like gonna
be the cold fuckin thing ever that
you've ever seen in your life
I like was crying one because it was so
nice and so thoughtful so selfless but
then the other part of me was like this
is so freakin cool
it's so cool it's so cool so cool
anyways oh my other Twitter little
rampage or chant or rant or praise I
don't know what you call them well
they're not in the negative but my
little Twitter thing was about finding a
boyfriend this year and I was like FB
getting a more new rendition like I'm
not about finding love but you know I
don't need to find love and necessarily
don't let me I found a boyfriend
um but my goal is in life oh sorry I'm
sorry
these cross vlogs it's like oh it gets
me whatever um my goal in life
but I'm applying to the shears to find a
serious boyfriend guy potential husband
I don't think I need to be dicking
around with dicks nobody doesn't huh um
you know I love sex it's not all about
what I was just talking about but I love
sex I do it's fun it's a great pass man
but I don't it's better when you're with
someone that you're in love with and
that you know was committed to you and I
think it became too it's becoming too
drama for me because like you know
develop feelings I'm having sex with
people's and I'm always but usually I
develop hmm some sort of feelings for
the person intimate with this machine
for a long period of time so and it's
frustrating if they don't feel the same
and I typed I totally get that they
don't feel the same because it's not how
we started out um but I need to find
someone who's gonna have the same
intentions I do and that's my problem
and that's what I wanted to everyone I
was saying on Twitter like you deserve a
girl and I'm like I do deserve it done I
I do deserve it so that is my goal you
know I mean it love doesn't just come to
you so one way be celibate for a year
and a half of a probably not but I need
to start putting myself first my
feelings first if something makes me
feel bad I'm doubling uh stop doing it
like having feelings for someone if it
was like no yeah obviously and would
stop bad that's just self-destructive
but may not get casually date but I do
want to seriously day like if I know
we're gonna month or two that they're
not looking to go the right I'm will go
and then I'm in like got it off you know
to me but right now I'm not even focused
on it I'm focused on my music that's
what everyone's asking about my music is
taking just a little longer than we
expected I wanted to have this out
before first but it was like March first
my LP eep-eep
so I had two EPs I have one coming up
March first and then one coming out
don't call me on March first but
sometime in March and then one coming on
this summer like June so it's just
taking a little longer we're getting
really awesome musicians to compose
these songs I mean I have my two
original songs than my to cover songs so
they're composing it all for us and
they're just awesome covers are awesome
original I'm just so freaking excited
just share this with you guys and next
time I go up to the studio look it's
it's kind of far and I can I don't throw
and take you guys you don't he'll
graduate but look at me now look really
ratchet my belly hanging out um but I'm
so sorry music I was so excited just for
this year and I would personal products
I'm like I really I think about guys
like at night late at night I'm on
Twitter
today's has someone to snuggle with
for everything um okay I'm getting
closer to my mom so I need to like focus
on but I love you guys
oh I'm not doing this walk I was gonna
under silly Trish I love you guys so
much at Hull see ya soon my first
cosmetic care there's a pretty mommy
with a happy images she has him off for
the moment they might put it back on she
wants them back on don't you I do I
think it'll help over a little bit yeah
I feel like I have a wrinkled weight on
my chin it looks pretty though it's
getting there aquarias today how you
feel better though what's day as a state
form yeah this day for day for my video
yes I like that cuz I didn't get to
blackish am I gonna watch my mom smile
he did it well does my battery died when
I went to go pick you up so I don't have
my camera all day yesterday so I thought
I'd give them on updates the last time
they saw you on my channel you had your
things and Portrush oh she's sick she's
got all her and she still brought me I
can drive everything it should call me
it's awful when you have to drive
somewhere in and be sick but you know me
I gotta take care of you that's too much
night no is not so much oh I appreciate
my line I don't even get this from me
when I did it so pulling up morning
little closer huh it was a little cool
yeah that's true I think it wasn't so
far won't be so bad but gosh darn it
does take a while eat down here yeah I
like me though now I have nothing to do
so it's okay for me yes I have a job and
worked and drove and Morgan's like well
normally I don't do anything and say now
I'd know you're nothing with my life
this week happens to be hectic but
perhaps that's when you get run down
I know but although butter and so we're
gonna go well my mommy look so much
better look appreciate like she has her
hair down like this I this morning like
she looks sexy yeah I should have took a
picture of my hair when I put it down
oh my gosh Randy oh I should have but it
was like Randy like this boy it was a
pretty entire decision I should Oh oh my
god you're so cute
I wish guess I got the big thing in
between her boobies though uh-huh maybe
he'll take that today I hope that's a
little fun just like their role before
mommy so we're going up now to cosmetic
hair
hopefully this is the last time this
week we all those Fridays yeah hopefully
I'll have to come back to lecture and I
can direct you go this way old one we
gotta choose today
where the nectar juice guarding at the
blog this yesterday I did one on line
two of one on the juicing okay well blog
ideas for really do it out here yeah
so Miami just what you get you got the
it's was my beats broccoli it's called
the blood Rollo call or the care the
cure it's a lot of antioxidants now I'm
seeing L is Holly's on orange where is
Jerry BD face to perfect it is they're
poking they don't like anything and they
like churn it with olive broccoli or
beef broth it was a grocer for Bradley
kale parsley celery grapes and apples
is it better than your face
are you trying to drink it you like
hey there's nectar geez Kelly be proud
of me
oh yeah I know he's like a CIE bullseye
my sister would love them wish you were
here cow yeah that's a YouTube for you
right there
Brigid I'm starting back did you check
out the birds over here
that's so really food there oh my gosh
we're goin Birds double blocking no I
think it is let me let me help my mom
out honey thank deena I didn't record
okay dad
oh all those birds were just attacking
we're double vlogging all those birds
were just attacking but anything mommy
hurry mom's like you read about the bees
look at her look at her she's dead went
on her boobs ology look at her channel
you want to see her boob she was
exposing them over there but first look
good first look at her boobs but yeah
we're just here enjoying the beach just
need a breather I know we've been in the
car like literally every day this week
oh my poor mom has been in the car a day
this week since her surgery and
recovering
yeah but she's your Beach it is me
I mean it is a little job but it's worth
it we're over here my mom said that this
look like the desert shoes you can see
you're at the Sahara Desert as like mom
goes way back and she's kind of serious
out of it look at this you like nomads
will be bison oh my gosh my mom so crazy
but this one I do it at the beach
beautiful I love it I know we just
needed like a little bit of like relaxed
or breather it's Friday we are grateful
we are thankful Trish's sunglass I'm
sure they're really expensive shoe let
me borrow them because I like a Beverly
Hills coming out classic I told my mom I
was like mom this is like typical like
up about my surgery but we're gonna go
to the beach and look fabulous and take
selfies it looks like this we come out
yeah I'll get my lips on your face
that's what you should've done yeah so
we're just enjoying like I had with all
the wrappings mom but again I dad I
won't do that
why no I'm good I doubt I'm like my lips
are easy looks like the easy part
I favor Facebook oh you don't need one
of those no no my mom's done no cuz then
you look dude who you look like but rich
it looks so good oh she's that now so
ladies women die I was so scared that's
what my mom that my mom don't die
because Joan Rivers died during class
surgery I was quite a bitch other honey
wishes mom oh I know a drinker after
maybe just after I don't know I think
during process mom dad but you gotta be
careful be back or too heavy careful
he's actor injured help my mom's a
pretty good he'll she exercises and
drink to care of herself beforehand so
proud of me for that one mom you look so
good Tulum oh another day or two
don't we all I know so now we're here
enjoying life in celebrating a goal in
chest surgery I'll be
Sana's and there's the birds all over
the I love it we need I need to get
picture the perimeter and take a selfie
other words now the way you move it you
way you shake it I like to see that us
like do you make me think it go but I'm
going on what's up punks and kit in how
you doing buddy he's my boy short I
don't know sure let me have him over
because I feel like my life right now
how you doing buddy
here's that we're thing I don't know
really that thing to I mean I think a
terrible dragon wash or um I just got
hollered at holida holiday what doesn't
mean he's like oh yeah literally this
guy I'm gonna it's kind of paraphrasing
but pretty much idea is like yo baby
girl let me holla at ya like literally
luckily that baby girl let me holla at
you what does that even mean
no in all seriousness though like I was
like I don't know what that means but
how could I agree um yeah I was just
like I even got you I don't know that
means I'm just gonna holla come holla
I'm like wet and you said like 3-under
from 55 times um yeah I really don't
know that means like I get it like I
mean I hear I've heard it but I don't
get it like I don't know what that means
is it I always think it's like negative
and then I feel like it's kind of like a
good thing I guess I don't know my
sister timing is like a praise but I'm
like I don't get the praise Allah like
didn't make sense like you wouldn't
holler at someone to praise them
so is he mean like holler at me like he
wants to date
what's up up cuz when I hear someone say
like in the movies it's literally we're
all here at it like oh let me holla at
you I look like I'm gonna like give you
a whoopin or I'm gonna give you a
spanking but I don't know about them but
maybe it is maybe it is who knows I live
in like y'all me and for my lakeshore or
I don't know he's a young guy
I'm just not very attractive to me oh
hey hey there ghost is back in the car
I need someone having a baby bath the
problem the way you move it the way you
shake it I haven't seen it
bye Dubai there was no baby in my life
and I never will play
cuz I'm young in my black and my hats
real old do I look like a mind reader
sir I don't know yeah my batter is I
also chew if you guys rap in the car let
me know oh you guys help me on the house
well really what hallo means I guess I
still hadn't so I'm like I'm trying to
figure it out think whatever dictionary
but it always tells me it's like scary
and not secure and I never bought can go
on opened up shirt sorry I'm done
I am a dumb blond guys ah Jim Oh Jeff
really easy right to beat earlier date
my mom I'm going to top it up for
success call again I just love it I was
lunching out of the beaches no change my
my role is the anyone see the movie
which I'm carried at full bloom hottest
Bob Damon Wayans um intern me so much of
the song because I don't want cause I'm
blonde I don't have to think I talk like
a baby because I never before so I never
pay for drinks don't have to worry about
get and a man if I keep this blonde and
I keep these two and because I'm a
blonde yeah yeah yeah well that song I
want to remake that song just putting
out meeting risk of it that's it
