okay y'all don't even want to know the
day I've been having I have been
shooting oh my gosh I don't know when
the last time I checked in with you guys
where it was but I have been a rushing
rushing rushing
I booked so much today that I don't even
know like I don't know who I am I think
because I don't do much and so when I
get opportunities I say yes yes yes cuz
imma call ways available and this guy
literally was just happy to roll out my
window oh my god I was a slight shot you
hit real quick so I was just like
hilarious idiom I'm being like cash okay
I don't know he's on the red truck but
anyways okay it's literally like a roll
down your window okay so now I'm on my
way to change it but I literally did so
many things today I just do it I don't
even know like I said I feel like last
time I saw you probably looking like
ratchet so if I am I'm final of a
ratchet now it was my go like here kind
of follow my makeups kind of fallen like
yes I don't even know is this swear
journey I don't even know luckily
there's no traffic this way because I
legit I'm like I love about like a good
like 20 minutes from Shane and I lived
it left with like ten minutes to spare
and I'm making a good time I literally
have two minutes to get there right on
time but I'm literally like two minutes
away so by the time I park I'll just be
like a few minutes late which I am super
impressed with and I've never wanted me
to wait for Shane ever but especially
for you shoots at like other people are
there I don't want to be that one that's
like hey guys I'm here Lee although I
did have a later call to everyone which
makes me feel like I don't know I don't
even know what's happening I feel like
I'm gonna be like a low hover which is
not what I was casting for but I feel
like any part I play I'm a hugger I'm
just like compost that's just what
you're gonna get if I'm playing like the
sister-in-law I'm gonna be a booger
sister-in-law
oh yeah oh yeah there's a 7-eleven wish
I had time to stop I was like oh you
know same you know I was I was having a
little mini breakdown because when I got
lost on the way home and I was booking
things like so back to back and I had a
little mini breakdown I started crying
hyperventilating and I mean poor mom I
like just called her apologize you feel
much better now but I just my poor poor
mom I was like I literally had like a
panic attack I had like pull over like I
could I fell like I could not breathe
I just felt like I was gonna be late if
I was late for one thing that meant like
my whole chain of events was gonna be
late for other things it was it was it
was a it was a little crazy it was a
crazy day and I'm just like at peace now
that this is my last thing I gotta do
and it should be a fun day and something
I have to do it but like you know what I
mean like it's gonna be fun I'm excited
he's like you what something from Thai
food and I was like I don't even know I
feel like at a Thai food wants to
Timothy DeLaGhetto like a long time ago
and I don't even know I was like noodles
I don't know see I'm not even really off
on grams just like two readings having
reminds up all right see what I get
there okay that got back there oh I
can't get Jays turned out enough I must
get on today because literally everyone
is like like giving me thumbs up and
like trying to like holla at me there's
my car it is really I must beyond today
I'm like I was just I'm going now I'm
like literally like a hole there but I
don't know I just feel like it really
good although I feel like I'm really
greasy now but I mean I've ever had like
hit on so much today through my vehicle
so must be good by the way I do this
hair we love this hair going on the no
bangs bangs anyways alright I'm like
crazy
okay guys I'm like so excited because I
am here with directors oh oh idiot my
all-time favorite movie is Miley oh
you're such a face are usually scared
that I might stopping you because I've
literally done videos about it like I
look twice catch you guys I want to be
as smiley like hey toy sketch and like
never response me and now I'm here
anything stalking you know that's where
are you I mean kind of eyes like your
mom's hobbies like wait what yeah you
did know a lot about my mom I know I
don't mom I know where he lives I know
like everything about him don't think I
know is all his videos are sex so this
was a toy sketch video this would be the
thumbnail I mean sex it's pretty much a
total ease good well with the title of
this video be if my thumbnail was this
uh it would be like late to work okay
he'll be chained you tell me what's this
about a director okay get my thumbnail
was literally this like what would this
what would it be like checking for lumps
cuz it spilling over not sexually well I
was getting a hundred million views like
over there falling Alec who's falling
out know it wait do the thumbnail again
Nicola
that's index look um titty-fuck
tittyfuck on dirait JH wait Lander Yuri
Johnson gets to know don't
he now we can say yes oh hey guys and
it's get peed on by Shane literally look
at the P look at the B is that refilled
it oh great I like what at my nose
literally this is me this is our thing
I'm like laying here in my part and then
Shane is like right there and he's just
doing it and I'm boy
I think that's literally me hey guys so
it's late and it's really late and um I
kind of got lost
it's like 222 a.m.
and so it's like late I saw that yet I
have yet to have my makeup and um I'm
just like really really be but like time
energetic uh so much has happened today
went to Shane's got peed on - drew
Holmes I his little bedroom and his
setup and it's um and then I got lost
and cut literally in Compton literally
in confident I started like freaking out
nobody's ours where I would die my
lashes have pee on I'm still gonna take
these lashes off Oh authors so crusty um
yeah again peed on by Shane Dawson
that's friendship right there I honestly
would have not I would have I wouldn't
have done that for anyone else and
couldn't find my own video I don't like
to get messy I don't like - I don't like
fall on the sand Assoc guys no I'm not
fake hair I don't like to get messy so
but only does it's him and I like don't
care they all do anything and it's cool
because it's like one of his like main
videos and obviously like cool that he
asked me I don't know like you know
we're like friends I don't expect him to
like yeah that company my video but it's
like really cool meant a lot to me and
Aztec kept telling drew that um because
he was there and well obviously was
there and I can tell you drew that he's
like been like TV as I kept but it's
just different when you get like
recognition from your peers you know
what I mean like it's really cool
suppose she's changing someone I like
admire and respect a lot and totally
sketch - you know there
people that a couple years ago you know
I looked at as like such a big deal and
I saw a big deal to me but it's cool i
like I was I don't know they're just
such nice everyone's nice Drew's nice
everyone there was nice I just I just
really like nice people and it just
makes me happy that I'm like friends
with nice people you know I don't know I
don't that's not like weird this was not
how I was doing this to God I was gonna
tell you guys how like sticky that they
go oh by the way what stick guys can
tell you bout that when he was playing
the apple juice and like I was like boy
who knows like I thought I was like high
like drowning a little bit like Mara
malai and I was like braiding my eyes
but I was like a trooper for it
um um but um I mean um I just don't know
a lot of nice people not one of my
friend and I don't know I just ate what
a mime nice people I get overwhelmed and
I like will won't shut up my own I say
are because it's like such a I'm sure
they probably am on crack but even after
like toy sketch laughter I was just like
he's like nicest person ever like he
doesn't want talk bad about anyone ever
like he's just so frickin nice and I
just um initiate so freaking nice like
and drew so freakin nice everyone is so
fortunate to me and sometimes I like to
feel like I don't deserve it because I
don't know like I don't feel like anyone
has really been nice to me in my life
like I know it sounds like so
melodramatic like no one's been nice to
me but I mean I have been friends with
like just shits on me and I don't
realize it until I'm around nice people
and like wait is this like what nice is
like and Shane where I'm sometimes like
that's what friends do and I'm like like
that's just not how I feel friends are
like my friends bring me down used to
bring me down a lot boyfriends and we
feel like shit use me cheat on me
friends would use me not wanna hang out
with me if they couldn't use me for
something I would be doing favors them
and never do favors for me um you know
and then in squash that downright mean
friends we just constantly told me like
because I'm your friend I want to tell
you how like ugly you look and I should
have wax your mustache and just like
stuff that's like nasty just the way
they would say it
unlike my clothing choices in high
school and it's just um it's just cool
to have nice people I don't know why I'm
getting emotional I just I don't know I
think about it I don't know I just I
just feel like I don't know positivity I
love being around positive real what
positive people and um I'm blessed I'm
really um really blessed oh my I'm crazy
okay this is Uyghur I would like to give
guys an update it was really fun go
check out the video it's unfriended
parody um it's just I think it's gonna
be really funny I mean I know I just did
my part but I didn't seal a few the
other clips like just unedited from
other people's parts I just think it's
going to be so funny I'm just so excited
to be a part of it and think he should
let me be part of it totally sketch and
thank you too for being my friend
we talked took him home when we talked
to you so cool such a cool kid he's like
only 19 like I always like kind of
immature but he's like a good like old
soul like he just he is good to talk to
I missed him I don't know it's crazy I'm
crazy I hope you are again oh my god is
something huge happen that I can't even
oh my gosh thank you chopping tonight -
it's really that really good news while
I was hanging out and um can't share I
know it's like so annoying but like it's
kind of amazing how suits me music and
like a music video we're doing and like
a really cool cool cool thing that I
just found out is like confirmed
happening it was really cool it's beyond
what I expected
yeah blows my mind and I'm just like wow
I'm like so excited and I can't wait to
share with you guys I'm just like so
stoked I just have a call like no right
now I'm having this cool energy and I
like that and I feel like I'm attracting
it and I'm absorbing it and
get out there and it's a really cool
feeling these eyelashes though I don't
know um I'm feeling good I don't know i
legit kind of like had a moment jail
I broke down as a ninja and I'm just
like I know this sounds like crazy but I
really feel like what I'm talking to you
guys like I feel like they're actually
people care and they want to listen no
way ever wants to listen to me like yeah
no I get it I mean it's just such a
clapping it's so cool I think I've been
doing this like every night this week I
have been sitting down to chat because
at the end of the day I just want
someone to talk to I know it sounds like
crazy I guess like when I left my mom
she was like I want to talk to you one
of those boyfriends there were so many
doctor at nights it's like I don't
really had that so I kind of just like
talking to you guys about my day and my
night and reflecting on my thoughts and
my feelings and being a heard so we all
just want to be heard as human beings I
do uh anyways I love the apple juice in
my hair I was like all I'm smelling
right now Mike how it kinda get and I'm
gonna wash up my face a lot of that but
um I want to say that I love you guys so
much
genuinely and sincerely I love you so oh
I get like shells I'm like getting
chills like thinking like how much I
love you guys it's just such a cool life
I have a such a cool light it's a weird
life but in such a cool life um living
in this moment love in this moment and
I'd love you so much thank you for
watching I want to say hi to ran its
kind of the life of me what gases a
little
what is
