hey guys I haven't checked in with that
healthy lifestyle update so um I'm
trying to eat a little healthier I'm not
a member I say I was eating out Monday
through Friday well I'm not and I don't
really eat past six o'clock at night so
when I wake up and really hungry and I
sort of eat I eat two scoops of the
Trader Joe's playing nonfat yogurt which
I really like my sister thinks it's
gross I love it and then I put like I
shake about and I do like two shakes of
this it's like blueberry like granola
and it is so good it is so good it
tastes like else okay McDonald's like
yogurt parfait is like the best thing
ever
so I just scoop well little more than
two I say two because I used to have a
bigger spoon so I call you four of these
and then I scoop it and I mix it all
together see you it's kinda like cereal
but it's that little blueberry and
granola chunks and it is it's like
really sweet it's really fucking good
mmm
what else is there I don't even up so I
have a cup 160 calories which I mean
that's probably half a cup I always
round up so I would say if it's half a
cup as 160 I say like that's like 200
calories and then 120 for one cup so I
say 150 so 200 plus 150 that's what
enough 315 350 calories for breakfast so
I'm and then have you got hungry sir I'm
really hungry I have one of these which
I usually start right before my walk
like when a lot about to make like an
hour I just got read some yawns now one
of these right for my walk and then when
I get home I have one of these and then
a shower and everything in them I know I
cook like my eggs and stuff but that's
kind of what I have a rumpus and I
thought I'd share with you guys since I
really haven't given like an update
since I've ate out last some Oh a make
sure it's just your penis at Spreadshirt
calm also - I just want to show you guys
look at that look at my healthy fridge
so I got these protein on like shake
things which I have as a meal
replacement like a hub for lunch or
dinner
turning on what I have first and then
these are usually eat as a meal guys
have seen these before my clogs like
watermelon and cantaloupe over there
I have my eggs I have my vegan chocolate
bars I'm craving chocolate on the
weekends and then my Trader Joe's bread
and lots of water so me is kind of cool
I feel better this is like these like
day three no no yeah III day three of it
let me get much better so I just haven't
showered yet by the way I know I have
the bronzer and self tanner on my face
you guys were like wish but I just
haven't it washes off really easily with
me I let it go overnight if your self
tanning I don't want to be like this
dark one don't put the bronzer on but to
UM you know you can wash it off before
badly put it on like I know in the
middle of the day and then wash off for
a ride which is sometimes what I do too
so just a little trish tip for me to you
good morning world
I'm tired tired as fuck I don't even
care so like loopy I'm so tired and so
early for me I used to be an early riser
than I am these days uh I usually sleep
to like 9 I was like almost seven so
with the how to get up and like our
shower and wash face and dress and
upload my video and everything before
and the moment my mom it's all for a
good cause my mom had it's not a secret
cuz she's talking about on her youtube
channel so this morning it's a moment my
mom had up some surgery cosmetic
optional surgery done a little bit more
than just some boobs which I thought she
was just getting but you know whatever
makes my mom happy
um so I'm just driving her to her
post-op appointment my sister took her
yesterday just because I just I don't
think I have the stomach to you I don't
even over a handle a steak I just get it
squeezy really easily with this kind of
stuff even my own leg maybe look at my
own boob so I just get really queasy but
I told our sister how to work she what
they often like I'm counseling you to
your post-op I'm so nervous because my
sister's had a picture of my mom um
yesterday and she had like I had a rap
thing on kid notion with her age when
she got hurt shin-hye and um like loose
tightened and so
they have this rap but it looks like she
was in a car accident or like a burn
victim and it it scared me to be quite
honest really runner really doesn't say
go and walk the stop oh did she piss on
crack today I wish I was on some crack
right now anyways yeah so my mom's got
cosmetic surgery so um we had was a Matt
before and hello I'm over here I think
it goes to my car worth like he turns
that way here anyhow um so yeah I'm
having my GLAAD done she's wanted it
done for a while okay this is gonna be
there because apparently this person hey
how are you wants to be in the vlog to
which what else anyways so yeah it's
gonna actually be kind of a long day I
think so let me get my mom and then got
a rush back I did wash my hair loss
anyway here's clean and just dripping
for details when I get back I got up do
my like my hair makeup but like not like
my makeup hair makeup like I would just
normally do it's like my Trish hair and
makeup is I like to call it I love doing
my hair makeup Trish makeup you don't I
mean like I love like Liam and big hair
and eyes but um I don't do that everyday
obviously and I only do it like I'm
going out on a date or or if I'm filming
YouTube videos um because y'all are that
special to me um so so I need to get
back and do the hair and makeup which
takes two and half hours and then go
over to Shane's because I'm doing like a
like a big kind of shoot at Shane's like
like old school I call it old school she
does used to do these big videos like
once a week but like on his main channel
I think oh I think it's on his main
channel for it this parody and probably
the time you see this it's probably like
gonna be I think actually tweeted it
already
it's the unfriended parody it's like a
horror thing I really have no idea what
I'm really doing he kind of told me but
like I don't really know if I'm like
just the background pretty I don't know
I didn't ask
my friends so whenever he wants me to do
them then I might be able to do it like
I don't care maybe he just needs another
body for party who knows but I'm excited
to go do it and I'm totally sketch is
actually directing it which is super
cool because I haven't seen totally
sketch in like four years probably and
last time I saw him like I'm pretty sure
he didn't like me like i was not at
youtuber i was just like one of those
girls that was like good of a background
sort of thing which is probably still
the same not that much has changed but
i'm excited about that because i love
smiley you guys know I'm like a super
fan of smiley this thing is like having
a mind of its own right now it's like
freaking me out but I'm a super fan of
smiley so really I'm really excited
cause I just love to ask edge I wish he
but I wish his channel why would she
make more videos on his channel I feel
like he used to month week I don't know
he played as Meharry get so many views
like I'm kind of a care um there are so
many motorcycle cops around laws by the
beach there's so many motors I go cops
it's like crazy um plus everything's
have I got a hell without a Steve but I
think that's not my camera keeps moving
can't even see anymore it's wide angle
right
um so yeah doing that today but oh
whatever I do at your chair makeup I
want to film some of my own videos
because it does take a process you know
what I mean like I like to film some of
my own videos and I don't know how time
but we'll just see how this all works
out
mmm the mouse appointment should be that
long but once I kinda scoober my mom I'm
not gonna make you over when you're all
bandaged up
crazy crazy woman um a training rain oh
my god I have to talk about something so
funny I was in Shane's podcast yesterday
she and friends on Soundcloud uh and he
a gentleman
jenna Marbles ah like I even talked into
the marbles on and OSHA attorney okay no
kata normals on and it was it was like
his best one yet he's an about an uber
driver and his like this like horror
story which was like crazy like it's yes
it's crazy some of the things but you
know what I get it wasn't even on an
uber driver that was not even the point
as I'm getting distracted um I was gonna
talk about he's been at the YouTube 15
which I thought was really interesting
because yeah he's like girl I got some
more than 15 to loosen up and on YouTube
for eight years and I'm the same way
because once you're on YouTube and you
start doing this like kind of like
full-time theme you're kind of like
always by yourself in your room just
like making videos and eating as they
were talking about and I like yeah
that's so true and if you notice every
youtuber who becomes like full-time or
like starts getting like a little bit
more views a little bit more popular
they start putting on weight I just I
was really interesting and I know for me
personally as so many of y'all have
pointed out not the nice ones just blur
haters like Oh Trish is gaining weight
what happened she's getting so fat she
used to be hot she's fat and like no no
I get it like I'm not blind
nothing I'm not flying Dino and I also
try on my own clothes every single day
so I know when I'm gaining weight but I
mean it's so true though it's so true
and then like like I said to you get
more comfortable and so you're able to
eat you don't have to survive off like
campaigns and ramen although personally
me when I was like anyways my GPS keeps
cutting us off rude um a lot of my blog
is editing yesterday and I was like
hacking up a storm anyways I'm still my
healthy eating kick everybody for
everyone who wants to know so I'm a
healthy eating kick so I was hungry
obviously this morning and normal truth
should just go through a drive-thru be
like leaving us for five minutes
get that McDonald's Egg McMuffin but not
today captain dildo not today I brought
pure protein shakes this one is
chocolate and then I brought vanilla one
I don't know which one my mom likes I
haven't opened them yet and I'm a good
daughter
I brought her straw um cuz I don't think
she can eat like solid food so I brought
that I don't know I've come to a right
yesterday that's why I think she that's
I brought them but you can omit Trader
Joe's and they're really good good meal
replacement especially when you are like
in a rush on the go or we're gonna be
driving for 45 minutes so I was like
pack and just like Jigme then get filled
up get some energy so
a for healthy eating this day for of
healthy eating which is really a big
deal
I don't know just four days and why are
you counting like what's it matter but
40s for me I like not cheating and like
breaking it is a really big deal and I'm
really proud of myself like I don't know
I just I've had so many issues so much
issues with food and honestly I can say
after the first two days like it became
easier it's a little easier not saying I
don't crave regular food I'm just not
interested in the moment at putting like
my takeout in me and right now you know
what I mean I gave myself a goal of 31st
January which again these are week delay
so today is um look today is the 21st
well I only unknown cause I can see the
date but I only know cuz tomorrow's my
sister's birthday to 22nd my mom and um
20th so today it's 21st so I gave myself
to the 31st which would be about two
weeks of healthy eating so the 31st me
and my sister are doing this outing and
um you know it's kind of like rain
dressed up and it's fancy and so it's
like an event thing but um but before I
said you know because my sister's
reasoning for her birthday this weekend
otherwise no take our offer for this
weekend but she's doing with friends so
it's like hey for like your birthday
because we had this a big planned like
it wasn't like her birthday cuz my
sister doesn't really like it theater so
I started like well theater but she like
goes with me like if she liked my ass
crash like a loser um I think um nobody
I know likes musical theatre um so so
yeah but show before you ask like oh you
anywhere you want to eat like my tree
like it can be fanciest restaurant ever
like wherever you want to eat and so um
she picked this place it's really really
good and I'm really really excited about
it it's not Capital girl you there I
think we've become too accustomed to
that to make it special anymore which
comes SATA right um but it is really
good um so I was like okay Trish like it
just eat healthy until then and then you
can have that splurge meal and so that's
like what I'm excited about and I'm also
excited because I don't have to have a
sports day I can just have a splurge
meal
and the thought of like it is keeping me
motivated and I feel like it'll just
taste better because my used to hardcore
I don't wanna call this a diet when I
use a hardcore diet back in high school
I would look so forward to those
Saturday meals like I would have the
whole day where I can eat whatever I
wanted and I would look so forward to it
and once I had it it tasted so much
better than what I would remember
because I wasn't having it every day and
that makes sense I don't know I don't
wanna be like preachy and like oh like
everyone get on this holiday style
because I am cuz it's definitely a
mental thing like you have to be ready
to start it you know what I mean because
I would see people start eating healthy
on and vlogs or whatever real life I
guess even my sister she's a healthy
eater and no matter how much someone
talked about it like you really have to
you have to like start mentally your own
at your own time if you want and if you
never want to eat healthy so don't eat
healthy like you know it's your life you
know something like oh just you're
shortening your life by eating well how
do you know that I know I don't give a
fuck maybe I want to enjoy my life while
I'm here and eat all the good foods
which is my mentality sometimes and my
mentality other times eating healthy
which is probably good because at least
I'm not a I'm not too much of one
anymore I can kind of get a balance but
look I'm never gonna be vegan organic
I'm never gonna like just eat peanuts um
but I don't know it's just I want to get
more energy damn bitch
GPS beacon um so yeah I don't know I
don't know I'm like blabbing I feel like
I'm just like talking about nonsense but
getting close to my mother's house
hopefully she's good I'm so nervous to
see her oh my god she wasn't good spirit
I talked to her yesterday but she was on
a lot of painkillers so there's a lot
painkillers then I was interested when
she was getting out of surgery she was
in a lot of pain
I know that gosh I wish I was daily
vlogging when I had my breast surgery I
had a juicy with my mind it was epically
I got infections I was just I couldn't
breathe I couldn't I was sweating it was
it was hard I was out of my mind
gosh I wish I'm ready cuz I never want
to go through that again no matter how
good the videos would be it was the
worst I mean I would get surgery again
but there was issues at a robo-wife
repository experience video there was a
lot of issues that caused me to have
those infections and I wouldn't think if
I four care and where I wasn't being
take proper care of because I had a
boyfriend who was very selfish at the
time like me like well how made me but
like had sex like the day of surgery I
mean just stupid things stupid stupid
things you know kind of person's car
being towed it's rare you see someone's
car getting towed you did a lot of
tickets like parking tickets but actual
GG turn the wipers on okay cool all
right well I'm gonna my mom's house so I
will check in with you dudes and
dudettes soon okay guys I have me a
little patient with me
oh you don't desert her to the tape and
help bring my mom it looks I was like I
don't cry sound like that but she's
filming she's doing a whole series if
you want to go on her channel she's
doing like her every day so if you want
to see she's filming she has her little
tubes in but anyways I was just saying
that um with my mom who is bandaged and
a patient she has makeup on mascara I
was like mom you can make a pod and I
don't what is that say like I like well
abled embodied and my mom has her
eyeliner on - yeah
Kelly did it yesterday I kept it on
overnight I just touched it over this
morning
where's at least you got pretty nail
polish so do you
my mom did gave my manicure last week we
went we got matching ones are we turning
I should probably know not yet okay
first okay so anyways I thought I would
just share my mom uses a little trooper
much better than I was the day after my
surgery so she's there and she's I'm
going to vlog a video of her when we get
there but hopefully today you think it
leads with headwrap taking off I'll grow
at home so Cyril I think it's gonna be
good for mommy but see how I got a
daughter to her mom no I died I told her
like I could maybe help you drain your
well you're one of those cold your tubes
oh the drink I don't know what that's
right here one of them I was like I can
maybe help you drain him but I have a
weak stomach so yeah it'll be okay the
doctor could
we'll see how it goes there's not much
in there anymore surgery
