how crazy the new billboard at the Grove
is rhettandlink do I not talk about them
all the time
and now I see them every single day that
is crazy
my boyfriend's alone in the glasses just
kidding he's on my board for his merit
everybody else everyone I joke about
that I love him what's up everyone
didn't we knew why it's all glasses
there's one thing I spend too much money
on but like I always have money on is
some last step always spent money on
sunglasses I love sunglasses sunglasses
in here like that luxury item you can
get without like feeling too bad about
yourself unless you're like me and you
buy five thousand of them yeah cuz
you're on so last night after I ended
the vlog yesterday we ended up because
we had a long ways to walk back I forgot
we parked at Downtown Disney which is
super far so we had to get out of the
parking and also we ended up walking he
said like 5 miles just like me and him I
can Canada walk him like 10 or 12 miles
or something like that but from when we
started at Disneyland he's like we
walked like literally 5 miles it was
like so much walking and I was in heels
and a skirt cuz like originally I don't
know I would I didn't vlog the part
where we went we originally were gonna
reload this place called Christmas Lane
and all tantino which is kind of like
Glendale which is like still LA but like
it's a little further out from where I
live like 20 minutes or whatever
Disneyland is like an hour from where
I'm at so our original plan was to go
look at Christmas lights and I kind of
lock that and I think it I don't know if
you put on his blog I think you want or
I think a mention in mine too
it wasn't till the following weekend so
we were early so there was no Christmas
lights so it was really really fun to
kind of anyway but you thought yeah sure
I don't know why I have to explain all
this again but her why I'm doing it I
just like to talk him flap um but I
wasn't expected to go was pointed out to
Disneyland so I was going in like a
miniskirt I had like a bustier my
leather jacket and like boots and it was
so uncomfortable so I ended up buying
flip-flops like plaid pajama pants and
this shirt to kind of like just feel
comfortable walking back to the car I
know that sounds crazy and also driving
an hour home
but I'm so glad I did because I was so
much more comfortable but yeah anyways
uh so today this is so weird she was
long miss my mic blogging every day and
like posting it like real time as real
as I can that's like so crazy because
like you guys are literally hauling real
life so I would say I got to explain
stuff in profit stuff but you're like
you know we watched it or maybe not
maybe didn't watch it but it was super
fun and actually a little back story now
that you guys have seen the blog and the
blogs already out or whatever we met at
the castle we went I wanted to get a
picture by the castle with me and him
because I just Picasso was beautiful and
it was so late at night you know so if
we have you a picture so when we got a
castle all of a sudden and we got like
people stopped being like he gets a lot
of people like I can people stop me and
be like oh man I love you whatever he
has a ton of people and so when we got
there he had like a swarm of people and
we we had 15 minutes of the perk clothes
so we didn't know you could still stay
on the ride it's like an hour after the
park closed like we thought because lady
at the thing was I give 30 minutes and
so we thought we had a bolt to pass
security that's all I wanted to ride but
like all the people recognized him I
came out like in that one spot and it
was like so like it was so chaos so I
was like I tried to take a group photo
of everybody and whatever anyways long
story short one of the girls have
recognized him that watched his vlogs
was so sweet and she watched mine too
what was uh I wasn't Anna oh my god I'm
so sorry she was literally so sweet like
couldn't have been sweeter she was so
nice shake yeah I can't get you ride
guys like you know like cuz we were like
it was just a lot of people who that if
you got something take pictures
everybody's like just we have to go like
I you know I I would never ever be like
that but I really wanted to go on this
ride otherwise I like don't care but we
could do like a group photo thing but if
you were to stop and show pictures of
every single person we little bit of an
effort like three hours it would have
been crazy
so anyways she then I was like can you
take a picture of us this is a great
thing to about like vlogging and like
people like watching your vlogs because
like if they want to picture me she was
so sweet she took like five hundred
pictures and it was her idea
she should say usually like a proposal
one actually you know what huh crazy
that's how he like first start talking
to her she was doing like a fake
proposal with like her friend her guy
friend at the time I don't think was her
boyfriend everything is just right in
front and so she's like you guys should
do a proposal one I'm like okay and so
kind of where like it tied it and
obviously obviously it was a cook Bay
but I love Jason honestly so sweet to me
like so nice and Jenny won he just
doesn't care he lets me be me like he's
not embarrassing me like he's just like
he's so cool and so sweet to me and we
do just hang out with friends I love him
so much like I just love him so I'm sure
he has the blog posted by now in him you
see a link below of his like furnishings
he blogs a lot he's really good at
blogging and it actually worked out
great because he blogged for me and he's
just really good at it like he's just I
don't know sometimes I feel awkward to
me on a camera he's just down and I love
it I love having him as a friend because
I know a lot of youtubers but I don't
know he's just really vertical so today
is really exciting I am so happy I get
to meet her she's literally in frost
John today the girl who runs my Trisha
Paytas memes account um her name's
Millie I believe she's so sweet oh my
god so sweet she we started running that
account and started an account and
maintained it I've never has to to
nothing if they're so funny anyway she's
a gorgeous girl she a while ago I was
looking for this Targaryen bag from Game
of Thrones I guess her parents actual
that was only only available I'll show
ya I don't know she does not show she
goes girl I can get it like I'll
something you wanted or whatever and she
said to me he's like oh my god send me
your PayPal I'm gonna pay you for it I
got was so sweet she has no no like it's
my gift to you so she's been so sweet
and also we just talked and she's like
it's an amazing amazing I like follow
her and I'll she was like in Vegas she's
I love her so we are gonna meet up she's
literally ting for the airport in like
two hours we've been trying to corny my
schedule has been so crazy so and I
think hers has to because she's
obviously here for vacation so we've
been trying to coordinate we nailed it
down we're going I'm going now to
Hollywood and Highland to meet her at
CPK originally stop hard rock but her I
can have great food last time so we're
gonna see peek him I'm super excited to
get to hug her and like
like sounds so creepy but I don't mean
like transfer energy I love hugging
people and like giving them my energy
like stealing their energy because she
has really great energy on online they
got Instagram and Twitter so I couldn't
be more stoked for this it's gonna be
one of my favorite vlogmas days I can
tell I'm trying to do something every
day right - for vlogmas and getting
myself out of the house and just not
going into anxiety or whatever so yes I
cannot wait I'm super stoked and we'll
see how it goes hopefully she'll be
alright she won't be on my blog if not
that's cool - uh but she's super super
sweet so of this cool it's like
embroidered on there that's crazy that's
what we're doing stin are wrapping up a
family
don't
well Kenny things there's iron soap of
the nervous
coach you meet the girl who created my
trip as news
I love talking with you online or like
refresh my line I get genuinely nervous
one person
it's point
it's not exciting it's like nerve
Peter I'm just like nervous I'm just
trying to walk with my germs I think
when I meet people and like real life
and they just say come up to me randomly
I like don't get our rest that's like we
just randomly meet this girl Australia
and she has a good like that's like I
guess they call fan accounts like
dedicated to me that she maintains and
keeps up I'm just all that story is so
super fuel
on the Hat
yes sunglasses I was just saying how
like Oh me now they have so many
sunglasses I got a puppet just roll back
guys guys were safe wasn't anything that
jumped out what's important in New York
this weekend yeah but if we're in New
York this weekend so I need to like save
my money so good schools up there I
don't know what it is about traveling
that I was donating five a bag somewhere
I really really really don't want to buy
a perfect
- okay we are safe from master and
nothing popped out - really keepers if I
go on there and buy everything which is
where they have the Oscars
so haggis recipe healthy
bill came out on food I'm about to
consume
nine minutes I'm just a meter
I'm nervous
the best movies they're deadly come on
we're getting close the minitek search I
just like wait I kind of know what she
looks like
but obviously she knows I look like more
polite on this corner coming here to
interested I wake up on top then take
Church right here
so nervous so weird
you guys never liked your shoes I got
her looking here open my I'm getting
that's only $65 it's sunny so feel all
this footer stuff is crying beautiful
all this happens so cute I need that I
need that they need all this
this honestly is a little ridiculous
back home later zone
Senate one okay now I'm like five
minutes late boobs
another dangerous place to meet about
over that pleasure so cute
the water is the sequins that Christmas
time gets me I forget that place it
would be less I'm nervous now you do
with my big bags coming so I stick out
even if you're not planning on meeting
me
Oh
Starbucks I want to go in there
the air
so pretty many
Saoirse
should be are you sitting
what I mean catfish was not her but bird
count with that
should I get a nibble
my mom does that me things at happy
Hannukah over that video later
man
there we go so now I love although I
look so cheap you get all that stuff for
less than the price of like aluminium
all three shoes two hats and earring
let's go let's go inside
oh that tree is so pretty great place to
eat photos
see the Hollywood sign over there
hi my friends already seated shy just go
look okay
I had a little bit of a problem like too
much oh my god you sing too do you want
a block later or if you just wanted me
just pay this means I did enough okay
alright guys so look at this first of
all I just open this I'm gonna show you
guys when I get home what's in this and
this is it gift from oh my god I'm so
nervous
guys I'm so nervous but we've been
talking and I'm like super excited from
because well brace yourself when I got
when I came in I saw her she's stunning
and gorgeous and I'm like I look a mess
I'm sorry I like disgusting oh here she
is
miss Millie hey Trisha Paytas means look
at her purse look at her jewelry I'm
bushi like yamaganda booty today I'm
like she look stunning and she's no word
she's from Australia she's here by
herself we met up I'm like dying so I'm
obsessed sorry luckily I love
like so cheese so awesome like home or
nothing like that and then she got me
this little thing we're gonna take a
surprise so we're gonna put hot water in
it but you should fashion bloggers and
because she looks so fat she's so funny
on the cue we got her own you see like
dedicates a good father to him should
like always on that mcommunity it is for
yourself cuz I'm everything I'm like you
need to post yourself under spin as mean
because she built that one up so much
and I'm like
it's amici crazies memes and she's very
literally the cutest it's like so
awkward cuz I'm like Welling of Indian
women yeah
she's literally the cutest thing ever I
can't right now so we're gonna fill this
hop take eggs call this I'm literally
she's literally going home today so I'm
kinda sad play like Rosa not you you're
like bribed no she and some vegan and I
didn't know we're at CPK I'm sure
everybody foster a yeah it's so much fun
so we're just having like a little lunch
honestly I'm obsessed I'm dying everyone
go while her she's amazing cobalt with
me I like you think I'd ever see them a
whole I said we have to not drink says
we're both drinkers that were already in
the hello so this is this is one of her
gifts that she gave me actually need to
have hot water in it
wait is it there
good night it is coming
hot water for dead it came from family
really she packed all this from
Australia and went to Vegas all the
stuff I'm like you're so crazy guys you
guys are you seeing this wait did you do
this image worthless image come from oh
my god the best ones you can I remember
asking the photoshopping I remember
yours being so and literally looks so
real okay oh did not go all the way I
mean I see what it is and I'm very
excited about it exactly
oh yeah this is cut off you know no big
yeah I know I know their hot water
wasn't working but your I didn't know
what we're doing oh my god it's me and
Polly see with my cow that is do you
watch camera I told them you gave me
Game of Thrones thing she I was like
yeah not knowing you in Australia I was
like let me PayPal you take no girls
like I'm like no like I'm kidding
they recently at what if ha that wasn't
even my birthday so sweet and like all
of something with Thrones I ain't die I
can't wait to show you guys all this is
really cool too in there we already
opened it reality hell of a party but
this is our drinks our pizza got
barbecue chicken she got her no cheese
no dairy much churro
extra spicy hopefully it's spicy enough
that our drink sangria mojito and we've
been snapped Ratigan instagramming like
people do these days or just like well
this Instagram everything I'm super
excited trying it looks so young so she
says she got me his little gift we got
matching little Victoria's Secret things
to win zis I was like we got like
glitter la things
good job Rob she's going back there but
we're gonna be pictures in front of my
car but we should do with them you lose
your thumb yeah yeah a blur of like
we're actually face to do whatever and
all this already
no poison less of them
oh yeah do you like a cute face or
something okay
oh I look so crazy I just faced having
my mother so I was like playing with my
hair remember I short-haired I'm always
playing with it
I really just might eat some on the
couch right now
I should go work out though but maybe
sometimes gonna eat snacks on the couch
it usually when I go work out I've eaten
so much today I hate when I get any
snack me with my shit right back I gotta
literally eat everything I'm gonna bet
on the couch I'm like such a busy busy
week coming up but my snack of choice
tonight it's going to be how pair trips
and share cookies we're not door it out
I dropped it in the morning I definitely
adapt and actually thought about yeah
say has been a long I mean it was so fun
I just love that girl so much I mean my
hair looks I look in the crazy person
she's everything she couldn't be sweeter
I told her this too when I first saw
that Trisha Paytas news account I
thought it was like a like some teenager
doing it like someone I liked a lot of
time on their hands and just like was a
teenager or whatever but mom she's a
full functioning beautiful adult woman
and I was like girl you're everything so
she was so great she went home today to
Australia it's so sad if you see this
girl I love you she was amazing and so
sweet and oh I just wanna show you guys
that's a good wait and watch I'll show
you guys what she taught me huh put
underneath my tree it goes so well with
my pink tree
oh my bags I went crazy shopping today
baby Jesus Oh
oh god why mine so sore I did walk a lot
yesterday
she got me so many Australian of goodies
in Australia you may recognize some of
them
she got me cheezles oh oh yeah I saw
this the Paint Party Rose say she got me
different flavour Maltesers um I wasn't
the regular one she got me a different
flavor to hear I loved these sent those
to me in a care package earlier this
year she got me a little
Aquaman pop figure keychain this is the
card she gave me which I love and he
couldn't make crap up my little journal
these are the honeycomb flavour
malteaser than subset of all these
actually I think I gonna try those
cheezles tonight
she got me at this a market Jacobs like
lipstick pout thing which is so funny
because in a Sephora haul I have coming
up actually I have something very
similar to this but it is leopard print
and then of course you guys saw this mug
and then she got me some Tim cams
oh I'm just so excited I got to try this
in a video some Vegemite I heard people
either love it or hate bed tonight come
on some more some cam so that's a little
goody thing from her she was so sweet in
that Victoria's Secret bag I got us
matching at California like with some I
wanted to get when I was passing out as
a client that's up for me so I got her
that um I was like she's just honestly
she's always been so sweet to me and
kind and just selfless and amazing and
understanding like yes I'm so from
working here I'm gonna work on the
morning if I go to bed now it's still
pretty early then I can work out and
stuff in the morning before I go and cuz
I'm eating clam tomorrow I have you have
enemies shopping tomorrow I'm talking to
you tomorrow I can't even believe I'm
doing it it's not like it's like
something I've been like wanting to do
forever but it's just really weird and
random um so you guys will see that
tomorrow I am doing like a little music
video again a mini music video for me
but something random but last thing I'm
gonna say is this about her is like you
know so many people people that I have
I've been friends with you just have
seen some friendships on YouTube with me
go in and out and when I say friendships
like not like the not like deep friends
like Shane's a deep friend Joey's a deep
friend Daniel you know all them those
are like drew there's are like deep
friends I'm not how about them because
they're from her friends like doesn't
matter how often I see them they're
forever friends I always had my back
that was checking on me they're always
there supportive of me always without
any aid you I love them but I've had
friends like they have coming in on my
vlogs that are like YouTube friends I
like disappear like don't whatever and
the reason is because you guys know I've
got a year and a half ago a couple
people got pissed that I couldn't hang
out with them or day I didn't make time
hang out with them here when they were
here in LA whether they were visiting
you're moved and the thing is they do
get really bad social anxiety but also I
get really busy things come up quickly
and and the thing is this it's like I
have become a lot more compassionate
because I used to get really pissed -
I'm like wool you're gonna flake on me
you don't wanna hang out with me why I
learned you can't for someone hang out
with you - it's like people do get busy
and three I get people just changing
their mind about my dang out like when
you make plans or someone you could
think it sounds great and then when the
day comes maybe you're just not feeling
good maybe you have a little bit of
depression
you're not feeling your full energy
whatever the case may be I become a lot
more understanding in the past
definitely a few months it's like you
know what cool like if you can't as
something comes up cool it's okay I like
I get it especially if you just need
mental health time for yourself and what
I love about her is like we made plans
last night or a couple nights ago I
think and I couldn't make it I was like
trying really hard and then just like
one thing kept like backing up cuz I've
been busy filming and editing and some
like that and she was so sweet and nice
she was oh my god don't worry about it
like even today she's like even if you
didn't show up today she was honestly I
would have understood I know how you are
she's so freaking sweet and like girl
you were like I was there was not down
my mind I had I was gonna hang out there
today I'm like I'm gonna make it I
pushed it back a little bit because I
had a couple things I had to do earlier
but she's amazing and sweet and
understanding and I love her Emily I
love you so much I hope you had a safe
trip back to Australia you're probably
home by the time you see this but now
I'm gonna have a little cookie I'm gonna
have to work out the morning new eyes oh
I just don't have them the energy in me
tonight late at night man and it's not
even that late but I didn't really sleep
a lot last night so mm-hmm
so Christmas you right now my cookie my
what a good time I hope you guys had a
great day as well as I'm trading blog
miss I'm doing Briggs on this channel
I'm trying to keep it up you guys I love
you I'll see you soon and summer kissies
mmm bye guys
