hey guys so I just wanted to talk to you
guys I don't know I feel mm-hmm
I know people might think that I'm like
a little TMI with the things I share on
the internet and how I am and I'm
probably crazy and I have come to terms
with this was my hair is sticking up um
probably crazy I share a lot of emotion
but I share a lot of emotions just in my
daily life I have an emotional prism I
carry a lot of emotion I mean and I
think there's one thing people should
know about me is I am I care deeply for
everyone I know in my life that in my
life I care deeply for everybody that I
have in my life I care very deeply and
I'm very giving and very generous and
very selfless and I know it sounds like
oh my god hombre um and I think it's a
great way to be but I also think it's a
very bad way to be because you'll end up
always getting a hurt I have never I
always had my selfish person mmm but I'm
not I guess what I mean by selfishness
is um you know I always am selfish
because I love myself I'm a conceit
which is not the right word but I'm very
I'm very self loving I mean I don't
really know the word I'm very self
loving I love myself I love I believe
myself I invest a lot of myself I invest
a lot in Who I am and my talents my
skills my just my life I am I'm very
very much into Trish so I was sometimes
I can fuse out with being selfish but
I'm very selfless and the fact that
I will put everyone's happiness before
my own and I'm still like to this to say
I just to me nothing matters but my
family's happiness and my friends
happiness like their happiness is first
and I've been like this for I've been
like this for a long time and even
before I had before I was comfortable
with money we'll put it that way
even before I had a comfortable job I
would give gift that cam has so much
money I you guys don't even know a lot
of people my hair I was like I really
mean I'm sorry guys it's like sticking
up like a crazy person I'm like oh I'm
sorry about that um but it's not me to
try to batter PAC biatch I could always
go change the battery but but even like
I said even if I was comfortable money I
would go and do whatever I could to get
money for people that I loved I'm not
really necessary I my family because
they don't really take money from you
know what I mean was family I'm very
generous and the fact that I just wanna
make them happy and I want to get them
whatever is gonna make them happy and
have a good fun life but that's on me
that's all in that but I've I've had
boyfriends my whole my whole life I mean
up until him you know four or five years
ago but before that every guy dated
would need money use me for money like
they would need money and even though I
lived in a shitty apartment or if I live
in a shared apartment with a guy they
would find ways for me to go make money
for me to go get money and um and I
would because I thought I that was love
I you know I thought I'm saying that I
loved them and I wanted to make them
happy you know and I'm going through a
similar situation right now like he
hasn't a lot of money I'm trying to give
him money and I guess I feel like I love
him you know but I mean I think it's a
weird thing cuz it's not like I'm it's
and you know I'm sad about money but I'm
also doing my other
selfless things but I just don't want to
explain it cuz I feel like it's weird to
explain you how selfless I am not like
what are we about I don't know you just
end up getting hurt when tonight believe
it or not I'm not emotional because of a
boy cuz I have a guy it's not a family
issue
um I mean I've been dealing with a
personal issue that really does have to
his family for about a week and a half
now and that has been the toughest thing
I've been dealing with so this that on
top of something like things that just
you realize some people are kind of just
they're not just gonna love you the way
you love them again not a guy but this
is a pattern there I feel I just really
really love people that I have in my
life to the extreme that I would do
anything for them and then someday you
realize that sometimes you realize they
don't feel the same way they're not
gotta give everything for you they're
gonna put other people first other
things first they're gonna put their own
needs first and I don't know I guess
just me and my head I just feel that
would never be me and it sucks that like
other people don't feel that way so in
the end you end up getting hurt cuz
you're like when you're a selfless
giving person sometimes you don't get it
back and not because they don't love you
they just show the love differently or
they have different priorities and it's
just you know when you have different
ways of thinking and being it just I
just um so that's what I'm dealing with
on top of like I said um I did a vlog
earlier today just you know I was I was
happy in the moment and I am happy I'm
happy
but fuck
I'm just very emotional I just have a
lot of emotions in me
they're just spilling over it's almost
like I can't control the amount of
emotion I have
oh let's age I don't know I'm getting
more emotional with age I don't know if
it's the point I am in life right now
just feeling like I have it together one
minute and the next just feel like a
Nevermore just a right you know and life
is scary life is really scary because
there's always that unknown and believe
me guys once you think you're gonna have
a figure out like I'll just probably
example again money I don't do nothing
not money is such a little little little
part of life and but I thought for so
long that I just need a little money and
like everything will be okay and then
you get a little money and then you get
another problem like you're just always
gonna be conflicted with problems so if
you think there's something lacking in
your life like I need a man then you get
a man and then that causes a problem I
need a job and then you get a job in
that hot spot on your money get money
and that causes a problem you know I
need this I need that like if you just
always are thinking here and I mean
needing something they're gonna just be
disappointed because you're never gonna
have everything you think you need you
got to be fulfilled in the moment and
that's where I'm at I need to be
fulfilled in my in the moment that I'm
living not thinking what I need because
I feel God is one of those people who
provides everything you need and he
knows what you as an individual needs
and I need to have that stronger faith
than I do have faith because that's how
you what I have peace even though
there's a million and one conflicting
emotions in my body at this moment more
than I ever felt more emotional more
more yeah emotional is the right word I
have this piece about me I'll be able to
sleep for the first time in a while
because it's there is a peace but that
doesn't mean life is is easy it's still
scary
I'm scared you know I'm I pray that I
get stronger faith cuz I I don't like
being scared you know I don't not
knowing where I end up as a scary thing
and there's not really advice other than
live they live your life I mean that's
all I can continue doing is keep living
my life because I can't I really can't
control I try so hard to control
people's emotions and love for me and my
job my career like I feel like I'm
always trying to control it and you just
can't
no one has job security no one is
guaranteed love for the rest of your
life you know it's all scary
and I don't know I don't have an
inspiring message or anything for this
other than life is scary
I have literally look like a housewife
or like a a midwife from like the 1800s
right I don't know maybe not where I'm
like crazy but I wish I had like a thing
to tell you guys when like it's scary
other than pray and if you don't believe
in God I hope you just pray to the
universe but pray to something because
there is something taking care of all of
us
I truly believe because I've gotten
through really difficult times really
emotional times before and I how I get
through them I never know I mean I know
now it's a god but it's a thing where
you're like how did I get through that
to me that's God he got me through it
and I know we've all been through stuff
where we're like how the heck do we get
through that and I just feel like there
has to be this higher being that's doing
it for us cuz we can't fight these
battles alone I mean they say God will
never give you anything that you're not
strong enough to handle and I believe
that and I think that's when it pushes
us to pray when times get tough
oh here um my scalp was so it she's like
so dry I'm sorry guys it's like looking
so crazy I need to wash it one thing
that I have comforts and knowing is that
is that I have this in this moment I
have my favorite thing in the world
talking being on camera and having
people listen I the thing I want most in
life is to be listened to be heard and
that's why I think I love YouTube so
much is because I have a voice people
don't listen to me in real life that
much I have to fight to get heard no I
have to fight to get listened to and
once I get listened to their if you few
people hear me that's the big struggle
right here is people aren't hearing what
I have to say and that's that's very
frustrating because you can't force
people to hear what you have to say and
so thankful that you guys listen it
gives me that way it makes me feel like
someone cares about my thoughts that pie
sounds really silly cuz it's YouTube but
it's a video but I don't think I can
ever explain it I know you guys don't
need an explanation about it cuz you
know you feel it you get it I think
that's why you guys watch me
I don't know again God knowing what we
need he knows I need to be heard and you
guys get it I read these comments and
you guys you guys you guys are you guys
got me and it's really and even if you
don't get me
I just I just think you I know I've been
kind of emotional lately and just all
over the place and you guys you guys get
me in I just thank you I think you first
being here because I'm having a hard
time guys we'll get through but stay I
talk it out I always feel much better
and I feel so much better talking this
out now
what do you would listen tonight Banta I
got frustrated and they kind of broke
down but I prayed on it and I found
peace talking to you guys near listening
and it makes me feel very confident that
everything will be okay I love you guys
sure they think that placing your my
life by just even watching and
commenting they just know that I'm being
hurt then I'm gonna make this all about
me but at this moment in this moment I
have to make it all about me it's just I
have to focus on me and my happiness
sometimes you know and what I'm feeling
and have to acknowledge it that you
can't just push it down and I wish I
could share more with you guys cos I
could I would just be spilling my guts
out but that's for God to listen to you
in a few minutes but I love you guys so
much and thank you for watching and um
this life life is scary the key is don't
be scared pray and do not worry for
worry is useless and God is miss I love
you guys so much thank you bye - had her
at Brandis and until next time sorry
this was a short vlog
okay and until next time yeah my kisses
for my little Bab a vicious series
enough thank you thank you for listening
so much I just I'm lucky to have you
guys if I don't say enough thank you I
love this channel for this reason let's
talk
