and karaoke right now there you guys can
you hear it in the background it's my
sister
I'm cracking up the karaoke machine of
the head like we sing at all last night
when we got home and we've been seeing
it all morning so we're gonna go get new
care of disease and their heads with
moms for lunch
I look crazy but as I return today I'm
the karaoke machine so fucking funny I'm
obsessed with it she need it best
present ever
um so yeah I'm just casual today have my
Slayer shirt on and my dolph ziggler
hoodie you really that's not real quick
says I'm too good Dolph Ziggler
represent so funny made my mommy's house
and she got these giant Cowboys were
kidding from Rosco oh my god station
herself very tomorrow man
I'm gonna pay this on YouTube Oh Holy
Week those are you I know I have that
okay lacy is it gonna hurt me
yes it's a lot my all seven big heroes
have to show shows you but I'm gonna
enjoy crap
I love these earning crap wakes up I'm I
want a picture of these two we I see it
and I got cold so I have can you show
the back of my you zip my head II real
quick what you want more look at
Brittany and Callie over there they open
up there I'm eat glass is like refill my
was coming she I do the back flip it
like this should be right there so you
can see like that way now get the back
Dolph Ziggler hoodie my bad legs doesn't
get any thinner happy is fun Kelly looks
like you there's the crab pieces then
the Boston the Florida has a master pan
I can dip it in the butter is good you
should usually try and get on that one
no showing you I was showing the
visiting my mom in the Strand I decide
if I walk because I have been eating and
eating and eating
I have a flavor shirt on need aa
particular hoodie going for a little so
is setting swing or prouder than the
beach I live on the beach and being on
one Ocean Beach is way quieter but I saw
this beach just so so you fishes myself
just selfies though um yeah it's been a
fun day with my family and I just want
to come
you can't talk to you guys cuz I miss
you guys and um I don't know I just like
say thank you I don't know I'm just like
really blessed me can I talk about my
youtubes I learned other people's having
family here today remember YouTube
videos and how they're like so proud
well I Trisha you know because my
brother and stuff like was out the game
with me like something came up when I
picture with me and they were so excited
and they're just like you know just has
these awesome like supporters that watch
her and not only that it's like they
come up to her and they're so excited to
see her and they're so happy and they're
like she's just like to make something
positive and a movie feel really good
because I feel like my family I always
thought I was kind of like a screw-up
ever mess up or something so it's like
nice to hear that I feel I think some
doing something like cool and like
helping people and like doing something
cool with my my life you know um and I
know a couple days guys talking you guys
about issues that I was having a
personal issue that was affecting me
really emotionally deep and I prayed on
it and you know I got my answer but I
needed through prayer and it's not
really an answer that I I don't think I
really wanted that answer but in my
heart I know they think God that like
that's the answer that I needed and and
so now I'm dealing with it and it's it's
really fucking hard and I'm sorry myself
with family cuz it's I said my family
sees and dancing if they're all don't
think it's my sister's birthday weekend
but I've just really blessed and
fortunate for my family and for you guys
and I really want to say thank you and
just thank you for being here because
even though I can tell you guys
everything that I'm going through right
now like I definitely need support and
strength and my home is great but all
night and supports great even if you
don't even know what's happening just
you guys being like Trish we're here for
you or supporting you like that means a
lot and um just the fact that you know I
live in California and I get to be on
the beach just close to the beach and I
have my whole family and they're all
healthy and happy and I just have some
stop coming up as much exciting things
that I can share with you guys that are
all happy and positive things that in my
head I know is the right decision so
it's not a party over there
it's simply breaking down but I bet him
so when I go back take a selfie
meditating Joe Joe my party again so I
love you guys so much and thank you for
watching and as always I want to say hi
to Rick Moranis and until next time here
my kisses
