so it is like legette like 2:00 in the
morning right now and I'm trying to put
this together my Christmas present the
guy saw earlier that has my boobs are
looking to expose that um that's Shane
got from me and I make so excited about
this and I'm like really bad at like
plugging these things in but I'm gonna
tell Kitty it should be simple enough so
see if you like the schools in one of
the holes okay does that work it can't
be that easy cat power bitch I have a
good video to edit I haven't makeups
take off I have like emails to respond
to but more important at the moment so
goals right priority oh there we go
seriously friendship goals I don't know
anyone who knows me as well as this like
this is boo oh hi I might just surround
here complete tracks it's like a bonus
CD but I oh hello I really like totes
break this down oh my god
oops
okay this is a company that tracks
that's what I want bitch I want to be
the star singer that's cool OPO and all
that they have one with like the vocals
and without so back in and pop this one
in I am obsessed if this works I'm gonna
be so obsessed Hello Kitty karaoke I'm
so excited that bitch a bitch okay so do
the I'm up this is the cutest thing ever
oh my gosh really which I might have
including some I what I got for
Christmas because this is the coolest
thing okay so this is on CD bitch yeah
my head backup microphone too but
there's only one of me
lonely writers one hi there anything eg
Oh
oops I did
I simply play
of course it won't play
okay it's good guy and there's numbers
now hello hello not my cup ditch in me
dude yes Buju kind of like it just for
that hey guys how's it going to say
great to see ya thanks for coming out
this is Trish's life no play that's
gonna be so loud literally guys it's
literally two in the morning guys so
just just bear with me thank you
thanks guys oh my gosh bitch oh my gosh
it's I need to Instagram I'm so excited
fuck sleep bitch lyrics Kiwis see this I
mean I know it's a karaoke machine but
it's like legit care of machine okay I'm
so excited
microphone needs to go up this huge bird
loud
Oh Kevin do you burger he just buddy
gonna get you I am dying shame living
mom goes up at 7:00 and time way off
that one you put on your eight hours
water powers go to go away they say it's
time to go downtown where the folks
upper roof you go downtown where your
life's a joke and go downtown but
whether you buy your stop
not giving you sunshine I'm giving you
dirt you given me nothing but heartache
and heart I'm begging you sweetie
I'm down on one knee oh please
now get a new pool a pool in water to
sip I giving you potash you given me sip
home I've missed you oompah how you
tease hello please rhobar me
hi kitten you southern exposure to get
you to the ride I beat you back hard
they like exposed to your barely alive I
tried you at levels a moisture from
desert to mud giving you Rolex and
mineral supplement so what do you want
from me blood Oh Tim roses damn thorns
so you look what I did
hey open up I wonder what made you do
that you may plant over there isn't back
I'm right there as long as you don't
make a habit out of it or anything
are you giving you son bite I giving you
rain it looks like you're not happy
unless I open a vein
I'll give you a few drops if that will
appease now rule for me bitches is my
jam right here suddenly Seymour Burch
singing both parts bitch waiting for you
Rick Moranis bitch
lift up your hair
wash off your mascara here take my
Kleenex with the lipstick away show me
your face
I mean as the morning I know things were
bad but now they're okay he's standing
beside you
you don't mean Omega know how to pretend
thud we see more is here to provide you
your echo guys ready girls all right
here we go
nobody
every single
standing beside me tell me to spear me
last till four others tell me the bad
times are clean washed away okay it's
fun so you think the fun is stopping oh
no the fun is just starting guys the fun
is just starting because we did a little
shop and we are gonna come back and do
it 500 times because best karaoke
student have bar the oh no bitch we got
party time karaoke girls a pop bitch so
which one should I do what I do so many
see these I always wanted these and I
was younger I always wanted to karaoke
machine
dad goals though the reason is when we
have these like OTL kids I've been like
all of these dad mom holes
gamer's waste bitch
once upon a time a few mistakes ago not
me
I guess he didn't care and I guess I
liked that and when I fell hard you took
a step back without me you were trouble
when you walked in so shame on me and I
flew me to places I've never been so you
put me down oh I knew you were trouble
when you walked in
don't think background tracks of
karaokes office like a bitch - please
okay I'm having a party but I really
think I'm like about to get like a noise
complaint pretty soon are all I given
you five minutes with that karaoke
machine so let's just make a couple good
ones because I could go through all
these but you know who would slay these
I'm ashamed to be honest like you just
these are his sound youch I'm gonna be
obsessed with buying see karaoke CDs huh
my bloodshot eyes karaoke that bitch I
heard this song on a Disney movie called
how to build a better boy once I've ever
heard the song but I don't liked it oh
oh but I'll do this but I like this one
I got my ticket for the long way round
two bottle whiskey for the way and I
sure would like some sweet company and
I'm leaving tomorrow what do you say
when I'm gone Oh me for my hair you're
gonna miss me everywhere oh you're gonna
miss me
so I'm like way off of that one bitch
bitch bitch terrible beach this is the
how to build a better boy song sales
gonna go mad sorry that I only know you
from that very beautiful but spin
already song and I guess now here's
another one so your melody and on with
the beautiful
karaokes not for everybody but the
Japanese actually in banja teriyaki for
people can't sing
this was pretty Spears even as I owe you
and I
Oh
remember this Ave VMAs shout out to
thank youtubers try not to Carmen hey
Carmen welcome to church is like karaoke
hour
so so loud Thank You Rebecca it's been a
long time since you came around and been
a long time but I'm back in town this
time I'm not leaving without you
you taste that
wizzy when you get me again the be your
baby you down this time I'm not leaving
without you
sit down where you belong here in the
corner on the bar with my high heels on
back down on the couch where we made
love
and my lipstick Alfred
the second microphone bitch that's why
it wasn't working I gotta get it i
thought with this on
you do a little sentimental song right
here for you Samuel summer after high
school when we first when we make out in
mustang to radiohead and on my 18th
birthday we got that chink tattoos used
to steal your parents liquor and climb
to the roof talk about our future like
we had a clue never planned that one day
I
yes
that's like a really depressing song
actually really impressing all right mom
I think there we go
I know that you can hear me now this is
very exciting the whole shop feels like
these three hours I'm you know this hair
bitch higher Beach yep
red wine let's go to the beach each
let's get away please sick
what they gonna say founder like bad
bitches like his hot tub five strong oh
let's go get off the song oh yes I'm in
zone one two three leave a good Ted how
low on money on warm um I love to dance
so give me moon boy till I can't stand
get on the bus for like it's your last
chance
anyone want sports and here
starships were meant to fly hands up and
touch the sky can't stop one more time
let's do this one more time
great one
so Chiara show their wish I could do
this over again because now I cannot can
sing or not seeing those are you tell me
I'm a terrible singer well one you're
right but true it's also 3:00 in the
morning and I should really get to bed
thank you guys for watching Trish
karaoke hour and this was a few minutes
long so depending on how I added this
you know we we don't have to make this a
separate video but maybe maybe it's a
blessing that would you make this a
separate video so I hope it you guys to
do and I will see you next time here
just like karaoke our my second channel
every weekday schedule permitting which
means definitely not every weekday more
like every month maybe once a month
maybe this is your last one Wolfie
lennier is at midnight
