oh good morning I legit just woke up too
much vlogging I do um had a rough night
last night I was so sick as you can see
maybe you can't traffic all my lights on
I'll even show you my my little cute bag
no I want to do that but um I basically
when I went shopping I put on my bags in
my bedroom because I'm working in my
second room and I saw I put all my bags
in a bedroom and the only thing I had
was a blonde see I got a shopping bag
and I was you know I just felt that
coming and I just oh I just been really
sick I think it might have been that big
goal oh my god cuz my stomach was just
not having anything it was so bad I mean
I wanted TMI you but it just was not
good I was just I was gonna be on the
toilet in the back home saying sorry for
the TMI but it was rough it was a rough
rough night when I was going back and
forth so many times so I just I'm glad I
feel better this morning but my brother
just texted me you know I'll show you my
passcode as I just did that wait brother
texted me at 7:30 and told me his first
video was posted which I am I here I'm
so excited to watch it I want to go to
my computer and watch it but see so
crazy oh my god is so crazy yeah he said
it's official first video posted so I'm
so excited to go watch it and obviously
I will link it below if you guys want to
watch it or go watch his channel I am
just so happy he's starting YouTube but
I don't know it's so random I just know
I think he sees how happy it makes me in
he loves traveling and he videoed my
home all of our excursions and stuff
like he videoed all that he helped me
from video my regular vlogs are on this
channel my church like channel he did
all my main channel excursions he
he like loves to I keep he's always
loved to like video things I think he's
gonna be on it maybe more so if he's
getting like good feedback because I
told him like you need to be on it more
because he likes just film things listen
I gotta be on it more because my brother
is so funny and like for the longest
time I think I don't know I think they
just don't want to get like hated on on
YouTube but I just don't read comments
when you first start
don't worry comments at all because the
heat is real on youtube if you know
people know he's my brother he'll get
hate so I don't know I'm nervous to see
what people say because I want to read
the comments but um so maybe go out and
leave him some love just in case the
haters get there first
I wonder I'm so just I'm so excited I
love my sister my mom post youtubes -
I'm really gone my family's channels
below because I love YouTube so much
like just just as a hobby you know to me
like I don't recommend everyone do it
every single day of their lives i means
a lot but I love it that much I love
doing it every day and I love even
vlogging like I don't think I was like
this isn't logging before but look at me
I mean bags under my eye is like just
ratchet around your hair I mean is I
mean who goes on camera like this I
don't know I just really want to talk to
you guys and say I made it through the
night even though you guys weren't with
me all but I thought about blogging yes
I questioned my camera where's my camera
okay so okay I'm gonna go change my um
battery and I got a new phone case I
know it's not as cool as my like you
know I don't know I just I miss pink
something else yeah okay I'm gonna um
boy or drone videos yeah does she hung
she's like ruining my viewing pleasure
but this is so cute I'm so excited to
watch this oh my god they're like
pounding away so can I be like such a
headache you a treatment no like
annoying but anyways and just dying
right now like I can't my brother and I
still have a YouTube channel like so
lastly the world I ever thought they
would do it I'm so so happy one that I
get to watch their videos cuz I love
this so much I'm like grinning like a
crazy person but to it's just like one I
love YouTube I love it all I love the
interaction
I love the viewing I love just videos ah
okay so today I'm not doing much I am
getting my house
droll which is a lot but I have laundry
I am like putting so much stuff in
storage like half the clothes I don't
wear everything in storage so I'm really
not doing anything la guardia so this
one went behind another vlog but we're
about to tweet my chin hairs hmm
now they have to and I was gonna tweeze
on because I treat them and I think I
get ready with me video I think on the
cruise and someone's like oh my god it's
so disgusting your chin hairs it's part
of fucking life bitch like I have them
it would be worse I just let them grow
people have chin hair and my sister has
chin hair like people have fucking chin
hairs I swear to goodness that everybody
will find something to just hate on
people for like I cannot control the
hair that grows out of my body I have to
get my mustache wax I have to tweeze
chin hairs if you want to call me a
freak as I loogie you want to call me a
freak for that call me a freak but
people get you in here so if you get
chin hairs and you are young in your 20s
it's fucking normal people have it
people deal with it but Mac bar you
doesn't do this on her you zoom chin
hairs and they couldn't really quick
like out of nowhere like I just like my
habit and then like yesterday's feeling
them and I wanted to go to tart my mom
to get tweezers test so embarrassed this
one so little and I was vlogging earlier
and I was thinking is all my other
additional motion peers man I'm not
getting this woman
tell me Bluff you just watch that whole
thing just unfold right now and it's
that's what I'm doing today and I'm
washing face because my face is really
greasy so oh there's another peek big
that's not my blood see I got one but
that's another one just in case I feel
the need to my stomach guys my stomach
has been all I'm not pregnant
oh my god please don't hit everyone says
that like what this gosh people are
people are crying if they think I'm
pregnant
I mean look at that doesn't mean I'm
right it'll set up right here for the
day I am having the laziest day in the
world and I am watching Celebrity Big
Brother i'm binging on it the new one
with like pres Hilton and Chloe and
Callum and kin in Michelle and Jeremy I
was like binge watching it I'm like
obsessed with the show so much I've been
just watching it on my computer and I
know I went a little crazy with myself
to him I was like layering it on is so
much because I felt so pale so I was
just like I need to get tan write down I
mixed it with my bronzer so that's how I
got super dark in such a short amount of
time but um yeah so I'm like literally
so lazy I'm like laying on my couch
watching slippery Big Brother and I'm
just like yesterday I was so productive
because I got so much done by the second
bedroom I guess all my laundry done and
I'm just like I don't do anything so I'm
connected
oh and I want a tan some more Barnard
look at him over Tim skiing so pale so
yeah I'll add around somewhere this
morning dudes I didn't feel there could
happen to him look at myself now I'm
like okay girl I think that dark enough
and you are able to use me feel like
Trish on your face and a lot of people
were like wondering I would just put a
little bit a small little bit on your
face just to test it out because faces
are more sensitive than your body just
to make sure it doesn't like break out
anything but I use it on the face and
then if you put a little bronzer and if
you get the bronzer and put the bronzer
in or the thing you can see where it's
like going on so you can like apply it
evenly to your ultra step a little trish
tanning tips
that's it for this day I just thought
I'd fill you in like I literally feel
like doing nothing and if I do something
I'll update you but this is this is it
this is life right now you guys ever
have just those lazy days mm-hmm so much
where you can lay on the couch and watch
YouTube videos but then you kind of like
are like oh you didn't you're feeling
guilty like oh I should do something but
can't be bothered but I'm sorry probably
a British person Oh can't be bothered
with that can I like British people I
love the way they talk I last lottery
brother I'm like addicted to it now I
don't even know I musta saw a tweet
about it or something of an omelet
addicted because I'm just like obsessed
with us so anyways I'm doing you guys
watch it any of my Brits out there um I
am I do need a shower today
oh those other thing too if you ever
feel like you put too much Tanner on or
you don't want it to develop like
overnight like you don't want it to get
too dark you can always like go in the
shower and like wash it off too and
it'll stop developing once like water
hits you know I mean like it'll stop
like getting darker so anyways another
Trish tip but yeah I'm happy to begin
again and I thought about going for a
walk and even that uh next week
oh please it is yeah oh yeah like a boy
haircut though I'm a little coiffeur
here I'm here up there my head hungry
ruts excited oh that means my hairs
growing so yay okay stop warned you
that without your love
don't seem like you know
drama-free day you
haha
okay so I watched some office because um
I have to do it guys I had to get the
big gulp thirst is real Cup I know my
mom and I are making fun of this
literally days ago but you know what
just sounded amazing the geico can I
drop dead coke in here but I intend to
put water back she boys how many of us
miss and love the Backstreet Boys like
let's get real like Backstreet Boys were
the ish and I remember I'm on my way to
Shane's house this is the same day by
the way has me being completely lazy on
the couch I got up and shower my ass and
wash my hair because Shane said Trevor
Moran is coming over to film a video
with him and he's like Trevor rands like
where what's what was Trish coming and I
was like wait what and yeah it was a
last minute but what was it doing
similes well on the couch is like with
Trevor Moran calls you run you drop what
you're doing and you go because I've
never at turn ran will I probably love
with him probably not because I get
really intimidated when I meet these o2l
boys because I've watched them for like
forever now and I love them and I love
their songs and I love slate and I gotta
collect media talked about Trevor so
much that he's just like uh on a table
so I just feel like nervous to blogger
and then but that's on point point of
all that was Shane in his old-school
vlogs
used to say as I'm like trying to get
one point used to say to people what's
your name who you are and watch romantic
member it should have been what's your
name who you are and whose affection boy
members who've actually boys I used to
be a big NSYNC girl but listening to
Bakshi boys now Backstreet Boys were so
much more talented than in sync yeah and
think how like pretty Justin and pretty
JC
but gosh the boys were talented they
were owned sleek for sure
anyways so anyways I'm on my way to
Shane's shooting space to hang out and
have my Trevor shirt on by the way cuz
we wanted to turn soon but I have a
chair shirt on by the way he wore this
in one of his vlogs where he's talking
about his podcast
gave my vocal cords warmed up I should
be getting that morn up for him
you and I we were on something got baby
name you call okay hey can we shade each
other
oh my gosh this is my second or two
Hellboy mat and it's really the only two
I ever want to meet so life will be
accomplished and I'm so bloated I have
been oh gosh you're asleep I face it
thin so bloated lately I've been trying
to be good trying that's harder tauriel
you don't walk I haven't walked at all
this week that was my goal gonna work
but I will problem um okay so I mean it
- hey bitch we'll see ya maybe oh my god
even noticed that that's Rocchi for you
obviously like new year new me are you a
greyhound I vomited up 11 I told my gain
I literally was like about to cry just
before I'm like I gained 11 pounds and I
feel so bad me no I only have a giant
coke and a cheesecake in here so good
you are yeah these are 7-eleven so good
you know what I got cuz I can't have
that oh it's a lemon-lime pound cake I
like on cake oh god what is in there I'm
so excited
what you candle golden rye Oh waffle
bitch doesn't think you so hungry those
were haircut another good I'm in the
movie guy is not cool very close that's
cool that's awesome so Shane got me
cooking sentence which was he did not
have to do I was like oh my uh
personally they're huge I literally like
did not run that much was like okay this
is like huge but I'll see what it is and
then I was like okay I'll show you guys
the after but I'm really excited is no
one ever gives me presents
I should have long to be opening this
but then I was like oh and if it's like
a present I'm like all things were like
I don't know what it is but oh my gosh
you guys I'm dying I'm dying look up and
it I open it with just this first and I
was like okay so do we need CDs and he
was the other present
up and little whores karaoke which I
don't know where you found that that is
like so I searched really I've never
seen the karaoke version on my on
youtube three stores to find it and I
couldn't find so that I had to get on
Amazon and that motherfucker took like a
month and I think that you didn't say
that you're like it just taking a long
time this is so cool
and this is the party time girl power
pack and I was like oh hello and Kelly
Clarkson I mean I know most of these
that I'm all of it but I love that it's
like me and a double microphone and it's
hella kini battles I hope you don't have
it oh okay it must be something my
kitchen side like so many Hello Kitty
things but this is the best present ever
and not to say that you guys don't mind
like about lost it I was like this is
the coolest friends I've ever gotten
chaining love is so much I'm like dying
oh my gosh thank you thank you thank you
I you my Highway give another one and I
love that you're wearing colors and I
love the chairs coming I tell you this
was a Trevor shirt he wear this in a
blog do you remember on the podcast one
we want
mmm I bought it after that I told him
yeah again maybe twins okay so I'm still
here at Shane's with Oh Jeff are you
even been to my blog can I introduce you
yeah it's her hi guys he is oh my god I
just want to like eat him up he Sodor he
looks like Prince Charming that's me
you're so cute
but he's got his wholesome as it like he
comes out to be he's a little like saucy
saucy saucy and Athey Bosnian sassy
sassy and sass and what's the thing
we're gonna start what's the thing where
you saying me just I would explain that
real quick cuz I'm starting in an all my
blog because look like I'll be like so
she he says some chicken changes sat
down and he's like he's like oh girl
what you eat in chains like I'm eating
some chicken and he said it's like me
bitch
you just say it like I don't even have
to be like like something like you would
do like I told him owns like if you see
something like insane in the street like
probably on drugs I just label me
there's really no like if you look on
urban dictionary like I say shit like no
one knows you started at that it's your
thing it's I wouldn't say it's my thing
like everyone says on Twitter like what
like search me on Twitter it won't even
be like the actual whatever just feel
like I won't say me me Harbour Moran
made and you said you're gonna start
yell bitch I'm sorry better one cuz he
said oh if you're walking those cheats
you crack and you're like me well I said
what's even better is if you're walking
with someone you see crack can you say
hi you baby yeah that's even better
makini with youtubers Trevor and who has
a say Ricky Shane I know actually I can
quit like what Trevor I feel like I can
fly like Ricky I felt like oh my god I
was so intimidated but like choppers
like my homeboys I'm Ricky but well
Ricky was just well I think it's Ricky
was a little nervous because we're also
your place true view everywhere well
sexual tension oh yeah naked picture me
yeah good thing yeah a really like cool
rock band this is the results of our
uh-oh video my channel it's the fate
enough face to challenge oh my god
living first of all I did the math isn't
mine and I meet him tonight yes yeah the
phone even turned off I made you look so
good yes I did I think Shane's is the
best no yes you know what you did of
Shana's about it yeah that is like gone
that looks realistic
mylon's like a cartoon character yeah
but you can't straight out of like anime
porn back home yeah living for it though
really okay um macaroni and cheese like
logo person oh you remember when I had
that contest like this could be you on
the macaroni and cheese box you don't
really have those kind of II submit
bitch are you recording
it's babies every name right
what treasure patatas right hate that
where I feed it
hey guys hug I'm having issues and
there's a carry and securely yeah okay
crazy I have a body souffle right by my
bed it's the one I got in um Jos Virgin
Islands and it's kind of a perfect
little tripod so the arm doesn't get
tired because when I get to bed at night
is my favorite night time to talk to you
guys it's really late right now it's
like 4:00 in the morning to the laitanan
right now it's like 4:00 in the morning
oh my so I once again I can't really
sleep so I figured I would talk to you
all oh I always get the ugly side of the
pillow showing a lot early I know this
pillow doesn't match my um but but it's
okay I needed a fresh one because I
freshly washed my hair um oh I have
something I really wish I could talk to
you all about but I can't and I can't
really talk to anyone about it and it
was nice to open up tonight a Shane and
I just don't have I just don't have a
lot of friends who a lot of people in
general that are in my life that may
love me and are close to me but just
don't care at all to my stories or I
don't feel comfortable enough to share
my things that are happening in my life
and I'm going through something right
now that's really tough and really
personal and I cannot I
can't share it right now cuz I'm just
not emotionally strong enough to even I
could not Moshe strong enough to deal
with it myself
much less tell someone in my life much
less tell the internet and open up for
judgment
maybe when many many many many years
pass I can open up you know when I open
up about stuff on my YouTube now it's
usually because it's years in the past
and you know wounds heal and you get
stronger from everything but I just
can't share it right now I just not a
place to um and it's hard it's hard to
not be able to share my feelings with
anyone in general really you around
family so don't feel like it's not
because I don't love you guys and I know
you guys support me it's like I know my
family supports me too but it's just I
can't open up about something some
people um but it's okay I'm okay I don't
want to worry anyone I'm okay it's just
an emotional time for me right now
um and it's probably best not to yeah I
mean any speculation sometimes people
when people are not secretive but are
not I can't share everything you know
people speculate and that sometimes is
worse so like I said I'm okay I'm fine
and I'll have opened up about it
eventually but I just I needed to get
out tonight
you guys saw at the beginning of the day
I mean I don't know later not like the
place and state of mind I was in this
morning is completely different than the
place inside of mine I am now and I owe
it
she's shamed in a shower I read time
before tonight but it was such a fun
night just like go and and just have fun
with friends
it was really fun and I really needed it
sometimes I wonder how I got through
life with no friends I mean there was
points in my life and I had no friends
and you only want to even talk to me you
know
and sometimes I don't know how I got
through that you know God obviously and
actually after I saw that God gets you
through everything through every hard
time including this one and um ah life
is so hard that's why I urge you all to
not judge to judge anyone you don't know
you don't know what anyone is going
through there are battles that people
are fighting alone and you just don't
know what anyone's ever going through
and I really make an effort to not judge
or even that waitress earlier in the
week from that restaurant was having a
bad day you know who knows what anyone
is going through and I just tried my
hardest not to judge anyone because
everyone has hard as difficult times
that like I said on the outside everyone
we seem happy and fine but no you don't
know what internal struggles are
fighting so I just encourage y'all to be
really nice to people because it's
always you know you never know what can
send someone over the edge of just
complete depression or falling out I
know it's all very like cryptic and
weird you guys are probably like oh my
gosh I'm scared like I'm I promise you
think nothing crazy you're like so
dramatic it's just like it's just
emotional time but I'm really fortunate
that I have people will listen and if
people just like are there to make you
feel better and I just think it's so
important as human beings we need we
need to be heard then we also need to
listen to others to grow and I just I
treasure that value alright value that
in a person so much is um it's listening
but anyways I'm like so blobbing right
now um
I had a really great night and we watch
Celebrity Big Brother oh my god she's
like Jewish love you brother I'm like
bitch wait till you see the vlog from
today this morning obsessed with her
watch the newest episode tell Cheney
needs to go on it oh I'm so tired but I
look crazy okay I edited the video whoop
I never be able to I'm like sleepy but
not like I'm more like I should be going
to bed but I'm not tired so I'm gonna
just go histogram and do that ish I love
you guys so much tomorrow my family's
coming up and I definitely need them
it's like God knows when to bring my
family around like my brother and his
wife and my sister and my mom and we're
all gonna get together and my dad
actually between tomorrow to the
basketball game and it's just like a
perfect time and God always knows like
when I need to rally the troops and
bring the whole family and for us but
excited about tomorrow tomorrow comes
whether you like it or not so there's no
use worrying about it for whatever
decisions and paths and journeys like
takes you on it's gonna come and it's
inevitable and you're gonna face it and
tomorrow is gonna come and go and that's
just life so trying to just be
stress hasn't happy and look at the
moment and pray to God keep the date he
hasn't let me down yet and I know he
never will
god I pray direction a pathogen late
just love you guys so much and thank you
guys for being here in the state to me
and watching I know I don't think a lot
of you will realize that these entries
just live channel is means a lot to me
because it's just it's my diary it
really is man I just I just appreciate
you guys being here and when things get
tough I see y'all stay strong be strong
and positive it's more so than just
every other day you know but isn't
blabbing I'm sorry I love you guys
tomorrow's going to come ready or not
it's coming and it's going to come and
pass and time feels everything and it's
all going to be good it's all gonna be
good so my hair swallowing okay I love
you guys and I mean it thank you guys so
much for watching
