shall we say the story about just
happened I had I had to get my camera
out of my bag that was in my truck I
can't tell his story my mom did you get
it in your footage just get on your
camera no but before I figured out what
he was doing it was too late oh my god
okay so I wanted to go so long because I
haven't been to 7-eleven in like years
so I wanted to get this big gulp because
I saw you guys I saw Annie and I saw
Cameron Diaz have one of these and I
might only get one just for my drinks at
home so I got it I'm probably hold what
Co clinics I really care about that I
just won the Cup
and okay this guy next to you I never
get big all to never gotten one this guy
next to me was like drinking somehow one
died still sitting there to keep filling
it up and I was like oh that's a good
idea yeah yeah that's smart
like look so it's just I'm like are you
can you do that moans like no a warranty
then he did the Machado and then I think
he dumped why don't you like one or did
you drink it through the ice out there
my name is Timothy oh boy and he went to
the Machado oh I think you even up with
her on because when we saw him come out
I think he had a white that's a there
I'm through I'm like a half cup by the
way that was so funny I was like okay so
then my mom like I was like turning up
my lid on it does sometimes like I'm
gonna film this within like by the time
we were like he was kind of like not
doing it anymore evening at us yeah I
mean I think it was a little obvious but
at the same time it was really funny I
was like oh no I think yeah maybe but
I'll give you a recording I wouldn't
really funny I don't know I get maybe
didn't hear but I was just like sitting
there I'm sorry idea like um that's a
chair I know if you were to taste it but
he was like yeah he was like going
she didn't get the double golf you got
like half of this so my time was done
drinking I mean I was gonna find out and
he look like a poor worker bee but still
7-eleven people like I don't hang out
the soda machine a half's of Dreams it
was smart I know it was like knocking
doors do smarty em but that I'm like I
don't know and then I'm a great parent
eating grapes at the grocery store
out of the bag I'm evil too that I know
that people are eating oh my god I
wouldn't tell you thing isn't this I
don't know it's all ice it's carbonated
so like cold water down doctor what if
it was full-on I mean I feel every
hundred you know I remember I wanted me
to get I don't know gets to them but I
sure just gotten done for the video it
was literally like this big of a mug and
I'm like my Ozu I get this way but it
was redhead big ol it was a Gail and I
think anyone can cool off but it's
embarrassing if you're taking that
around like I need this much coke and
with me at all times and then it just
got water in it everybody thinks you
drink well that's why I wanted this one
even for my water my calls just put like
water and it like mix my meal with it
but anyways I thought it was funny so
we're gonna go get our nails did or do I
go to Target when I'm on the phone what
do i do first well we're gonna go get
our nails day because it's still early
enough I feel like I've been I crowded
all right without tires today all I
wanted to BB Mordecai Wednesday I only
do weird movies now not after my night
is there oh my gosh a look at bear look
how cute that bit oh yeah that's true
well what is that a Spanish brain
because in America and bakery it is
mimosa ah I'm so cute all USA but it's
before us now I got so funny oh there's
Harley yeah yeah I'm getting hoarse I go
crazy
thank you
so it's not off to Starbucks in Marina
del Rey and the tackle pot in Westwood
they understand the urgency of when you
have to go you have to go I wanted to
get a drink
well I don't want to go Jack I want to
use the bathroom but I was like well
that's so cool I look crazy
um but of course I'm sure since your
mom's our camera I'm Brian I girls like
Egypt but yeah I really hate that him so
bad then they were like oh aiiah they're
probably minimizing think if we use the
restroom um you know pass key and there
he is with you and taco bell's is to do
without letting me buy anything so it is
I'm going to Verizon axis where mommy is
getting her 6 plus own get her nails
done I just think at the blue yeah my
toes that I'll water tells it really bad
because I haven't soft handsome couple
emails in this what if I can bring this
in
why not
