two really quick things I just got food
from Lucille's and it's my last night
eating out on a regular basis I'm not
gonna eat out on the weekdays anymore
try not on the weekends but definitely
no more on the weekdays this is the last
weekday that I'm meeting out yeah um I
went to those heels and I like literally
just sprinted up my stairs um and I got
sweet not sweet lemonade um
strawberry lemonade she's the sweetest
drink in the world
I feel like there's probably like 100
thousand grams of sugar this thing it is
I have really good sweet taste buds and
like I feel like they're kind of sorry
as I eat tomatoes I feel like they're
kind of um like just used to sugary
things so people that some things that
people find really Cherie I'm like
that's not bad
this is moisture free so you just drink
ever oh I like every time I drink it's
like that buzz like gives me this
Russian I like goodbye
no more cos all I know is it's going
straight to my heart and my blood and I
just whoa
anyways um and the other thing I wanted
to say cuz I wanted to walk and watch a
fight like with Louie I just don't know
the thing I wanted to say is be kind of
people there was this woman who was a
biatch to me at Lucille's the woman that
was helping me with my order I already
placed online and then I pick it up and
she was a biatch and it was just like I
don't want to get into it but I was like
this whole long thing and she was just
being like one thing after like being so
rude to me at one point she called me
dumb she's like girl if you think you
ordered online that way you dumb which I
did place to her online and I have a
million times believe me lady I'm a
professional takeout order please her um
and I was just really nice to her I can
be bitchy back on the time she's so nice
really kind I said okay well we didn't
like do mistakes he just said take my
order and shows really this is takeout
not placed in order which you can place
an order at take out your shoes just
like did not like me but it was so nice
to her and so kind with their so to the
Lord and everything
I complimented it on her hair because it
was like kind of like red and black it's
like a two-tone sort of thing when I
like bright red but like I'm more of a
maroon as a girl I love that color
oh my gosh like if you pull it off
perfectly like that was what changed all
around when she brought the food out
she's like I gave you some extra
biscuits and some extra dessert like oh
what a wisely she was just having a bad
night or something because I can tell
anybody nice to her to continually
over-the-top kind to her I mean I did
like her hair I was gonna live okay
you know old Hersh was snapping I would
a bitch open let me see that manager I
got free dessert
she's like oh girl you are too cute and
like I'll say quit what did what did
happen it was like a totally different
person but Marlatt story is behind
people you can kill people with kindness
literally and you can change people with
kindness so just be kind and now I'm
gonna go eat and watch Celebrity
Apprentice yes and I'm in my Hawaii
outfit that my mom gave me straight up
okay y'all are my friends so I'm the
only idiot rose on because I wake up
wonder watching this I want to talk
about it and I should watch it here but
I'm eating right now so I'm just gonna
kinda guys are Ella here I'm like
talking with me like charm original I
want to show you guys even before it's
all gone because people do ask me what I
get from the seals I feel like I'm
getting sick again like no jars I leave
my funeral help again anyways so I get
the fried chicken and then I get mashed
potatoes and mac and cheese on the side
and then there's like a million
bajillion biscuits in there Lorenzo
Lamas can't see you know my guys watched
slippery apprentice I just started this
is and you guys are watching this Akana
we can have to die so I just started a
new episode tonight I had seen up till
go but God forgot fired and now I'm
starting the new episode after that but
really one was is like an idiot he can't
raise any money he doesn't do it it's
like how is this guy celebrity still
it's like so weird anyways I just love I
just love like talking smack on these
shows even well like I mean I'm
literally in here on my couch in like
Hawaiian so up can see in fried chicken
but you know that's beside the point
get out more I like dying I'm like try
to defeat this picture oh life doing
these things
Fleury apprentice is my favorite show at
the moment I am obsessed The Celebrity
Apprentice I've always loved sorry
Prince I think I've watched every season
like Piers Morgan Joan Rivers Bret
Michaels I've watched every season oh
wait we just
oh yeah I live instagramming into my
those skies too much now I got his body
like the guys and the dudes I'm like
good shaper is like aid look at that
head of hair those glasses that hits you
I mean the guys guys swag but I'm just
like what what is happening like - yo
you got Rowan's being like chocolate
thunder over there just like yum-yum
lick me up um and then they had Johnny
Damon and this is so random I'm like
dying I like actually he'll laugh
attacks for like 20 minutes I was like
tweeting and instagramming I was like
cracking myself oh I don't know what's
happening I am really turned on I love
older guys that I never was like a
charger her Oliver at this moment in
this moment I'm tingly I'm - even that
sensation we got squeezed a little
science together this is too strong I
used to have this sensation hotter I was
12 but I was okay he's know what it was
but mm-hmm
I want to get some of that you don't I
mean I'm into it cuz he married does he
have a Twitter does he like blonde girls
and she's like thick girls crawled oh
I'm like Ashley with him he's like a
dick on the show he's kind of an asshole
I kind of love him kind of love him oh
my god I need a friend I'm going crazy
hashtag slippery Apprentice gets me a
watch Monday nights on MBC I wish that
was being paid to say that
or I wish I could attend a taping when
it's live finale because I want so much
but I'm not oh my god I know I'm like
I'm like paid to like say this or
something but oh my god noise like I was
also referred as favorite show ever
okay once again I am in up my warm cozy
bed instead of peeing like a adult
like a responsible adult should do P
before you go to bed so you don't have
to wait for the light or not hit deep
sleep and P is what I do every night
it's like legit sometimes I think got
you and vlogging and I'm like tired as I
asked when I go to the bathroom with any
up vlog does somebody know that I do get
up them all night and like I'm like hey
Z and I'm like kiss me last night
mmm I had my tripod like set up because
I was filming my oh the end of my
weekend routine yeah it was that up over
there its k the shimmy went out of the
bathroom I thought like someone's doing
their eyes like scared of crab bottom is
it oh my god like crazy
um but yeah so um no um I was actually
really tired
it's really late now because I watch
somebody apprentice which comes on at 8
o'clock here and I do watch that one
pretty much live I mean I record it a
little bit just I can fast-forward
through commercials but so I got done
about 10:30 for me and then um I was
like live shooting it I generally have
my camera talked I should talk to you
guys Marcus I was like tweeting it but
then I like they're like live
interaction of it always and when I was
watching it to him I was tweeting up
storm um LL sorry Prentiss and tonight -
at home - raow Terrell Terrell Owens or
Taylor Orleans do hottie with the body
he's hot he's a fine fine man he went
home and um Jamie the snowboarder right
um but yeah it's getting good so much
drama next week June reverses on which
is really sad like I never was like not
that I was like anti generous but I
never was like a fan you know after I
was like I don't really know anything
like she's me I know she's extend up and
does like Fashion Police but like I
never I was like well Joan Rivers you
know but I see you're on there that's
like really sad it's like gosh it's like
you're here one day and then you're gone
the next it's like it doesn't matter who
you are a Death Comes to everyone and
that's a really depressing thought so
we'll move on from that but I had off
this energy after watching Celebrity
Apprentice it sounds like oh it's just
watch another movie whatever so I
watched I recorded went to Lifetime
movie
so I can like watch it would have
nothing else to watch I prefer watching
TV shows that are recorded but sometimes
I run on TV show so I record Lifetime
movies and I watch those okay like
sensitive teeth oh honey I'll also broke
I gotta get that fixed that's great I
wasn't actually gonna Feltman till I got
it fixed I think that's why I wasn't
logging today I was like kind of
embarrassed that kinda looks like janky
oh there's a real lazy day routine
straight up going to bed but I watch
them face um so I watched a lifetime we
called damaged
I think it's relatively new I think it's
a 2014 and I had Chris Klein here's a
rotary ham for my collection
not so random you play like a teacher
who got too friendly with a student and
it was like weird because he like
totally like respect to the limits
you know they flirted like didn't do
anything and his wife and then she well
spoiler alert if you're planning on
watching damage from lifetime without
you row but you can turn it off if you
see whatever don't want to know the
spoiler but she ends up killing his wife
I'm like the day after his wife son
smote his wives and the Millat are
leaving him basically she's dead but the
other girl worth letter
he's like boinking this girl that got
him essentially fired and 16 and I'm
like wait what that just was a weird ass
turn and in the ending even more
Asprilla we're asked her and like she
she gets him like kill himself because
he feels guilty about the wife then like
he went her mom which called cost her to
kill herself
I was like oh we're dining out like we
what is happening life time you make
fucked up movies but that was just weird
and like fucked up in a not a good way
it was a fucked up I'm like oh what the
fuck were English okay sorry there's a
blog was like so on a mouthful today I
just like wasn't planning on blogging
and then I got some energy and I wanted
to talk to someone so I talked to you
guys I hope you guys don't mind that I
use you to talk to I'm like I think he's
sick I keep coughing oh my god please
don't get sick Oh
I mean using you that I just want to
chat with it's literally like I have
like close friends because I feel like
you guys care about me and I care about
you guys so it just kind of cool like
read these responses in like a week to
be like hey people are caring
interacting it's so fun
I love YouTube so much and I love you
guys
even that's like my favorite angle is I
really not flattering but I love you
guys so much
I heard from Henry from the cruise shall
attend me and this the cruise I want to
go back and I want to go see I want to
ship once I hit ship but I'm gonna see
him perform and I want to go to cruise I
just want to go on a cruise for my whole
life
can I do that is that possible do people
live on cruises forever cuz I want to
okay guys I love you hey bells only like
a five-minute ramble that's not bad I
love you so much thank you for watching
I want to say hi to Rick bredis rules
are give you know this one
