okay I met my mom she's giving me my
early late Christmas present so we're
celebrating Christmas this weekend so
it's technically early but late because
it's like middle January yay thank you
Hawaii yes for your teeny Friday oh my
gosh I don't fish thank you uh-huh um
yeah I gave her one of her Christmas
games are you thank you I love it it's
like a little mermaid thanks mom I mean
okay that's a chopper she looks like
baby Callie laundry so why no one
subscribes to your channel that's
because you're grouchy all the time
every time I put it on there like why
would we subscribe to her she I was like
so badly grouchy I was just trying to
preserve my hair while I do laundry I
didn't know that we were filming where's
my coffee present your Christmas present
is getting good mom where's my birthday
present we're going to capital girl
everybody shopping at South Coast Plaza
today I'm hot but it's like cold out but
I'm like really hot before I go oh I
love it it's like oh my god I must
attend to any where I'm from that I am
probably absolutely sure that before I
asked her cuz I almost like pale last
week and asked yourself am probably find
a pillow one let's go addicting I love
it so cute nor anyone kill cute you so
we are having a girls day woo
my mommy is taking us out to Capital
Grille at startup one of our Christmas
presents I'm all excited I love Capital
Grille Muskoka and there's no mommy and
must see back there all in a good mood
now we're all happy happy gonna be
when we eat yes it's raining pouring in
LA and I have like a baby doll dress
feel to me about alright skirting no I'm
wearing my dress
yeah I'll er that was great time we have
OTT so you can subscribe oh you can
subscribe to me now that I'm being nice
so I am Larry Ray Bans and these are
medium size gradient brown or gunmetal I
think and then I got this cute khaki
kind of jacket from lucky and
let's take out shush your mouth then my
teeth are Jose and then my issues are
caffeine so Tokyo and I have a black
tank top underneath and my watch that is
you leotarded okay check out oh yeah and
don't forget to subscribe to rocker
Barbie with two eyes oh wait I got a
baguette enough food for you forget that
okay um so I'm going to have a whole
family on YouTube so she's record
Barbies my mom's Lenape us on YouTube
and my brother are you guys ready for
this my brother and my sister-in-law are
starting a YouTube channel about
traveling I believe is going to be brick
house travel but I'm not on furniture
I'll know by the time this is posed if
there are gonna post today there's
editing videos but they're doing a
YouTube so subscribe I never thought
they would in a million years but after
the travel after we went traveling to
like the Bahamas and stuff and they were
filming everything they're like we want
to put this up on YouTube so they're
real actually really great and front
people and I know I I wasn't able to
show them for a while but I will people
start showing them now and they're like
so funny and so wonderful I mean there
were really the funniest people like
Nick is so funny and so I was like
Britain I'm so excited they're starting
so brick house you know why it's called
brick travel
anyone want to guess why it's called
Brickhouse travel
you know I guess no oh yes Greg oh no I
don't know either I told him I'm like I
like brick house because then we're
going to be called boy and girl travel
the world was going to be their channel
and then they within like owes a little
long I like it boy and girl travel the
world but I was like it's a little long
so they change different paths my second
brick house but I was like what is why
don't know if it's officially that but I
know it's brick something brick because
Brittany and Nick brick Brittany and
Nick together our brick like Brittany
and Nick grew so I was like that's it
Kleber I was like that I like that brick
house travel are you gonna see this guy
yeah that was gonna subscribe galleon
okay so subscribe to everyone in the
whole YouTube family it's very exciting
oh these two don't you tuba now so I'm
trying to force on YouTube or not but I
know I did oh my gosh I'm sorry just
kidding they love to you - oh my god
I'll talk about it yeah this - they
didn't write no mommy I didn't see your
staple brawl look I didn't do it - it
was like
oh I thought you meant to do that though
we want the end I should do that I don't
these out will vlog away in there oh and
I'm filming my weekend routine so I have
my other camera here too so much
development today time so we've got two
desserts I recorded the rest of my
weekend one but so we got creme brulee
for the first meet for the first time
and I fell in love with this on the
cruise and I was a little busy here mom
that's really good - I almost don't know
because it was always our favorite the
coconut cream pie but that's only we've
gotta get both every time I come here
now I just get it the rounds but so good
oh my sister's birthday is next week and
I'm gonna be sick a Capital Grille she's
like oh well I ever music a cup of Rome
like okay good point
mmm cuz we came here last week but tell
me yummy are you going
my mom got us is like really cool
surprise wedding cake oh yeah where'd
you find the Swami
recitat on some trips we used to have
this all the time back in the middle ice
how's it taste is it tastes the same I
remember it let's see how it tastes
tell you me some with ice cream well
there's a little okay that's not it's
your little taste test - this is how I
remember yummy yummy
wedding cake ball hey guys and the night
huh so nice to meet my bed my favorite
place would be my favorite place on the
beat my favorite place in the world to
be is my bed my pillow and my panda oh
what a fun day yeah it's so much fun I'm
so tired and like videos all right for
you guys Oh like all I've been doing
lately is editing it's so hard to keep
up with two channels I mean I love it so
much of it editing is tough um just
because of you have to edit it all then
you have to wait for it to process and
finalize it then do it all over again
and it's just it can be kind of you can
literally spend the whole day doing it
just because it takes two hours to
process a video and one hour to edit it
so it's like three hours gone I mean it
takes days but I was a little behind in
some I was catching up but it's really
bright light but I mean I love it like
I'm so excited for guys to see some
videos I have coming up for you guys
so excited oh gosh it's a weird it's
Sunday today and Sundays are always
Sunday nights are always depressing I
don't know what it is I think it stems
from like childhood of like not wearing
go back to school on Sunday
Oh school I don't know is that it's even
make sense or psychologically it makes
sense but I just don't like Sunday
nights it makes me depressed if you're
like I'm reflecting and being like I
don't know like I know what is I think
like city nights I was like oh this is
what I don't have like that's a terrible
way to think I hate think like that I'm
used to going to church back at nights
now instead of in I was going in
Saturday afternoon and I have gone out a
couple weeks and I feel I don't don't
like assure me I you know I feel really
bad and I think that's actually the
reason why feeling bad is cuz I haven't
gone in like God klutz beauty mmm so
attractive I really had to pee it was
one of those things where this like warm
bed sounded so good that's all I wanted
to do is get a net earring on the my
language pee I always pee them all night
cuz I'm like so lazy to go before bed so
I'm having to go in the middle I have a
Taco Bell bathroom story but I feel is
too long to tell you right now but maybe
maybe in another vlog I know you're all
very excited about that
vlog I'm sure but let me know the
comments will hope you want to get a
couple bathroom story it's really not
that exciting but I've been telling
everybody it I just I was just a very
dramatic time in my life last week about
the Taco Bell bathroom in Westwood
so it's demand day I can do I can do a
whole vlog on app talk what bathroom
story like I'm really building this up
okay I'm going to sleep tired I love you
guys so much I do thank you guys for
Karen once again yeah hi my mom I tell
everybody that's that one that you know
that knows I do YouTube or whatever and
you know today oh my gosh today was like
my Mecca I think I'm at like eight of
you not so many Oh oh my gosh I mean you
all like Sookie I love all of you but
like literally this girl was like I mean
she kind of have been more than ten
years old and she was the sweetest
little thing ever she runs up to me by
herself Oh Sookie
because my wrong comes up later I was
like she kept circling and I told her
just to go up to you and I was like oh
my god so funny but then she has she's
are you are you famous on YouTube and I
was like I said why I do YouTube videos
and she's like Trisha and I was like oh
my gosh she was so great and then she
asked for a picture she was so cute like
I'd she she just he couldn't have been
more than ten and that was like so brave
I feel like I would not have asked
someone I won't even think I'd go up to
someone I'd be so scared like I was
really shy as a little girl I love that
she was like not shy at all nice to be
really shy as a little kid and um she
came up she has her picture and then she
is looking for Mom shaken I don't think
her mom's around her like was coming so
I said I'm gonna take it to my mom took
it and she just like to wrap her arms
around me and like the biggest hug
around me stomach cuz she like only came
up to like like literally like missed on
my shoes so there's like around my
stomach it was the cutest oh it just
broke my heart I was just like this girl
so cute and then her mom came up and
told me about the story and then she is
like yeah we were circling and she was
like I was scared to come up and I was
like oh my god I just oh when I me feel
like that I mean I love every girl like
a teenage girls like I feel like I feel
like on the same level I feel like
they're always like my friends even
though I'm not a teenager but like some
days like little kids like that they
just I just like oh my god I need to
start being like a better role model I
don't know you start thinking about all
these things and I don't know I just met
so many cool people today and I don't
know where I was going with that
oh as Jim Beam a pole and I was high my
mom like how cool is YouTube that I have
all these people that are like that are
that care enough to be like hey Trish
how's it goin love you like it's so
freaking cool to me it's beyond me even
like the comments and Twitter and tweets
it's like weird to me every morning I
wake up I really do feel like it's a
dream and like one day I'm gonna wake up
and it's like not gonna be real I don't
know I'm like I'm probably crazy but I
don't know I just love oh gosh if has
ever seen me out always come to me
something says like a spasm you don't
want to say sometimes I'm like I just
get like excited and then I feel like
immense and as you guys are excited but
sometimes than you like people rush away
and then I feel like if Michael said
okay like I don't know and then
something will like talk forever and I
love that too I don't know it's like I'm
like something a little weird but if I
saw you at South Coast Plaza today like
Big Ups
everyone I met like literally I never
met a hater in real life isn't it crazy
I'm always scared is gonna happen like
sometimes when people come up to me like
if I don't know that they're
enthusiastic it's like do you make
youtube videos like that like sometimes
people do that and they're super sweet
it was just like the way they say it and
I'm just like and like oh my god I love
you it's like oh my god thank you
because I thought you were gonna like
tell me how much you hate me I literally
say that to some people to like I'm like
oh my god I was like really scary we're
gonna hate me like sometimes I get that
fear like someone's gonna I want to meet
like a hater but I haven't made a height
of my life maybe they see me and just
don't say anything which in that case
thank you for sparing me my feelings
because I think even better hater in
real life it would hurt me way more than
a hater on the internet cuz I don't I
just I don't know how I'd react I'm like
oh my god um but um yeah you got a lot
of cool people watching me and I'm
really I'm really thankful and I'm
really honored for an opportunity to
entertain you I don't know why do you
guys watch my videos for entertainment I
suppose to learn something do you feel
better about your own lives I don't know
why I mean watch me I don't know
always watch me print glad you do I
really am I'll look back on this time of
my life and 10 or 20 years and I'll look
back and all I can feel to see it on my
face that that I really feel loved by
the Internet
it's weird I don't know I don't know
nice life is trippy sometimes you don't
have to understand it mm-hmm sometimes
just gotta live it I'm laughing I'm
going crazy I love you guys so much I
told you to tackle ball strike right now
my eyes look really glossy I think it's
just cuz I'm like steroids what bright
light so I'm only not do that I love you
guys so much thank you're watching you
wanna say hi to Rick Moranis and as Alex
like hammer kisses my little baby fish
not my eyes
