hey everyone so I'm in a really chatty
mood today so I'm bringing my vlogging
camera even though I'm not really doing
much I'm actually filming my lazy day
routine which is like pretty much five
out of the seven days of the week okay
let's be honest six out of seven days of
the week so I'm filming like what I like
to do on like a lazy day like from start
to finish like morning to night whatever
so kind of like these blogs with just a
little more professional on voiceover so
I'm not really talking about but I feel
so chatty so I'm like I'm just gonna
bring this one game work and I'll be
like I want to talk in the first day I
want to have Wow
well one one of these pants but I'm
driving out and I'm like literally
getting glitter all over my car okay
yourself there's this channel I watch I
don't even know like she has a channel
URL she just goes by Shannon Rose but I
don't know she's like a backslash you
know like new now that she's like new
but like newer youtubers like don't have
to have a URL anymore so it's like that
was confusing to me I don't know ever
since the Google+ thing so I don't use
the URL I just know she goes by she and
rose but I totally was thinking of her
and boyfriend Travis because I have
these lines on which I love and I got
him from Victoria's Secret um but
there's like literally like glitter all
over my car now and I was just thinking
about it I was like oh my gosh like I
can't understand well one like I don't
like it in general I'm gonna want I'm
gonna want some glitter in my car but I
can understand because I think the only
I would've liked a guy drove my car or
something or like just like a guy friend
and he had like a girlfriend or a wife
or something and then went home and he
like all this like glitter on his ass
like that looks oh that does look look
so suspicious if you look at that so I
was like really funny I told a second of
her because she's telling how much
around Christmastime so funny it's like
just like shutting off at this point
like happy things were great and the
washers can all come off whatever um
but yeah and never on Christmastime Shh
I can't have anything glitters it was
dead or something from healed oxygen
like bring it to her house or something
cuz it was like glitter if ik and I just
thought that was like really funny so I
thought of them and actually I have a
package from them and I pried open it on
this vlog so I was like it's not part of
my lazy day routine opening packages it
kinda is but I feel like it's not that
exciting but that's okay I feel like my
children's life audience would find that
exciting
I mean I think it's exciting and I'm
really excited to see what's in the box
cuz was like wrapped all cute and stuff
and I love her so so much so excited I'm
like bobbing about that was good thing
it's gonna blab oh cart okay so
obviously about a new car you would not
you saw
um but I was just thinking about how
funny about this car is it shuts off
like all shuts off when you're at a stop
so it saves your fuel I think that's
what else um it's really quiet no no I
was thinking like oh like when I get
another car like I'm just like thinking
ahead you know that was gonna dream big
but I'm thinking I don't want a second
car like not now or anything but like
one day in the future would be cool to
have like a second car cuz I love big
SUVs too like this is a two-seater
two-door convertible what I love like
big SUV like trucks like the Mercedes G
Wiig and love it but I love this too so
it's like I don't want to like trade
this in and get that when you have both
one day you know um when I can just oh
hello
oh my gosh okay it's one of those
friends that it shows off yeah perfect
it's one of those friends who will text
me like 10 times in a row and it drives
me insane and it's not even important
things that have sometimes I just wrote
it's like just kind of annoying things
when my choir definitely this 10 times
in a row like the first Texan don't
really even care but 10 times know I
remember texture in general which I
think you should know about me I just
hate texting people I don't know what it
is I'm a great friend when we hang out
but I hate like text chatting like if
you need me text me if there's something
important text me but to just like oh my
gos okay me little bp's dropped if you
are just texting me just to like text
conversation talk to me let's just do in
a person i'm not a text Turk I like I'm
alone a lot of times yes and I like it
that way if I don't like to be alone I
would be around b-boom more but I like
to be alone and that includes in my mind
and my thoughts and not getting texts um
and I don't love you mom and everybody
else who texted me but um yeah so oh
yeah so I'm getting a new car Oh anyways
long story short as you know I would go
back to the place I got this car cuz
it's where I got my my red convertible
and I got this covered wine and I like
that place they have good stock they've
good inventory and the actual like he's
not the owner but he's not like a
manager either he's like in between the
two like he's like head honcho you know
that from his office and stuff he likes
super super nice and so my god Pope
ethic at that just like think of this
right and then I was thinking like oh my
gosh would I ask the guy who sold me
this car because the guy who stole my
car was so great okay let me just put
this way all car salesman's are shady as
shit and my mom was actually supposed to
get a car with me that day and there's a
reason she didn't is because they were
shady and my mama he chained people I
hate shady people too but I also like
love a car more than I hate shade people
so I was just like whatever but they are
shady and you gotta like catch him on it
like you have to be a little like
hunting but I know
looked at me everyone while that we were
like idiots and I'm not saying we're
like the smartest people in the world
but like honestly here's the thing just
drop quick real quick recap is there was
a certain amount that I would put down
for this and I said I won not a lot not
a lot they wanted me to put down a crazy
amount like I did my first cars like
heck no like you guys know me like I'm
not putting that much down like no no um
you know cuz I ended up I ended up
buying it off and then when I went to go
trade in it was just such a lesser value
and so I'm like I'm gonna put that much
down and all that other stuff so I was
like no no no and then whatever we got
it down to a price and then like all the
sudden it goes back up to the oh my gosh
my camera's dying as I wanted to talk to
you guys my camera sighing oh shoot
hache I have a really bad habit of not
changing my batteries anyways so anyways
I went back up to that price and more
when I finally came down to it I was
like oh whoa I'm not giving a check for
this amount today no and they're just
like Oh for like security deposit which
they kind of got me out of my first
convertible which I found out though oh
yeah the first weirdo like I thought
like oh yeah a security deposit which
you'll get back which I never really did
it ended up being like Oh fees and this
and that so they're like oh you'll get
it back I'm like oh no no no no no
that's not work if that's not happening
again
like that's just no um so it ended up
like working out like how I wanted it
and stuff but oh my god they're just
like car salesmen are shady but they
were both great the guy who sold me my
first one was great I mean not me my car
with really bad kinda guy who got me
this one was great because I was like
again my credit wasn't like that great
either I mean my card is definitely
better but I know they're like good but
like getting you in a car just the way
they go about its little shape then I'm
like to have to go ask for him because
you saw the guy who's filming my first
convertible and he looked pissed that we
didn't ask for him I did another thing
that you're supposed to asked for the
the salespeople but the first guy his
name is Gary had an assistant who was
like harassing me and stalking me after
we bought the car and she was crazy and
she they were also the ones that like
wanted me to go to the bank and have her
drive me and my mom stay there and give
him the keys it was like shady so I
don't know I wasn't like feeling it to
go back to him necessarily and then this
guy was so cool too until he kind of
became shady on my mom which I didn't
like and I know my mom definitely didn't
like so it's like you know
oh I'm so my car tells me it's unsafe to
signal and I love that which it just did
um but yeah anyway I don't know I guess
that's like not etiquette is it the
etiquette I don't know do you guys go
back and ask for thing cars person I'm
like whoever greets us first if anyone
greased it sometimes people like
especially you guys well you guys saw
what I was wearing like something I
wasn't I dressed up or anything I was
like so bumming like I literally just
got out of bed when I met with my mom
like I wasn't planning on going to a car
shopping so I'm sure they like like saw
me and my baggy jeans and flip-flops
were like this bitch ain't gonna be my
no Mercedes today not gonna help her so
I don't appreciate when a guy like will
come up it can I help you guys like I
like that so I feel like I would just do
that again
I don't know I'm glad I'm so sad my
think is dying okay well so Kay I have a
fresh charged battery at home whereas
when I open the package anyways but I'm
gonna go see um Annie
finally I was resisting but you know I
really want to see I love musicals into
the woods sucked by the way I don't know
if I ever said on a blog cam but I saw
my sister I don't think walk that day
but into the woods was so terrible I
hated it so much so annie has to be but
on that alright okay just got out of
Union and it was such a good movie
actually I don't think it's gonna like
it and I've done it the whole time that
the previous were coming out and trailer
but it was it it made me really happy
especially the musical number at the end
okay it does get a little taking these
two like Annie being in modern-day form
because I love the original Annie
leaving the remake of the original Annie
so much but that's pretty good camera
Diaz a little distracting but shake your
baby um but some of the new songs I
didn't like but other than that's really
good and I mean we feel really happy
just like musical stairs down
get on that hopefully it's not pouring
but nothing I really loved um oh hello
crazy integer how do you two get some
pointing crackers and one's heart now
the other thing I really liked um and I
know this is like oh my gosh it's like a
raining raining shoot
Wow that's pouring right now okay guys
it's Paul right now and this would be it
to be continued in the car but yeah it's
like a lot of rains huh
this one's not want to throw something I
can't run for it first we like it we
made it we're nice and toasty yeah yeah
okay I love that my car is keyless and
used everything all cars keyless it's
just safer when you're in parking lots
alone just easier all you need is the
key in your purse or pocket or wherever
but um yeah I want like I said I was in
the theater gaming like I'm gonna hate
this that was my mindset I'm like I
can't wait to dog on this you know my
only complaint is of course to Miss
Hannigan and Anna casting which is very
hard to cast because you know those are
classic roles or iconic roles Miss
Hannigan originally played with Carol
Burnett and then Kathy Bates played on a
remake for TV and you know it's hard to
cast and of course
Annie it's not here's the thing she
almost has a little too much sass for me
to care about her I know it sounds like
so bad she was super cute adorable so
like you ended up caring for her but I
thought like she's a little too sassy
for me I was like girl check yourself
you're a mobster kid um and that was a
weird - weird thing that the changed the
foster kid I like the updates on the
original songs I just didn't like the
original songs I try such hard with
battery backup and tell you the one
thing I really liked it happened at the
end of the movie was the integration
interracial kiss and I know it's like
okay judge it's like 2015 and not like
1962 so it's like should it be that big
of a deal because obviously there's
interracial couples and it's like so
common and normal and of course I myself
always used to only date black guys I
was like racist towards white guys
almost because I got only want to date
black guys um no I don't really care I
just go with head clever but I used to
be my one thing that has attracted to um
so like obviously I'm not saying this to
be like oh like I applaud but I do
applaud because it made it not about it
wasn't interracial kiss intentionally
like it wasn't like Oh
black guy and a white girl like oh my
gosh I can't says it's crazy it just
happened naturally in a movie you really
don't see that all that often so I like
that part of it like that they're
incorporating that more I think they
should incorporate that more same thing
with like gay couples and stuff um I
think it should be just more common to
see in movies because we learn what we
see in TV and film and I feel like oh
hello as you fall I feel like you know
we accept what society tells us you know
magazines tell us that girl should be
skinny and so we all want to be skinny
me but now of course the the plus-size
movement oh my gosh it is rude the
plus-size movements happening and all
that jazz but anyways um okay I should
probably focus on driving and I'll
holding you guys up wow that's crazy how
much rain there is right hey um but yeah
yeah it was really good overall oh my
gosh I look so bad and I already met two
people that watch my videos I'm gonna
start like cater um
but guys I'm like like a little big rock
and I still see this my lazy day routine
but summer clothes and swimsuits and
cute ladies target is where it's at I
love my iced tea has literally no oyster
it's just a warm tea I guess
so I'm going to take a break from
watching glue and open this box that I
got from Shannon and Travis's hangar
earlier and so it looks like it has
tinker ball wrapping on it I think is
super cute I saw it I was like is this
um yes I recognize this is my backdrop
for my filming aka my living room I'm
open oh I just ate some dinner and I
just feel so bloated and pulled I did
not need it I thought I needed it but it
actually ended up just making me sicker
movie popcorn was so good as it always
is and as it always does it made me
really sick but yeah I mean watch the
new episode or the new season of Glee
which is the first episode of the last
season starting and they were seeing you
suddenly seem weren't really happy bring
in Rick Moranis bag bitches okay this is
so cute by the way she was here over
Christmas and I was obviously on my
cruise so we didn't really get together
but this girls are not to me she said I
wanna send you an ornament like oh okay
like that was so sweet but this looks a
little more than an ornament but just
open it up like that if you guys don't
know if Shannon and Travis I will link
their YouTube her YouTube and I think he
has a youtube to the things YouTube's
all like healthy I didn't subscribe
sorry I love you but uh I was like yeah
I don't really need to be recipes I
probably need it do I want it not at the
moment but you know Never Say Never oh
my gosh it's just the cutest thing ever
can you see that it says because
everyone who has pizza including even
freely I think that's so cute she had
sent me a text message about that's like
adorable by the way she had sent me a
text message about like eat whatever you
want girl like Domino's or something I
forgot what it was I think I might have
said something about her in that vlog or
something but she's like eat what she
won't got like I love that because she's
a vegan and she's like it's kind of
extreme about it ELISA from what I can
tell on her blogs like they're really
extreme or she's really extreme so I'm
like oh man I should watch my vlogs and
cringes but she's like not a hater you
know I mean like some vegans like freely
I know and create
obviously a troll in some aspects but
some vegans and raw food aside on real
life are that crows II and they're like
think you're the devil that you eat
carbs and meat but she's not like that
mmm there's the card does Trish here are
some small gifts to show you we love you
and are thinking of you you are such an
amazing real person and your personality
shines so bright just know you have
friends Travis and I whenever you need
us we will be here we are sending our
love and hope you had a great great time
I think it's time great fam take a
Chanel had a great fan makasian sending
our love and jobs all I think about us
are going sending you all our love and
positivity for our house to yours and
then Chad's going we'll be here tomorrow
will you they're really funny guys um I
think I've explained how I know Shannon
to explain this okay well first of all I
saw like a long time ago like this like
article about Shannon and Travis like
the sake movie they're making and I'm
not like going to detail about it
because I think they took down the they
had a trailer about it I think they took
it down so I'm not only why and when we
hang out girl I'm gonna ask you about it
I don't know why they took it down but
it thought it was like a really cool
concept and I saw an article where I end
up doing like a shout out video for them
and we just been friends ever since I
haven't met her one time when she lived
in LA in person but it was before she
started like full-time vlogging so I'd
only seen a couple of her videos and
then that article about her um so I
didn't even tell her this in the cooling
mat she was just like really kind of
quiet and like standoffish and like
gorgeous like I was so intimidated by I
don't know okay she used to be a porn
star so it looks like I'm going on
tangible like ex porn stars or any porn
stars like there were anyone that was
important to her that were so she'd
always intimidate me because you think a
porn star you think of like these
gorgeous like sexy like ultimate sex
icon woman so me I'm always like oh quad
I look like so frumpy I feel so like
self-conscious but um so then with that
with her being like kind of quiet and
I'm when she had sunglasses and like I
don't know she wasn't like blogging at
the time so I don't know now that I like
know her like I'm obsessed with it but
when I met her we just weren't I want to
say as close but I think it's more
because like I'm blogging now she's
blogging now and just get to know people
from your blogs I mean you guys know
like I feel like when people come up to
me in public like they get excited and
they just like we just go in for the hug
because you know you watch my walk
like you you do in a sense know that
purse you know you do know them you know
their personality you know what they
like what they don't like I know like
all of Shannon's likes and dislikes like
I feel like we have been friends even
though I just watch her and she watches
me but that's kind of cool about YouTube
is you can watch people become friends
with them and I think that's so cool so
as I like to meet other youtubers no
matter how big or small it's really cool
because we're all kind of doing this
like common thing we have like this
common hobby and you know you get to
know each other through that which i
think is is really cool as I am you ever
before I became friends with like Lisa
and Shane and even Shana I used to watch
their vlogs because Shane was like the
og daily vlogger back in the day I'm
going on like this weird tangent output
you know I met him obviously on that
shoot I did but then we never never
really became friends with any of them
until like a year and a half later when
Lisa started incorporating me in her
videos and um but like I felt like I
already knew them so when like Lisa
started incorporating my videos I was
actually I'm like a fangirl because I
mover I remember I don't I don't know if
she never put it I don't think you ever
pick up but the first time I met Shauna
I like fangirl like crazy and like
Shauna's like one of my closest friends
now it actually you know that she ready
to go see her but Shauna was like my
closest friend off you to my first
closest friend and so like but I felt
like I knew her and I'm really a fan
girl Dover her Isaac I love you because
they were daily vlogging and you just
feel like you know them and I felt like
I knew Shane and I felt like I knew Lisa
and I feel like Neutron but you want to
walk creep you'd be like oh hey like I
know everything about you
whatever I'm over that though um oh my
gosh this is so cute she got me a bath
and Bodyworks candle girl this is more
than an ornament she's so crazy I
prepend oh my gosh I was what I like
okay here's the thing
by the way girl I have I don't know I'm
gonna show you I have vegan I'm going to
show you actually let me show you right
now so I don't forget
all right y'all they just pull up my
pants over my gut you'll don't even know
how obsessed I am with them I'm so
obsessed that I ended up getting these
chocolates say we're talking about these
vegan chocolate off Amazon yeah I got
like sorry I'm not even vegan I can
totally eat chocolate and I get vegan
chocolate because Shannon gets me
nothing like you guys name and I'm like
legit obsessed stuff I'm
sited girl this is too much I really
really did it gosh how I Anita doing
Cape tushy
I'm so bad I guess I'm so bad I guess I
really am
oh my gosh Oh
oh my gosh it smells so good you know I
have not bought a candle for myself in
like a month like which is that sounds
like like not a lot some you will that
left me oh my gosh is so yummy so nice
girl you do not have to spend money on
me I always feel so humble people spend
money on me I feel like oh girls ohh aah
I just love her so much
I invited Caroline's wedding by the way
um they're getting married this year and
I just really want to go to their
wedding and that sounds so creepy but go
we need hangout for them so we can
become biffle's a huge you're lucky I
need your vegan wedding cake I'm like
fascinated by veganism ever since um
Shannon and this girl amber i watch
amber Walter and of course freely which
I don't really watch but oh my gosh how
cute is that frickin love you I think I
can hear she and see that too by the way
Shannon's got big ass lips I don't know
how she gets him that big like okay I'm
no low pouring I think oh my God he's
talking lip injections cousin Janet I
love you I want GGG like I wish I love
injections you know I always want a
bigger lips but when GG got hers done I
was like oh girl I need get mine done -
um it was just kind of like I kickin my
butt but she hadn't has really big lips
in him so I love them and every time she
talks to just stare georgous I think I
she's a lot smaller than me maybe her
lips just looked like ten times bigger
than they went on my face I don't know I
love her and that wasn't she was it a
Midwest gate oh my god I'm like going
I'm like recapping she said video
busking even have someone like coalition
like she eats a lot or something which I
thought was a really good video because
I don't really think of it like that
like I know skinny she makes a thing but
like obviously because I'm not skinny I
don't really like to think of it as like
an issue but you know what they were
right like if someone was opposite like
someone said oh doesn't like eat a lot
like someone said to me Oh looks like
you eat a lot like fit like cry you know
what I mean so I'm like I got from
Canada but this is so cute I frickin
love you so nice and then there's one
more thing oh my gosh oh my gosh I totes
thinks she was talking about the same
thing this is a selfie shooter oh my oh
my gosh oh my god
mago much how do I open s oh oh my god I
like don't think I can open that skies
I'm gonna bust my nails any time I've
been like in a rush to open something
like in a hurry I like into busting my
nails I don't understand why I can't
open this and I want to cut a cord
either just gotta cook or I would cry
I'm obsessed I'm so obsessed about my
boys Oh tablet stand this wax yeah I am
press the circle button located in the
center of a selfie shooter to turn on
okay
well this is like trippy because I
thought I was gonna be like a huge like
corn thing but press the circle button
can when you take this out okay not yeah
okay so press the circle button located
in the center of the selfie shooter to
turn it on the instruction light will
switch into matching mode after
approximately eight seconds that's not
work don't you battery have any
batteries sometimes are like I'm going
about it oh oh oh we leave - okay remove
that way I'm like illiterate no not her
that's the wrong chord I'm like
technologically challenged at times it
takes me forever to like learn something
okay now we'll hold down for a sec oh
there goes okay
select Bluetooth connection in your
phone settings menu tense and I think
it's already on reverse your phone's
camera stand back and press the set and
burner on selfie shoot or take a photo
all right let's go to selfie okay
settings Bluetooth is on
son scape is a Sun scape
to connect the selfie shooter I'm gonna
assume that's a soundscape could be way
wrong okay wait so does this hold your
phone oh yeah okay my god there's so
much fun I'm having so much fun on a
Saturday night
walls a sad don't we add so funny
something that does just not seem this
oh oh oh oh I think my phone is too
heavy straight this way okay that works
little otter oh my god that's like that
really unflattering you little sheeny do
that until you take the perfect selfie
okay so this is the button because you
can prop this up like anywhere actually
just like a huge six plus just better
angle that way oh hey okay um you know
if it is like on now I gotta get on okay
ready and organelles anticlimactic
I think I'm just an idiot and okay hold
for eight seconds one two three four
five six work I like what this far I
feel like I should work I don't I think
that something wrong my Bluetooth
setting I don't think it's called Sun
scape you just connect it to someone
else's thing okay um
no blush away oh gosh
okay
mm-hmm I'm gonna just try this okay I'm
an idiot a heli Shannon has on the beach
Anna
okay oh my gosh oh my gosh it worked it
worked it worked oh my gosh oh my gosh
it worked
oh my gosh I'm dying I can't lose
actually work okay gosh I do not look
sexy this may be like the least sexiest
Instagram ever that's so funny I look so
growth have me just get my Shannon Rose
on boobies out there this is so funny
I'm gonna like it plus the sign home
looks like gross right now oh my gosh
I'm obsessed I loved us so much
oh my gosh I love it okay I'm like going
crazy this is the coolest thing ever or
a betweenness out though I don't better
today not music I so try not Bluetooth
thing off oh my gosh that is so cool
guys I look crazy and so any of these
like oh come what what that's cool
though right
I'm obsessed okay let me turns out - the
battery doesn't die Bluetooth turn off
butches that is so so cool I'm obsessed
with this little guy okay cool it took
me like a hot minute to figure it out
but that is so cool
I'm so proud of myself for figuring that
out that's so cool Shannon thank you so
very much why subscribe to her and took
her out I mean don't you know how to
subscribe to her if you like or
subscribe to her she's awesome I love
her
um this is such a cool little well gift
but you're so so freaking nice and we
were gonna eat and a vegan restaurant
when she lived in LA so girl when you
come back to LA I weren't a vegan oh I
might come up north and visit you guys
although I feel like I'm not very
athletic okay
like I feel like I just been a week with
Shannon because I feel like after you
really healthy after a week because I
just ate what they ate I don't know they
don't show it they eat that off and also
go out to eat okay we all go do that
um obsessed oh that's a braking obsess
with this little guy I'm gonna post an
Instagram now but girl thank you so much
like you're so crazy like thank you and
Travis I love you not in that way um but
they're just hot they're just so cute
just love them to pieces and thank you
guys and um yeah anyways I'm gonna
probably like curl up action gonna add
it gonna add it somebody else I think
it oh my god that was so so sweet so
okay yeah I'll check in with you soon
I'm so excited I'm thinking zombies all
night like you're crazy person oh my god
I love it
I'm uh she needs in this chocolate now
else actually I want to try this white
one is gonna be why I opened this one
the milk chocolate one tastes really
good
I don't really like white chocolate so
let's see how this tastes and then um I
let you guys down
sorry literally 20 minutes of me just
like packing peanut that one's a little
different tasting but it's hockey action
this one was good wifey looks good I
feel like if I wasn't eating sweets for
that long you know I've got like this
would taste like the real thing after a
while but mom's alone that one but this
one's really good really like that okay
I'm like bobbing I'll try to go fiscally
onboard as when you have to port with me
okay see ya hey guys so I am editing my
oh my gosh you spilled filled my ass t
that was great with all my cameras and
computers Here I am just so graceful mmm
I'm seeing so tired I've been saying my
life away um see oh when I started she
channels I don't know what I was
thinking just editing editing I love
filming videos it's just like editing
even though I don't really do like a lot
of like it is ice melted like piece it
all together and cut things and then
processing which is currently almost
done so this is a ten minute video and
knowledge five minutes processing left
but it actually is about an hour for 10
minutes so sometimes I have 20 minute
blocks takes two hours to process and
then
all that before I can edit another video
so I've done that three times tonight
and I'm gonna try and get one more vlog
done because even all my treasures left
channel on this channel I do every eight
I do every other day which is kind of
hard for me to keep up with it's like
swimmers don't do enough in one single
day to edit into a full vlog so that is
what I'm doing that when I want to kill
time in between I watch some youtube
check some Twitter all of that fun stuff
so I'm going to try and add it this
video and I am so tired I'm gonna do it
more pull through but I have to go I
have to go on these editing sprees I
can't just like sit down under video
like I get in the groove of it and I'm
okay I'm just that um and it's tiring
but I want to pass out after because it
is 941 I know it's like I'm so lame like
that's why 941 so it's going to take me
like 20 minutes out of this video it's
actually at actual editing for me only
take like will depending on long the
video is but like if there's like if
it's 20 minutes worth of footage takes
me like 20 minutes I don't you know I
mean so um but I will say good night to
you guys here because I feel like as
I've been editing these videos I feel
like I just don't really do I don't say
goodbye enough and them sometimes they
just end up properly which kind of
annoys me so I could I don't know I
don't know I'm really a common saying
you guys are annoyed by at that but you
don't think but it kind of annoys me
when blogs just end I feel like there
should be an ending but oh yeah hey
that's not really serenity but I love
you guys so much and thank you for
watching today was I don't know how
eventful it was today but I feel like
since I just did a bunch of random stuff
I could just compile it into one blog
we'll see tomorrow girls day I'm
actually gonna fill my weekend routine
tomorrow because it's weekend right now
so technically today could have been a
weekend routine but it's more of a lazy
day routine but tomorrow's more a
weekend routine like what I normally do
like go shop and go eat see mom see my
sister so I'm gonna actually record that
tomorrow
oh and tomorrow I love you tomorrow
you're always a day away
that was beautiful that was Annie
that was that was Annie with that here
always when I was younger
hold on point just let me just let me
just get into the zones like really
tired but you know what Sandi I'm nya
still in really tight but when I was
younger I sang like that I know I'm not
like right to her now but for where I
grew up where what I was wrong it was
pretty good but I remember and I feel
better as a child actually if I'm afraid
sing like you're always a day ah way
what's really bad um but I remember I
would be so animated oh gosh I wish I
could find footage of that I remember
the first song the Navy song oh no
together last song won't maybe two but I
would do that for everything I was like
staccato it was like it was actually had
a terrible but I was like together at
last
together forever we're tying not may
never dance ever
I don't be sunshine now to turn my skies
to blue I don't need anything anything
anything I don't eat anything but you
and I would do like hands with not oh my
god I even did he hands us are saying
that maybe song was like maybe far away
or maybe real nearby he may be pouring
her copy she may be straightening his
tie and I would like do it anyways I
just did all Amy I was it is hardest
thing actually I'm not I'm singing it no
I would you too much and the cell come
about tomorrow so you gotta hang on til
tomorrow come one man
a to morrow tomorrow night love ya
tomorrow you're always a day away
guessing Franny I'm good okay that was
weird I got weird wrote my Minister
writing this one does pretend to happen
I love you so much thank you watching I
want to say hi to Rick Moranis and she
likes I'm here my kisses from a little
bit fishy mmm bye guys
