hey guys so talk about day and night
from yesterday I just had this like
revelation complete breakdown that I'm
getting older and I looked in the mirror
and I started crying that I was getting
old they're gonna old start it with a
comment on YouTube so you hate reading
comments I like to read comments like
the first hour cuz they're positive and
then I just like get to into when I
start reading them and like you look old
your face looks so bad and they did like
a before-and-after on my Twitter chill
it was the same username when I was like
oh I'm so old so now I'm going to get PF
Changs I'd love it to drown my sorrows
hey do I look old I mean I know I
started YouTube at 18 of course everyone
ages but I had a complete breakdown and
I was talking my friend about it you
think everyone gets older you yeah you
can't focus so much on your look like
it's inevitable you're just gonna get
older and you're gonna change I can't
control I can't control getting fatter
that's why we're gonna give you a check
so just get your fatter cuz I don't even
care
feeling a lot better now but honestly I
did have like this like braid on you
guys can probably see my eyes like being
like red and like puffy complete mental
breakdown but capturing cells everything
I haven't got cheesecake ah New Year's
resolutions out the window no no just
kidding but like not 27 year old woman
with a midlife crisis walking um feels
like midlife reporter life I guess that
all depends on how long you look doesn't
it um that she Wiggin is to be cool
I almost got a GI kit but I just love I
can rid of him so much so when I become
a multi-millionaire gonna get the G
Wagen um no but I know I just need a
friend talk to you guys real I think one
of my only friends really truthfully I
like three friends I talked to um hey
there Shane one time called Jackson's
it was like that mysterious pool and the
fries were good the food and so much up
at the Sphinx is not the best way a
chance near beam but it's the closest
one to me and I feel like that just
needs to be more PF Changs in the world
that I love this place this is happiness
that you can buy and yet like nobody
here cuz I make here at like 3 o'clock
on a weekday prime time via Chang's I'm
so used to having a red car by the way
got the goods you see the red cars so
we're gonna like a white car now I like
a black top like I'm Rick Kuwait was in
a car oh that's not even my car but it
looks like it was like that's my car but
that's not my car
hey you got the food a little happier I
love those a gloomy out today good huh
gnats and sleep what I think about it is
all you have to do is have the keys in
your purse and when you close to it it
unlocks so cool so it's like safe for
girls you know just be like do you for
your keys so you're even need any keys
and then it has a little start run I'll
show you guys the inside of my car
because I feel like I haven't I haven't
shown you the inside so let's take a
look a look I'm hungry now I get home
for the warm food but yeah this is what
means it looks like 88 miles of German
she's a long time I have a scrubber head
on the car but um I got a breath walkie
but has this cool interior to see no
leather designer leather oh you're the
button I knew there was a reason I'm
showing you uh-oh
feel more like literally just staring at
me whatever who cares
let them stare cuz I got me some
cheesecake and some compote chicken yeah
okay oh just a little red bull I'm not
good with fungal why um I was gonna make
a little strong right and he goes my
back got in there and I had some
champagne with a friend earlier too so
um mushroom you know is actually really
good but I just put my cheesecake in the
fridge though sometimes I do get really
full when I don't want to eat that she's
key right away but it's always good luck
the next day I can't thank all that
cheesy I don't cover yes people want to
know how green is my drink of choice and
I want to watch some slippery apprentice
I eat not chicken I'm so excited you
guys watch Larry Prentice what are your
what are your thoughts on it um I am
just trying to watch them catching up
actually um but I would love heals your
thought there got some white rice and I
get the kung pao chicken always you
always ask me like what's your favorite
thing a PF Changs and it's definitely
punk pop chicken extra extra spicy to
eat this and I get double white rice
because I eat a lot of white rice so I
said well just white rice and then asked
for chili paste if you want to roast
bassy and that's gonna code so I'm gonna
yeah just veg tonight blog I'm sure was
very either excited for y'all I'm always
checking later yeah I mean jello by
myself as per usual
