okay good morning everybody it is going
to be kind of an uneventful day because
I'm going to be working in my second
bedroom which is a mess and I'm even too
embarrassed to even show before and my
lips are chapping which happens for the
first couple days after I get my lips
done but right now is a filming this
size the big thing is to our Abraham's
like lips being bashed I think it's kind
of scary I'm not going to lie me okay
they don't fit on the lips for a minute
no I love my lips but I'm like I'm about
like what's every excitement's um so
yeah I'm just cleaning up oh look at
this yeah that's always that's what
happens to my lips as I'm cleaning up my
purse and putting us up back in my purse
I'm just really classy like that I kind
of get addicted to a doll where I'm like
we're gonna mess up for real yeah I
gotta turn it on turn this off and keep
going but okay so yeah exactly so
probably the grossest thing I've ever
done I just want to know those like oh
my god those are like boogers coming out
so yeah I'm just putting my stuff from
my what's in my purse yesterday because
I had to like run right after I filmed
it I'm putting it back in my purse
it's in Reverse what's in my purse
that's what I'm doing and my mom for
breakfast or lunch or something think
I'm time sheets over here so see how
that goes and it's my hair not doing
anything with it today cuz it was
stressed and teased and puffed up at
everything so got my Taurus and right
always nor II don't think I showed you
guys I think I showed this in Shane's
vlog and I totally forgot to show you
guys and my blog cuz I didn't vlog that
night I don't know I was a long day when
they came over but um I don't Lea show
you this so I'm going to show it to you
because I'm really excited and I feel
like when I didn't - LT hours a lot of
you guys were like oh like Trisha Jenner
like well not a lot of you like
literally two of you I'm not trying to
focus on like the negative but like two
people are like three vule
we're just like oh but like saying
people cuz they're like robot less about
it like oh I don't think she liked she
by just put her name on it like someone
else like no I'm like involved this from
the ground up and I picked my favorite
Lube today so basically yes I do work
with a skate company that formulates it
and stuff like that but they give me
different formulas they gave me
different fragrances and scents and they
tell you oh my god I don't think I like
let it slip it was like my big huge
announcement of my next skincare product
and it is a niche product and I am gonna
go with more mainstream skincare
definitely for the summer but for
Valentine's Day I really was excited to
do this and I don't know I mean it's
like I said it's definitely not a
mainstream product but I personally love
it and I'm so excited and it's something
I would use on the regular you know the
same and it is my new feel like Trish
gets that o as it falls over because
this is just a mock-up but I love it so
much I mean the bag is what you would
get but like all this stuff is like a
mock-up it's gonna be brighter and
better but the bag is like what you
would get and inside the bay if you go
to feel like Trish you get all of this
in one it's like a perfect little
Valentine's Day gift for you or a loved
one and so this is the markup label we
have now it's the berry berry glide
lubricant is something else is like
wheat what this actually has the real
product in it so I'm so excited about
that so it's this little cute guy and
then we have a massage oil and like I
said the labels are gonna be brighter
and all that stuff but and then this is
the berry at luscious body oil massage
oils so there's that and then you're
gonna get a cute little card and again
just a mock up the backs gonna have a
cute little bedtime story on it and then
my fate one of my favorite parts and I
love the whole thing is the cute little
um fluffer body and again this is all
kind of just a mock up but you get this
cute little fluffer in it and the little
like body powder really put it you can
put it over yourself or your partner and
whoop that gets everywhere sorry just
like claw at the camera but it smells so
good he's so yummy and I love it so much
and so pretty so the little sugar comes
in this one
bag and my lips are still Japs sorry and
then you can just like put it in this
bag loosely so all I gotta do is dip
your little your little feather in there
when it's time to go so I really am
excited about this like I said these are
all mock-ups but just want to show you
guys like the process I mean we're
almost like done but I was looking at
these last year different formulas and
different feels different textures
different ingredients so I think we
settled on the strawberries and cream I
love it so guys like strawberry
champagne it's so yummy I just want to
eat it and I just think it's like the
cutest thing ever so I thought I show
you guys that that's what's to come
literally we're like weeks away from
launching this and I have another yeah
so this is kind of like a little bit of
a secret but um but I think it's okay
he'll tell us maybe it's okay I don't
know so yeah I don't know let's just
keep it on the DL for now until it comes
out but yeah only waitresses like people
know a secret though okay so my mom came
picked me up and we went out to lunch
and shaking running on a burrito and I
was like oh my gosh Shane is gonna be so
jelly of all those nachos hey is my
mother my mom my new Ally unemployed
mother I told my dear video I'm so
I totally freaked out when I saw your I
quit my job video I was like um I did so
go watch that but we're gonna try now we
have some tips also an hour even though
I just like this stuff and they love
that that you look I do oh my god so
wierd she's like shame she gets like the
sides and I just like this part yeah
what I'm showing is huge they do get his
way
well this was a good idea my mom see we
always go to read I'm like no I love all
trios my damn side eat it yeah okay
sweet coma I am just saying look at all
this food we are also have like 10
people here but we didn't really eat
much right folks are and I'm full show
but anyways it's a lot of food and I'm
like so cool but now we're gonna go
target did I see the sunlight or guys
say to some years that we're going to
target in the wall well I'm going to
YouTube - yeah we're gonna go ahead
target melt on your heart and we're
gonna get our toesies done I have the
color you have the color you're doing I
don't have our poll but look here this
is mine this is SC fear or desire these
are Tricia's we're going to do this one
my name is by looking at the color peach
from that one no this is your go am Wow
my mom is not how do YouTube that often
wearing a leotard tells me that I don't
know how to feel about this orange but I
guess we'll find out oh let me show them
the necklace like oh sea shells sea
glass see glad I didn't just want fried
my top today where they're from Bardot
Michaels good job wait I got it off
Mikey Turks and Caicos it's got a sea
turtle and I'm cute that was a pretty
really purchase in halong you didn't
throw it away although you put on
machine right on is that a gun hey I
just might hear listen yeah
I don't like a mass but I bought a new
car you're not gonna walk why I'm
driving for a stoplight and I love me
about a new parity yeah she's really
really experienced partner in crime
again always I went to internet industry
of my car but it's yellow new year you
only live once it's pretty much the same
thing but it's a limited edition it's
one of 100 so I am out to help return a
dinner because I got the car so excited
so I'm here with a friend a cat just
real and okay we got steak right there
and so excited because uh well I guess
you guys saw me here Sunday with my
sister but I thought this was a veneer a
while but I did I love it it's so good
I'm so excited to eat
this delay I don't let it get to eat me
want to come and have a grow and I know
it's really good this is my favorite was
mauled by a little Spanish rusty hey
guys I'm just out waiting for my friend
to get out of this light market but you
guys wanted to show you guys my car
without me getting hit no one's out like
really late but it's my car it's white
it's cool it's awesome
we're in Beverly Hills life is good and
yeah I just wanted to say I love you
guys so much and um thank you for being
here on this journey with me life is
good life is wonderful and sometimes you
got to put up with the rain if you want
to see the rainbow I love you guys so
much I want to do my outro just in case
I forget later tonight but today has
been a good day so I wanted to mark this
and document this file love you kisses
and just know that I am so grateful so
thankful and take none of this none of
this for granite granted or granite
granted or greater
all right let me know the gongs well
which one it is I love so much thank you
watching outside weirdest insects I'm
here my kisses my little babies it's
just Oh
