hey guys good morning I figured I would
start the log where I left you guys last
night in my bed um I am of course
feeling better at this morning I feel
like with all anxiety attacks they tend
to go away over you know some raster
some time problem is is they do come
back often with me lately but I've been
think about it I'm gonna film a video I
am very excited on je vais I'm gonna
change us organize my house cuz I'm
gonna be leaving on a little trip very
soon so I've kind of organized my house
we close like what I'm gonna wear once
again scheduling stuff it's like my life
is it's fun but I like all the stuff
that I do for fine like my video shoots
medications and also like that like I've
said before I planned it all which is
like fine but it's a lot it's a lot for
me to plan and coordinate and I'm also
very in that sense I'm a little OCD
about being on time but making sure we
have everything like set and organized I
wish I could be a more go with the flow
kind of person and just be like oh
whatever happens when we get there we'll
see
I'm just not I just want to make the
most of my time and especially when
going on vacation I just wanna make sure
everything goes smoothly
um but I have something other plans Dave
kind of like a fun thing for me to do
and I just I just want to organize and
just work out I'm gonna you know film my
video went to a grocery store cuz I got
another store to film this video well I
could post me but I actually do want to
get out of the house cuz I know I was in
the house all day yesterday so you know
like I said I thing is that on Twitter
maybe I said on here
sometimes when you're like depressed or
you're you feel isolator like that if
you feel like you're isolating to just
get out of the house like even for a
coffee so I'm maybe I might go good
coffee cuz he can finish one inside the
grocery store I just kinda want to look
around the grocery store it's kind of
therapeutic to me sometimes going like
when you have to go or all the time like
I don't think that's very fun but like
so I'm gonna do that today
and then like I said kind of just like
plan I'm either supposed to have a bunch
of videos they have to be editing it's
so funny cuz like YouTube like
everyone's like it is a full-time job
you always have to edit like people who
who try and do you to think oh my god
the editing you know I don't know how
you keep up with it I think that's for
me like me my everyday videos like I
posted you know maybe for a week on my
main channel three to four week on my
main channel and then like you know
maybe one or two here and then my
patreon too and I don't know for me
that's not too overwhelming cuz there's
no like deadlines but because it's a
blog mess and I want to I want to do
this obviously no one's forcing me and
my patreon too like I want to post a
video every day like it's just like okay
shoot edit film edit loot I felt mad and
then like you know it wasn't now that I
don't have tape ins I know this sounds
like so you guys can relate Trish oh my
god like first world problems because I
could write Pippins back excuse me um
because I don't have them clips clips
are not like uncomfortable to me like
for a day but when you like sleeping
them it's like a little uncomfortable so
I'm like I'm just seeing about getting
these out of my head to be honest and
then working out which sounds amazing to
me you know going to the gym I didn't go
yesterday because I had early morning
glam so going to the gym and working out
whether people think it's like silly
that I could only do a thousand calories
and like two out two and a half hours
whatever like even if that's silly to
some people for me again it just kind of
makes me feel good like I did something
that I'm productive that I'm out of the
house that I you know gave my body some
exercise so I know how people like well
you eat all that crap like you're
nothing to lose weight again it's not
really to lose weight like if my body
looks better awesome but it really
doesn't make me feel better just
mentally which is where I'm struggling
at the moment is my mental health more
than anything
plus oh just being a physical health I
have I don't talk about this forever so
many doctors appointments I want to go
to and like just get checked out for
everything at every single doctor
dermatologist regular doctor
gynecologist you don't I mean so I got a
schedule that I figure out days at work
like yesterday when I do those kind of
filming days like where I have someone
help me film which I have three planned
from when I get back from my trip and
then I am one planned next week before
my trip like those honestly takes so
much energy out of me for the day like
I'm pretty much done I was so tired last
night I was so tired I think is what a
lot of things I came from and then I
kind of felt you know I was texting like
a sadist I probably texted a dozen
different guys to like hang out and a
couple responded one one to take me out
you know I mean and then couple words on
it later and then I felt bad that I
didn't respond because I was sleeping
and I just realized like that's all I'm
G to me like you know I want something
easy I want something real it's so weird
when you get older it's like when I was
younger I loved like hooking up with
random people and going on midnight to
see people and or having relationships
with people I knew that didn't care
about me and it's like at this point in
my life I don't want a relationship with
anyone friendship intimate relationship
boyfriend-girlfriend relationship family
relationship if it's not real authentic
feelings and caring about each other
like that's I don't want it it's so
empty and vapid and shallow and that's
and I believe Maile but I think it's a
lot of places because a lot of people
when I tweeted about my anxiousness and
feelings last night like a lot of people
were like you know I feel you like I get
it you know and people shared their
stories and those are people from all
over the country and all over the world
and I know I'm laughing but anyways
we're gonna go to a shore today and
that's gonna be my big outing for the
day oh maybe I'll open some packages I
was thinking about that cuz the next
couple days
vlog was if you like it's gonna be
pouring so I'm gonna maybe do some
unboxings for you guys because I have a
lot of packages to open and if these get
like so boring and you're like treasure
should we don't want to see these like
or wait until you do something exciting
I would totally understand because
that's what how I normally vlog and if
that's the case I honestly would you
that like I want to do vlogmas but like
I don't want to do it if it's boring and
no one cares you know I mean like I
don't know cuz it for me I like to vlog
for me like my
raise but like but I meet memories of me
opening locks and working out you know
what I mean
but you guys let me know all right I'll
see you soon
all right guys this is my house really
mean the house today so I got to get out
now and get the props for my video
everything you guys I just lost my pony
somehow so much I post me a pony tail
scrunchy every time I post me from
Target I look actually I actually look
like I could be a serial killer and on
the queue ironic like sexy girl wearing
graham glasses way and like the actual
I'm gonna come murder you who kinda way
very scary I'm scaring myself I don't
like to look at myself it feels great to
be out of the house already I've been
out of the house for like five minutes
and I feel amazing so get out of the
house if you're feeling anxious or
depressed or isolated
does wonders um yes so we're going to
Wow no one's here the time to come 10:30
on a Saturday morning surprise actually
that would be more crowded on a Saturday
okay so we're at the grocery store this
is what happens we come at the grocery
store early in the morning on your
period and have any anything now in the
ice-cream section
and I'm headed straight towards the been
Jerry which flavour will I guess you'll
have to say to them for the eating show
which what would you guys get tonight oh
I want that just so I can like be
underneath a line they got to the
universe
all baskin-robbins
they reported from to the grocery store
with Michelle getting off with it
they just never know what the haps Oh
about
frosted sugar cookie delight for your
coffee in the morning read about that I
love this shirt I got two pumpkins on it
already today so this is the actor
Anupam smash filming of crazy with
botton these higher stuff I do save a
lot of times you were like what do I got
so much I'm Hannah I honestly feel like
a sermon show where I go from main
channel walking no mere love I'm gonna
like leave the rest here long miss day
three and I'm like okay I'm gonna keep
trying for you guys I love you cuz
you're on my channel now so people want
to see you I'll look March you said you
weren't wearing merged you liar hi
everybody I'm Jason and Church is one of
my favorite people in the world she's
taking me out tonight to go look at
Christmas life and if you go to my
channel I'm taking her out but not a
date because we're not dating so what
yeah don't call it a collab that's right
now when I was divorced but when I first
moved here and it's called the Oakwood
and it's like temporary housing and and
I stayed there once when I was doing a
job here when I first moved here and
it's all little kids and their moms yeah
and then when you leave there's a sign
and it says smile It's Showtime
wait that's my walk away on this is your
vlog so set it up
like it was inappropriate and I was like
boobs you guys never said it was
inappropriate you said that's not that's
not I can't put it on my channel cuz
it's what you say exactly tell me your
words but you said I said inappropriate
he's just too booby that's all she was
she was like this no I love doing that
I told sweet this wouldn't the summer
bunch I told Jason I'm a private
snapchat I told him he should get a
private snapchat and you were like no I
can't do that cuz my kids will see it
I'm like kids don't watch fire but
snapchats like that's like not a thing I
would pay for Jason's private snapchat
so comment below if you would to because
you made a start when you I said I said
this before you're the smartest person
sometimes the smartest person I've ever
seen other times I can't imagine you
have any brakes because what do you I
can't do that the balances I'm gonna get
a Pratt I'm gonna do porn yeah I can't I
would love to see you no one would want
to see it everybody would I bet you're
gonna tell it to eat treat him cuz I bet
you'll get a Sony too because honestly
I'm not kidding you don't know how many
times I like fantasize about you like
just sexually you know what I mean oh my
god tears don't like a hot or is that I
might not even be funny or kidding like
I honestly do and I know people in my
family I feel the same way I know
friends feel the same way I know a ton
of people I feel so your dad is in today
yeah we should get water how do you
wanna get water
this eating business is amazing you eat
with me that'd be such a good eating
Chicago fetish
why yeah yeah the people like to watch
you eat people watch cable in starving
countries you know people girls tell me
that the girls will be like I watch you
so I don't have to eat nasty food I eat
a fork oh oh look at this look at this
she's got someone this is I say I'm sexy
Oh
do it do it please please nice car I
would 100% just bang bang away really
yeah and I was like what do you think
honda Scion yeah I don't know I know I'm
so confused
oh it's moving out I feel like you film
it the worst angle I hate my side I look
so gross move aside I always want to be
filmed like this I look very skinny
because can you look that way so tiny
yeah you mean that like Inglot down then
this is all boobs and nothing out like
no stomach no gut that's the great thing
about being a girl is you just have
really big boobs nothing else matters
it's like oh you can be like a big fat
piece of shit you don't care like you
have nice blue but haven't people seen
you it like your fans have seen you at
all angles right oh yeah I'm literally
no brother at this point well you know I
still like to have you alluded for
myself that I'm skinny people like about
you too
is that you or you're willing to like
why certainly mr. that I find a very
attractive thing about you wait what
you're just what you're just like
willing to like be gross you're just
willing to show at all I think there's I
can't tell you like all my friends oh my
god you can't put that in don't put that
in that makes me look bad
yeah me yeah I know
that's happened I know but you're the
reason I want your box is for you and
you're never in your gloves I don't tell
your friends log section to your face
cuz that's all I want to see I subscribe
to all your friends just for you
like my old face it's so cute I like
this camera a lot usually out one could
this is easier see my arms are not my
strongpoint act like this so much
fucking easier I know don't suck it in
just be yourself
no I'm on a date a non-date no I can't
think a gives me were actually think
that you can say dude I got everything a
date cuz I'm with the boys oh my god to
be this is a good thumbnail for me what
is that what are you doing pointing I
think it's a good shot okay we lead you
to the right here yeah we should maybe
we should pose worth up nearby the
Christmas lights cuz that's the
excitement of it but from I don't know I
have a sectional umm meal ok ticket
right here
oh we're going by your house right
further down is mine yeah
can you still about it that's why you
don't get hooked up cause you look
without your roommates yeah it's not had
roommates and I was like I can see that
yeah unless you literally date spots on
another like yes no you today why but
you don't want to what I don't know you
know that's like the worst excuse you
don't have an excuse you're just like I
don't know I just don't want to nothing
awful you're like really nice that like
I don't know I just don't think I don't
think I could handle like what I don't
think I could handle like a relationship
really just with anybody yes they're
like you know what I mean are like
another youtuber like I think that would
be like what am I really a youtuber like
you I literally am just in my own world
by myself all the time like I'm just not
a youtuber at all it's true I'm not a
gold digger it's true and like we've
hooked up so I'm not like completely
disgusting naked no to you that might be
now I've gained a lot of weight loss
everybody's neck between you
because when I'm with you we eat healthy
last time you like let's go eat some
more healthy and honestly if someone
wants to pick some more healthy like I
would love to eat healthy but everyone I
was like oh sure she's a bunch of food
let's just get a bunch of John cuz we're
hanging out at church tonight it's like
you know I wouldn't be that healthy
friend you know I know I know but you
know what even if we went any healthy
you're gonna have to do an eating show
tomorrow I know this is the longest long
ever season okay so much I love I love
being with a blogger youtuber you're my
only youtube friend now when I blog I
went when I vlog or at least what I
think about it I'm like got like
something good and you're like I know
that there's I know I know this really
good coming like and especially to be
with someone like you who's like always
always saying crazy shit no you're funny
let me say that again I just hear
someone like you who's funny I'm like
you know you're just great so I thought
it's like if I know if I turn it off you
like of course soon as I turn it off
your be like I blew a dead guy wants to
work out I was gonna tell you that story
what does he tell you off camera I have
some another stories to tell you about a
combiner that's a comedian that knows
you and I'm a done with him my story if
I was how you have camera without that
one okay he's a really big comedian and
he was a binary I didn't know and he's
like yeah I know and I told about you
625 feet to the 134 turn right on with
her sister left
no actually no turn right turn right so
sorry Jason see this is the part of the
vlog that I like
you'll be the dead guy blow oh we have a
question for you guys my brother's on my
channel or oh yeah I say blow that about
you or no not about you but just guys a
blowjob in your name and same sentence
yeah it's funny okay um here's what I
here's Washington with all this like
stuff going on and I'm being some fun
serious wait where do we go here take a
left
we are you sure so it says left
this is um this is travel town you can't
go left here oh yeah yeah you can make
an sis 15 miles an hour
you're good that looks so scary that
literally look like I appreciate your
concern well I don't wanna kill us
no one please now what how long are we
out here for okay so at 1.7 miles so
what are we looking North the zoo Drive
wait we're looking for our CJ yeah keep
going straight
there's a shadow town that's travel town
that's where you take your kids when
they're like five years old
can we go can we have a kid so we can
take our there I think it's close
no I know anymore kids I'm gonna happen
never gonna be on girls you're gonna
have to die alone you don't want to date
me like I I wish we could eat button as
like why I mean like that's all I've
ever gotten for a reason not to date me
I don't know I I don't I don't know
dating is all you basically dating is
this way I don't like about guys I don't
wanna date you what are we doing we
fucking go out to eat and have sex
that's called eating like what what else
is it the cold yeah that's really what
it is you yeah you just hit it on the
head it's like I I don't want it I don't
want to be you don't watch dinner with
people
no like I would let you out to dinner
with you but then on a night that I
didn't want to do with you I didn't I
wouldn't want to be beholden to someone
and that's what dating is you're
beholden what behold and behold it is
like you like you
you're you're dating someone so you know
what that you don't want someone to like
commit to and carry out you don't want
that
and it's fine a lot of guys don't I just
I just like I have to go film at night
and so stop sign sorry I don't listen to
any podcast except for you I never know
what to find one on there you don't it's
so that now do you listen to it I was
like noise okay you're gonna go 134 east
up here so this is the LA I wanna go
here but the thing about you
the thing about you is you never plan we
we never planned anything so I can never
look really cute you follow me like last
minute where I know how I care in or
anything like see this is my point
beholden yeah well we were dated right
if we were dating and that would be a
whole thing yeah and you that would be
your grievance take a left out and then
you would say I you never plan anything
so I can never look cute and then all of
a sudden we're in a fight not a fight
because I don't owe you anything but I
just Picard I just make out you like a
girlfriend would you dating oh we need
to go there
sighing we're good we're on it ain't
good we had somebody they'll get hurt
not us what did I hit a turtle in turtle
got hurt not mean he died one time you
hit a turtle yeah you couldn't get out
of the way I guess over another called
me just crack it yeah it died though it
splattered what happened was I recording
I never said on my vlog that
christmas-light was a bust but when I
write Disneyland because why because I
read the thing wrong it Christmas Tree
Lane and alpha Deena
it doesn't start until December oh my
god this is couple goals right here in
the fucking negging where the guy gets
wrong I'm like I should look it up
myself because you didn't know we had a
huge fight it was a bite but now we're
here we made it up because now we're at
Disneyland we're out Jason is always
tired always and he's like let's just be
drivers and then I was like wait what I
was so excited about it
and now here we are with our matching
bottle of water which was very sweet of
you
you love okay so we're gonna gonna try
and get to a park or no you're not into
it yeah it's gonna close it's a
half-hour fun but half a half hour and a
blog is worth it well maybe it might be
actually cheaper because it's late what
are we looking pretty a ride Christmas
lights look how pretty that tree is
we're not even enjoying the Christmas
ah no I don't think so I'd be very sad
to be like me in front of your Christmas
tree
so so exciting this is the coolest thing
we've done anything
Disneyland huh Jase again taking that
Disneyland oh by the way I love love
that everyone is liking the new sexy you
like this is a very sexy you and all
these girls are coming up to you now
you're just trying to sleep no I've
already been there done that I don't
need to do it again you know you look
good you look super slim look at that
model so cute you come on
mmm wait walk towards me ready for chair
at all no you look like a model for
Calvin pi right now oh look at you
grabbing right there it's lights we were
supposed to see this is so magical I
love it so much are you being stupid I'm
so obsessed honestly this is so cool I
love it it's so magical Christmas tree
lane I'll tell you that much cause she's
all decorated this is so cool it's feel
so proud of from midnight
so pretty
you guys come to Disneyland at midnight
there's no wait oh no I'm just kidding
we mean it barely like you're actually
excited to be a pirate Trisha you marry
me pirate sorry everybody else I suppose
you'd be to proposal of the year
I said yes once and no twice Brow's
young and pretty back then so who were
in the first row Jason
No you want me to marry you I'd be
horrible I secretly I don't wanna date
me this is the first time you're not
like we are we under annoy the renovated
office
I don't know how to do it we do anything
I'm not like Africans ready
help me daddy I like your good
you know I really like your attitude
tonight I've like just let's do anything
I love it let's do it
bigger one are you in the next room in
that roof it's bigger
yeah but it gets really dark
we're trying to be everything that with
a dad so I get with my dad water out for
me you want to wrap it for me
alright guys so it's like 1:00 in the
morning
this is sleepy wait you'll be in it I'm
doing an aptitude I'm like a
professional blogger oh wait look
there's a spot
okay we'll sit here and blog for one
second so this is the exact spot one day
when I do get proposed to this is my
dream proposal right here so this is my
dream proposal to be right here so
whoever marries me it could be this guy
one day I feel like you're warming up to
me
no don't you're warming up you're like I
can be myself around you that's not like
you're warming up think you're a
wonderful person and I do feel I can be
myself Ronnie so one day one day when
two you know one day when I when all
your options are out and you have less
really looking guys chasing after you
you can go for me and same with you
because I feel like when you're like 50
you're not gonna get those hot young 20
year olds you pull so you're like okay
I'll take Trish because she's still kind
of young but not so that's funny
you're funny you're a good comedian I'm
not being funny I mean so seriously I
think there
right now it's not you getting proposed
and it's us getting out of here because
we actually walk so far guys I do my own
if you love thank you sponsored on my
phone and I did don't see how money we
walk I walk nine point three miles I
mean that's how you have that body
though yeah and but the thing is is it's
another two miles out of here
yeah we're killing it we're gonna be so
high I feel like we definitely deserve
food after walking you so much and look
my batteries left i this is like perfect
timing at robbery we love you bug we
love you Trish's fans who come up to say
hi to me I have no idea who you are
before Trisha Oh interest no know how to
do that know we get a lot of that I get
a lot of get a lot of really confused
like ten-year-old girls are like shit no
welcome to like this
did you take Trisha he says no we did
one on a date one time and I said I said
I said did you they asked me did you go
on a date with Trisha and I go yes I do
you don't even know no they asked me
sometimes they ask me about dating you
I mean we're at a date right now this is
beating this is beating it's so I don't
get this is dating we're out it's the
kind of thinking that Carla girls do
that doesn't serve well you're dating
we're dating right now other people on
tape and we're together in the proximity
of dating so we're dating that is right
there and we're Sleeping Beauty's castle
it one day dream proposals are right
here maybe dream a guy when all our
options are now both of wages and all
the options right now where are each
other's last resort we're the bottom
when I'm and I have a catheter at up to
my penis well hot I will be there too
what the catheter I'd clean it out just
poop in a tin pan oh I
Christmastime and for many that means
presents each is in time old word but
not for me and not this song this is
about Jesus day happy birthday Jesus
