okay bicyclist really really just
literally in the middle of the road okay
so I am going to I'm gonna go film video
where Jamie Kennedy and oh hello this is
another poop cam sorry boo came number
two uh yeah so I hung out for mile turn
right the merge onto i-10 west toward
Los another I would have to merge soon
but I'm going to film video with my
friend Jamie Kennedy I'm so excited I
have known Jamie for like am i turning
right here one week where I'm going
first so I have known Jamie for like six
years off and on sometimes your friends
sometimes we're not loving I went to as
a birthday oh my god this is like the
worst necklace it's like hitting me at
the worst spot or the best block so yeah
so I'm gonna go film the video with him
you so kind enough to film a video with
me and I was really excited cuz a lot of
these people that I know mainstream
Hollywood people I want to bring them
onto YouTube because I love you too but
I want to incorporate the two so for
each person I get I had Greg I get Jamie
I feel like we're making a step closer
to merging Hollywood and YouTube
together so I'm really stoked about it
and I just tweeted and now I'm gonna
merge okay drive safe drive same I just
hold my jobs letter oh you drive safe -
hey guys favorite part of my night as I
have drawn myself that's relative from
washing my face getting in bed and
talking to you guys I love this so much
let's just cover up that slippery little
mess terribly oh hello in bed with Trish
okay so recap today um dumb ass Trish
for at two charges battery or change the
battery rather so we started filming on
this which had really cool lighting and
really cool angles and they gave it sort
of like this like on-the-fly effect and
then um died and then I used my ringer
camera which is really dark so I looked
at the footage yet but hopefully it gets
really light Julie
as the best person in the whole world if
you ever get a chance to meet Jamie
Kennedy if he goes out on tour or any
sort of comic book conventions he's at
like if you ever get a chance to meet
him he's so freaking cool like I love
him like he is sarcastic and kind of
sometimes like I don't know like what's
really killer but like he's so freaking
nice and so for good sweet I love him to
death and I just had a really good time
with him um and then I went out to eat
um everybody else after that and um with
a friend and we're we're figuring out or
we're thinking we're getting catfished
this is so supper than Jamie this is
like not the same things something
totally different but it's a really long
story but I feel like today I discovered
in my stomach I was like wait cuz I saw
the picture of a person we were talking
to it's a girl we're talking to but I
saw a picture of her and something my
stomach like just saying cuz I think
we're getting catfished and there's a
really whole long story to it but I
don't I mean one and don't really wanna
say it now cuz we don't know for sure
but we're like right on the verge of it
and we literally spent yeah I don't
dinner eight we literally spent
it's like waltz like one o'clock now
after I just got home like took
everything off but I left at like
midnight so we spent like four hours
like trying to catfish the way Nev and
Max do it was really fun
well it's fun but like creepy I came in
like a weird vibe became I thought there
guys people you mean off the internet
just never know they are for they say
they are unless they do YouTube videos
and put links to their specific stuff in
the description box but yeah it was
crazy I'm like oh my god are we getting
catfished it's like an intense catfish -
so if we are can catch fish and if I
told him I told my friend I'm like we're
in I'm going to share this roar and you
do because this is like kind of crazy
anything embarrassed rod he's like don't
huh oh my gosh II still be real see how
it is but it's it's a different sort of
catfish don't you would think it's like
a like a romantic catfish it's like a
it's a different one but we'll see ah
I'm so tired but I got a bad finally I
have like a day like not day off
oh I don't know I mean cuz see any of
them blog ashay I didn't even tell you
guys like I clogged with Ricky and Shane
was over here clapping with Ricky Dillon
like so fun I didn't even collab I
didn't like filming so I don't really
like film everything but literally I've
been back-to-back with you today I
filmed videos for you guys I did a
sexpert dressed and Game of Thrones
Khaleesi where you can see that on my
Instagram like I don't always like vlog
everything and lately I've been really
bad at like with vlogging like a I feel
like sometimes I think she was logging
this and I'm like lazy fat the camera
out I'm gonna do matter I promise but
I've been going going going a little
literally non-stop and um again for me
to go go go from like one thing to the
next like doing like four different
things in a day and like meeting
different people in a day and like
scheduling for different things in a day
is a lot for me I like to usually do
like once a day things just so I know I
have enough time and I'm tired but what
the point of that wasn't really excited
I think tomorrow I get to go see mommy
she came back from Hawaii I'm excited to
see her and catch up so she quit her job
I thought she quit her job on her
YouTube channel and so that's what
YouTube's for I feel like my hairs are
gonna stay up say yeah and I know my
roots are really bad but I'm letting it
grow out so it doesn't get damaged um
I'm gonna go to bed where she really
tired I mean Who am I kidding I'm gonna
go on Instagram for like an hour but I
am really tired so I'm piling on
Instagram like 15 minutes but it's so
much thank you for watching I want to
say there was haven't merged so I'm
going to include this I don't know for
safekeeping I want to say hi to
Miranda's lifetime emergencies I can't I
can do the fish thing yet come and let
the still snip stiff from surgery
yesterday surgery injections hair to
like it was like half as major surgeries
lip injection there's tools now so I
can't it's about as good as it's gonna
go for now but I love you guys so much
actually I prefer it unless they were
conceived my little fishies let's just
pretend mmm
bye guys
