no good tell me okay hey guys so I'm
going to lunch in Newport and I wonder
if she has any classes that I thought
yes I'm a shot being adventurer these
are my Fendi glasses and then we
actually found me on Instagram and for
his name but he was so awesome as I
would never in a million years have
tried these all at our pick these out
but I love them and yes my nose they
still chapped from rubbing and yeah so
we're gonna go get some lunch I'm gonna
maybe get some oil at bees today Oprah
chai iced tea latte and I got packages
in the mail all they're in the trunk
right now but really excited open them
because I didn't think I ordered
anything so I feel like they're
something a lot of time coming I'm
trying to decide if I like bangs or no
bangs I feel like a little wispy bangs
but I feel like that I would need to cut
them he's getting gas so I'm just like
I'm just gonna block cuz know what else
to do no makeup today
hashtag no I look crazy I felt like my
skin was looking good but now it's
looking a little dewy glasses back off
the wrong guy sure who's by including me
and I was like 13 at the time
okay so we just got juices at this snack
juice bar my friend told me about it
he's super healthy and clean and organic
so I got a pink flamingo which they said
was still healthy but tasty and it's so
bright pink and they have a juice
cleanse and I really want to try it they
had a skinny lemonade and it was cayenne
pepper did you see that that's gonna
lemonade
it was cayenne pepper lemonade and maple
syrup I think and you do the cleanse
that's what I want to do that's my goal
when they have cute little carrying
pieces so while they're on Instagram
nectar juice Park hosts the inside
Newport Beach
