okay um I woke up still a little sick so
I'm just gonna make two pieces of toast
with some peanut butter on it which has
been my new favorite obsession in the
morning
I already had bunny on the self nobody I
know with this I have a little earlier
so a little better this stuffed up and
to be honest I'd rather have a fever or
like the stomach flu or something then
be set up by keeping checkup like not
being able to breathe is like the worst
worse so that is what's happening and
it's kind of great though cause like no
food jobs guys like I have severed rolls
in there and that just sounds awful so
gonna take some Tylenol Saphir called
sponsored but not well I've been taking
switching between this advil and then
night-night well and honestly it's like
crazy I need to wash my sheets probably
but I'd like I feel like I need to wash
my sheets after I feel better but then
I'm feeling like just the germs live on
my sheets I don't know maybe because I
was sick before I left and I came back
and I'm sick maybe they're sick germs on
there should have washed him before
maybe a washing maybe today or tomorrow
but kind of drink that water I mean
let's hurry so chat from way knows you
guys all oh how about you why are you so
good when there's a key I'm still the
same I just shower last night but my
body says that was really like really
gross but I'm gonna try you off for a
walk today Claire to Adventures of Trish
will she make it out for a walk who
knows I also bought these cookies I
think I showed you guys yesterday I
bought these cookies for New Year's and
they don't even look good that's like
that's that's good no I'm sick but I
don't you want to finish these off
because those one of my blog by now I
also have cookie butter and even cookie
butter does it sound good I don't know
peanut butter toast me and that's my jam
or not my jam get it not my jam
okay so I'm just gonna have some peanut
butter on my toast I've been liking the
creamy which is so not like me I just
take a little bit of it this time not as
much as last time let's spread that over
I don't know man I rarely crave this but
past couple days it's all I've been
thinking about is not lunchtime so I'm
gonna have some peanut butter on my
toast for lunchtime
yummy yummy scrumptious oh that was kind
of sharp as I think I'm so cool Mabel
yeah I'm gonna cut myself don't don't do
that you want plastic guys let's have
some toast for my big ass water misters
life it 2015 is loud starting okay it's
a whole new day a whole new me I am
feeling better
it's not kind of like I'm like really a
fatale and now because my nose is just
semi dripping so I'm just wiping it here
and there but I just finished filming my
yearly favorites and what I got
Christmas video and I feel so good
because I finally washed my hair I
finally put some makeup on my face
feeling like a thousand times better so
I'm gonna go shopping today with my
sister and that's what I'm drink my you
guys an update and be like I'm not sick
anymore
I'm like well like right I'm like 98%
batter so yeah we're feeling better and
yay for school I was thinking Billy
Madison was like Yahoo for school okay
how's some great day I really met her
and I'm not in my video so easy and
nothing needs to get washed
that's first things first I wash my
sheets this morning maybe most onesies
next so my sister came over and now
we're at Capital girl we just got some
appetizers cuz we're gonna go shopping
and my sister got salad hey Leah Russell
spawns right yes thank you
she said bootiful say my sister is I was
like oh I'm dressing up kind of shakes
and eye makeup and hair done and my
sister shows up like Kim Kardashian open
oh yeah she only could be eating table
though she is not eating being skinny
and so we're gonna go shopping and we're
gonna get some tea at Nordstrom's and
I'm gonna look for a pair of shoes as
mama goin out tonight kind of sort of
not really but like I'm going out mister
and I were just fighting over to my
glasses back there as we always do
everytime over the small we find
sunglasses we both like and my sister
gets mad if I copy her but I love those
big square ones try them on for beginner
oh yeah
yeah those are bougie I love it we're
waiting here on Kiki Bar T what did you
get so excited I to write the book
getting my first bungee I bagged I'm so
excited my sister I got my sister i
matching wallet for her birthday so
gotta get this my petal pinkk once you
have a bank I'm so excited first days
when you do hmm Oh box but not I'm tired
we're like so pooped already ready to go
