ah good morning legend out looking at
our itinerary they always give you these
little odd scenarios when we come back
to your room for the at night for the
next day and some looking because it's a
cruise day so looking to see already
we're gonna go dance me right brother
we're gonna go dance
um and um my dad and his wife are
they're coming too and yeah sons happen
so we're gonna get ready to go to dance
class and I'm writing my sun's out guns
out shirt and I'm just bad too
I actually filmed earlier I filmed um
three two videos for you guys to videos
and um we're tired the occasion is kind
of exhausting it kind of is and I'm not
saying that like that's a joke when
people say this like you kind of stay in
vacation from vacation when you go home
because you just like to get back in the
swing of things and like razzed and get
caught up on like regular sleep schedule
it's like I just honestly feel like go
go go but it's like so much fun I mean
they're not like complaining but I'm
just it's nice to just veg trying to um
Instagram I've been instagramming for
you guys real time so yeah okay
downloading pictures to upload to
Instagram oh I've been just what I've
been doing is cuz I've been doing videos
of our excursion I just in
screenshotting the videos so that way I
have something current for you guys
going on oh you guys are tired okay
anyways this what I'm doing just telling
Joe McAfee and Lynn and practicing safe
Sun and not getting any color on my skin
I do have my Trish sunless tanner over
there it should actually stop - I've
been self-tanning but you can't really
tell him well is a good weirding over my
belly
um paid so much breakfast the breakfast
is so but on the kids it's so much my
favorite meal okay I'll see you soon
yeah three five five six seven ladies
turn slightly four five six seven
left right cross boss we're doing right
and laughs and back cross - got it
forward right inside I'll show its
weight in I cross your objects I'm not
go I look one two three four five six
five one two three four five six seven
eight one two three four ten five big
Foxtrot slow slow quick step right gun
one two three four five six family fat
one
top three yeah yeah all right you look
like oh my god I just did
let's go
future US president and the youngest
state governor for 40 years in the year
of 1978 which future US president became
the youngest state governor for 40 years
oh yeah which I said good job Hodgins
yeah I don't know I mean I think though
like him so we just got out of pub Korea
and we did not win some trivia little
but that's okay it was still fun and now
we are off gender and I'm trying to tell
you guys my clothes like Joseph I mean
they're just amazing tennis our drinks
on that's exactly why I bought it so
yeah every time I go this camera from
the quick is that camera I love and I
love this camera for those of you asked
me and as a candidate Vixia mini some
people hate it but I personally love it
so yeah dinner it is formal dining but
not for the light and I'm really excited
when you booked a cruise food it's
all-inclusive and that's the coolest
part about recruits and then go get food
24 hours free and and there's a diner
ship oh you're like the Titanic or like
the Mayflower
Wow
so it's really like a night in the
ship's empty they lay and really creepy
no one's on the ship I would actually
just come down and get like a drinkers
and thinks I wasn't actually that tired
tonight and I want to just come out a
drink or something and it's like no one
like hi creepy and it's like only 11
it's like not that late so no rise um so
anyways I want you go look for a drink
but everything is pretty much dead and
that's cool a lot of people in the bars
were people I didn't want to associate
it with what that way is too scary like
I had the whole ship for yourself okay I
think this robot up okay now I gotta
make it back to my room hi huh yeah so
fun
wants to be the video it's funny cuz
like everyone on board wants to be in
the video usually you run into people
and like don't feel me here Nike
reporting a little bombs okay guys I'm
gonna go about my village Herod so I
don't know why I record I'd hopefully I
recorded something good today feeling it
enjoy watching Super Tuesday but I love
you guys so much
that's it for the Technicolor Dreamcoat
whoo and I was a navigating I was ahead
Rick Moranis and until next time here my
kisses I'm a little baby that she's hot
cruising hmm
