it's Christmas morning and we are at st.
Thomas this morning st. Thomas is with
the US Virgin Islands that's owned by
hon America
Dario it's really rough my ears are
popped again but because this get my
macchina pajamas on we're gonna go get
breakfast and then we're gonna go to
excursion but yeah he's Santa in same
st. Thomas um so America's minute guys
will see this like a week later from a
Christmas anyways because Christmas
spirit can be all year round
uh I love you guys so much
here we go day four or five I don't know
we're on something who literally got
back from the longest
no not longest toughest excursion I've
ever been which is also the longest it's
like three hours three hours of kayaking
hiking and being in the water and
hopefully my brother got some amazing
footage I'm going to go over and look at
it now see you kind of put a she got and
if you got awesome fitted I'm gonna make
into a video even if you got not like
Great Britain so gonna make into video
because it was really fun and real
exciting and um yeah it's gonna be on my
main channel so we just got back on the
cruise and I bought a tie oh no this is
called but it was really pretty bracelet
my sister and Lonnie David Yurman
bracelet which I will show you guys
later but it's Christmas today so we're
gonna get nice and dressed up for um for
Christmas and yeah I'm excited so going
over a check the footage eat a little
snack and then come get ready you're
playing Santa Baby in here at my
snapping put the pine same thing yeah I
thought I should guys the few
ah
pretty I'm so tired but it's okay
vacation and it's time for me to wash my
hair I guess I should do it yes sure I
have a really good deep conditioning
mask from Sephora and it's like vital
for my hair so I'm really excited to do
finish that it has like that yeah I can
such a fun cruise like I didn't think I
was a cruiser-to-cruiser type ocean it's
canceled
okay so I don't know just happy let me
happen it's been such fun cruise oh my
god I don't want to end we only have one
more particular tomorrow's amuse day and
this was not though this is not the
island owned by Holland America there's
a private island of Bahamas owned by my
America that we're going to on Saturday
and we're doing like jet skis I think so
I don't feel like I got very tan but
that's okay it's a good things I put so
much sunscreen on because I don't want
to get tan that's trying to get like
lock it and like put all my sunscreen on
it like lathered in so yeah so here we
go we are about to take off State Thomas
we're taking off I'm gonna go get ready
so we're at Christmas dinner and my crab
key and no alcohol for me tonight not
yet because I'm getting voted against
but my hair's up but I kinda got when I
do my video for you guys so we try these
cabin crab cakes I feel like this is
just a cruise of food - blatant Merry
Christmas again guys here's to a great -
team all the new have sadef well they
you presentation
wait why was the presentation for
dissing to their
it is walking a big chocolate
yeah they got it from that they turn the
lights on for you like a parade
Karina chocolate cake and see the show
oh yeah again there's Damien do you mind
my walk okay this is my friend Damien my
best friend on the boat because he takes
my pictures everywhere we go hi no you
gotta say hello hello hello
oh---but thank you I love you pick his
charity oh he's room Bryn Jeremy in the
next one together hey new month hi
it's my little entry daily nightly log
sort of thing that I do but the thing
that I'm doing okay there's my two more
days the cruise I'm really sad that's so
much fun I think this might been this
was like the most fun I've had all year
I've done a lot of cool things but
getting to chill and be like a little
kid I like having no worries or cares
for like a week is really fucking cool
and it was really cool to push myself
out of my boundaries and it is just
really cool to do this experience and I
feel so relaxed refreshed and I'm so
excited to get back to my life because I
love my life so much but at the same
time you know I love this this was super
fun you know I just I don't know I like
just being my family and having fun now
just wish you could just have fun your
whole life and just not have any worries
sometimes I I don't want to go there but
anyways that's a whole other thing
um tonight's dinner was good um shout
out to Damien he's one of the
photographers on the cruise that disease
I'm absolutely ridiculous at this point
because I just make him take pictures of
me everywhere and I religion too but
it's like a joke at this point like I'm
actually being serious I could do that I
started as a joke but like now it's like
this ongoing joke I love him he's great
um he's great I love I love everyone out
here I'm all positive and wonderful and
bright and um who else oh Henry they had
a show tonight called tent or a contour
contour II it was like kissing a group
but I guess it's like a singh group that
changes all the time so you and I could
see Henry NFL venner he's so cute now
there's a really great job and
love it was such a great show like the
entertainment kind of was like slacking
they put in all the shows I think maybe
think is it they've been in all the
shows but tonight they like we're just
fucking amazing um took a job on that on
where entertainment I worry about so
Santa baby
a 54 convertible to a blue okay for you
dear santa baby so hurry down the
chimney tonight okay
I love my song thank you guys for
supporting that song so much because if
you're awesome support and getting that
to almost a million views within like
three weeks the video being out like two
weeks actually two weeks of the video
being out blows my mind and because of
that I'm doing another music video I'm
very grateful thankful and so excited to
start that so I have a big more exciting
announcements coming in January that I
can't wait to talk about I has so many
things I've been working on this is
gonna be one Pam in your place but um
thanks guys for being here I feel the
chills these guys are being here oh yes
didn't see but we all gathered in here
and had chocolate chip cookies which is
actually right there there's actually
like relics like I told him to take it
because like I don't want to eat these
um Missy if they did a selfie yeah we
did selfies in our pajamas I don't think
they care yeah I've asked if I can put
it in but we did selfies in our
Christmas jam assume y'all had matching
ones
a TPK so anyways I think I really just
showed you guys my food today that was
my blog looks like I'm like on a stage
or something
come on babe don't paint it snow and all
that jazz mm-hmm um yeah I have a soul
why don't you guys can't see but I have
anxiety of packing like I don't know put
everything in my suitcase but miracle if
I do here's my tired I love you so much
I'm going to say oh thank you for
watching I would say hi to Rick Moranis
it was a long time here because he's mmm
