good morning guys it is kind of early
because we are traveling to in their
school day today so my sister-in-law and
I are gonna go get some pedicures and
manicures because it is Christmas Eve
Kirsti of my brother and our Christmas
present
so we're due sailing today my brother is
a little sick this morning so we didn't
have jock guys actually I should not do
this with my foot this is exactly what
happened I was holding it open my foot
why don't like cut it on the first day
of sailing on a cruise soon so anyways
we're gonna go I'm very bright for Brad
where do we go um I'm just gonna explore
a little bit the island or is it knows
it's an island I don't even know what
geography with my dad today
I'm so glad an excursion I'm really
tired why all the better we don't really
dress up for dinner tonight so that's
good thing tomorrow we are doing formal
again and Friday I want to film from the
videos cuz I'll be at sea again but this
was the best iced tea I've ever had from
margarita go I don't have all the
reveals like this cuz never know where
to go but I wanna on Grand Turk amazing
I think that's probably I should buy go
and that was it so we're gonna go get
nails done and toes done so I'm here
getting my nails done and wagwan Lisa
one on one just they add nutrition nails
boom this one some yard she's on the new
ones that I'm getting nervous not
America boo big up the world
that's in a while Smith Leah says she's
from Kingston IKEA you felt
yes he said gorgeous she loves to drive
like a new YouTube shoes are you gonna
fill me as a yeah okay I love it and
this is her view
she's amazing it's so fun you're
gorgeous
Louise sat and she had blonde hair in
her picture as like oh you should go
back to blonde girl gorgeous how in
America that one you should do YouTube I
feel like she should do YouTube she has
the good personality for it we made it
to Puebla Torre kaha there's where you
go like so beautiful way bigger than
yesterday gonna go exploring actually
the lady that did my nails coming there
was a mama paprika and I'm not super
American than me but I really really
mean some shampoo and some eyelashes
from Sephora so what's Latin Porto Rico
anyway more cotton
oh yeah
somebody now is real excited about the
mom quarter refill
right now I was super excited that they
had a nativity scene in the
baby Jesus did you see the receipt
drink one yes yeah
it's so cool that like a giant one like
that so we're in the mall
my daddy just bought me Christmas
present I'm gonna do a video how long
this but yeah me all these goodies and I
didn't even know he was gonna buy it for
me it was very nice of him
it's got so many fun things to show you
guys so we're gonna get back to the
hotel oh I look so sorry I just got back
in I feel so like American right now cuz
yes I'm in Puerto Rico and I get found
on Instagram but it's not different
country but technically it's like not
part of the US either I mean they say
it's the Commonwealth part of us but
they can't vote so I don't wanna
consider it America plus most people
speak Spanish here so but I feel very
American that I went to Puerto Rico and
I had my mall and get Sephora and
Victoria Secret style i mean i mean i
got pizza there cuz i'm too impressed
with the food on the ship and then we
went to Walgreens and my dad bought me
everything that was like so nice like I
went for anak put up my basket I was
like like I was just filling it up
because I was gonna pay for it obviously
and my dad really hasn't like bought me
stuff like that since has like a little
girl like a lot of stuff like I was like
that this can be really expensive but
it's a good time and I gotta move her so
you're stopping in Walgreens he got me
this cute Aladdin makeup case hot water
band-aids oh and I got this when I try
this tonight this is some day cream I
think that's gonna really help I've
heard of this and I want to get this in
America before or where I'm from but
yeah bunch of cute little stuff I think
I'm gonna do a full like crews haul but
I wanted to get more like shampoo
finisher cuz this is what I have in my
um shower now in there but I ran out um
I got this I got one for me and one for
my sister-in-law well my dad technically
I got a round brush because my sister
when the bar hurts just stuff I needed
oh I got this stuff I'm so excite try
this my hair's been really damaged from
saltwater the final Paris hair condition
mask so yeah just a bunch of random
stuff I got a little palette lefty year
something a quick little hot so I want
to eat this pizza it's so good oh I love
getting the people on the deck but I try
not to get it cuz I feel like look at me
really was gonna be I wasn't getting it
she's so so yummy I love it so much so
I'm gonna eat this pizza and then when
take a nap cause I'm so tired
mmm I'm tomorrow a big day some more
rest my night master night for Christmas
I'm Jersey water so we are here at the
specialty dining I don't have makeup on
or anything because I just woke up like
a little tired because I'm like a
sleep-deprived but I got shrimp cocktail
and so this is my main thing at filet
guys potatoes and those are sites
Christmas Eve blue so your sissies even
though it's plated thank you guys so we
are having Oh
doesn't my face ecology bearing a little
well-baby checkup which it's huge there
but it's really tanky yes
watch the spell that is good yeah okay
no message me in my video okay so this
is Justin he says Merry Christmas I got
you so easy and so excited election
about the cumulative out to me right now
that's really I mean I'm the star of the
show tonight guys 1 a.m. on Christmas
morning and Ruiz got done for mass I'm
so tired to wake up in five hours to eat
breakfast and go on our excursion um I
don't really bring these cameras with me
and my excursions because we don't
really ever know if it's gonna be in the
boat with us refractor leave um I got a
little nervous woman that we still learn
to they'll be damaged so my brother does
bring his GoPro that he wears all times
and I'm recording all those excursions
and those will be on my main channel I
want to put up all three excursions and
I'm doing so the orange tune those will
be up there and I'll link that below but
I love you guys so much um great message
night and mess and then great message at
the show tonight all cultures coming
together all different countries races
religions being as one family Titan was
really special so I love you guys so
much to know that I appreciate you and
love you um not in spite of but because
of all of our differences in opinions
race religion um political beliefs the
day we are all one nation under God and
we should all come together as one but I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching on a trip Radisson plus
America's is my little bit my vision
