hey guys we are writing at trips and
caicos in about an hour
brothers America is getting unambitious
worships
we drink those alright cooler one year
ago before they buy this one drinking
any liquor in beer and wine because you
drank too much
uh maybe are you going to bury my wife
you go wild I wondered is there
pineapple on this yeah that one is guy
and pull your bed fuckin know me
are you rating them Trisha James 1 7
anybody wanting what was this one call
Pete booty me and I don't know what I
was now well I heard on but I didn't
hear that was well that one is my oh I
don't know that one actually was
terrible as a Cosmo drinking and you got
Bing in the background yeah I like that
um that was pretty good this one looks
the best and that one second if you want
the Greek mythology year if you want to
learn from the mix of drinks
oh no it's about you class okay I don't
need them to drink what you okay thank
you
oh my god
I think the best is this one well no
bullshit was it guys this is my hat
flashlight uh yeah what happened did he
ever
he was like one of the lead singers oh
he was yeah
oh I forgot to tell them that by the way
Henry one of the performers on the ship
was like - I know you from somewhere
I was like well no I don't think so I
played Clement no probably I don't know
maybe we know each other huh mo he's
like no I saw you Sunday and I had to
know and I was like mm it was Ellen and
he recited the words everything that I
said I said to Ellen
oh you're so pretty is like looking in
mirror he said that to me is like
nothing and recited the words I said
about the spider I don't even know what
I said I was just like oh my god that
was amazing so shout out to Henry on Han
America and then my dad said that I was
on YouTube I was like you should do
YouTube - well that was quick and Nick
won I can't show him but Nick won and
he's gonna be in the finale I can't show
my brother boy he's he's not can I show
the finale this one begins on stage with
six people for a free cruise and a
mirror ball trophy I'm very jealous
right now I was his partner
and I should have been peg and Henry if
you knew who I was you should have liked
me
dance with the Stars champ maybe I
Saturday gun to be continued we'll find
out hey guys so we're just about to go
to dinner and today was such a whole day
oh my gosh we came back into Dancing
with the Stars after our excursion in
Turks and Caicos my brother it's gonna
be in this hour the finals on Saturday
like so crazy that he got picked it was
like insane and I was his partner and
it's really excited for him um and so my
guys are coming off Mangal oh okay I'm
sorry
in distracted so I was also gonna tell
you guys if you want to see so no I
didn't take this camera with me but I
gotta figure it out I think for next
time because we didn't a lot of stuff
there and I didn't have my camera cause
I didn't know if it's gonna get wet but
it's not gonna get wet because we put it
like in a special like little area sort
of thing so um I think I'm gonna bring
this camera and my phone giant a
pictures too um but if you want to see
the excursion from today I'm gonna post
it on my main channel so these logs are
gonna be like Oliver voice like someone
reaching those another channel um but
the fisheye I'm gonna put on Trish's
life and the ones that are not fishing
I'm gonna put on my main channel just to
like spice it up and then they can come
here you guys come there and I can just
be one big pudgy family so um so we got
the fishy today was really fun um have a
whole new appreciation of why I call you
guys fishies because they were majestic
they were magical they were beautiful
they were glorious they didn't cause
disturbance or disruptiveness or any
negativity it just made me so happy and
I was like so freeing and exhilarating
had so much fun so now that I call you
guys my fishy he's like anyways like it
just adds that much more to it because
I'm always gonna kind of remember like
this kind of time seeing all the
beautiful fishies in real life and it
was really really cool and so I'm like
really proud of my guys fishies now once
I was like winning all I'm thinking is
I'm gonna but it's kind of cool because
I love them so yeah it's like my time
now but hopefully I can get you guys
like an opening shot of the day because
when we arrived in Turks and Caicos it
was really beautiful what I should have
just got it from my balcony but I'm
gonna do better tomorrow we're going to
see him on there wearing is a planning
I'm not because I'm too scared of it so
see how that goes um I just go on the
Allan group for a supporter cuz I think
there is one in Ceylon someone with
four-wheel exciting I know but I need
shampoo just didn't pack enough for this
trip but I guess yeah
windy so we just finished dinner and I'm
at receive bullshit peanut butter time
it's really yummy I got pasta and I got
chicken many snacks right after gets
many up do the dishes that grow really
tired or enter I go to karaoke hey guys
so it's really late right now but I just
got the footage from my first excursion
today ah the power snorkeling and I'm
editing the video right now I just
couldn't wait I said through about an
hour of footage to get a five minute
video um but I just had so much fun
today and I just couldn't wait to edit
and I'm just like I went to my big
brother and my sister I'm all like
you're an Edison I cuz it GU went out in
like a dinner and the cord out well not
went out but you know did stuff and I
was like yeah like I love this stuff you
guys are you understand like when I love
this stuff like vacation when like quote
today but you might understand like my
love for YouTube like I love YouTube so
much I love that I get to share these
adventures with you guys with other
people you don't need me like I would
edit this and have this for my own
personal file if I never even upload
things to YouTube so I'm really just
happy that I can share this with you
guys which makes it all the more
exciting to edit and once I get some
good internet when start uploading these
videos for you guys but I just have so
much fun doing YouTube and I hope you
guys know that a lot of people on
Instagram like choice you should just
take like a break from like social media
sign right you're still kind of popped
from the thing might yours would pop up
right just like take a break and just
actually take a vacation but it's like
the stuffs fun to me like YouTube is
literally like one of my favorite
hobbies in the whole world like I
couldn't imagine not doing it so it's
just really really fun and I love
looking at this footage I think you guys
are like this videos gonna be on my main
channel but it's really awesome and
really happy and I'm really tired so I'm
gonna go to bed but I really wanted to
go through footage because I was I just
want to see how it turned out and stuff
the underwater cam and I think it turned
out really cool so you guys haven't
checked it out go check it out I think
I'm gonna call it Turks and Caicos power
of snorkeling so maybe go check that out
it goes onto a memory channel maybe link
below
pussy I don't love you guys so much and
again sorry I'm like ash my voiceover I
think Y was very soothing cuz I can't
really hear um yeah okay I'm going to
take you with us to Puerto Rico tomorrow
um I don't have an excursion booked
because it's there ziplining and I don't
I can't do that yeah I'm invited a dress
but we'll see what we do I kinda want it
to be a relaxed day it's Christmassy
actually yeah how much to be like a
chill day because I got up really early
and we've been going going going and
it's like really fun but honestly like I
need a vacation after your vacation
because it's like so busy low tide but I
really love it
I'm so happy to be here with my family
right now it's just it's really cool I'm
really glad I get to experience these
things cuz Trish that's five years ago
would have never known power struggling
I just not that adventurous but my
brother and my sister-in-law have really
been pushing me out of my shell and I
really appreciate them for that like
come on trans try it and you know what
I'm so glad I did and I can't wait to on
the other excursions I think we're
circling again in the Bahamas I'm like
this private island thing which I'm
really excited about so I love them and
I have a cruise Hawk because I bought a
bunch of stuff but I think I wanna buy
some more stuff tomorrow but I love you
guys so much thank you for watching I
hope he doesn't return these vlogs in
these videos oh there's my shot oh oh
that's a cool shadow really a t-shirt
Trish fish um I love you guys so much
I'm so happy right now you guys are even
know my life just feels really good
right now I just I don't know I'm just
really happy I love being around my
family I love being able to still
connect the internet without having
being too indulgent in it I don't have
to read all have time to like read
through of your comment which is great
because you know I love talking to you
guys on Twitter I binge on with all the
nice ones but the hate ones I just don't
have time for it's like next next so
it's kind of nice like not be so
indulgent in the internet but still have
it and I can't really watch my videos
because it's not the greatest I can't
least stream videos like to watch each
other youtubers which kind of sucks them
to see a lot of vlogmas but let's do
that like out but I love you guys so
much and thank you guys so much for
watching and I just I've had a really
hey I'm really happy here you know and
I'm really happy that I get to share all
this with you guys and I love you guys
so much
and I want to say I don't wear nice and
slick summer kisses but little baby mmm
