to the medics because I caught my foot
on the door I was just following a video
for you guys and I went to hold the door
open and the door slams so now I think
I'm losing blood and I'm really pale and
we're going down it hurts so bad I'm
like I have to vlog this just day three
on vacation don't look
that's it Oh ash
well I'm really not gonna tell anyone
water filling yeah there's a good thing
though
oh yeah I got my blog down there like oh
okay so we just came back I got a
tetanus shot because of infection
I didn't want on but they gave me one
and then they managed my anything up and
gave me more antibiotics and they close
at noon where's my dad asked them he's
like I so if you get injured afternoon
what happened what happened to the
answer yeah they'd have to go to a
destination somewhere yeah
oh I know I'm like wait that doesn't
make sense you're closing at new and
like what if someone gets hurt at night
when they're dropping you have to know
the front guys oh that's so funny
god I'm such an idiot I am such an idiot
okay so I got my partner shot it was a
big to-do I'm very dramatic but it just
so happen actually my whole family was
like in their rooms but like they were
out doing stuff it just so happened like
when it happened I was like I heard that
I'm like oh my gosh so this is what
happened to Mike that's why I'm in the
open with my quiet and there's Richard
this skin that came off
that's like getting up and putting it in
and I was holding it open my door and it
just oh man all I'm so stupid I am so so
stupid actually I think I took a picture
if you're queasy look away but I think I
drew my phone of it
anyways I have one more part to film on
my video for Maine get ready with me
which but now I'm not like shiny because
it's crying and sweating but since this
is the invocation they said that like it
would be best to avoid water but I think
I'm still gonna go in tomorrow because
um because I got my tetanus shot I think
it's a me okay of it I'll keep an eye
out for the infection plus I got
ointment to rub on it tonight so she's
looking to hide the ants I don't want to
ruin my vacation so okay guys so we just
finished or I just finished filming some
videos for you guys and we thought these
are really cool Titanic shots and my
first time a nightdress when I'm wearing
too formal tonight they're really
beautiful I could not wait for you guys
to see the video and the pictures and
they're all gonna be on my Instagram but
now we are gonna go work out Dancing
with the Stars lift now pizza later you
guys I'm not losing weight on this
cruise because we just be walking
everywhere um so yeah I'm gonna bring
this so I don't bring my sailor on just
in case I get stolen my are now cruising
little wristlet that I got on here
all right means a before this was really
good so I'm getting some really excited
we went to Dancing with the Stars that
see I mean my brother tells it by the
way but we didn't get picked but we're
going back tomorrow because we killed it
yummy meets up to the top of a cruise
all right chef and I am their section
we're above us but we play trivia we did
dancing and now we're gonna go play some
bingo I heart cruising but I got me up
for Christmas stuff here comes the pizza
the ocean on my earrings and this is my
dinner a bowl of butter fly meeting for
dinner tonight
second hoping we can do some video out
there
okay that nice is not in there okay guys
it has been a long day
actually this would be nothing compared
to tomorrow we are going to Turks and
Caicos tomorrow and I'm hoping that you
remain walking right don't really know
the situations I got asked around a
little bit and see what is the deal but
we do have GoPro so definitely
underwater stuff will be happening um
about the weapons hot show you sure yeah
the show as a show comes mark my
lookbook just a little a lot of fun it's
I'm like losing track of days for sure
here I should've brought more at these
say yes to coconut um actually that put
them just like forever ago they were
like a travel pack and I just happen to
have one but um no makeup during the day
tomorrow we're gonna go back to dancing
we didn't dance me the star to see Adam
if I told you guys but fun actually
enough money near my brother got stands
I don't know if have a clip I think I
might have a sister-in-law might have
been recording us but it's really fun I
remember I think I told you this but
I've never really been on like a family
vacation before I mean I don't know
that's like a normal thing not to have a
family like during Christmas and stuff
like all my pants were wash
so I'm a little annoyed when I lived in
California so we'd always just come out
here for like Christmas so I guess I was
like Christmas vacation but my dad
always lived out here something like
move on someone for vacation but um I
like to trap like I'd like to travel I
don't like the idea of traveling like I
think well traveling on a towhead or
Channel but I'm gonna make here and on
it I'm like having a lot of fun and
cruise is really fun because you don't
really have to like move location like
you're kind of stationary and you just
kind of get off the boat and then you
get back on and you're like so I've all
your stuff here and that's what I kinda
like about it kind of feels like a home
like a week and I like we got a home
not trash it but like I have only stuff
everywhere
so that's kind of nice but oh my gosh
looks like really hard mascara to get
all that but it has been an adventure
some day
I can't we think I got hurt this morning
I was like the stupid thing and I'm
still have like a huge couch in my ankle
so no I'm sorry
good thing you can't catch up I know if
you like not sick but I did wake up with
clogged ears this morning and I'm so
scared I'm gonna go with that again when
they have to go snorkeling cuz we're we
have eating up or lay like literally in
like five hours so it's vacation except
I'm getting up early which is totally
okay because it's all fun stuff anyways
oh by the way I don't know if it said it
where we're on but we're on the hon
America New Amsterdam Amsterdam
leadership and it's really nice it's a
little it's like older people but um
it's really nice I like it there's not
as many like kids and like families
which I personally like just you know
Colonel I don't have like kids are
family so I don't like chili and I found
like other people's because it gets
annoying um so it's kind of nice that
way but like really relaxed and like
nothing's like super crowded like bingo
wasn't crowded today dancing wasn't that
crowded it shows her that prod him it's
really nice and of course you have your
dining schedules and stuff so so excited
for more he doesn't like the adventurous
type so this is like a really big deal
for me like being on an excursion
because last I wanted a cruise once with
my dad and his wife and my brother when
I was 17
the cruise ship I saw him like being
haunted by the same ghosts and that cash
trophy I made a reference to Casper on
Twitter no one thought of evermore
Caspar Lee who's Casper ahead like look
them up do not know him oh my god I'm
ancient
Casper bit funny jokes
I look crazy like my hair looks like
anything right now listen Holly brush my
hair like pigtails you're only the
little things I can only see myself
because I said a thing about bar and
screen but it's perfect heme
I enjoy meeting Bob you know I'm gonna
hum like a lot of fun editing this week
reliving it and like watching these back
I don't know it's like fun am i
capturing your moments I'm having fun at
him you know but I don't want miss
anything so I'm not like being crazy
about it but like I'm having a good time
I just want to remember it and like in
my head I like rubber and hopefully you
guys will be able to see something to
make a hole through your eyes think so
anyways no actually no she kind of like
you not the space yeah I like actually
sleep with like long but I feel like
there may be too many oh hell that's
like a little something but um it's a
stingray you guys are so cute is another
right I don't know it's probably calm
but I'm probably just I feel sometimes
like I've never been out of my house but
like you I'm gonna go to sleep cause I'm
like so like so mark you there I'm gonna
sleep with some really tired but I love
you guys so much I'm gonna gossip again
thank you guys for watching I want to
say hi to Rick Moranis insulin every
week he sees three little babies
she's oh hi guys
