okay I'm trying Oh that helps a lot
actually
oh okay so my ear is just slightly
clogged now but I woke up and it was
still really clogged like it was
yesterday
oh my gosh and yeah we're kind of hunted
we're excuse me because I was desperate
hmm which it's my ears haven't clogged
okay it's feeling so much better but it
still feels like a little clogged my
hair's ears has have not clogged since I
was a little girl when I used to fly and
I think is honestly classical I was
flying because it's like a lot of people
are saying it's like if you're stuck
while you're flying like just try to
avoid it because your ears will probably
pop because if you're like sinus
congestion which I had a runny nose
yesterday um but I try like you know
that and I tried
are you doing all that stuff um well
they do have like ear proper things that
you can like put up your nose but I was
just trying to I was putting water in my
ear I don't know I thought that would
help
it didn't really but a lot of you guys
were telling me to hold my nose and blow
through my mouth um honestly it kind of
scared me cuz a lot of people are like
oh my god don't do that I can totally
damage your ears but I was just I was
desperate and it probably can mmm it
feels like it's still like a little tad
bit clogged but it did help for the most
part and since it's only this year
that's clogged I would like hold this
year and I would be like and I gave so
much relief but I kind of did hurt like
you felt like you were not supposed to
be popping it like that but I'm not
gonna cruise on a boat which I don't
want that pressure to be even worse on
my ear so I was just trying to get rid
of it before but I haven't actually
eaten anything since my ears popped I
know like chewing can help it so right
now it doesn't feel that like Longinus
in my head which was really annoying
yesterday and I heard on the plane
yesterday was really painful and I don't
remember right years popping being
painful but it was painful yesterday so
anyways um okay so I'm gonna go and get
dressed and I mean thank God I'm feeling
better like physically just my ear was
annoying and um he's some coffee X I'm
tired and Sunday and I'm gonna go trick
my dad
so bad oh I should Bob that I couldn't
Wow say my prayers this morning and
hopefully this rusted year will pop and
hopefully yeah don't think that'll
happen I don't know if I should take a
shower now when I get on the boat I feel
like boarding a boat it's like boarding
a plane it's not very clean but I don't
know maybe it is mmm we're just gonna
shower our body a jump if I should
shower me yeah the decisions at vacation
day to starting off not so great but
that's okay it's gonna be a good day
okay so the route is not as creepy
during the day as was it night but still
weird vibes I don't like the doors that
connect to rooms I get really weird
vibes with that too I don't know there's
something about this room the view is
nice but tell me about this room and and
then I met him in the East End and
Hilton in Fort Lauderdale Marina and I
don't know it's just I can't really hear
it still that's a little weird to talk
but it just a little creepy we have only
been here at night but I'm not she's
just gonna have to stay like that okay
so I decided to just go casual for the
boat today cuz I feel like it's just
going to be a process and then we'll
take down the boat I can change and have
a shower like a proper won't wash my
hair but there's the view actually a
high openness that's gotta suck
it is money
that's what you see he's pretty nice you
know I don't know what it is I just
never been a florida person I guess my
dad always lived in California because
like when you I like grew up in Illinois
and like when you live in Illinois
everyone comes to Florida vacation it's
just closer than California you could
drive down there but I just never I
never got the the appeal
sorry Floridians but it's just a little
like sticky I don't know it's like
something I don't know how to describe
it sounds like super stuck-up like ah
I'm in warm weather but it's just sticky
okay guys this ear thing it was whatever
you want even fell over um it was
healing better but it's just this like
little little echo and I could hear yeah
echo oh oh uh uh un ah echo wanna be the
name it's so gross right now I did
eyelashes around hair brush and a hair
tie because this one has an elasticity
and that's oh my hair keeps falling not
keep on falling hang oh my god ear thing
is this torture okay I'm gonna try and
like blow my ear out again but um
hopefully I look prettier for you guys
maybe next time you see me probably not
gonna probably blog the boat thing
this is Trish's life would you expect
you want me to be pretty all the time
like the real world girls nah ah that
ain't the real world iPad or iPhone off
silent okay I do not recommend it Hilton
trainer to anyone we just had breakfast
and it was like a safety which one I
hate the face bite at North buffet thing
it was wings six dollars per person they
have
have bacon they didn't have potatoes in
the damn pancakes they have things were
but they weren't stopped look we're
gonna be stacking we stack them it was
like Thor sir was ever I was terrible it
was just like not fun and then there was
bugs on the table and I was gonna film
it good but I didn't but I should have
but it's terrible stuff anyways I'm just
waiting here now for my dad and his wife
get their bags and then we're gonna head
over to the necks
okay so we're getting on the boat we
just chipped in and there it is there's
a lifeboat we are on the same my vote if
we go down that's ready for online quote
number 12
and there's our local boat it's
Christmassy yeah not handful people are
very friendly we've already made friends
in line with some people it's
embarrassing
so the balloon always better view of the
ship very exciting here we go oh yeah
the highlight for my dad this literally
and sans is a looks like we're going on
the 10-minute okay okay we'll see you
later
what are we eight then a navigation we
are navigation he was saying Ellis
earlier did you hear anyone 10 and 80
104 anyone thing 8104
thank you exciting here we go John this
is just like Titanic when they go down
and it's water and she's like hacks
through the thing it's very exciting
gonna reenact it blue looks like the
always great are we gonna karaoke on the
cruise lobito bleep those thinking oh
that's one is really depressing actually
vehicle Oh craft room and won't be the
same if you're not here
honestly I think video do you see my
little Elvis turquoise shoulders did you
know how did I notice that I did when
the boats a-rockin don't come a-knockin
whoo oh I'm gonna go see there's I feel
like this isn't it let me see yours is
it the same no no I feel like was an
experience we should share together oh
yes oh so exciting oh this is nice it's
Martha yeah it's not as small as I
thought it was gonna be
yeah sweeter so I know I got you guys
the deck to guys like we don't need
anything we just need a window I'm like
no you only get around take a shower
some of it yeah let's go see the
profitable oil do you know do you know
about the writers are crawling back to
families rooms what here's a cross back
are we going yeah there's a line that
goes down the middle what I mean there's
a plane that goes down like on my
shoulders we're going across really yeah
Sonia that's good ability
so dolphins that is not you sound like
that all the clothes oh okay so you guys
are the glitch at shaking right now I
was gonna do like a little it's like
this little time I was gonna talk to you
while I got ready but wow that is shaky
I didn't realize how shaken was cuz it
was our first day on the ship and so I
just needed to take a shower really bad
because I hadn't showered since uh well
I showed my body this morning but hadn't
shown my hair's it's like three days ago
so I get really really needed to shower
and so I'm not a hot time because we got
like literally like two minutes before
my um before our dinner reservations
this is a tripping mirror I just got
this mirror from Shepard image oh you
had to get like really close to I don't
think it's raining have a balcony - I
should get in the daylight cuz if you
like you losing
yes okay one second I'm almost done let
me open it holla hi how much we ready
yeah hey who are you guys
I feel like in my wailing no you know
like five minutes no I know I have I am
NOT saying that I'm saying I feel like
I'm not dressed enough this is literally
something I would like for tops of what
I would I think I'll say sure make sure
your room is so much bigger than ours
that what seemed sighs I know we're both
in this store now okay I have a stain on
my shirt
ha ha ha oh my gosh it's so cool my
daughters are you serious which we get
to keep these now or do we have to take
them this is kind of perfect for my
white outfit
I kind of love it Paulina's was open we
come back we're here
I don't know I mean I got up a little
bit
welcome back guys enough we yeah
let's get the ones underneath
when
yeah yeah yeah
this is so cool - I want this I need to
come back we need to come back to get
souvenirs so we just got hats for
Christmas
my dad bought us all hats and now we are
going to go eat at this restaurant but I
don't know if we know where we will ease
up rickie her diamonds I know I need to
get I'm gonna get some Zuri
America's miss to me hey Lisa
yeah from these are almost at 20 huh
yeah we went together a lot but fighting
I was why get the old guy okay well
thanks for yeah I think we're lost
woo there's the theater in there my dad
just said someone does have time flies
my dad just says then you get old and
die like okay very positive
my dad's very positive they went to
Houston and he's like just think about
this this is the last few airport that
Kennedy was at proves killed oh what a
down to Easton oh just kidding I don't
know I think I'll feel what is it called
okay lucky on November 22nd Oh see my
dad knows he makes up for my lack of
intelligence in history really you
remember it yeah it's pretty amazing
I remember September 11th Oh Yi's we're
going back this tour we are literally so
lost
the story is like you won't happen to me
everything's duty-free comes all the
glucose sodium perfect oh my god those
shoes I need a shoe I'm really at 9
o'clock
I got said shoe I want everything in
here yeah so right now we're trying to
find in our bread probably like late for
it um so now we're going back through
the store end of the hallway and here's
the stairs and clears your hammock ask
be exciting very good times but yeah my
brother point out that there were stains
on make sure it's really classy Trish
let's fingers cross or don't get turned
away that's where I'm performing tonight
-
I don't want to see Michael collapse
either
yeah
he crashes
No
yeah well
Oh care for her yeah
gorgeous
so he's got reserved oh my god a mint
chocolate chip ice cream and I'm gonna
send a little brownie bites enough
there's a spotlight on me as I'm going
to bed um I mean talk about YouTube
lighting okay listen it's like I'm not
just okay there we go that was a great
shot might have a chin some notes that
lady beside Li hua thanks cruise-line
late tired I kind of so perhaps sobered
up a little because I kept my computer
and my phone I got unlimited why hi yay
I can't really watch YouTube's
or upload YouTube that's okay cuz I had
up on schedule
and I have someone listed ones that I
can make live that I did purposefully I
didn't know what the internet would be
like but I wouldn't just have
entertainment when I was gone um I had
such a fun fun freaking day on this
cruise from actually not we still got
four so like it was dead even a full day
on the cruise so so I'm super excited we
are um it was like so out of what I was
doing there yeah we are what are we
doing oh I'm going to get up and film
some videos for us tomorrow was there
it's our C day meaning we don't have any
ports we're going to hook me up four
places and I honestly don't even know
the days we're stopping in overstepping
at Puerto Rico Turks and Caicos US
Virgin Islands and there's one more that
I don't know I want to say Bahamas but I
feel like that's not right um but I
guess we'll figure that out when we get
there but um can't super excited I put
some videos on my main channel from this
trip to just cuz it's like really fun
and I doing a lot of excursions like
Stefan normally wouldn't want to or not
want to do but normally wouldn't try but
I'm feeling adventurous um so tomorrow
okay so tomorrow as a CA so we have to
see days where we're just we're not at a
port we're just traveling and those days
um they're gonna probably like layout
and by the pool and stuff and since I
can't be in a Sun and there's like story
to that I know what kind of curious as
to why I'm so anti Sun and tanning and
there is story but it's not really the
time or place to talk about it and I'm
not really in a place just mentally to
talk about it so um but I mean I'm okay
I don't want like worried anybody with
that but um I just I feel like that's
like a whole I mean it could be a whole
boat basically no it's just a story that
I think I'll share but not but not not
anyways I'm having such a great time
and what's great is the internet slow
and so I can like post pictures and
stuff and like it takes like five on or
hours to post future but it was a little
light back wow it's so great it's like
it's really limiting my time on the
internet because you know me like right
now I'd be like just going through like
a million beings like looking for things
and I don't know like this is really
nice like disconnected i'ma talk about
like gossip so I thought I would kind of
over those to be honest these even want
to have at the urge to see what people
might say about a video I'm proud of or
something like no trash you know there's
never gonna be any good praise for you
there so don't even look like just gonna
make you feel bad so why would you want
to make yourself feel bad like that's oh
my god
I seriously thought that was like a bug
in the camera that was so creepy um so I
just like no I'm not gonna do that
um but every time you shine with having
talked about in general just Instagram
and Twitter and just you know I can't
really read those comments as much as I
can
I can't refresh pictures but kind of
just nice because as much as I I mean
Twitter is usually pretty nice but even
Twitter and Instagram they get really
harsh but I'd love posting a Jew I think
it's fun to post I think it's fun to
look at other people's posts and for me
they're like memories for me I don't
know like I feel like if I and I didn't
enjoy looking back at my Instagram like
I don't think I would care to post you
know I don't have founds bad like the
people who do appreciate it I love
posting for you guys and that's why I
like that because people are interested
I know I'm interested in other people's
lives so I think that's the fun part
but sometimes the comments is not the
fun part and we're really rockin if you
can see anything that's been stationary
but we're really rockin but yet I'll
show you guys my deck and stuff cuz oh I
know I don't even think I've finished
with that I want to film some videos for
guys I'm gonna do it get ready with me
cruise Edition I'm really excited about
because I really pretty dresses I want
to show you guys and I just have time to
get ready and get pretty and I really
wanted to excited it not get pretty
tonight um and I want to do a favorites
because it's just going to be the end of
the month while I'm here on the cruise
and um I can't prove all I have right
now I feel like I had all our videos but
that just like never happened
uh but I don't I'm not really like I
love what I do I love YouTube like I
love doing this stuff so I wasn't like
cleaning only doing videos like sedan
videos but I do wanna do get ready with
me I think it'd be fun just to have like
the background of the ocean I think
that'd be so fun
and of course favorite I think would be
cool to have a good maybe the background
the ocean I don't know how the
Lighting's going to work but we'll see
about that and oh my god that'd be awful
like was shaking it I slipped into that
thing I don't know we'll see how this
goes Mayall is a camera there at all
okay guys I want to go to bed and I'm
really excited for tomorrow might get
ready with me and um oh and in the
afternoon we're doing dancing classes
and then we're doing um
bingo and so what else are we today we
have um formal dining night and then
I think a shower so I don't know I
really thought me too but I'm really
tired
it's been a long days but day two
Tricia's vacation so exciting because
I'm enjoying these logs today
now maybe was kind of thoughtful but I
don't really when I love my family so
much so I love you guys so much they
keep watching out if they hide her at
random until next time you're making
these for my little baby mmm
