to the airport super duper early he was
so tired that I was going to wait in
line for like ever and it literally took
me from the ticket gate to go through
security 15 minutes the longest line I
made it in was my Starbucks and that
one's like a 30-minute wait so I got the
caramel real a Frappuccino it's pretty
really good me
announcer that someday quacks I'm not
feeling well traveling one stick of some
more good thing so now I'm just here at
the airport waiting for my light which
is like three hours right
good thing I got my books we left up a
marble and map but yeah I'm off to
Florida and then tomorrow we board our
cruise to the Bahamas so my dad see me
picking me up in Fort Lauderdale and
it's gonna be family vacation never been
on a vacation course is our brush one
and you guys are code okay I'd figure
now for two hours feeling a little
better
my nose is kind of runny I was just
pretty more people I got to page 100
because we're about to board this book
called the three-year lie and it's from
this youtuber named Amber Walter but
this book is no joke is intense
it's a crazy book it's this is the kind
of like in erotic
it's fiction but like based on her life
which kind of makes it makes me a little
uncomfortable because mommy if this was
fiction I'd be kind of like into it but
I don't know it is a weird book it's a
good book you're not gonna like my can't
like recommend it and it's like she's at
11 years old like having like sexual
relation to the senator at the kind of
cringe worthy but it's like you know
it's fiction I guess like loosely based
in her real life and her going through
like abused as a child from the car
stepmom it's like it's a cruelly
intoxicant very uncomfortable read but
it's I don't know I watch her video so
much that I'm like it's kind of it's
really interesting so I'm almost done
with it because I got to pay a hundred
and there's only
there's only like 100 M
AG pages every board 173 so I have sent
me three more pages to go but it's
really weird it's really crazy but girl
amber I watched her on YouTube
amber Walter and you guys should check
her out um she's she's interesting she's
an interesting person I don't know I
always thought like I can relate to her
but our stories are really different but
the guy kind of similar are like
thoughts are similar I don't know it's
like hard ups little bit I'm reading
this and then I have dr. sleep by
Stephen King in this book and this one
into that compound and it's a really
thick book so as I downloaded some
movies and stuff stuff but really really
tired after reading really kind of an
apology so I'm going to go waited and
see Peppa
the check Instagram and so that's why
you till three hours of the airport and
leave watching
really interesting at the airport and
yes I am kinda like in pyjamas sort of
thing and I had a cuter outfit plan but
I was just not having it this morning
just could not have crowd that book I
just got out of the restroom flight has
been delayed another power of course and
I get here early my flight has literally
was delayed at Howard another hours or
two hours roll I don't want a coffee but
I got away sleep on the plane it's right
earlier Gladstone's
the only options you have in the Virgin
is Gladstone's for finger Starbucks
guess back to the data go
I'm not finished reading that book
probably with time I get on
oh my gosh Papa's our best buy ATM and
an ATM but like my machine if I would
buy something but I pretty much have
everything packed got my knife the
errands
that's when I get to Fort Lauderdale she
just want to get on the boat because
after I get it for all of you to sleep
tonight and then get on the book
tomorrow while traveling for relaxation
oh I need a book bag this never forgets
to heavy believe at humble beg for girls
or just simply not big enough
after 37 Diego these girls look next to
me were left hysterical Tarzan and I
mean they were Japanese and weren't
suiting you listen or that they're
definitely definitely and they were
laughing so yeah
like girl get it together yeah like
spies here
one on the plants been coughing and
hacking
asleep I've been in Fort Lauderdale
since the first time I went on a cruise
military incursion or that 17 would
promise my dad and it's my like why
talking to myself when I'd like to
finish the phone so just as weird
oh yeah that's a foul
I'm in Fort Lauderdale since then since
the Bahamas on 17 and I don't remember
much of that so I won't do much of it
this time I feel like I've already
broken
have masks in here for the plane these
things are so good for the time your
your skin is so hydrated or when you
land feels amazing so if you're not
traveling to the makeup this can wear
them with makeup to tonight really
pretty soon so good on your face in the
plane you look a little crazy but does
that my go to
you're welcome my age and I'll go back
right now but ma'am
let me entirely appropriate how can see
we are with electronics if they have a
gold car Tuesday's right there guilty
other too obsessed with technology okay
guys Peter made before with me so see
you guys soon
my gosh
here's popped like the worst pain you
can imagine but even though I can't hear
anything
we made it to Fort Lauderdale dad's
holding an iPad with my name on it so
like I have fun I'll just show you with
it all right guys yeah iPod real quick
I had showed up yesterday on the iPad
from my dad holding the iPad I can't
hear anything is my ears are popping
good to see you okay so we just checked
into Fort Lauderdale where are you Fort
Lauderdale
what is the hotel hello for a lot of the
Hilton and there's a big cockroach I
don't want to get that close but you
know it's so gross and there's there's
no no dad one over there the other one's
a little dude okay oh they got bugs on
the roof oh I did that bugs
Oh should we go to a different hotel oh
if you like him in the movie vacancy
it's creepy and getting into this area
was really creepy and I can't hear
anything so that's really creepy
I'm all alone and so scared I hate
balcony as I hate balconies like this
seriously guys creepy I don't like it I
kind of wanted my dad to stay with me
but there's stuff you get a view of the
water
close these I guess oh my god is so
weird and it's really like I'm in like a
creepy like or door sort of way to get
here and there's two rooms there's one
there and then they said there was bugs
in the bathroom they're like oh my god
any big bucks cause bedbugs stay with
you I'm gonna go in the bathroom like
this is closed
I guess it's not
it's really weird
we open this up bathroom looks big guys
I can't hear anything so sorry for
making really really soft okay hmm
so
so far there doesn't like there's any
let's roll let's rock it back there
oh yeah crews okay this is creepy
I don't know guys your bathroom gives me
weird vibes I don't know if I because
I've been traveling we have ear eek but
anyways I'm gonna go to bed and I don't
know what that's happening with my hair
so it's just like not working for me
today
palek pale that I brought feel like
jurors should be nice and tan without
being in the Sun and how the internet
stopped working I heard just don't want
to sleep guys okay well this is day one
of cruise vacation Christmas vacation
boo Trish the vacation Trish miss
vacation um so yeah I'm gonna go to bed
I really have any any really foods is
lunch but to be honest normally the
hungry looks so pale that pasty okay I'm
gonna get some sleep and I'll see you in
the morning thanks guys for watching
fired this wouldn't vary a bit well but
I want to say hi to ran his own flex I'm
here my kisses for a little bit pushy
hmm
hi guys
