you guys happy vlogmas day two I just
woke up like this just super casual you
know it's Friday it's the weekend
you know when I'm blogging there are
pictures of people I can't show my zoom
in um today is vlogmas day to everybody
actually kind of a boring vlog because
I'm doing so many main channel videos
and when I do days like this where I do
a bunch of nah bunch I'm doing three
main channel videos a music video like
kind of like a special like kind of
parody kind of video and then I'm doing
an eating show
so like days like this I'm really
focused on my main channel I'm so 10
right now I got a spray tan yesterday
last night when I left you guys
um Adam Lee Simmons in my hair makeup
and I am dying this is a lot of people
and serum saying it's like the old trash
with the big hair and then makeup I
wanted like this dollhouse is actually
inspired by a Kim Kardashian um the like
her kaonashi him she's like a calendar
shoot like forever ago when I used to
watch the Keeping Up with the
Kardashians I definitely not watch now
she's pretty I think the whole
Kardashians pretty they're just like not
my as explain to Adam like today I was
like I have no issues the crash is I
think they're pretty obviously they're
super successful and people like them
they're just not my cup of tea and maybe
it's a little bit of a hipster me being
like well everyone likes um so I don't
but I think it's even that just they're
just so different from me that it's like
I related to Anna Nicole the train wreck
of the world you know what I mean
they're too pretty and classy and
well-to-do I can't relate yeah so she
did this calendar where she had a there
was a bunch of her photos with your
inspiration from but it was kind of like
a 60s vibe like this one I really liked
her makeup so we just you know drew
inspiration from her hair I don't know I
thought it was kind of kind of pretty I
just always thought she was so gorgeous
I remember watching this and just
remember thinking like how stunning she
looked in these photos I love big hair I
just think it's it's really pretty so
that's my little Kim K
oh I wonder if they sell I'm gonna get
just stop folks I want to get Kim
Kardashian's fragrance I saw it online
it almost bought it fragrance can you
buy it if you could buy it somewhere I
would go out today dress like this to
get it hmm
it's it only online maybe I really want
to try it I guess I will try to show
them I'm surprised it's not like in um
Macy's or something I guess that's too
too basic for the Kardashians no I don't
wanna sign up k'kaw fragrance you can
see no I've seen a lot of people already
like a review I got a peek at these so
quick like SPR stuff yeah you can only
buy it online I guess so sad where can i
get kim kardashian stuff in stores i
want to go somewhere
cuz I kind of feel like I'm gonna be Kim
Kardashian for the day where would she
go I'm in all I go to - mm-hmm
I don't know I think I want to get
cupcakes too cuz she did this one with
like a cake and her finger and I rather
than it looked really sexy but I don't
wanna mess up my makeup a he like killed
us this is like so retro and I think I
love about him is he's so sweet he's and
he's also like very humble because I
don't know if I can do it I'm I have
faith in you and he like killed everyone
thinks this is a wig by the way we just
put like a hairband to cover my roots
but everyone thinks it's like a
displacement of a wig this is hair
extensions of course Bellamy and then
yep he just really did a good job
I'm just used when you show me the
picture I was really nervous because I
don't know if I could do a cut crease
and he killed it so we're gonna do a
many more styles and many more things
I don't I love you guys bye don't follow
him he's Adam Lee Simmons I take him all
the time he's so amazing and so great
and he travels pretty far he doesn't
live in LA so he travels pretty far for
me and he's so sweet and so wonderful
and I always saw such positive energy
with him so um anyways yeah we're gonna
film music video I'm waiting for Ricky
to get here I have a couple opportunity
to set up and stuff but I'm excited see
I'm alert with what this music begun
filming today I think it's fun thank you
I don't know how it's gonna be perceived
but yeah we're just gonna go with it I
see how goes so yeah I thought I had
Murray cream on this morning update on
app I think it's actually helped I think
it's gone down to put a little more on
if anyone wanted to know the follow-up
from from yesterday's well and then we
were talking about Frappuccino this
morning I really really wanted but you
know I'm doing an eating show today so I
can't I gotta be good what way should we
tell of things should I brush my hair
should we tell them okay I was gonna do
this is my caption but it is it's typos
okay tell them are yours my secret
caption but it's actually your comment
and everybody if you'd ever seen this
one anyone elses Instagram we know typos
started so I feel like we should like
declare it so he used to put so I type
always in my dance video I was like was
Shawn like anyone we're going today and
he'd always put like Bom Bom Bom like
after he's like whoever takes and go by
my mom now he puts a tennis ball and
what and I was like wait why and why did
you say it cuz why well because it means
serving so online is the tennis racket
and in tennis blah so it's like okay I
have a racket too so I can do both I'm
gonna do as my caption so if you guys
see this video on my next Instagram I'm
gonna put a rack and a tennis ball and
you guys put as you say what it that's a
good I have no idea like back ham we're
doing a video what do you think we
almost done it's our last out of the day
wait think about yeah I think he's
actually really good
it's amazing TV thank you serious we
always think together we have no we both
got my k12 video no idea what we're
doing and we just kind of we wing it he
didn't my I hate my life
we wink that one completely and that was
really cool I love you Jesus which we
were like that took like 30 minutes to
do Jesus pop the Jesus way oh yeah
and then this one this is our fourth
music video we've done over like 20 yeah
so yeah so we just kind of come up with
it on the spot like what do you think of
this
yeah like literally and I feel like it
only takes us an hour to film these
videos but we've been over here like
four hours mini pizza and talking and
apparently talking trash cos you're like
oh it's so easy to common people same
I'm really good graphic he does a lot of
cool graphics so check out his channel
check out his Instagram he does dance
videos
it's my type of life is my foes
Jerome I think oh well that's pretty
good
yeah I just I do like behind the scenes
so you feel free to go in front and
sound like that just put a little clip
to do a little sneak pretty I'm doing
vlogmas where you blog every day oh yeah
I'm good mm-hmm I like that look at
eight something I literally had a whole
pizza so far welcome to me Oh any
sponsor huh you gonna have any piece up
here know why it is that alcohol wine I
won't beat up it on my own basically is
all that piece I was eating hmm okay so
just really conforming trade should I
have a computer in the shatterdome you
can't hold me there I mean I guess I
want something just be there doesn't
matter I'll put it out of the shot I
guess the middle Yvette beginning Oh
doesn't matter
my makeup I think for the night I just
uploaded all my videos for day when I
vlog missus this day too but putting a
lot of anxiety right now I know you guys
seem to do the makeup I supposed to go
out tonight I've been at the that's
actually really working and I just
really really like bad anxiety I'm
getting a lot of anxiety lately just
trying to keep my voice low cuz I'm just
really a lot I have a clip in extensions
in it I want to wear them tomorrow so
I'm just trying to figure out the best
way to pull that back to my makeup I'm
just kind of braid the rest of it I'm
gonna brush that braid the rest of it
yeah I text a bunch of people to go out
tonight because I was feeling myself a
little bit earlier and it's really good
productive getting a lot done and then a
couple people in the other one
I was really excited back when it seen
in a while yes I want to go to dinner
and I was down and then all of a sudden
this really crippling bad anxiety kicked
in for a lot of reasons um the biggest
one is I feel like I'm a little
overwhelmed and taking on like I have so
many things I wanted to and there's two
ways I go about it I really just put my
all in and basically just like die over
you know getting everything done and
just being stressed not having time to
do any personal enmity time which you
know I always take personal meet actual
it's not a big deal or I just completely
freak out and just altogether I don't do
anything and I just look a wreck and
like keep myself inside which is also
not good
bottom lashes on today which I really
like but yes he could just come up with
legal bribes extreme um my biggest farm
anxiety comes with a friend of mine and
well anyways long story short I just
like going out just to get a lot and
then a lot of people were hitting me
back and people I came to join a now
after I had them up and then I felt back
so I just I'm having a lively anxiety
like I just feel like I'm not good
enough these days and then also make a
friend of mine like I said really
debating like I knew the friendship and
I know it's probably self sabotaging
myself but I don't know if it is now
part of me thinks this friend is like
embarrassed of me and I can't be at the
age I am 29 still going cries who want
to keep me a secret not even on a
romantic level but even on a friendship
level and especially when he
acknowledges other friends right it's
like okay I get you want to be private
but not other people and not me and our
female friends and out me you don't even
need so I have to end this friendship
and it's breaking my heart so much and
you don't know how to do it do I just
ignore it and let it go do I tell him
and then it's just a lot of stuff I just
I start getting really bad anxiety about
that because I keep sabotaging what
makes me happy in life and it sucks it
sucks to be unhappy no it's not even
unhappy you know what it is I'm lonely
and it sucks to be um it sucks to be
lonely in life
and it's my fault because people do want
to hang out and then I start getting
anxious and I start psyching myself out
and I'm watching a youtubers video on
anxiety the other day and she perfectly
described it you you can't explain
anxiety you can't control it you don't
know why you start feeling the things
you do that's the thing with anxiety it
doesn't it doesn't make sense to anybody
you and yourself so why do I but you
know an incident if you call yourself
out you know some people tell me like
you suck some sabotage yourself you
don't want to be happy then it's like do
I just let people walk all over me you
know because usually embarrassed if just
me and just take it and put up with it
and feel used and you know I don't I
just I just want to be happy and settled
and I'm really scared but I'm never
gonna feel that way I'm like I don't
know what you do you know
socks cuz you know I was feeling really
good today like I said I felt really
productive I've been getting many stuff
done and I have such a fun day and I you
know get you know love doing what I do
even this stuff kicks in late at night
always late at night I just want someone
to be like you know what everything's
gonna be ok like I got you everything to
be ok I'm here for you just being alone
all the time I'm doing everything on my
own worried about my future you guys and
that never has worry to meet and I'm
like you know whatever happens happens
it's not even a financial future thing
that I'm worried about it's like if I
can't be alone forever like it's who did
I see got another relationship with the
lake a year little couple of people
actually I'm just like it's been a year
now since my last relationship and and
that wasn't even like a relationship you
know do you mean like and the one before
that wasn't even a relationship you know
what I mean
it's people either embarrassed of me or
cheating on me not truthful to me and
the embarrassment thing is something
that has been a recurring theme in my
life this year of people being
embarrassed of me I'm so sick of it you
don't like what I put out you know you
can't you know knowing the real me isn't
enough for you and you know remember
isn't enough for you it's like ok well
then
but other people dictate our friendship
our relationships it's not fair
I want something somebody proud of me
who know me as a friend or otherwise you
know but I'm giving up on friendships
and dating I realize just now it's like
I don't I don't want to get to know
someone can put my heart out there put
myself out there to be judged to be
critique to have them know like anything
is this human long with a person but
they won't get past what others see of
me and then therefore they don't want
any to do with me it's not fair it's not
I mean people are know how to do and
speak and act how they want and portray
themselves how they want but I would
never do that I would never judge
someone especially after getting to know
their hurt when they are as a human
being and their soul I would never ever
be embarrassed you know someone or be
friends with someone if you're in my
life I'm proud of you and proud to know
you I just I mean
very
that was good as I'm gonna get for the
night just over people how I just wanna
work and be creative and fulfill myself
that's all I'm gonna do I'll just try
not to worry not stress it's not good
it's unlucky it's afraid
shut off my lights but gosh I'm loverboy
actually my heart is racing
mm-hmm I feel so not good
y'all this way so intense you guys
that's so intense we just literally came
on all of a sudden I was feeling fine he
wanted to go home this is oddly calming
how the thing is is nothing and no one
can fix me and this why you have these
feelings that come out of nowhere this
is like heart my heart feels like it
could stop at any minute
it honestly feels like a broken heart
which is it's really weird to have that
feeling
I'm already breaking in its lonely day
to focus the truth a visit truth of it
all is if I didn't have you guys I don't
know and that's what's really scary
okay I go to sleep I think I'm gonna add
it you guys in the morning so that's my
couple little leave it in the mornings
you know I'm gonna try it out I'm sorry
I'm sorry
what is jr. things idea tax did you talk
to something but I guess you guys are me
somebody wish I just had Jenny what a
friend I just talked
and I don't know if that's gonna happen
cuz the people are embarrassed to be
seen with me or know me or associated
with me the bad people flock towards me
and use me and take advantage of
everything I want to giving it's
selfless with me
okay guys I'm so sorry if I could beat
you told her I was having a really good
day
I'm shell washes by the morning it'll be
fine I'm sure but I love you guys and I
said I really appreciate you guys
because if I have you guys to focus on
right now and you guys to focus on in
the morning and get help okay at it I
gotta film some videos I have a couple
things I want to get done tomorrow but
personal stuff then I have a couple days
so that I can be me days where I can
organize my schedule again my what I
need to get done I figure out what I
really want to do
but I love you guys so much yeah um just
know you're not alone in feeling lonely
but if you're are alone on a Friday and
I had a night and you think well why am
I alone we're gonna be alone forever
you're not alone in feeling that way and
you know a lot of you guys maybe feel so
good the other night I think was on my
you know stream like Trisha I was in
your same position a year ago ten years
ago and then you can say like I found
somebody and I found my happiness my
purpose it you'll find it too and I
think I know my purpose I'm very happy
with what I do and I'm very happy and
proud of what I put out there into the
world
I don't regret it and if someone doesn't
want me because it's something I put on
the internet when they know the real me
then it's their loss you know so anyways
I honestly feel like everybody talking
to a therapist right house we talk to
and I wish I could be hugged by you way
I don't get hugged furious
and I think humans need to be hugged
often feel loved
we told they are loved I just have a
bunch of text unanswered text messages
from guys wanting to hook up and that
which scares me because I used to love
it I used to feel so validated from
doing hookups or people wind up that was
scared of it I think you need to go away
I guess I'll talk to you this morning I
love you guys I'm gonna be okay
sweetheart
