oh my gosh you guys the power has been
out since 2:30 at my house so I'm
literally at lighting all the candles
that I have actually a new light another
one not only all the candles I have and
it's so creepy because and when I was
230 which was too light and my power
went out and so I was meeting my friend
for lunch
the power's out let's just went to lunch
and I took an uber because my car was
like trapped in the electric gates that
we have and so I was like oh man the sex
like whatever but was like go out and
let me just like this my idea
so we'll just go out and whatever I'll
be fine
because these are turn on pretty quick
but it's like the power lines are like
blooded so Oh pumpkin pecan waffles is
literally the best end ever
well like how it's not very potent um
okay that's just dangerous I have it
like at a tilt but and now take pictures
whatever um but what really sucks is cuz
we'll one electricity is out and I've no
idea what to even do myself cuz it's
only like five thirty and I'm like my
cousin's house or just like I'm looking
at mods and I can't see anything to like
get myself together having really bad
eyesight in the dark and um I'm killing
for my glasses which I knew my glasses
to see anything cuz I have a really bad
eyesight but the problem is is when your
better eyesight it's dark
I always just find the glasses questions
me to notice I should even one place you
could just find them but I'm like
totally like tripping like I don't
really know to do I mean I could edit
some videos for me my laptop life is
only gonna last night like our like shut
down one of them l-like processing so
weird so cool so cool the heat on um
where people do just we think about that
I mean I really think about that until
like right now but what have people do
in like like the eighteen hundred's you
don't I mean like no like radio like
you're crazy to think well like our
whole lives are like electronic bass
notes a weird thing to think about
before
BTW before technology but oh no I always
say it sucks because um today is they
gave me seen a baby emo and I was so
excited cuz I was responding all the
comments like when I come out with a big
video like I do viral video I'm seeing a
baby and I have another big video coming
I like to like set my computer I respond
to comments all afternoon
all night it's like it's so much fun to
me because I love reading your Isis
feedback um cuz yeah it's so funny it's
so weird to me it's funny it's just it's
awesome actually that the negative
comments don't bother me because so many
are so sweet and I'm so happy with the
video like I'm so proud of Sanna baby
I'm so happy with most of the comments
and even the bad comments I'm so happy
with the video in my performance and
what we did on it that negative comments
like actually don't bother me yeah I
block them I delete them but it's not
like I think in the past I would have
liked well done and I would have been a
self-conscious I wouldn't have gone out
to eat I would have been like really
like oh my god I shouldn't eat because
people think I look hot like you know to
me like and none of those bother me and
it's an awesome feeling to feel that way
and I think it's just you just get there
where it's just like you just have to
stop reading the really nasty stuff and
they're like the little stuff like that
she's like whatever and I have soft love
on that video that like honestly it's
worth it to like delete and block some
of those bad comments having to see them
because the little love is like really
cool I was like I didn't I really want
to try stuff on but no it's like so
weird it would be really fun like more
than just like me sitting here oh my
gosh the other thing my phone's about to
die a cell phone was a gone 10% battery
on the way back take pictures at the
beach I post one Instagram um actually I
do
oh I'm gonna add it I think me examine
baby I love it I think it's story time
spooky scary better this could be like a
whole like vlog I could tell you guys a
scary story I feel like I should tell
you one I think the scary story
oh my god I think it what I have to tell
you guys am I gonna have a scary story
do I have one
thank God no I think God knows that I'm
like really scared of being scared Zod
Hachem a scary story if the content
stories happen um last night the wind
blowing so hard my door open that was
pretty fucking scary but wait or
actually pull open I was it crazy but at
least we're getting new doors now um I
just don't have any ghost stories I
don't want scary ghost stories do you
guys have any mmm don't tell me I'm on
say let's share them but no oh I feel
sick actually I think I was eating a lot
of junk this morning cuz I did the candy
Holly I show a sheen and she never takes
any of his candy with him so I need to
throw it out like aysia throw it out
when you're late I just didn't last
night you know me I get up and I see the
candy you don't want to eat it all okay
I'm gonna go eat some more I'm just
gonna clean that by like go throw up oh
my god it's probably going to stick all
the head I mean was I thinking about
ghosts and that made me scared okay oh
my god avoid any light Amaro oh my god
cellphones what I joined is new anymore
I've never knit Disney around
Christmastime I'm so excited about that
and um I'm a vicious go to bed early and
it's got this took my sister I'm so
excited though and I just can't hide it
oh yeah see ya baby this this time how
does spirit okay
I'm spreading me holiday love from me to
you oh my god guys oh my gosh I think I
think that's a good sign oh my gosh and
there's some flashing in there and so
weird I want to eat a bag of smart pop
pop form and things are turning on I
thought really really excited and I got
really excited sure you guys oh my gosh
this is gonna work
oh my gosh praise Jesus little baits are
on yes yes that was amazing that was
amazing
I'm so excited and so excited holy cow
I'm so excited because honestly I
thought oh my god it's gonna be a long
night it wasn't good it literally turned
on like five minutes at first I thought
like any really just opened up my bag of
popcorn right there it's a little blue
it come on huh okay I'm gonna respond to
may seen a baby comment so
