so I am about ready to go have lunch
with Shane at the really only place we
go which is El Torito I love it so much
nachos so yummy but before I go I wanted
to show you guys my new wool okay so
this is my new wallet it is so flippin
gorgeous okay so there's this new trend
like called chain on a wallet oh by the
way shirt chubby girls are awesome but
if you watch my main channel video which
I just filmed today and uploaded today
I'm like so good like that
um oh you already saw the shark where is
it going with that excuse me as I'm like
so hungry and I took like so many like
tranquilizers mighdal um because my
cramps I just got my period but anyways
the wall it's so Barbie but what I liked
about this is yes it's a wallet which I
should not okay there's no information
but it's also it's like one of those
like key not a wallet thing so it could
also be a purse pulled on one shape it
becomes a purse at night which i think
is so cool so I'm like gonna be
travelling so really I don't need to
bring an evening bag because my wallet
turns into an evening bag and it's big
enough to like throw like a room key an
or whatever you need when you're
traveling so I just thought that was
like really cooler I wanted to show you
but um yeah I'm going to put lunch
and then we're gonna go film some candy
hauls and um my gosh shyam as I said I
did a video on this too because I filmed
my holiday gift guide today as well and
this is what I got I got him something
else to but I got him three See's candy
basket that I was like super sick so
cute and like adorable and it's like so
him it's so hard like bicep for friends
I have never know what people want you
know but okay yeah that's working so
yeah okay so I'm here with trimmers oh
yeah oh wait a minute why are you monks
called Merry Christmas because one my
blogs are still from November so they're
not today and this one's like open
January so please like way out
that was beautiful she's off my intro
home thanks we were just talking can't
tell much time of course Luke okay we're
just talking about how like Luke and
Ingrid still use their language and
we're allowed to talk about this okay
are you gonna gay I was more talking
about it and Shane was like agree but
like I thought of that
that it's so fucking weird like listen
there was a nice people I don't really
add noble to them yeah like I watched
both their vlogs they both use this
intro and they're singing on but their
exes its rear yeah like they staying on
it together and they both have like new
significant others in their vlog missus
but it's starting in the comments and
runs like oh I miss Ingrid it's like so
much awkward if you like and their
breakup was like that yeah yeah like
nobody talked about it like they're not
like you know dig into a video they're
just like literally just I think cut you
Oh fuckers nice for you yeah um by the
way I better not ask you I just gonna
ask you thoughts on like Annie but
that's not I got I watched it oh no I'm
no I didn't know I didn't you can't talk
about it so why do you think it black
Annie this is general I did not watch
black Annie on pirate I did not watch it
I did not watch it no I had a dream
about okay I was the division was that I
was watching it I like to even dreamt
about watching it okay first of all I I
wanted to hate watch it in my dream
mmm-hmm so I started hate watching it
and I was like oh this is not bad my
issue with it in my dream because I
didn't watch it yeah was Cara Diaz is
the worst actress in the world terrible
yeah I always said I feel and the girl
that played Annie
not good no I oh yeah this is why I
can't roll on Twitter so I was saying
that so I was watching the Macy's Day
Thanksgiving Day Parade and she was
performing and she was on games with the
Stars and she's probably a hard-knock
life with all the little orphan girls
she literally looks like she just does
not even be there yeah she's just like
over it and in my dream
Jamie Foxx brings it bitch he's so good
and he's like yeah eying and then it
cuts to a knee and she has no emotion
really and I'm like what the fuck
and there's a British woman in the movie
in my dream and she was so good from
bridesmaids yeah and the directing was
amazing everything about the movie was
amazing
except for Annie and Cameron is and I
was so angry about I thought in your
shirt that's all I've been talking about
on Twitter and people were saying and I
said Karen Diaz I'm like why would they
catch on his hand again because that's
like a role that Kathy Bates did and
Carol Burnett did and I was like why
would anybody got Melissa McCarthy they
could have literally gone and that's
hard they actually have been really
fucking good yeah no I agree and then I
was saying what everyone's like oh your
place is because it's like it's laughs
yeah yeah I was like no like not at all
she's just terrible like she's just like
not good and like I saw if you had to go
see the movie but um yeah I thought it
was but did you see this SNL skit called
black nanny like they did that they did
like a parody of it and Cameron Diaz was
the ho so she played herself and then
they had like one of the black actors on
SNL play Annie and it was so it was so
funny like and I tweeted it I got called
racism mckesson l did it it was just
really funny
anybody fuck you first of all not
everything is meant to be a political
statement right I said I didn't like the
girl from Annie doesn't mean I said I
hate all black little girls should ask
you guys like I want to get you in my
station shade you hate all black no I
just hate her performance and I mean it
does not look good and I love you Annie
I liked that it was black I thought it
was interesting because it was it made
Jamie Foxx um more interesting in my
dream yeah
character because he came from the
projects and there was all this there
was a lot more to it than there was in
the original ante which I like but then
like she's just sucky just didn't
terrible she didn't care I want to be
there yeah yeah no she looks at
everything I feel like oh she was sick
for those performances I'm like no like
no this shit I got Trevor Moran you
imagine it's a hard I glide queen
it's our neck like cunt better slave
bitch yeah fuck how to plug it actually
would have been amazing
ah that was actually really cool I
really thought I mean mrs. Hannigan yeah
I really thought hopefully I talking
entire really wish I could have been
anemic either like hey in the movie yeah
I don't know that was interested or not
was I have you didn't get there oh I saw
the billboard I don't even get in this
conference there anyways well we're
gonna do a candy huh and should watch
the Trisha oh oh yeah I don't know just
as hi you guys I'm like so fucking
greasy right now um I was hind you guys
I think I'm only two American Idol on
that Lagos saying like Sheehan gave me a
really good idea and it was the podcast
I don't know I don't know why I should
do it no I felt a shit what should be
called I think it should be called what
was it oh you're really funny why not
Joe
what was it not your drama cuz I cuz we
always talk shit when we had on shows
and I was like why don't you just set up
a recording booth while we're eating
nachos with you eat nachos with other
people and you talk drama and call it
nacho drama yeah yeah that's actually
good nacho drama and then there was my I
like me like preach it cut preacher cut
but he's like I don't know am I gonna
I'll be like friendly like these are
friendly as just like yeah Lana yeah
iTunes won't promote that um I don't
know what you guys yeah let me know I
love how you say the question the day
like as a vlog on your channel question
of the day
local hooker might be good still I love
o Qaqortoq a mother how did you know
about that cuz I saw it my dream hey
guys so it's date night with my boom
Killa Bali do it instead kill our
Instagram is a chakram
yes you don't follow him on Instagram
then listen I'm too busy following a
bunch of sad puppies and wait D are you
jealous a trail is that really a thing
happy 12000 trains Chelsea truck so
we're at 26 Beach so great see how it
goes
it was kidding thank you okay so they
came out with our orders there's a
different guy that too then that took
our order okay here you go yours chicken
salad for you
and there's the whistle honestly though
I know what I want okay pictures the sad
for you you fat bitch and we're gonna
get fuckin burger to this new big do
that with my sister too and sister or
the salad and I'll get like the carbs
laughs it's the opposite what if it's
here's the burgers and fries you fat big
and here's a salad you beautiful little
dainty princess Bentley wasn't anyway I
don't know what teint II means but I
just use it's like I like that tape t
like Kane do tasty tasty so okay great
well I'm definitely not getting this so
let's switch this up stop even though
some of the fries we didn't order fries
appetizer as we usually do
I'm not killed today you're not killed
but you're eating callous I can't is it
Hale tastes good
oh he loves the kale he wants the shale
all those on schools trail trails
whipping it's not
