Wow okay I am here with two various
special people they are the Chum squad
there's Sam do you get people as Fargo
decal this is their first were they're
like oh we don't over I'm making nerve
in an uber surrounding uber nasty hey
goober what else what I'd say that's
over key oh yeah that was like a big
piece I bet you hear over yeah so we're
going to Beverly Hills now and we just
did like a challenge but yeah so excited
I guess I got the mover it's awesome
Coolio nothing like this little yeah
they're like we have taxis with their
dirty like on overs clover is awesome so
we got into Cheesecake Factory and this
is the first thing that was the nachos
that big just like so yummy yes let's do
a jalapeno challenge okay how many times
who W LA I love this and a blogging
camera I love it so cute
write it yeah it's so funny
they're like on here in their real life
it's so funny if they're lying exactly
how they are their vlogs in real life
with Charlotte with that we try to play
it cool we're going I know they're
they're just so real I love them we're
just talk about youtubers oh this is bad
lighting for me but this is our first
thing I had to show you exactly okay so
we have this me and Sam were like twins
we got the orange again like just like
banana what is that he cashew chicken
Oishi chicken even finish like any of
the nicely we ain't nothing but it's
funny little good is so good though
okay we're at Road a oh there's the tree
behind me I just told him I never saw us
at Christmastime
there's the one that goes down there did
we show the height on my blogger Dre too
short on yours for show Glee come here
the height difference oh look he'll yeah
she's going to bills I'm five three I
was like that's crazy but you know I can
stand there so tiny and like you really
are rushed so where every day we're just
looking around knowing the origin is
right oh yeah like love it they're
vlogging - they vlog the cheesy queer
deserve but they want it sounds like and
go see their channels
got our first cupcake at the cupcake ATM
I've never been here either there's so
far as Spring Falls
oh man oh this one's really good we
stretching we should get more for your
family's going out of mine it just
smells really really good this wire oh
yeah I don't know I'm not right I know
it's always wonder I used to working
when I first came out here and then feel
like nineteen dollars an hour take the
highest paying one I hear ya place so
we're here
oh okay so much yeah just starting up
cakes yeah the minimum wage here is like
eight nine dollars or something so yeah
we got another one because there's so
much fun as I better do it again nobody
wanted to make up cakes really but my
god let's do it yeah yes so what yeah
that's hung that my work sheet when I
was 18 paid like summer 2004 on Santa
Monica oh oh my gosh I am so tired oh my
gosh I know I know I'm when he's my
sample tire because a people obviously
like I mean it's just a different kind
of tired I don't know I don't know how
to explain people get mad when I say I
don't know why I'm tired sometimes I get
tired okay I'm not me at such a fun day
oh my gosh like Sam and Dalton are like
they're just like such sweet people
they're exactly how they're on their
blogs and I love it and I do have a hair
and have my head looking bald or
something um but they're just like they
are in their vlogs and that's why I love
and it was so much fun and we spent
literally a whole day together the guy
felt like 10:30 and they laughed at like
just now like 7:30 we'll know like yeah
7:30 to 8:30 now so he looked like an
hour ago um a lot editing I'm gonna be
doing but um except to get videos up
tomorrow but um they're just so fuckin
sweet and nice and I just I love them
and wish I got their channels they're
awesome I watched them all the time
they're really great and I was so happy
to get to meet them because they live so
far up in Canada um near Edmonton and um
it's cool that they were down here and
became to see me that was like so cool
they drove like two hours because
they're staying near Palm Springs so
they don't feel really far away and I
was a contrive to you or I can be either
like no they're just the sweetest people
so I have a funnest time with them um
it's a great time and I never really get
to end yesterday's vlog my American Idol
vlog but I'm just gonna end that by
saying like
um it was a great experience and I got
that opportunity through my network
style home sahel does not pay me to say
this but you know I was always really um
really hesitant with networks and I
don't want to pursue best anyway saying
like Oh sign with them just in case you
hate them because it's not for everyone
but I love stylehaul so much they are
great at getting opportunities like that
like that's me
JLo like you don't know me and like damn
really good connections they also just
got acquired by RTL which I actually
have heard I was actually RTL uh-huh in
Germany on this show called explosive I
believe about my tanning I think it's
called explosive or I could be wrong but
it's like a really huge deal because
like they partner with like fremantle
which does American Idol and they do
like all these like shows so it's just
getting a more legit more broader like
base for them and they partner with so
many great brands and they've just like
legit mainstream ones and I think it's
really awesome and while I know you guys
might be like well Trish you don't
really have that many like big brand
deals and I'm not necessarily their
typical like brand friendly one but like
this guy is like an American Idol words
like personality basis I like I do get
those opportunities and they're really
great with that you know what I mean but
it's awesome I mean as far as I have
been with them I mean they're able to
help me when my YouTube channel has a
problem with it or sponsorships or
growing my Qi I mean they really have
helped me and I'm just a really big
advocate for Xiao Han I can only speak
on that behalf because I've never built
another network but they're just amazing
and the reason I bring that up was I
talking to Sam and Dalton about them and
I just really like I'm so that I tell
you guys about that too but anyways I'm
gonna edit its rendering now to have
about two hours left on this one I got
it uh my morning routine cuz I have to
go up Thursday so and tomorrow's gonna
be like crazy so I'm just trying to edit
all this and I'm tired it's 8:30 and
like I'm tired because I you know I
hadn't this full day yesterday was a
full day with American Idol Sunday was a
full full day with my music video shoot
saturday was a full full day with
mycommerce Street so I haven't had a
chance to breathe which I know it's like
normal and people like work everyday and
stuff like that but for me I really
don't I'm not always like on the go like
that you know so I've like just gonna
grow accustomed to like not having to
get up ever
like do something so it's been it's been
a challenge tomorrow's like no exception
and then Thursday is that antenna Shane
which I love but you know I got you the
hair in the makeup because I think we're
filming using a hammer Shane and we
don't um I don't wear hair makeup but we
talk about doing our Christmas candy
haul so I definitely want to look pretty
for you guys um yeah so I don't know
that's that but anyways I want to do a
proper outro because I didn't yesterday
and I thought about my dog bath house so
tired I look so tired and I was already
like cozy and Mikey like space heater
was on I really didn't want to like get
up so I was just like I'm the vlog
tomorrow and I did so anyways like
that's a big accomplishment I love you
guys so much thank you for watching I
want to say hard about Moranis and it's
nice I'm here my kids it's my little bit
better just mmm bye guys
