boo boo my mom was so funny my moms like
here with me today and she's like she's
okay you want some of these I'm like oh
my god my honey doing with the go-go
juice no you know where they could I
give them like surge like I'll hear how
do you some zicam in between shots on so
you want some I was like okay mommy the
girl I events through there yes spotted
my Starbucks not oh I they got your
supply star but these are still good put
them at cookie chocolate bites I'm sure
they're bad for you but they give me a
lot of energy cuz they're like all sugar
it's very hot out there cameras like
somebody I keep sweating the key were
like Power Ranger ish mantra her outfit
very good maybe something to a movie set
oh well guess I do behind the scenes my
mom come shooting behind-the-scenes
guest outside I think I did you film
your video you should do whatever your
youtube when I'm performing something
for like your YouTube push on there that
find that okay alright so we actually
just finished my shoot or database pete
lewis light though my mom didn't lot of
behind-the-scenes of you as my check out
the behind the scenes gonna be on my
main channel but thank you mommy for
helping me today our 11 yeah when I was
like 12
honest well bed long day is gay set upon
my little camera no it's like a camera
like you can see yourself in there long
yeah oh is that where listen yeah so you
can just like you know do that it's not
lime or anything like that but it's like
you know I edit it now I can see myself
and long thing hey thanks so we're done
yay I'm hungry but gotta eat something
