okay guys it is day one of my commercial
set we are here at fat eye studios with
mr. Pinto FN asked on instagram and some
sonship and then over there and some Sun
chips are not eating him anymore is OH
oh yeah no I think I was like oh she
can't be on YouTube but she is on
YouTube now page my videos yes is eating
pot corners and there's our Prince
posture exactly yep but it's day one of
our commercial shoot we are doing a feel
like Trish sunless tanner and this my
mermaid outfit and I can't breathe
because it's very tight but that's what
it looks like please see a waddle I
can't move in this either this is the
mermaid outfit okay so we're just on a
break we're gonna be taking a little
lunch break you are you done six hours
and I have been picked up and scratched
but it's all good so got Chipotle
village and I'll see how only three food
falls vide the channel on your phone
okay I'll do the intro okay so guys
we're on set and this is my prince
charming he's I was telling about
YouTube I mean he has a YouTube channel
so I'm gonna like link it below but this
is my god hi Michael I have a hundred
and twenty three follow through so many
cuz he said he you but I summoned Joey's
ethereal rice milk he was the bad guy
enjoys ethereal and he has his own view
of it and he does like funny videos but
I'm trying to help him cuz he's like I
don't really know like so let's just
show him your video like let's just show
the video because it's under Michael
Foster but like he doesn't have a URL
but also link it I'll be able to okay so
let me see let me go to your videos
maybe how do I go to your video thing
let me see is it where we go AHA uploads
or what to watch or my subscription
just like here how did you show me all
of your videos before this is what
you know I got a new subscriber today by
the way Michael picked me up which is a
good feat unto yourself
you think you have like better time you
have no problem oh you have any cons are
gonna be like that oh it's probably like
could I pick her up for how to use
things before so mean to me they're like
yeah okay well I I'm gonna be the guy
that says right here all right for how
many people are gonna see hundreds it
was easy helped me and it was awesome no
lower back problems good to go to
Chipotle I'm actually I'm gonna be
heavier now and yet although what would
the probably like what maybe 12 ounces
we're gonna be okay
checking on my burritos I just like
chicken and things I'm like okay alright
so I can I cannot believe this isn't
happening usually I come up into uploads
much maybe go to your uploads
okay uploads there's upload oh there you
are okay yeah so this is his channel and
wait is this yours mmm that's well I
just made videos my friend so some of
these are private but I told him from
all public and is this your dog Bruno
hmm okay as you can see it just says
Michael Foster but I'll link it below
but he has this real
there's the ethereal with Joey yes we're
gonna love it because I remember seeing
him ethereal and I was like oh my gosh
this guy's awesome and I can see more of
him on you and you thought it was scary
so scary and now it did you your prince
charming
hmm it's so funny you guys are gonna
love the video but check out his channel
what was the one we saw that was like
really funny he did one at the Americana
but oh yeah I like to call it uh if Kim
Kardashian gave birth to a mall it would
be the America at Glendale and I was
there and we're a couple of Midwestern
comp in a long beach together night you
know you're in trouble so I'm walking
around the americana and they're making
snow and shooting it everywhere and I'm
like if these California people had any
idea that's like in real snow huh yeah
it's so true though it's like it's so
funny cuz people are like loving it but
real snow you're like oh right yeah
Merry Christmas you know well go watch
his channel he does really funny ones
and you did went on like the wild it
looked that way yeah that's is funny he
edits and everything so go go check him
out maybe he'll make more videos if you
go check mark I'm like
this guy oh hey guys so I just got home
and homegirl is exhausted I'm so
exhausted and I do not say that I'm
complaining why I'm so happy to be
exhausted
it's not even 9 o'clock yet and I'm so
tired but so happy and I never really I
think I'm always logging when I'm sad
cuz I really want someone to talk to
when I'm sad I feel like when I'm happy
like everybody was listening someone was
happy and I feel like I really love when
I'm like super happy and super just
excited and full of emotion and
happiness like this is the energy this
is sort of rush I feel and then I tell
you guys about when I perform of anyway
like shape we did my commercial may feel
like Trisha commercial shoot and I'm
gonna scratch it up and red corset it's
gonna be beautiful tomorrow tomorrow
we're doing going right into my Santa
baby music video shoot and we're doing
them back-to-back and that's like really
intense but I want to just get them down
back-to-back one because I have my roots
done and two because they are very time
sensitive well not time sensitive but
you know my self-tanner just came out
and I really want to do my commercial
for that and then of course Deanna baby
it came out and oh my god it's number it
was number 58 and the video hasn't even
been out like you guys were finding it
before I was the it was it was crazy
like you guys are very sweet to me about
seeing a baby and like so nice and I
just like thank you guys so much because
I get this rush when I perform and I get
this recording the recording studio I
get this rush and I'm so happy like when
I got home the record show that night I
was so happy like I love doing that
stuff and today yeah I was exhausting in
a long day but it was so fun I'm so
happy like this is what Midwest Trish
Illinois trash like dreamed of doing and
it's so cool and I'm just like so happy
and I'm so happy to make projects for
you guys and that you appreciate them
because as much as I love these like one
on ones and then what I do on my main
channel which like beauty and favorites
and all that like just Rams have to talk
about like I love that so much but I
love that it can bring good production
like big production values to you guys
and it's so inspiring I got talking
about this with Shane the other day
about his um Taylor Swift blank space
parody I don't know if you guys haven't
seen it but it's so freakin good it's
like a mini movie it he's like I just I
just feel so inspired he can excited
about videos again and that's what's so
awesome and that's how I feel like he
inspires me and everybody even people
that I like dogon you know sometimes I
like doggone Joey but the fact that he's
making short films and like doing what
he loved like you know what a more power
to you and I
really shouldn't and can't I can't dog
someone for doing that for doing what
they love you know it's just it's
awesome it's an awesome feeling and and
at this moment I'm just so happy and I'm
feeling this like euphoric sort of way
that I just feel like love everybody
we're talking about this on set you guys
saw him earlier Michael so sweet Michael
foster so sweet he's Michigan
he's Midwest really great values so
sweet
he's just so positive and I'd love to
being around that he's like you know
what you just think positive things
don't even put negative things out there
don't even let negative people affect
you and it's something like you just
like need to be here like you just have
to have someone like reiterate to you so
I'm reiterating you to you guys now
don't even put out negative thoughts
don't even put out Nega thoughts about
yourself other people just don't even
put that out because when you put out
positivity that things are gonna go well
for you and things are gonna do you're
gonna do whatever you want to do like it
happens it just happens and I don't know
how else to explain it to you guys but
except for like lead by example because
I love this and people my dog oh it's
just dream to be on YouTube kind of like
did I know it was my dream growing up
obviously not cause YouTube wasn't a
thing but this isn't a dream and when I
tell people on set for instance Michael
who's not really like you to brother
told him he should because it's the best
thing that's ever happened to me
I think he's gonna start doing him but I
tell people like YouTube is so such a
good creative outlet it changed my life
it's so amazing and people are always
like genuinely impressed with YouTube I
love great people and positive people in
like Michael today posit the director of
my videos andrew valentine as his name
andrew is not only the most talented guy
he's the most honest he's the nicest guy
when my sister met him for the first
time today she was just like he's nice
he's ridiculously nice but like
ridiculously talented he will get
through we did we did 16 shots today
that's a lot of shots for one day and we
technically started our 11 the crew
called hem was 9 but we totally started
11 we wrapped about 7:30 so he had
through 8 hours 15 shots that's crazy
with lunch and stuff insane he's so fast
and time is money when you make these
things and I just I just know it's gonna
turn out amazing and I know you
I love it and I want to close this
because I feel like I'm just rambling
but look I'm looking at you I'm looking
at you right now I just I love you guys
and I just want to do so much for you
guys and just just give back as much as
I can like you know these big production
things you know definitely cost money
but it's money that like I because one I
have fun doing it and two I just I feel
like you guys deserve awesome quality
stuff for watching this ya YouTube's
free but you're choosing to spend your
time watching this video might be 40
minutes long you're choosing your time
to watch me and all you have to support
me like I did a commercial for my
sunless tanners but like you guys are
just awesome see the Baptistina baby was
number 58 on the holiday a huge charts
and it was above taylor so it's like it
blew my mind because you guys are just
amazing you guys are just amazing and
you see it's the sweetest things and
like I said and I've always had this if
there's you know people can help me fake
ugly role um whatever you want to call
me I don't know there's like a million
things I don't really care but the one
thing I care most about is that you guys
know how much that I like love you and
appreciate you because I know that none
of this is possible without you and I
know that I literally would be nothing
without you guys so and know that know
that you have the power with anybody you
watching the support on YouTube if they
don't appreciate you I mean you can
still support them obviously but you
know know that I like genuinely support
you because I appreciate you and I
support you guys so do whatever you do
what you want and that's why I just I
just you know it sucks cuz I think I got
a little jaded with a couple YouTube
burns and they call that because of
people I would befriend and try and help
grow their channels and just be take an
interest in and help them and then I get
kind of like burned and in the sense
that they start using you and stuff and
it kind of got a little jaded so it's
like I really want to try and help
littler youtubers because you know every
every bit helps nothing I'm the biggest
but every bit helps you know and I want
to like guide them because I've had that
I've never had that before where someone
helped me and I've always I've always
wanted help people but I never really
had someone like reach out the brand
like help me and like give me tips and
secrets and I never had that before
Shane and so I'm so just fucking
grateful like you know that anyone who
spends in a period of time with me and
gets like and I get close to them or
close to you know friendship and all
that stuff family whatever it is they
said seemed like the crazy side to me
because I have a crazy side that I have
to go to therapy for and I never really
record might there be a just art going
back there but I never recorded I go to
therapy or I hope because I feel like
it's such a weird time for me and it's
even more like odd to vlog but you know
if you're going to therapy because it's
like I do need help I have problems I
have some anger problems I have some
emotional problems where I'm very
sensitive very sensitive overtly
sensitive where it's like I'll cry over
a little things or I can snap over a
little things so I'm gonna have issues
that I've always been dealing with and
they're issues that have come out around
any people like I said that I spend time
with them and you know even even Shane
as I've gotten like so emotional like
over stuff and he's someone who's just
like that's when you know the true blue
you know because they're just like like
my best friend Jeff like I don't see all
the time I don't talk to him all the
time but he's seen me at my worst and my
craziest and still loves and accepts me
and so does my family my family knows I
am batshit crazy and I'm very fragile
and very sensitive and they know this
about me and obviously family I mean
they could turn their back on you but I
mean they really can't but when I find
like friends like that just like totally
support regardless of the crazy it's
awesome it's a really awesome thing and
I feel like I'm like just rambling about
whatever but again okay I'm here I'm
closing it up again but you guys to do
the same thing I know I'm a mess on
YouTube sometimes I know it but I kind
of don't care
yeah let's do a cliff I was on bad bird
- um I kind of don't care because I feel
like it shows that we're all human
because when I was younger I was made to
believe that I was crazy for being
overemotional and I love my dad but
that's amazing now but he would not like
it when I cried like he would he would
tell me like he would say stop crying
like he would just
he's like why is she crying and and my
ex my cold shoe was like that he's like
stop crying mm-hmm
and he was like mock me and and like I
said wait I miss my dad the toy
different person now I will say people
can change I will 100% say that because
not that my dad was ever a bad person
he's never like abusive or anything but
I don't think he knew really how to be a
dad like I don't know I think he was
trying the best he could I just feel
like he just couldn't kind of grasp
showing the love to me
and you know that's one thing but my
dad's changed a lot he's very he's to be
very it has a very bad temper and very
anger-management issues just fly off the
handle which is where I think I get that
from because my mom is a very patient
person I have not this batshit crazy I'm
not gonna like lover mom - love you you
know that you know you're also batshit
crazy which is where I get that side
from but my dad has the temper my mom is
patient my dad has a temper so I get
batshit crazy with mom and the temper
from her dad and that just lethal and
you know where the trolling come from
comes from deep thoughts here with my
therapist when I was younger I would
make up stuff all the time for attention
and that's what truly is so when I would
do videos that weren't my real opinions
I just wanted negative attention
I just wanted any attention and you know
what a lot of people think I really want
to touch on here when I like get on here
and I like sob and cry it's it's almost
like a - it's almost like I do crave
attention but I don't know if that's
necessarily a bad thing I think anyone
on YouTube once attention why are we
blowing your lies if we don't want you
guys to watch you don't I mean like I
like it I do like the attention and not
everybody does but I've always been one
to like attention I don't know if that's
is that bad
I never thought is a bad thing some
people just like attention and she know
Wow like if people don't give it well
that's one thing but I'm gonna like it I
like the attention and I like I like the
conversations that people spark when
they watch my videos and the emotions
and I like it you know and I'm just like
just blab in 15 minutes it's probably
good time to end this but I love you
guys so freaking much you guys are my
friends
you guys are my friends like I just
don't have that many yes and you guys
listen and you guys respond and I just I
know that's probably really sad to some
people but to me it isn't
it really isn't I couldn't if hasn't
even watched the movie her he develops
he did he falls in love with his
computer I feel like that sort of do you
feel like any friendships all of you
probably in love with all of you um so I
know Peter Pan live on NBC anyone see
that dude I couldn't finish it I
couldn't finish it but the next morning
I how about the feels I got the feels
was still on my DVR and I watch the end
you know what Trish getting off Twitter
and looking at this without a critical
eye was like dude I can enjoy this I can
get down on some I gotta crow
I've played fabulously just just sang
and I played Tiger Lily on my community
theater so I know I love my was a bit
about of a bitter mess but NBC always
says those crazy theater is amazing I'm
a Broadway junkie this last name is a
promise I'm a I'm a Broadway junkie I
love the theater it doesn't translate to
TV live theater it does doesn't
translate I can't explain it I don't
really know why but there's a certain
magic that gets lost when it goes on TV
okay I'm really gonna go to bed
think I'm my sister but pal Kirino in
that um it's not sired by Paulo you know
I'm just kidding my sister put
Pellegrino in the fridge before we left
because I didn't have any I'm cold
it's really gonna hit the spot I'm gonna
go to bed and now I'm all warmed up but
I gotta get up because I'm gonna shoot
Cielo baby tomorrow and hopefully this
is it thing that situation is gonna work
itself out I love you guys so much thank
you for watching um it's gonna babies
out in iTunes I like that below maybe my
commercials out I'll link that below and
make my music videos out and I like that
blue although I haven't shot
so how could that be yeah but who knows
because you know I bet cutter beam I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching I wanna say hi to R and s I
just want them here because this model
professors
