so just getting ready to film for you
guys I was like I had my hair and my
makeup done and I was like oh my gosh
ready to film some videos and then of
course as soon as I get down just to
start filming my theme like starts and
stops and cents before I think it's just
a bad SD card unless you guys know
something I don't I'm sorry if I'm just
like totally exposing all my breasts to
you guys but yeah it starts and then it
stops like a record Sark a minute and
then subsidize your clothes for like ten
seconds and then it stops in Santa Cruz
for four minutes and then stop seems
like so frustrating especially because
I'm like long-winded and when I'm
talking I'm on a roll sort of thing um
so I think it just SD cards want to
order another one from Amazon but I'm
just like kind of debating on I was able
to film like one video but I feel like
it was really choppy and I kind of want
to film another one but kind of not know
so I'm gonna make some lunch and like
think on it it's really gloomy I think
it kind of looks like it's a maybe sunny
because it's like illuminating me but
it's really gloomy today that's why I
have my lights on and it's only like
noon um but I love it like nice and cozy
so uh I don't know
do I film do I not struggle of a
youtuber but I'll tell you what the
struggle the human being is is eating
always thinking about food why why huh
we need food to survive that sucks but
at the same time I really like food and
so I got me so what are you gonna do
so yeah I'll let you know cliffhanger
exciting day of Trish where well I film
who knows hey guys so I just um finished
dinner with Gigi and a good blog in but
I'll enter pictures of our dinner on
Instagram cause you know we had to pick
it
um but she's coming more down near
Orange County tonight and um it's a
little closer to where I live then where
she normally stays in LA so um it was
kind of nice to catch up and have dinner
we went to Capital Grille and we
compared hair lengths it was really fun
and she likes me a little funky she's
getting the 6 plus tomorrow and I got a
new phone case and so I forgot I didn't
show you guys cuz she commented on it
and I was like oh my god I haven't even
done my youtubers so that's what this
looks like it's just so therapeutic but
yeah I just put that on but alright guys
I got new glasses my new Chanel and I'm
going to drive and be a safe driver
that was a fun night and I would ever I
want to woke you up but I see Gigi in a
while and so much to talk about um you
know it's ok but we're gonna do more
videos together definitely definitely
soon um but I love her so much
oh my gosh um so yeah so that's what
we're doing and that's what I'm doing
and I'm just driving home it is actually
still a is 11 o'clock which is late for
me because I should go to about like
9:00 but okay a cement drive States and
this one going to start to get soon hey
guys so I made it home and I figured I
could just I don't know and this blocks
I feel like there wasn't enough in this
vlog to my gonna pull along guys oh but
I'm not really tired
um but I thought I would just um lay
down and give a proper talking to on the
way home I thought to accidents I saw
one actually spin out of control than
one that was already there has it's been
rainy here in Los Angeles if people
don't want to drive and the drive be
fast and it was really really scary it
like it trips me out cracks has tripped
me up because crack sins are one of
those like life changes in a moment sort
of thing and it just it scares me and
you know I used to text and drive and
even you know vlog on driving is not
good so I don't I don't like to vlog in
the car anymore like I was at a
stoplight and then I was starting as
when I was walking tonight
but even then I just shouldn't do unless
I'm in the passenger seat or just put it
down on my little dashboard or just not
do it at all
because I can wait to obviously vlog
take you home so cuz that stuff like
just it just scares me and it's like
then it's like one of the reasons why I
never texted and drive I don't even like
to look at my music while I'm driving
that's why I got the serious from Mike
our because I don't want to be
distracted by anything it's really
important to be safe drivers um
especially in these winter months no
matter where you live California or if
you get tons of snow it's definitely
important to be um safe driver for you
and for everyone around you because car
accidents can be avoided and that's the
tragedy of it all really isn't it but I
did have the night immunity like bring
you guys all down but did I save because
I care about you and I love you and I
don't want anything to happen to you or
your family or my family cuz I couldn't
I couldn't imagine um okay I myself full
sorry I'm gonna like change in a minute
but yeah oh I want Instagram because I
descends manica shared it I've been
obsessed some Santa currently I don't
know I get in these like weird kicks and
now I'm a sense of Anarchy face um some
one time I was like dog bite hurts like
which I kind of do because I like my
leathers on my long blonde hair but I'm
like so exhausted I just ride in a row I
went out to turn
so not only exhausted I'm like full and
bloat it and I wanted detox for the next
48 hours because I shoot my music video
this weekend so I actually think I'm VIN
jacket at tea talks where I just drink
tea for 48 hours
um I think that's what you're supposed
to do I don't know I got to read the
thing sorry I'm really so distracted by
all these like shiny lights um sorry um
but yeah I was saying did you just want
Eve my true blue friends um
there's YouTube friends there's fake
friends but I've literally known GG now
for I want to say like four years and
that girl just puts me in a good mood
she's fun but the same thing she's just
a really great listener like traits that
I love and a good friend is a great
listener and lately the friends that
I've been finding out lately but the
friends that I've had in my life the
longest are really great listeners and I
think that's an important quality to
have in a best friend and also an
important quality to have in yourself so
I definitely practice my listening
because I like that trait the most in
somebody so she's a great listener and
very insightful she's young but
insightful and I love her to death that
was a good dinner I'm glad we got to
catch up and that yeah I usually am
friends that like waits for other
friends to invite them to do something
so I would see like people are busy I
don't know I had me to get over that but
I'm never one to like text my friends to
hang out because I hate I feel like it's
rejection if they're too busy even
though it's not rejection I take it
personally okay and this I'm flapping
can't wait to get up tomorrow and like
walk I need to like get my walk in
that's okay okay I was I'm getting my
period but not for like another like ten
days so that's not really an excuse is
it I'm gonna stop I'm like tires I'm
going to drop my makeup and I'll stress
ah tomorrow or sometimes whenever I've
Vlad next Susie magining Sean McNulty
Hanover the Opera now normally you think
I would be more embarrassed about my
singing but I'm more embarrassed
blogging in public but either way when
Phantom Don wants more so that's playing
I just can't help but belt it out
um so I'm on my walk because it's
finally not raining in LA yay and it was
freezing my house I thought it's gonna
be really cold so I have my sense of
Anarchy shirt that's dirty from when I
went out with Gigi and I was like oh
it's gonna keep me warm but um it has
keeping me warm but it is warm out so my
nails done they're walking fucking hours
and I look crazy and sweaty but music
video shoot this week hey got my nails
done and my eyebrows waxed and I look
with a tan you all know Don it was a
lovely tan um but yeah going the long
way home to get a little more exercise
feels good now it's nice and cool really
thirsty because I just Starbucks behind
me about Tia should want water actually
but what are you gonna do um oh yeah
this is about
how about they shoot um
but can't hear myself I feel like I suck
me really bad
or maybe something really soft I don't
know they shoot NCIS around here a lot I
always see is this one Ella Cool J what
everyone on - uncle J there I was
shooting and they're always blocking me
from going through my route I copy part
of the crew I know part of the Trish
life I'm walking part of the time I'm
talking about but it's like peaceful in
like calming it's like I'm not you know
I went to the gym I have a gym
membership I just don't love the gym I
just oh I'd rather just go out in nature
and walk and you know what so many times
he was like um walking is our exercise
treshots doing nothing for you and I
would like listen to them and think that
oh my god I might as well just give up
it's not doing anything for me but
honestly when I look like an old videos
when I used to walk every day and I
would walk like seven miles a day I
still don't eat grape and I was walking
I looked so much better and just my face
was a lot more like thinned out and um I
just felt better too and I feel really
good so when people tell you like
walking's doesn't do anything for you it
does it makes you feel look think better
um I think getting moving is always a
good thing no matter how small or
insignificant people think it is um but
yeah I mean it's better than sitting at
home but I do a good walk
um but it's nice and it's calming ha ha
ha I love it so I'm glad I start my walk
with me wishes come walk with me every
day sometimes I get bored I wasn't my
music but yeah I was going to talk to
someone with my dream a day in my
favorite section of my book it's so
beautiful and peaceful and there's the
sunset and there's the moon I love this
so much I love when the moon is back
there and then you can just turn around
and see the sunset it's just like all of
God's creations and beauties and
blessings and like honestly coming out
for walks have an innate this is why - I
think like mentally I've been like a
little off balance is haven't gotten out
and connected with the world you know
that we live in I had so consumed ended
like Internet and social media and I
just really rarely have time to connect
with all the you know beauty and
wonderful things that are in this world
so
that's what I am up to now and just
going to feel more energy more lights
more love but yeah that's really cool
really pretty I thought I would show you
guys that beautiful beautiful sunset
nice for you great was just like keep
back okay
as I was just saying how much I
appreciate everything I do I always see
like this why I see the high school like
track teams and stuff I was a running in
this room today actually like we're
riding like in to me that was crazy
oh my god I'm asleep I sobered I kind of
circled around a sec now drink push-ups
just like so we get one pass on the bed
anyways I usually walk out to the pier
and then I turn back around but I should
punch it right right now before it gets
too dark
really beautiful oh god is good life is
good and when you start feeling tune
your own hat or two into your world
whether it's online or real life just
get out and connect by yourself with the
with nature and just be like this world
it's so freaking beautiful and we're in
complain and stress over the stupidest
things but look at all this that God has
given to us that's all free that's all
wonderful that nobody can catch you or
hurt you this is for world this is like
your world that created it for you and
he put you in it for a reason and you
just I get like overwhelmed sometimes
that there is so much beauty in this
world that's actually quote from
American Beauty I think like a plastic
bag floating there's so much beauty in
this world that you feel like your
hearts going to explode
that's a quote but it's true and I
really feel it the aerials down there
okay I think I'm going to turn around
now because it's getting kind of dark
that's the creepy eye
