and we are f inching up just a little
bit more Christmas shopping um I'm not
doing like too crazy but I'm just doing
the traditional Christmas holiday theme
of red and green and gold and so we just
got a couple things we're going to three
things to get my mom so we got her some
time cones and a little like we're gonna
make it in this little Bowl and make it
like a little ribbon thing I think it's
gonna be cute pinecones okay they smell
so amazing so um we are just oh I got
ever like white color things that I
actually just want to wake up all year
round for Michigan that's what it looks
like right there and I thought actually
I can show you they're just way easier
I just laughs light up things around
Christmastime I wanted these really cool
presents I'll just let me just show you
these really cool presents you get three
presents that later one this one and
this one $35 but I think it's also about
panel I love these it just makes me so
happy
penguins cute my sister has to help me
like a lot in my cargo so god I always
see what gets approved by her but yeah
and these are the pinecones they smell
good and they're cute little gift if you
want to put him like in a bowl thank you
there's some pinecones so yeah alright
well I'm gonna do a full video on my
Christmas decorations 2014 and um if you
wanna see my white Christmas decorations
um pipe link that below I didn't last
year it was really close like a winter
wonderland thing was really really cute
but yeah I'll show you the other thing
anyone I don't know what's good for my
cards are really tiny car I think these
are super few like little mail things
I'm here on Thanksgiving just imagine
she's I have to cut it out with your
hands in there yeah no hands boom the
turkey Cooper Turkey
there it's not going to hurt people
actually cook that in their churches
Turkey's alive people do actually cook
that in there I told the Vista more fine
that's pretty bad I'm looking around
thought there's not what as a mom
there's one in there someone you know
was filming my monthly favorites for
November and I want you go turn on my
little pig and I was thinking I don't
even showed my Trish's life channels I'd
explain key to my main channel about my
Trish's life Channel and I was like I
was telling about how my my journey to
find this little Christmas pig and I
don't think I ever told you as that I
found him I call me Christmas pig and my
tree is set up I know I kinda just like
left you hanging editing the blogs I
never really finished those blogs but
Ricky and I call him bacon and yeah so
babies me and bacon um but yeah I just
finished filming my November favorites
which this is the aftermath of a
favorites video my house is always like
messy but yeah I figure out too
I'm supposed to go see my friend tonight
play a show in Hollywood and I really
want to but then I'm like wait missile
invited it says one of the things that
Ken you should come but then like you
never hear from them again so you're
just like what they just being polite or
dry actually calm was actually invited
yes for sure so I gotta figure all that
out but yeah I think I'm gonna go film a
sexpert and then film and I you know
someone died when you got the lashes out
you're just going hard for you guys hey
guys so I ended up just staying home
tonight obviously and editing videos
because I'm going down to my dad's for
Thanksgiving so Isaac Hammond I know
some videos and get them all I haven't I
have to get him up Friday and Saturday
so anyways I'm just sitting here now
with my ankle tower my power that I got
Michaels and I love it and it makes me
so happy it literally like glows it is
so pretty and then I got my glasses
finally back from my optometry place and
there's so pretty I love them there
should now and they're so gorgeous and I
love them so yeah so a super quiet night
in now so I'm gonna just edit more
videos
yeah to all that but I'm sure that we
wanted this blog because I literally did
nothing today
okay guys wait Oh everything's it um I'm
okay
I literally have finished off a bottle
of wine for myself so um maybe this is
funnier than or maybe I think it's
funnier but oh my gosh I'm watching
Shane's vlog
oh my guys when I hit up hold on wait
tiny shade so funny
wait like oh yeah check it off here yeah
what you're doing is essentially you're
in the shower boys time to be Shane and
you're pleasuring yourself and the way
we wanted to do it is rather like slow
and idea I haven't even gone fast that
yeah but I'm very excited for the UH the
ending I don't know why I'm in my prob
well I do know why it's hot in here and
I just drink a whole bottle of wine and
I'm so shiny oh my gosh this is so
unflattering
this is no angle right here this fish
cam fish lens rolls um but it's
something funny
um it's why I creepy that I watched
Shane's vlogs but that's okay whatever
right it's always get yourself lucky
funny and so hi oh this is thank
youtubers doesn't want to collect
because I'm fucking psycho um but yeah I
can't wait to finish watching this fake
masturbation prank
and so and then we're gonna flirt your
whole you know I'm gonna cut to a closer
shave and he's gonna be into it that's
holy shit his body temples hot okay I'm
gonna like finish watching this and
hopefully there's no nip-slip okay I
neither like bought maybe is too because
I have a date tonight I move date it's
gonna be so excited to come to this
space right here excited or scared in
this like maternity bra situation okay
yes I have been eating chocolate I
didn't eat all day yesterday I was like
on a juice fast don't make sense to eat
a piece of chocolate only have one piece
every day so I'm almost done with that
but I mean is so good
plus I couldn't drink on an empty
stomach
