hey guys good morning I always love
waking up to blob because it means I
made it through the night I just can't
get really excited about life anyways
what I'm excited about this morning is
my peanut butter banana toast um yeah
people are always like why do you do
your bananas like that I do think it
looks cute to put it in like a little
pattering like that these are so good
it's been my go-to breakfast like lately
but I don't know how gloopy and water is
for you but I have this for breakfast
and I'm like full literally into like
mid-afternoon snack so anyways I don't
know it's yummy and that's all I know
and so I'm just now eating breakfast and
watching some youtubes answering emails
and yeah today's gonna be a pretty
relaxed day but excited about it on the
last and hopefully you come along with
me in the journey okay I looked it's
like actually got mad woman when you can
see top my hair I literally look like
Doc Brown from Back to the Future um
that's awesome
anyways I just finished editing a video
well actually the video I shot shit I
don't oh my gosh everything's happening
sorry let me mute my computer um no it's
so weird that the video I shot today
edited today and it's going up tonight
like oh my god I never do that I make so
excited I don't know why I just felt
like I wanted to post that video um I'm
like blowing up now of course when I
start recording oh my phone i oh my gosh
oh my gosh this is gonna turn into a
different vlog do you have those friends
who will text you 20 times in a row it's
like bitch say it all in one paragraph
I'd rather read a long paragraph then 12
it's gonna come again guys I just
thought probably I mess it just gonna
come again I'm going like three oh that
is like that is actually my biggest pet
peeve at the moment like this I have a
couple people I think a few people I do
that just like one right after the other
right yeah all right even if I'm not in
a conversation with I'm like dude you
need to calm down
um anyway it's just added that video my
cupcakes came will actually hands
cupcakes that says
well I'll show you cuz I don't know if
I'm gonna vlog tonight but before I get
up and show you I just finished editing
my video and I just subscribed to art in
rows you guys watch art in rows I don't
know if guys are
subscribe to her but you should be so
she like tweeted something like which
pays my favors never she had mentioned
me just tweeted me then Ardmore LSAT
mentioned me and I like looked up and I
said oh my god this girl's like legit
she's like amazing and awesome and I'm
like obsessed with her so I just
subscribed and I'm like watching all her
videos cuz I do that when I subscribe do
people have to watch like every single
video they've ever done um it's like a
tangled up in my cords okay I think I
can show you oh yeah cuz it's already
kind of oh my gosh what did I just see
that was like okay so I was like walking
like this
I think I'm assuming my shadow I swear I
never like wash it back now I scare
myself sometimes anyways these are the
cupcakes and this is what they look like
in there and it's congrats and it's
something awesome injuries in town so
it's super cool that we get to hang out
I don't really get to UM well we just
really have a hum since the movie
because he's been so busy with it uh
Shane's movie not cool and the chair not
stuff he's been super busy I'm going to
punch a person because it's literally
someone that can have any one exit
anyway I'm blabbing so anyways um yeah
I'm a hair actually kind of like books
kind of cute when you see like the whole
thing but I mean just look like crazy or
something so I don't I'm gonna vlog
tonight we will see how the night takes
us but yeah that's what I'm doing
the Magnum though we're looking at
lubricants for a challenge right I think
we want to do the pregnancy test
challenge oh this one wait why is this a
high end peak high
oh it's abolition test when you want to
get pregnant you look and then look it's
so happy this shouldn't be happy you and
your ovulation ovulating ovulation is
like in the middle of your period when
the eggs are like dropping and then your
sperm can't touch the egg so you don't
want to have sex during ovulation what
is on your camera or is that on me no
it's focusing I think so that's calm
spot how do you know about the subject
and it goes let me do that as a
challenge if any to show nudity on
YouTube you can if you're testing for
something like if you're doing like the
breast cancer thing you're like no I'll
show ya geez
hey kids breast cancer test or if you
type in like vagina
health like you can see yourself will
multi L there's one for each of us in
there this is Marian why what's that for
your three holes we make that though by
the way me and to our friends everybody
Lucky's in my blog heartburn tea I need
all of this are you getting there
usually like five dollars this is a
dollar for each why wouldn't I buy all
of them because I can't hold it all spit
in your belly no no no I can't love it
though I was kind of like an animator
earlier she said to me that I would be
more attractive if I gained 50 pounds
what do you guys think
no they're gonna say no cuz they won't
agree with because either they're always
unhappy though but I think yes that's if
you have so she can work that I just I
mean I don't disagree cuz I don't know
but I want a thing is for me I disagree
that I would love it
she agrees Gracie I try not to drink it
cuz it's bad for you so uh sorry I was
just like I'm trying to be able to the
phones when they get text messages and I
feel so anyways so we got cupcakes which
I showed you earlier machines
he had one cupcake just about freely I
just wanna let you know I hear where
you're coming from you I hear where
you're coming from about like me getting
junk food stuff and I have I have calm
down but I won the chair come on yeah
knock it out for that come on the chair
Boop love the chair though wait why do
they call it the chair though cuz you
never sat in chairs I didn't understand
the concept director chair but you
weren't in a director chair yeah I don't
know I it's a terrible title I hated the
title oh yeah no okay no maybe like
making a movie like a movi do it people
I um nail honestly thumbnail Oh actually
record you that would've been so saying
I think I know but I could have like
accidentally penetrate I think though
he's really interesting it doesn't do is
like vanilla it probably isn't because
they're a different way oh these are all
different ladies yeah they're white
they're all flying why be white you
don't like the cupcake what's happening
this is are interesting yeah I think
this is my finger on it yeah cuz there's
red velvet there's talk where but I'm
talk about the frosting it's hi lemon
you're the expert you like it really
sweet it kind of tastes like um make a
coconut baby i'ma try to I like all of
it I mean that's really really yummy but
where's I look so bad but if we're
celebrating so it's really exciting and
nothing Tigers not very interesting blog
Oh a laga target enemy no we did it do
you find Alex
oh yeah Alison target I found out what
that meant but I don't really get it and
I still don't get it
I hate YouTube for that reason and like
social media eating you turned it like
so week one of me kidding I love that
camera you should get sponsored by them
what the wide-angle lens
mmm by the way the last log we did you
talked for 20 minutes about rickey
dillion before you left I literally
looked at that vlog and I was like why
is this 20 minutes long and then I look
and I'm like oh it's almost over like we
just 20 more minutes left this is all
aside we're gonna weird I bought your
fat legs they said you were high off
Diet Coke they said you can actually get
drugged that way now what it was that we
were weird
it was fun though living it's not good
youtubers react though if they want you
to react yeah here's what's happening
here's why we're okay I am fascinated
fascinated with operations I'm
fascinated with transgender and I'm
fascinated with anything interesting
like that I just had Gigi on my podcast
and we talked for like an hour about
transgendered and I'm fascinated and I
was we were literally sitting here
talking about surgeries and plastic
surgery and like what we want or what
we've had you know I want to get this
mug fixed I'm kidding but I should right
and we talk that's a good part I noticed
we started talk about sex change and I
was like I was like how do they turn a
penis into a vagina where that I don't
know maybe it's on YouTube and it is on
YouTube yeah now I have even more
respect I had a lot of respect for
transgenders to begin with I have even
more respect to that process intense
holy shit granted they're asleep during
it but oh my god
you wake up eventually and you're gonna
like feel it I don't know maybe I guess
like
it is I will never look at my penis the
same way I hope and I can't watch it
again I lasted to dance and I was like
can you wait a red-velvet i legit
thought I didn't get right now that I
was hungry I am very fast in it if
there's anybody out there that knows
about I've seen a lot of documentaries
about transgenders and I love them
trans generation is just amazing but if
you guys are no need any other kind of
obsessed and it squeamish to watch think
I definitely don't you too but if you're
squeamish I would be squeamish walking
watching somebody get a hangnail tip you
know how squeamish about his finger but
oh yeah I was fingering myself the other
day and I slipped is that what happened
to your fingers when your clitoral hood
is the size of his yeah hard to not get
I got it's nicely technical to wampie
wampie wanna be like me I saw my guide I
said I'm going to the guy now and we're
gonna film it she said I could put my
image ina on YouTube God said won't be
one yeah just move it up no but she said
that actually it is oh well you want
your whomp you want me by the way I was
hanging out with mirandasings living
this and she was like by the way cuz she
was talking about weird about you oh and
she was by the way I she is such a
fucking liar she does not hold in her
food for months at a time on a video
my mom will say four years on and off I
cut six months it would be six months I
want okay I want you to film you're
gonna college the appointment I don't
film your butt doctor appointment feel
like I have a bunch of our colleges
obstruct oh yeah what I'm impressed
and I'm not just and I want him on
camera okay Oh
Trisha doesn't have bowel movements I
have more regularly now but I can have
them every few days but I didn't for a
couple months I don't believe that and
so sure I know no one believes it but
it's so true I don't believe that
wait you're saying you don't do it every
day
no hello every few days that make them
that could happen yeah well yeah but she
literally said that she didn't do it for
six months at a time
yeah that's not awesome no that's not a
pretension here there's just so much
shit on her boobs
so we've written up anoles Joe
it's true I wouldn't I would Amin Bab
I'm just not a pooper all right well I
have a sex-change oh wow it's 2014
yeah why are you putting this up you put
these up its 2017 and I don't even wanna
have to say I feel it's Saturday
everyone I have to say that because I
hope you guys want to be yourself fuck
it who gives a fuck look at Trevor
Moran's music video bitch you guys think
about fuck we have itself your turn sir
to do is everything bitch motherfucker
you fucking say I love you oh whoa I was
like an orgasm at the end gnome we like
okay all right once though we're in sync
like that
