happy Halloween crazy they're surprising
this like two-week delay so sorry about
that my vlogs are just on delay cuz one
I usually upload them like on a Sunday
so like from my camera I upload them to
my computer on a Sunday so I'm usually
like behind like three or four five days
anyway so I have to edit them in order
and upload them in order obviously so
it's not too crazy and then of course my
internet is so slow and my computer has
like no storage and I don't have hard
drives or anything so I just kind of
figure out what I need to do because I
don't really know how to work hard
drives I know I'm like an idiot
sometimes
and by the way for all of you who are
like oh if she was a computer program
which doesn't know about hard drives
like I really don't what I did is I
worked for my dad's company and we
traded S&P feature contracts and we made
systems to trade them and so I would
just like input data you know so when I
say like I mean computer programmers
don't know everything about everything
and I don't I wasn't claiming to be like
this smart is like I wasn't something
like genius engineering like that it was
just nothing my dad taught me my dad's a
genius engineer my dad his whole company
was and his whole backgrounds
engineering in his company he was you
had a lead engineer obviously it's like
I'm not a computer genius I just learned
that for my dad so I don't know I was
like I don't know I'm always explaining
why something blogs um so yeah point of
that was storage is like sometimes I
have to wait until like I upload videos
to edit more videos so I think if you
invest in like a big computer those like
an actual max not just the mac books I
don't know
guys I'm trying I make an effort for
this channel it's just it's just a
couple weeks delay so I'm sorry but it
is Halloween that's why I have my happy
Halloween witches and I am up early
early bird gets the worm
ya know I'm up really going a tec-9 a.m.
because I want to go to Target Moines my
mall which has a turkey in it and I want
to get my nails done and since Halloween
I was thinking all it's probably really
busy at the nail salon today so usually
I turn errands in the afternoon when I'm
awake and like I've already did my stuff
answered comments but October favorites
is going up now and I wanted answer
comments I'm really excited about that
video but I guess I'll just have to open
it myself I'm Glen mom and I kind of
like it I'm excited cuz I need to get
stuff at Target like the boring like
toothpaste deodorant that kind of stuff
but you know I'm starting at my nails
done and I'm sorry I'm just like I just
browsed them all like Victoria's Secret
I just like a pop in there and see what
kind of clips they have I don't normally
crazy I feel a little crazy this morning
so that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
target first because the nail please
doesn't open till 10:00 so we would
Harbor I suppose I gotta get cash back
for my nails you know you can take your
cash out of the little target thing
Gia's camera and you that's probably not
um yeah so it's Halloween today and I'm
actually going as I swear to you the
past like I mean since I've been an
adult I literally have never gone to a
Halloween party in my life like that's
not even a lie like I challenge you to
go try and find a picture of me at a
Halloween party I just never go but my
mom and her boyfriend have a Halloween
party and so my sister and I were
together on Sunday and we're just like I
would even probably take nothing nothing
either and then we got my vitamins party
earlier and I'm just like maybe we
should just go to Mom's party cuz it's a
Friday it's a Friday night it's
Halloween like girl you just sit on your
ass all day every day anyway so you guys
all get out and do something so we're
going as the sucker punch girls and yes
I have like really like prominent
blemishes okay I try because I don't
know what I want to work yeah it's
actually literally no one in target at
this hour
if you want to go to Target when it's
not busy go in the mornings of mine am
like no one's in here except for like
the employees but yeah anyways I got
everything a lecture type odds I want to
decorate for Christmas but I don't know
what I'm doing for Christmas or ever
gonna be here I'm just telling time now
cuz I got toilet paper in here and
everything I need its own like nobody
told me and they own a Christmas event
it's all just employees at the store so
they're probably not used to seeing
someone right here and then me I'm
fucking myself crazy come out on the
forty I was like target art - but my
Familia does not like it I like Trisha
you're gonna get target art I like
target art I think it's cute it's my
style
he's a decrement bedroom like this even
like up to like two years ago so pretty
but no treasure being mature being
mature Trish okay cuz I'm gonna check
out maybe I'll just go look at the rest
of the mall kill some time okay so mom
in the street my car to be washed but I
got my nails build
and
I'm proud of myself actually quite tiny
the color so these are the G colors it's
Halloween but since this last day of
Halloween I figured a well might as well
pick color I can live with for a few
weeks
so the glitter is called a cut above and
the pink is called eternal optimist some
so now I'm just chillin on my phone
there's Starbucks but oddly eating in
goog in calories type mom's party so
gonna be watching them would be in this
little weird center I don't really get
that
so we're just getting ready to leave the
pumping party didn't really show you
much anyways so we're like heading out
now it was quite the ordeal
there's the shindig
