to show
and on save
oh here's a look crazy I have a lot to
do in a short amount of time but I'm
super excited I'm going to be trying my
best to do vlogmas vlogmas technically
is vlogs right well mr. daily life is
vlogmas but because I have three
basically channels now that are very
active and I'm very active on all of
them my main channel this channel and my
peach jam I'm going to be doing a video
every day you know fingers crossed
that's the goal I definitely definitely
think I can do it on this one definitely
I'm gonna be doing a video a day on each
channel so three channels three videos a
day how many is that a week three times
seven is twenty-one videos a week 42
videos 84 videos wait did I write if I
did four weeks well it's only till the
25th so about beauty videos this month
and they're gonna be quality because
tomorrow I'm filming a music video
my 73 questions with vogue parody in
eating show and some other surprises so
I have some quality videos coming for
you guys and that's hopefully this will
work out I'm gonna take some vitamins
real quick since you guys what I take my
daily vitamin routine some other reason
so after I go to the gym I out that was
my rookie to boot uh when I go to the
gym I always have a look right so this
has zero everything is your Sugar's zero
calories your carbs so yeah me bloat you
but I think it's better than soda it's
satisfies me more and that's all I
really have to do I have to drink water
or iced tea that's my new thing
until I'm going to New York this month
so on vacation wouldn't have a drink and
then at the end of the month we'll going
on vacation too
so I meant just try drink water and ice
tea until my vacation days so I've been
working out really hard and I'll show
you guys the vitamins
take so I start with two of these these
are green a vibrant some vibrant health
I got these at Whole Foods then I go to
the women's one rainbow light I just
have one of these and then I do biosilk
and I still yes I still do the fact sit
seat back burner to the downstairs
before my workout and this is not
sponsored I do still take this as well
yeah so I'm gonna take all these right
now but yeah I always like to I started
working on the morning I do night timers
but because my mom my sister coming over
to get her lashes on before I go to
dinner tonight I've been trying to eat
good one by myself but I also try not to
be hard on myself when I do go out it's
like you know I work out I feel better
and that's really all that I care about
it's really not so much weight loss
although you know I wants to lose a few
pounds alright but for that it's really
not about it I was just feeling you know
and I like to not feel good so you know
working out exactly just help your
confidence which again that's all it
matter if you live like you're still
disgusting whatever
I'm so jacked for all these videos and
blog miss and I'm not even really like
ahead sometimes I got to film some
videos today so I'm gonna probably
filming daily to try and get ahead for
my travel days but before I haven't hang
outs are we pretty upstate for you guys
great to do right after your workout to
your behalf you're like really thirsty
and frustrating there's a lot of water
so by the way this is my favorite flavor
some people think these are really gross
and nasty I love mango but I'll
straighten my Freddie up all the flavors
have you cone here that's all my alcohol
you can see I have this is just like
regular just use it club soda it's okay
coconut my friends favorite mango is my
favorite and then I also really like
lemon I like to go between lemon a mango
and these are my energy drinks for days
like tomorrow when I have a lot to do
you ever might say this is really good
pie plate punch and then Red Bull sugar
for you and the maids are coming today
which is great a clean house but for now
I'm gonna go shower okay this might be
the grossest thing you'll ever see for
me but happy vlogmas if you're eating or
plan on eating which I'm gonna be eating
like literally 10 minutes Emeka who's
gonna come
I don't watch so yeah gross me out so
let's go get my friend I'm not gonna say
him about the stink my booty I'm so
scared and he's like it's probably just
a hemorrhoid and I guess you're getting
hemorrhoids if you who too hard so I
don't wanna get too graphic but he gave
me this stuff to try on it he's like as
soon as you're out of the shower is
focusing on my face and not the
hemorrhoid cream response could you
imagine if I sponsored
hemorrhoid cream okay I don't know why
that's not focusing but anyway that's
called a doc see proct so at the fresh
tube is like right when you get out
wait this is a fresh too
I don't know this is open but my friend
a truck or did he poke it or did I poke
it or did someone else poke it with this
is on Spanish okay might try I'm gonna
put it on the area I probably will edit
this part out but it looks like edit
this I'm just gonna do it and then I
realized I just did a shower and it's
still kind of wet it's not completely
dry down here now it should be nice and
clean so I put it on nice and good now
I'm gonna wash my hair oops there wash
you should wear I should wash my face
first
oh he poked it I remember now in the car
he poked it with this Sykes I don't know
how you open it it was sealed okay we're
good I may just make sure my post me has
directions that's some egg whites and
bacon cuz I gotta run a few errands
before heading out suppose his delivery
she's coming now okay cool
as I'm gonna wash my face for real-time
second eat but this brekkie feels so
gross haven't watched it I never
I watched my aunt once a week so I was
putting a new shower cap stay at okay I
don't know which target shame
wait where you don't just drift I'm
right crew my foot no just kidding I
didn't
all right already brush my teeth wait
where's the other is really exploiting
you don't need any sexual assault
when I'm in a hurry Oh quick cleanse
with my breakfast funds really the other
stuff however than the other something
so long they each at all my food is
there any minute then I will use that
term my dad and I love all these oh my
daddy was that a lot lollygagging well
she's just all jegging
it means like doing nothing when you
need to be getting ready thinking your
lollygagging
Oh give my life and then one of them
sighing I know it's time yes I'm well
aware I'm cause the water drop anyhow
importantly good hide love in logic
wildlife in the sense they just have
someone follow them around and film and
edit for them it's a one-woman show
right here I let it look so attractive I
can't believe I even welcome here what
the shot back hi guys want to find some
clothes real quick before it my post
mates get here no also sign out how
freaking cute is this Betsey Johnson at
the bag yes it's a Betty Johnson mac and
cheese purse no you see I just got it
isn't it so cool I'm obsessed okay so I
just quickly like threw down my hair
like I've been having it in the
ponytails it like super crazy yeah I'm
kind of going to ascension list this
month I'm gonna get it back at the end
of the month um I'm going on a trip
obviously I saw this one thousand times
somebody it makes me back I love my
extensions I hate my short hair and
honestly like depresses me that I have
much over here right now but what do you
do is sound
you guys are so high you won't be able
to see my food show my hair extension
box oh yeah you guys are on Jack Daniels
surprise my skin looks fat I know I'm
asking a scheduled of Dermatology I
remember it will be H like it back from
New York
I got another breakfast I it down to my
main goal one out one Yeltsin let's go
back here
couple of some videos June my private
snapshot wash my makeup brushes probably
miss Brady chance night I should wash my
makeup brushes before but I'm just
scared something busier um it is what an
appointment yeah I love my I always get
it like I like to start with some egg
whites and bacon in the morning no
matter what I eat the rest of the day
but I just like to have a little
something so I don't overeat later on
because that's been my issue it's like
overeating obviously you know like
unless I know I'm gonna make a move blog
or something that day I try not to eat
in the morning actually don't eat in the
morning good but this is just like makes
me feel good for like the day for a
while
shove it
I must making a line welcome even
delivered guys I was lacking Wendy
Williams I always watched tell me
whether I workout more night I watch
Wendy Williams
I watched shame I liked Peter bond
because his videos are pretty long I
think with long videos LOI LOI bug I
watched her videos i watch her scary one
about her family saw her terrified me
because hers are one I hide people make
long videos it's not why I make long
videos I just don't intentionally do
that but I prefer people who make long
videos I might cardio goes live so
masculine I could see under another hour
today because I lot to do and I have a
fitting at two o'clock jump it's like
10:30 right now and game my nails in
step takes a while and I got a range
target so I'm trying to rush everything
this morning so if you feel rushed
so I feel rushed
you guys saw this outfit already but the
girl tiblet clean so I just put on I'm
waiting it's 4:18 tonight some may be
gross later anyways so but this wasn't a
only wore it for a little bit that day
mmm
first time ever I wish I were giving
more eggs usually I want more bacon but
should we give them my eggs
- grill tell anyways mm-hmm there's half
a beer having time for one with December
I have planted over 80 videos I'm
playing them all out another round but
it's Matt Lauer scandal y'all I don't
know what you make a bet
yeah
but had me pretty serious like I went to
Sam I seem to Howard Stern on it when
he's front of them like me buyers that
quickly overnight
you know what's crazy there's one more
little piece bacon honestly sell them
my Hummer cream feels good up in there
yeah I hope it works
I've been kind of avoiding it doesn't
work I'm gonna go to proctologist I made
a pun destroy every doctor running it
back put my first trip like regular
doctor a normal doctor you going on guys
I'm gonna run try and get my errands
done before it's too late
wanna come back and do my makeup brushes
even though I'll just have my nails them
yes technically it's kind of should do
it first no I'm gonna do it first I'm
just get out of the way all right I'll
be thinking about it and I wanna know
every time you guys try to make the
thumbnail hemorrhoid cream is like I
think there should be a good topic is no
one talks about their hemorrhoids that's
why you're trying to make them sexy it
literally was like could you imagine how
much cream commercial should be like
that more people are gonna buy it more
people would be interested in more
people be aware what a freaking
hemorrhoid is I don't know okay so those
are my brushes I have to wash I also
have to wash this travel set they put
that over for what I did Big Brother and
I actually have washed this since Big
Brother because I really haven't gone on
the overnight vacation where I need my
makeup brushes but I didn't really use
this is a great one I got this and I
have to just because I didn't use that
money brushes so it won't be that hard
to clean so I'm just going with that
those brushes see what I can get through
this is really nice like I said I got
this why isn't covering it they come
other brands because they don't want you
to know I think this is a sigma which
actually helped a lot of Sigma Beauty
because they can't go to their affiliate
uh next honor their affiliate program
because it was it friend me whatever
whatever you take my money but you don't
want me to be an affiliate what does man
we're gonna wash the now these brushes
are a pretty vital for me to wash so the
best thing to do is just taking out all
the ponies I've used I should actually
clean the inside of this oh we can't
whatever he's dying on go change but oh
just pretend to prosciutto is downstairs
to get any battery I think you have a
backup
oh my god thing down now I've been
having this in my mind I got I had to in
dimensionally tape each brush just in
case that brand was shown my tape to it
bacon things do enough which actually
really love I'm gonna want to linger for
a minute
brush my teeth before I head out I said
you love fresh batch okay so these are
all of the trial the brushes I got a
wash
which makes sense I was in England for a
while so I figured there would be a lot
so maybe I put these to the side I'm
going to go through my personal brushes
first I'm going to be using those first
oh I am gotta watch that good oh just
shut down sir
so let's use the Palmolive X you want to
make fart excuse this cookies rather
quickly
it rushes out of time prints I know you
guys not seen anything but it's over
there warm especially face brushes those
are mainly in one because I just
definitely don't acne it's the only
reason I wash my makeup brushes to be
honest because it's quicker my carry
should be a little time for Joey so
people it takes two minutes to do their
brushes for me it takes time ever raise
it one two three yeah so that we are
things crazy
her love one day today she's like don't
replace him with a woman I want to see a
man on TV yes sir she said the most
offensive things sometimes and gets away
with it
well that's not always people get mad at
her
yeah
Oh
I didn't really watch The Today Show but
not gonna lie Matt Lauer's pretty hot
but well then I saw on Twitter that he
had a button underneath his desk then I
guess he just oh you know what my needs
are coming today I never know what to do
with these brushes totally that I want
that should wait till this weekend to do
it be nice break down tonight
figure it out or something just have a
bunch of makeup brushes here and we're
just do a live show today
you know I think you have all the time
in the world this is I woke up I can I
just check my emails and instagrams up
and bolt it search the cheetahmen I'm
just that's the way I'm gonna be so
soaking wet oh this is such a task so
tedious
that
it needs to be done and honestly I'm
glad I did this before because if I get
fresh meals even though it is soap and
you're like cleaning the brushes the
makeup residue comes out I'm good for
now okey yeah we got the fresh nails you
wanna be fresh fresh okay I'm gonna go
on - actually that's Rihanna Fenty
foundation brush they use like literally
all the time right here it's actually a
really nice brush it actually like
applies your foundation really well
because they let transfer at the product
though like the product doesn't get too
stuck phases so much
there's just not enough time in the day
to day or enough time in the month
oh we're this month so crazy
the holiday is the most things slowed
down but not through social media
oh hey I'm gonna switch to my travel
brushes I have to get kind of back ain't
doing this I have a heating pad what you
guys will see bit and laying on luckily
on a go for I head out but can I change
my purse
I should Rihanna Fenty knows think
that's my foundation brush
gosh there's still foundation just
coming out of it can you see I feel like
people have asked me that's on mine you
now my livestream and I think I told
them a lot before asking where I got my
little set that I have on it says thug
life on the but in the back I got it
from a Dolph kill calm I am obsessed
with Dolph kill their stuff is a little
overpriced be warned but it's really
nice stuff it's really good quality fast
shipping just not having it over there
I'm not a bottom I don't want to wring
dry shampoo you neither you know what
the craziest thing - I'll probably only
wear makeup for two days in Newark and
I'm watching all these brushes and then
I gotta come back and wash it all again
before my other trip cuz you want fresh
brushes for your trip obviously whoo I
get too lazy in life I mean
it'd be nice to relax when you get a
little iced tea at Starbucks I'm a pink
Cup just go back some heels don't
hopefully it's not Chicago State
Thursday Thursday that I should pretty
crowd it's the weekend I'm gonna get red
nails like my Anna Nicole
Austin's been doing a bunch of holiday
videos I kind of wanted the red nails
yeah this show really gets the makeup
out though
to create something making never take
away we as a grown to the form of us
tomorrow they'll be more warming your
children a baby it's cold outside
I really can't stay baby it was you that
got that so quickly - I don't know how
people wash their makeup brushes in
minutes there's a couple things of OCD
on and sometimes the makeup brushes you
see a house being like a sport of each
time I do a makeup brush he's like you
shouldn't do that take so long but and
what's the other thing I've seen what it
was he in the shower razor blades I like
love to change my razor blades in my
razor house fee about that - oh my god I
just really wanted clean shaven time
like always change my razor blades are
so expensive
there's one other thing and I felt like
people and the other thing I think is
like really weird they're like really
you think now
don't don't these travel brushes I think
I'm going to be good after say the
religious eyeshadow brushes which I'll
get later when I do another round of
cleaning for my travel black brushes
mmm oh and I have so much to schedule
that's the thing that takes the most
time is scheduling everybody like hair
makeup photographers videographers lip
appointments nail appointments ten
appointments trips I booked everything
in the flights hotels the car services
the food bench he meant I'm honestly
like good it overwhelms me with I get
the job done
immigrants we got the job done JD
Hamilton on Broadway if anyone has any
of that hookup tickets are like sold out
and possibly find but we actually have
to shoot Broadway shows we're planning
on seeing this stuff oh that's my kind
of find today
yeah second outfit for the second show
we're seeing Owen were sometimes Oh once
you get started with anything working
out that they need kind of hard to stop
the packaging I do
and Here I am doing one one by one oh
and that's a pie later on with this
brush I'm gonna get a highlight brush
ooh look at all the bubbles you guys see
it on camera
there's so many magical whoa y'all can't
come and go and bubbles go into OQ my
brushes see it comes of a thing I gotta
clean all the brushes
Thanks hi I wash my hands and can all
done but all the travel ones done which
I was most concerned about that since
I'm going to travel soon oh gosh oh my
back is killing me right now who are
pretty brushes alright guys now I gotta
go pack a purse and get going okay so
I'm switching purses it's the first time
using this bag it's called pop tsuki it
was actually through an Instagram
sponsored like ad thing I saw it's real
nice the big pink pastel purse so I'm
gonna pack all these contents in there
and actually Matthew says like pink I've
been loving super super cute I'm a
gingerbread phone case
I'm so happy I have the very many of our
video
so I just thought some Christmas towels
hand towels I got this chronic headdress
which I'm gonna be where I end up a
video I got some white men's underwear
and a white sports bra so like I said
nothing that exciting but a few things I
just scrapped for some videos I have
three up just got lashes on top with my
sister and my mom but she's in the thing
we all just got our lashes done at the
same time yeah I love you know little
straggler so we're gonna go eat a little
penguin beer - oh so cute and here it is
time we travel an hour in traffic to
come here because that's how amazing
this is
so it's vlog with some vlogging every
day so even boring day so I got a vlog
so we're gonna go yes - I'll call that
vlogmas that's update and I just realize
I need a Botox whoa I never have
wrinkles did you notice oh I did no
that's crazy
hmm see how mom's let's big reveal yeah
no this is I wanted to use well I wanted
to like flatten it before I can happen
mom's first time with Pete come close we
see those Wow how your eyes feeling good
and she has some sort of eyes - and what
did I know wow you are good you look so
good you like them yeah they look really
pretty it looks like you have eyeliner
on you check out free from makeup
completely you're not gonna
tomorrow I know right good so easy so we
all got our lashes and now we're gonna
go eat
excited yeah got that booty walk miss
mom I got a vlog every day in December
we're gonna go eat a CPK do we know how
to get there
it's upstairs we're gonna go eat at CPK
now we all got our lashes done yelling
boo shit oh yeah I remember you talking
about reading in the valley y'all are
there it is CPK
it's not freezing you just have your
legs out I feel fine I feel comfy I'm
always hot so it feels good
we're in her okay so now to go out okay
crazy this is where Jason Nash and
Brandon Callie's vlog squad fan over
here don't put it on TV TV so Valley of
us right now all right wait I just got
home my house is literally so clean
right now it's amazing my bedroom is so
insane I'm actually gonna add it down
here I mean the only thing a lot to do
tonight is to edit you guys you rethink
what you know how long miss works do
people like say good night edit that
night and then post next morning or do
they pull you wait until they make sure
they're sleeping and give that very last
minute in and then like edit the next
day and post late that day cuz I'm I
want to post early like first thing the
morning of the next day but let me know
I'm kind of new with long ice but like
look how clean you guys I would be
sitting my best night but I'm gonna get
a spray tan but she's not coming over
chill for home or hours I'm actually so
tired she came over late sometimes she
works finished works finished look tired
I'm so full one guy he was edit you guys
I will read in so much I'm writing feels
good so good I want this one my shower
in the morning but yeah the place is so
clean I love it so much
so this is day one of love miss I don't
know I got myself into I was gonna say
right now I might miss a cop movie I'm
already like exhausted I'm having to
edit this and I mean Channel video you
have videos and it's not setting an
answer correct it's really fun but like
I actually have to be doing these making
these videos and kind of like tomorrow
is gonna be such a busy day with my
music video and I have a couple other
ideas that I want to do remember you are
4 while he's here so plus planning stuff
and is like like a day to just shell
which I think I'm gonna have in a couple
days I have a date show where I can like
open up packages book things schedule a
time she's nothing like buckled on that
day make sure I get it all done but you
know I love the crest whitening strips
Samantha knows me well doesn't mean no
if I love the crest whitening strips so
much um I don't my teeth a little
sensitive thirsty so very thirsty I know
I want to be electrician at the sign of
diabetes okay I don't know I'm just I
need to quench my thirst
we started Apple with the cross I I
can't talk honestly can't talk um we're
gonna have a little crying mangoes like
a little treat for me because I am so
tired so I want to edit you guys make up
a little sheet bed for when I spray tan
because my spray tan I was put on a
sheet just for spray tanning somebody
actual sheet set out that's a lot um but
I love you guys and um they would have
hooked miss hopefully I'm doing good let
me know if you guys like this or if this
was extremely boring because if that's
the case then because I hate myself but
I look guys I'm here because he's so
elated she's mmm
