good morning all so this is before and
after I'm having my friends Jorge and
Francisco Pinto come over and do my hair
and makeup um there's my friends we just
like to play sometimes so they're
awesome they are local hair and makeup
artists and when they have the time I am
more than honored to get my hair and
makeup done by them and we just play and
have fun so I thought I would you know
their makeup transformation video this
is my boob oh and that's after your very
own Trish doll oh the creepy odd kind of
creeps me out a little bit I'm your very
own Trish tell you can play with me and
brush my hair
you can even undress me shh don't tell
Ken so creepy um but yeah so we did a
little Barbie look today he cut a little
bit of bang which is that crazy I know I
looked over already got bangs but
honestly I just had broken hair anyways
it's only about like a half like not
even a half an inch shorter so you kind
of just brush it all to the front made
it straight and yeah kind of living for
it so anyways I'm filming videos today
and maybe a little later I know I'm
doing Oh
josh is coming over to collab I think
hopefully we haven't confirmed that yet
Josh DTV I'm super excited about that
and then I think I have a little date
tonight so I'm super excited I will see
how it goes but anyways especially guys
my Barbie transformation sorry creepy
right so I just finished filming sexpert
I had a bit I had my schoolgirl costume
on and I kind of feel like a little rush
because josh was coming over at 3 which
is in like an hour and I had to film my
videos I had a filmer sexpert and then
of course now has upload and charged I
have to film one more video yet so a lot
was happening packages were being
delivered people were calling the
appointments are trying to be made so
I'm kind of rushed right now I'm going
to go to Starbucks to get a coffee and
just kind of like zone out for a minute
and then come back clean up my place and
get it all together so I'm super excited
we're going to do a collab so it's a
kind of a day of of filming and I'm
really excited about it it's what I love
to do and it's fun and we're going and
we're going and we're going
I made it okay so I just finished
filming my fall favorites and it changed
into a sweater okay so I had it like
really cute op on right I match my like
little pink lipstick and stuff but but
so consider never met Josh or his fiance
Colleen um I didn't want to have like I
didn't want to expose my boob you guys
all know boobs are my thing like I like
to have my breasts set when I do videos
and so usually that's cool and like I'm
cool that you know Shannon Lisa know
like that it's just trash like where my
boobs out but considered I never met
Joshua before I'm I'm I wanted to be a
little more conservative so I threw on a
sweater and I feel like it's still me
but it's still more conservative you
know just so you know like I'm cool I
love both them I watch them all the time
on his vlog her vlog I watched him
awesome really really excited him it's
so weird to collab with someone you've
never met before I've never even met him
like a social studying like yeah we know
the same kind of people but you guys
know I have no friends I feel really
awkward and crazy and I look really
greasy but I am so excited I'm gonna
just it might come out but you guys know
when I get nervous I chew my gum when I
meet anyone like anyone from Hashem so
Mike what do they think of a big weirdo
and I am a waiter when I first meet
people I'm a weirdo I say too much I
have word vomit I am just I don't know
I'm really excited he's a really good
singer I think we're doing singing
videos and I really really am bad at it
so hitman : they're both like amazing
singers and I'm just like Al I'm Trish
don't be that weirdo don't be that
weirdo freak any more than you already
are so anyways I put pants on obviously
and then I put a conservative sweater on
to show that I am cool and I'm a
spectacle and I don't know I just don't
want people to ever think that I'm what
I am on my youtubes
I mean I am that person but you act I do
act a little uppity a little more
Dixieland more slutty on on YouTube
videos and I just don't want anyone to
ever judge me based on that or past
videos where I was trolling or looking
for attention so I feel like I'm meeting
like someone's parents or going to like
a school like parent-teacher conference
for myself um I'm just really nervous
because this is a whole other branch of
YouTube that I don't really watch but I
don't really have any association with
and so I'm really excited and I'm
excited cuz it's Broadway and Colleen
and Joshua are the only people who ever
do like show tunes and I love it and
that's why
them so much and I'm just super excited
to meet him and see how he is in person
and see if he's like his vlogs and I'll
let you know
and maybe I'll block work maybe I won't
click like it's really awkward when he
first meet someone
oh he's blogging this is why I'm a weird
person so I have no friends i overthink
everything
alright I'll see how it goes okay what's
you do what are you doing right now
I like your intro is like my second
channel this is the moment I'm joshing
what we're just teasing it go ahead a
movi on now you know the lyrics I don't
know anything after that he's I told him
I told him on his video he's the best
singer I've ever heard in my entire life
not true Barry Williams is pretty good
Barry Williams is uh Greg Brady Greg
Brady is the man I saw wish I saw his
show in Branson Missouri I'm not even
kidding I saw a show and it's great he
could plays the guitar and wears vests
with fringes on it I saw him myself why
so I have a picture very well I'll show
you when I searched and met Barry
Williams and he's saying the songs like
what's a pretty song it's like every boy
is a man inside a girl's a woman too
and if you want to reach your destiny
here's what you got it dude you know it
when it's time to change time to be
arranged cuz because the younger brother
middle brother was going through puberty
during that episode
Peter Peter who married a Jew Audrina or
someone hurry from American icon yeah no
reality show and they got a divorce
no knows that I thought it was gonna
last forever it didn't last Josh so
optimistic a driving eyes everything's
like true love people are great I'm like
can we talk about how awesome her
bandana looks yeah yeah we were just
Bret Michaels oh no we were uh we had so
much water see I have to bend down if
I'm gonna be in this water
you sure he's a tough oh we just did the
finish the lyrics challenge on my page
she's so cool you're just a good person
I know
ah we have heated but I thought I'd blog
as he vlogs are talking about Josh
Motiti come on let's let's inception
this vlogger oh yeah he does prologue a
Miss oh hey guys we're vlogging within
her
we're doing this you're seeing each
other hey viewers you're looking at her
viewers now you're all connected consent
this is this is mutual consent you just
snort you did your snorted he's gonna
continue blogging she's gonna wakeful
and guns can you keep warning ok mommy
I'm walking to him so we just they're
not I what do you think about me you
guys we'll see you soon what do you want
to put this up
hey SAP because we're awesome what day
we only put Sunday Wednesday's your main
videos right well I can do whatever you
want ok let's do it hey guys oh my gosh
it was so late I'm so tired
oh it was such a long Monday I have
filmed thousand and five hundred videos
today I'm so tired I did drink and
you're not I think I'll like oh like a
lightweight so she doesn't had an eat
much all day I'm just so tired but
thankfully Y's are here to keep me up to
keep my makeup off cuz I was gonna hit
the hay and I was like girl you take
that makeup off so exactly what I'm
gonna do so tired too since such a long
day it was so sweet leading Josh oh my
god Josh what he was so sweet and I love
couples that are in love I love guys I
just talk about how great their girls
are the whole time it's so sweet I love
them so I watch them all the time and
it's so nice to know that their love is
so real and genuine it makes me so happy
they're the cutest little thing ever
right as well done I'm gonna eat them up
I'm using 500 wipes because I'm lazy
yeah but is it was such a fun day I just
is busy when I even do I don't know what
I did this morning
oh it's saying charge charge the battery
pack shit well well
yes I don't even or dozing at this point
um guys if you see I am wearing my own
trail people my Holly night thing
they're like Oh Trisha it doesn't work
with shit
oh I wear my own shirts about like every
night it's like my favorite thing to
wear they're so comfy I don't know
you know her pants with them oh my gosh
I had bottom lashes on oh my god I'm so
dumb and mclee way huh
I am literally the dumbest and I'm never
I was like wondering why was he being so
difficult down there though I'm totally
played for I hit bottom lashes on out of
a hat if I feel like a hot mess a hot
mess
mmm scary I'm one of those people who
gladly and mr. happily miss I look
better on camera or pictures enjoyed
real life is real real life without
filters is scary so I'm okay with that
if you guys ever see me in public and
you're scared of me don't be alarmed
just advice guess what I'm using I'm
gonna hit the head
my lips are crazy just get a good rub oh
oh my gosh sure so guys that's it for me
that's all I may get what's coming off
tonight I try I do my best
oh it always posed to take off on my bub
just gonna collapse I just don't wanna
take anything off alright guys know if I
braced it we could just would be quite a
brace before I like the Joker from
Batman so attractive I love you so much
thank you for watching this have been a
long exhausting even one of me I don't
wear them less I mean like it suits me a
little bit mmm bye guys
