hey guys sorry I have a proper ending
for yesterday but today as a new day
didn't have seen the judge with my
friend jr. and it's really really good
really like drama and like kind of sad
but like really good nonetheless and
anyways I'm going to meet lunch or have
lunch with kale meeting kale at lunch
yeah panting kill in a while and I'm
super excited to be reunited kale and I
missed him and we're working on more
things together so viral video it's not
the end of our relationship and we're
just friends regardless and I love him
and I can't wait and we're going to our
spot which I actually went to dinner
with Shane at the spot on Saturday so I
sort of cheated on you know he loves
this place but yeah so we're gonna have
lunch discuss some things and see how it
goes
so there's 26 speech behind me and I'm
Kelly as per usual but I have a white
nail polish on my toes she was thing of
white pedicures I don't know if I like
the white nail polish but what you're
gonna do so you guys about 26 beach and
I got my burger fries and my friend got
burger and fries I don't know if he's
being Shawn today he doesn't look that
good just kidding you look amazing you
guys know it's kale he everyone's like
he ate a fry em them but doesn't even
fingers if you were you do it again I'm
saying this we just have the fries and
burgers and talking about the next
project and we'll see how goes the
cocktail my face is to my skin and what
is that did you notice that did you know
I'll peel my skin it my face is pale
compare my chest you didn't sing that
earlier he's just like making fun of my
necklace and before when he sat down
he's like I think after this we need to
go to your place Mike okay let's go
ahead I look over seeing hairline from
girl
a great lunch are you oh you can't
brought me a mine behind the scenes
behind the scenes for viral video Wow
coming everybody loved the movie like we
did I mean I think everyone's favorite
part was the guy falling out of the
closet I mean that's what everyone was
saying that was that was amazing all
right
oscar-winning award-winning that actor
though like the acting been getting a
lot of calls for that guy dude you're
like we need him for next I love that
part we are we watching it it was really
fun that the the background I don't need
to call him extras I feel like extras I
used to be extra as I hated that term
for the felt very demeaning the
background actors of them they were so
sweet they were like so nice to me they
love you they were so nice they really
didn't work I wish yeah they were people
that like I use they go on Twitter come
to this thing they were just like actors
in Hollywood and they knew I was shocked
that was part of the deal I loved it
many made it real they didn't really
have to act they really wanted your
fucking rings I know one girl did she
said I used the in the behind of each
they cause she signed this for me she
really wanted me to find something you
already find something pretty you can
tweak it and then we're working on
upcoming projects but what can you say
about her no music music music
I think you guys know that I said that
maybe actually this won't go up for like
a week so we can oh can we no truce is
gonna be rock star I'm gonna be a rock
star and I'm gonna be like QVC
yeah that's the goal so much that's so
much is gonna be coming around coming
see and then I and he like cement on my
face in my mouth I'm not it good morning
fishies oh my gosh I am so excited today
I am doing a TV pitch I can't really say
much but I'm really excited to be doing
this pitch day because it's with a
friend of mine who I've known for since
forever and a professional friend all
the way we know her like hung out or
anything like that but like just a guy
who's always just try to put me in as
much as you can try to get me involved
with as much and he has his own
production company used to work for a
huge huge production company I was like
he was like the vice president he was
like leaving it a couple years ago to
develop his own thing but he's developed
the biggest shows you see on MTV right
now well actually the base shows you
seen on MTV ever so years ago he was the
one responsible for putting literally I
can't I don't really want to say you
know I don't know if I'm allowed to
because we're like doing this thing
together but he's probably like the
biggest shows on MTV so he's just really
really experienced with this kind of
thing and he's always brought me in to
help you know pitch shows to network
says he just like my personality and
he's like if we pitch it and you ever
energetic so anyways long story short
after I started getting my own sort of
notoriety if you will of YouTube which
you guys believe it or not Hollywood
it's like looking at YouTube now and
taking it really seriously they're
seeing that you guys are making the the
stars of tomorrow if you will you know
if you guys are liking someone which you
know YouTube we don't have no backing we
have no publicist we don't have
marketing
just us so it's saying to them to
Hollywood that these people are liking
this person on the screen whoever you're
watching and like they need to get on
that because these people obviously like
them for a reason so you guys are kind
of dictating what happens in Hollywood
more so now and it just started
happening recently just in the past
couple months it's all been happening
where they're like oh okay people are
liking this check you know so it's great
because people like me who have been out
here in Hollywood before YouTube it was
just hard because they wouldn't give us
a chance especially it's it's weird and
different I'm weird and different and
I'm not your typical Barbie doll on TV
I'm a Barbie with a little more
thickness with a little more meat with a
little bit more of a potty mouth you
know what I'm saying like a little more
I'm just not your norm of that that you
guys love me for that and then in turn
people are kind of seeing me the way you
guys see me as just happy and fun and
just good and just you guys are
redefining things and I really like
appreciate that and so all this is
happening cuz if you guys and I'm super
excited so anyways that was a very long
wait for what I'm saying so I'm actually
getting in this position now that I get
to go pitch shows my shows it's crazy
it's so crazy and I just really have you
guys to think I've been thinking news a
lot lately because like awesome things
have been happening for me and it's sort
of like with my with God I never want to
like neglect God and stop thanking God
because everything in my life has become
because of God and you know God put you
guys in my life so in turn I thank you
guys for watching and still being here
so I'm gonna say thank you a thousand
times more whenever I do stuff because I
really really want you to know that I am
so self-aware you guys know this I'm
very self aware because I make jokes at
my expense
that's called being self-aware and more
so I'm very self aware that I am made by
you guys um and so I'm so just blessed
and I love YouTube I love YouTube so
much I just before anyone cared about me
I loved you too after people stopped
caring about me I'm gonna love YouTube
it's fun it's my outlet to creative and
I'm just I'm so fortunate and I'm so
fortunate that you guys so I don't know
it's the things guys for that and like I
said I don't even know what's happening
I mean this is just early early stages
of this but
you know whatever happens all these
things are happening because of you guys
hold Oh Sakura my legs emit Oh never get
cold I feel like my hair legs are
growing back okay enough of that enough
blobbing so that's what I'm doing and
I'm sitting in traffic so I've literally
moved a half inch it's a start talking
so alright I probably can't bring yours
in because it's always top secret as
always but yeah that's what I'm doing
today
