hey so I'm at Target and I haven't been
a target all Halloween season and they
have so much Halloween things gene
hashtag dream we're a Halloween candy
shopping I just want a candy like a
booty can get we ran into a weight what
do we call our train train fans we ran
into a passenger a passenger of the
Train
a 'quack head of the Train what a
question
do you not remember a video sugar
factory
quack whores oh yeah doesn't watch our
videos I love it make a thousand of dead
dog sorry irrelevant to you yeah these
videos lower living life living and so
we're like let's get candy and so we're
doing another candy huh and there's like
a lot going on I'm nervous
look here there's a lot of kids around
she's getting annihilate cuz I can wrap
it over yeah I went into the little kids
section for a costume and I tried to fit
in one that just did not fit so now I'm
having a mental breakdown
it's a child costume what are you in
there I'm supposed to like be able to
sit in because I'm a youtuber and
youtubers are smiling dying you are like
a tiny you look oh yeah this fucking the
biggest issue angle lens I've ever seen
in my life you look around there I still
look fat and I would be good so we're
gonna get candy did you get here I'm
gonna get coffee okay feeling it one of
those stupid shirts at annoying people
where where it's like this is my costume
or whatever
I think it's getting fucking funny
actually well there's the candies and
we're on our way over there to get some
fuck up some candy okay better news for
an hour and a Halloween
for a second part to Halloween challenge
so I can't see what she is buying me and
he can't see what I'm buying him but
it's gonna be really fun and really epic
so see how that goes
scary this practice I think this would
scared the shit out of me if I was a
child
little kids are over here like playing
by him he's not faced he is not faced by
that he's scared of that
yeah scared I'm terrified
how do you know she hasn't come after
you
out of order hmm okay guys we just
filmed um uh Halloween why we there is
somebody here they're shame but you
already saw him I love that look I'm
looking looks the reason about that
count is cuz he looks so skinny in it
you're something you're so tiny but I
was just taking out my weed this is all
here that's in my head oh this is all my
head earlier well we you want to be me
for Halloween
buddy you know how to clip it in
I mean obvi Oh rich we know wait you
kind of look like me wait hold on I
gotta gotta adjust it so that mm-hmm
here we go my gosh we're gonna help me
make over the fact she's making me hey
guys
I mean I'm hot dog you are see this and
I look at myself in the thing I'm Trish
E and this is my sister eyes your sister
hey don't compare her to me
come on Gary - I'm Cali Gator yes look
at all the way that you swing I'm I'm
just trying to like get my fishy on
can't see species oh wow
don't you love it you kind of like Bret
Michaels a little bit I feel like Taylor
Swift oh my gosh sing a little okay um
okay at you oh fuck wait what's your
what were you singing
I say at you lay and that's what people
say yep okay oh yeah you're gonna
parodies come over the line I'm a
fucking bitch that's like a lot of day
latitude that's what I do
Oh sometimes I eat Harris does Pulu yeah
that was good cuz I'm a fishy that's it
that was good that's our shake it off
parody you know my favorite part of this
have a good you do fair part of this is
that you love it that there's definitely
dried come on here
it's coming and Dad and it's definitely
dry come on this couch oh yeah we feel
like yeah yeah you know living for the
Trisha
oh we hold on hey um hey fishies I don't
know about you but I just love dick I
just love cocks you I love you so much
guys honestly guys I fucking love you
ignore my other hair you fucking love
you so much guys okay wait let's go into
a store bankers my credit card
uh-huh nope thank you so much
I mean you don't look like me you AG
look like meme okay it it's okay it's
like what time is it like 2 a.m. right
now oh my god what are you reading
sorry I was having a one of my 31 nights
off right but you literally just picked
up from my baby I was reading about
human centipede I mean it's a great book
what do you think of it I think I like
that quote I don't like human beings
yeah that's the quotes we though my
fucking life motto bitch wait so Jane is
about to leave
like 2 a.m. and he says okay rickey
dillion sleigh I was like wait what wait
what are you saying exactly
I said okay so contact first of all I'm
sorry we've had a long day as I say we
look like Sharon we do we ate a lot of
candy and watched a lot of YouTube it's
been a lot um
what Oh No
rickey dillion she's obsessive Ricky
Dillon Ricky's obsessed with her he
always talks to me about her she always
asks me about him fucking I was like
fuck this shit so I've set up a group
text bitch and I said hey Queens fucking
Ricky Dillon hey Trish here you go I'm
fucking they took it away we had a like
a threesome to
and she was having him selfies he was
sending her slaves and queens and yes
bitches everybody won't talk like this
or he's like you gotta get hit with it
they're like hit so okay so wait let me
read the exact text so we stack your dog
on there we said thank you I said every
key done yeah nice hey Ricky
here's Trisha you guys are obsessed with
each other so I figured I'd introduce
you and then he wrote back OMG haha hi
what's up Queen Queen and then Trish
sent back a picture of her taking a
selfie in front of him on a video mm-hmm
and then she wrote living for you though
slay I don't give a what and I said what
the fuck was that you're like I don't
know is I had teenagers talk communicate
and then hear a back Yassa I live for
you I literally just watched my reveal
you slay it acting but yes we must hang
out
Shane throw a party so that I said duh
three-way three three queens in the
kingdom night and freaky Dylan row lol
oh my f OD Oh what does that mean well
yeah it might have been god but that was
another video today we had fod sign so I
think it's like a new thing that teens
say hmm Fahd fuck oh fuck off dad oh oh
yeah we get it so then um so there was a
lot of emoji happening like so many
modi's I asked if rebeccablack was drunk
and he said I live for your rebeccablack
obsession and I said I know Queen and
then they were talking about something
and then I said them this picture that's
me with the spit coming on my lips it
was that was good that's at the tone for
the thing and then Ricky was like tired
by basically basically okay okay so by
my name Osceola what do you buy
basically promote his new single telling
us so buying nobody that I actually
listen to ass about them well by this
time it'll be up oh yeah so how did it
goes like no no no nobody we've been
hurt it yo you're the pro yeah preview
I mean I'm excited I don't know how
gonna top ordinary but I'm excited slay
Ricky no but when you believe me it's
like to like anything I'm so tired I was
like I fell asleep for about a good five
minutes while we're watching freely just
not because she was boring just cuz I
was so kind of his tired I woke up and
then I had bananas another way so then I
was like alright
umm I think would go and then I went
toward the door and I'd what was I
saying
he was like all right Oh slightly rickey
dillion like fucking though living
sleepy old tired as a living he's like
Ricky Dillon slay I was like I think I
was mid dream like legit I'm like and I
told him that's why I got Diwali I'm
like this needs to be a blog because he
literally said he's like a rickey
dillion slay you're like wait what you
know drew stalks into sleep creepy like
hardcore like I woke he was in weird the
same hotel room in New York middle and I
heard Shane I was like Drew and you go
it's so big
I said what what and then cuz it's just
so big
is it drew what are you talking about
you mean like he's a Yi so big and like
would stop so in the next morning what
the fuck was that he's a good heaven
like you were saying so big he's like
what he told me was he's like oh my god
a sleep talk like he actually under the
next night same thing but something else
was it like a wet dream probably I mean
that seems very like here's the virgin
is so big I think he's like watch your
penis
if he says Shane and then you started it
with that and you like it's so big I'm
like wait what a man I just everything
makes sense now mmm through my toe cold
we on to you I love it hashtag shrew
know why is she trying really has to
know true hashtag casting change this
has been an epic blog by the way this is
I think like it's like she and train
blog honestly though living for the
classic train vlog
I mean choo choo obviously though
classic and get my legs an official look
how skinny we like my legs out of the
shot okay you know to keep it up off my
wit
you know what I keep it up okay you know
never to go down there you know guru
gossip is going to screencap that leg
they know my legs are thick I like your
thinking I'm okay with it
literally 2:00 a.m. but I thought we
ended this okay bye
what are we doing okay you're in it the
closer I get to the camera the more I
look like you oh that looks like you
know both watch ouch
wait okay wait say I hear it say um I
love you fishies ready set waking up
that way is it say say hey wait man
digging Roger that way okay I want to
say hi to Rick Moranis and until next
time how my kisses for my little baby
fishies
bye guys my tip legs so yeah cam holy
shit is your brother okay
like Jared's vlogs are awesome I know
the return of two fins
haha pimply wimp and Jared get on that
time you're stuck why are you an
Illuminati symbol on your fame why I got
these sunglasses cuz bunny was talking
bottom buddy was talking about you nips
I got um and then that's like lumen
anything on it is she in the Illuminati
Bell shame you're gonna watch this your
place Jason doesn't drink eats candy and
the Illuminati funny in the Illuminati
no bunny and lumen funny audio what's
happening dude was it was no first of
all I ate no legs I ate I ate two jars
of your weird fan cupcake jars she has
these cupcake jars or like these fancy
little jars of cupcakes
and I love he's really good and then
I'll say were these from you I don't
listen fan sent him the mail and I'm
like you're I'm eating like I'm some
fucking dude in Alabama eat my cupcake
jars Trisha they were cute little
sisters they were cute well they were
good but now maybe I got dropped I mean
maybe you are a speaking drug look at
the background behind you why does that
look blurry
oh it's cuz I was bleeding on it no oh
your presents cuz I was being you oh
maybe you are though because you're
being crazy right now don't feel right
are you okay you want to like sleep on
the couch I think I really you shouldn't
drive I'm gonna die stop don't say that
I think my brain hurts you know what it
is the diet coke I started it again I
know you think I've been doing so kind
of Pizza dico dico k-- and i enabled it
somebody Abba died coke is like a head
cook but earlier Jake he's like I'm off
the diet coke it was really good what
does guru gossip gonna say about this
one they're gonna take Shane's on drugs
fat legs huge fat huge fat legs
Freddie's gonna say you're on drugs
freelee's definitely know freely knows
I'm on drugs Feelies gonna say this is
what happens shiny you drunk coke
Chinese when you should be drinking
banana shake thirty minute of the day
though okay first of all freely you
don't need the red even hesitate that's
not possible
thirty minutes a day we're gonna do that
for a challenge we're gonna eat 31
really challenge us really challenge
that let's see be 30 bananas on camera
really like just iam all no cuts okay
one big one spit can hey 30 banana is
not physically possible
eating 30 bananas oh my god your stomach
your stomach couldn't even take that my
stomach can only take two jars of
cupcakes and Oreos and Hershey let's not
talk about you know what this whole week
I didn't eat anything
wait what yeah I didn't eat this week oh
my god in a Rexach though I'm on the
freely diet
I'm not eating well she eats bananas you
shouldn't eat bananas I was on a diet
this week too No
freely needs to come to LA and then we
do a lab collab with her she's literally
on a plane she's I'm their shiny I see
you need a nose it's a long ride
bananas each other I would never want to
meet freely because I feel like it would
be the worst match.com date ever where
you're all scared and then when you see
each other she's instantly be like oh
you look fat no sir no she would
actually love you but you look horrible
person and I'd be like oh sorry freely
yeah yeah we're ready the two fingers
though I couldn't even she make you look
fatter in person everyone always tells
me that cuz I do the angles look husky
no I think she think you look skinnier
there's a very sweet I gotta just eat
bananas freely if you're coming over
give us 18 hours I can just binge on
bananas do you think she does like in
her life just poop out bananas all day I
love it's my life I wish judges life
though okay do you think her boyfriend
she married no yeah no she the boyfriend
you think they play around with bananas
oh for sure likes to come in the ass
like peeled around peeled my peel Bobby
that's word it's mush then you tell us
really make a video response telling us
how you who's been hated what's the
kinkiest way you've used a banana oh
yeah oh that's what her video is gonna
be called sex with bananas mom did you
like five bananas in a row you see the
okra nice yet is because think bananas -
oh this is yeah he calls I won't bananas
and I don't know why he's like hi
bananas he does freely there's a
connection there this is 12 minutes are
you set this whole thing we're gonna be
excited this is a train vlog probably
it's gonna be 45 minutes you excited
longtree are you gonna watch all me yeah
I don't watch the vlogs if I'm in it I
feel uncomfortable I hate that I wash i
watch your vlogs
I don't want if I'm in I feel
weird about it because I judge myself
I'm like I'm not funny my legs are fat
its hair back flaps on the waist up on
Drake bone from the waist down I'm Josh
Peck Oh Josh what's hotter now I'm not
hermano Oh like back in the Drake & Josh
days I would want to be jokbal either I
mean really flattering angle no it's
really good really awesome okay well
anyways that's a lot thank you for
staying in extra 12 minutes he's like
literally dying to go and then it makes
it look like we'll just end this vlog
ready okay you're gonna say it
all right guys um I'm going down so
Jerry Scheff like boobs okay yeah I'm
getting to my spot oh it's still
recording see guys when the vlog is over
we still nice to each other but are we
though okay good it's off now my god
Oh
