morning guys it is the gloomiest amber
and i have sunglasses on because i had a
real life hangover moment this morning
so last night I went out to dinner with
kale and I just like drink too much
threw up everywhere it was just a bad
rough date yesterday and thinking that
you know celebratory that my viral video
is going to be done and out today oh my
gosh it was just one thing after the
other we didn't get the actual file
since 10 o'clock last night I tried to
download it like three times and my
internet is so slow it takes like
literally at like 2 hours to attend
download each time and we'll get to the
very end and it would just stop
downloading and he couldn't download on
his end so now I'm like rushing I'm
going to try and go to his place I gonna
try and set it to Dropbox and if not the
producer and editor are gonna just bring
over the hard drive fingers crossed we
get this
I'm just any food first out my stomach
oh here we go guys of course when I'm
rushing there's like just a thousand red
lights in traffic it's wonderful yeah
but the whole issue is is like it's such
a big file and I think they just like
compressed it differently I don't I
don't really know it just there's just a
lot of things going against me but
luckily kale has fast internet so I'm
gonna go over there and use that side no
I'm getting some food at McDonald's and
you know what it's sick so sad to me
like I'm thinking like oh my god they're
gonna judge me if I get McDonald's
overrated on camera but then I'm like
who the fuck cares if you guys know how
incredibly weird it is a little tell
someone that they're gaining weight or
they look fatter than they did two years
ago like someone's like oh just gained
so much way in the past year you guys
don't even know stuff I've gone through
just with my health like you know you
don't know anyone's story of why they're
gaining weight what's happening you know
when
you don't know that person was a fucking
shooting up on heroin or snorting coke
today skinny or not eating you know what
I mean like maybe they're they're
healthier now because they they're able
to finally just eat and be normal like
you don't even mean like it's just it's
so fucking rude and it's just like for
me it's like whatever because I mean I
hear it so much that honestly like the
word like Oh fair she's obese like it
honestly like means nothing to me at
this point but it's still fucking rude I
just I'm always just perplexed I hold up
and get over it I am safe now in the
McDonald's parking era drive-through for
steaks forever in the morning I've
totally forgot about how busy McDonald's
breakfast are they're just like the
busiest um but yeah I think you guys you
know here's the thing like okay call me
if I can Opie's tell me I've gained
weight whatever you want to say I just
don't understand the point of it like I
just I don't okay I mean if they can
make a joke like once or twice or
whatever but like take it like
constantly just beat someone down about
something that clearly they have an
issue with I mean it's not it's not a
secret that I always struggled with
doing it my satuay look okay my health
my eating like it's like it's a clear
struggle for me so it's like I don't I
just don't I don't understand like like
I said them people be like oh well Trish
can say it but not to shit out yeah I'll
see like a mean joke like I did the Kim
Kardashian video like where everyone's
calling her Shamu and she is pregnant it
was like one joke and it's like Kim
Kardashian's nowhere near fat you don't
need me but to say to someone obviously
struggles I don't know it's just it BA
it does bother me and on the bottom we
sense where it's like oh my god I'm
never going to eat because I used to be
what happened to me in school like I
just refused to eat lunch I refuse to
eat meals because I just needed to be
skinny but it's like so it does I'm
saying it doesn't affect me in that way
whereas like mentally I think I'm like
I'm disgusting cuz someone time me I'm
disgusting on the internet but it's just
this is just a fucked up thing that we
do and I think to just it happens to
like regular people and just like really
harsh and you know I I just I don't know
I don't I just don't understand this
whole about whole thing it's just it's
just like fucking rude they're like oh
she's gotten so big like fuck you you
don't know anything I've been through or
what I'm doing you know or what changes
I've had to make in my life for the
better
um
yeah I don't know anyways that's like
this whole rant there six the biggest
line I mean because you can see it but
there's like a huge line behind me just
like for me this place isn't sitting um
yeah I got egg McMuffin and a hash brown
I got a so caught you guys so why don't
I just you know what I haven't been
drunk in a long time
look at my eyes let's just pick these
off like tired just I look like crazy so
real-life hangover right here um okay
guys let's have positive vibes
I'm putting positive vibes out there now
because I'm having I see this hopefully
my video will have been up but they're
not positive vibes that we are going to
get this done today a problem with
having deadlines I promise you guys 17th
my gosh I'm gonna give you a 17th
success we got it up we got it uploaded
downloaded all the loaded and it is up
I'm just sitting here I feel like this
is about as close as I can get to heaven
at this moment because sitting here and
watching viral video I'm also responding
to y'all's comments down here viral
video it's still stuck at 301 I always
love it I always get so excited loves it
so much is beauty lover 674 thank you so
much so I love responding you guys are
giving me so much love and positivity
and I'm sorry we have chocolate cuz I'm
also eating umm brownie brittle which is
just it's just gonna be the death of me
and I'm just I'm okay with that I've
come to terms that this will be the
death of me
chillin saw Kelly calm my fears we were
having issues too with the music at the
EM I rarely put music in my videos
because there's always like copyright
issues and I never know how to deal with
them but kill just took it like a champ
was it like like it automatically they
could text music and I think it thinks
that I'm like copywriting or like
stealing it or something but we totally
bought rights to it and so we got that
figured out it was just a bank I was
just like nervous because we weren't
able to watch it on their phones oh my
god it's happening but we figured it all
out and it's all really good and my
facebook is blowing up Facebook and
Twitter
uh I just I love an egg you love it okay
I got a respond and then I was like
responding to you guys on Instagram - I
just did a selfie on Instagram asking
you guys to tag me in it if you're
watching a viral video and I did my
little selfie earth so yeah that's me no
oh my god I love this so much you guys I
just I love it somewhat know but
seriously if I'm like about my heart
like seriously like thank you guys I I
don't think I don't even think that you
guys can possibly understand like the
importance that you have on my life
because it's if you guys don't deem me
entertaining to watch
then nobody watches but the fact that
you guys do is just it means so much to
me and sometimes you like feel pressure
like oh my god we're entertaining enough
but at the end of the day like this
channel this church's life channel like
gets the same amount of uses my main
channel so it's like you guys are okay
with me just being me and boring
quote-unquote boring I don't know what
it is I'm really really lucky and I'm
thankful and I don't understand how I
can have people online be so sweet to me
and nice to me want to be my friend but
people in real life don't I don't know
maybe there's something wrong with me I
don't know what it is I feel like you
guys see the whole full picture Trish on
here I feel like I feel like you see it
all so I don't know I just I want to
thank you guys and I'm gonna get like a
motion I'm like already getting
emotional cuz I'm just leaving so many
nice comments which is rare for me I get
a lot of I get a lot of heat I have a
bra that fits today by the way y'all
should be very happy flash in the flash
in the little boob flash and a little
tit
we're all sexy um anyways psyche jack uh
no like I just I'm just overwhelmed with
like the love and positivity and I want
to keep doing more of these videos so
you guys I want to do the regular ones
to rest in front my couch and talk about
beauty products I love doing that but I
love doing this - it's fun to change it
up and I think you guys are liking it
I'm just so so thankful I'm so thankful
and grateful that you're liking it
you're watching it you guys are like
thanks for this Trisha it was so good
but it's like that's like my things -
you guys like just for watching I want
to keep minard else I just want to keep
you all entertained and I wish we could
all be in my bed with me now p.m.
brownie griddle by the way
this tastes like insurance gonna be my
favorite cause it's like my fourth bag
it tastes like brownie crumbs and a
little proper really really them hello
you guys so much um oh I don't end this
do I'm I don't know I don't know what
I'm almost doing J I'm like really just
planning on sitting here answering all
your comments was I just love you more
than words can say so I'm gonna die yep
but we shall see everyone's happy with
it Cael who directed that loves it
Richard who is my pussy color love is
that everyone is just I'm just getting
so many awesome tweets from people
youtubers Jason Horton uh well I just
put it up but Shane emailed me about the
trailer um what you guys don't know um
first of all brownie brownie on my tab
come on brownie if you guys don't know
every youtuber does horror shorts like
ones like oh my god she's trying to
bully whatever like they think I'm like
copying someone blackboxtv did it uh you
know strawberry seventeen Joey Graceffa
I mean but the original and I'm copying
anyone the og who gave me this
inspiration is Shane Dawson I am was for
like a minute there I was like or like
on a kick of watching his old videos
cause like I only started watching him
like a year like religiously like a year
ago maybe um like every video so I was
like going back to some of his old
videos on his main channel just to kind
of see like I don't know I just do that
I just go to the peoples old videos
custom cycle but I would keep his
friends for everyone which I had never
seen before and I remember and I
remember telling him this when I saw
because this was back in like July I'm
like or maybe August I was just like
Shane that was like so fucking good like
how did you do that
and Shane totally told me like the
process of like how it's done like get a
producer they'll find you your locations
I'll get you your perfectly he'd like he
like mapped out for me his little
YouTube success and I just was so
motivated and inspired and thankful and
grateful for that because he totally
motivates me so a lot of people oh she's
just trying to like be like Shane with
his movie one change in a fuckin feature
film that was on reality shows and in
theaters like that's like a whole other
level I'm I would say if anything I was
inspired definitely by his friends
forever because it's something that I
was like that looks like so much fun and
it would just gave great quality to his
Chi
so I wanted to do and I love doing this
and I love everybody for everyone's
support you tubers followers alike
friends like Kayla someone I've known
for a very long time and it's just very
fortunate that he's in this field and
there is a story of how we met it's like
crazy and weird and had nothing to do
with entertainment whatsoever and then
we kind of just reconnected I literally
met him when I was like 18
and then we've always just intertwined
our paths kept crossing so it was okay
I'm gonna like read some of these
comments and like stop babbling and like
I just um I brought my mouth but oh my
god you guys oh my god I really love you
I love you I didn't love you
I just frickin love you guys so much I
just I just don't hug you guys I just
want to like I don't even like to do
another meet up I think I'd get so
emotional you'll see it you'll see how
high the scenes even some of the people
we hired as actors as fishies were like
actual people who watched my videos and
it honestly overwhelmed me I was just
like wait what like I was just I love
you guys that's what I'm trying to say
and I just oh my god I just I decided
what a guy again I'm gonna write I love
you guys so much and I want to thank you
guys so much for watching and I don't
want to end this why do I keep trying to
add this okay see you guys soon ah you
guys I have been responding and reading
comments literally on Instagram Twitter
YouTube Facebook for the last what is it
five hours now it is just about two
o'clock and bra has come off so I'm
trying to keep this above here um but
I'm just responding to comments this
girl Ashley Schubert said as brightly
enough held the movie had a very erotic
body um well I just know anything about
me no I'm into a little bit of the whole
fake rape torture bondage scene sort of
thing no uh
it was I don't know why I mean it's me
what do you expect I'm on sexual
creature I
I wanted it to be scary vadoma watch you
guys whenever I watch scary movies like
hostile to or even the ones that Richard
Grieco isn't okay so kind of like a long
story short Rico like I used to watch
him in Lifetime movies all the time he
did a bunch called almost called like
sin of redemption where he like raped a
girl and got her pregnant and ended up
marrying her and then another one where
he is obsessed with this girl and her
daughter and ended up like putting her
whole family the basement like really
weird movies like that is what I knew
him from because obviously he's like
known for like 21 Jump Street um but it
was that was a little bit before it has
188 so I was really young as an 8 when
he used to do Lifetime movies and it
always like really scared me but I was I
thought I'm still hot in those roles but
like a lot of different movies like that
I always just found like killers to be
like hot and like stalk I'm like weird I
don't I don't know what my problem is I
have problems I have issues but um yeah
so yeah this is pretty cool I'm just
kind of reading I'm just responding to
comments this one says mummy of three UK
the acting and fellows pressure not
anything was good - will there be a part
two so I'm just like responding the
comments I'm just you know really
showing my appreciation because I just I
feel like so lucky to have even done
this film to have even gotten to make it
it's like so cool it's fun it's fun to
get to create my own content I got
flowers got flowers from someone special
they're pretty fall flowers - I'm
nervous
um so just doing that yawn I don't know
like I said I'm doing any tight um but
you know I'm okay I love just kind of
like chillin watch you guys I love
chillin on party nights no one everyone
else is out like getting drunk always
the money I like to just chill with my
peeps here on YouTube and Twitter mm uh
peeps
I mean you so anyways I'm gonna get back
to answering comments but that I check
in and to say thank you once again okay
baby fishies don't ever say mama don't
love you you guys it is now 6:30 623
p.m. I have honestly been commenting for
the past ten hours on viral video and
it's so worth it I loved it and I was
like I need to become a normal person
today it's a prosthetic like in this
trans like Internet mania
so I was tweeting because I was tweeting
all day I treated Shauna and I was like
I miss you coz someone's like you and
Shauna never get together and it's
retweeted ur Isaac girl we need to get
together cuz I love her more than life
we just are always so busy and not
connecting so she texted me she won't
want tonight girl I was like yeah I was
playing I'm just like staying in and
like chillin and just like God like
answer comments whoops I need to eat I
need to like have some sort of social
interaction besides kale this morning
and kale in general because we've been
spending a lot of time together which I
love him to death but it's good to have
a couple days off from each other I
think um but I love him I would totally
if like it I love him that was in any
shape but I'm just tired and exhausted
but it's gonna be good so I got so I got
kind of dressed I put like jeans on sort
of make it like dressed but yeah I'm
just tweeting anyways they're just
loving it and I'm just like I just don't
even know you guys are so sweet to me I
don't even know what I did - did it
I don't even know oh my god I don't even
know what I did to deserve love and just
love and just light and support I don't
know what I did but I love you guys
maybe she's here it's weird okay maybe
not she was lost I should call her
my bad friend I'm good I love you guys
so much oh my gosh I love you guys thank
you guys so much for just being awesome
and supporting this if you haven't seen
viral video go see it we're at 70,000
views and it's only been what's been 10
hours 70,000 views and $10 is amazing
you guys are loving this and I am so
ready to start a next big project like
this I still of course I'm going to do
my little videos where I sit and talk to
you guys but I just got these and I love
your inspiration and motivation you're
inspiring me I love it so yeah I get
some food and see how it goes hey guys
so it is two o'clock in the morning I
was so tired I had a good dinner with
Shawna but I'm beat so so tired um I
haven't even read the comments and it
makes me so sad but I saw some of them
and I'm going to respond to more in the
morning but I love you guys so much I
should be up at 5 in the morning
no I drew up in five hours but yeah 7:00
in the morning I need to get some sleep
but I wanted to say bye because it makes
me sad when I don't say buys my blogs I
haven't ended and it makes me really sad
that I don't say give my kisses to my
fishy so I want to say
Marisa's not good lighting how to write
more anis and it's not something look at
that Matt why Matt okay
