hey everyone so we are going through a
car wash
it is Saturday over with your car wash
and we're gonna go to three of my
favorite themes shop eat and meet with
cute boys so I'm
in a storm I love
who's calling
oh that's we're gonna go meet for lunch
hello
I don't know the difference okay that
was Cal he was at the wrong mom plastic
camp um so yes we're gonna go see Cal
and blogger nah I think he was mine the
blogging I think he's getting used to
the vlogging I do it and I'm like okay
he'll be like I want to be on your blog
so I'm gonna vlog Channel okay so I'm
just gonna plug myself and then I'll
like talk and one of you part of the
vlog I'm gonna get to like you so I'll
see if he wants to be part of the vlog
but you know we're just gonna spend
spend a Saturday together and I look a
mess I did not put any effort I just
this week has been just make up upon
makeup on my face and just nice to have
it breathe so yeah so we're gonna go to
a mall and gonna go okay so we made it
to the mom and we're at these days which
is really exciting because I love these
kind of places like chain restaurants
you guys know that so my friend likes to
eat at bougie places so I was happy that
he went he was okay with me J's so we're
here it's not bougie he's from Beverly
Hills
so I'm sorry he had to come out to the
ghetto yeah but you live in pretentious
9:02 oh no are you going camera today or
no you don't think I don't know what
your situations happening over there are
you though
I said I'm like you might not wanna be
on camera today but I have to be on
camera cuz I love it I can't get enough
of it oh my god I run things like Riley
Cooper I think he looks like Dog the
Bounty Hunter
just kidding everyone tells me I was
like his wife so that's why she's so
Camping's I think a leader said everyone
tells me on the internet I was like
fucking bounty hunters ye from my thing
so awesome don't know y'all are so
stupid that so he actually ordered like
he's really fattening being like fuckin
in an arch like poppers like burgers I'm
like what the fuck you think mozzarella
sticks are kind of healthy a microwave
ones who are you I'm a GMO let's freak
you know like artichokes and fuckin
jalapeno burgers
I didn't just hey trying to balance out
I told him he could he could get a
little fatter but he likes to be skinny
and that's all that matters if he likes
it then that's good so we're now he's
doing stuff and I'm gonna look at the
menu and myself I know but you're TV
forever me yes I grew no PJ's all the
time I'm gonna get a Sherman
you're so gross anyway yes yeah look
better hurry up buddy so we can watch
because we got a we had a rough cut of
our video today let's hurry up and get
out of here I was like you're going to
save you 25 minutes to purgatory by the
way are we just here at BJ's gave me a
tip run she got too long she found it
for me look at music a fucking grown man
he's like covering his face over a
period of people they always know when
I'm on my period I always tell them I
just got it today they told you I don't
like you're having to go to Target to
give me tampons and he was going to but
then our waitress was like ah bitches so
I'm just like I'm not for you why why
don't guys like to buy tampons what's
the big deal we have to buy condoms as
girls I'm always buying condoms they're
like go get some condoms I'm like okay
yeah can I get you to go to settle that
with me next time I'm like so what's the
problem buying for any difference it's
just a Barrett because why why isn't
embarrassing every girl has a fuckin
menstrual cycle are you standing in line
and every all the hot girls behind you
go he's taken you are taken by me so bad
that everybody don't nobody can poach my
kale I think it makes you look like a
stud because you're buying tampons for
your woman and your didn't play they're
like oh that guy that's a big guy the
other girls will just be jealous so they
call guys if you're really in love do it
yes you do my first boyfriend I was in
love with if he bought me time on all
the time because he was a real man and
he didn't care what people thought of
him anyways I know my period so that's
why I was craving these foods I'm not
pregnant one things that a gateway I'm
pregnant I'm just that's it so whatever
exactly whatever
Kant wants to go shopping he's such a
girl he's like I need sunglasses and
shoes I'm like oh my god I might like
the man in this relationship I think
they have a three layer candle
I lost him they had a three-layer candle
in there and it has all three of my
favorite scents I never liked you for it
everywhere it's called the we love all
three layered candle and the sweater
weather cinnamon pumpkin and pumpkin
apple I was really cool oh so we got new
sunglasses kills behind me because I
obviously I drove and met him but we're
gonna go back to my house but he got new
glasses and they look so fucking hot I
picked them out he one of my opinion on
sunglasses I ended up getting these he's
on first hachi but he wanted something
totally different
I kind of talked him into the ones he
got because everyone tells me feel safe
Riley Cooper so like no the other
fucking Bradley Cooper glasses people
are gonna think you look just like them
so when we get back and we're sure it's
glasses so we're back and oh my gosh
look who's on my couch it's Bradley
Cooper though look at that you guys love
it do you love him oh yeah yeah great I
picked him out they're amazing they're
so cool they like Riley Cooper now from
hangover I think it broke wa cool like
Phil Phil wasn't even hangover and the
guys like am i cool like Phil and he's
like just like them who's that here's a
hangover he's he just fell in the
hangover hmm and Zach Alvarez wants to
be like him so he wears the glasses he's
like in my kool-aid Phil he's like yeah
you're cool mm-hmm anyway so we're gonna
watch the film for the first time I were
both really nervous and I could take off
my glass not when that's gonna be great
nervous well
