hey guys so filming is officially
wrapped io just went over to look over
some edits or to look over or talk to
the editors who are editing it because I
hired actual editors to make this like
really really cool and really really
awesome for you guys so I just thought
back and read that and I gots me in the
mail that was really cool I want to show
you guys I bought these on that seemed
like Humphrey can cure these little
cupcakes in a jar no I was looking up
Halloween stuff on Etsy I found these
and I was like I need that my normal guy
go crazy sometimes and then I got like a
little red velvet when they like
different flavors um it's my sweet sweet
sisters bake calm I literally just like
ran with on the melon like discount
codes or I don't know them or anything
I'm just like blah blah but see I don't
they were super cute and then this I got
from CVS everyone was asking me well
like they're it's cool because it looks
like a little time travel type right and
it shows pumpkin potion and I want in
streams like where you get them I just
got my CVS which is just like a pharmacy
but I do a Halloween favorites just
because I have so many I didn't go all
out this season for fall and Halloween
just because um just really just been
busy so I really haven't had time but
yeah so I'm not doing much else today
try not to chew gum because I know guys
find that really obnoxious I am an
obnoxious come to where I like I didn't
allow but yeah I think I'm getting
addicted to plastic surgery guys um I do
hope my email is down but everyone tells
me I'm so crazy I probably want to do it
just because I'm so scared of the pain
but I just want a little bit more my lip
is that bad is that bad it's why bad
here's why like no Tricia don't do it
and I totally love you guys for loving
me as I am but I don't know I just kind
of won uh her lips I'm getting a little
dick did so doesn't run due today so
we'll see how close we were a time to
take you guys and I'm always really
nervous I like freaked out beforehand
even though last time it was like a
breeze but you just never known same
person I'm going to see this absolutely
she goes my new fall bag it is a Reagan
bone bag I've never heard of brave my
sister's like no Reagan bones like
really cute and like good um I never
heard of the brand I just really liked
the bag are you proud of me that I
didn't pick up a bag just because it's a
brand name wall
I guess my sister to me it's a brandy
but I don't know the Moran I thought it
was like a cute bag I'll I said it's big
and you can just like throw stuff in
it's a little bit structured a little
bit flimsy so
Roger that okay I don't know if that was
exciting
I don't know today's gonna be exciting
but I want you to block the live login
okay I'm starting to chomp that gum and
that's live awesome stop recording yes
I'm in the doctor's office waiting get
my lips done this one before
it's only been two months out but I get
some more injections no--what yes I have
another friend for mutual support today
I brought to you last time to have a
different friend today moral support
just moral support
and um so this is before breast cancer
bracelets up there but I want to get I
think that's really cool like a good
donation might pick it up bracelet yeah
my friend thinks this is like blue sheen
cuz of the water I'll show you guys it's
not a Newport whole cosmetic care nickel
TT so now that knowing I look I wanted
to syringes but she thought you two
already filter nothing and it's like it
over one in it
I want to syringes did you say I just
want mmm
then so funny so we're Han damn it is
the price of you shake lozen kiss a
drawl I guess I could do the little
nervous but I feel like oh y'all good
hey guys are you ready to see my lips
Oh first name whether I allowed to say
who you were no man I just drove you
don't kill ground
Calgary I'm on Instagram driving me he's
like don't go too big but these are just
swollen you guys don't freak out ones
like Treasury gonna like ruin your face
or going crazy but I love my wish they
would stay this big I like him um
shout-out to her name's Kat cuz people
asked me last time I said it was
cosmetic care in Newport Beach um
awesome nice high space I Bayside I give
you the address below but cosmetic here
in Newport Beach across from Bayside
South shopping center and somebody told
me ya know somebody behind me it's art
why when we turn okay um her name is Kat
and she is amazing and I love her and
she said like it just does not hurt like
I had cry over like like a shot like you
know it's like a prick for blood and
there's just a hurt she feel great
so this my new lips I can't I see Bella
mom it's been a lady okay
here so I decided to show you and yes
kale Graham drove me amazing this here
oh yeah I was just saying I was like
could you draw me and I thought oh my
god that's so cool and he's like you're
amazing I said no you're amazing and I'm
like we're all amazing but I meant not
all of us in this world just all of us
in this car and Kells like that's vlog
where the as like that is true because
that's true that everyone is well as
amazing but you're probably amazing I'm
amazing kills amazing but not everyone
is so anyways we're gonna go look for
some food cuz it's like rush hour but it
is video driven me as like the nicest
person ever okay guys I found the
address it is cosmetic hair at 11:01
base I Drive in Newport Beach California
and the phone number is nine four nine
seven one eight sixty nine hundred and
the girl who does mine is named cat and
um yeah I don't like give her a shout
out she just does a really really good
job like I said these are swollen eyes
are swollen and they go down and guys
have seen how they go down after a few
days um but I liked him big eye like I'm
gonna want him to look fake but she does
really natural ones too just I should
so yeah we're going to go eat but ah
this stuff is a big deer does really it
looks so pretty
take the natural just
