I'm sorry what it's gonna be called
viral video yeah and where's that maybe
they have something is the name of the
film
no oh my name in the film is Trisha yeah
thanks you made me feel so much better I
feel like so much more relaxed now like
yeah what is your time you know
everything just works together seriously
it feels like everything has time
yeah and when there's our time you'd
know it you feel it that is true when
you just know something you know I'm
really excited about it okay Tamara
so you said this yeah that's quite a
girl it's true that what we have yes
that is soaked is that what you do in
the morning look at yourself buddy say
this is your time talk to yourself
because know that you have to Percy all
right yeah the one that is talking yeah
so the one that is in a mirror just
external and the one that is talking is
the rear yeah and you should say this is
what's really happening yeah I kind of
love that pump get pumped up about it
it's gonna be a long day - it's gonna be
like a 12-hour day yeah see how it goes
Dateline filming using the tripod won't
be beautiful clothes for lunch but let's
get it now sooner the better
look it's my camera filming day one okay
so we are on set right now I don't know
if some guys saw that but like I'm using
my vlogging cameras no crap but if we
show you this really cool studio has all
these locations and we just shall have
this book signing a scene and I'm in my
little may mermaid outfit cause all you
little fishies they're not actual
fishies they're actors but how cool
thirty seemed like a five-minute break
I'm like wandering off in the camera but
look how cool that is
we're grading the basement downstairs oh
my god how shiny -
a lot my face too when I get down there
yeah there's like fly is everywhere a
little compact looks super is justic
like I'm just staring at myself but you
can flip it so that I'm you can like I
can look at you guys
it's a cannon yeah when I'm like filming
it's not filming but I love it it's
wide-angle to zoomin see everything you
know like scene 1 the book signing so
we're leaving the book signing area so
funny because I was blogging in the
actual thing so they're gonna wrap up
here and we're gonna go on to shop two
of the day thank you the green room
we're gonna do a little okay what would
I deal with all my he's even you crazy
one which I love so it's too much
distance between
here here I'm just trying to find it on
anyone like thanks shot - horror film
okay yeah here we go immersing us can
you do that yeah here we go
and look what what I do out make
machines including be crazy ones the
crazy ones made me stronger
you're rolling on hey what's going on in
the blog maybe get some money rolling on
this one he's rolling she's all in on
her vlog camera it was my name is camera
you think you think it's rolling okay
he's already there we go really I don't
know where apparently you're gonna be
titled Peter you're gonna be tagged more
like my face or did you see all right
well let's look at it one more time oh
yeah hey I think if you're kind of
pattern to screen pass to you fine right
here just gonna get low pull the legwork
yeah everybody very quiet for Bishop
please let's lock it up we're not
rolling here are we we are basically
rolling okay
yeah here we go okay uh what would I do
without mommy little fishies
especially you crazy ones I don't know
what I'd do without you
but you make me stronger
hey guys so I did not I'm so mad at
myself
I didn't realize my vlogging camera was
gonna be the actual prop not just for
one scene but throughout the whole movie
it's like a whole theme in the movie a
short film YouTube video whatever you
wanna call it so the battery ran low
really quick some bringing backup
battery tomorrow and I um I'm going to
try to vlog more on day two but that was
state one of filming this horror short
and it just so fun if you guys don't
know who Richard Grieco is he is from 21
Jump Street a night at the Roxbury and a
million like pay movies that I watched
as a kid so it's like a dream come true
to be able to work with him and he has
so sexy my opinion plays I think it's a
blog much but he's amazing and sweet and
wonderful and I'm so so lucky and
worship that he isn't sure it's I can't
wait for you guys to see it and DT will
be tomorrow I'm wearing the sexy shirt
and get at reception but anyways I'm
fine is like eat something I could sand
wet check why you pillars no sonic
sandwiches what P were serves you go veg
out for a minute and go to bag cuz I get
up tomorrow at 5 a.m. and do it all over
again so I will see you guys in the
morning and selects oh hi to Rick
Moranis anything Lex I'm here I guess
he's for a little baby 30 hi guys
