it is a hot one and I don't know why I'm
in pant I'm gonna fall outfit but it is
hot here today that's I'd really wanted
time to change my why don't you guys
have new bedroom print ignore the
laundry I got more furniture there's my
there's my chest of drawers and then
over here there's my nightstand and then
well I think you I saw that but I moved
that over there
and my new TV stand so I kind of love it
I want to show you guys it looks a
little more like a bedroom now I still
got to put some art because I took all
my art down from my old bedroom and yeah
I don't know what kind of art I don't
know if I should put something above my
nightstand but this thing trying to
figure it all out because it still kind
of looks a little plain for me so if you
guys have suggestions let me know but I
need to powder my face and get going cuz
my appointments in like 20 minutes I'm
getting my hair done so if you're like
wise your hair's like a mess that's why
and I'm really really pale getting a
spray tan tomorrow or the next day so
hurry up and wait again gosh I never do
anything and then when I have stuff to
do is like I have a million things to do
but that's okay I can't complain even
though I just did okay so this is just
the before a couple of this awkward shot
I don't know I just want to show you
guys the difference
I thought unusual on Instagram I saw her
do a lot of blonde hair so I was really
confident that she would do awesome so
um as you can see these are kind of just
placed sporadically I have some gray
tones a little uneven tone so I just
came to her to kind of even out my
blonde and make it more of a true
bombshell blonde and this is the after
so there is the after so I went with 20
inch extensions and she just placed them
a little higher and of course you did
sort of a balayage of blonde to make it
a little more bombshell so that's the
after
that was so long you guys I'm so tired
it is literally this is literally 10:38
can I see that
10:38 I'm so tired and I'm so glad I
love my hair but oh my gosh I am so
tired and I have to be up early tomorrow
because me and JEP are doing something
so I was gonna go out to dinner tonight
with a friend and that just all did not
work out but it's totally fine so what
he is think I'm a hair do we like it
that it's back to more platinum or white
and I'll probably a lot of you would
love to see me go Brown especially in
the fall but I just feel like this is
more me and I love it
so anyways I'm driving home I am so
tired I was getting so hungry in there
cuz I haven't eaten all day but honestly
at this point I'm just like to entire to
eat so I'm just gonna go which is good
it's fine I'm just gonna go and like
collapse in my bed and um yeah I love
you so much I wanna see Haider at
marinas and until next time homework at
school okay
