okay so I just take Cal he's so excited
he's getting home this is like a shout
out running the light there it is there
it is
guys look at you guys here it is
you guys put it on the camera on there
oh my gosh who did me ending well I'm
just like looking at that it's like a
little ticker tape sensory over no
creepy icon creepy that's my affection
towards them that's it look at all the
fishies literally everything reposted
picture right there it's so funny well
this happens to her every time oh thank
you I don't know if it probably but
thank you thank you um so they want to
know are you my personal trainer my
boyfriend or my producing partner are
you gonna reveal it I think you
shouldn't reveal it I think we should
just keep it a secret and more will be
able to feel if you guys want to know
how we met request in the comments looks
I think it's a really funny story I feel
like we'd smell that story up one day we
will it's a really funny how are you bet
I've known him for like two and a half
years so me and not look like a weirdo
thank you I'm an alcoholic and he's
sober a couple there is there's little
fishies
there's fishies fishies
y'all like you should blog it that's why
I love him he's like you should blog I
know my idea
Celso smart he's the creative genius
behind every kidding look at that though
I'm getting pictures of can't even
picture the better Jenner ever seen
booties I mean he's a heck he's from the
south
I thought I'd show you guys that he was
so down
