and that's to start at this to vlog so
oh my god would you that start seeing
what happened delighted I feel violated
well let me just take over okay so I
basically had a hangover a moment and
last night my sister was too tired to go
out so I decided to go out by myself
dumb don't do that like dumb decision
number one
I got myself a drink I was going to do
some blackjack gambling in my when I was
like trying to find a table
supervisor this group came and asked me
if I wanted to go to marquee they need a
girl to help them get in I mean there
was a girl with them but then they had
more guys and girls whatever so I'm like
all right whatever and the girl was like
no it's totally legit it's fine we just
need a girl to get in and I'm like all
right but I probably won't stay long so
I got in and stayed there a few hours I
guess and then I realized that my phone
and my ID and my credit card was stolen
or I was just an idiot and lunch it on
the table scam we're still won though
because booyah Townsend stolen her
makeup wasn't stolen her perfume wasn't
stolen
oh yeah no so yeah lose it yeah so I was
an idiot they use your heart invest buy
and they use my card a Best Buy
so oh and then I tried to like mortgage
boredom no night clubs anymore don't do
and I clubs so anyways moral of the
story don't go out by yourself Magus
don't go with people you don't know I
just want a smart I literally I
literally just said fu to all like the
common sense that I had like it threw it
out the window right now basically I
just was so mean of course my sister
last night she's like crying
hysterically and I wanted to be there
for her somewhat comforting her but like
you're and in my head I'm just like you
are so much smarter than all of this and
just my sister's not like that she
doesn't go to clubs and I just like what
so when she went out by herself she said
she was going to go gamble into the barn
BBE and I'm like okay that's okay but
I tell you it was a stressful for me
because I woke up about 2:00 a.m. and
Kelly still wasn't in bed and then three
I'm a trying to texture are you okay
didn't deliver called it phones off it
was very scary is like a nightmare but
luckily it was just her phone and credit
card in license it wasn't anything bad
so I mean that is that like no but you
weren't like raped or anything like
that's what I'm thinking I'm like oh my
god where is she
like shout out to the security and
fucking Kosmos oh they had my back
literally walked me let me cry on his
like shoulder and walked me up to the
room to make sure I was okay he like
went to the cops here
happening because all days based on the
roof ptoo
which was scary to me and I was just
like I gotta call you're gonna find that
well yeah because well hotels they don't
sometimes we just don't care if they're
like oh this is my ID and I'm on the
room tell me what number it was I didn't
say I had to verify your phone number I
know but they did have your ID my sister
and that's what's scarier she was it was
like I mean she was on the reservation
right super off the reservation so he
invited us and in locked us in because I
didn't know what kind of people she was
with but anyways that was that my
sisters like let's go to breakfast I was
kind of like I'm already I was like in a
weird mood I was I got to show anyone
doing any more I rode this truck no you
didn't but then last I should turn to
her friend and shake he's like well you
had fun right --chips no I'm never
coming back I'm like okay I did like 20
took you on vacation here no I loved
this entire trip even last night it was
fun but I didn't say that you said oh I
have no fun a little it never hurt my
feelings it's like well I guess I'm not
gonna bring her bag I had so much fun
that's over going to the Sugar Factory
clearly all right chef actor again and
I'm are also being suffocated by
someone's cigarettes I know
how big this pump and I face oh no but I
totally had fun in Vegas totally had
hangover moment when they say what
happens here stays here apparently
Kylie's clearly yeah and my ID and
refreshing I pride entity my identity is
critic for boobies funny though right
is it though I'm glad you have a
something humor with me I would just be
all I'm a Bernard weird to lose than I
do so guys this I don't go out this way
don't this why I have no desire to but
no way that's the problem I did not
either I was just gonna play some
blackjack you know and then go back to
the room and then I just didn't work out
well what I didn't find probable trouble
friend - Oh ain't that the true so there
sugar back to Paris Thanks deja vu we're
living this Groundhog Day my mom now my
sister
don't you test me who the bronzer
playing look it up it now hoser play the
Ravens
and this trip
if you Dennison
Critias happy to be home
- to the champ
she's just used to it just like this is
dead
she's over it so much it's over
everything but she's just smiling little
type anyways go Browns
thanks for watching enjoy these biggest
ones
our greatest intellect
of age
