oh you guys how beautiful and setup is I
just got my hair literally just got it
washed and booked out as long as I'm
lazy but he says a lot of people
disapprove of the Hilson's right it was
so Christmasy
I feel really spirited today I got my
gingerbread purse and there's a capisce
oh these are so cute look at these shoes
punky it's so cute from your regular
choice I want you to get picking this
they're so pretty and then my sweatpants
and my sweatshirt from the wild dogs go
to work I feel really fat you and I've
been working out and feeling really
bloated than gross so pretty
I wish you had friends like
grace listen trying to a selfie oh wait
my car
Oh Christmas time one of the haughty
spirit I don't necessarily vote this
time I can you talk to myself for me
it's just normal at this place yeah you
guys look at Gigi he's a busted-ass
phone where is that if anyone thinks TT
has changed and she's bougie look at
that phone she is hanging on you've
changed your getting an iPhone on the
car on is it's so crazy like the amount
of brattiness that's come through your
screen on YouTube it's just it's getting
better okay how do I just it says
discharge its details it looks like
discharge and plucks
hey Paris Hilton post our video up on
her Instagram like a clip of the video
today and we got really excited about it
it was so much fun yeah I died I was
like wait did you post that and there
was like actually her Paris so hey we
want to be on The Simple Life I'll be
Nicole cuz she's a little chunky Gigi's
Paris because she's Paris literally so
pitch it to your local TV network we'll
come to Pittsburgh at so do you keep
saying wait can we have like a little
discussion yeah is Trisha Nicole or mi
parent babe what I feel like maybe if
you were to compare the two yes but
we're so different
no like I'm actually pair you are cuz
Nicole's the funny one and Paris is just
the pretty never think of honey now you
know I was great about it is that what
Nicole with in Paris yeah
you are just kidding no but like she was
I don't even just like them no I feel
like we're so different that we're gonna
cool to me really I don't feel like I'm
Paris to me I just because you're really
pretty and I'm just like a little light
chunk a crazy one I feel like that's the
Larry's you're chunky and crazy that was
pretty you don't know that you're pretty
no I do know I'm so you're gorgeous
I just know I like to be that chump too
crazy I think that's my branch right
okay clicky in a cry but I like to be
chunky crazy too
that might be my brain no you don't you
like I'm bloated you want to be skinny
that's your brand everyone want once
they're branded me something that it's
not you don't want to be chunky crazy
because then you could you would be done
crazy if you wanted to be your bougie
and you want to be chunky crazy and
you're not chunky crazy but I'm not I
can't say oh I'm gonna be Gigi's brand
today you are bougie skinny
I'm skinny legend yeah I mean that was
another thing don't tell me
Rep loose our doughnuts Manhattan Beach
not that we're going to copy across the
street so we're finishing up the
weekends
don't treat oh so cute I was walking out
so we just want to what's this
oh they have Blue Star moms and talking
about these Blue Star donuts for unlike
the best oh really
and here we are we got them and have
each one shopping about matching at
Britney's for his office which I'm very
excited about for our upcoming trips
we're going on vacations together in
December I don't think my mom will be
working December she's gonna be off the
whole time many girls day we went to
breakfast we got some what did I get
synchro doodle hotshot Oh mm-hmm that
was really good
now our option Noah's Bagels because I
wanted to be pups hopefully they have
them be really sad they don't gonna help
you what breakfast album I'm gonna get
those see how it goes
mom's wearing my sweater that I wore in
a video six years ago the advantage of
having my mom go through my storage unit
now we are at the grocery store picked
up some pretty pink energy drinks these
are not sugar-free but when I really
need some energy
we got Ding Dongs we've got salt water
those plates
the quarry of course those mutts are
there like hey guys what's up I feel way
pink shame and kind of unintentionally
because I have so I just got back from
Thanksgiving weekend and I have like a
million things to catch up on from the
weekend also end of the month things
that I just got to catch up on with just
bills and just videos and scheduling and
all that's like that and photos and
stuff and also the end of the month I
scheduled my next month which is so
crazy wise December is going to be like
so insane also we're into a Black Friday
haul I got so many Starbucks cups this
weekend my dad got me this one if my mom
got me this one like isn't that so super
cute and I thought that was like really
really cute guess what the weekend with
my dad and my mom so I don't I don't
think post much on socials or snaps
already think that when I'm with my
family I guess cuz I go in with my dad
I'm really just like not put together
I'm always like wearing swap hands and
just like whatever like my dad just he
kinda likes me like to hold out not like
he doesn't care if I'm dressed up either
but like you know it just I don't know
you feel like you nobody around certain
people you just couldn't turn it down my
dad I'd heard it down around and this
one shit cuz I say in this house is
something I don't want to be obviously
it was my patreon like doing naked
snapchats in my dad's house you know
what I mean so I I tried to turn it all
down not so just in general you know I
just try and tone down the social cuz my
dad is not a social meet like he just
obviously don't social media person but
he just doesn't
I don't know you don't mean like I kind
of and there's certain people in my life
and in my family that I separate my
social like me my social media life and
my you know an actual private life like
my mom my sister are cool because like I
don't even know there's such a new
billboard on top like so such a movie I
don't even know if like like some days
it's just we get anybody to have any
clips from this weekend or before I'm
gonna probably put them before this some
priority seen them but like my mom or my
sister like don't care I don't like to
have a lot of friends like don't care I
don't know just you know I don't know
I've lost my dad when I would read out
would just kinda like eat and go to the
movies and I feel like that's not that
exciting you know just talk about I also
have like I just literally grab at this
purse which is sort of like an overnight
clutch but it's what I had I got very
gummy now I got me this got this one but
she thought I mean I'm calling it a sex
toy because Aquaman gonna go down on
there everyone's laying into my fishy
speaking of I can't share this on
YouTube
I'm trans video will get flagged for the
title alone but I don't want to get any
like checkmarks against my channel um
but I have been having a head well no I
I can't see recurring but kind of
recurring because I had to now I had a
sex dream about rhett and Link on
Thanksgiving night no no not right and
link rhettandlink is her name's right
good mythical morning is their show and
it's the glasses the guy with the
glasses which i think is linked because
everyone was app mentioning him and I
was mortified I was like I gotta delete
this guy's like this because I I guess
he's like Marian has kids and like I
feel like he's very conservative looking
kind of so he could be Jewish I was like
oh I don't wanna offend him but if you
guys want to know about this book now
recurring section because I had another
one last night that was so the first one
was kind of romantic last night was so
wild if you want to hear about the rhett
and Link sex dream it'll be on my
patreon I'll be the first link below
sign up for patron any tier you get all
the preview like you'll see like I've
been doing now this for a couple months
so you're gonna see all the videos if
you
finally you'll see all the naked photos
if you do like it a bit higher - you
don't even mean like you're gonna see
all of them so it's not like you just
see that month you're gonna see all of
them which is kind of cool so I think
you guys are interested in that but all
I will say is the Linda plastics which
is against this I think it's linked the
other one was watching the other one was
watching and I okay like short little
story time and then I'm going to
continue on there after I get my hair
because it sort of time ran out my hair
looks so crazy I'm actually extensions
out the black out of my hair I love the
black is just growing out yeah it was oh
I was actually mmm I can share this
whole story time here because it's not
anything that's rated I was opposed to
be in a rattling video like we had years
ago was something at a car wash I don't
really watch their videos I didn't know
who they were back then I kinda had my
own YouTube channel going I found it
through a casting was putting like a
couple hundred all hours and I'm you
know that's what I did I was doing like
extra work at a time machine and
everything that and so I was gonna be in
one and then last minute I just got
really lazy and I just like no I don't
mean I don't to be an extra but that's
like that's all I ever heard of them and
then and then Shane recently showed me
good with a good morning he came over
like about a week and a half ago I don't
know why we were on their channel I was
just like she should show me something
and then it got recommended to me like
they were there interviewing Steve from
stranger things and stuff like that and
yeah my sex dream was so vivid and like
I honestly was like spoiler alert at
crema panties but if you want to rock to
rest like if you want to hear the
details
I don't be moving a champ but yeah I'm
very very pink I kind of look a little
ridiculous right now a little ridiculous
cuz I get that I always look ridiculous
enough in a pink G but
oh my gosh this is crazy people are like
riding bicycles along here
okay I'm gonna focus on driving I'm
gonna get my hair done and that's kind
of the update and I got my two phones
going because I have my main phone and
the private snap Oh scared broke my
Gucci glasses and my pants up show so
when you see this phone in a snap it's
five snap I was dancing up a naked storm
this morning guys are as I'm missing out
on it
okay I'm gonna think I'm gonna be right
on time which is great news and yeah if
you would actually walk into target stay
and look around because they have some
really cute Santa bags I went with my
mom yesterday I didn't take off any of
that I don't they said think you've
logged the grocery store my name's Logan
E but you guys are all gonna see a Black
Friday haul it's gonna be a little late
what else is new with my videos I'll be
on the main channel
all right I will talk with you guys you
so pretty
there's all ready to go I'm having
flashbacks that I did itself here myself
with hot pink my balls is my pink car
I'm a big Starbucks drink that literally
matches so perfect you guys I look like
a little gumdrop and I'm loving it
likewise
thank you
mcalary's up to Merced
I would say to watch
on YouTube videos make a type of a
bastard
yeah
I get this helps you on that's worth
isolated extra extra-hard
pressors divest only wanted to talk like
ten pounds a day
garbage bags in sweatpants what dude
would you like gallons of water no food
1,000 days at I needed to completely put
my even at zero che what's your every
body burns I think naturally like the
jihad are just you know the calories
today so
waste go back
I can feel it
honestly
but since I know she is herself
for exhaustion but
organized and African stuff before
okay
or and I'm happy I won't burn there's a
gym because Department for Nike
