good morning Bagas okay so we're Vegas
day - okay now at the view that I would
share with y'all um yeah I would just
woke up we're ordering room service and
then we're going to try and go shop cuz
I didn't get to do that last time so
we're in turn shop see what the day
bring yeah okay guys the best part about
staying at any hotel is room service and
we did it up right now it was looks like
it's before people but it's for - um my
sister Jade go to the gym this morning I
was like a lazy butt and slept in and
yeah but that's okay I'm on vacation and
I have to go so hardcore when I go back
home which is totally fine because I
love for Kim eating so this is what
there's the Belgian waffle number one
door number two god it was bacon and
eggs and then my sister got would you
get oatmeal oatmeal and Futaba
mmm bears had cousins berries toppings
for my oatmeal
get your coffee there's tea and coffee
and juice oh are you like so excited for
this and we're so hungry and now we're
gonna go shop life the struggle is so
real though why is no it's really fun
this is like the funnest vacation ever
Vegas is great and we just saw a hotel
to Circus Circus and Imperial Palace are
like $30 a night so it's a good like
affordable tree like you don't have to
spend one way to have fun in Vegas
because it's just beautiful just to look
at alright we're going to chat out eat
insta and we'll see you soon so we're
here in Vegas we're shopping at the
Caesars forms we just got our makeup
done at
back and we going to be to get some
dresses for tonight because we just
weren't feeling the dresses this is my
makeup I wanted to do Nomi Malone
showgirls my sister got a little smokey
smoke over there like hurt his skin so
cool over there and then the people in
BB someone came up with ticket pictures
like this so nice to me to take pictures
I think then I was a celebrity I'm like
I just make youtube videos like I get
excited if someone wants to take a
picture with me so it was really fun
I've met a few fishes here and it's
super cool my season was just like Guam
this isn't even the cool part but it's
really really cute so my sister got
hooked on MPB dresses the one she's
wearing now is Bibi it's so pretty it's
like my sister Sam it was I'm like you
just hope that my Stephanie sister
actually found me my dress too because I
really like anything I picked and she's
really good she should be like a stylist
so alright we're going to go and look
for some shoes some comfy shoes to wear
tonight and then I don't know okay and
then we'll see how it all goes
I'll show you guys this really cool
it's supposed to be designed like
obviously like I guess Rome I guess
right role I don't know just going into
cast so I should probably go in right
now but I'm really self-conscious of my
teeth because it's red lipstick she put
V know as the liner and like it's the
cherry red as the pillars like an ombre
it's really really pretty so sorry lady
we have to get ready for dinner pretty
soon but yeah she guys my dressing okay
so this is the pretty part of Caesars
right there you can see I think it's so
gorgeous oh my god like you don't even
have to like go explore the world even
like literally just come to Vegas excuse
my Apple by the way this is not what I
intend to wear today it's long story but
so cute they have like everything
high-end like we've it's Hans like gimme
is a really cool mom so
so for some companies rains have
okay guys so we're going outside of my
favorite star Valentino's and way more
than I wanted to spend on Valentino's
but they are Trish true shoes and I
don't know if I'm going to wear them
tonight or not don't really go with my
dress but they scream Vegas they scream
Trish and I was just like yes so I
better navigate us but didn't my Nana
totally find though I'm like hard tired
eyes when I go back and get pretty for
tonight anyways with these shoes are
just kind of like so I'm super glad I
found those but yeah we're gonna be
leaving the Caesars to go back to the
Cosmo maybe get a drink relax robot
relaxing here in May we don't like to do
all that much of anything so they were
super helpful and super nice so see how
it goes oh and I just spat yeah good so
I got a suitcase now I got that from
gasps it's a thinking Brown guess I need
more room so I was like whatever I get a
free truck in anyway so got a suitcase
and want to get off of it
so I want a background like my sister's
like dead
like some tire so
except money because I got my visa we
are going out to the thing and I'm just
filming my Alfa today finishing out with
my Chanel bag and here we go so we'll
see how tonight bring so much fun oh
here we go
just having a drink with my babe my
sister got me a chocolate to everybody
and she got a little martini dirty so
we're having a pre drink real quick and
it's really beautiful
he had the castle
where is mr. Olympia where was it you
don't know
selphie
it
I'm a really pretty person
the guy in the valet told me to
good water just water for you yeah water
um did you have any water in here by
chance
yeah oh thank you the homage to now it's
for her I need your honor and love
because I met the she and my little
fishy girl
I think I'm poisoning my routine
I'm not gay and never find more like I
did in my life ball I'm mad I love is
even that long Romeo and Mike I think
you which if it's not like some more
water
shit you just don't drink hard alcohol
that's the problem
I know you know
and you were pounding that I'm like
don't do that though because he bought
it for me oh god I regret it I get that
money board no no had to get that money
it's that nine
I love you to you we have graphics one
of em Kendra and we just got the ability
PC suitor the busting supper there's one
in Beverly Hills but we just love this
place we have to go so Danny we all
forgot sauce pepper squid which is
basically called prank
so got these little plastic the things
are like the best thing to order here
when living malformed like living look
at her living for that food pretty they
look it I hear points no honestly this
is why I do my own hair
my earring okay I'll do an outfit of the
day on my sister is wang i didn4t so my
earrings are from BB rains are from
Princess Pea window Queen P print this
be yes princess P so use Trish
xoxo right Oh Trish XO XO and then my
dress is from a hand-me-down that my
sister and I fixed it so yeah she had it
multiple holes in them actually so I
fixed it then yeah it was fun tonight
though in hackathons
I'm just taking over my sister's log
right now
honestly I'm pretty good I mean a little
overpriced but it's delicious
I love the Chilean sea bass what do you
like
I mean the macaroons are like to diaper
though but anyways we're going to finish
our sparkling boss water and we'll
probably see you in the or later it's
most Awkward time getting recognized is
drink that different down under but I
love it
mr. and I are getting ready oh she's I
get it when she was just dancing just a
minute ago she was down for it so we're
gonna get some thunder thanks calibre
it's I don't we I don't even know who we
are anymore
oh my gosh oh god you guys I got so sick
all of a sudden oh my god my stomach
hurts my bad pretty soon my stomach
started really hurting um like all of a
sudden but my sister Jake gave me a
cranberry pill and maybe ice was take it
with food or something Oh baby like a
punch in stomach so my sister I was
gonna go down to have a drink with her
and Young was some more with her and um
so bad my stomach hurt so bad oh gosh
I'm I'm just gonna be able to sleep this
off so I can't even get on my phone I
was starting to hurt bad so I'm just
gonna go to bed and we stop haunted from
down under tonight which was it was
really fun and I felt final night like
literally the past like 45 minutes I've
been feeling really sick but he has a
fun show so cheesy if you guys ever go
see come to Vegas I want you something
like girls night like then informed by
my super fun you get to see like really
cute guys there little keep what's and
it's it's like just cheesy it's like
they do like themes it's like really
really cute like Magic Mike goop so I
was showing you the whole photo what my
sister doesn't want to be shown so
there's just my part of the photo which
really got one shot so it was like super
awkward but anyways that's that I was
regretting his lr2 because they didn't
count down to when they were doing
photos and like it was my face oh I love
you guys so much
oh we're home tomorrow and I tell you
I'm so bad I really hate feeling sick
like this oh very the caramel with
alcohol Argentina by the key I love you
guys so much thank you so much for
watching I want to say hi to Rihanna's
and until next time here make it C's fre
little baby fishers mmm
