hey guys I was super early in the
morning and my mom still sleeping but up
because my body just gets up early you
do have like old peels free poison pills
at my house oh so gently in the morning
and I know what's in my purse ball 2014
three ways made Peter that's raised
along here about my noggin was slow but
20 minutes mom get some pie just go eat
breakfast maybe gamble a little go home
so this may not be as exciting as a part
two day but why is mr. Baig it was the
best experience I've had a long time oh
so I have to get away on vacation think
about anything stress relationships so
fun and I originally booked this trip
solo just to go by myself you know and I
just suggest that it's like if you don't
have anyone to go with go do you trip
for yourself just so relaxed and so
needed even though it was only like 24
hours it was just fun to live like a
dream life for a little bit so anyways
we'll see what happens
like a week you don't I mean I'm just
like I had to sleep you know my mom's
little pile stuff over there well
cookies help my mom so much I do she
stay me to a bunch of shows for his kids
it was fun to me to do this for her here
so I just browse the internet when I'm
like sup which I love doing to me edge
welcome so nice and peaceful I need some
coffee but oh yeah so there's a pin on
Hollywood this is our hotel at Cosmo but
it's very public in Hollywood and
Britney she's been sold out for like two
years but we wanted to go see her but
we're gonna have breakfast at the Paris
at the sugar factory which is right
walking down the strip I heard you said
if you leaving mom on our last day yeah
this girl is the best date ever so much
fun and I'm matching Donnie shirt it was
the funnest my mom slept in we got pizza
last night it was a good trip we were
just saying is the fun of most fun we
had in Vegas that was a shocker Trisha
was part of the dineymarie show oh my
god yes I didn't treat you you were
watching it but yeah I don't know II
wanted to detail joy tell them at the
cupcake oh yeah that's it in the video
and did you I know
Rand's been a tack up I think I said in
the video but it was so late last night
I don't remember so you have to I know I
did I'll we watch it and we were all did
see it but I'll link that below
he's like Trisha you knew I am part of
the show creating a distraction
attraction wherever I go I guess but
we're on our way
Wow distraction such attention
we're here the sugar factory and they
have a battle to swap on my mom saw what
do you think about that look I got here
at cake pancakes
the character Peggy's and the banana nut
french toast look good too like a
stuffed banana french toast I'm even
banana sweets lately it's been my thing
so those caramelized so good my mom and
I usually get like eggs and bacon and
then we like split like a dessert sort
of thing when come on to our first so
we'll see this as good as the yelp
review said it was amazing so we're
gonna check out the candy store after
this see how it goes
we're about to eat but I just want to
show you guys our breakfast I got the
eggs and this look at my mom's breakfast
eat them I looks amazing pickle Jim
Pizza I was like that looks good I
should add bacon scrambled eggs I wait
to eat it oh my god okay so order
dessert the breakfast was so yummy but
look at this this is what banana like
french toast faster French - look at the
berries oh my god really caramel sauce
we just had to get this then that
breakfast be dad to my mom she was
really really good so nothing is huge
stuck in
the blacker the berry the sweeter the
juice BB read some hairspray the blacker
the berry the sweeter the juice
blackberry mom is over we're gonna keep
this way I show you guys I discuss
everything like this is really cool
also I wanted to share it with you guys
I know sweepin even pret almost gonna
try it out actually I'll try it on
camera for you guys real quick see how
it tastes
with the banana one
try this
mmm it's like a bananas bride to really
at me highly recommend this we're
shopping here in the shara factory we
got all this like really cool supper and
you're like a halt on it but my mom's
trying please has merely coolest thing
ever I love them and we're getting these
ropes - we made it back to LA with my
mommy we just ordered over and we're way
manic I'm gonna sleep she's gonna go
ride a bike or something on Washington
but tired exhausted here we are at LAX
the trip Lola great trip back includes
Vegas day - Mike I'm everyone shake a
llama sugar daddy sugar mama
so anyways here goes the long and lonely
French down LAX peg explained it's been
real I hope you guys enjoyed these walks
you guys wanted me to do more travel
vlogs I am going back to Vegas with my
sister in a week or so and then also I'm
going to a secret location pretty soon
so if he hasn't seen more Tramp once let
me know um that's why I go ahead Darren
do I know that one yeah I don't know how
to secret them but a secret just lost my
youtube I'll tell ya okay
look at her plug in her YouTube um
anyways we're gonna go I guess I'm gonna
sleep some so tired I got actually shape
but I say hi to Rick Moranis and zoom
excitement hi John Hanson cuz we love
you here my kitty is my little baby cuz
she's hmm
