hey Cass do one here's my mana we just
got our hair and makeup done
she looks like gorgeous ooh who's drew
oh my joke is so silly
you can add youtuber impressions so
we're going to think it's my son told
guys why we're going to Vegas but
horribly were real very students kind of
like a surprise and we were excited it
was kind of last minute for my mom to
come with me but I'm super excited cuz I
was gonna go with myself actually that's
how excited I am about tonight my mom's
like come shows it so it's gonna be so
much fun or now so we're on our way to
the effort so we're at the gates getting
ready to check in and I am having my
Mountie everything to yourself EMU
vlogging so check that out on Instagram
so we got our bags we're all checked in
and we're ready to fun it was Tuesday
and we're on a full flight to Vegas
got our Starbucks at ice cream macchiato
would you get mommy a skinny moment
looking what they show it with it look
what they put on your cup Tricia Tricia
sister I said my name is Tricia and then
the electrician sister that's what you
get
I do look at least morning I know look
at her oh yeah my mommy lucky shut you
hear make up we call the difference so I
keep telling you guys virgin
like you're like them just like disco
so far nobody next to me so my mom's
switch
I'm gonna eat make pumpkin bread
so yeah I'll tell you guys are going to
Vegas before Donny and Marie so excited
so he doesn't get there mama got back
that sit next to me cheers where's my Oh
mines up there home
Cheers mommy are we Cheers yeah we're
getting Ramos's so I tried to talk to
Ross a cough but here's the luxury shops
proud aleut onboard
what are those combo shops over there
pushed the crystal clear we got to go to
the crystals and there's the strip
oh yeah there
oh the coos oh I don't have it is that
relatively no the crystals this hotel
makes seven years old okay maybe that's
why I am even I'm not been to Vegas in
like seven years guys I don't know
anything
oh that's so nice oh so nice
that's really nice I wasn't unite like
mom arena go clubbing afterwards to me
we go club in it and this is the Cosmo
where we're staying here before never
is it nice very nice it's the most
modern looking one perfect that's what I
love I mean it inside the Cosmo there's
like jelly fishes my mom loved the
jellyfish is behind us
did you so - so we're here checking in
we're here a little early so I'm super
get in I have to go to the bathroom I'm
like blah maybe so see how good the
chandelier bar
Ruti
Oh
but maybe is it open now anything for
the car I know I was getting that on the
thing
that's so pretty that's my car that's my
next car guys this is the chandelier it
goes up three stories guided even know
we're like a swan right now because we
have to wait and like an hour before
check-in but look how pretty my sister
recommended the Cosmo to us and it's
like super pretty
oh we want to Gail let's get some
cigarettes what are you saying mom okay
so we just walked in I'm like don't look
I gotta get there first impression so I
can show you the whole thing because the
room tours gonna be on my main channel
but this is our great ready to go in
guys all right let's go in oh ah there's
outside there's our the hot tub out
there do you love it
so we're having a breakfast guy if you
guys want to see upstairs you got all
you have to go to my main channel but
are you quick thing outside home okay
I'm gonna show the rest of my main
channel so click I'll link it below if
you guys want to see more so we're in at
the par now going to dinner at the
stratosphere at top of the world before
the show so
yeah like you want a limo listen why not
I literally just thought they said you
have the greatest test facility of the
greatest chance so we're just
instagramming our little lives away so
she while we're still get to see Danny
and are you so excited yeah yeah thank
you so much
seriously love him I think I made just
my pants literally okay so we are the
top of the world stratosphere and our
Dom carry-on
yeah we shed so let's get the pot I'll
show you guys so we got Dom Perignon
2004 my mom's like peas you from your
groupie su okay shame pans at shows we
can't get that my mom I'm gonna order
that you order what you want first time
try and get let's try and run all Cheers
kappa crew I got a heavy coming out
Bonnie I love it
my mom's like it's not as good imagine
she's like she's just as good I'm like
mom we're gonna it is really good though
loves it and this is ideal so we had to
eat early because I shows at 7:30 so
we're gonna finish this and get stick to
surf in terms of what we can get drunk
as we have our ride on that nan was
there guys in here Richard Richard
cheers mama okay guys Joey at the top of
the world restaurant as a nicety just
took her picture and he did so good so
my mom and I woke up seven her oh my god
crab legs potato king mashed potatoes
and then I got the lobster tail oh my
gosh it's so excited to eat okay guys
this is my first night of steak my mom
tried hers on her Channel
there's Tobin and these already had
theirs open we're sharing the lobster in
the crab
literally the best road rat best service
best how are you around grab the Webster
: I'm going to try the lobster yeah I'll
just take this big chunk guys ready for
this
yeah
Mountain your mom it's so good that
could be
that's is definitely better than sex I'd
rather be you're eating them fucking for
us my life and you guys get these this
is the only place to come in Bagan guys
come come to the stratosphere it's so
weird that one so but you guys top of
the world capital girl I love that
that's my favorite this is like the bat
literally my like mom so I better than
sex chocolate anything I'm gonna die I'm
gonna have an orgasm so good me and for
dessert we got caramel rice krispies
there it is that it is it when it is
crispy he says break this apart is it
going to de-spawn wait the how's that
not fine okay that's gonna all come
towards me oh there it is it's supposed
to do this I was Hannah
oh okay I'm gonna crack this hey guys we
are here
at the where we champion
coming up you want to see dineymarie
come to the Flamingo they're going to
take away their me record but to show
you guys really we're ten minutes away
my gonna be ten feet new state
surely this man's a geek
I'm screwed okay guys so we just got
back from at the Johnny Murray show
which was so amazing we're gonna go look
for some food but we're going to take a
little break to rest and go in this
jacuzzi and take advantage of it so
we're gonna do that I post a ton of
pictures on Instagram guys wanna check
that out yeah I'm gonna have such a good
night I post a review two of the dynein
ratio so so good there's crickets al
darn cricket some to relax relax your
little feetsies and then we're gonna go
with my food remember Mike crash we had
so many plans for tonight we're both
kind of tire were just like maybe we'll
just crash have breakfast get massages
in the morning and just go home Vegas he
got us we're done maybe go down t-shirts
I know my mom's like like oh it's like
what a night after midnight we're both
so tired burgers not gonna sleep tonight
then were like screw skip he doesn't go
to sleep in like yeah our back hurts
aren't my back hurts from the heels it
just took us out I mean that was such I
and then our just like crashing your
Donnie does two songs uh-huh
I didn't do you work out they do really
well he could give me a couple like oh
I'm too old for this from the stage was
Perry it was very in a very instrument
moment um so yeah there's people right
outside our jacuzzi so that was really
awkward I didn't stand there very long
it's trying to be sexy and then I just
don't work so he's cold it's not gonna
be fun sleeping with her because she's
gonna be like um it's too cold and I get
hot all the time so yeah well do you
bring jams oh no oh wait Ron jammies
right here
we need to get a shirt my mother
everybody we've got $100 to go gamble
whenever I maybe thought we'll let you
know if we win Oh guys we made it back
as a night we're both freezing it so
nice it's actually freezing which felt
Nidoran nice during the day it went
Altec really cold so we just got some
pizza yeah we know how good it's gonna
be there's no name all my gooey but
we're gonna eat some pizza and we got so
many guys being like the Osmonds don't
evoke so obnoxious my mom's like to
those who the fact about all I'm like I
know I'm really tired and really really
really sore so I really get a massage in
the morning for I leave my background so
to my mom over there it might be good
we're gonna eat hello yeah gorilla I
don't see how it tastes am I was too
sloppy good pickup mm-hmm-hmm
good well be Emily sound like our makeup
in here elastic I as it will ask them
you're gorgeous
kami whoa I think people she gets the
long table okay you really is it first
of all my mom's gonna use the sex people
sheet who she told me shows my men
camera she's just about all her makeover
she told me that the she on top you need
to pull back because that's the sheet
that people have sex on and they're not
required to wash every day or because I
think might work sure it wasn't heroin
there oh she was a seer ship she looks
really cute she don't get me on camera I
love that oh now you know look at it's
just she literally say I don't care Joe
got fertilize me butter baby well see
mom over there look at her she didn't
bring the GMOs because she says she's
not money ask who doesn't have pajamas
and I'm gonna let's get you a sweatshirt
and nothing and look at her her mamas my
mom is so crazy
Jimmy in charge and my mom is it go
worst act no charger no pajamas are you
do be doing Vegas haul in the morning -
I've also got a Vegas here's my first
biggest fall Trisha
my mom's make it's all always like
kidding we're gonna pops apprecia owe me
my boyfriend Donny Osmond on Instagram
everyone thinks I was like dating it was
so
funny I love it I just spread that rumor
around I mean yes please and some time
with my dad
some people didn't know who it was like
it's clearly Tricia's like John she's a
hooker and that's I'm like okay crazies
but anyways it was I had so fun we were
just saying how draining it's so
draining it is I mean I loved it we had
so much fun we're like we needed to get
away and we were so excited about it but
her my drain I have to come back with my
sister and like we can happen I'm a guy
like oh my god please give me energy cos
it's just a lot but it was happening
oh yeah to me what's that your phone
only I sent it to you what did you do
with your tensho oh yeah okay it's on a
choose Travis mom but I know I do love
it here in the Dom yeah our waiters like
oh yeah we get the champagne bottle hard
to show yeah Joey told me that he was
great
can I look you to keep it drezz he's
like let me get the champagne Bob but
the delete it was so funny he was so on
him oh yeah this is your mom he was that
one in your frame it 13 years Donny and
me going strong
I fucking love Donny Osmond one time
he's ahead and I had the picture of him
looking at it he looked at it he zoomed
in on it okay lady
yeah exude in okay huh oh yeah Oh oops I
know it looks the same he was I think
his eyebrows are bushy but oh god he's
so he was he's handsome and he's like
petite in person I took off my heels
because I was like I don't want to power
over him and because I remember even in
that picture I think I had lifts on
because I was like 12 or something I
remember had like platform sneakers on
or not at 13 that's just my mom like
she's staring at it like that's like my
boyfriend's yeah like you guys are so
cute
my mom was so cute - my mom is I take -
my mom is just so you guys know I like
love attention and something my mom's
always one to just like let me have the
spotlight she cute talk and she's just
so even with Donny shake she loves you
it's like I'm so sweet I just love her
like that my sister does the same thing
my family just gets me they just know
I'm like this like attention tomorrow
the family they're like - just go
9m we're so happy it was docked agent
booth oh it was I was saying that
something wrong she was like kind of
feels like a dream and I wanted wake up
in the morning I'm gonna Vic wait what
did have I told you guys I like blackout
these things when I get so excited about
stuff I just forget it it feels it's
gonna feel like a dream in the morning
so I'm making a Vegas Donny Osmond and
Murray video with just show me yeah what
are we gonna do we're gonna or what I'm
doing no I'm making them pictures and
I'm putting them in an album so I can go
through on Facebook excuse me just for
me that's all like a scrapbook it's like
a memory you scrapbooks are you're a
scrapbook at 50 thumb pinch I'm sorry
scrapbook with you do you know that's
right my mom and Tonya might assume you
didn't know that okay we're gonna dis
chat mamas this is hey I always end my
vlogs in bed kind of dark like this and
just talk right are you excited that
you're in one of them okay look at all
the make it not is it's so dark no one
can even see oh so warm that was so cold
in here it was it feels good okay this
actually will blankets on her it is you
don't get it on time well maybe they
have sex it's Latin between the sheets
oh by the way my aunt was awesome she
like carried bags for me therefore she
was just like I also said I mean you
want me to take our word you don't have
to like leave me assistant I just need a
help with like videos and stuff to film
and she was just on top of it and I
pushed her so go on her channel to go
look as I push her to do youtubes to my
mom we got do you Sheik we're gonna ride
time I said no words gonna do it is fine
who cares like yeah yeah my mom's are
gonna be a boy before mine because mine
like always on delay but anyways really
mom I love you guys so much thanks for
watching I really wish you guys could
all be at Vegas and just enjoy it with
us cuz it's so much fun it's just we
went through a lot of years o or was
tough we didn't get to do anything
you know I am reading about this were
like so blessed because like for so long
I never got to do trips like this I mean
I wish it's been really I've been really
blessed was that Suzanne Somers yeah
with love you guys I cost a lot of money
can remember why how do you have that
money back then similarly tax refund oh
and my mom took it was me Callie was
Nick oh yeah here yeah we leave in the
mob did he did but he ain't come to
Suzie n oh maybe that was it my mom my
mom P from me my sister's plane ticket
and then our hotel and he did while we
were there that is a good question I
don't know but that's what's not nice
when we're in Vegas together yeah oh my
god that's so wait I we were very Vegas
to Donny Osmond because clearly I'm
dating him now so anyways okay I'm gonna
go I'm like going crazy I went had went
Moranis although I feel like I'm kind of
cheating on Donny by saying hydrant
Moranis but I was ahead of marinus yeah
my new age is going ahead of Johnny
Osmond Latanya Ezra pies are straining
on me now so anyways hide your hair
innocent until next time yeah my kisses
my little blemishes she's on Facebook
like a mofo she's so funny
sure I saw the message I sent her - okay
bye
