marry that girl marry her anyway marry
that girl marry anything my voice is
kinda scratchy this morning because I
had like haven't really talked anyone
this morning so I don't feel like the
lead singer from magic with an
exclamation point um by the way everyone
prefers like garlic or like a year late
that's all
I love magic I love the rude song I
don't know any of their other songs but
um I love it oh why you gotta be so rude
don't you know if you know what other
song I'm really loving and I'm probably
two years late to loving it is the one
that's like you said and done the Duncan
Duncan of any one doctor here in avender
I got now is his oh and I don't you to
know baby i i love you like a love song
baby uh-huh
I love that song you know how I heard it
was in the Disney Channel movie how to
build a better boy which I'm obsessed
with the better boy in that movie he's
so frickin hot and gorgeous and sexy and
I like been stalking him his name's
Marshall Williams I guess he was on
Canadian Idol I was rooting bottom
because ultimate about him yeah he looks
like he's about 30 he's supposed to be
like a 16 year old of that movie is like
oh really
really Moo really doesn't handle I'm 16
and that kid 16 but I loved it when they
were singing it and the movie he was
like has little ukulele he's like baby
yeah I'm going to the gym yeah um I have
to it is a Sunday afternoon and I have
to go to the gym I'm doing a workout I
have to I have to schedule personal
training sessions because otherwise I
will not go to the gym I will not go so
I've been like trying to really just
like go 3 to 4 times a week with a
personal trainer I know that's like
excessive but honestly I'm protect not
spending anything on anything else like
material stuff like nothing I'm just
like literally spending it all on this
because I need to do it for me
priorities so after the gym I go oh I
threw up at the gym today I was so like
I thought I was like getting in better
shape I like threw up I thought I was
gonna pass out like I know trainer is
like supposed to shoot but I was like
dude I'm like actually gonna pass out so
he had like I stays it down and then
thought I was gonna throw opposite when
I'm on the bathroom and as soon as he
said that I was like yes and I just like
threw up so much I don't know what it
was it's so weird I'm so it was so hard
for me today um so I ended up getting a
Jamba Juice just because I feel so I ate
before I had a quest bar and a kind bar
and a banana plus me dinner last night
which was like not heavy but like
filling it was so weird so I got the
peanut butter love orange ahh it's not
great for you but I just was like I mean
like sugar I felt really lightheaded but
this trick is so good I never had this
before mmm I was like pea butter and
chocolate and banana it's so freakin
good I love it trying to get my car wash
Oh guys I don't know what it was today I
just was feeling so sick I've never felt
that sick working out so weird but
anyways
hey cuz that's what I get when I only
worked out one time last week but this
hard noise I just get my car wash I know
I'm doing the exact day this might be is
another clip with another day cuz I'm
not doing that much today but I thought
I just feel you guys in motion all that
I went to the gym I only kind of bailed
out for ten minutes of the workout of an
hour but I was intensely barely will my
arms up so right car wash good morning
guys I almost vlog before I got my
coffee I was a zombie this morning but I
got my coffee non-mixed iced caramel
macchiato which kind of mix now since
I've been driving no flat tops today's
Starbucks get your shit together she
said it like I was gonna yell at her I
was like that's fine so anyways I'm down
in the samac eula area visiting my
father it is so quiet oh my god I feel
really loud I never really realize that
when I Drive with the top down even
around like you know the beach cities up
in LA it's always like a super-low it's
so quiet down here
and like no one's out um but yeah I kind
of love it
my dad kind of lives in like the middle
of the desert and I kind of I was hated
it so it's like nothing's happening down
here cuz I did go to Community College
in this area nothing was ever happening
and it was boring and I ran away back of
where I'm from Illinois back Tonica
which is hillbilly town were you like
shook hands for like enjoyment that's
kind of how this place kind of is um but
I was gonna actually get gas with my dad
for breakfast I don't want to be great
cuz we're playing poker today too I love
playing poker there's a place called
Pechanga casino here in Temecula and it
is so so fun I love it it's something I
come and do with my dad every every um
every Sunday so I don't know if I can I
know you guys saw me vlog with him I
don't see was in Spa Thursday which was
the last time we've logged which we were
in morongo I don't know um I guess I'll
get gas later okay anyways that's what
I'm doing today got my coffee I got my
Elvis shirt I was like to wear like my
Cleveland Indian stuff or like my Elvis
stuff when I see my dad because that's
what we have in common and I just had my
cross on today and at my Star of David
cuz I don't think we don't quite
understand the Star of David thing I
started wearing it cuz Elvis did he wore
the cross in the Star of David you know
for better chances to get in to have him
but I started doing more research on the
Jewish faith and it's fascinating it
intrigues me and I'm very open minded to
it so um yeah I don't think I'm gonna
convert anytime soon because Jesus is my
homeboy but
yeah so I just wear the cross today so I
don't have to get any questions my
father he's very that's very
conservative in sentence ways so I think
I so excited to see him Oh make sentence
are ah who everyone who says that I
having a complex I was like not showing
myself without makeup or extensions like
hello do you even watch this channel
like I never I have no makeup on I have
no extensions on I look crazy I don't
know why people think I'm like so
insecure about it it's like this this is
like more than this is more than even
just my natural this is me looking crazy
because I just got my hair bleached and
I didn't get a blow-up because it gave
me my extensions but back in so I don't
want a product on it so for anyone who
still thinks that I have like this issue
about like showing my natural state or
looking ugly gross or so crazy I mean I
feel like this channel I proved enough
that I don't care about Lisa anyways um
yeah so I'm gonna go get my extensions
put in today I had to wait like a minute
because I ordered from Valencia rose and
they had I'm in yet but they came in
yesterday so now I went and I got my
hair bleached my roots bleached out
which I only do it once every two months
now just cuz like I'm trying to like
hold my hair grow and actually has I
don't know if you guys can tell sorry
that's annoying
I don't know you can tell but it's
actually grown quite a bit and I'm
really really happy about that
yeah so anyways I thought I would just
update you guys and I feel like I
haven't blogged since like I know this
is again I gotta be a week of just like
random clips because um not doing much
as I'm gonna Vegas next week so I
figured I would just do some random clip
Eclipse of preparing for Vegas my prep
for Vegas so um I'm so hungry so no
target and pick up some groceries there
cuz I'm sorry the long weave is back I
want my hair back and forth at what
market as my real hair is only me we'll
be back and forth but I got my long weed
back this is um unwashed hair from
Valencia rose so it's still kind of like
shiny and soft and like thin well not
thin but you know like it does not fully
expanded to their most voluminous
maximum effort yet um so anyways I just
got my hair done last night and I was so
tired I'm still so tired I get like
pooped like I'm not and I'm like
probably such a babies people who like
work out all the time but like honestly
like since I started like weight
training I've been like hungrier I've
been more tired I just it's so weird it
is so weird but I'm trying to stick with
it because he does help me with my food
and stuff as well so I'm really really
just trying to for now just take smaller
portions of what I've been eating so
fingers crossed that works but I
actually am just trying to be really
really good on my diet um for the next
five days at least until I go to Vegas
for a couple days so going hardcore to
the gym I've been going every day this
week then just try and eat something
light at night but it's hard to be going
to eat every time or every night almost
so it's been it's been a challenge but
I've been trying to do as best as I can
um so I'm going to go to the gym and as
a reward I'm gonna get myself a pedicure
after and I gotta get a wax anyways but
like I actually enjoy getting a pedicure
so it's like kind of the treat to myself
for um go to the gym and then I'm gonna
go to pedicure I really want you guys I
started trying this Jamba Juice it was
the peanut butter chocolate banana one
oh my god so good I looked it up it has
like I think a succes modify I get the
medium one because like some hundred
calories oh my god that might be my
dinner tonight because in the morning
even those still some time to calories
in the morning my stomach feels less
bloated and fat um so I might get one of
those just for dinner because it's
already late four o'clock is my session
today and then by the time I get out
it'll be five something and then um
pedicure and all that stuff and then by
the time I get home I'm gonna want to
sleep I go to sleep at like eight the
big brother is on tonight at nine so
many so many decisions but um she like
to leave her what does go to bed early
oh my god the struggles the struggle is
real
alright guys I'll see you soon we didn't
hear
so weird
in here today see I kind of love the
guys in the kitchen this is my locker
room which is usually always really
crowded and busy and there's the fancy
house which is what she paid for welcome
here um yeah so look out after the day
you whoa let me tell you is one not an
easy workout today and two trainer Ben
not happy with freelee the banana girl
trainer Ben said he watched with my vlog
so I'm talking about eating fruit and
raw and bananas and he's like eating
that much fruit is like the worst thing
you can do and I'm like a freelee the
banana girl you think I know all about
freely and that is like the worst thing
for you because basically you're just
like surviving on chores
I'm so confused I'm so conflicted in
life
sorry traitor but um then he said he had
to stop watching cuz he was so annoyed
and I'm like Bach he's so confused on
what I'm supposed to eat he's a
nutritionist do so he helps me but poop
I'm so poop but I put my toes down but
I'm so tired and lazy that I almost
don't mean was in that chair if there's
no way I'm gonna go with my toes on
there is a weight not gonna make oh I am
gonna get my toes huh
what is it
um okay
you can what you can do it oh I'm what
on my toes wait what oh okay yeah
so I got a wax and my pedicure done now
before I show you my toes you should
know that I try to cut them myself last
week and they were very very
disgustingly short but the color is
amazing look at these babies so fucking
pretty I don't know what color it is and
it's like my favorite color ever by the
way these are my gym shoes I don't know
if I ever showed you but how cool are
they right as a good shoe shoes right
I'm mostly just one room I don't wear
them outside but they're like when you
guys show these in a video before you
obsess with them I have two ones like
this - bling bling Nikes you can find
them on Etsy so now I'm gonna be going
back to Vegas a third time this month so
I don't even wanna was yes I'm gonna be
back at third time with my guy and I'm
really excited about it um but that just
means I have to go shopping for another
dress so my majority of my night will be
spent online shopping so I shall wrap up
this vlog or if I should just I feel you
must make this like a week-long vlog up
until Vegas so I'm not gonna say goodbye
to you guys yet but I'll pie see you
tomorrow hey guys uh going to the gym I
said I booked it when I go I mean this
probably getting a little redundant you
got it I go to the gym going with a new
trainer today because my trainer is out
of town on vacation who goes on vacation
I'm not excited because I pick up this
trainer um why don't one thing why dis
almac at the gym nothing he's like super
hot or anything he's like I don't know
he's just like short and like kind of
like boxy and I feel like he does like
boxing stuff so I was like yeah I'll
take him during your absence so I'm
gonna go work out with him today and I'm
really excited he's very nice because I
was introduced to him and I was just
like I love him because like my trainer
is like the manager of all the trainers
so he like knows all of them and he was
like trying to reprimand me but like I'm
really good at like picking trainers I
like um but I found my trainer because
they recommended me to this guy and he
looked really angry and he was very thin
and like that somebody I want to work
out with and I pick
a trainer banned from the little like
plaque and I love him and I hopeful I
love jr. so we'll see how it goes I'm
really really tired today
and the salon doing until tonight I go
on with mom
boom okay so I know I said I was gonna
be repetitive and just talk about like
working out but oh my gosh you guys that
was the most intense but awesome the
best workout I've ever had oh my gosh my
abs are killing me so we boxed for like
the first half of it that is a lot
especially needs to go across the floor
like punching cuz it's like you're using
your arms using your core you're moving
forward and then when you dock you do
your squats it was so I was just so
exhausted like I thought I was gonna
pass out um but it was such a good
workout we did so many different themes
that I didn't feel bored it went by so
fast but I feel it I'm just like drained
all over my body and just I love him he
was so motivational Junior shoutout
through junior if you're watching this
like I just thought he looked cool he's
got dreads he's short he's like boxy
when I say boxy like I mean that's one's
bad like if you call someone box yet
sounds bad he's like I don't know like I
don't know just thinking like a boxers
physique that's like what he is busy
wrestled for like eight years or 18
years or something like that something
crazy he worked out and kicked my butt
and he was somewhat of a noisy girl he's
like you just got to keep focused on
your goal but you know whatever your
personal goals telling him and he said
you got to keep focus on that because
you can achieve it he's like your pace
is like ridiculous like you'll get there
sooner than you think so if he was so
motivation I love him I love trainer Ben
but I love trainer jr. too like I kind
of want to go to train your junior on
Fridays when Ben is off because I had so
much fun boxing was so much fun really
so much aggression and I just I loved
him he was so great he's so cute I love
him um so I'm gonna go get some chicken
and pass out for like three hours before
I have to get ready
hey guys I'm going on date night tonight
I know I'll say really quick gmos
removes angle but I feel like you're
safer there but I just you know I feel
like never seeing you makeup on so I
figured I'd show you guys my makeup and
my hair my hair looks actually so crazy
right now but play it's late dinner and
I didn't really know that we were going
out otherwise noted spent more time
looking presentable but it is never
going to see me like when I go on my
dates and stuff so I figured I would
just show you guys this my dress is
Nasty Gal and then my makeup she's like
a little baby doll makeup which i think
is super pretty
it's what I've been loving recently so
yeah tomorrow I have so much prep it's
the last day before I leave for Vegas so
I have so much to do tomorrow I get like
nails ready Dan I'm packing I know it
sounds like so like frivolous stuff but
it's like a lot of stuff that she's like
time and just I hate going to be quite
honest so anyways I will talk to you
guys tomorrow
okay guys final day of prep before magaz
uh I feel like this has been one big
journey vlog it's literally been like a
week in my life so welcome to week in
your life going to get my nails done at
my girl bells studio and so I kept guys
this is the before this is the after and
I got it on the same hand this time we
got matching I just love it I love this
one it's like a little pimp nail well
like Scarface coca a nail right there
only hosts the pinky one but it's really
pretty I don't know if you guys can even
see the detail but she did like new Tom
brand each nail and then all gel again
so thanks Beth it's so hot right now she
does tutorial she did an ombre tutorial
she did like a snakeskin tutorial
recently so um if you guys wanna check
out her YouTube I'll link it below as
well as her Instagram but I love well I
found our Instagram and I'm like not
with her nah I love you well I'm like
starving so I'm going to eat at least
what he just saw your day like literally
probably the hottest day ever
I need it to be cool now so hot so
sweaty so famished just like she is
yester ah the journey is almost done
preparation before Vegas I feel like I'm
they going to like the Grammys
something I don't know I'm just like I'm
like crazy when it comes to like I don't
know I'd like to look good you know I
mean but I make one of those people who
like cousin I want to care of myself but
like I like put off getting my nails
done my hair done like waxing until I
have to like you know what I mean I
agree now that I'm like dating someone
like I do it more frequently but like I
had to spray tan for a while although ma
Mia actually prefers me like this color
like that I am a little like paler if
you will um talk over here so um I'm
actually going to Vegas with my mom
though and my mom is very tan and I look
like Casper the Friendly Ghost next to
her in all our pictures so I'm just
gonna get a spray tan on I always get
the same color but I think sometimes the
solutions off cuz sometimes a julep
orange I'm not gonna lie its originals
were really good definitely hit or miss
and I just go in the boots they don't
have someone spray me anymore which also
might be the problem because I used to
look Bom my weight is so dark it looks
bright on this little camera thing my
brother last night was amazing oh I get
in such a good mood I get in such a good
mood when I see Emma
breathe breathe okay gonna go spray tan
spray tan is complete um one thing you
do think about when buying this car is
has white leather seats and I sprayed
him a lot and spray can get on white
leather seats but I do that clear bronze
the clear solution rather than the
bronzing solution so it doesn't get as
on and I try and sit up usually we're
like lungs like blue sleeves and long
like pajama pants - spray tan but kind
of forgot to take it spray tanned in a
hot minute
um yeah I'm all packed I say that I feel
like I'm DejaVu here all packed got a
new phone case which is Vegas Gold it's
my Mophie still but I got one in gold I
didn't know what you saw
oh no it's just my mom and my sister
texting me um so that's are you excited
um rolling in Vegas for one full day
this time but we're going in a couple
weeks again so this time we're in Vegas
one whole day my mom then I go back with
my sister for a few days um and I will
let you guys see what we're doing there
tomorrow so stay tuned
my little baby fishies thank you guys so
much for watching this vlog was a
journey I haven't done an ending in a
week I don't even know what happened in
this week but I can't wait to rewatch it
and live my life over it is kind of cool
but balking is kind of cool for ads like
a diary thing know what this guy's like
really pretty behind me has important of
Lights this guy's buried by me um so
yeah thank you guys for watching let me
have you guys prefer these style like a
week in my life do is like it just
didn't do a whole lot which is kind of
why or do you guys like Danna lights
even if I'm not really doing anything
which I don't know maybe like the the
dailies like get up in the morning go to
bed with me every day um I just feel
like it's on I don't do them everybody
didn't do that much in a week so I don't
know let me know but she will be getting
daily vlogs from Vegas both times I go
and my mystery trip at the end of the
month or beginning of next month you
will also be getting daily vlogs because
you joined vacation you do stuff that's
worthy of walking I love you guys so
much
by the way Brittany Murphy story was
amazing anyone watch it on lifetime I
thought the actors had very similar
mannerisms to Brittany Murphy in the guy
Koecher like just like him I was like
freaky it was really good and really sad
you guys really sad poor Brittany Murphy
made me feel my heart like really goes
out to girls like her and the thing is
she was like troubled or anything it was
them is media it's harsh you know in a
way I loved being on YouTube because it
gives me the opportunity to entertain
and perform and do what I love without
being on that scale you don't need me
where people just mean people try rip me
apart I guess but no story it's just be
nice
don't try and don't assume things don't
there were so many rumors about her like
the Jordache junkie girl just be nice
don't start rumors like it really broke
my heart I really felt for me and the
way YouTube is kind of like that cuz you
get so many people telling you to like
kill yourself you're gross and when
people lose weight on YouTube they're
there they have an eating disorder when
people gain weight their disgust it's
just so the struggle is real and I just
felt so bad for Brittany Murphy and I
just I'm not anyways I'm not gonna so I
didn't that I'm a little bit of a sack I
just had to get sad with my blogs but
think eyes watching I can't wait to see
us in the morning God willing I wake up
and if not god please take my soul
because I love you oh I don't know what
this is like getting so weird and morbid
so I love UK someone take you watching I
want to say hi rancid until next time to
my kitties from a little bit fishy
mmm bye guys
