I mean I have she looks amazing she has
like the best discipline ever I'm always
in Vegas not booty so we're gonna eat
this I'm gonna pick up my glasses and
that makes sense the Vegas story
you wanna go to Mastro's on next Friday
we have a date this is just going on so
many games lately I was like what we're
doing last night cuz I wanted to like
her coming out with me and Jane and
adding hair from I'm only doing that day
ever
so we're on Rodeo Drive now and may get
luggage for Vegas is on my luggage is
super super old so I'm gonna go across
the way I keep coming here it's so
touristy like 10 like Times Square of
New York like if you come here it's like
so cried it's so touristy parking so
hard and so expensive so so anyway it's
definitely come over here that often but
they have a huge way of a tog store so
I'm really excited to see the selection
I just want a piece of loot luggage him
something another thing that I've always
wanted so I'm gonna get it and we'll see
what we can find oh I picked up my
glasses - she's not glasses I'll show
you guys what they look like in the car
so here are my new glasses you guys like
him I wanted something bright and so I
got my Chanel and they're like clear on
the side I really cuz I wanted to get
bright glasses before but the guy
talking out of an impact the guy that
talked me out of it was there and the
girl told him can I told him I'm like a
Cheeto he definitely getting bright ones
I love these these are gonna be my
driving glasses what do you give them I
told you that though already for you -
so we went shopping today I got a new
bag I'll try to show you guys she went
shopping today I just take I did she did
but my sister she's just a trooper she's
a spender that's why one day I'm gonna
be homeless and she's gonna be balling
and then I'm gonna be like boob because
she stays and she's smart and I spend
because I'm down but I'm a bad thing
because I'm really happy to see her
happy Nia being happy so alright so
that's at um going home she's gonna
leave me I have stuff to do I have to
get your hair oh yeah my car washed I
have to get gas go signing it's real
like real people world I real people
world okay I'm in the real well I'm in
church world actually everyone always
tells me you're like in Trish world and
like you just like make up scenarios in
your head people always tell me isn't it
yeah I kind of yeah I'm actually cuz I
always just twist things how I want to
hear them good and bad alike that bitch
and then like yesterday new shame about
something this guy said he's like no you
just was that in your own head because
he wasn't thinking like that it's like
oh my god you're fucking right though I
just wish it I'm working on it I'm
psychotic um but anyways okay so we're
gonna hang on I think my mom's are not
she okay
it's my mom though hashtag sad life real
world
Tricia life that life okay I'm driving
the vehicle with my sister right now and
I just want to go for the record my
sister is crazy okay every time I get
with her for dinner for church for
shopping for whatever we're doing she
always brings up like oh my god he
should date Leonardo DiCaprio and I'm
like okay but I like we don't know him
he doesn't even know we exist
she's really serious about my girl back
to reality
new ideas but you could no - no I can't
with my sister she's just so crazy so I
just wanted to make a video on her blog
it's gonna happen mark this blog come
here mark this luck
my sister Leona Evers go sister one day
I wanna thank her and I think it's a
perfect pairing I just think it's
awesome let's go off topic and then like
10 min she's like but like seriously
when I watch football Serena can't like
how do I know them basic bitches marry a
people like that all the time I can't
she's I'm shutting her down on this
right now so just want to go on the
record for that so loving these you guys
love them they're so bright I love my
glasses so much they just make me happy
they just feel fun and I just feel
bright summer moms are here she's
looking for um stuff on the internet so
she's just chilling with us or with me
because my sister left oh she's so look
who's here my mom is joining me oh yeah
are you making videos this weekend yeah
did you make any in Hawaii just give up
Hawaii but here's one now I got me
you're not gonna you never did make any
videos in Hawaii I know they're it's not
quite it's not a lot over there though
for you you're a great youtuber so you
appreciate me guys I film every day for
you um so we just hit this Mexican
restaurant at the pier and I was really
good and look guys it's a serious meal
it's like the notebook oh no the Dear
John one
so write them here I'm with Kay holding
all my verse so we're gonna go look for
sweets but I just say I always think
it's a tannic right cuz ice bucket
challenge is happening right now and I
was just thinking like they all were in
ice bucket challenge it was I mean
literally 40 stands for I fucking get
$500 to them I can I get really what do
we do okay to do that's about it she was
nominated she was nominated she was
nominated to didn't do it we're gonna go
she hates charity the challenge works if
you don't do it you supporting the
disease because about that now we just
carved up fuck up I want to read that
Titanic in the water like it's so funny
tonight so I know I'm like consumed with
the YouTube and YouTube couldn't seem to
my life in the best way possible because
I so my sister this earlier - I was just
like I actually like love vlogging it
just seems very like natural to like
bring out the camera so gern I'm alone I
just like talking to you guys but I was
thinking like I never showed you guys my
my bag I'm a movie time I got so this is
it sky so it doesn't even do it justice
it's like lime green I got like a little
wallet and the bag and the little purse
term um so I don't know it was just like
a little something a little something to
make me happy I like purses
and having said that I've just donated
pretty much all my purses I have my nice
ones I like but um I'm like decluttering
rent life like I'm trying not to be a
hoarder I just thought it was so pretty
I was like it's such a pretty bag and I
just like I really can't pass it up I've
been doing really good when there's
stuff I want I just don't need it and
I've been trying to declutter my life as
of late just in general I decided I'm
gonna be away again for a couple days
I decided tonight I need to go visit mom
man I really miss him and I really love
him and like that's what makes me happy
and I'm meant to be
yeah I just I just decided to just go he
asked me to go and I is like I'll stay
here but I don't know I just decided I'm
gonna go and I'm gonna go so I'll
probably be am I am with the vlog um so
hopefully you guys don't mind
well I says I don't have my glasses to
see myself Oh God for a little bit
life's crazy sometimes I think I'm crazy
just a juniors gettin deep I never knew
like deep and like weird past couple
nights but I'm supposed to just like to
get deep with myself and be like what is
life all about why am I here was my
purpose the answers I don't know but I
know I would just want to have fun good
I mean I just might have fun in this
life so that's what I'm going on this
spontaneous trip and just thinking like
it's just it's just money
it's just days of your life that you
want to make happy you know you want to
you don't wanna just be an observer in
life you wanna you know you wanna be a
participant you want to be a participant
in your own life and what is life if you
can't have fun you know um I'm gonna get
some of that it's emotionally just life
is just it's so complicated sometimes
when it gets too complicated you just
need to be like okay simplify it when I
gets to be complicated you need to just
be like I'm not gonna stress I'm gonna
just live just be happy just do anything
you can to be happy so tired eyes when I
post getting complicated or hard or sad
for me and cut out things that we're no
longer make me happy and sometimes you
just gotta cut out things I don't like
no longer me yeah but people can call it
quitting I've always been a quitter I
don't think quitting is bad
I don't think quitting anything is bad
um if it's no longer make you happy quit
used to quit plays all the time when I
was in high school I would I did a play
and then all the time I'd love plays I
was like that was my thing but there was
a play where I don't know what really
happened I just I don't know what it was
I wasn't happy with the way things were
going I don't know what I wasn't like
crazy I don't know I was like crazy yes
but all I know is was very stressful it
wasn't me happy and I said you know what
I quit I'm out I'm done like life's too
short
life's too short I don't know I'm I've
just always believed that you check what
I got one person I'll ever get a device
but if something's not making you happy
or something quit I quit on my job I
quit all my teams that I was in my place
I quit things and that's just like I
said it's just by how I live my life
I can't I can't I love my life just
trying to please other people or try to
fit in or be normal or be saying I am
Who I am and that's it and you know I
just know I'm not a relationship or a
marriage you know um that's what I
always said about marriage - I always
thought marriage should be like a
10-year contract do you sign and then
like in 10 years you like reevaluate
where you want to be and then like if
you don't want to be there anymore you
could just book wholly separate ways you
know I believe in monogamy I love
monogamy
that's like can it last forever maybe
meet your soul mate no I like to believe
it I do like to do it but I'm also I'm a
dreamer but I'm also a realist you know
I mean I'm in Trish world but I am real
I'm real to certain guys I date for
instance if you date someone in the
entertainment distri who's like legit
that's like well-known it's they're
gonna get so many temptations and so
many offers and you guys I've known the
nicest guys I've been on both sides like
actually dating the person and being a
you know person they go to when they're
cheating like how do people cheat
they're just cheaters and it's kind of
like something you expect so I don't
really date that's right I wasn't dating
Hollywood types for so long because the
Chi and they just do it's just
temptation and what other job do girls
just throw themselves at she's just for
being you you don't mean like I don't
know I mean in the good thing it's a
realist thing to think it's not
pessimistic I wanted a regular guy on a
date a regular guy who could also cheat
very well or move to middle America and
they could also cheat but the
probability of it so less like so much
more likely to happen in entertainment
especially the actors or directors well
I don't even know what's happening I
keep yawning I don't tired
can i play tomorrow it's going on a
spontaneous trip and
I love it you left the spontaneous trips
so I call my friend Jeff I come stay
here house tip make sure not the catches
on fire so it's gonna do that and yeah
live live your life live your life live
each day as if it's your last
I like that thing I think that's a in
the sense it's like live each as if your
last like what was she you know
obviously you know Kalyn couldn't just
me and every day that's what you joining
the last day of life but you know love
unapologetically you know laughs a lot
love so your heart explodes and have fun
okay I'm gonna go I'm babbling I can
I took my migraine medication I took I'm
gonna call it I might all know my own
super strict advil I took three I'm like
oh my god that's too much or else what's
he three personal people not people on
the internet cuz you guys wanna
rehabilitate but it's like about body
weight you know two pills to think and I
cut at my body
um I miss working yeah I can't wait to
come home workout I think I'm not gonna
be gone for like a little wait 24 hours
or 48 hours but um thank you for
watching haider it ran us
