oh my god you guys I'm so emotional
today Oh Halina daddy please don't cry
about Elvis in the Sirius station and
then they had it one of his last songs
he recorded which is out which I didn't
know it was the UM blue eyes don't cry
get through the name it's like it was a
Willie Nelson song like blue eyes don't
cry or Shinano knows me really sad and
emotional I don't know if it's just
Elvis's voice or what yeah I don't know
what it is I just become really
emotional lately it's kind of like I get
out of my house today like I was like
I'm gonna wash my hair and like give me
makeup ready and like film and like it
just I don't know I could not get a
tailor as phony as a crying for no
reason like no there's no reason like
nothing said by the way I look really
too tan right now um well gonna rest my
arm but there's not much um so going to
I'm moving out I'm gonna go see sin city
a dame to kill for which only have one
movie show time I wanna you know there's
only one movies your time you know it's
not good or it's really old I don't
think it's like really old but again I
never I didn't even know was that coming
out so I don't know how could I could
because I don't even hear about it um by
the way I look a mess I just tell you
why I enjoy being ugly why I don't mind
looking ugly or y aguada ugly actually
like on purpose because clearly if I
didn't want to feel ugly I would put to
make one but okay this is gonna sound
really conceited but I'm sure it's like
this from every girl I'm just you know
what I mean like I get stopped when I
haven't makeup in my hair done like I
get talked a head on stopped I know it
sounds like I said that sounds like so
conceited but I'm not saying like I'm
the only one I'm sure just be a female
in general you probably get that I see
it happen all the time to other people
so I know I'm like just the hottest
chick in the world are always good but
like I always get talked to I always get
stopped even if I'm like with a guy and
like they go to the bathroom or
something or even if they're not in the
bathroom
I notice happen it like El Torito the
other day or like a weeks ago and this
guy was with us in the bathroom
and this guy is like four of them at a
table just like instantly just I started
like with the come on like oh well yeah
I don't know it was just like it's a lot
sometimes and like I love attention
clearly I like bought bigger boobs and
like I do like attention when I want it
so so having said that I don't always
love attention so that's why go out
looking like a mess a lot of times you
know a lot of people are like Trish like
why the fuck are you wearing a dinosaur
t-shirt when you have like bougie or not
bougie but nice clothes I don't have any
clothes one I don't spend money on
clothes because my size I was changing
into bougie designers don't make clothes
for me which is fine whatever saves me
money but um you don't I mean like just
put together outfits and like like I
said a dinosaur shirt and like denim
shorts down there I'm having him which
looks like a diaper when I sit down but
I assure you they're long enough because
I did not want to be all sexy today so
that's why I don't really mind being
like ugly because also even when I am
ugly I put a sports bra to like flat my
boobs even when I am like ugly I still
get like oh just I just don't like when
I'm alone and I have to like worry about
people follow me to my car or staring or
hitting or you know me I feel so
uncomfortable I don't like attention all
the time so that's kind of why I like
well like this but again I'm not saying
like oh my god I'm just so fucking hot
that people just always I mean I think
it's just a thing that like girls have
to go through and that sucks because
and one most time I beat into that you
know you don't always want it and I feel
like guys should know when a girl's hair
is in this awful top knot don't show
them with the attention that goes to do
not disturb sign for your head so is
that's what that that I really want to
Starbucks today but I haven't eat ate so
much I went away no I feel like a day
and a half but whoa no way as eating so
much I just get so much I just have
problems as such problems with food like
I really do like really bad actually um
anyways I'm like actually early to this
movie for once usually a more we still
late we'll see how it is really was
pretty good not gonna lie didn't think I
was gonna make it but pretty you looking
good better than the first so
yeah it's pretty good definitely better
than the first and yeah I mean that's
good story good everything good to see
Jessica Alba dance seductively so I
liked it I enjoyed it
that's a sure is they gonna come down
here i walked in i saw a movie poster
show you yeah rob Rodriguez still got it
love it I never was a Santa like his
spiked head stuff and like machete was
like but he doesn't sit he could he does
it real good so it's that's the poster
I said lieutenant aldo raine doing
another movie i thought i walked in guys
it's me vlogging it's another day um so
I just my days just they just some time
just like I'm gonna vlog and then I
forget to end it and if rich begin it so
these kind of just all become one block
so basically like a blog is like a week
in my life but I really do nothing of
excitement all that often
looks like MIT to you guys anyways I
mean I do is not exciting to me but like
I can't feel myself you know like having
sex on camera you know like that's
that's not appropriate but anyways I
just had some tea I'm so hungry I'm
waiting for Shane to have lunch with um
and so I just was like really really
hungry but I wanted to wait to eat
because we always eat like Mexican food
which is a lot of food so I just had
some tea to tide me over and I'm
watching some YouTube videos so I make
sure there's nothing on my computer I
was like weird anyways okay let me show
you guys so I been do is watch this girl
named crazy ray right watch the most
random people will always ask me who I
watched my god oh really no but I really
don't I'm just like subscribe to people
in the mems I clicked the video but this
goes in a million this is crazy Ray Ray
um do is know her she's just in a
million she's so cute but she's like you
I think I look at myself a lot this girl
like only looks at the viewfinder I love
her like I'm not even there's no shade I
mean I think she's so cute but she's
always like so yeah so so so like just
like looking at the view right is so
funny
just keep there she could have millions
up I hate him because I did a little I
threw a little shade of drinker stuff
but not on like purpose on Twitter I
didn't know he's gonna start a big feud
and I'm going ahead like attacked me for
it I'm like oh my god there are some
crazy fandoms out there so I try not to
talk shit when I was really talking shit
I was kinda like joking I was like
poking fun at him but whatever people
took it very seriously that's neither
here nor there so I'm watching that and
then I also watched this girl Shannon
Rose you guys know I talked about her um
she was doing like a Kickstarter for
like a horror film project from
Weishaupt and some like article or
something and we just started talking on
like Twitter and stuff and
I've never actually hung out with her
and I really really want to she seems
super sweet she's I love her and her
boyfriend you guys should check her out
too um she's just so funny and they
always say Stoops instead of stupid and
we think it's I've been saying it and I
said to my sister the day I make your
Stoops that's Stoops and shake what's
the fuck of Stoops like that's a new
thing I'm starting although Shannon
actually started it so and I started
saying Stoops in my video she she and
her boyfriend say it and I love them and
they just moved out of LA which makes me
so fucking sad because I would have like
totally been friends with her I'm like
her boyfriend super hot I think he
started a YouTube channel so I haven't
checked it out yet but I got check that
she's vegan and she's like loves the
animals and she was super sweet after my
disaster or video being and I said sorry
and she was like super sweet and shake
if you ever want to try vegan and then I
was to meet up with her before she moved
in then I went to New York it was a big
thing but I loved her and then I watched
celebrity wife swap
I'm watching the Kendra and Kate one I
don't know I watched like a really
really weird weird weird stuff so I
don't know I'm just trying to keep
occupied but I like to have like three
open because I let's just switch back
and forth I'm gonna sound like ten
YouTube's open I like to switch back and
forth especially like like long videos I
like she's just watching a couple
minutes and then go to someone else's
watch couple minutes and just I don't
know sometimes I do it
well I'm eating sometimes I'm doing it
out of boredom but anyways alright guys
we owned by the way oh my gosh yes these
posts that's available at posters and
merged at all I have so much new merch
I'm gonna go she goes many more hold on
so these are sold out or discontinued or
something I don't know these used to be
available on my Peter sent Spreadshirt
but they're not anymore
but um I just got some new merch in it
and by the way I just loved this phone
case so much it is so freaking awesome
it's like perfect for Halloween I was
just really really impressed with like
the brightness of it and then I did get
some shirts I ordered these like all
myself they don't send them to me or
anything so I always order them but
they're just a little dark I'm not
really sure why they're a little dark
but I don't really I don't know I don't
mind a kind like that it's a little
grainy so I got that and then I got a
hoodie in the same but I ordered some
other like um designs and like colors
see if it pops a little better but those
are the black ones and this is just not
my official this is like the image from
my book cover but not my actual
book cover so I'm actually gonna
probably bring this with me just in case
it gets cold later tonight I don't know
I don't even know what we're doing but
yeah but I was really impressed with
this I'm gonna actually take this out
I'm gonna rescue his on me on my knee um
oh I love it
like a rubber case on round it so cute
right uh it's so bright I was just I'm
really impressed with quality of this so
I was like I think it's kind of perfect
for like Halloween time and I actually
put this on my case but I know of a
Mophie charger so I don't know if I also
find me I bet I like that it's like
rubber on the side it's so cool and this
is like hard plastic um anyways I
thought should be exciting I know okay
guys we're 26 Beach and this is Shane's
first time I got my burger my fries and
like this Shane's favor what kind of
burger you did okay
I haven't even burger since two years
ago in a blog called Shane's first
burger check it out vlog oh my god it's
a date burger it smells like grandma's
neck I'm really excited
Oh tastes like grandma's neck hey what's
the dessert you want tomorrow we have an
artery about every cha-cha-cha milkshake
it's like a Mexican milkshake it's like
the wave energy loss Tommy doesn't have
my name but how is the burger are you
living work I'm like living for I'm like
I like it probably back to life I mean
what really nasty fries to that he order
that had like fucking gravy and Shawn it
but he took it gave it away
Shane only eats one bite of everything
and then like gives it away like it's so
weird but anyway it's we're in like the
middle of it you love it are you living
4126 peach first time here you would be
born man
I'm totally scaring myself again I scare
myself I swear to goodness
okay so we watched a bunch of um horror
movie trailers not the horror movies
their trailers their scariest shit
because things are popping up all the
time and there's when this Garris Pete
is popping up it so she went people like
are in my house that like I mean
obviously I know like they're here
obviously but like I'm so not used to
having anyone at my house so when people
are here and I feel like shaking if I'm
not using my bathroom or like she look
at what the fuck and I was seeing like
someone's like scaring me because I hate
I hate it so much but we watch like some
weird ass like horror movie trailers and
it was like so weird
by the way I was so hot it's so hot in
my house so now I have no pants on but
you know one company's here you gotta
keep your pants on but I just hate
wearing pants I don't know what it is
anyways okay I'm like freaking myself
out because I want to look in here I
keep thinking and you is always scare me
like I can't see that like shadow behind
her and I get so freaked out and it was
so scary but anyways something you like
doing like Halloween like a Halloween
short horror film
it's like nipple on so weird I just
don't know what yet but I think I don't
have an idea but I think I know how to
like go about it I'm excited about it
like I had will have an idea there's
like I like chase scenes cuz I'm like I
always used to I do them in like oh my
gosh it's gotta be in a parking lot I
gotta do one in a parking lot you guys
know I fucking love chase scenes in
parking lot
I gotta do one in a parking lot anyways
I don't even know what I'm blabbing
about it's like late and I'm so like
Hans what are you like my guy is out of
town and all I want is cuddles
no I do I miss cuddles and his cuddles
and kisses and something about horror
films they make me fucking like turned
on and like I fucking just wanna fucking
f mom man you know what I'm saying such
as life but he'll be back soon
and then my no pants look how much
racket that looks it looks so on a
dragon right now yes goo a gossiper this
is fucking I look like fucking the
shrunken head from Beetlejuice that is
the most because of my wide-angle lens I
mean I get the rest was like attrition
lots not whiting illogic true body but
like seriously look I'll show you like
it just makes anything you put the
camera at bigger look how big my tits
look but then like having my nose looks
I mean like it's just whatever you're
pointing it out but anyways so blabbing
but I'm going to end a vlog because I
swear to goodness I'm like it being the
worst ending vlogs which they almost
look for tomorrow if I blog more
tomorrow I don't know we'll see one of
it is recording myself sleeping I feel
like I should do that one day I actually
did one like four years ago marine
channel I promise la story haven't no I
just fucking like talking this is why so
it's like PI hard for me to keep a guy
any guy would a gates me seriously and
we like like I talked him to sleep like
they'll literally fall asleep you should
share about with my mom and as an adult
for like a year we had the same bad was
shared and I would just like talked her
and she's like fall asleep I just have
people to sleep so that's one way to do
I don't even almost or what's going no
story oh my god I just totally just well
joyfully I'm sorry
yeah good gig big I so happy I see my
prayers prayers every night thankful for
what I have and I just thank God for all
the blessings he's given me in life but
I feel me is healthy and happy
and I'm healthy and happy I have great
friends I have a great significant other
um I have a great job and I have a great
you guys because I am so freakin lucky
to have people support me I swear okay
so I just love my new thing is like I
don't I need to start answering comments
in this channel because I'm HL start
answering comments like I always read it
but like replying just makes my heart
happy because then you guys will reply
back
oh my god like you is he a really
excited that I reply and I never thought
like that man you think I don't know
like I just didn't think it was like a
big deal to like or plot I don't know
it's weird but people can't really happy
I mean like treat me say oh my god I
can't believe you like reply to me that
makes me so fuckin happy that like you
guys can get happy over at like you guys
bring me joy by watching my videos and
supporting me and like telling me your
stories and sharing your experiences and
similar things with me and then in turn
I can make you happy because I think I
could I don't think it could make
someone like that happy and some of you
guys get so excited and even though you
may not actually be crying so he doesn't
work out like literally crying that
makes me so happy
I just don't even know like I'm glad I
can bring someone joy or when someone's
like Trisha like your videos make me
happy or like the take me out of my real
world if that makes me so happy
can I swear to goodness sometimes I
doubt myself like I love making it like
honestly like vlogging too especially
it's kind of like second nature to me I
just kind of log things and I didn't
like the desert it was really good chop
cake and ricotta
Cortado milkshake so good um I don't
know I just love that I can make
something happy cuz oh that's was saying
like this is like fun to me now if you
know it's just like I don't but like I
love that you guys fucking I go to the
gym
it was so distracted but okay that's
Trish's life I want to find like I had
lice in the fourth grade oh my god I'm
doing so baki distracted I love you guys
so much give thanks and praise to Jesus
let him be your Saviour for when you
passed all your doubts onto him you will
be worried no more
you'll be free of worried and released
of stress in doubt just having faith in
the Lord and I pray for stronger faith
every day for me and stronger faith for
you guys because even with the tiniest
mustard seed of faith all things are
possible in the Lord and I thank God for
that I have a really great friends and
really great family and I know I said
this already but I feel really blessed
right now in my life but I look back and
I was blessed in every stage of my life
God has always provided me with food
shelter ability to get medical care when
needed prayer faith
he's provided that for me and that's
very blessed I'm very blessed and I
can't answer the questions for those of
you who are non-believers or doubters
that say you know God doesn't care about
the sick children or the homeless people
I don't know I don't know the answer to
that I don't know his plan he does care
and love each of us some of us have to
suffer here on earth more than other we
all have to suffer we all have crosses
to bear I sometimes believe those who
suffer here more on earth get to go
straight to heaven get to live you know
what I mean there's there's just
multiple reasons in my head I try not to
rationalize it because I feel like
there's no explanation right now on this
earth I don't know why things happen
like cancer just children I don't know
it's sad and but I think Paul's going to
be revealed in the end of this life you
know what I mean
I'm so sorry I'm like going all of it
but sometimes I get really deep into my
own head I don't know I just I know I
wish I had answers for some of you guys
who are like non-believers but all I
know is just have faith have faith in
the Lord and know that something is
bigger than all of us something created
this universe and they created us for a
reason they created you and me for a
reason and there's no accidents there's
no accidents so I don't know the whole
thing I just went a whole weird
direction
I look good so much my back so I'm
resting it thank you for watching
hi Rick Moranis and until next time hey
I'm a kiss-ass Buffalo bye guys
