let's up on top good morning which is
technically afternoon um just you know
just living it up on a Sunday trying to
get some new glasses today uh yeah I'm
running errands I gotta go so Sunday
today whatever day it is when you're
watching this but it's Sunday today and
I like to go get my groceries for the
week like all my fresh fruit and eggs
and you guys know like what I eat now
for mostly pretty routine so I like to
get it for the week so that way it's
like I don't get too hungry and like you
know like goes on the weekend I pretty
much eat what I want again but luckily
my stomach has shrunken and I don't eat
as much but I had it II what I want and
then during the week I would like to
have the food already there so it's like
I'm not like oh my god I have to go
store which ones me still hungry when I
go to the room still hungry or didn't go
the grocery store so I'm gonna do that
and then since my um my glasses place is
right next door I want to get some new
glasses I know I just got these and I
love them and love them so I want to
keep one pair in my car and one just to
watch TV have a really big TV now in my
bedroom but I want to have um like two
pairs because I'm always forgetting I'm
like when I'm upstairs watching TV and
oh man I left in my car and when I'm
driving with oh my god I'm upstairs so I
want like just to hear so I'm going to
look at that today get some groceries
and Big Brother party tonight um yeah
I'm really excited about tonight
okay so Shane's can be able to watch Big
Brother which is like super cool and
exciting but Shaun klitz nur youtuber
that I was like arch-nemesis with like
three years ago during King the web
division where we can go up he was in
the Beauty category and thought it was a
complete bullshit I was like what 21 or
got so complete bullshit he should not
be able to be in a that even doopy doopy
his little and he ended up winning and I
was like so pissed about it so we had
like this bribe or back then and they
never met him but like we do we both
work on door 3 and stuff like that and I
don't know you know I like grew up or
whatever and so I'm really excited and
Shane met him on a shoot is like super
cool no spook brother and I'm like let's
do this so we're gonna have a little BB
16 party tonight and I'm really excited
I've never met him before so I don't
know
I'm like vlog it but what do I ever know
I'm going to vlog nothing so yeah we'll
see we'll see how it goes but that's
what I'm doing day that's pretty much
like the lazy day I kind of I was just
like so lazy this morning Hudson
watching TV on YouTube you know dude hey
guys I'm looking so rough this rain oh
my god
I'd also tired all the time and logged
nothing yesterday that was just an epic
epic fails logging so I'm gonna probably
just string together a bunch of Clips
this week cuz my man is back in town
which I'm excited about
he's out of town a lot and so he's in
town for like the week and really
excited but I probably won't be doing
much without him so I don't know how
much I'll be vlogging this week so I
think I'll just string together a bunch
of clips but definitely tried to still
vote Jay I'm not tried still go
so really late last night last night it
was really really fun I guess now I hung
out with Shane and chunk Lynette which
is super fun I was super love it I'm
like BAM like youtuber but like not but
like hanging out the you dude was like
Who am I um you know that was like
really good so I'm just going to the gym
and I was like I'm gonna vlog and be
like oh look out you should be very
proud of me I'm going to the gym we
don't see a show about people who walk
and say what they're doing and they
don't actually show it like a guys just
got done doing that that's me that is me
and I'm like I'm like well we're but
that's why I don't want to do daily vlog
so I'm literally just like sitting at my
house being like Chuck emails watching
YouTube that's not fun
that's not fun for anyone including me
so um so I think I'm just like string
together some clubs so sometimes it's
the truck you just want to talk to
somebody and you guys have me somebody
so I don't know if I do anything
interesting this week that's gonna be in
a string of clubs and I will let you
know whether it is a new day because
yesterday was Sunday
today is Monday tomorrow is Tuesday
let's just do the whole days of the week
um
when I was in school we had Sunday
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday
I think it's then we start again and
then you do it again Sunday Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday and that's the end of the week
right if it's one I don't know this is
my thighs it's late but I thought I
would teach to come to the spring with
me everyone always ask me about my
tanning and um you know my spray so I'm
going to show you guys the booth I use
because it's not a mystic tan but I'll
show you
right here cap on the bush
Pearson
keep
explode cetera but even
geez so this is going to be just like
I'm sure it is a pile of clips from this
week because I have been just all over
the place when you got a new man in your
lap you just you know things just get
out of whack things get a little out of
place
get a little late right I'm a little a
wired like heat rewire me this morning
I'm flying yeah I just have it nice on I
just had sex it's not a song I don't
know I know
honestly guys you would think I'm like a
virgin every time I have sex because
every time I'm like oh my god that was
the best thing ever I don't know I'm
like I'm a sex addict not everybody
loves sex and I like I'm not even
putting my sister's like shit out there
but like she's out someone who like
loves it you know like she like lies it
with my person but I just like love it
I'm a nympho huntin fo maniac I'm pretty
sure I am I have addictions to
everything in my life and I battle them
one by one and some are good addictions
and some are bad addictions sex is a
good addiction but you know as long as
you're safe and I mean I'm just havin
sex with one person now so I think I'm
saved but you never know for sure
um we're condoms at the point of this
this is the safety message brought to
you by Magnum condoms sponsored just
kidding I would love it though okay guys
serious real talk here and then when we
make a walk because it's been on for way
too long
I'm just so tired of those kind of good
um where was I going with that oh I'm
not Megan but another company another
kind of company reached out to me on her
to sponsor one our main Channel videos
and I was like yeah yeah cool cool and
so I was like into it because I was like
yes I believe in safe sex I was like I
definitely would love to promote it I
mean I do anyways regardless um but
they're like yeah if you could just do
like you know just some vaginal stuff
some you know I don't do the anal I was
like wait what and then I realize they
were contacting me cuz like that I did
poor but they found my information on
YouTube I was like I don't I don't do
porn and unless you mean to have vaginal
intercourse on YouTube pretty sure I'm
gonna get flagged so and it was like a
legit like condom company and when you
forget if you guys do um just YouTube
here's a little a little tip for you
seems like a no-brainer but not always
because I've had alone the hard way if
you ever wanna know if they're from like
a reputable company or like legit place
like if they're saying oh we're from
Pepsi but their thing is like lightning
rod five eight eight at gmail.com or
something I don't know like I just
randomly made that up like public
knowledge it like make sure they have
the companies like uncom in there you
know I mean I think that's like a good
tip to know to make sure you're not
going to scam or dealing with shady
people or whatever so I always you know
like when big companies like I've got
some pure ones have gotten some condom
ones I just make sure that it's um from
that company because that sounds shady
as fuck but I get it like they're there
I guess now I don't I don't really I
don't watch porn so I don't know but I
guess now they're using condoms in porn
or something I thought they always did I
don't know anyone porn
I don't even know where this point I'm
so happy to just chill out though I'm
going to be leaving out of town my
boyfriend for the next couple days so
I'm kind of just chillin today and
everything's kind of already packed from
staying at his house so I don't have
much to Pok so I'm just like chillin
taking it easy
um I filmed some videos I had to come
home because I had a phone some of you
videos a boy you class on my main
channel um so yeah what's not uh how are
you guys doing everything good with you
guys I miss you do you miss me how do
you miss me I don't talk to guys
everyday um so again sorry for the
little delay and um vlogs because I
haven't been doing that much but
hopefully you're enjoying these little
snippets I'm excited to edit because I
don't even know what I've recorded that
I'm putting in this vlog so it'll just
be a hodgepodge um yeah my lips have
gone down well I had some lip liner so
that's what you're seeing right here
let's slip on to um yeah that's pretty
much it so I'm gonna go wash my face and
um I hope I get to pick up my glasses
today if not I'm just gonna go cuz I've
been doing so good with eating like so
good but I think I get some pa-ching say
it's not even bad instead of getting
what I normally get a PF Changs I just
get like the chicken lettuce wraps which
I know they're not like the healthiest
but they're like you know not a lot of
carbs which is good so I think I'm just
gonna eat that that's like my kind of my
cheat thing today and watch big brother
my god doesn't get big brother he said I
don't understand I don't like I was
watching it one night that we can change
he's I don't know no we'll watch I just
don't get
it mean you can't agree on everything
right mm-hmm
um so yeah I guess I'm good and I'll see
you at another you they are doing some
construction over here on PCH um yeah I
was literally was just sitting there for
like not kidding like not exaggerating
the 30 minutes
I don't know what it is it's like all
down to one lane on Pacific Coast
Highway just like the one Highway it's
literally one uh-huh and it's like we
were backed up it's like one lane so
like only one direction so my transition
um so yeah I was like sitting there
forever and they're doing like crazy
crazy construction um so I just ordered
some lettuce wrap I was trying to watch
a wait to like Big Brother strikes I
like to eat and watch TV um but since I
got so many chicken lettuce wraps I
think I'll still have some left over for
tonight so I can like Snap on it later I
was just so hungry like oh my god girl
use goggle get it now because I was
starving um so yeah Wow crazy just so
you guys see the back up like this is
all backed up now
oh yes I don't know what it is about
that PF Changs that I go to it's not
really that close to my house it's like
a good 20 minutes because that's like
the people's SPF drinks that we have I
love my food okay but that one I have to
find another one there's another one
about 20 miles away and I'm just going
to go to that one even though this one's
easier to get to they always mess up my
order and it's just it's so crazy so
they're like as you can see I'm two bags
over there they're like oh do you want
us to give you a free dessert like no
really
but then I'm like yeah food and so I got
the banana spring rolls I'm like are
they already made because I don't want
have to wait for those two always they
always screw it up always it's so weird
and I'm so I like wreak iterate I'm one
of those really annoying people that's
like you got that right like no this no
I don't know what I do wrong
um but anyway I thought that was blah so
they came up for dessert and that's like
okay alright so I guess I'll be getting
dessert watching Big Brother tonight
which I am more than okay with um but
I'm really excited to eat them so hunger
and I hope I don't miss it in that line
again that's like literally the only
route though to get back to my house I
mean there's like a really long about
way but I just ate wait longer anyways
so she had this hour perfect though so
yeah guys it's so exciting
so yeah I'm with like I said I'll be
gone for a couple days so I'm gonna take
a couple days off of blogging supply and
this vlogs and I feel like there's like
five days work just random clips that I
should piece together I don't really
like random vlogs like that words like
different days and it's just not daily
vlogs you know what I mean so hopefully
when I get back I can um I can continue
a continue with the vlogging
so yeah all right guys well um I'm gonna
go eat and I know how much y'all love to
watch me eat just kidding when I ate the
pizza everyone's like oh my god you look
like a pig so sorry it's just how I
Bucky II I myself clutch about how you
get anyways for me but I like rarely in
front of people and so I really really
know them well or I just don't feel
judged with them um so there's that ah
so I - I'm talking that's I just I'm
trying to kill time because I hate me in
the car alone here is that time a night
my favorite part of the night I'm just
going to lay down on my couch and watch
Big Brother and I'm still so full from
lunch so cuz I eat at a weird time
sitting at my glasses but I guess I'll
have to get them when I get back from my
little trip but it's so weird I'm I'm
always I've been so used to being alone
every night so now you know for the past
two years whatever but now that I've
been hanging out my man it feels weird
to just like be alone and it's like I
don't like it I don't like it it's so
weird like I was a myself a loner but
maybe not I think I kind of liked
talking to people and being around other
people's company and I got this like
topknot thing at me which in my outgrow
I know girl get that shit done I know I
know I'm gonna do it before I go to
Vegas I should got it done before I left
for tomorrow but what you do
um but yeah so anyways gonna watch some
bad neighbor roller I don't know talk
with me mm yeah that's my day or week I
hope you enjoyed these clip it's this is
like this one giant mile Avedon is
interesting and some people think when
I've logged on my main channel I would
only put up vlogs and I was like doing
something interesting or fun should I do
that on this channel because I know I've
been saying for a while now like Laurie
this is kind of boring should I eat up
when I fed I kind of think I'm going to
just I mean I'm not the Shaytards where
I have 500 people living in my house to
make it interesting all the time um I
don't know
and for those of you who um you know I'm
gonna try and get maybe him on my
youtube eventually but like you know I
don't want to like just be one of those
people just put like my whole
relationship out there I put myself out
there I do but even like with my family
like my dad my brother like I respect
their privacy enough to not like put
them on camera you know I mean like
there are certain people that don't want
to be on camera and not because they
don't love me or anything because my
family you know um they're all about me
you know I love them and I have the best
time with them but I understands they
all don't want to be on camera like
that's just not their thing um so like I
said we'll see maybe eventually he'll
warm up to it I don't even think he's
seen any of these videos just probably
thing um but yeah so I'm just chilling
I'm also tired I'm so tired it's only
like it's like a 15 AB but it's like not
that late I'm like so tired but maybe
he's excited get away for the weekend
but don't worry I will be taking mice to
Vegas with me when I go with my mom and
my sister cuz y'all know they don't want
being on my my blog near a blog so I'll
definitely do that thank you guys so
much for watching
and staying subscribe to this channel I
like this channel it's like a little
diary for me as boring as it can be I
mean it's like my life you know so it's
kind of fun for me to document it and
talk to you guys when I'm bored but yeah
alright guys I'm gonna go and I'm going
to actually end a vlog Oh shocker
getting more whiskers he's only have one
what's courier now I'm getting like too
and I've been plucking sewing oh and I
want to get Vegas inspired and nails if
you guys see any cool nail art I'm even
let me know in the comments or like
tweet me a link or something cuz I'm
gonna get some cool biggest nails but
yeah alright guys I love you so much
thank you for watching either it ran and
until next time yeah my kisses when they
don't put that this hmm
bye guys
