I mean I have gone out and clubbed all
night last night but the sure feels like
it
so basically when I left you guys and
I'm gonna bad I'm so tired I don't know
time that was midnight or whatever I was
so tired but then I got a little face
time and so I was like okay well I have
to FaceTime my boo and so we facetimed
and he's in for like four hours I was
like I'm with that you should just come
over we're gonna FaceTime that long but
I was like so so tired
so we FaceTime and I what was like like
3:45 when I got off so like I actually
went to bed I like fell asleep leave
4:30 probably and it I think I totally
just cut you guys off but it is I don't
know why did that 9:40 so my training
sessions at 10:00 a.m. and I'm so tired
but thank God my sister called me this
morning cuz I did not set an alarm but
it was nothing child she's my alarm
clock so hard workout I have like not a
cute outfit on today I wanted to wear
like something cute or to the gym cuz
like the gym I got shit from dresses
like really really cute I dressed like a
slob every time but whatever it's the
gym Cara's right you go to look hot and
not to already be hot also my gym people
are already hot so it is so that's my
Saturday morning and I ate like not
great food last night of course oh my
gosh and you get me a girl because
everyone always tells me diet is like
where you lose the weight and I said I
know I know it's just so hard sometimes
bachelor I eat off and on some
alright I'll see how this training
session goes so I look nice and matte
fresh before my gym and this is after
the gym but I sat in texted for like 15
minutes after I I was like I really want
to do my arms my stomach because my legs
were really hurting last time so that
was a mistake don't ever tell your
trainer what you want to do because then
he's gonna fucking kill you on it like
you want your arms to fucking hurt
I'm gonna make your answer we did so
much like pulling my own weight up which
I've always sucked at in in high school
I could never do pull-ups oh shit I was
like I can't really do that train around
abayas I love training abroad I was
trying to run out like social media to
promote because he's fucking awesome but
my fucking body hurts but whatever um at
least to help me accountable to go to
the gym today so now I gotta go home and
shut work because I'm a stinky mess who
showers at the gym I mean a lot of
people shower at the gym is they answer
that question but like I don't know how
you can do that I feel like so weird
showering at other people's houses you
know what I mean like then I'm I don't
like showering at the gym anyways
alright guys here we go
Saturday what do we have in store for
Saturday I guess we'll find out all
showered and fresh fresh to death or to
the gym took a shower put some make bump
honestly guys I feel much better I
haven't worn makeup in a while like just
for my day and I feel so much better
with makeup on sometimes you just want
to like put sit but not like sometimes
you don't want to but like if you feel
like really gross about yourself like
but make one it makes you help it helps
you feel better I don't know what it is
I feel good I'm gonna go get some lunch
with shades excited at the one-and-only
Mexican restaurant there we go through
all the freaking time it's so good oh my
- like the best thing ever um so yeah
doing that and I was reading a book
actually when my hair was drying um I
didn't get on my computer it was like
such a weird I was in a weird I didn't
get a Jamba Juice did I say that yeah I
didn't get Adama triste so that was good
um khlo I'm gonna go eat some candy so
anyways um focus Tricia I was reading
the book to Selena with love I think
it's called basically is the book
written about Selena's life from Chris
Perez her husband her husband's point of
view
oh yeah that's her husband I don't know
let's tell your husband if he died I
don't know it was a really sad though I
love the movie Selena I don't know what
it is like I didn't I don't remember a
Selena I mean she died what a 95 I think
so I was was I seven and like I like she
was more big in the Chicano scene I know
she like crossed over and stuff
obviously from a movie I knew that but
like I don't remember her like my
parents don't listen to her or anything
but um I ever since watching movie the
movie was such a great thing for people
like me who didn't really know about
Selena like bringing her music cuz now
I'm like obsessed with Selena's music
like I listen to like like literally all
her songs like I think I have like all
her songs that she recorded I just love
it so I love her so much night like
would watch stuff on YouTube and stuff
and I just really enjoyed the book but
it was really it's really sad well I'm
not on with it yeah but it's just like
just like heartbreaking and it's so sad
to me and I couldn't imagine finding
like the love of your life and then like
dying and he just felt bad that he kind
of protect her from Yolanda and I know
it's just it's just so sad like life is
so sad sometimes and then to make you
appreciate your life that much more gosh
when people have to die
I'm necessarily you know to me everyone
has to die but when people's lives get
taken prematurely and with no just cause
it's like so sad that someone just could
take someone's life like that hopefully
that girl repents hopefully she has
God's forgiveness on her just show so
sad this world but faith that everything
happens for a reason and clearly it was
just God wanted Selena home
she brought so much goodness on this
earth and he just wanted an more angel
and goodness in heaven so that's the way
I see I don't even know where I don't
know why I'm talking like I know her but
I know Sam but it's really good I'd
highly recommend it so anyway steppin on
a book kick lately
alright so almost getting to school so
we just got to Kay's Donuts this is a
place in Santa Monica that Shane found
are you can enough you're hiding and
obviously I don't want to be a part of
it um mainly because slightly
embarrassed why cuz we just read $40 I
notice that also here's the thing so we
found this place on Instagram and it
looked like super like bougie mmm I use
that word right well not really they say
is well then it is boozy this place on
Instagram you look this let's call
decays donut look it up on Instagram
it's like Asian girls everywhere like
fucking slick floors that you can lick
fucking whipped cream off of everybody's
like in the club like bouncing so I'm
expecting a club and we get your show
that show the shit take Donuts like this
like shit they're from my hometown of
Long Beach it looks like a shit where
somebody got shot outside they sell
bagels with pizza on top of them tuna
shut that light is not lucious Biggins I
guess booty actually means something
that people think as where it's actually
tacky so what about you this is perfect
listen we still love it we're Stewie
though we don't know I haven't tried it
but I am a little thrown off by the
advertise you can integrate its Poppins
yeah like look at this like like like
okay you
that you expect some crazy Club kids
what you get is this old man look at a
pigeon debating whether or not he's
gonna fucking feed that pigeon part his
crown hood that's what you can that's
what you get its home in the cronuts
that's how I've heard of it it is home
with the cronut so we got some crumb we
might do a haul or not we might just
earn at all what would it be a fucking
toy sense but my sister's meeting us at
my house so where we got our protein
donut I'm not home no no and uh-huh yeah
awful enough I mean that could be a
thing and I feel like Trevor chases
would really love it so so that's what
we're doing anyways I had a show because
it's so ghetto and I'm like I had the
vlog so see how they actually are is
that the waffle we waited like 20
minutes for a waffle donut by the way
this smells like McDonald's farts Oh
anal bleeding novice so gross though by
the way I got a purple drink we saw
people coming out with them this is a
purple um it's pot oh is that what it is
touted have Honka doing try before I do
by the way people said oh I can't
believe she's like sharing listening
candy a stretcher so you went right I
know no are you sure yes but I'm gonna
change it you don't want to even try a
step what you're gonna change it yeah
cuz they're say I'm not opposed to share
my candy because they think I have a
disease so do you want to try or I do
you do I'll try it I'll prove to them
that you don't have a disease
whoa game Wow oh you hate it it's good
right it tastes like a creamsicle water
it starts this milk and then it and then
it hits me in the face with some fruit
but then also slaps me in the jaw with
some cucumbers like putting it out in a
glass what the hell is this it's putting
in a glass it's really good it's Jackie
it's tayo tapioca top ha all right I
don't know it's like a doughnut like and
of tapioca wrestling on fresh space fish
fish hey so um it's not oh it's late but
it's not like super late it's like all
right then the morning is my boobs
completely out about them
oops sorry not sorry um it's about 1:00
in the morning
hi fun day
super fun day I I love like I always
feel like this is like such a um like a
diary I feel like this is kind of diary
um because I reflect the day my plazas
my video diary so this channels been
coming basically because it's like
literally just me talking to myself like
oh this is what today was I kind of love
it
um because it kya trails is journey I'm
on of a self love self-discovery just I
think something that we're always on
we're always like trying to find
yourself always trying to love ourselves
more um and for I feel good you know I
can I realized I complain a lot and I
don't really have a reason to because I
start about the night driving hired a
place to like eat or something I was
just like this is what I used to like
live for in like high school I wanted so
bad to like drive around with friends
you know what I mean it's such a weird
thing I know it sounds like said I'm
sounds like such a loser and I said it
out loud another career wise I'm like
such a loser but but it's true like I
just love hanging out with people you
know and I'm really really fortunate
that I have like people to hang out with
my life you know I have my freakin guy
in my life that I'm like in love with I
have my wonderful friends in my life
that I love to spend time with I love my
job and my job's fucking amazing I'm so
blessed um like and things are good my
faith is stronger than ever
you know I'm getting my body right you
know and it's like I feel like in a
really good mine mines at as a whole
point of that is it's like nothing's
dramatically has changed in the past
this past year from the began this year
chanel but my mindset has which just
goes to show you that you have the power
to control your own wattage guys know I
was like really depressed and sad all
the time and it's what you want I'm
alone at night or whatever I am you know
I can get down on myself I feel like I'm
so long but like the thing is
more men to be you don't I mean like I'm
right where God like wants me to be and
it's nice to like you know be able to go
and like hang with friends and hang with
my guy and like you know I mean like
it's just really really nice I don't
know I'm crying loudly at this point but
it's not just because like oh I'm like
in like I started becoming in this like
a Fisher relationship this week like
it's more of it's just more of my my
frame you know what I mean
and I think when you start to think
positively other things just come that's
positive um so you know you can change
the way you're thinking right now if
you're negative and depressed you have a
power to change it you know new media
like even if your situation is not
physically changing like you can change
it mentally and by changing it mentally
then you're actually you're going to
manifest a physical change in your life
um and I see that now I understand that
now I don't really believe in like the
secret and stuff I kind of get it but I
don't know I just think think positive
be positive you know um but I believe
that all just under the big umbrella of
faith I think faith is just all that in
a nutshell
so anyways um tomorrow I think we're
gonna have a little Big Brother party
and then I'm gonna be spending the week
with my gat I'm gonna spend some time
with him so I may not belong that much
but I'm gonna try and space out my blogs
so you're not like 50 I are too much um
but if I'm just mean then I'll vlog I
guess I'm it's awkward to put I think
your relationship on you know now I
never put anything on my religion on the
Internet
I just want y'all to be mean to him I
know like most of yours like so nice to
me but you know randos that come across
this might be like you know that's her
boyfriend or you know he's dating her
and that's why what I should be more
scared of like what the fuck is he even
my friend Greg on my main channel I'm
almost like ill why is he was trash like
or why is he friends with Trish cuz
we're fucking friends like and I really
have my feelings everyone was saying
that I told him I said I'm sorry if I'm
like
highly embarrassed to be associated with
me aren't you it's like no but all my
friends are like this like you read
fucking way too much gossip forums like
I'm your fucking friend like I get I can
told this a lot actually I'm your
fucking friend I still fucking annoying
when you think I'm like thinking things
that I'm not and I overthink everything
and I need to fucking stop because it's
like self-destructive on my own south
and other people around me so I really
need to work out that's one thing I got
to learn not to do just I don't need to
push away any more people my life so I'm
just a happy place
I fucking love my life and it's a really
cool feeling to like love your life yeah
I hope you guys love your life even if
you don't love your life at the moment
change your mind a lot BAM
thank you know what I'm living breathing
I'm eating you're watching this you have
the internet you sure you have a roof
over your head umm so try to focus on
positives I know it's a fucking card
associated always sad I know nobody
loves me you start fucking sound like
people know my family loves me you know
my friends on me and then know them that
love comes or if you have a bat and
you're like I just want a career be like
I'm able to provide right now with
whatever you're doing or whoever's take
care of you who are we were living with
and you'll be able to provide more when
you start thinking about that like thank
you thinking things I don't know why I'm
like blabbing I'm actually I'm tired now
I can talk to you guys just like let me
fall asleep to you guys ever watch me
while you fall asleep let me know or
when you wake up so if you are oh I
watch when you wake up like that's so
weird or watchful day but it's kind like
reality show right anyways guys I love
you so much and thank you for watching
thank you for being with me on this
journey I'm gonna go ahead and go but
until next time hydrat Renison here my
kisses my little baby she mm-hmm
