hi sterling a little crazy but going to
the gym for a training session
I already feel tired we'll see what
happens when I get out of there oh my
god guys look at my face how red it is
I'm sure like gasping for air like
draining holy shit
trainer ban kicked my ass oh my god I am
so freakin tired and like he said this
is like a light workout like trying to
get me back into it but he didn't say I
was in good cardiovascular health thank
you very much because when my heart rate
was like up to 160 it dropped like 113
pretty quickly he said that's a good
sign of cardio health so bitch is my
walking pay da ville' if he said well he
doesn't count walking fucking counts and
I felt like a superstar that I actually
had something good about my health so
tired dying I'm gonna go get a Jamba
Juice because honestly guys I don't even
feel like eating like real food today
like I'm just I know and I know Gemma
has like sugar but I can't I'll show you
guys what I got I have something like I
don't like no sugar in it and oh sure
editors I don't know um yeah I'm just
beginning my furniture delivery today do
that she's a really boring day did I
mention that you really buy last night I
was out with my boyfriend and we ate so
freaking bad and I drank so fucking much
I don't even a high later this morning
but I did because part of me I feel like
doing these um daily like these vlogs
especially it's like hold me accountable
so like if a week goes by you're like
Trish we haven't seen a vlog of you at
the gym like you had to hold me
accountable for this you know me
so I'm come back Saturday me and trainer
ban on Saturday boom bitch he's awesome
he's literally non-existent on the
internet though I would link him
somewhere but he's non-existent on the
internet I said dude you need to get on
this in on that shit
that was the fastest Jamba Juice ever
like it literally took two seconds after
I ordered to get that John produces
that's crazy
um plus I guess I never threw chip in
there before but now every time I'm
going to because when we throw a tip at
John which is they say tip tip her ray I
think you tis that so clever so I got a
raspberry red because I got something
back whatever it's my meal okay so does
that back to mark out this little biatch
came over oh no you look so cute she's
on her lunch break but she she's Fi
Melling right now she's just like FML
e-everything so I have I have these two
tickets in my purse so I was like let's
scratch them I kind of in the shot
actually I'll show that you just think
you say when the half a million will get
see reactions so these are $10 tickets I
would like to get them more than the
ones I feel like you could win more
money I don't know yeah but I never won
anything either so the first one is
California black exclusive went up to a
million dollars this is the million
dollar ticket I think and I said get the
camera because I feel like these are
winners black like the American living
for the booze rule many of you numbers
to any of the six winning numbers when
that prize uncovered ten times symbol
wall I play these before I do oh sorry
I mean okay yeah my mom used to buy
these all the time
our mom maybe hmm come on baby not
looking good so the positive ID
Needham's
you know they're always a right by your
numbers to thank honey three
well basically I'm 32 and I got 31 and
33 kidding are you kidding are you
kidding
ten dollars wasted next okay this one
much confusing bonus crossword oh that
one's gonna take a while why it's a
cross off the letters all of them that's
the game yeah those are your you have to
undo your letters right here I think no
way you know who I was watching I was
watching some I think don't be tardy I
think it's called at the gym hmm
and it's Shabbat there's ten hundred
dollars worth of scratchers you and know
she bought the whole book and shake
should've just bought a couple thousand
more okay I mean you could have bought
like something else for that obviously
she has no sir shortage of money
obviously eating healthy I'm eating
healthy now - or just healthy little
eaters alright so now I can just use all
these letters to scratch off mm-hmm
oh I see what you're saying why would
t-coil do i have je aime no I have a J
in an A
what's the best way to do it just get
Asian and scratch all the HS off for
what mmm I like to do my bowels so I see
how many vowels I have like you have a
iy that's it
okay I'll scratch on my eyes but is this
a sin thing Jackie George I don't have a
seat or knee or no what's with not
giving me an e that's like the role of
will fortune are as always they should
we just get them I guess we're not
really guessing anything I miss my no
I'm not missing me I am going through
the age first oh you have a second bonus
burn but you don't have any monkey mmm
gosh there's like so many um you have
you have an O though you have O's and
are you David s no oh wait what is that
no Bobby
yeah I had a dream that you should play
these these aren't even fun okay okay I
had a dream that you know I told you
this but I didn't tell them that my mom
my mom and I are going to Vegas and so
was my sister Maya on separate trips
because they hate each other
no um but I had a dream that my mom put
a black widow in my suitcase
to kill me and Vegas and I started dying
in my dream and then I woke up this
morning and what is hanging from my
bathroom ceiling a big giant fucking
spider it was a thick one and it scared
the shit out of me and I gotta wash me I
don't like scratchers wait what does
that mean you know we have to get three
words just calm down
wait wait you don't have why what is the
Hawaii we didn't get anything anyways it
doesn't matter
$60 what does that mean I think you'll
be good
each puzzle and each bonus word play
separately see back for instructions
I think that's if you get the price
wrong oh if I get the bonus word I get
that yeah and shit you don't have it in
that's why you know no uh no what
oh my god if you're not gonna turn it in
I will yeah I don't want to even touch
that dirty ticket mmm
look at these guys rise yeah three arms
today at the Javits I feel you know why
I'm on this unflattering camera
oh you I don't even see my new branch
Eric I think fern
oh you side I mean I'll show you guys
mom you onething sissies like little
the roll-ups what are they though I'm
gonna find a good way yeah they're
vitamins no they're not
yeah oh yes it's helped support weight
loss how many metabolisms 20 they have
green tea leaf in it and black tea leaf
in it thanks lady mango but didn't have
my mind menses right now not sponsored
yeah well like hit me uh guy Aegean Sea
sold me on you guys I'm gone
you got so you got your money back
lads one I'll take get him you guys on
my water and I really want to drink you
so I'm going to turn you off but are we
done oh my god I mean I don't know we're
gonna win if we win you'll see more but
I think we're done I'm gonna drink you
guys cuz this was my tripod that you're
on um so yeah
so vlog should be getting interesting
now I'm gonna be traveling a little more
in September
I don't even tell you where I'm going
I'm gonna keep it secret well Vegas but
it's home no I know it's not a good
place away so maybe a bad and I took
like a nap for a minute but this is the
new furniture well new bad I know this
is like all empty so I don't need it
pretty much all my old bedroom furniture
Salvation Army and I got this bed and I
really like it I got it from Z Gallerie
it's really nice and then that mirror
over there too um so I'm trying to
simplify everything I'm trying to just
donate all the crap that Salvation Army
is coming to pick up it's really cool if
you if you have furniture I mean you
could sell it on Craigslist of course if
you wanted but if you if if you just
want to get rid of it or whatever or you
want to just help people out honestly I
think my stuff's really nice and when I
was younger my mom used to buy a lot of
our clothes at good well I think it's
kind of why I have an issue with
shopping at their stores because when I
was younger my mom like only bought us
if I could well I used to get made fun
of a lot for it so I have like just
psychological issues there's nothing
wrong with
now going there but psychologically I
was tormented for it so I don't really
feel but at the same time we didn't have
the nice stuff at our salvation army so
that headboard is still really nice so I
just feel like I'm only had like a year
and a half and I feel like someone else
evolution army would really appreciate
that you know because it's still nice
and that's why I donate a lot of my
clothes there and stuff too because I
have nice things and it's cool to be
able to donate it so anyway so what'd
you guys think of my bad I know I just I
couldn't right absolutely crazy but um I
don't know it's more mature right it's
um something a little different a little
new
- that pulled the reason why I sleep
with a pillow it doesn't match the rest
well I'm gonna get like cream pillows
that I really don't care about like from
Target or something that but um I went
to wash my face and have to wash it
again cuz it's like really greasy and
hot here when I wash my face I have
proactive on it and sometimes trying to
complete your pillowcases so I usually
sleep with one that it's like old or
something like that if it's not
completely dried so that way that bleach
gets on there but I am gonna like find
crappy pillows to go and so I can see
there so anyways this is my new
furniture and app I just updated a room
tour um maybe soon but it's kind of nice
I do have like some black stuff left in
here but I'm gonna I'm on the lookout
for like just a nice chest of drawers or
something I don't know what do you think
shake it like mirrored or should I get
white I don't know I'm trying to figure
out like what color schemes I need for
the nightstand cuz I don't know one
right now um but yeah I forgot that
really boring day today I'm so sorry
guys I'm so tired
oh so tired I don't wanna face
greasiness killing me hey so now my hair
is up face washed shower cleaned off
being a little more refreshed and I just
thought I'd show you guys what I'm
eating again the ever infamous
hard-boiled egg and bread sandwich it's
what I eat I don't know somebody think
it's gross but it's so good oh hello um
so yeah that's what I'm eating right now
the LifeChurch honestly guys this may be
my last vlog where I make it literally
I'm just like doing nothing in my house
like I've done today I'm just saying for
my perspective of editing I'm just like
no no what I don't want it is nomu and
i'm joe narcissistic so okay be few for
they're between here on this channel but
but exciting trips are happening in
September so yeah I'll stay tuned for
those but anyway so I just got back from
working out so let's so basic okay so
basically this is new day you're getting
like kind of two days in one but one
full day considering it is 2:30 right
now the next day I'm so I'm so weird I
went to bed last night but took a nap it
was like 5:30 and I'm really tired I
could just take a nap and like wake up
at 9:00 for Big Brother cuz this
Thursday night Big Brother night man
o'clock the commom leaders just wake up
in a couple hours cuz I only been out
for a couple hours and I do take naps
and I woke up at like 10 I think
oh my god I should watch Big Brother and
just get up and whatever even though I
know I gonna be up the whole night I got
up at 10:00 and I was just still so
tired I'm just gonna sleep and I got up
at 6 o'clock this morning so I don't
know what's wrong with me sleep schedule
but I made it to the gym that's good and
I got a Jamba Juice and I got a really
big one and I know like I already know
like these are not the greatest for you
but they're sort of like a to me they're
sort of like a meal replacement things
so I don't know I guess there probably
is a lot of sugars in it or whatever and
so I probably won't get it as much just
because I'm pretty sure I will like lose
more weight if I don't but the ladies
are kind of pissed me off okay so
they're really nice like the guy who ate
I mean so nice like this is like one of
the nicest Jamba Juice I was like oh my
god you made my day coming in here and
like they're so nice and stuff and like
thought she was a bitch but kind of when
she got my feet my dream shows next time
you're in here to try our juices they're
better for you and you'll feel better
too I was like it may seem like operated
I know it's not when I like even drink
or eat anything I'm just like I feel
really bad I guess that's a good thing
anyways I don't know I'm gonna go home
now and I have a lot of emails and like
stuff I have to do because honestly this
morning was just not productive I
watched a big brother and the raising
Asia and Dan swamps and it's catching up
on things this week so I got to do it
and then tonight leon's pull out for
dinner so yeah knife like I gotta walk
again just to walk this thing what are
you gonna do okay someone on Instagram
told me you guys remember I said I look
like someone from the 90s some on
Instagram said you look on camera Diaz
from a mask that's
I feel like I totally felt like that I
couldn't even think I could even like
place where I thought Cameron Diaz from
fast I left her in that I don't I'm not
a huge fan of Cambodia's I never thought
she was like super a traffic we she's
attractive but I mean that's not like
would I like aspired hold like you know
know like she's pretty but I don't know
if I'm like making myself like I didn't
mean like you look at her girl be like
yeah that girl's pretty but like I don't
want to like her you know what I mean
just that that's not my idea sexy in my
head but like I don't know I'm like
putting my phone miles probably I was
like she's not like hey I guess
sometimes pretty and you're like I get
it she's a movie star she's she's
attractive like I'm not saying she's not
I'm just saying anyways um but the one
time I thought she was really gorgeous
and sexy was in the math and I love that
movie so much and not the one with Eric
Stoltz the one with Jim Carrey yeah so I
haven't met the gals over there in my
Chanel bag and my dress is just from
Victoria's Secret I didn't really put on
any other accessories other than my
Tiffany's necklaces um from Tiffany
stuff it's the Star of David and the
cross necklace that I wore in my
favorites I explained why I wear both of
them my August favorites which is
already up but
so driving now I should just super day I
don't know I can't drink now but I
should Boober - hindsight because I'm
driving my flip-flops so my shoes are
over there
oh well going into Beverly Hills is kind
of a something like bar Cooper what kind
of bar for me see how it goes I hope you
guys all having a great Friday night and
I'm watching doesn't rain I depending
when it goes up but it's Friday night
now I haven't gone out on a Friday night
in a really long time like dressed up
like out to dinner and I'm excited about
it I love the liar so much and I just
it's just a shame that I don't get to
see her more often so we'll see what
she's got going on and yeah these are my
newest if you guys ever want like
starter Louboutins or you just want one
pair like I'm gonna invest in one pair
of Louboutins I really recommend these
the gals they're new to me but I hear so
many people talk about them they're just
like a standard black pump I'm not the
most comfortable with Louboutins but
after you like break them in for a
minute
they get better like this is only my
second time wearing these and they
already felt better just like walking
around my house and stuff like that but
it's just that classic like plus a lot
of people including me before I bought
any I never would I never thought I'd
buy live at home so that cushion over
times are like two thousand dollars like
these are pretty cheap I want to say
they were like either 695 or 895 I know
that's not cheap but it's just it's not
as expensive as you would think and so
they're really nice I got the patent
ones they have a different colors and
styles of the big gals but I got the
black and they're nice they're I think
my favorite like I said they're like the
one I recommend those are new daffodils
with daffodils are really high so
they're a little harder to walk and this
is a high enough heel without you know
falling over yourself um so yeah so I'm
gonna stop right now and my makeup is
just a simple I just kind of darkened it
a little you guys somebody do my makeup
and the red lips oh and I just got that
man all right
I'm gonna drive now and it's dark but it
doesn't look dark on my camera does it
all right I'll see you guys at we're
gonna master steak house I'm really
excited we were gonna go to some but
reservations were all filled up so late
so I'm an early bird if that's not that
hey they just got home it's almost
bedtime for me I'm so tired it is
bedtime Maria almost bedtime
so try everybody take off my makeup and
just wanted to say I'm home safe and I
wanted to say goodbye this time because
last night I fell asleep without saying
goodbye to you all and I felt really bad
about it he woke up this morning and
thought hey say goodbye my blog and I
did it um but anyways these are some new
rings going into the Trish collection at
Princess Peach jewelry so if you guys
want to check that out I have a coupon
code Trish xoxo that you can use so is a
good dinner I'm so full as always I'm so
excite for the gym tomorrow eyes are so
sore like I felt that tonight I was like
huh ah it just hurt really really bad
just walk around with a taking my ass
all night he is what it looks like
basically but anyways I'm so tired I
gotta upload a vlog I gotta upload a
different vlog to my Trish's life
channel so much to do so little time I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching so uh real quick - I don't know
um like I said I don't know like I don't
know that'll vlog every day but it's
almost I haven't no words like I just
wake up and I wanna vlog but I mean to
be honest you guys have seen it
literally just sit at my computer most
of the day so maybe hold off of bugs I
do something exciting you guys let me
know I mean I don't mind blogging I just
feel like oh my god this is so boring
with see me eat hard-boiled eggs on
toast again like no nobody was to see
that he was not in blog with Pilar so if
you're like I'm gonna get lazy with my
blogging but then again I don't really
do that much so I'm gonna show more on
this channel I promise
hopefully I still dig it I want to be in
this channel like I do all my other
channels but yeah I get anyways my boobs
look huge I gotta go up this way I like
it so much thank you for watching a
header at Marana sounds like something
like a fool
okay top lip down
my eyes
