hey guys so um not much was happening
today I just filmed some videos for my
main channel um but I just wanted to
give a little update on my relationship
status my relationship status has
changed from single to officially in a
relationship if real life was Facebook
so um yeah I am in a relationship now
guys and I'm really excited about it and
I try not to talk about it or be too
much about it because I don't want to
you know jinx anything but it's guys
known for quite some time and I just
didn't really understand like our
feelings with each other and um you just
kind of wanted to do this and I was like
really like this is it just shocked me I
didn't say that I want to come across as
self-conscious but he's just a really
level-headed guy and he has his stuff
together and I'm so over the moon that
someone like him would choose me
they just spit along I got really
excited in spittle he's so understanding
and so caring and makes me feel so good
about myself and I just um I'm just
really excited and I wanted to let you
guys know and not make it like a big
thing like I said I don't want to make
it like a huge deal um I'm just like
really happy about it and it was a scene
that I've been just all over the place
with guys I've had the worst luck in
sometimes sometimes the one you want to
be has been there the whole time you
just couldn't see it
and I'm just really excited for how this
is right now so I don't think you're
gonna be getting any crazy drunk
sex-crazed rants about me and he wants
you you means you want to be a better
person um he doesn't watch my youtube
videos
I said don't watch him I mean I think
he's seen a couple but like um I don't
watch my videos cuz they're not me and
he's just like I don't care what you do
or say like I like you as we are here in
this moment and I think that's the
sweetest things so um yeah that's my
relationship status update on my dating
life yeah like I said I don't think he's
gonna be any time soon we get married
and have kids then you might meet him um
but for now I'm keeping it keep it to
myself so I don't know how often I'm
gonna be updating this Trish's life
channel
um but I hope you guys stick around
because when I do vlog and my life and
my activities I hope you guys will be
here for it and it's not like
embarrassing like flushing of it um but
I love you guys so much and I'm still
gonna be documenting like my fitness
journey and like my you know my day to
day life when I can but like see not
tonight I'm gonna hang out with him and
then I hang out at his house so I have
to just say goodbye here fishies I hope
you guys okay with sharing mama fishy
but don't worry because my mean channel
will still be posting every day and I
will still try and include you guys in
cuz guys are part of my life and he
knows that he knows that you're a
partner like Sam we'll see where it goes
so maybe I just need like a smaller
camera or not like a fish ID because you
can always see like the person even if
I'm like trying to cut them out like
this just so I'll see that meaner to me
I'm so yes all right guys I'm gonna go
thanks for being here at just slate and
I love you I don't be so what and I said
I want to meet you one day cause I hope
you still want to meet me as if he ever
wants to meet me hotter at moranis and
so excited here May kisses oh man is it
okay thanks
