but so he closed me it said he touched
me something hi and I said hi and gonna
call you and I think okay so right away
I can tell he's a jerk in it he's
breathing really hard he's like hi how
are you guys like good he's like I've
been thinking about you know I was like
yeah take you that okay
like yeah he's like it's some naughty
things and like right so he's like okay
1:38 I'm like fuck me it's up to me I
wanted to say before a holiday weekend
and I was like hi so he's like it was so
awkward cuz I was like just waking up
I'm getting good morning text from like
you know my mom and my friends and just
like editing videos just like waking up
we can't instagrams today's a new day I
feel good and then I have a static
stroking his dick not something he
talked to me someone I haven't met
someone I haven't seen his dick I don't
even know it could be ugly at all so
he's not really my additional like
physical type so awesome like I'm not
really into this and also I'm not really
into phone sex I'm sorry I do get horny
listening to some of the yeah you look I
mean I start getting horny and I'm like
well you're not even here he's up in
another he's up in fuckin Canada and I
was like okay so he's like stroking here
whatever and it was so awkward so again
I don't know this person I don't know
his kinks or what he's into everyone is
so vastly different men time sucks I'm
like vastly different everyone has
different kings not everyone likes to be
called daddy not every some people like
incest brother-sister stuff some people
like baby things some people like
smearing chocolate cake all of you some
people like peeing on you like every has
different case and force agree I love
everybody's kinks I'm done to try
anything but I don't know his so he's
like saying
like what are you wearing I'm like
pajamas like I'm not injured at first
and then I'm like then I give him a
little bit because I'm like okay
whatever
so we were minding this lost like ten
minutes and then he's just like yeah
like would you come here right now I
said yeah yeah they said won't you do
whatever you want me to do this is how
the phone sex goes by we honestly don't
know what he likes I make whatever you
want me to get he's like oh so like her
submissive you're obedient like yeah
he's like bossy would let me just like
hold you on and slap you and I was like
yeah he's like what would you say huh
what you like what would you say I was
like uh I wouldn't say anything cuz I'm
guys like I wanted to just shut the fuck
off with your gonna be in person he's
like he won't say anything
nothing whatever you want me to say and
he's like would you open your mouth for
me yeah I'm not in doing cuz I'm again I
just wanna fuck I don't want to like
talk anyways yeah we open it in to offer
me right now so I'm like oh I'm making
here I'm going I don't you think oh yeah
say it again he's like getting into it
right and so anyways he's having all
this stuff and then he's like what would
you want to call me and like well do you
want me to call you cuz I'm like I don't
know he doesn't like the guy thing he's
older he's not like the daddy thing
maybe want something else
