guys I'm feeling so friggin productive
this morning so freakin positive so
productive had a call about my fifth
book it's pretty much done in the bag
can't wait for her to come out we're
just Oh
final final steps so freaking pumped
about that I went out on a walk today
just to clear my mind pumped about that
going to get some groceries for the week
cuz I'm still eating healthy your girl
still be in healthy on that healthy
track today and I'm just forgetting
palmed and I'm getting my nails done and
I take care of myself I got my wax last
week and last weekend um just feeling
good a feeling are really freakin good
so I'm going to go get some groceries
now Trish's life
this is positivity right here I'm
feeling like Trisha again and you know
what it really does have to take
yourself like once I got that wax once I
got that wok once I got that gym
membership I started feeling like so
much more like myself again like the old
Trish and I'm freaking pumped and I have
so many things happening right now like
this huge freaking thing that I'm so
excited about that I'm like gonna be
focusing all my time on because I'm just
so excited about it and things are going
good guys things are going good so we
will get some groceries and I'm going to
show you my car because you guys I'm a
premium is group today I'm against fruit
I'm going some chicken and I'm getting
shit done okay guys so I was just going
to shoot
more water and when it's
the water
do they like it because
yes I'm wonderful
I really do like the water
here coconut water I want to get this to
be really proud of me the only thing
left I'm going to give a short history
chicken but I got fruits
yes I'm lazy but think I don't mind
celery bread is not the greatest or
whatever - my egg sandwiches
bananas
the rudest salesperson ever like grocery
store clerk and ever
she was so frickin mean to me hate me
people like I'm sorry you know what I
worked plenty of jobs I hated but don't
take it out on the people on the groom
their days that's just that karma that
the rest of your days probably from to
eat Oh sounds good
still feeling good without me comfy just
realize that this video was all about
love and positivity and me and miles has
stressed depressed to put well-dressed
which you know would describe me for
like the Hat minutes of the summer here
but I thought I would just you guys a
quick little grocery haul here Trish's
life because I'm sure it's not very
interesting for my channel isn't really
I got a lot of food like I didn't see
McGann food but I'm only one person so I
don't need a lot of food which in my
head I was thinking need a lot of food
but I don't um so what I got is I just
got jumbo egg so I usually need to have
an egg sandwich in the morning which is
why I got the UM flat pieces of bread
I'm sorry I jumbo eggs and I like to get
fresh eggs like every week because I
want to had a really bad experience
where he has sick and I think goes
because the eggs that I was eating so I
like to switch it every week like every
start of the week I like to get it same
thing with fruit I know it doesn't seem
like I've got like a ton of group but
for the week it's good because you know
fruit to me only tastes fresh for like a
couple days um so I get it like you know
every four days or whatever um so I got
these little cantaloupe cube I just
realized I normally go to Trader Joe's
or pavilions to get my fruit so um this
is the first time getting it from
Ralph's but you guys I know I was like
oh my god you're so Li's you don't even
get like the thing you don't cut up for
I should but I am lazy look but better
than getting chips right and I guys
think of watermelon and then I got
celery and I don't I don't love celery
but um to me this is like a treat so
when I might creating something bad's
and then nany I put I dip did these in
peanut butter and I feel like that's a
healthier snack that me of eat something
and then I got my coconut water for
lunch today so I'm gonna poke
I'll keep that out palanzo it's hot it's
really hot sorry I look like crazy okay
so I got hamburger buns these are for my
chickens because I do like to get the
rotisserie chicken I'll show you in a
minute and I like to put I make like two
little sandwiches of just chicken and
bread I don't like condiments which is
good so it's not actually powering for
anything edgy the chicken in the bread
and this I got for my egg sandwiches and
keep that my fridge so it lasts a hot
minute
and then of course I had to get more
bananas why did they put this stuff in
with the chicken took warm bananas
wonderful and then for lunch today I'm
going to have the fresh roasted chicken
which I only get when I go to like the
store so I said that's it that's my
grocery haul so pretty healthy stuff
yeah try what I can do so when I eat my
when I eat dinner I watch a TV show
usually and when I eat my lunch I like
to sit and watch my youtube so that's
what I'm gonna do that hey guys some I'm
responding to some comments down on
YouTube by trying to in the first hour
because then it just gets to me so the
first time I'm trying to respond more on
YouTube I love Twitter but obviously
YouTube's like my life I love you like
ten times more so I sure it's found more
I'm YouTube so I'm doing now when I'm
ordering Plus bars um because at night
time it's a way I can really hungry the
other day I'm like a midday person where
I want eat like a ton of it I used to be
the opposite I used to eat like a tie at
night so I think since my schedule has
changed around where I'm like a midday
eater now you get really hungry midday
all the time so that's like one my
stomach knows it's time to eat and that
night is just like I'm more like Oh a
little hungry so these quest bars are so
freakin yummy and I'm ordering more for
like at nighttime so like in the morning
I have my eggs and toast and then I have
like chicken or fruit for lunch and then
I try and just do like a protein bar or
a supplement bar for dinner that's what
I'm trying to do to lose weight I do I
want to eat like that progress in my
life because it's not a ton of food okay
what I don't know so I'm doing at the
moment I don't know I'm just trying
stuff out see if it works
um so I'm doing all that and yeah he
doesn't cantaloupe cuz that thought
chicken salad I'm always hungry today
guys I've been hungry
let's pretty good nothing shirt rose
well what you gonna do how's it run boom
hey guys so just got here too
my nail pliers and I'm real excited she
does it out of a private studio so these
are my before now and here are the after
nails so I got a polka dot lips a little
like Betsey Johnson Rose wallpaper um an
ice cream cone and hearts this is like a
cutesy little hand and then over here
oh it's like a pop-culture hand I got a
little Union a little 90s 80s 90s a
little yin-yang smiley face
um Ninja Turtle a little comic book pal
and cloud she is so amazing she has a
YouTube channel called so hot right now
there sorry so hot right now
and that's her Instagram as well and my
god pose more videos because she's like
gonna show tutorials on that she's a shy
guy yeah I like once think the coolest
lady ever I've been following her
forever on Instagram I was so happy to
come get my nails done by her and her
husband and her baby kind of rule
they're just so freaking awesome so
definitely go check out her YouTube
channel cuz she's gonna do tutorials
guys these are gel she does all the gels
like they're not gonna shit either they
dried instantly like right away like so
certain quarters I'm so obsessed she is
literally Ellie's best kept secret like
so freakin good if you are in LA and you
want a bomb nail job like go to so hot
right now just everything like
everything and she does like 3d stuff
too but I liked I just wanted like
polish or to the gel because you know I
want to be able to function I used to
have like the build up 3d stuff but to
me that's like I'm a little old friend
dot because like it just--the obviously
hello I got crazy like little kid nails
it's more of just like I just I've had
crazy nails for so long and always like
I couldn't do anything with like comb
through my hair and some people can
function like that I can't smells like
yeah I'm just lazy you guys know but
she's really cool things and about a
special about totally like a 3d designer
like crystals but I just thought these
were really cute and I was just I
couldn't even make my mind there's no
theme she usually is like themes if you
look at her Instagram she does like
beams just like I just want one of
everything as I love issues okay so do
you want like different you want them to
match on each hand like no I just want
everything take down she was coolest
chick ever I love it so anyways I'm
gonna go try and put an ice in a bucket
for to do the ice bucket challenge I got
machine it's for charity gotta do it so
we'll see how that goes
hey guys got ice in an ice bucket but
it's like already melting I don't even
it's gonna be pretty much ice when I get
home it was so freakin cold taking the
ice out of the freezer at CES and like
holding it it was like that was like
making me sick how cold I was I'm like
so nervous and Shane said it was a
costly siddhis reaction there was like
his actual legit reaction he was like it
was so uncomfortable I'm like so nervous
but oh my gosh the things I do for
YouTube and Shane's like you kind of
have to do it I was like okay so I'm
gonna do it and it is for obviously
charity and so the people I tagged I
guess it works is if they all do it then
I donate a certain memory so I think I
want to donate a thousand dollars if all
three my tags do it I'm still kind of
debating who I want to tag but I wanted
to be like someone epic like people I
know that are like epic and that like
follow me on Twitter that I know they
know me and stuff like that you're gonna
mean like I don't know anyways I did get
a monster probably not the best thing
for my diet this is really good though
this is pink lemonade energy it is so
good and I needed the energy because I'm
gonna be filming this video and I just
needed the energy and not really like
starving but it's actually occurring my
appetite so I don't have like sugars in
it or whatever but it's actually like
really helping it taste really yummy so
sitting in traffic I have the air on but
this ice I don't know if it's gonna last
baby I don't know what's gonna last
gonna be fuckin Olaf by the time we get
home there's literally just so much ice
in my tits right now that I'm literally
like burning from the ice I feel like an
ice burn so basically there is the
aftermath of the ice bucket challenge
and it was it feels like pins and
needles and it was a coldest thing ever
and I'm just dying I'm like literally
dying it is like it's literally guys so
I came home when I faced time my friend
and we chatted for so long I mean guess
it's only 9:30 but that's like late to
me I'm freezing so much the things I do
I swear but it was a good cause and I
tell you really ridiculous people so I'm
just gonna donate money anyways cuz like
there's no way the people tag her and do
it was just like kind of a joke but I'm
like did
I'm not sure why I would they supposed
to fill it with water I filled it with
three Bay's of ice I might have done it
wrong but whatever ice in my tits if
only his bra wasn't on easy my nipples
be like Boing Boing he's done so I'm
tired and now I gotta clean up all this
ice it's built everywhere so if you
haven't seen it already yet because I'm
gonna put this up right now so um the
main channel but I'll be applying that
blah okay guys it is now 10:30 so tired
I'm so tired and I have kind of an early
morning tomorrow um doing a shoot and a
photo shoot and so I'm really excited
about that but it's always really early
for hair and makeup but I have other
things I gotta get done like stuff
around my house and um just a lot of
stuff um
I'm seeing a boy tomorrow so I really
was like trying not to eat so late at
night because I've been eating I did
terrible job peeling these eggs but a
lot of you guys were asking me about my
um her boiled eggs and toast and it's so
gross you guys like everyone always
tells me how like gross it looks and it
no doesn't look appetizing to anyone but
this is how I make them I put like two
sizes of bread and I cut them in half
and then I put two little eggs and then
I put one on top the other and make it a
law sandwich I know people think it's
like the most gross thing ever
I think they're I think they're good I
used to make them all the time when I
lived in my ex-boyfriend when I used to
dance and Kubik that's the most
disgusting thing ever and so now I kind
of saw watch the books are oh shit I
just have eggs and toast even though I
know it's just it's weird but I'm
uploading my ice bucket challenge now
luckily it's shorts or didn't take long
to process and watching some YouTube
videos and then I'm going to go to bed
and it's been a stressful day just a lot
of it's but no it's been a good day but
like a lot of like other stuff has been
very stressful not personal stuff just
like stuff with like my bank and there
was a confusion with stuff and I have I
have two separate banks and it's just
confusing I'm trying to can tally as one
I have issues to think of miracle but
that same times it's only Bink
I trust with them they're like skin it's
just nothing nothing crazy but stuff
weighing on my mind but anyways um okay
I am going to go eat my sandwich
go watch the ice bucket challenge if you
haven't already I kinda looked a little
crazy in it because I was tired
fuck but good cause you have to do it so
I think why so much watching this I love
you guys so much
probably a puppet vlog tomorrow but who
knows oxide and that'll be Sturgis life
I love you guys so much thank you for
watching hi Damaris and until next time
here my kisses my little baby mmm
bye guys
