good morning everybody it is bright and
early it is a ch-47 a.m. I had my
training session at 10:00 I thought I'd
start the morning off with a banana um
yesterday's eating went really really
well
of course that's like only day one of
like completely clean eating and I'm not
gonna completely cleaning today today is
Saturday so um I know that I'm having
like a cheat day but like but like I am
but I normally like honestly like wait
well this whole week well I'm like
cleaning but I've been doing better so I
mean I don't know I'm not gonna really
crazy we're gonna get the cupcakes in
writing like that I'm gonna hell it cook
food today I just had an egg yesterday
which was coach food but um no but I
went pretty good I want pig head so I'm
gonna work out this morning and then I'm
gonna try and eat as clean as I can
today um I'm a conscious effort but I'm
not gonna like you know do yesterday
where I literally state raw um but
anyways yeah here's the morning we'll
see how today goes brought my sunglasses
today thank goodness I remembered off to
the gym to get some workout on I feel
like doing these like vlog entries like
every time I go to the gym will like
keep me on track I'll be like they're
gonna ask why I'm gonna determine while
so I feel like I need to say that after
week um um we're going to the bank first
cousin heed that Monday um yeah so
driving I actually had a reason to pull
out this vlog and that's like oh I'm
gonna talk about this when my turn first
I can really focus
and I totally forgot so that was
uneventful anticlimactic um so yeah got
one of them you know when you're just
getting errands done like boom boom boom
I mean I already feel so accomplished
first errand done and completed I feel
so accomplished I feel like I'm gonna go
to the gym early kill it on a frickin
elliptical for a minute kill it on my
training session go get my wax and then
just like fucking live the rest of the
day you know to meet it feels so like
productive getting shit done
that's why I've been making my bed in
the morning okay like as an adult I like
never really move my bed that much like
maybe like throw the sheet like I write
but not like make it make it but I feel
so accomplished in the morning when I'm
in bed as opposed to when I don't make
bed and I've been living in like a crack
gym because I'm like furniture and my
bedroom was gone um I've been like kind
of unmotivated to make my bed because
I'm like I know gosh bug like whatever
but actually like cleaning it up a
little this morning I just feel so
freakin productive um so yeah
I'll to the gym just that one more time
oh god I just feel really good we'll see
how I feel after straight up sunglasses
already broke just got these at the mall
for like $10 don't get mall sunglasses
straight up to ten a training session
got my fifth book to track my eating
let's just hope my trainer it doesn't
find my YouTube channel he asked me what
I did as I had to online videos
shouldn't have told him that cuz they
can actually see what I eat so I'm out
to be good I am gonna be good because
obviously I'm paying for training I want
to lose weight and like look good though
gonna stick by it glasses broke I really
really liked these glasses why I don't
mind cheap glasses I swear
oh so frustrating umm so I'm gonna
actually go get my eyebrows done I think
I'll just make me feel better I mean I
feel okay but like this was the day to
that like we did my measurements and my
weight and I was just like oh girl I
mean it's like why I'm there but still
so nice alright I got my bra waxed
freshly waxed eyebrows and lit no facial
hair I feel so much about her already I
was like feeling like gross about it I
don't know I was like weird so um yeah
I'm gonna hang out with Shane today I'm
so excited because um honestly lately
it's been just Oh sometimes I get in my
own head so much and when I'm not around
people um like saying people like normal
people that are not like you know
related to me um or any sane people it's
just I get so like in my own head and
it's like I love seeing shame cuz he's
like the most positive person I have
he's like he's literally my best friend
I'm sure I'm not his best man but like I
don't have a lot of friends if Shane is
like my best friend because you know
about me he's always really positive I
look forward to seeing him
well these epitaph guys friends are the
best here's something this other guy
that I'm really good friends if I I just
recently came early good friends with
them no no for eight years
never Sachs nothing like that and just
Alba tonic like he texts me and he makes
me feel so good I'm like sad today just
like two fucking pumps me up he's like I
wish I could bring you some tea and cake
he just knows what's up and guy friends
are just the best that way I don't know
what it is I mean I love my girlfriend's
I do I don't feel like girlfriends can
be as deep with me cuz we're both kind
of scared to share our feelings with
each other sort of thing I don't know
thank you a raspberry shuffle my mouth
whereas these candy diet is off today
we're doing so much them so cakes I
worked out they're like fruit they
actually look like grouper I guess they
have a really looks like first oh yeah
no that's it a couple of Obama's
well
the combat please oh that happen here
through pulpit dollars into HSN thank
you and you're welcome come back over
29th of this month for chocolate peanut
butter fudge okay let's get one of those
maple the face give me
so we just got C's candy machine only
got fuckin one piece of candy like who
are you so minions are mean so awful we
went to the there was like an outside
movie theater thing where you could just
get the candy and not buy the ticket and
here's again a candy sounds like oh yeah
that's a pop one what do you want it's
like all this of the water I mean your
fucking candy to me we know Sophia oh
whatever and I want to see kitty cuz it
was his idea and I got a whole bag of it
in my person he network in one piece
I've been watching a lot of drag queen
stuff and that's really skinny sunshiny
like red track look at J Queen yeah like
I always use these words like who their
body is snatched honey without bodies
ears boy beat up honey what sound
terrible I don't but it's good I want to
be beat up and snacks yeah your body
isn't bad oh my god that's also dirty
though that's not be that snatched out
there should be you think that should
have a new slogan of you to beat that
snatch match until it fucking Falls
I love it we're over here I think
anyways I know I haven't logged it on
like the horse walker I blogged you
getting recognized that whoo he's
getting recognized a secret blog in
there Lala from Saudi Arabia though oh
really
was she really from Saudi Arabia I think
so I didn't know anyone was actually
from there well anyways there's popcorn
in the car but I want to show you guys
because I don't wanna show like I'm a
fatty just picking up some strawberries
getting any cookies Shane when to the
bathroom again
so bathrooms by the produce this is like
torture being in all this produce no
just kidding
go in the green section no I don't mind
the bunny on a section so much though
bananas though freely though no I love
in English you guys know I've been
trying to get better by mutating cookies
for a little treat because this is a
once once a week treat I feel like I
need a naked dude
does it counteract if I get the naked
juice to a little healthy with a little
not healthy it's acute my cookies on my
tripod though so we're inhale you get
these little candies little candies that
was like fruit um so I don't I'm like
RuPaul thing I don't even know I've
never seen these candies but we're on
the lookout for him I don't think
they're gonna have met realms but you
never know what are you gonna do I kind
of want these apples though be like a
Latin though gotta keep one jump ahead
red line one swing ahead of the sword
anyways I'm gonna stop whining so people
won't think I'm a weirdo um but yeah I
look really pale and gross love it guys
my insomnia is getting so bad right now
literally fucking 4:25 I don't know we
can see I'm showing you anything
49 morning I know I cannot sleep I'm
like just wide awake well all this
fucking shit my life but it's here thing
I don't want to like complain like we
like doesn't suck you know we I can
clean a lot for someone who has a pretty
good life you know you mean like try not
to complain but like I can't sleep
lately
I can't I guess I can't get a good I
just can't get a hold of like life right
now like I thought you were crazy that's
so terrible it's just like me being so
fucked up sometimes I just think I just
bent
I don't always up there tonight but
lately I just cannot fucking sleep but I
don't know what the fuck it is I get up
read the Bible sorry for swearing on
Soleri go read the Bible I'll watch I
can just swore on the same sentence you
know after on TV like just see what's on
and I just really really weird I feel
like a lot of like um anxiety but like
for no reason like there's no I don't
know what I'm anxious about um it's
really really weird feeling but I did
get motivated today um from Shane of
course she isn't my fuckin best friend
in the whole world because he's so
motivational he has like these really
great ideas he says he's like literally
like the best like life coach for anyone
he has these great ideas of like how to
you know get stuff moving because it's
like you know I am I'm like a I'm just
someone who's ik on YouTube I don't
really do I do
stuff like outside of YouTube but like I
don't know what else to do you know I
get like really bored like I need like a
hobby or something came up for the
awesome ID and I can't wait to like
execute it and I really hope it does and
I was just a cure but it sounds like a
lot of work and you say no it's like
they broke it down for me like literally
like fucking Buddha like a fucking Yoda
like Coach grew like fucking amazing
genius um and so I was really glad I got
to see him today because it's kind of
like put like this lip this fire Android
but to get things going for other things
that I want to do and I can motivate
myself like for sure but it only helps
like get a push now someone's like you
know in support of it and like believes
me because like I've never had anyone
blaming me I've always just done like
shit myself and like people like me
whatever but Lee's cool like had some be
like no like I feel like you could do
this I feel like it'd be really good for
you it's like yeah that's exactly what I
need to do so hopefully in due time I'm
gonna like take my time with it because
it's gonna take a lot of like work and
planning but in due time hopefully I can
make something really cool for you guys
and I'm really excited about it and it
just it always seemed like an ax
possibility and I was like no you know
what I can do it impossible I'm fucking
possible so aside from eating a bunch of
junk
umm again back on what my workout Hicks
oh sorry Ben trainer if you see this and
you saw that I was eating junk my bad I
just don't feel too sick Belle Freida
movie popcorn I mean I was a little sick
earlier but I feel like better bye guys
oh my god I wanna watch cheetah what the
fuck am I talking about but ABCs for the
glistening we babble I don't really know
what I just ate a cod thinking back Wow
stays fucking was intense I feel like I
did a lot today the waxing though um hey
guys I love you thank you guys for
watching big face for like letting me
ramble as soon as you live alone it's
like anyway I'm not gonna be living
alone for much longer has my friend Jack
be coming out here and stay in my second
bedroom that's kind of why I'm redoing
my scienter set it out kind of like it's
a little guest room I have like stole my
shit in there but getting a roommate and
I'm looking about that so that's coming
in like a week
it's kind of nice to have someone to
talk to if we gotta sell fucking stoked
anyways guys I just love you guys so
fucking much thank you for watching this
video I have no idea what a dick day I
cannot wait I love editing this because
it's like I feel like it's literally
been it's like feels like a lifetime
since this morning I have no idea what I
freaking did or said this morning
so I can't wait to watch it back and
edit it but I love you guys so much
seriously thank you so much for watching
I want the how to write Moranis maybe
look at the spicy side right where it is
well I love when people screengrab like
the ugliest I possibly look which is on
these vlogs like you guys Oh get me this
is fucking real Trish thousand this
isn't me am I like wash and you guys are
seeing it and I love that people are
screen grabbing me like we had a fucking
sheets like this so attractive my
fucking huge lip the muff fucking bug
eyes get rabbits I don't ruin us in the
whole time what kisses look at bass fish
lip hi guys
