so now I'm just killing time doing doing
frozen karaoke that's just it's so
embarrassing I was thinking about this
like if anyone heard me some turn on the
camera imma let you hear me my power
flurries through the air into the ground
my soul is spiraling in frozen fractals
all around and one thought crystallizes
like an icy blast I'm never going back
the past is in the past
let it go another rise like the break of
dawn let's go medica okay I'm sorry that
you had to endure that this is just what
I do in my spare time my free time and I
just want to say even if you can't sing
a lick if you can't sing even a note but
you love to sing and you want to belt it
out then you belt that thing out also
okay should be noted I popped bananas
mmm I bought bananas
I bought watermelon and cantaloupe back
there yes yes yes yes I have been
shopping healthy and I know that's
that's what I gotta go clean right now I
have been shopping healthy I've been
getting fruits all you raw foodists out
there will be so happy so anyways I
thought I would share that with you guys
I was very proud of myself dying out
fruits and honestly if you just keep
that stuff in the house you'll eat it
because I had so many chips and I ate
that's what happening a shape I ate all
the chips basically so so embarrassing
but whatever pretty much ate of all the
bad food in my house and cuz I like
binge eat okay so ate all over to my
house it's all about something just eat
on and that won't be in my house anymore
so hopefully that'll work but I made
myself really sick last night and
yesterday in general I just ate and ami
so that's not gonna happen again
if I binge and when I binge on 10
bananas cuz free with banana girl home
when I was healthy all my life has been
a series of doors in my face and then
suddenly I bumped into goo the window is
open so's that door I didn't know they
did that anymore you knew we owned eight
thousand salad
the years of young bees and default why
have a ballroom with no balls finally
they're only up the day
they'll be actual real live people it'll
be totally strange but while we might so
ready for this change
thus for the first time in forever
there'll be music there'll be light for
the first time in forever I could be
dancing through the night
I don't know if I'm elated or gassy but
I'm somewhere in Gaza this for the first
time in forever I won't be alone
