hey guys so I'm vlogging um I am a
little conscious because my lips are
still bumpy and people on Instagram are
like you fucked up your lips one size
bigger than the other lumpy it's just
it's just bruised and I have not waxed
my stache I'm like so sorry about the
closeup I have to get my eyebrows and
mustache waxed but anyways hairy
Hungarian problems um
no people are like oh they look like
they fucked up because they're lumpy and
it's from the swelling I don't know if
you guys can tell but I have like
bruising still like you trying to take
off some of the lip color but I want
take it all off because it's like scary
O'Connell's like I got punched in the
face but there was like bruising and so
some parts just will were swollen a
little more than others so that's why
they look kind of fucked up so I figured
I just get that out of the way today
before since I wanted to vlog and I
don't want people to be like oh your
lips though so it's my mom's birthday
day that let's just start off the app
birthday mom so I'm actually going to be
taking her to lunch and my sister
actually has off half a day which was so
crazy it wasn't even like planned my
sister just had off today so we're gonna
go and have lunch at Capital Grille and
my mom out for that I think my mom did
take the half a day or maybe she was
just off a half a day or something I
don't know um so I don't know I think my
mom might have like dinner plans with
her boyfriend or something so we're
going to take her out to lunch and then
me my sister are gonna hang out for a
minute maybe try and shop I don't know
we're almost home shopping with us but
obviously if she wants to yes or
whatever she wants to do but I have a
feeling she'll have to like leave kind
of early so my sister and I will
probably go shopping and I know ways to
start school tonight so we'll see how
that goes I need to like Oh tomorrow I
need to get my life together I'm
supposed to blonde tree and like work
out and everything is fate um that just
did not have something so off about
yesterday all together I don't know what
it was my psyche was off guys just real
quick if you don't have Sirius Radio it
is worth every penny I had a free with
my car for like a month and then I just
subscribed to it because of this because
of Elvis radio and I was Radio Howard
Stern fifties on five kiss sell a
Broadway and Disney and then my Catholic
channels Catholic and EWTN so ok those
are what I have programmed in those
channels are worth getting serious alone
and it's amazing I love it I'm obsessed
over timing in my car I get really
excited to drive and I used to hate
driving and now I just love it cuz I
just wanna stay in my car all day and
drive and listen Elvis serious I
listened I was serious like 24/7 it's
Elvis 24 hours a day it's like the
greatest thing ever it is I'm really
excited about that we're still close
Capital Grille I could taste it my
sister's driving separate cuz she has
school today found lotto tickets in my
purse it's down with being the lone
Street hot break Oh take it so with me I
guess she don't look bad I guess only I
could dad loves it so there's some
homeless people right there at shelling
out their dogs
um what do you think of homeless people
what are your thoughts on them I'm not
even have to be like stupid or like
uh-huh I got one
I'm not saying it like that I'm just
saying like what do you guys think fun I
always were taught to give them a dollar
give them whatever you have sometimes I
got my like 20 whatever um but some
people are like oh no they just like
abused it or they could get jobs are
just lazy they don't want to what are
your paints I'm so conflicted sometimes
in the yeah you could probably go get a
job at McDonald's I see people all the
time like hustling this guy at Lucille's
and I gave $100 tip to him one time um
that kid he was working three jobs plus
going to school I just had doing heart
felt for him but he was working so hard
and hustling hard it's my sister so my
sister is right there and she so rudely
interrupted anyways I want to know your
thought that I want to like leave you
guys hanging but I just I'm curious to
know what you guys think cuz I'm kind of
conflicted with the homeless Roth so
where I Capital Grille now free
complimentary parking you go to the one
in the Beverly Center see how it goes
I'll be at my mom with a giant purple
jumper dick look at my mouth yeah no
birthday baby within that camera I think
you should tell them more towards the
camera is your working shirt thank you
what are these tiny Forks I've always
been coupled round nursing it is why I'm
never busy me tears oh I know you're
gonna be happy one amazing something
I've never seen app or doing in program
bottle of Pellegrino - I brought to
order it thank you you wanna oh thank
you big waddle
what else do is you guys know it's my
favorite part kappa krill and you guys
go get the shrimp act yeah oh okay so he
just said our food everyone's really
hungry so I'm going to show you real
quick I got my steak potatoes some I'm
not a crab burger and lobster oh my god
- love it something new for you you love
it lobster mac truffle fries mushrooms
and what a deck young Chilean sea bass
so we're gonna eat it's so hungry good
birthday meal that's very good hey
you're welcome mommy or do this kiss did
you focus the camera don't you oh my
thank you carbs are Fang zero everything
is their armies breaking a pretty money
no guys no karma no sugar no nothing
it's raining air make a wish
yeah let's say it for you so we're gonna
eat this hey guys so we're in Beverly
Center I got mom some sunglasses oh you
put your sunglasses back we have to look
at her tan we'll see what I got her Oh
Masha puja this is that Beverly Center
this is pretty cool wow it's like we're
in a movie you guys know I love these
settings like I'm in a movie I'm in
Jurassic Park then bb's right behind me
so anyways this is cool I think I'm kind
of in Big Brother Oh Tess up there my
mom my mom so funny she took a video
mommy crazy that guy's hot the Ralph
Lauren model to write him where it is
being goofy we're just killing time
sorry I think it helped me trying to
look cool I'm sorry what
oh there's the glass I got her she
copied me that's right it has helped my
mom Sophie is I think it's Bobby I gotta
go help her where she will wonder why
town workout in this workout store it
should be right back dad forgot we were
coming shoes again are selfies and she's
like why do I look like you Indian
because you're fucking tan as shit she's
purple literally seeing purple purple
straws of a new green strawberry
Purple's the new green for sure working
we're just shopping we wish our mom with
the turret they were like fuck you mom
just kidding love her Goldberg's we're
gonna be on that show this season to
watch for us
we're Beverly Center did we say that
we're at Beverly Center China
by the way and listen no makeup on today
but I makeup on today we have none no
makeup makeup look at those lips though
so we're gonna clap there wait my drink
I don't know I mean I guess we'll find
out so we did a little shopping today a
little bit for a vacation coming up a
little bit for Mom's birthday why did
you get out of the shot I know I'm
saying for your birthday isn't it most
birthday Anna ov Anna oh good boogy
boogy Aussie yes you wanna be so we're
just finishing up shopping would take
this when I go to Target put it in my
bag since in the ballet or don't do that
my lips are still bruised and they look
crazy and until I was a conscious mom
but that's that my sisters in the
bathroom for the 500th time my sister
had a really pretty drive ever know
where it is but she'll get mad assure
you anyway so we have to go to her
Channel how was your birthday it was
great it still looks great doesn't say
where you tonight you're going out too
weren't you Oh eat again that way see I
grew I had a cramp on oh crap the crab
and lobster burger oh my god would you
get it again yes
yes I would went wide belly like refers
like whoo why is Salman New York so
something we've been shopping on my
sister's been going all the short she's
in the shop for today shake well let's
go to the stores Bowman strumming oh my
god girl
wrap it up I'm more of an online shopper
I'm lazy I'm like I'm too much walking
with Giovanni Giovanni Giovanni got a
Bonnie dress to Alana's exhibition yeah
the Britney Spears hold on one sec she
comes here especially 100-106 if I told
him once I get married we have to go get
those kind of dresses because today I
get married is the day that we spend
$5,000 you're not getting a dress she's
getting somebody just put the jewels
yeah well yeah me I'm gonna have like
Joel kid and it just yeah GG bleep
placed or not Vegas style though but my
mom will get the I told her she can wear
next riving a dresser line so let's give
my advice and I won't steal them and
we're gonna see how it goes okay guys so
ends another saga and the life of Trish
another day I have so much room are
tomorrow's like literally just by the
way that is like a make a Trish back
there just FYI you can order the posters
entrence at special calm and give a
description box below
uh-huh no tomorrow's gonna be a crazy
with just errands do you have those days
where you just like me to get so much
stuff done um I have to do laundry
first thing bright and early I need to
get groceries I need to go get my
freakin personal training gym thing
organized and set up I need to go to the
gym the snow if ands or buts um what
else do I gotta do I got so much to do
post office bank my house is a disaster
I've never left my house got this back
it's like a just like there's just shit
everywhere like I just it's been a
disaster since ever right since I got
back from New York which is wait
unacceptable it's just I've been back
for way too long
um I gotta order another one of these
chairs that I have don't ever get white
furniture because that shit will stain
literally this is like the third time
I've had to replace these chairs and
I've just got that on July 4th so
they're awful uh it's bad cuz it's like
you don't want to be like oh don't sit
in those chairs because they're meant
for sitting but I'm not I get dirty
really really easily I guess I don't
know I brush my teeth too member too
thoroughly so girls I eat a peanut or
sandwich um yeah so that's what I'm
going to do my mouth is so weird so I
wasn't like singing pictures or singing
videos on Instagram rather and I mean
you could tell I sing and without the
lipstick it's bruised and it's so weird
it's a weird
I had a block I had to block and delete
a lot of um a lot of people because it
was this weird like like people were
turned on by a woman who looks like she
was beaten it's like I don't remember
what it was and I actually looked it up
for like a minute it was something weird
I don't I don't know you know how
there's like rape culture or something I
don't know there was something like that
but like great fetish but like not right
fetish not like fake rape it was like
they like the idea of a woman actually
getting getting BM and hopefully is not
choice for anyone I have been and
physically abusive relationship and I
know a lot of you guys are like if you
really were you want to joke about stuff
for me a defense mechanism has always
been to joke about whatever either I'm
insecure about or whatever scares me and
being another physically abusive
relationship scares me um because I am
and don't say this like to Pat myself on
the back but I'm like one of those
people who's like genuinely just a giver
just a someone who's boil I know and
some not only someone who's loyal but
someone who doesn't like to say no
doesn't like to disappoint people and
like once I'm in a relationship I feel
like Y used to anyways I was younger I
think I've gotten out of that now but I
used to feel like I needed to stay in a
relationship because I was already in it
which doesn't make any sense to me now
but once you're in those relationships I
get it like it's hard and it's a certain
personality type that is in an abusive
relationship it's the ones who
who grew up insecure you know it's I
don't know it's just a very specific
person type they are insecure and
they're um and they're desperate for
love and they want to be loyal it's a
weird thing because I've had a lot of
love for my family but it's weird that I
would put up with that looking back I
don't recognize that girl but it's like
I wonder it's weird it's a weird thing
it's weird and so when I was reading
this I don't know what they were
commenting there was like a hashtag
everyone was commenting I don't even
know I wish I could I wish I would have
done it kind of like freaks me out I'm
just likely to them and I was just an
animal
maybe the shell there was a go weird gun
and people saying they were turned on by
the bruises on my lips which is from you
know obviously lip injections not
beating but they were like oh looks like
you got be in I love it like I'm
stroking my dick to the fact that you're
a battered woman like it was weird it
got really creepy and really weird and
I'm like is this a turn-on like battered
women is a turn-on like that's just it
was the most bizarre bizarre thing and
and they weren't like joking and another
that's a joking matter but like like I
said I like to joke about things that
scare me or that things that have
happened to me in the past and I make
light of it even though like I know you
shouldn't but by making light of it it
kind of takes away the power that I had
over me of using relationships so I feel
like oh it's just something silly I make
fun of you know it's not it's very
serious a lot you know it's I don't
think people can grasp it people always
trying to tell me oh if this really
happened to her she wouldn't be like
this you know you can't really tell
someone that I mean I think they'll have
like obvious you guys know I'm like a
big psycho and weirdo and I weird ways
of dealing with stuff um but it just it
was a really good thing and it made me
really self-conscious to know I'm like I
should cover these up and put bruises
and stuff like that and you know it's
not like I'm not like aiming like scare
or like it's not like I'm freaked out it
was just a weird thing to me and
something that I'm not familiar with is
this the thing like um you know that
kristymatt girl fuck man that was some I
don't even know the story related that I
don't really know
and I mean not that I need under Jen you
should have that shet being out of her
which is fucking scariest Bob and it
severe and I you know I don't really I
don't really know like the whole story
like was she with her boyfriend would
they broken up I don't understand um but
I had seen something similar on a lot of
posts about her so I know it's kind of
like now it's probably kind of fading
but it's just a weird world who live in
a very weird world now I'm not one to
ever say like fetishes are wrong or your
freak for liking something but if you're
talking about like real battered woman
who like don't have the choice of being
battered and you're turned on by that
that's like weird that's like that's
wrong you don't I mean I mean I'm I like
physicalness in a relationship like in a
sexual relationship when it's consensual
but when it's like not that's fucking
weird and that's a little wrong and
that's very disturbing um fucking scary
as shit there's so many people out there
that would publicly post that stuff it's
kind of a weird thing this world I don't
know I have no idea I don't even know
I'm talking about this point I'm just so
tired but I'm trying to edit some videos
I'm having the worst time process and
it's processing and you know so I'm
going to try and do that
I will get up elbows jumpsuits don't ask
me why um I'm gonna go to bed maybe it
feels so fat all guys mmm
I'm telling you y'all try on some
dresses today at the mall I'm like oh
girl oh girl need to just get that
workout goal when you get to be over a
certain age and just got you got to work
out you know I'm Sam or at least be
physical I have not been a physically
active and so frickin long it's too long
it's okay we're gonna get it back I
don't know a blog tomorrow I really
could I was gonna be like extremely
boring for a vlog so she has like one we
gonna do film myself at the gym feel
myself doing laundry that does it I feel
like I should or just like hey guys
belonging oh and I gotta get my eyebrows
so bad on this waxed ah so much to do
okay guys mileage you get was quite
boring by the way they say that oh yeah
I make a choice right there posters and
t-shirts available today that's for sure
I love you guys so much thank you for
watching I'm a cheap a yellow in this
light though me and until next time him
oh hi to Rick Moranis and until I see
where Mike is he's from a little bit be
fishy mmm
