so just got my lips done in the numbness
is finally wearing off GG wanted to
fucking market there's Gigi perhaps
she's like let me Blanca something no
because I was so scared I thought us can
chicken out there's a whole video on MMA
channel check that out but we're clear I
want her to know me I was like please
you need to film it because she was so
scared I said people wouldn't want to
see you scared my god she was like
sweating and getting pale like I was
really nervous but I was like I just
need to film you and then my no she
didn't like me I was actually watch me
sick
no no but a GG wasn't there I would have
walked out I was being strong for G
because she's like my friend and they
didn't want to be like what baby so I'm
gonna be strong in a word and a woman I
mean I don't talking about her but she's
my kind of forehead yeah well were twin
like she was a little crazy we did a
video I'll be doing lips for ten years
and she's like what's that word
oh yeah firm she wasn't a great is but
you'll see and be on my video you'll see
like what the whole experience was in GD
there so she can help me fill in the
blanks where I don't know but like I
kind of love them I'm obsessed them so
now we're does having wine and like
Mario Thanksgiving with me worse oh you
did he's like my best friend average
like no other friend would do this like
she's like a real treat
oh well honestly I just love vanity and
I knew that you wanted to get some time
you talk about a prayer oh I went to saw
Gigi's I'm like by the way her lips look
so fucking forced embarrassed and I just
where'd you go mama I love I love the
big big big look but your low-key room
no fear Eli cuz she does she like
overdraw some I'm like what the heck and
she like overdone they look so pretty
good girl you can relate great yeah
always
we're over lining everything I'm still
good over line knees I'm going to leave
all the way no where does your neck hey
guys it's tresh well we're gonna get
back to ya
I don't even know yeah
oh my god you're crazy gage is gonna
think I actually want to okay that's
basically my day in a nutshell um so I
had a really great it was really fun
like start to finish my day was crazy by
the way my lips looks really okay
they're a little swollen right now I'm
not gonna lie but I kind of like it I'm
kind of living for it cuz I need bigger
lips but anyways it was like an intense
day because my appointment was so early
and then me and you got ready together
so it was kind of like an intense day
but it was really fun and like we were
won't she like left not too long ago
like we literally spent like 14 hours
together like I know it's crazy like are
you sick of me and shit not let's do it
again like I wonder tomorrow I love Gigi
I love when she's here she's basically
like here I'm sorry when I wash my face
I get like still wet like the water just
like tripped on my arms um I'm sorry I'm
like sound so weird I like I can't it's
a hard feeling to explain it's not like
it's not painful it's just uncomfortable
because it's still a little firmer a
little tight that I have stuff in there
and I feel it more now obviously that
Sonam has nothing has worn off about the
day um so I just feel it more and I'm
like more aware of it so when I was
trying to do I felt like three videos
today when I try to do kissies for my
shoes I can't really fully do that yet
not really I'm never going to eel - it's
just this is so tight right here at this
little part it could do it I don't want
to force it you know I mean um so it's a
little awkward luckily there's only like
two videos that I had introduced more
fishies um but I wanted to film like a
lip injection story and then of course G
here I wanted to film cuz we had never
really done like a full-on collab like
she's coming to the gold-digger
challenge we start I have like this like
awkward it bother me that's it right
there
um but we never done like a collab words
like Oh check out her video and her mine
and there were so funny wise it was so
so funny I just I love her she's like
the only person like really like the
only person who like cracks me up just
living like literally just being herself
we went to math anywhere we go people
are just like you're so funny you made
my day like three different people said
that even in the office to her and she
does she just like makes people say
she's like so funny and so nice and so
Jenni when we have like the best talk so
we get deep you guys don't even know our
talks
she was that another one friend that I
get the deepest with which is kind of
you wouldn't think that about our
friendship but I love her we've both
been through so much shit in our lives
and so yeah video upload I was you're
like site B is uploading yeah um so edit
so I'm going to have Sony you said it's
like nothing fight um so I'm gonna edit
those but um anyways I just wanted to
show you guys like there is there's a
little bruising it's kind of hard to see
there's bruising here and here
I do bruise easily but I was actually
surprised that there wasn't more
bruising around cuz they put it actually
around your lip and then like shove it
in there so I was actually kind of
surprised there wasn't more bruising um
around the actual like lip just cheered
here and I'm really prone to bruising so
I was like really surprised I didn't
bruise more so a little swollen at the
moment fit I really like them and I'm
not like I said not like they're perfect
now don't do anything crazy because I
think she knows that I like things and
accessing the other boobs was like I
won't book members when I could girls
but oh my me um I'm kind of like
rambling I ordered pizza so bad we ate
so much today but I literally just got
my I got my fury today we gotta go to
see you yes I didn't vlog that was like
shoot then you just just felt an egg
breaking my panties you've known as lion
so we had to get tampons
like really hungry but I'm actually got
start a little bit of a clean eating
thing tomorrow so like for real Oh cuz I
feel like kind of gross whatever well
thing so anyways I'll undo that edit
these videos real quick first though
guys Robin Williams died today and
Helsley probably through this for like a
week but Brown the lame said today and I
did a whole video on it because um I had
a relationship sort of with Robin
Williams and you like know why in the
video if you see it um I didn't know him
pretty well actually like for a minute
so and it was obably the whole video but
I'm sure you're already see by then so
I'm going to edit that actually now so
um I don't know too much to tweet
okay guys hey guys so got some pizza and
Shogun and gah - well glad to be a
little healthier pizza and sexting and
editing that's my night and I know it's
nice I'm pathetic
what's a good fucking night so I want
you to page him how about you guys
reviewing the Domino's always mm I'm
watching last night's big brother it's
intense
everyone hates Frankie now and Caleb
straight up he's my cat boys had no more
bees McCobb why he's not not helping
them I'm always a little behind with
these but we'll see weapons hey guys so
I'm just laying in bed uh it's kind of
late kind of like an another night like
two or three uh I went about a little
while ago and I woke up and I couldn't
really sleep I don't know I just kind of
Leslie which is kind of a usual for me I
don't really usually have problems
sleeping but um tonight I have around
sleeping so got up on oh I'll go watch
TV
and then I realized I had my Bible next
to my bed which was um good I've been
trying to read it at night before I go
to bed just to click clear my mind like
you know before I sing My Fair ism um I
get a little better understanding of the
Bible cause even my Christian Catholic I
don't I was I've never really studied
the Bible read the Bible ah
I get all our vet sorry I'm like picking
my teeth gross stuff
I feel girls around um so that's what
I'm doing and kind of nice oh oh that
I'm tired just about the vlog camera
talk mankind um yeah I don't know what
the point of this was other than I love
you guys you know mmm I think about you
guys a lot and I find myself you know
I'm not I'm glad that you guys find me
entertaining anything I'm exciting for
I'm not I don't have a lot of exciting
life you know like I have a few friends
that I see but I often like the Russia
this week is going to be spent just like
working on my house and like getting
things together doing laundry and
cleaning and nothing vlog worthy but I
think a lot oh my god I want to take you
guys out and talk to you you know share
what I'm feeling because I have a lot of
thoughts in my head as does everyone
throughout the day and you want to show
them and you guys kind of give me this
little platform to share them and I
think it's really cool and I really
enjoy a relationship and I appreciate it
very much but I'm gonna go and go cuz I
don't even think it ended this vlog and
if I did I'm like renting it now oh go
are you got really tired I just use art
blogging when I can't sleep almost I
just got really tired something that go
and my boobs up took on a clover sheet
it looks like I got beat up
battered anybody know that somebody has
on drug I didn't mean to be light of
that actually so I do apologize for that
um but anyways I'm going to go ahead and
go guys I love you so much
thank you for watching height awareness
and until next time
r.i.p to um Marvin Williams and until
next time for my kissies probably fishes
if I can do it guys fresh lips don't
have again mm-hm this will be able to
bench just not today bye guys
