just broke up I look so rough
okay guys who wait I've been working up
lately with a really sore throat but it
like goes away after I'm like up and
about does anyone else get this and does
anyone know what to do about it
is it I do sleep in my window open by
fucking always left my window open I
hurt so bad like I would ope it hurts so
bad
mmm guys thank you for being my friend I
mean any what this like there's
something that makes me really happy
knowing to get up in like vlog and that
people are gonna see it and care and be
interested in what I have to say it's a
good feeling
yeah people might say it's a it's
wanting to be validated who it is who
doesn't wanna be allocated in this world
so anyways thank you guys for listening
to this my brother is coming up today
yeah yeah Larry will be staying here
tonight yeah so um I'm excited about
that I'm so ready packages open up and
fret literally looks like I have a
warehouse at my house but um yeah so
they're coming up and that's exciting
and that's my family so I love all of
you my family gets together and you go
to my dad when these days haven't seen
them since Father's Day the worst
daughter
ever I miss my dad a lot so I mean go
see him but I just love families I love
when my family all gets together we have
so much fun
I'm so self-conscious about my rez
everyone tells me I had cankles for
wrists and I kind of do like in a white
guys I was talked about this the other
day I have I get what we talked about
this hour we don't need to like rehashes
but I have gained weight I'm like aware
I'm not almost people who like don't
realize that I'm gaining weight like I I
know I'm getting weight it's why were
swap hands yesterday from of the day
fine it happens um but now I'm like
really self-conscious and all I can
leave all my fabrice the joys of being
on the Internet um barrels a day goes
and
I'm in a good mood so I'm not gonna let
people sat me that my ghost is still
here
Raleigh's Friendly Ghost so see what
happens so guys I went through a little
bit of identity crisis a little
middle-aged quarter life crisis where I
just want to feel like young so I dyed
my hair pink ombre do you love it okay
it's a wig and it's a really obvious wig
but I got it I just kind of wanted like
a cheap wig to see what I would look
like with pink hair because I've been
wanting to dye my hair pink forever but
I just don't know like I want the whole
thing pink and I should just do like
streaks of pink ombre pink I don't know
like Nicki Minaj another look I don't
even own even Nicki Minaj songs that was
my Nicki Minaj and literally no Super
Bass which was from forever ago yo yo
can I get that chunk and I get that
honey can I get that cooked I get that
room I'm gonna get that margarita on the
rock back can I get awesome all around
that remember mmm tray I was like yo
Trey do you think you could buy me a
bottle of oh say okay let's get enough
I'm a bad bitch she would've friends
also has to keep the band's keep the
band's keys AB is move alright ya betta
then if we try to get cute himself up
the lot of money other than yell fuck up
fuck up I'm gonna work
excuse me I'm sorry I'm really such a
lady i rep Young Money you know slim
baby and we've you thought and we'll be
rolling better than ever done very
eighty we give a lot of money to the
baby out here alone oh uh do you hear me
dan I met daddy and Nicki rest in peace
Eric will smith kiss my dear soulful
says they had a merry man don't send a
bottle of under one whole world it's
Mike Nash anyways I don't know I am like
having this like I kind of am having a
little bit of an identity crisis where I
don't know I need to change I need by
the way like all that stuff in the
background is either going to be donated
or put up on eBay there's just so much
this whole room is just gonna be like
donate a drop on eBay I'm just
cluttering decluttering my life my um
sister-in-law is gonna be coming to take
it either for donations or for selling
but yeah this is me my thing right now I
get I don't mind it right uncle pink
hair anyways that's not I was doing my
makeup I love this stuff this isn't an
upcoming haul but this stuff is so
frickin good this is the
to Couture gold so good okay probably
have nothing else to say other than this
might be care shy shy like where this
when my brother and my sister-in-law
come up he guys what's up they would not
be surprised represent I'm the infamous
with my shirt what up
okay I'm gonna grab this boring have a
pink hair let me know you guys think of
my pink hair tried down my actual hair
pink I know maybe I'm carnie full three
hours wait my hair is ugly I look bald
this is not flattering I don't know what
if you come back down there on my
vlogging camera and you can see Trish
say hi and wear a bitch
you never want to be on my long now I
isn't that salty and was exactly oh I'm
like pulling a mom she always accepted
her say no this is my house to her see
it's my favorite my babies and um yeah I
just did a haul just kidding and - no oh
what - no because everything's packed in
there presents already that's true we
might having brother today we don't
although I can show you what I am
obsessed with my quest bars that I just
got these things are bomb calm I got
peanut butter Supremes what else we get
I don't know white chocolate raspberry
and going on my phone
barbacoa
chocolate peanut butter I'm in love with
peanut butter and the last one is
cookies and cream it's really people
very eclectic I'm so tired today
oh and then make up these outfit ight
suppressant but I just don't think they
work cuz it took two and I ate a whole
bag of chocolate-covered whatever
they're called and brother I told you is
really urgent brother and sister-in-law
were just to come up and are they no no
they're not
I'm Laurie hungry and I got upset
because we wasted our whole Saturday
yeah so more like basically was it gravy
with them cuz I was like I want to go
soon and I was like we should go to the
food court I don't really like food
court food but I like whatever I'll go
and have a snack it was not great it was
not that great right and Lucille's we
need some chicken in my body I know I
didn't get any protein on my salad
either because I was gonna get salmon
tonight and then I got their gifts
already and it's just annoying and I
know my brother is mad at me because I'm
mad I'm like that doesn't work like that
I'm only the mad one it's just I'm this
I feel like this weekend is wasted
because I could have had so much plans
by Orange names well I don't know
probably so hang out with you but we
could have probably done something
different yeah then go to a lame-o come
on to fun one
wait a minute that and then my sister
got me the brush set from my curse and I
got travel-size of caviar moisturizing
shampoo and conditioner because my
sister said they're awesome
I do you guess I mean you're all they
haven't you know Europe although you
might so many are going right now my New
York travel and I didn't I know cuz I'm
at the I'm saying they're good legs I
saw James just music yes I said shoes
today then I got a upsets on partner how
cute it's in the shit is really kegs
Shermer yeah I don't know the one that I
have every time like I screw it open or
what so if you want to know why we're
avoiding my blogs even though you had
your channel going can you explain know
this kid by the way got your arm out
that far that's so annoying
oh that was not flattering please cut
that out
I mean look though it squeezes my face
oh no it's not
living living for the squished face my
sister smells so bad I got I should
quite a mess up day I think I'm gonna do
a haul I haven't had a haunt a while
anyway ideal normal because I actually
did quite a bit of stuff and I wasn't
planning on getting dead and it's not
like that expensive stuff yeah it was
but it was like really cute like I'm
like Bonanno I didn't say it was ugly
no I don't you mean I don't you're
saying cuz like me I'm like aw I want
some stuff on crap but I got like really
cute stuff so I'm gonna actually like go
home
Buechele eggs cuz it's right we're at
Magus and I'm so excited we're gonna go
see Donny Osmond I love it oh my god
everybody thinks I'm so weird fucking
waters you well this one's on deck this
water right here is on deck because on
budget and my baby Pellegrino CV you
know that's why the most unflattering
angle for me I'm gonna do the high yeah
that looks so much better
I've gotten so many compliments if you
watch this so crazy it's like I have my
sis check out me babe we should play as
a pageant you a video we do it's a
heads-up chance they do that on video
like as a challenge I love that game
ahead does anybody play that game
obviously they must play it
that's yeah everyone plays heads-up I
get something on YouTube I want to watch
Shane's um Kim Kardashian gave me one oh
yeah that was funny i watch that one
who's put money in it he's like you did
watch it oh yeah Kim wanted free clothes
she's like oh but comp though and he's
like no bitch pay for it because what
the only option was to give her free
clothes you think I guess take the free
clothes bitch guys like that was the
only option he could do but it's
hilarious I know it was free funny and
then she'd be like a hundred million
dollars in a week he said or something
yeah yes I'm like are you kidding me
right now because everybody wants to be
a virtual Kim Kardashian I guess cuz
like it's free to download but he said
like to get to the next level you have
to pay like two dollars and people just
keep like paint I'm like don't I like to
pay for like what extra shoes or extra
whatever I don't know is don't pay in a
virtual eye you think I waste money
don't waste money on that ish I mean on
on virtual Christian Louboutins that's
awkward
just buy something let me get in here oh
you've got lots of goodies I think you
should do a haul on your channel okay
you got like lots of goodies in here
actually they're interesting stuff bye
sister guys pigs out really interesting
things them all actually why what stuff
oh you think that's like we went to the
GNC store like I would never go in there
ever I know like this was kind of cool
and then we like in Sephora you like saw
the makeup brushes first and you pick
out some good stuff but I know I feel
like I copy you know a lot although
those time for like yourselfers
oh yeah our video come about people who
copy other people might be my sister all
the time I think it's a form of flattery
though huh
no it was just I just what I think it's
a form of flattery like oh yeah so we're
mic up and guess what other people have
it
just like you yeah I know that person
but they habit it's one deadly form
flattery like when someone like asking
well obviously show you with you guys
where I get stuff but when people ask me
what get stuff like I feel like it's a
compliment that you like my style that
much I tell my sister the same thing you
know I'm like my and I got like you said
it's like anyone can buy anything like
and I mentioned this in a video that I
don't think that yeah it'll come out
though but I mentioned a video like
because I have a Louie Vuitton never
fall and I got a porn sister does that
mean she's copying me no because like
everybody in the world owns a Louie
Vuitton never fold like that's a very
basic thing to buy so like when someone
buys something that they mass produce
it's just so stupid that people a matter
with a copy if you want this who's
exclusive stuff why don't you buy like a
car that's made one of 200 or whatever
yeah right like go be actual bougie and
not be be bougie cuz Phoebe's not bougie
I like easy but that's not we're not
fucking exclusive and a special
snowflake cuz you shop a BB which a mini
purse
ah like literally anyone can go buy a
mini for that BB they literally make a
hundred thousands of those they're not
all copying you you know but my sister a
my sister I used to pick that but we
were like 12 when we cared about if she
copied me people right now I hope idiot
him out this it was just it's annoying
that video will come out my main channel
but I got cute some very secret or just
kissed of a target today - yeah good
stories happened today
named for my vlogging cameras we were
walking around like we got no but I was
has borrow girl at tomorrow if you're
watching this I told my sister with a
spiral or a trial I'm sorry the
steakhouse yeah I told her dad we get
her name no the shoes name and someone
actually said oh my god is that Trisha
and I thought they said it and I walk
past and I felt really bad I was really
tired today so like I kind of heard it
and that's kinda like really tired I'm
like oh my god should I stop and say and
then I felt like I still feel bad about
it I feel like God's gonna like punish
me because I didn't stop and say hi
cuz I've always wanted people to
recognize me I should have just stopped
but I didn't know she said it and then
it's like oh my god and I asked my
sister later she was yeah she did as
like oh why did you say something like
it was my fault I felt that I was really
hard ok but honestly even if I'm like
really
and I don't hear you like you got like
this comes after me yeah her yeah okay
ass because yeah because I'm usually
with you know but you've gotten
organized too cute on your own mom did
if you have Chang's that's I think you
guys have already seen that blog Holly
before you see this but mama Arkin has a
PF Changs we sat down I went to the
bathroom and the girls like oh my god I
watch your videos and I watched her just
videos all the time I was really cute
that's so funny Christine Christine from
pa-ching she also got a shout out just
chillin today sorry
is this your return back to my vlogs
yeah by the way epic epic fight that me
and my sister got that reason like she
like moved out of my place temporarily
was over being in a vlog being in the
background of a vlog so now I know where
we are falls out back at pundit there oh
my god I look like a turtle hello I look
like Jane girl for today wait is that
Heather Mooney yeah I don't you're
talking me I'm like that's a bitch
manager is saying is that other movie
mm-hm
I want MacGuffin driving and I'm tired
and we're um we decide to go on a date a
sister date cuz we're both hungry and I
was just like I'm tired of the a ship
food I used to always like order in food
and I'm so over ordering in food I just
telling my sister I'm I'm gonna lose so
much weight pretty soon cuz I'm like
just over all this food but I was hungry
and I just got my period like whatever
I'm gonna just pretty today
um and so we're gonna go on a sister
date the Saturday night try and turn
this day around as much as we can yeah
with good food because that's how happy
and switch is like where are you taking
me and I said it's surprise but you
probably figured out by now so you have
driven pretty far where do you think
we're going
regret a cap girl you guys always asking
you like you don't go to capital career
anymore
um haven't been there in a while so
we're gonna go there Shane it's not like
it's like quality food and I was like it
sums up whatever but I'd rather eat that
than like shit like we're gonna like
cheesecake back from ooh much better
saddle room yes get out of that one um
do yep so now we're driving there and
stuff my glasses gone and my hair looks
crazy I was looking so straight you know
I love it I really do that's why I
wanted to read you my animal language it
does not look cute it on like looking at
the reflections like Maki but it was
really really stringy and I can't wash
it till Monday and so I was like
whatever but I wanted to kind of like be
a little cute but I look like pregnant
sure I should see us like trying on
dresses it's just just like Macchio for
me but she looks good
so CT she's back in the blogs back guess
he was back back back back
oh I mean I'm was in town yet last night
tonight we should go see him again sir
my do one concert actually we what do
you think oh my god a blog in me yeah
you're gonna vote realize that I have
been there since I'm in 21 oh my god are
you gonna get a blogging camera you
should say hi you can rub her Vegas I
think it could be really fun who wants
to see Cali vlog a lot of snow in the
comments below cuz I just feel like what
do I do every day
nothing although I've been to that bar
no it is such a dive bar as soon as you
walking it just smells of beer and I'm
like this is not what it's cracked out
to be and she loves it
Cali loves it she's gone downhill since
the break-up folks but you
Giant Bomb look at this put into your
mouth compared to your head well doesn't
like that it does so G's at the busting
strip cocktail I got something new
tonight this precedes wreck site whereby
the wine we did make reservations
awaiting apples left and I look wrecked
oh my god it looks so torn whatever when
a sees giant prawns right now moving
there mmm so I got something a little
different this time
well I call this surf and turf I always
the officer was a servant here for maybe
that was the crab I don't know I like
crap too so tiny lobster mac and cheese
jail asparagus my sister got it
so we're neat that I show you guys well
be care oh hey so I if you want to wear
my pit my visa so pale compared to my
body's guys spray chills like I washed
my feet so more then I worked for Marty
doesn't work because three times a day
so that's obviously why you're warm what
was that cool oh you really wanna know
why are you sleep over somebody fiery is
espresso fresh but I'm so clean clean we
um say good night right very good dinner
yeah good conversation yes we had very
important topics to burn through we had
to quiz each other on the Sex and the
City last names does for house fit
Desperate Housewives last names and
friends last names weight and then we
did for like let's play a game name
often last names of the Sex in the City
girls go and then Callie's like let's do
Desperate Housewives and then shake well
we should probably go I mean I guess we
could do like the friends last name I
was like okay let's do that
but then I burned through that like it
was nobody's business so you guys in the
comments below you can play that game
you can tell us the last names of the
friends cast she got through it in like
two minutes I was very impressed
who else did we do oh um
say by the poem yeah I was like which
wheezing so anyways guys a little dizzy
and the way I would do with our she's me
everything my boobs look really bad for
my angle so let's not do that angle um
like sausages sausages sausages
I'm so tired
me too we're like really exhausted so
from just doing everything just kidding
we didn't do anything I think that's why
were exhausted it's like we just kind of
were waiting around all day and then
just got tired so may tomorrow be filled
with more energy and actual physical
activity yeah I love you guys so much do
you I love you guys too bullshit I do
love you
whoa we're gonna go ahead and go what's
the sign-off and to here's all my kisses
from my little baby fish no you don't
know if I can sign off if she isn't
watch my videos for months no I know
so until next time i'm rick moranis bear
yeah wait no the real one is leave me a
fucking comment because I'm lonely Ron
can haul wrong channel hi to Rick
Moranis I make marinas oh this hi
Raymond
cutter in Brenna's and until next time
you're my kisses from my little baby
bitch
ah bye guys fine
