ah good morning little veggies I
literally just woke up and since last
night I was vlogging right before I fell
asleep I kind of just threw my thing
next my phone so I made it convenient to
wake up first thing I asked you first
might do in our teeth oh my god guys Oh
gross you don't brush your teeth and day
but I just want to say oh that yarn
today is going to be a good day and when
you have a bad day the day before you
wake up and you start brush you don't
think about the day before you don't
worry about those troubles because guess
what there are some things life in life
can't control and whatever was ailing me
yesterday I don't wanna think about but
it's beyond my control it is and on
things are beyond your control you
simply move on and let it go so anyways
guys look brush teeth together oh
because I just feel like my blood all
right guys you need to brush these bad
boys sorry I'm a bronze I'm trying to
keep this very close to my oh my god go
tired I look this is how I wake up I
mean how everyone wakes up right
use some crust weight and that's the
highlight of my day this vlog will be
called brushing on my teeth hey so I
just finished filming a beauty haul and
I felt like I had a really low energy
through that beauty haul and I'm sorry
guys no I'm just going through some some
Shh
shit big shit some shit right now in my
own hand mostly and that's the scariest
place to be is in your own head but I
got this package and it was from my
friend Michaela up in Canada and I guys
don't know Michaela um we met on Twitter
and I have yet to meet her it'll happen
but she's sort of like my blonde little
sister and she sent me this little
goodie package and I have no idea why I
just like I just like cracked it open a
little because I wasn't expecting
anything from her I just cracked it open
a little and I saw all the stuff and I
said oh well you know what I'm gonna
include this in my blog and do something
so I kind of happy and I don't have
pants on zone sorry if I wash my crotch
at you but she said first of all so many
hand sanitizers girl mistake I'm dirty
Oh graham cracker marshmallow yeah like
so many like literally like hundreds of
hand sanitizers this girl's crazy
oh Jenny Hanson guys looks actually
haven't been to that my body works in a
hot minute
it's like candy so funny I'm actually
shooting I'm actually I think we are I
think we're doing a candy haul today me
and Shane so it's so funny they're
sucking I'm gonna get oh but this is
like a jerk I love it
they're like pecker patch sours yeah
penis gummies
troll knows me some nibs buy Twizzlers
little black licorice whoo bottle caps
really Wonka I've never had those trying
to go through this relatively quick this
girl always has glitter she just must
like cry glitter or smile glitter rather
10 G's and you twist sticks is kind of
like sour punch here in the in the
States
oh my god that was a little too
realistic this is a little prick writing
pem that looked like a very realistic
and um i'll brock's which is very
exciting
oh and I see David's TL for all girls
looks me up when it comes to David's tea
oh my gosh this actually made me so
happy I'm in a weird funk I'm sorry guys
but ah a frog you guys have to Swedish
fashion you guys watched my main channel
I have a mission J frog over there I
have a weird obsession with this little
frog held on a very Mahendra Madonna oh
my reading time girl love him where did
you find this I mean chickadee frogs not
exactly hip anymore
I was exciting I'm gonna ketchup chips
ketchup chips I think they're a little
crushed but I'm still gonna try em ah
Tim Hortons coffee mmm yes yes yes thank
you girl thank you I miss Canada just
for Tim Hortons for all thank you gosh
she's so sweet to me I love this girl so
much she literally always has the best
and kindest words to say to me
and then she got me some David's tea
loose teas these are the cutest old
things
Oh caramel corn tea YUM
and cotton candy flavored tea what is
this one cherry snow cone girl David's
tea killing it what is oh well she makes
these little cards to me she's so
freaking cute 24th day so smile 2050
I'll always put my friend okay I got to
read all this now this made me smile so
thank you guys so so sweet so thank you
for this letter you guys I don't have a
peel box anymore but just even words on
to whatever means so much to me to
support sometimes in a person sad all
they need to hear is that someone is
thinking of them I'm praying for them
and caring femine this was the nicest
thing ever this little care package made
me feel so good so thank you Mikayla and
I should go follow her on Twitter she's
just full of love and positivity and I
love that so anyways I gotta go upload
and change real quick I'm hungry oh
please Jiang gets here quick so we can
eat I don't know if I'm gonna vlog today
ah with him sometimes it sometimes you
just closer to my feelings ads and then
you just want to have a good chat
session with a branding what I mean I
haven't had human interaction with a
friend like real real friend in a while
and so it'll be nice to UM to see him
and he's always doing something and is
inspiring to be around people doing
something and motivating and it'll help
me get out of my funk for sure so as we
found a new candy store here in
Hollywood
this store
the biggest candy store I've ever seen
in my life so we're doing a candy haul
and so right along here this is the
biggest candy store it's at Holland
Island and there's just so much stuff
what to do fighting in here oh yeah okay
look nothing in there it's a secret
often I'll have a straw in this case I
think it is the biggest threat
stinky and it's also generic it's like
butter feet whatever we can still find
some if you've been back Karen there's a
lot of
carry like jellybeans pictures
the new friends man where Oh
this Big Ang for vh1 why I don't know
some mob wife show big mansion and know
this that literally looks like big bird
on it just ended this for the rear
section of the store
like I'm gonna shit overlooks your
and the security feed quite a lot of
film and they just watch me film sound
the sugar three one downstairs on the
liquid level on drugs aquaporins not to
get raped that's it oh okay guys so
every time Shane leaves I swear to
goodness there's a ghost in here so she
left like half-hour gum and um whatever
just like watching YouTube's or whatever
and was like fine and fun good time and
I was like hi Bonnie
I need a you can I makeup off so as I
clay down from Manasa can I achieve my
makeup before I like go to fold sleep so
I went and shaped makeup off and took a
makeup wipe and I just had so much week
one today that's like I just got like
scrap it with like ah so Ben so I did
and then I rinsed it off and I was
really got my face you give all the
water like smashing your face so you
can't really um you can't really hear
anything or you thinking or something
but it's like oh maybe it's just the
water or whatever and I heard someone
talking and I was like oh did he come
back in did he forget something it was
weird cuz I was like 20 minutes from the
after he left I was like ah I forgot
something as I said she I heard some
like respond to me and I don't believe
in ghosts guys at all but I tell you why
I think I fucking heard someone's talk
and then when I said sheen so i'm
replied to like hello it was so weird i
know it was there so i'll freaked out
never ever do I ever feel like I have
anyone here with me or like ghosts but
scary um that was word maybe it's mad I
don't know why would that be my head oh
my god thank God my brother and my
sister ha coming to stay with me
tomorrow I was like freaked out and I
will sleep with like this light on
tonight because I always get like a
little freaked out and when I was
younger I always slept with the lights
on is that weird I am NOT sensitive to
light like I can pass out and like a
fully lit room like I like the
TV on last Wednesday night I hate the
fact that like my room is so like
discombobulated up and organized which I
gotta do anyways before the furniture is
Leopard so look to week so for you like
this I hate it I just feel like so not
myself is how weird my the only one is
like that like when you're not
completely satisfied with your home
living surroundings you just don't feel
like yourself like I don't feel put
together with makeup or hair just like
everything's everywhere oh I got this
weird kick to change everything and then
I immediately regretted it was like girl
just loved it as it was my hat goes to
my house hopefully they're nice ghosts
um sorry I belonged too much today out
and about um just you know sometimes you
just need an event and you don't feel
like blogging I don't want to be
depressing and the great thing about
Shane is he's a really good listener so
many people in this world just talk and
don't listen and he's just a very good
listener and there's very few people
like that in my life and my family and
so I just like people who just listen
and um it just it helps to just fat
sometimes and I just have been going
through some weird issues and um and I
get in my own head sometime I'm really
tired of what about guys thank you guys
so far watching so much I got a stomach
ache it's too much candy and popcorn and
caramel popcorn and food honestly so
sick book so sick I literally look like
Deb I guess I'm gonna go hydrant Brandis
and it's enough time to make it says
