okay so I'm just pulling in to the movie
theater parking garage and I actually
it's it's like 2:30 and I like just woke
up to 40 which is what time I movie
start so I gotta get in there but um I
just woke up at like 2 o'clock I've been
so jet lag three things to address when
I have them brush my teeth today very
gross - I am NOT a homophobic and three
I am NOT a hooker and I hope I address
this when I come out of the movie but
I'm gonna go see a sex tape which looks
painful painful painful but it was the
next thing starting and I just wanted to
eat some popcorn because I haven't been
feeling well not like physically sick
just mentally drained so that's why I
took today off so we're gonna discuss
those laughs three topics and I get back
on the car but anyways let's go to
movies okay so I'm just bought one for
sex tape probably the only one in the
theater it was the only show time of the
day I don't know how long it did but it
has been out for a while so I'm gonna go
get some cheese I have a really big
theater where I live um so yeah get some
popcorn and some coke I just love being
at the movies relaxing so whether it's
funny or not it's movies
and about that yes I'm literally the
worst movie I've ever seen in my life
I almost walked out of it it was so bad
only kind of funny part was Rob Lowe but
guys more tricks torturous a actually
might be the worst movie I've ever seen
don't go see sex tape it was only one
theatre time so it was really really bad
um but whatever it was entertainment I
guess I don't know nothing else like
that Gardens the galaxy inter so anyways
I'm gonna run target and just go home
and shell I haven't watched Big Brother
from last night so I gotta catch up on
that siding line someone's home made a
vlog even if I'm doing nothing she's
literally what I'm doing it I feel like
I've been neglecting Trish's life a
little bit but this is just life this is
exciting as again so alright next okay
oh my tummy hurts every time I eat movie
popcorn my stomach hurts so bad my
stomach is like oh I think I'm like
really like allergic to it or like me it
just doesn't sit well with my stomach
which is crazy because I eat so much bad
stuff for me like so much junk food
absolutely like a family like 20 people
walk me on a car go right now like why
would you bring your entire family to
target that just sounds like a lot of
work it's very crowded at this mall
today my target did a mall which makes
it not I don't love it because it's like
everyone in the mall or eating is also
on the parking lot so this is whatever
I'm just gonna have to walk it's good
for me to walk guys I am um I didn't get
I haven't this like personal training
trial thing am i at this gym I go to for
like I was like a month trial thing you
could try it out and I was like I don't
want to renew it cuz I'm like busy I
know like I know you guys went
everything at busy but again I'm really
busy and I was like oh and I was it's
like I had a council laxative you know
things would come up you know with what
I do it's like always something like
random comes up
just like try around the sparking that I
like to part too far but it'll yeah I
was feel like people followed me my car
I like a weird paranoia about that um
but I was just thinking I need I should
probably do it again just like make time
for like if I have to cancel cuz like
something comes up like I need to go and
make time for but I think I want a
different trainer I think that my
problem - I didn't like the guy though
he was a little off-putting and that was
kind of on that stack me wet so I think
I need to I don't know can you meet with
trainers um because I really really want
to start getting into shape I think I
you know I've been feeling really just
down about just a lot of things lately
I've gained weight
I don't feel well physically I feel very
sluggish and you know I don't I can walk
and I know what to do like cardio-wise
my hair looks like crazy I just need to
like tone up because you know my arms I
am self-conscious about it at times
because I've never been the weight I am
now this is my biggest and I think when
you you get to be the biggest you've
been you get a little self-conscious um
and it's just didn't mind their things
it's not like I'm so far gone there was
a spot ok past it it's not like I'm so
far gone where it's like oh I've never
looked sexy again you know I mean I'm
almost like depressing I mean like I
feel good about myself but them's like
these days I feel like ugly and you put
makeup on all these days I don't wear
makeup it's like ok but anyways um I got
that guy's like t-shirts on his car look
alien part next Tim that makes sense oh
and a van no mm-hmm because I am like
the ker I just I'm so just really I
don't know when it comes to parking I'm
just like it's like family day at this
small Grayson the guy selling t-shirts
logics or creeped me out and all there's
people going to buy it okay mom the
creepy ones are going I don't know why
but parking lots and parking structures
creeped me out behind my McFly sort of
thing right okay anyway guys okay what
if I was going these people they just
keep seeing me circle um okay this is
got a song do you feel like you're on a
journey with me I felt like we all were
on a journey um so yeah I'm thinking
about doing that right
I'm theme marketing like um hope thing
in mind like a trainer like it just me
overall you know you know me um I just
been eating so much lately so much not
like my periods coming I just been
eating a lot and it's really not
anything anybody says to me like oh I'm
gluttonous and I'm huge and you know
what I mean like I mean I hear that when
I'm 50 pounds lighter that doesn't
bother me what bothers me is when I have
difficulty just moving or getting hung
moving but just you know I get winded
easy I get winded and I mean it does
feel lethargic you what I mean so it's
not about how you feel about yourself
that's what I've always breached and
like I said I know people twice my size
who are very they seem comfortable you
know when they're moving around and
that's all that matters is what you're
comfortable with but at this size I'm
not but I know you shouldn't talk about
it you should just do it so I'm not
gonna talk about it too much more I
didn't like the movie but I will say
Cameron Diaz had a really really nice
body assuming that was her naked body
um and Jason Segel lost a ton of weight
he looked hot too terrible movie but
they looked good uh yeah
like do you like the little real hairs
to get my hair she didn't look half bad
down there but I was just
I'm gonna go get white towels and I'm
gonna go get food and I feel like here's
the thing I was like y'all are gonna go
judge me now cuz I'm gonna go get food I
don't know
um but then it's like well I'm not gonna
hide who I am you know what I mean yeah
I need to cut back on junk food and I
need a shower exercising like obviously
but I think a lot of people understand
especially those washing is you can
comment on someone's weight on what they
eat you can tell them they look gross
and disgusting and they're gonna die and
you know all these like really hurtful
things you can say that all you want
that won't that won't get through to a
person's head it doesn't you don't I
mean I hear it so much um it's all about
mental it is I've gone up and down and
I've diet like you have to mentally be
there I'm not quite mentally there yet
but I am you know I have some sessions
and therapy sessions I'm going back to
and um I'm gonna mentally be back there
and that space where I want to feel
better about myself but I'm in this
weird been a weird funk guy's house
cause I'm in this weird thing where I
almost like a self-sabotage meets not
caring and that is not a good feeling so
I'm gonna get there I don't mean to
press anyone cuz I'm actually and not
depressed
I'm very at a normal level very normal
level I'm not super happy I'm not super
depressed but um I need to bring this up
a little bit more to the happy stage but
anyways okay
I look crazy I have no makeup on today
but uh you know we're gonna go and uh
yeah I've heard the same wear the same
shirt is it worth shit I don't know
about you guys but I will wear the same
outfit I'll keep it out of the dirty
laundry I wear like four days in a row
that's just might be gross but we're
gonna talk about the other stuff when I
get back if I say keep me targeted how I
needed here I like I just walked in I
can't I have no idea there's so much my
mind
no idea what I want to hear for but I
know this goes in so phrases I really
don't mean like this but like little
black kids are you curious popping
things ever from like age like toot like
eight thank you and adorable and they're
always smiling and laughing and have
these bright fucking clothes on in front
of me I let them pass me I feel it's
weird it's like in the background one
time is awesome green neon shoes and
young green shorts my dad liked that guy
I'm so bad
doctor ha baby you don't I mean I feel
like adoptions more my route I kind of
know why baby I seen a book I know it
sounds so bad and don't we nip at it off
they're just really cute they're really
cute I just want a little black boy yes
cool here too
yeah must be a creeper target literally
just like smiling at this kid right now
that's kind of with him I've no idea
what Oh which I need I know they came in
here for a bit
I think I get some white towels
that's gonna need Whitehouse my face
because I haven't done laundry and
literally like two months you ran out of
face towels my brother's coming up this
weekend and he uses face towels so I
thought you should buy some new ones or
I should just to laundry like a normal
person this makes me like I have a
really bad short haircut really not
attractive Trish Oh
Salazar still pretty that's why you
going in target I was what if I said I
don't need but there's so much stuff I'm
so I said on eBay that I really don't
need a clutter of my house anymore these
are the face tiles I get furious mister
washes before me so I don't ever I know
it was that bad it's are like okay I'm
love battle oops I mean I wash after use
own bed what possibly could be on there
ah tired eyes and tired hmm Boston um I
would fuck Rob Lowe mm-hmm one super
important thing I swear just how I would
you Simpson in a red Bronco yes I know
that he was driving in a white Bronco
during the whole like chase thing but I
swear to goodness
I said I would you sense in an Arab
Bronco not even kidding um there is
something else I wanted to address with
you all but I don't remember oh I've got
a pizza at Spiro you can judge me but I
don't think I'm going to eat it a little
old lady got the cheese pizza in front
of me said it was too cold ask them but
back in they put it back in she was
still waiting for me I think they took
her slice out I sauce very specifically
that her size was on the right my was on
the left and I feel like they took hers
back out and put it in my bag and she
was touching it feeling it froze half
don't think I'm gonna eat it never it's
better I got these giant Ninja Turtle
gummies
or huge um okay let's address so we
talked about the top of the video today
not brushing my teeth totally regret
this decision because now all day I am
feeling so like nasty like good the
having popcorn even that with the not
brushing the teeth and cleaning it out
it's just it wasn't it wasn't good ah no
wasn't okay that was the first thing we
had to discuss to homophobia guys not
homophobic I don't you know I got it
like people took the video downs in it I
thought okay it's good to have an
opinion but it's a pity it hurts other
people then you don't need to say it and
so I was like I needed to take that down
because that was my opinion my beliefs
and if it was hurting other people and
causing people to be depressed it you
know I was like ah she just take it down
because that's not right and I didn't
need to except I need to realize that I
have influence and power my words okay
sent out of that and don't know why she
kept down you're letting people win and
it's like I didn't but I wasn't letting
people win I was doing accident when
anyone to feel bad but then this is this
is a lesson that I feel like I'm highly
we'll discuss it in a main channel video
somehow someway I incorporate it I don't
know I haven't thought about yet but the
importance of taking someone's opinion
for a grain of salt everyone has an
opinion in this world people are idiots
people are ignorant people there are
just a variety of people in this world
okay guys some people are right some
people are wrong but think with an
opinion is there there's no right or
wrong even if there is right or wrong
there's no right or wrong if that makes
sense
we could have the opinion that I'm kind
of think I'd like I'm so proud I like
coming up analogies on paper ahead
someone can have the opinion that all
white people are racist is that an
accurate statement no obviously
absolutely not that's not an accurate
statement all that people are lazy that
could be someone's opinion is that
correct no in them in their mind they're
correct everyone has different
experiences everyone is says things for
different reasons
and my friend Sanders did an awesome
video in response to being gay is a
choice to his no Sanders is gay and my
point of that video was not to make
anyone feel bad when I say bisexuality
doesn't exist for me it doesn't exist I
don't believe I'm bisexual I feel like
I'm either gay or I'm straight I don't
know which one I am full yet that's my
theme that's my confusion in my head
that's kind of all I was going with I
really didn't mean to offend anyone and
by bringing this up I'm sure it's just
gonna cause this whole new thing and I
was kind of hoping it would just simmer
but to be honest that was my belief I
have to kind of stick by it because if I
keep taking videos down and apologizing
you know I don't like animals I
apologized for being rude about animals
like but then it's like but that's just
my opinion your dog could have saved
your life that could be your companion
you need in this world to keep living
you know I don't like then that was my
opinion I don't lead at the video and
you know I kind of regret it
but you know what I could tweet it it's
like you know I'm not like a normal
person with a normal opinion my opinion
is received by very young easily
influenced individuals and so
then is that whole catch-22 where it's
like oh do I stop being myself and
giving my opinion because there are
people who are impressionable that I
could be molding their minds to think
like me if even if that's not a good way
to take a look bottom line end of the
day it's an AMA phobic I'm not racist
and I think all that matters is that I
know of that because boys I miss a blown
printer
forget I feel like a gay man chattering
woman's body I'm always said that I feel
you know I don't I don't know if people
understand what I'm saying when I say
that but I just love gay people I think
they're the most accept this nothing is
on Twitter they are the only ones who
truly accept me for me when I'm cake
based or not when you donate me they're
the only people who'd never comment on
you know how much makeup I wear you know
yeah gay people can be catty and I'm not
saying that they're all like perfect
people but in my experience is the only
ones who've ever fully accepted me so
I'm not homophobic and someone made a
video about it in my new it's like oh a
nerd people how can you call me ignorant
when that's just hi that's just how I
think you know and there are ignorant
people who think like um you just want
to see me get in trouble but let's just
say all all black people are violent for
instance that's an ignorant thought but
then you gotta kind of think how are
they raised where were they raised um
you know someone put that in their mind
you know we're all born with a very
blank slate so wrong and you know that
whole nature versus nurture thing we're
all brought up a certain way and you
know some people some people change and
evolve I have changed involved I am not
gonna lie
um growing up Catholic
Catholic Church believes that being gay
is wrong or gay marriage is wrong they
think you can be gay just don't act on
it is there their stance so for a while
especially before I moved to LA I was
kind of thought yeah being being gay
okay yeah you can't be gay which then
confused me when I thought when I come
girls attractive and you know what I
mean and thank God I moved to LA my mind
open and expanded another thing I love
where I'm from I'm from a very redneck
hillbilly town in Illinois I was born in
oversee how farted but I moved back to
America three or four very ignorant know
all white people in my school there was
no Hispanic Asian black none so those
people are very close-minded and anger
and they're going to be because that's
the way they were brought up and there
was a lot of racial jokes back there and
it's just it's just how they were
brought up and so I Paulo some of them
on Facebook still and they you know they
still say very racist things and but you
it's just it's just a big thing so
bottom line two opinions everyone has
one don't want someone's opinions affect
your life you know people think I'm a
fat disgusting slut and we don't get to
that hooker thing in a minute that's
their opinion and you know what they
can't change that I can't change that
you know I'm not gonna try to change
that that's too exhausting to change
them with opinion you know you hear
someone's opinion you know Leo DiCaprio
doesn't like chubby short chicks okay
yeah that sucks doesn't mean I'm not
gonna still love Leonardo Caprio you
know I don't know that me I know people
hate compare that chubby pink with like
being a gay or black or something
the reason I use that comparison it's
the only thing I I think that people
really attack me for so I'm just trying
to use that in comparison yes and you
know I can't change that you can't
change the color of your skin or your
whatever your your thing maybe I'm just
saying that in comparison to I mean I
it's not like I'm a perfect person
that's never been hated on in my life uh
there's that another final thing I am
NOT a hunger rise I am
I'm not augur I'm sorry to this point
yes I used to ask where back in the day
but people who think I'm a hooker going
you know I have want to say I did but as
I'm going to see this guy right
I'm going on a date with someone or a
guy friends that I see um just my
co-writer my heart buck I know anyways I
am no longer a square I I read it and I
mean you know it doesn't hurt it's just
so ridiculous and I don't want anyone to
think that that's why I'm still doing
nothing that matters I just thought I
should address it cuz I know I read then
doesn't adjust this so did she's a
hooker
I'm not a hooker I hustle I'm not a
hooker um I haven't even had sex in um
oh I just had sex last week but before I
had before last week um I hadn't had sex
in like maybe two months so which is a
lot for me um but I don't get paid for
sex so I don't get paid for sex I don't
know where that came from at all um I
just don't like seeing it in the
comments and the funny how some things
trigger you um you know like I said
doesn't make me like upset it just no it
just makes me feel weird I guess that
people assume that because of all the
things I put out about myself and I put
out there that's the last thing but I
can see it I guess I could see how
people could assume so some people just
love just hate me okay I'm a hears down
because I need a shower
I'm like so like hot and sweaty but if
you're wondering why my videos seem a
little all over the place or I smell
that face it's like my life is that
different way right now I was in like
redoing my bedroom so basically all my
friends right I donated and I'm like
trying to figure out how to get new
furniture I mean I know how to get new
furniture but furniture I like and that
just seemed to wait easier in my mind
and I was like and I'm hot and I can't
think so anyways I just thought to show
you this is like this is like my this is
my den so and for all of you still say
I'm a hugger
this is where I'm hooking up not be
making much money I don't think um you
imagined at all I just thought of that
oh my god could you imagine like you pay
for a hooker and she's like a shadow he
come to my place and then this is it
it'll see a crack then um yeah my house
can't say you're packed in I am okay I'm
gonna shower doesn't make really hot but
I have a spray tan though oh the
struggle is real do I straight into I
shower doors breaking a shower
go eat something first in my house and
then well let's make a decision later
I'm not naked yet I don't you shower
don't you commit to that maybe on these
break camp I do not feel like a nice boy
can uh
struggle the shows real so this is not
creepy at all
should this looks like so coop it sounds
like Blair wedge like I'm in like I'm
hiding out or something I'm actually my
light is way over there because I'm
changing the layout of my rooms oh my my
bed light is way over um there so like
let me just put my phone on really
bright and talk to you guys this way um
sorry that's a little creepy a little
bad lighting vary by lighting ask my TV
light on but on the secretly tired
it is 1141 as you can see I have the
brightness full up at my home in Kenzie
especially as I'm 41 um late for me I
mean I did get up late today weird
sleeping pattern but honestly guys I
just went to the bathroom I fell asleep
on the couch just a little bit dodging
frozen and I kind of feel like it'd been
drugged or something it's weird I feel a
little sick not like I want to throw up
or even like a headache I just feel very
like woozy um like poisoned or something
is so weird breaking glass night or
anything um so I don't know just got
really lightheaded so it's really quiet
should turn my TV on I was like wise is
that quiet cuz I don't have my TV em um
but God what could it be guys I don't
know I don't know felt like this like
hardcore like I said not a headache not
um it's not stomachache really just like
a really I just got lightheaded and just
like woozy and I still feel woozy I kind
of feel dizzy but I haven't been
drinking I didn't drink at all actually
hmm I guess we'll see good news is you
should go up a few days after the fact
so you'll know if I'm still alive by
looking at my Twitter or if this
actually goes up 10% remaining
okay anyways I got so I got bags into my
eyes you guys have been noticing them
all the haters point out the bags under
my eyes I have bags under my eyes I have
lived a hard life whether anybody wants
to agree with that or not some people
think I've been pampered and spoiled my
life's been hard but we all have a story
and we all have a struggle I am not the
only one with a hard life or that had a
hard life this is just the wear and tear
of stress and other things that I have
to deal with but I will deal with them
I hope this vlog was in the present I
try I say stuff not to be depressing but
just to kind of be real with you guys so
now that we all have low points and we
all get through them don't we um so yeah
stay positive little people little
people and regular-sized people and big
people I love you guys so much I want to
say hi to R and s and so sorry for this
creepy lighting I'm so scared right now
look at that mmm Oh breakout that's
really attractive I'm so scared I'm so
scared right I'm just scared I'm so
scared right now does a game at horror
movie look really bad with no hair okay
did not brush my teeth so gross to roll
brush my teeth tomorrow shall be a
better day and until then hi to Rick
Moranis and until next time here my
kisses hmm bye guys
