okay guys so I'm here my mom we just
finished our secret project that we
can't see anything about sometimes I
keep my giving a bit close to it but it
was fun we had a good time right yes
that's always say now we're hungry
so what pure cheese hip bones and our
wheat ran into oh not only a fishy but
uh what do you call your people you
could you don't have answer we saw
someone I watched my mom's video which
was at first my mom were you excited yes
and she was when I saw Tricia so she saw
you first but she knew her video she
knew everything I loved it
people say I watch your videos with the
book what's your name again but she knew
everything her name was Christina
Christina there's heat and yeah I'm so
greasy right now but and the hot it's
hot here we're hungry so we're gonna eat
when I come home it's still early day so
all day is that time I'm night again you
guys I'm on my couch I did not blog
hardly anything today which is so ironic
cuz today was one of the most exciting
days but I just couldn't blog any of it
I guys will know and I'm not only making
I'm not like trying to build up like a
big surprise like a lot of a lot of
YouTube there's a ton of youtubers that
always have like surprises and actually
most of them the surprise are like worth
the wait and stick really cool I mean
this surprise is not actually anything
crazy it's not even a surprise it's more
I'm just like I can't say anything and
it's just it was just fun day and I had
a really good time but I'm gonna ended
up going shopping I ended up buying this
whole ensemble from a Victoria's Secret
it has these like little leopard things
because I was so uncomfortable I ate so
much a PF Changs and I was like kind of
uncomfortable she said mom I need a like
I want to walk around the mall but I
want to get like an outfit so I change
into flip-flops and this and my makeup
is so greasy I'm ready to take it off
but you guys I'm a little sad I mean I
had such a good day and here's think
this is how boys fuck with your mind
there was a guy that I saw out last week
and it's a guy I've been seeing for
almost two years now I'm so in love with
this guy I'm still infatuated with him I
would never want to hurt him or anything
and I think I said something wrong
late last Saturday and he has so mad at
me and then Sunday he seemed like he was
kind of okay but still mad and I texted
on Monday no reply Tuesday no reply and
finally tisn't is it I think you were
only at least I could by and I just
ignore me like I
gave him a reason of why I would ignore
him or whatever I always when he asked
my explanation I'd always gave it to him
it's just like the trouble with boys you
know what I mean boys just will break
your heart and you will continue to let
them break your heart because especially
if you're someone like me who's just
don't use him a romantic cuz this guy's
not a romantic I'm not a romantic I am
I'm someone who I don't have a lot of
happiness in my life you know I I have
things that make me happy I have a great
family but I have a great family great
job great friends says do make me really
happy but somehow I don't feel fulfilled
without having the acceptance of a guy
and the fact that a guy would this
happens to me I don't break up with
people I don't get rid of people in my
life guys I'm really into and really
love always are the ones to get rid of
me and thinking did I I wasn't even
crazy here's the thing I'm always crazy
to this guy I wasn't even crazy today I
don't know how I went past the line and
did he just have enough he's just like
not worth it it's so sad it is so sad am
I the only one that has his trouble with
boys do you guys have trouble with boys
and ain't like this other guy this is
like really sad so i started not seeing
but this other guy talks to me all the
time and i saw him this past weekend too
in um in the city and i really liked him
and well guys i like are never available
i don't mean that they're taken and to
saying you know they're like emotionally
not available or oh i don't know I don't
know sometimes and I don't know what I'm
doing with my life like why is it so
hard for me to find someone why is it so
hard you know I've read the gossip forum
boards people say you know the way you
look the way you act but is that true I
mean like it's that true because there
are girls who are blonde and I'm sure
way Dumber
and more superficial than me and it's
like are they never gonna find someone
and everyone I like seems to be taken in
some form some shape or form and I allow
myself to fall in love with these people
just easy okay that was weird
thank you okay no guys like let me know
your vison I know you guys will say it
we'll stop looking but the thing is I
have stopped looking three times and I'm
like oh like true love like whatever
like that doesn't exist like I don't
even care I'm just gonna have a good
time but I can't help what I feel about
people you know what I mean don't eat
this trump bar I'm really full but I
still like five hundred of these from
the Trump Hotel just FYI okay let me
know what you guys think I just um I
don't know I guess I feel too hard I
love too hard or too hard I care about
everyone that's in my life
maybe I'm mixing some feelings up
sometimes with caring for people just as
people and caring for them in a romantic
way the problem is I don't mean this
conceited promise is when you look the
way I look you know boobs blonde hair
you know very like curry she's something
you notice it's a lot of girls have
small boobs in this world everything
that's like an insult or that I'm better
than them because I a large chest
I bought a large chest you could buy a
large chest I'm not special girl this
pump oops I was staring at my boobs in
the mall and add things we did today and
I was looking around I was like there's
that girls actually I like small watches
so I get it I portray a very sexual
image so guys are gonna look at me as a
sexual object and when I do have sex
with people I feel very connected to
them and maybe that's a false sense of
connection and maybe I need to go back
to therapy
I don't know man what do you write
thanks guys for listening I know this
was not much of a blog got to see us
kind of eat up eat up drinks up not the
food now has a day busted but I love you
guys
do you guys still like Trish's life
Christina at the restaurant today said
that she actually prefers his channel to
me like a lady your main channel touch
because I go to your Trish's life one
first week meeting for a good cuz I made
this channel thinking you guys didn't
really like these videos so they came
for those who wanted to watch it can
come over here so I hope you guys are
liking it um okay so I'm gonna go wash
off my makeup cuz it'll go right say I
love you guys so much thank you watching
hi to Rick Moranis I know you would
never break my heart and until s I'm
here because they smell little cubby
fishy mmm hi guys
