fuck hand in there sorry of the per shot
no you're good all right
you know you had the camera sure you do
it we're real-life vloggers that's real
life get it it's a bucket of cheffou so
excited about this it's cold it's cool
aren't you hot before the Sun I thought
maybe you were like hot guys yes I just
took a bite and I'm double dipping I
love double dipping I love double
dipping I love chips and salsa we really
wanted to install some margaritas why I
wanted margaritas is it good it's really
good we're so la this is a very la place
on Sunset Strip team captain America
fails every other place we try to go all
the Lighting's terrible sorry about it
but we haven't blogged in a whi always
heard that weekend together and we
didn't even belong we didn't always know
where is my kid but we work together
yeah that was really fun
a lucky
like the bus we gonna do we've ever had
that was my peanut yeah so much fun now
we got to eat ESP sup boo thing I love
to a while like going out kids like
making popcorn and candy cheese pizza
and pasta and ice cream it's
never-ending
food pizza literally my dad what are the
same diet and they're so skinny but now
we are on a Monday and we filmed the
video he's supposed to be editing but
she got me she she gave me a good idea
for a video or she said I'll shoot this
video okay great we shot it really fun
and obviously I wouldn't have been good
without her and then but then I was like
then she's like now I want to go lunch
you know you told me oh by you once
after a meal a coach me you didn't say
that you just said before eat lunch
after you buy you look after
if we'd open it
lunch is amazing purchase it if I'm not
working I'm not like putting yourself
out there then I guess
was my old
I need to be making something but you
literally made a video every day
yeah I know fine I'm all right but it
was really pretty video that I just want
to say well you guys go over and look at
it that way he doesn't feel and you've
been good though your videos like
whenever you post they do well and his
presidency in the holiday if we take a
day off so I love why you make these
statements
most people don't work safe and people
don't want the same
we work for the government
confirm you ain't here I'm here they
didn't hear me really
this is being tackled Oh everybody
look oh yeah he'll turn up enough in the
bottles over there see me about that
South Monday girl chips is my treat
today and then they go and they get
drunk over there and then David world
repeated will drop them off and he
doesn't make bars and they will just
drive round wait for them to come out
you know that he did that first one went
to a bar - you like something is hard
he's an odd 21 year old
we love them not chip in my ear hold on
hold for one second how do they keep
getting stuck in there where to go
Lisa didn't go between Italy I can't cuz
that's covered maybe we can't cover
today I covered it for you as being
modest
I like that nephew fur to that pink our
next don't try and change me
anyways my blog we should eat no no
let's keep talking so you have more
footage say one more thing you were so
amazing it meant so much to me overboard
like
like we're in Hawaii yes Beth will be
the weekend I didn't like that oh my god
hunting down being extra for you thank
you I'm so mad um Jason not be so extra
all the time what is it oh my god the
frozen strawberry margarita un truc try
oh yeah it's so good right look up think
it is I know
usually not a fun margarita is that what
we could have a cute pic
just do it looks like I'm having fun in
you're not okay guys now saw Trish's
dresses a couple me Jason just by this
time well no yeah oh my god you gotta
try this
you got a shaving down it's so good
Juan being down there oh
is that good or what how good is that
no I'm just doing really bad camera
there snake in there I just see this
check out 600 you said chicken I was so
excited about the chicken and steak
I got chicken quesadillas yours looks
really good hey you have something I
look so good that was so pretty
speaking hey there one I can make you
one thank you no I don't like any of
that I just like that I send a tortilla
chicken and village block no you you
should go right now I don't you sauces
this is how I eat just like that as good
this is broken
you guys are so lopsided I'm so confused
by this
oh hi more centered maybe maybe yeah
are you focused of you guys I am going
it's Monday
rush-hour I'm going like all the way to
the other side of LA and then some
I'm going like all the way west and then
South it's like so crazy to do this on a
Monday at literally 5 a lot literally
the 5 o'clock hour
I haven't talked to you guys in a minute
Carl of status I'm in love y'all looking
as a when I remember oh I'm just like so
focused on that person but I have stuff
coming up but I need to focus on for
myself so but yeah I had a really good
day oh my god it's crazy we took a nap
until today which like is weird I wasn't
even that - hello golden lights um it's
been a weird day it's it's it's
Presidents Day today so I don't know
when you see this but I've been a little
bit behind on my blogs the President
stated aim
and it's been like a weird day so
basically the weekend was kind of a
whirlwind we talked about a little bit
at lunch because hurt
we spent the weekend with his kids which
was really awesome and great and I
didn't vlog or anything so when you
don't vlog it's kind of just like um
it's a little hard to get back into it
like if I walk every single day I'm like
used to it
your vlog miss it's just for anything
just one of the chatters backers yes um
during vlogmas it was like so it became
so routine and still normal for me to
film everything throughout the day and
post and edit that night for you guys
watched the next day and in a weird way
like it was it was stressed a little bit
because like I would stay up to like
2:00 a.m. after like doing a full day of
things to like edit and so it was like a
little stressful I just wish I could
find the gap balance of doing both where
I'd go back to vlogging literally
everything like getting up and breakfast
and one of my thoughts in the morning I
love those tiles I was really proud my
blog misses past year and I want to get
back to that
it was just hard and then like I don't
know but the but when I was doing it
portable that was when I was doing it
felt very like normal it felt like a you
know my job you know to me and like it
just felt like something okay attrition
now you gotta edit the filming is when I
love the editing is really hard and I
know I feel like you can edit it I know
a lot of people look talk should I mean
you're not even shit like joke with me
that I don't at it I do I do sit what I
it's not like crazy editing I will
uggles it hasn't like I don't know why
this is like that it's not like editing
that I'm putting like sound and music
and all that lick it off
you know never but um you know I said
you sit through and like see if there's
anything Ashok I ever liked summation
said or something it's you know
something that's so boring I mean I've
come out like five-minute conversations
I don't have with people just cuz oh my
god it's even when it's happening I can
kind of sense it's like not that
interesting and so I'm like okay I'm
gonna cut this you know what I mean like
not that it's not interesting to me but
for a vlog you know what I mean so
anyway it's um yeah and then I got an
Adam Eve package and I'm super excited
to try it out but it's all true rush
tryouts and I like to go to hotels now
and like try it out
I really think you get a good sense of
like a sex toy for the first time in
like a hotel my one mile turn left onto
South La Cienega Boulevard oh that
scared me I do get a good sense of him
at home too but I'd like trying them out
for the first time like a hotel I think
it like is really sexy I think it like
gives me a heightened sense of the
product and then I'll go home and like
try it out but I yeah they've been
sending me some bankers you guys I am
obsessed with them this is not project
by attitude I just truly love them like
oh my god like I like it sound so weird
to say I'm like a little big thank God
for that clap because it's or that like
collaboration that we do because it just
fits so well like with what I love and
like you know what I mean the only one
that be more perfect to be me and
Domino's hmm one thing but I love that
even like posh market I've done a couple
sponsorships with them and it just it
fits so good because I have a posh mark
that I use daily so I was like awesome
that we know we can do a collaboration
and sponsorship for a video it's very
it's it's nice it's very it's very
satisfying kind of like I feel like when
you're satisfied and you're like work
it's very satisfying to do something
that you stand by you're proud of you're
working with another company that backs
you and then a company that you stand by
and you love and yeah this is boring I'm
sorry mm-hmm
driving so far it's ending an hour so I
need company on
yes anyways went to lunch and then we
went over to do his apartment yeah Carly
Aaron over there and Jonah and Brandon
David and I think that was everybody
that was there we're gonna do something
for David's log and then I just ended up
not happening super kind there for like
45 minutes and Jason was like very tired
Jason oh my god you guys
that man just goes goes goes goes like
in a like just you know what I get why
people just don't complain like your
life is always you complain about having
mr. nails man going to get your hair did
like he get it so like yeah he you know
so he's always he's with his kids but
then you know like today he handle it
get back to work and like film stuff
with David and then you know and he's
such a great boyfriend he spends time
with me and Vincent I was I feel guilty
like you know cuz he's so busy and so
tired he was so tired today and then he
had to go back tonight um she should be
with his kids and to film and to edit
and he's just oh he just does so much
she's he's like
crazy he's an amazing amazing amazing
human being and I just oh like just
seeing him around his kids inside like
that like it just makes me love him I
get literally fall in love but in love
with him like a hundred times more like
not even exaggerating he's just an
amazing human being oh my god
he's amazing I tell me every day oh my
god you know I appreciate you at time in
the everyday I feel it's very important
to say that people and he said thank you
that's thank you it's nice to feel
appreciated and I'm like that's an
understatement I wish I could tell you
more like he's he's like this godsend in
my life
truly I am just he's so sweet to me and
he makes me so happy
but above all that me he's just just an
amazing amazing guy he makes me feel
secure
and he listens to my insecurities
without saying I'm nagging or I'm
harping on something that doesn't happen
he listens to what I'm insecure about
and I love that about him like you know
I cuz I am I can be really insecure or
not and in the ways that maybe you guys
want to think like I want and see it's
not a physical insecurity I mean it can
be but I don't really in a relationship
I don't really think about that too much
for them like the person's obviously
with me you don't I mean like actually I
never think about physicality
insecurities in a relationship it's more
just other things and he listens and he
gives me reassurance and it's helped me
but it's really helped me just so much
just like grow as like a person and like
heal wounds and you know stuff that's
been affected that has an effect on me
for my past
and it's not a job to be that person to
heal me and heal past wounds but it's
what he does it and he is just I don't
know he's just like it's I feel like
trip out when he calls me wake his
girlfriend and like stuff like backs I'm
like he's just like he's just like this
amazing person um he's like this amazing
person that I just don't understand why
he's with me I know I like you're strong
with yourself down you deserve it and I
know I do I know I deserve a good guy
because I have a really I know I have a
good heart like that's not being
conceited like I know I'm a good person
and I have a good heart and like I know
I know I'm a good person is like the
bottom line is like I have a lot of
issues a lot of issues that like I'm
dealing with like internally and like
it's hard for me to deal with and try to
deal with and it's like I have a lot of
inner demons but he's I just like I want
to be like a better person for him
because he's such a good person for me
and I just want to be like this best
version of myself for him you know
anyways I'm gonna go record some
podcasts with my mom if you guys don't
know we have a podcast at patreon.com
slash trisha tarantino um I'm not really
supposed to advertise it here on YouTube
it's not like a rule but hey it's not a
rule it's just I'm trying to keep my
channel and good standing you know what
I mean like both channels um because I
had you know behind the scenes stuff
today
I should probably I took the links out
so if you guys want to know the links I
just gave it to you now for a believe
but if you if you want to follow me on
Instagram and snapchat I promote it more
there I do a lot of the swipe up so or
just no stencil man
I said I just gave you our outsourced
guarantee now it's on order says Trisha
tarantino so I'm doing the podcast it's
$1 on my patreon it's an adult it's 18
plus I was thinking this too like I'm
just gonna talk about whatever thinking
about maybe doing like a all-ages
patreon or just people you know people
that don't necessarily want the mature
content which I usually go you know it's
it's something so different for me
it's so different than my youtube like
persona and stuff like that so I totally
get it if you know people who just won
like some people I just want I want more
content but like I just I'm not
interested in like 18 plus stuff for the
mature content so I thought about it I
don't know what I would do differently
other than I don't know I don't know you
know I'm already kind of consumed with
my 18 plus patreon I don't know if that
something goes to be interested in like
not only this podcast maybe so what I do
with my mom is all about sex talk let's
talk about sex and all
yeah sorry I'm like all distracted my
hair's coming out my eyelashes are
coming else
else what else what else gets burned
rooms for quick podcast she's making
hamburgers mashed potatoes mac and
cheese which I know sounds so random and
weird and it is but those would be three
favorite things that she cooks and
really excited about it to be honest I
was gonna take her out because I love my
eyes to eat but like I said the
Presidents Day is so a lot of places are
closed I want to go to Benihana so rude
because I was all excited about going
late my mom was really far away from me
like that really far shaking our butt
Benihana there's not one close to me
well I come back and visit you again mom
my mom's so sweet she tweeted something
this morning about thank you to my
daughter for weeks so distracted by this
guy's hair next week
yeah and I kiss oh it's a Honda I'm not
to be mean but like I thought it was
like some boogy boogy car
it's distracting not I'm just saying it
is funny I do I mean sighs I ever got
was just my mouth
oh my mom about loving her body in that
house she she learned it from me as a
mom I learned it from you like loving
myself like my mom never shamed me for
eating snacks
she never shamed me for what I wanted to
wear and I wore crazy stuff all the time
to school and loved her pants and I just
was in a weird fashion when I was a kid
I liked to stand out and my mom never
shamed me for that and so like I learned
it from her so it was nice for her to
say that in my house
oh boy from we're talking about this on
the podcast night this will be actually
a topic about cheating and like how it's
so funny because like I've never cheated
on anyone because when I'm in a
relationship I'm so you guys know
obviously I'm so full on in the
relationship 100% I'm like full throttle
like I'm committed I'm mostly just so in
love with the person and I and I feel
I've never broken up with someone fun
fact I've never broken up with someone
that I was like seriously dating like
obviously if people have called back or
whatever if I've only a few dates that
but once I'm like in a relationship with
someone like I've never broken up with
them again and then it for the long haul
you know ever I probably would break up
like I feel if you're not in love with a
person anymore in software to you or to
them and that's not so it's like part of
life like one day one day Jason wake up
and be like oh I'm not gonna church
anymore you know what I mean who knows I
don't want to put that out there but I'm
saying like you know if that's the case
I would just break up with a person
instead of like
I'm sorry mom but like it's like
cheating I just I just don't get the
concept of cheating like if you're not
in love with someone or you're not
satisfied with your sex life you know
talk to the person about it or or get
out you know at the end of the day like
I feel like if you're honest and upfront
and say like hey I'm not feeling this or
hey I need more or I'm not happy anymore
like you know yeah and so many of our
relationships and there's one in
particular ropers and cheated on me and
like it was like such a blindside and
you know that where someone just been
like I need to do this or I want you
know sorry this is not focused you know
like I'm not satisfied with you or I'm
not chapter 2 your I don't want to be
with you or something like that I would
have felt it would have been easier for
me to like it would have hurt but I
wouldn't hurt way less than like being
shucked like surprised and blindsided
and everyone finding out about it before
you like I literally heard about it from
a snapchat from a drama channel and my
heart just sank into my belly it just
was so it was like I mean you guys saw
the videos obviously like it's just
shocking and and all this videos sorry
my hair looks so crazy it's just my lash
you know all my videos weren't like
hyperventilating it's just such a crazy
it's just like a it's just a shock you
know I don't know I just never just the
concept and in the right there it's one
of my biggest insecurities and I talked
about it today with you know Jason cuz
you know his job requires him to be
around a lot of young girls you know and
our girls in general artists females and
your people damning him and stuff I mean
that's just part that's just YouTube and
that's part of the job and and like he's
always like you know he's always joking
like nobody wants me more like I'm not
good with girls and girls do you know
they D i'ma hit him up and I just I'm
just happy that he's honest with me and
like he shows me stuff too like he's my
mind you know and and I don't think you
should have to do that and I feel now
I'm at the point where I'm like I hate
to put myself so vulnerable out there
but like we're a hundred percent trust
him because he has been so honest with
me like there was one he cut her out of
his video but there was one vlog we did
but think that day we got the tattoo
this was before we were like dating and
I would think that's okay I was texting
other people anyways like texting other
guys or whatever and he's like that's
mine
but now I know you jo-jo he's like no
and then you know you showed me his
phone and sup and he wasn't and diems
like that and it's like
he's just honest and open and like I
said it's just it's the first time like
a hundred percent feels safe and trust
him and just other little instances very
tiny things that he's super respectful
of like if he's doing something and you
know basically I'll do this or something
innit he doesn't think it's if he thinks
it would like offend me he doesn't do it
and it's it's it's so wonderful like I'm
so lucky you guys
it's just all my relationships and
insecurities like I have become because
the trust because people lie to me and
it's just like I just don't oh god you
know I don't know and cheating is like
and he's just he's just so reassuring
which is he's like I would never do that
to you period but also he goes ain't no
Hansie like I was just never I would
never and it just like that's it that's
all you know what I want to waver in is
someone nice and funny yes but someone
who I can just trust you know and it
feels good just feel that and it's it's
very nice of him to be patient with me
and securities because I'm sure a lot of
guys a good sick of it like he I never
gave you a reason to not trust me why
are you throwing all this on me you know
what I mean
for the research but as a girlfriend - I
he's never done anything to question my
trust at all and so it's like I need to
not let past relationships back to the
new relationship and like I said that's
my biggest insecurity so as that's he's
done more than enough to reassure me and
he what he lets you like go through my
phone do whatever you want like you
don't know me but I don't wanna be that
girlfriend ask that one that does that
you don't I mean I don't want to be that
person so I like I said I trust him now
and it's you know I didn't want some 131
GM's whatever you know he's good and
he's just social media to some girls man
you know me I love me my chicks but some
girls be thirsty
haha I see some messages and some girls
are so thirsty and some girls are like
this is what's kinda messed up okay and
I always thought I was like undeserving
I'm gonna relationship because like I've
been on the other on the other foot look
here's the thing
if someone's married like if I if I know
that they're married or whatever or
haven't even have a girlfriend I don't
mess with it I don't my issues have been
someone's like duping me like they live
with a girlfriend and I don't know or
something like that but because me and
him are so public and I'm on isn't you
better like yeah like the fact that some
girls still do you like
Oh put your toy boat under me and I want
to like Instagram people back but anyway
as soon as a boyfriend respect you know
I don't know that's I don't know it's
good I don't know I don't know I know I
didn't know maybe it seems hypocritical
for me to talk and being I was an escort
and stuff like that I don't know I just
uh I think cuz I wasn't that feel - I
feel I know so many men
GES why why did you do this it just oh
my god it's awful if you're gonna hate
hate hate cheaters we posted a picture
day that was really funny he's uh he's
up on those up at lunch mystery man's
penis he was all blown things up at
lunch and he like he's under a jacket
like up to his nose and like it's hot
like cool down like this and then he
like a napkin over his face just because
he was like cold and he was like eating
or whatever like it literally looks like
you're hiding like you're hiding out
like I'm a side chick I'm on your side
chick I like you do a really good job at
make me not feel like once when in
Valentine's Day with me postman here
it's a great
I know he like he thinks that so crazy
when I say that but it's like you don't
know the relation shows up and you all
know I mean I've been put through the
wringer and you don't I guess I don't
realize it till I'm like in a good one
and I'm like and I still like him like
shocked
sometimes I feel I so many people like I
feel like didn't know if it was real and
like I didn't know it was real either
for the longest time that's why I kind
of have a little bit of a meltdown
something is this is Ferb uses he not is
he doesn't is he not feeling how I feel
towards him you know what I mean so it
was great to have that talking that talk
is so uncomfortable I've never had like
a talk like that where I'm like what are
we I feel like I have had that talk and
it's just like them just ignoring it
completely and then me me like okay fine
whatever I just put up with whatever
here a little bit you know what I mean
but he talked and we talked and it was
God it was so great that was like the
best night ever it was a blog it's
called
Full Monty ice cream
it was called the night that changed my
life for some of the stated my whole
life for something that was the most
amazing talk about her I was like like
oh my god this is like what a real
relationship feels like it feels and you
know what I mean I feel I told the comic
I feel like this is the first real
really should be pad I've had people but
my first boyfriend cheated on me all the
time he cheated on me all the time
and
and when I say cheat like yeah he was
cheating on me but if he was like I
lived with him and when he'd go to work
I would see on wire image him with the
New York Rangers game making out with
another check you know I mean I that
wasn't stuff I was putting up with but
him being like no but we're gonna get
married and we're gonna have baby so all
those other girls don't matter I just I
just get some horny for you in about
town and you're not there I don't know
to do it I'm a okay no you're worth
girls I don't you know I don't know I
know it's hard I don't know I I know
there's good people out there you know
how I know I know my brother is a really
good husband and man doesn't she you
know dress stuff for the for this
partner girl and vice versa and then Jay
said you know I know there's good men
out there so they're hard to find
I don't know
but I did and in turn if they're
anything I does makes him feel insecure
I'd hope he would let me know but he's a
really secure person he's not a jealous
person he's really confident and secure
and also I'm like madly in love with him
and don't love him all the time so I'm
sure he knows I tell him every single
day how much I love him and appreciate
him I think that's so important to do
it's affirmations I need you know that
grab your competition thank you guys I'm
you and me are connector it on orality
conversation but thanks guys for all the
support I mean
I've gotten you know it's it's crazy cuz
like it's new audience
jaison's audience and David's audience
is so different than mine so if you guys
are new from them thank you guys even
when I'm out in public a lot of times
you guys will come up and know me from
like David's vlogs or Jason's vaults or
something and it's such a different
audience and so like thank you guys for
if you're here and watching this and
you're not an original Trisha Keshe
thank you and if you are an original
Trisha she thank you guys for all the
love you guys have been amazing so nice
saying how happy how happy you are
and you guys have a lot of projects
coming up like three and I was talking
out this I talked about this in the
Christine open ^ manifestation I talked
around snapchat a little bit - like the
stuff I have manifested has been so
insane and like just now that I'm
focused on like love and positivity and
happiness and that's it and nothing else
like crazy things just start humming one
after the other after the other after
the other you know I mean there's just
so much
so much happening and it's so crazy and
I can't wait to announce what officially
announced everything because it's like
insane stuff like stuff that I have had
no other youtuber is doing and I feel
really special because you guys know me
I need to be like smells like at all
times
all seriousness my battery is dying
twice time to make it to my mom says my
battery's dying I need to bring up a
backup at all times I will see you guys
she got good for me
she's such a single girl over here look
at my mom with a glass of wine oh I was
like why would catch me the peeler look
how cute she looks she's like doing her
little Poshmark in her little sweater
you got it all Poshmark you mean yeah oh
my god you're so funny and I got those
other one though you bought these that
flash marry my mom uses Hochman oh my
gosh
actually that's like you know it's a
button-up rosette so cute she's this is
all posh more stuff she's selling you
guys check it out this is not sponsored
by Poshmark but we do sell on there
Trish P 188 orcish P 88
check it out wow those potatoes look so
bomb the burger looks so bomb well
you're gonna try this out this is from
Vaughn's
we're watching lifetime I was finally
got cable thanks mama thanks for the
dinner I love you
