here is what is going on I am on my way
to the wifey's is it plural house Gigi
and I'm so excited and I love everyone
there over time I go over there it's
like literally a party house like
literally a big party but like a cool
party it's like the exclusive party that
like in by only party because it's not
like crazy craziness um I'm gonna just
hang out um I think Gigi's already
filming a video she was I think do
everything is giving video shape before
during after so I think we'd probably
make it there either right when she's
filming or after but I am super sad
because I actually she motivated me cuz
I was gonna just like be really lazy
today and just like so I'm gonna do
nothing just because I am gonna be going
away for the weekend so I was like I
thought it was why there's not
so many levels one thing is when I'm in
mind not these new Gucci classes this
one's very good she's king one doesn't
matter mine is just really awesome like
this morning I start my day off with a
really awkward a phone sex conversation
I'd write a little bit of a mood song
that I just found today - I'm your
senior probably one's gonna turn out at
y'all before Thanksgiving you before I
leave because we're music videos come
out this Wednesday which I think I'll
practice seeing this Wednesday or late
Tuesday night everybody will come out
not till Friday which actually works out
better because it's Black Friday it's
the start of technically vlog - like I
don't know if people know this but like
let's take my video a video out a first
car technically vlogmas should start on
the day after Thanksgiving just in terms
of the reason why people do vlogmas you
know just Adsense and everything goes up
but I mean people do go agamous
obviously for you guys I mean right I
mean I can't commit to that because
first of all I try to pump out as many
videos as I can't all year long I just I
like making videos I like keeping guys
in the loop and in the know but a lot of
people do it because Adsense tends to go
up who knows what this year will be just
because
just because absence has been just
unmask this whole year like 2015 was
definitely ad pocalypse was definitely
like the death of YouTube I mean YouTube
still gonna be popping with music
artists and you know talk show clips and
also like that in SNL clips people love
YouTube it's a great tool I love YouTube
it's still a great tool whether you can
monetize and make money or not that's to
be determined um I suppose she has a
small creator I don't it would really
break my heart if this happened to me
when I was first starting up because I
truly did love you too but I still love
YouTube but like but passion was there
but it was kind of extra ones that you
got like the warded too and you can kind
of like make it a job and kind of like
focus your time on being creative but
also getting rewarded for being creative
you know a lot of people are creative
people I know
oh probably 90% people in my life are
creative people who just do it because
they love it and their hopes turn it one
day into a career and make money off of
it but they just truly don't at the
moment and they just truly love it which
i think is really cool so it's cool that
YouTube was a platform that you could
but we'll see how Adsense turns out this
year or belong with us into somewhere
but anyways oh that is I got an email
from my network I kinda sent out an
email it's like encourage you to do blog
miss just because you know it is a thing
that like it's like CPM can go up and
stuff like that people are watching more
advertisers during the holidays cuz it
goes really really low than in January
it's like a thing this is all like I
don't know if there's like a science
behind it I guess there is ever doing
you know for 11 years I feel like
December's are it's a good month but I
guess in mind just whatever it's
somethin I think anymore for me to get
monetized but I do have $2,000 pair of
Gucci glasses which
Branson's really goes down I can just
fuck these on Poshmark these are really
really cute i love i dig umm yeah
awkward phone sax I'm gonna go film that
story time for guys now I'm just
listening to Eminem I'm up to test them
and I'm lately he's on SNL this past
weekend
I mean what hi these are so cute um very
dirty I had me one of these uh I might
have one in the vibrant life this past
weekend although this lip topper is to
die for I'm so obsessed who's that I'm a
big part of you it's me and I just lost
that one it's called throws your way and
it's called skinny dip enjoy your really
pretty you asked me for any touch-ups um
I don't even know what I was talking
about
oh honey ways it supposed to start
anyways I don't know why's it all that
because my music is coming off right I
wasn't planning on it I was gonna come
on Wednesday
like way too much wood I think uh anyway
that's what's happening I'm on my way to
the Geddes house GG's getting out her
initial B GGG that's so great nothing
else do and I was like you know what
trash get showered get your makeup on
fill in the video of your own left on
yourself and don't have fun go have fun
with some fun peeps I can't wait
also if you want to see the phone sex
storytime it's gonna be up on my page
front in next week so if you're going
now you'll see the videos I posted this
week because I already had a video with
a champ if you if you were like I really
want to see that phones that's one I
will come next week but it'll come
before December 1st so definitely check
that out and a bunch of new photos and
stuff and all the different years Oh
secret video link will be below we're
filming a video for GG's Channel hey
guys hang out turned into a cloud sighs
your dress do you like it like turn
around her body's so pretty I know your
body's crazy that ass that's like not
normal
is it today like oh my god what is that
I pick it up for you
so everyone who says me and Gigi have
changed we haven't we just you know our
more fabulous than before and more
fabulous than everybody yeah you grow
like every single day you know so like a
couple years time like it will change
you and if you're not teaching you're
not evolving with just like Pokemon yeah
pok√©mon evolves and that's just not
money it's just not really it's recorded
yeah even though you just poked my new
boobs
is gonna be someone I want to eat for
the record Gigi's ass is not fake I'm
sorry no it's not thing I really want to
thank ass though you made me want one
yeah come with me get a two-for-one put
the light bow like so confusing
yeah well you said you had a fat stomach
that's not worth the surgery I wish I
could put someone else's got inside to
go you know you'll die no no you can get
from my pad on my arms on my back maybe
you can't you'll it'll die no I think
you're on the same people at the same
time what you have to be sibling stop no
or maybe things were blind yeah we're
related I give you my super but I would
give you my liver for a button one not
both not both of my livers okay guys so
I just left
Gigi's I'm going to dinner now it looks
like I'm in an uber but I'm not I'm with
another friend of mine not my secret
from but another secret friend I did you
see I have so many secret friends um and
we're going to dinner with my secret
friends family which is really odd
because we're looking at that I don't
know why I'm invited to this dinner but
here I am and um yeah I just wanted to
tell you guys I did not drive home drunk
or even tipsy cuz buzzed driving is
drunk driving this with the Billboard
say so I got a ride home and how am I
getting a meal so this is working out
and I turned the the music off for
copyright and this person works in like
social media so he gets in so or she we
don't I don't discriminate against my
secret friends oh look that guy is
jamming yeah so now we're up um I am so
so sad I can't really have there
I said I'm gonna getting chilled a
little bit
nothing SEC oh I should just break up I
don't it second I'm being sick please I
have four necklaces on I left the house
and I only have three and even talk
about it my eating show that I'm posting
that I filmed today I had honors hug you
up this fertility beam of us the only
positive thing is I'm hoping maybe you
don't like friendship bracelets are
those bracelets I should just like when
they fell off your wish came true like
those wish bracelets I'm hoping and
praying that maybe I'll be fertile once
it though
I'm like really Sal I cried about this
when I got home I said you goodnight and
then I was literally looking at this
like be thing when I came upstairs screw
backer Oh
specially it told the story about it I'm
honestly I'm just sad I mean not only
was it a particular necklace my friend
picks out agent the holes so weird to
that whole story today and now it's it's
often me it's gone
oh oh oh whoa this is not anybody's back
whoa that was weird as if we're done
looking as a cop
yeah you know you're a little drunk
what's up see I drank quite a bit
tonight okay
I know I'm just kidding you guys dinner
that was so great I know it seems like I
have all these to your friends and like
our people embarrass of you and my head
but you guys some people just don't like
they have Joe do a good job
need to be put all their business out
there
the video editor producer girl that I'm
at she's so sweet
those helping us with Gigi's video she's
sending me some actually pups I can
upload a video because we really collab
which I
like honestly you're just and hang out
in them what you do is so clearly right
over there and sure you wouldn't be
moving about I have my plan a lot so I
have my flannel on and like minimal
make-up right because it was kind of
like well not quite a bit what last
minute GG like I said this comes on a
video or like comment instead come to
text anything to matter second is a
comment texting me like mind your video
so funny bowl and I'm shaking you know
what are you gonna do let's hang out we
miss you and thank God I did cause she's
like traveling a lot
she's always Charlotte so she's one of
those people like Shane like in just
people who are busy I take advantage
someone like me and then just a beauty
video I don't think I'm really I super
honored like you my friends and stuff I
thought like Kiki and change machine
asked me used to you with him to and I
was like yeah don't come anymore just
seems like not really a thing also that
you can get really busy is fronted
pretty schedules and everything and like
thank you so it was just so natural and
fun and I just remind me like the old
days with me and her where we just be
completely dumbest unit each other and I
really needed that today and then
tonight with my friend oh my god
- there was like it honestly was magical
like his family he's like hey do you
want dinner of me my family and my goal
is not we're like we're not dating we
don't really even yeah I think this guy
particularly I love him so much had so
much fun we haven't we just don't hang
out there often he's super busy too and
it's just like one of those things right
um I'm so happy we did it was so magical
like his family was the first family
besides my own go out to even more
accepting them I don't really because my
own family I've had all right struggles
and she's but a person again I known
them longer but you were so sweet and
kind and just like restore my faith like
this and they're not cheating we've
never dated never even kissed or hooked
up who's me um and he's younger than me
and he has a great job awesome I love
him he's so sweet so cute tall and
handsome like and gentlemanlike also
have a nice life
it's gonna be them this like I honestly
felt with his mom his brother like what
happens meet her and just like just talk
to me I was a human which I know you
know I know I can play online but not
that bad but it's so weird being around
people who genuinely were just like so
accepting and loving and like you you
see I was the guest and didn't look a
you know I'm not dealing I kind wasn't
the tag along and I was ok everyone to
my jaw nose and whatever and like I was
the one to take along right and you go
and like listen you know they have
there's many times I don't wanted like
you know wasn't their stories and but
they wanted to get to know me then and a
half do and you know it was just such a
good conversation I love them I texted
him I tweeted to you tonight I was like
what an amazing night they were just so
kind and accepting and loving and
open-minded and I was like wow there and
I every boyfriend when we call boyfriend
or better matter friends family like
families don't like me because one of
what they see on the in that way you
know how I am a person you know I feel
like I'm very sweet and nice in person
um I don't get introduced to families
very often that gives me complex so it
was so nice it's like it was one bit I
felt in fact I felt I felt so much love
like I I wanted to just like love I've
never loved so hard I it was like oh
wait why did this guy know because this
bill is amazing it's like crazy I can
bomb them with someone's family it's not
your own that was so weird
I love dad and I'm not even like drunk
households it see when they came I got
try so work with Laura a little tipsy
but definitely got some work throughout
dinner and he watched my blog so he's
the stand
I my blogs and um different guy than
that I've been spending time with I went
in the sand like a minute
I just pull that much that's not going
to do that much your sentence anyway so
I was bugging me but though I'm going to
change my shirt because I'm finisher
tonight I have to add it I'm gonna move
bottom high achievers tonight - I
started another vlog I'm gonna finish up
tomorrow early in - like that which is
right I love with you I love what I do
bet you it's true since I was crying for
some with when I thought I was texting
him like just he's sleeping cuz it's
late but actually no I found it
praise Jesus what about a long summer
kiss you smell it
