let's find the most unflattering angle
for me let me do the hi yeah that looks
so much better
I've got something complex on the shirt
time the infamous if you watch this I
die so crazy oh by the way oh yeah good
if I'm found dead one day I'm murdered
for suspect number one is no cool gear
I'll go watch her ask Nicole she didn't
even get asked oh who would you fuck
marry kill between blah blah blah blah
she like literally just picked my name
out of the thin air to be like I would
kill she paid us
I'm like okay when I waited fuck marry
tell Gigi I think we said like
unsubscribe or like not talk to or
something like that little intense
I like to for a shout-out in my monthly
favorites like I won't forget all of
this blah like I unsubscribe unbowed
that was just like hard she was like
damn even if I like say like if I say
anything like negative it's like a group
that's like a generalization I'm not
like I want to fucking kill this bitch
like what the fuck she scares me so if
I'm dead go to her Channel go find her
and my sister unfollowed her some things
from my back sissy I liked her too and
it makes me actually really upset when
like people say that because you yeah
you feel like you know my sister because
she does YouTube's all the time but you
actually don't that's not who she is
it's just what she does know that
actually that actually didn't make me
kind of sad because um yeah I don't get
sad about a lot of things I don't know
what it was I was like I'm the foodcourt
I'm like I just gotta watch this
everyone's treating me so I was like I'm
just gonna watch and see the part of the
night like watch it and I feel really
sound like my whole demeanor was like I
know and she was like we were in a store
and she's like I don't know why she said
that
oh yeah that's true that was like a
little later I don't know I feel like
YouTube can be a very high schoolish
sometimes it's like but like did you
really have to go out of your way to say
that
yeah because not like it was like
proposition to her like oh three
youtubers it was just like literally she
just picked the ones that she would want
to kiss marry kill it was like weird and
and like not even like nicer like
straight-up like bitch hash said I don't
know you know how you make funny and say
I don't know not that it's like ever
funny to say that you want to kill
someone but a little harsh but okay
whatevs
next topic moving on
seriously though don't kill anyone I
don't see why I can't anyone is super
nice you guys the only thing right here
you could say like oh my god I want to
kill like infer - wait here and she
might feel sad and she might feel
threatened it's scary how people
actually threatened to kill me before
it's not a good feeling but yeah so it's
that beats more on the story just be
nice to everybody
are we close in time is alone arm only
p.m. yeah my sister said thank you so
much for loving me unconditionally
because my sister's always there when
shit hits the fan with me I mean in life
you just gotta pay it forward you know
like go out of your way to do something
nice for someone or just even smile at
someone you know what I guess I can
change someone's whole day but talking
talking badly about someone one you
don't know or even if you do know that
person it's it's putting bad karma out
there for you well I answer like target
someone is like a little like a little I
don't know it is it's like high school
and I guess that's why I get get
sensitive about it cuz like high school
no one ever liked me and it's like oh my
god like I just want to fit it when I
always like the pretty girls and the
cool girls and it's just like sad when
they don't like you but whatevs
it's like I have my sis check out me
even before I can see and I need you I
couldn't imagine saying that awesome one
well I know like there's like people I
really know you don't even know
sometimes like oh like I haven't like
like love to hate this girl but it's
like I would never be like Fogg I want
to kill her and then she's like she's
like my apologies but I'd kill her just
pay doesn't like okay wasn't you like
sorry I love you girl I was like more
like I wanna get you like legit scary
yay
ponded there
