good morning they're essential Park in
my background yeah New York City skyline
of this I'm in New York today I'm super
excited to be here a little vacation a
little work and a lot of Tricia to work
it just kept it um it just kind of
rhymed uh if you watched my main channel
video you probably already saw this
little chandelier here I'm gonna do an
official room tour but I can't figure
out how to open my blinds in my bathroom
it is so weird
so obviously okay I'll show you guys
your stairs gonna call me back in just a
minute but but obviously this opens that
I figured I figured that much out but
what I don't understand is how this one
opens
cuz the book that doesn't work I've
cooked all that all those over there are
just for lighting so I'm hard to have
this opens it's very frustrating because
I would like some light into the bedroom
because I like to lounge
a bit um and there's I don't I don't
need to fall it Hotel guy's wife to
watch that but I just thought I had Sam
in New York yesterday was a travel day
so I didn't really vogue that much um I
mean but I just feel like I'm doing the
exciting stuff here but I just don't
feel like I think that exciting I look
so tired service I'm getting tea um I
feel like I'm not doing anything that
exciting to like fog
oh that's room service what is applewood
smoked bacon I don't think that's like
regular bacon cigrip applewood smoked
bacon okay guess that's gonna work um
yeah well my favorite parts about
traveling is uh getting room service I
love it so much i reminds me of like
when I would travel with my dad my dad
would always let us have a room service
and I know like a luxury like that one
you can have it
but that's ins bread at a move but it
just reminds me so much oh my gosh
brightness it is a little imminent let's
be honest it's like 9 what is it like no
it's like 10:30 I mean I got I actually
he's calling me on Twitter these are
gonna go up like way later just because
of like editing issues and like my
internet and stuff like that it's not
like the quickest here um at least logs
my club really I don't know I haven't
figured it out yet but what was the
point of that that was odd
okay I'm like literally losing my train
of thought here
um but yeah so uh okay so oh I know well
this was like before but I'm I'm not
really doing anything that's like oh my
gosh my boob is like okay I'm not really
doing anything that's like vlog worthy
except for Saturday which will be a good
day but I might just go shopping today I
have to meetings I gotta do and some
friends of mine are actually here in New
York from LA which is so crazy so we're
gonna hang out probably later but
they're like friends that like don't get
the whole YouTube thing I don't even
know if they know like I do the daily I
mean they know I make videos but I don't
think they know exactly what I do so I'm
gonna I'm gonna see them but I can't
vlog that um yeah Saturday should be
should be fun hopefully I can bog
I don't says a thing I don't know
because like my friends are here are
like older so I don't know and you it's
something weird when you YouTube like I
love you too it feels so natural for me
to be like oh hey let me walk my life
but it does make people very
uncomfortable sometimes I know that
crazy as you watch YouTube I do YouTube
or and I watch it as well and it seems
really normal and I have YouTube friends
so when we get together like it's like
hey I'm gonna vote okay but if I just
pull that pull the camera out which is
anyone they're like what are you doing
especially I don't show them I'm just
like talking and like like it's kind of
like oh I watch Wall Street this is a
whole video I'm going to do watch
willful all Street on the blame I
finished it last night whole other story
but it's kind of like when um Matthew
McConaughey is taking Leonardo Capriati
to lunch and like one of the first
scenes and he's just like mmm I don't
know what the heck they do but it's like
so awkward and uncomfortable in the
Arabic it was just like like that's what
happens but anyways I'm excited for it I
guess I'll
I guess I'll eat that might be the most
exciting of the day is Reuters oh I
think that's hung about like the luxury
of I don't know let's just say like this
New York trip
I might not gonna be able to spend
anything there was a month but it's okay
it's vacation I need a vacation
patient education that's that's a Shane
Dawson or front of a tunic exactly so
this is the spread
I don't know about how this all looks em
is one of those people who's just like
so trashy that I only like like Denny's
breakfast and I had breakfast I don't
know I just feel like it's too fancy but
here's this part I got tea juice
scrambled eggs this is the applewood
smoked bacon those are parently up
potatoes and that's toast I'm getting
ready to watch some YouTube I have like
500 YouTube windows up because I like to
watch I should go back and forth
especially with like long videos and
like okay I'll watch like two minutes
and someone's not to go to someone
else's and then go back it's fair and
then if they're like too boring after
five minutes like like click off
somebody's boring but some my videos are
boring I got it so I'm gonna be dining
in my fancy dining room and yeah it's
kind of nice ah ah it's kind of just
relaxed before the craziness cuz I have
two meetings day that are kind of big
actually in they're kind of far apart
from each other some think you should
take a bus in like I just wanted to take
a car across a subway I think they
wanted me to get sick to take a car
one meeting actually has a car come and
pick me up another one doesn't so I'm
scaling book my own car I don't know I
know that's like bad but I'm scared so
anyways I'm gonna go eat before this
gets cold so just finished breakfast and
I was just like on my computer because I
was gonna upload a video and I saw this
little thing does that gift shop and I
want to get to the other shop is that
weird it's not weird I wanna get
something at the Trump gift shop I think
it's really cool also a little update I
don't know if you saw my main Channel
video but I didn't know how is gonna be
able to charge this camera cuz it's kind
of new camera cause it's like a
waterproof one we just bizarre that it's
like waterproof um but I couldn't figure
out how to charge it I realized that the
batteries external because it's
waterproof hello duh so you literally
discharged at your computer with little
USB thing the same way you would import
the photos so if you ever get a JVC quad
proof your girls helping you so I'm just
gonna like watch a couple more YouTube's
and then I gotta go get ready
hey guys so as you could imagine I did
not vlog mmm yeah I suck I sucked at
vlogging today guys I'm just about ready
to go out for dinner I actually did not
a vlog I actually forgot my camera and
what I went to reach for it I was like
okay well that happened but I'm yeah I'm
just gonna go out to dinner I don't know
if I'd be able to show you guys much
because it's a little bit of weld-on
date but it's it's a dear friend and I'm
really excited about
to be attractive but anyways I just
thought I'd let you guys know that new
merch is coming and if it's not out
already by the time you see this it's
coming within like days
um but yeah if you'll want to get some
of this on a shirt or a poster or what
have you there's this and then there's
the unedited version which I'm really
excited about
so yeah I'm so sorry I did it I did curl
my hair if you couldn't tell um tomorrow
should be a way more exciting day um so
yeah we'll see how that goes but uh yeah
we're going to go out to dinner and I
sure guys this amazing view but I mean
how awesome is that like Central Park
like hello New York Barbie um so yeah
he's coming over in about a half hour so
go freshen up okay guys so this Anders
with me hey what's up okay
whoa used to like this but uh everyone
always says that they're like it's just
like it's not like the best camera angle
because it's like a wide fishbowl yeah
yeah smaller window wall oh that's like
they said nuts on the corner okay guys
so today's with Jabbar
we're just get 130 guys long story short
this person I work with out here like
cut our hands made it seem like she was
cutting like an artery or something and
I was late and I missed it I was so sad
plus I felt like I stood him up because
I left my phone at the hotel it was so
bad so basically I was a bail and now
we're just gonna go eat yeah and I've
ran into the same person twice here in
New York which is awesome like really
times where I go off to work on the
train and I come back
with the same person who I left with I
don't know who the person is that's a
weird such a big city that that would
not happen yes a big everyone knows
everybody I know it's like oh hey again
um which I'm really bad at like stop you
know like I don't know when people want
to leave the conference I don't know how
that works so I'm always really awkward
okay drew ever see me and I feel but you
want to see okay bye because I always
feel awkward I feel like I should talk
to them forever
yeah but then maybe they don't want to
talk to me it's just a thing but we're
gonna go eat we're gonna eat do we know
um I have no idea there's like so many
places maybe I should take you like
somewhere like Rio Manhattan and not
touristy yeah yeah let's do it
I mean let's not walk too far like it
crazy so we're gonna do that thanks
Anders are not hating I swear I thought
you were like I have to admit I did get
sad I was like okay it's a clock what
does someone do oh I'm like something
happened like she's not the person to be
like not text or call I know he had
called and texted and I'm not like that
person I could go back and we're gonna
do a double vlog because look at this
desert right now Sanders Bobby this
anyway it's like do you and go first
let's just do at the same time
kids where are you doing
you know mines weird subscribing is all
right here yeah so we got I'm at the
Columbus Circle shots what you see when
you walk in
and I'm kind of in love with it so in
New York so I'm really hungry hopefully
he wants to eat again there's a place
called Porter house in here that looks
really pretty yummy
so hopefully he'll let me take him there
because I owe him he was a card I like
felt so bad about yesterday so anyways
this mall looks pretty bruised you so
excited to go shopping
hey guys the way here swapping right
brands oh are you sure
is it going to be everywhere I go you
still have a little tag for your
earrings yeah is that what's causing it
to go off okay oh yeah so you can just
keep it I don't even know you know that
thank you
we stole this a lot of it basically that
was for big during New York I still a
little it's a lot we're you know wishes
the people up we got some money so I'll
go spin yet and women oh oh yeah baby
guys okay get some pasta by the way
these naked statues and selling them
earlier they're just too much I really
want a picture by one of us they're just
so cute that one has a little penis so
let's go over to go but anyways boys I'm
so Jersey my name is now Teresa so what
year was your gangster was your mafia
name Joe
jewel Joe and Teresa and that's just our
name that you guys only know about
you've knows about exactly work Axanar
that Jersey what am i doing it's like a
mixer of jersey one I
oh I'm Long Island would you picture
right this penis this is awesome
hey guys so we are here at the quarter
house at the Columbus typical shops and
we got so much food
yeah this is not really hungry but I was
starving I'm like can we just like go
get drinks and then I were like all this
food can I was starving but yeah this is
its 2-percent here yeah first time here
I'm gonna see that's the thing about New
York is we don't do the touristy thing
because people like you have it thank
you
we don't do the touristy thing since we
feel like we have all our life to throw
New Yorkers and like I haven't been to
Empire State Building yeah I walked over
the Brooklyn Bridge once but it's like
people would think you live in New York
you do it all the time yeah I guess it's
the same in LA like you know always we
don't go to like Hollywood Boulevard or
anything like that it's just no I made
him do choice you Stephanie have a guy
take a picture of us - so anyways okay
that's it we're gonna guys you're
feeling with you're gonna like tell me -
it feel like that you don't want to
supply I mean this is like bougie but
it's like in a mall so it's like Matt
Matt Boucher but anyways I'm gonna eat
starving with a bikini keyblock check
out the interlock blog the much of this
trip but anyways what you're getting
more food more eating yes
YUM okay guys I'm like humid and sticky
because it's like humid and sticky out
here but we're going to chill
I wanted to go to this and I haven't
been I've been so busy here but yeah
we're going to take another Madison
Avenue which is boozy it's so good why
is that horse there what are those
horses doing they're dragging people we
wire the carriage is it oh it is it's
just a big thing in the city right now
they're the mayor's like trying to get
rid of it because it's beginning humane
like to do this like 24/7 all through
like the winter and he fries and they
drive people around
I mean I kind of want to do it but it
kind of makes me sad no animal we love
we love each other home people I want to
say hey many more but we're in this
habit Sophie yes
we haven't the sky view Russia though we
went my lady gaga's apartment it's just
really cool so it's like really big in
here and I was like oh I feel so fancy
and doesn't smell so many camp smell
this one does not smell thank God
because I was saying I'm like I don't
want to so we're gonna go I have a
business dinner tonight so I'm like I
want to get something bougie and fancy
better than this this is like
anniversary knockoff from VP but
whatever it works it works all right
it's amazing oh it does now we're now
we're going bougie now I'm gonna Chanel
hey guys I just got back from shopping
with Sanders this is the YSL purchase
you guys saw me buy this from bebe this
little number I have on right here and
it has a little hood with it which i
think is super adorable I don't know if
I'd ever wear the hood up but I think
it's like super cute and of course my
accessories I got from bebe but we did
shut out why I'm sorry I'm so tired
rising like exhausted I'm so happy to be
going home tomorrow I'll show you eating
out for - all this is the only thing I
actually bought here in New York this is
the bag I got um it's kind of just like
the classic Wyatt Albay and it's cobalt
blue and I really like it cuz I really
wanted a blue bag I don't have any blue
bag so I thought it was really nice and
why a salah' is a new brand for me um
but I kind of just follow up with it you
know sometimes you just fall in love
with the bag and you like I want it so I
got it
um so I'm going out with a good way a
man tonight I'm super excited so I'm all
gussied up kind of weird going casual
we're just gonna actually go see a movie
um so I'm really excited it's so clear
when I come to New York if the guys I go
out with are always from LA they just
happen to be in New York the same time I
am I mean it's always different isin
like the same guy otherwise I'm a billow
stalkerish um which I mean it's not
about me sorry there's like local Anya
I'm tired guys I'm exhausted it was an
exhausting day love Stander's so much
and yeah they meditate when you beg out
which is new here in New York but
everyone's hustling bustling on times
there's Central Park which is called a
Time Square
it was a nice view it was a nice time
here and so Columbus Circle is what's is
called closed circle shops were okay
they weren't you know anything too
impressive
um but yeah so I'm gonna just go to some
gum and try and do smooth with my hair
my hair this humidity I don't know how
you guys deal with it it is it is bad
but I have a big week coming up back in
LA so trying to mentally prepare for all
that but yeah all right I'll see you
guys soon hey guys that concludes my
trip to New York City I hope you guys
enjoyed these follow me around videos
I'm just showing you guys my little
setup I have an Apple crayon juice
lounge and virgin's the best way to go
it's like the most comfortable seats
ever it was the best flight I've ever
had
there's a view that you cannot see and
yeah Kevin Costner was on our flight and
Ethan Hawke was right in front of him so
that was pretty exciting and yeah I'm
finishing up wolf of wallstreet because
I didn't get to finish it on the way
there and yeah that's it
hi to Rick Moranis and until next time
you're my kitties for my little baby
fishies mwah bye guys
