hi so we're shopping today look Milan
you're in the frame say hi and then
someone's not gonna be on cameras over
there and we are shopping I'm a tall
black today with my Chanel purse and my
black Valentino's and I have black nails
my own room anything you want to add
back there mama mom that looks okay this
one's been annoying today oh yeah I got
a bun on no one likes the bun today but
I was kind of fee on the button um yeah
so okay um so yeah we're gonna meet my
brother and his wife mom this is the
first time you've seen them since the
wedding yes what were you doing what
were you doing in the shot you are in
the shot this video where my mom's car
but my personal you see her home this
little one crashed crashed our party
today no he's no mom crashed so was
supposed to eat me and my sister and mom
my sister's like oh me too okay and then
it's like me to my brother I was like
Doug Marshall ever seen it no you but
you were the crash of the crasher and
then my mom yes she said can I come - I
did always just your girl no no it was
coming oh but originally it was like us
three and then next like Brittany's like
I said if Nick comes I said yeah and
then I know they're cute together
they'll I love that they want to do
everything together and they've been
dating for four years and they still
won't do everything together it's cute
plus I mean obviously we love our
brother hello yeah you know that was
cool and they go right I know yeah we
were gonna cop it a girl but now we're
under them number song yeah next like
the claim so our brothers to pick you
I'm so I want to just get up here story
very very like the only I wanted this
model because it's tough clothes closets
like a bougie mom I really want a pair
of Louboutins today or you want mom
mom cantaloupe Thomson's we have a big
surprise to tell you guys but it's you
me but we can't talk about it yet we
can't tell ya we can't tell the viewers
oh my mom and I are doing it's huge I
use it's a yard
so there's claim-jumper here there's
pauses so my favorite models that's
really far from where we live but look
matching see ya okay so we're gonna go
sorry I'm chewing my gum like a cow
we're just saying how nauseous to think
yes we chew gum for too long it makes
you nauseous you I just don't chop me
that guy I think those ooh so we're
gonna take guys long but just nothin bro
them away if they don't want to be on
camera so it'll see me my mom today so
we're shopping malls or we may mix up
you always wanna know what this is it
guys that Louboutins for our secret
thing that we're doing together secret
so there
maybe I don't know when we can tell if I
can't tell total errors I love it yeah I
was gonna take that and I didn't I
they don't know what for so anyways
we're at the South Coast Plaza met a
couple fishies today they probably think
it's a fashion show blondes
I mean I could be the Kardashian with
the one with her bun up on her head
what's her name Courtney I would do this
my mom just someone out for the day for
me if I is house if you want to see this
go to my main channel mom where can they
find you on YouTube a lot of pics are
you gonna blog now or I don't have a
blogger camera though occasionally
that's why I'm like chewing gum like a
coward what I'm hearing
I just blog with you ten cents every
I got in trouble I told you guys
oh wait let's just do a quick outfitted
a look in the mirror man coming on over
here
there happens in today's right now
little bit mamas I look like Chloe nice
to you today let's film it I want to
show you guys the looper Tom's I got
says actually got these for a show and
they match my dress kind of perfectly my
brother his wife my mom everyone agreed
that these are the best fitting all this
from you all from as you can see at your
seen either like an unboxing Khmer
Louboutin
we got the fastest person with the time
other straight guys go back
this is what they look like
I really like these they have pink and
orange ones with the gold beads but
these were just so different the red
bottom is totally pop and it has a nice
weight here and the patent leather I'm
right here with a cute little bow and if
it is so so cute so that made me baby
when you don't have kids no boyfriend
you spend money on yourself and you moms
like oh that's as much as the sweater
that my brother wanted my brothers like
well keeps you warm on these can keep me
warm
on a lonely night so we got a new member
here to the fam look at that she's
wearing black yes or as you guys like me
to call her Kathy even though that is
not that's her nickname but after
actually if I'm not saying that wrong so
it was like network for back pops
yeah we're just we're just a couple
makeup artists and there's a couple
makeup artists out there do weird block
and she's wearing skirts
yeah we're just we're just all we're
just rusty we're just high fashion today
experiment we're going out on dates
we're going on hot dates a Saturday
there's four girls and two boys sharing
we're going to
yeah two girls for each um yes we are
going to meet a Shane and Joe at a
Mexican restaurant surprised because we
want some nachos and he's like my my
stomach is speaking Spanish yeah I was
like wait what does that mean it's
because on day she's talking about she
is flirting to get what were you guys T
don't worry I was like wait a cake is
just she's on I've seen Kate be like
flirtatious though I know I know I know
she's not your friends that is true I
love it though
here I thought chaos is all sweet and
innocent and I don't want anything I
know I love it no new friends ever
we're like the Mean Girls but like not
yes right and as we get kills we're in
this little little tiny fee and it feels
like a clown car but I want an intricate
fit in here to go in and see how many
yeah cute being a youtuber do you call
yeah yes a very tiny one and Cherie we
have the truck you both put them in the
back
you love it though would fit though for
real
he's so tiny okay he's very um right at
the first details but no keep going
until you see this is really no it's my
tree with validation so we're just about
to get here now and it's on the water
and it's beautiful no I had on my mom
she just doesn't know who look at this
this is gonna be called my secret
girlfriend cuz you can't even see this
is my secret girlfriend her husband
looks so much like the jacket I know
she's that she's losing free Lola just
came out with her new clustered
alligator oh it's totally raw it's vegan
bad thing it's so bad for you oh my god
so bad for you well back when I used to
work at Jenny Craig like when I think I
know this is like actually and by the
way they're like four hundred like I'm
soccer mom I know this is like sexual at
my age what about can I eat that plan
like is that whatever is that like a
free food and I was like I guess it's
not wasn't the guy I eat I don't really
know wait a free little uh question I
know you're into diet if she's totally
gonna make a video but totally she'll
answer
I just um do you eat it and also it's a
part of your morning binge anyway by the
way free lovin I've been watching not
necess Krypton I don't know how you love
you
okay here what's going on timing yes Tom
your bench
you ate okay it cannot be healthy to
have a pitcher of orange juice you 887
oranges Shh well I'm that's a question
true
that's so much sugar and I know it's
natural sugar that's questions she wants
to explain okay
eighty-seven point juice and then you
had 89 bananas like shit that's my I
mean my number one go-to do you shit
okay so that was my question
do you shed also um how much of bad has
come for you and is it a part of your
daily routine and now you're gonna go
tell me and they're gonna walk your dogs
but you can tell you we reply to Shane
Dawson will be the title it'll be a
shame does he need to come lots of you
so we love you though right or now we
don't mind you I don't I like her and I
think everyone deserves equal treatment
what she doesn't think that yeah it is
not about that we getting mints it's
pretty well all right I don't know what
this is the saddest things every
Saturday night right a grocery store
what does free Lola doing this other
nights washes do boyfriends no she's
pretty I'm saying like can you imagine a
guy being with her though she's like
well I kind of feel like a cookie never
mind sorry free lon
no but you know they fuck raw no condom
love her look at your amazes me you know
I don't care I just wait oh by the way
for a while I've never done a drug in my
entire life
yeah what was that I don't drink yeah
that was a little weird I think was a
joke but she didn't get like she's
trying to make a joke lost in
translation
oh and by the way my accent is on point
girl
my Australian she's like why the
caesarian British love you we're just
gonna get some some cake to be even
fatter so what guess we'll find out here
okay then how long can this be your
videos work twenty five minutes long
okay I don't want to say anything
because every comment on Trish's Bhagat
that I need to Trish why would you put
it in the videos and hurt her feelings I
was just talking about this
she wouldn't add it to the video but
hurt her feelings she loves me so much I
love her she's my friend and we're
dating so don't worry about it and don't
be mean to me
I'm really pretty people are watching us
right now so this is really sweet things
he says he allows me oh I do a lot of
sweet things I get into arguments about
her I stick up for her on Facebook she
does I do love him he's actually really
it's just a sense of humor not everybody
gets it so now we're gonna go fuck just
kidding not in the store okay so Shane
turn Blackwater
Blackwater cuz I'm all black and black
mm-hmm last questions after I can talk
here we go just do you free laughs it's
rap it's good what do you think it
tastes like water but the thought of
it's making me nauseous so every time I
take a sip of it my brain why because
way because it looks like soda but it's
like you're drinking flat soda is that
you want soda but it's not so bad but
it's bad for you it's really good for
you how is it good for you I don't know
why I don't really know why but here now
what if I told you that bottle of water
was five dollars does it change your
impression of it it changes oppression
of you no no you love it more why by the
way I wanna make you feel if I told you
that free love lies the morning binge
was like 85 how does she get so much
money to make all those fruits make all
those food foods fruit drinks I mean
it's expensive that's what she does in
her spare time you know it doesn't know
drugs badly he said it no yeah I woke up
at like 7:00 a.m. I drew was watching
and I was like are you watching I had
Shane told scene and drugs and I was
like I'm toots - oh you mean it's like
they're your muse the people you love
like they're mean to me because they
love me so we were mean to the people he
loves
no okay so the black water and you loved
it it was boogy boogy yeah it was I have
no thoughts did you try it you want to
try black water and he's a stick his
dick in a cake cuz it rushes to your
penis the sugar you want yeah I think
Shane sure cuz he has a thing for a cake
I do everyone feel really good do you do
you really think that we would fuck a
cake I was right not here even in the
bathroom I like touching myself with
Kate me too I'm sure
rushes in your penis I talk all the time
but I don't if I get a cake I want to
eat the cake is the thing well you eat a
little bit oh my god you would have like
a double orgasm when we fuck do you want
a first impression
go don't make us much to old room I mean
someone told if this was white and no
one told me anything about I would just
think it was water that's racist
if it was clear yeah it is it's just
natural Wyrick thinking about drinking
water that's boy but how booties that
some where's myself to drink nasty-ass
water it better be clear because I don't
want to like drink something that looks
like what you can trick yourself because
you love Diet Coke but this is that
hopefully that's what I just think it
was a snake oil it's stupid
I think it's bougie it was $5.00 hahaha
what's really dangerous
alright so meantime honey any of your
life okay thank you if you keep buying
the sugar gonna end up on the street
can't wait to Trisha loses offering
money and she's back cooking on the
street you know the laws be great how
could you magic and I up when it's your
house almost people have laptops
I've had wait really they're like
everywhere I'm like wait I'm rich how
did you get a laptop really why do your
conversations homeless people or stop
talking ah that is so mean II was making
fun of you anyone is on YouTube oh my
god Oh to elbow oh my god oh my god we
should start our own I love it but
without me almost as we know you anytime
no strings you bet Shanghai you okay
though I love all of them love o2l guys
I joke around about but I love their
videos I love o2 I watched every single
video named one in America member named
one member um his name's Connor Frankie
I love Connor Frankie is he the gay one
okay tell me 20 Ricky Dillon's gay
because I was said I wanted to suck his
dick in some like he's gay who did you
you just said I want to so how do you
decide who you want to fuck and who you
just want to suck like that Ricky on the
eye
can't fuck a young guy but I could suck
his dick it's just as weird rickey
dillion leave it in the comments would
you let her see always flirts with like
young girl it doesn't make sense that
you yeah maybe it's not less weird to
stop a young guys dick how young is he
like young like a Leo yeah yeah like 18
Oh is he
we can do a song called suck that dick I
mean he won okay cool I wanna suck your
dick so badly so we learned them laugh
and free laugh honestly though like I
kind of agree it's a little bit much
kind of this is kind of disgust this is
kind of America
this is all you guys yeah okay but see
it Chanyeol does have like a nibble of
everything I eat everything
guys I games you see I just hear
something I think it's healthy to like
be able to try little goodies that you
want or also filter prior that's
actually true and look how a machine
looking so skinny and Bob and it's like
it must be working
I know it's all this alligator King I
love this you actually got that though
well you just like Oh take a bite of it
and let us know on camera so that's bad
I don't think it's good looks like a
little Piyush okay here we go
Cheers
there's rambled eggs in it yeah my good
oh I liked it
there's scrambled eggs in I think so
Bravo Bravo
living for the eggs though living for
the raw vegan lifestyle little bit clean
later okay
you
