oh you know I just that cleaning in my
playboy outfit as I do just know trying
to get some stains out of my chair is um
so yeah today I'm filming another video
I love these Playboy bunny outfits even
though you won't be seeing this in
Playboy
uh I mean not that I would ever turn it
down but let's be real playboy is afraid
of the thickness and I have a bruise on
my thighs I don't I could see but I have
like this weird bruise on my thigh and I
don't know where it's from but my boobs
they're always dead but do you guys like
do we like oh come into my crib yes I
don't know I was an obsession with
playboy when I was younger I always
wanted to be in it I was always a
thicker girl so the fact that I wanted
to be in Playboy when I was younger was
kind of weird but I always just thought
they were so beautiful and I always
admired them and I think they were so
cute and I'm like they should have like
a thicker Playboy which is kind of the
theme on today's video so I'm not good
for my main channels I spoil it but just
getting ready film it's a day in the
life Trish you know I already film the
sexpert episode and yeah I'm gonna go
film this one so see how it goes but
yeah just wanna show you guys this I
don't know I thought it was really funny
I was like like on the floor like
scrubbing like resolved and playboy
outfit
alright see how it goes it's hot here by
the weight like the hottest day right
now ever in LA I think that's like a
thing and it's so hot
whoo we got to sweat guys me again Trish
with no friends and by myself um so I
just filmed out what's in my purse video
you guys were featured in it as in the
camera and I was too scared to go
through all this that's all just a lot
of junk I've accumulated in my bags I
didn't watch my purse there's my bag
right there and yeah so now I'm gonna
just chill I have a little little date a
little bit thing happening tonight so
I'm really excited about that I don't
know if I'm gonna talk to you guys um
but I'm hoping to I'm hoping to I think
I got to come back here tonight because
I um I think my my cleaning service is
coming tomorrow
and I got wash my sheets and all that
stuff like that so I think I have to be
back there tonight plus I have stuff to
do around my house because my second
bedroom be looking gray so yeah this is
kind of uneventful but it's not show you
guys there's a lot there's a lot there's
my feet with my red toes
yeah see how are you cough a feet I get
it okay I'm not petite gal so that some
day got it update you Shh yeah I know my
house looks like it's kind of bright
right now but it's really early and um
biggest audience a goodbye to you is
gonna be a good night but I had a really
great day really great day of you know
what I'm saying it's really great and he
looks super cute cool gentleman and
super cute gentleman head hurdle I'm
doing this angle but I just thought I'd
say goodnight to my little fishies and
thank you guys for watching these videos
I talked about you guys only talked
about YouTube and awesome really really
I explained it to him and he's like the
salt actually really really cool he's
into it like if you don't like my
fishies yeah but could have this
tritiated old I'm saying
can he get accepted I love you all so
fucking much he doesn't get this to be
fucking much nobody everything okay so I
want to say hey and um I'm gonna give
Mike is he's from Malibu fishies in just
a minute but I love you guys so much and
um I want to say I want to see Ed Rick
Moranis I'm sorry I have another guy to
my bed but they still
