crazy person here today okay guys I
literally just washed my hair and I'm
like in the middle of drying it yeah my
hair looks so crazy when um it's not
styled because my hair is blonde and
it's bleached and it's damaged by that
which is not so fun because I always
loved girls like weak blonde hair like I
just watched The Girls Next Door when I
was in school
yes I'm young enough to have watched
them when I was in high school maybe
even middle school I was like really
young when I watched them um and I was
like oh they're so pretty and then as I
got older and sour bleaching and I won't
get damaged I'm like well how does their
hair always look so good they're like um
it's always styled and I was like mmm
and now that I get my hair styled I get
it so people this is the this is the
reality of being a bleached blonde it's
what you're going to live with when you
don't have your hair styled so yeah I
get it now so anyways I'm doing another
sort of makeup transformation today we
are doing head shots and not in the
traditional head shop oh let me get
associated situated here because of
having some I promise true so I've been
like really hot I don't know what's
wrong it's like I've been eating better
now I'm getting some akropolis go figure
um
bulging head shots and normally when you
do like acting head shots you want
really like natural like soft like
barely any makeup there but make up and
like just natural hair like straight
hair you know as if I would straighten
it but these are not like traditional
head shots these are more like
promotional shots meaning like stuff
that I'm going to do and if they're
going to advertise it these are the
shots that they want or if they're going
to market it so I don't send them one
which is like my tits out all the time
you don't I mean like it's gonna be like
normal shots like white v-necks like a
black v-neck like blue tank top like
just really simple stuff and like really
simple makeup but glam like I would
never do this makeup in hair for like an
acting headshot if I was like trying to
be an actress again I have some of those
headshots and they're bad because
there's before I started waxing gosh if
I can find out much I'll try and put
them in this video but it was with
Weisner waxing my lip and the the guy
like I don't think he knew he did really
good at photos but I don't think he knew
how to Photoshop and that's my phone I
don't think he knew how to Photoshop or
like alter or make light changes because
it was really really dark and I was
always really really embarrassed by it
but
here was really pretty this part of my
hair was like down to here so I don't
see if I can find those but yeah okay I
finished drying this time because I got
any minute I have a late start to the
morning
s as per usual I'm running late the what
are you gonna do about it no mustache
today sorry for that weird close up
goddamn door no I'm really dating myself
with panic at the disco hey guys here's
my after makeup and it's a little greasy
I'm so sorry I did my headshot shoot it
went really great and then I just filmed
a Legally Blonde in five minutes video
and another video for you guys and I'm
just about to like take a break recharge
my battery and powder my face but I did
not shoot any of it I'm such like the
worst person ever but yeah I'm gonna try
and whip through these videos I'll show
you guys my costume right now I'm
wearing my Legally Blonde bunny costume
so yeah I had it but this is the after
makeup do you like it it would like it
um so this is after and I'm gonna go
channel costume in force expert and I'll
show you guys that hey guys so I still
have not done my face I just took off my
lip so Matt sent me some hard-boiled
eggs and some toasty toast over there um
yeah I'm gonna actually filming a couple
videos today maybe like 3 or 4 more than
I normally do so you do too if I do 2 or
3 if I do so may either do 3 4 or 5
today because I have a very busy week
next week so I'm trying and tomorrow's
gonna be crazy busy I'm doing another
shoot here um and I'm actually hanging
out with my mommy and friend tomorrow so
I am I probably won't be able to film
much um then the next week because I'm
doing something with a man friend so
happening but anyways some we're trying
to do some videos you guys have some
videos to watch and you know when your
hair and makeup are on point you gotta
you know you gotta use it you know I'm
saying so I'm gonna eat I'm like really
hungry and I still gotta get my nails
done for tomorrow the struggle I'm just
kidding it is a lot for me because I do
nothing so yeah yeah I got it
okay so I'ma be almost sexual be I'm a
sexual be wages finished filming sexpert
I had a pilot costume on and I forgot to
film in that but here's my here's my
wings I kept deflating my wings we're
losing the erection so I just filmed an
so uh let's brush up so it's actually
sad though should be out shortly
I am Alejo B and it's all sexy Wow right
um so I'm gonna go try and film two more
videos if I had battery life and then I
gotta get these nails fixed I gotta get
these nails done honestly guys it's been
so crazy I'm supposed to go get a fabric
but my photography said he was gonna go
look for it because I just really don't
anyone have the time but yeah but I just
this is just a dress up vlog just
dressing up today okay guys back in my
sweats we've is out and I am gonna go
get these nails done and I'm praying
that they have appointments so yeah it's
like five o'clock now and I know this is
the time when they're really busy and
usually home like on like a Wednesday at
like 11:00 and like no one's ever in
there so I'm really really hoping
fingers crossed that I get it I really
just need a Polish change so I literally
just got my nails and um my toes in me
hands done like Oh bad lighting no but
that matters so much so worried about
lighting I should be worried about
traffic um last week I just got it all
done so I just come in to polish change
as the shoot I'm doing tomorrow is kind
of like retro like 50s um so we'll see
and guys like I like it's texting me
like it's so Getty I like what I'm in
love with someone I like fall in love
grandmomma really easy so I have fallen
in love with quite a few guys but when I
fall off a hard girl you don't even know
I got ball hard and is this but this is
the guy that I've been with with but
I've been seeing for like literally like
almost two years now like it's crazy
like crazy I think this weird obsession
with him it's like so unhealthy but like
when he texts me the feeling that I get
is literally like giddy like I am so
flipping excited
and I feel like I don't get like that
with a lot of people so when I do it's
like ooh I got it I don't know what it
is we've been through so much shit but
it's like there's like this animal
attraction there but anyways okay we're
getting close to me Alesso see hopefully
I get I'm done I'm blasting this air
like a mother on me right now because
honestly it was like so hot and they're
all my gosh and then they put me
Euan closer to the window to have my
nails dry and I was just like oh I was
like I was like sweating I only let them
dry for like 15 minutes and I never get
polish I usually get gels so it's like
really weird I feel like are they dry
are they still tacky I haven't this is
why I never get my nails and painted
with a nail polish because like I'm
really one-in-a-million patient - I'm
really rough on my nails and like three
I'm just used to having like gel where
they're just dry you can like dig in
your purse after so I'm like being so
careful so I'm like playing that weird
game of like picking up my stuff like
this like oh let me just not touch
anything um but I got my toes matching
this color and I finally was so happy to
get that done by the way Shane posted
this like really creepy Instagram
someone did and I'm gonna look if I can
find it real quick it like was ripped
like terrifying yeah oh this is what it
looked like
it's our faces like my face on his like
head so it's like this is like chin and
his like hairline and stuff and I'm just
like oh yeah it's just but then again
it's mostly my face so what is that
saying that I'm terrifying I suppose but
um yeah I posting so many instagrams
follow me on insta actually paid us
anyways um I'm gonna go home but I am
like so yeah so I aha he said so I think
sometime things
wait a lot everyone's at Comic Con this
weekend all my friends are at Comic Con
everyone's at Comic Con I'm here like
friggin loser this weekend
okay I'll figure out to do by the way I
am also redoing my second bedroom I've
told you about stem to keep back
repeating myself that I'm rude you guys
yet your remember doing my rooms
probably naive idea to get polish it's
going to chip easy but I have to get
them filled anyways probably next week
so it was just changing for the shoot I
don't know I'm Bobby okay guys I'm going
to drive and I'm going to drive safe but
I feel like I want to talk to you should
I set you guys here woo oh I look like
an angel
Trish angel okay I'm going to attempt to
drive and let's see how I get the
seatbelt on why I kept this rolling
because a seatbelt situation look you
have like lobster hands where you can't
like clench down oh my god I only wanted
my shirt by the way I am in pajama pants
for those of you who are questioning
that okay lads drive that was that was a
whole whole event onto itself and we're
moving and removing I feel like you guys
are my children one thing I always
wanted kids and I know this is like not
a reason to have kids obviously um but
like my mom would always like look so
cool driving and I'm gonna look so cool
driving my kids around one day but I
have a two-seater so that's just not
gonna work oh my god I'm actually
embarrassing how shiny look right now I
am like the oiliest face in the whole
world like it's ridiculous like God was
so cruel when he decided to give you a
nice kid kidding kidding there are way
worse things to happen at Birth an oily
skin so don't I feel like I'm always
watching myself now I feel like I'm
always like scared to offend anyone or
like say something wrong I don't know
it's like a weird feeling I don't want
to be like that forever because I like
saying things that are on my mind but I
just feel I can wanna find anyone with
anything I say like oh my god how dare
god bless me or how dare God curse me
with all the skin they're like I'm sure
people are warm with no legs I get it I
get it like there are far worse things
I'm not a complete idiot
like some of you think I am but probably
if you're watching this channel you
don't think I'm a complete idiot hope
you found this channel you're watching
this channel subscribe to the channel
you may be the spy on the vlog probably
actually kind of dig me and get my
personality and depth that I'm not
trying to be offensive but
oh okay oh my gosh okay anyways I will
talk to you guys soon okay little
doodads you are back in the bathroom
with Trish who has missed these get on
reddy's with me when I just talked to
you up a thing here can i he sent me
these I don't know if they're good I
haven't tried them yet I literally have
three unopened bottles have you guys
tried these what do you think are they
worth the hype they contacted me like
hey we want to send you some here
infinity I said I can always use some
hair growth so I don't know if they're
good but let me know I don't know
so we'll try those out um I'm like
lightheaded I want to give our sandwich
and that really random oh my gosh by the
way guys already washed up my nails I'm
kind of not as worried about my nails
although I am being like I don't want to
ruin them further and I got an
unexpected to check in the mail first
world problems had to go to the bank
cash a after I already got pay for the
night I'm like oh man I gotta go you can
cash this chip okay I'm being all right
so I try to get five of these out at one
time clearly that's not
oh and I'm squeezing out all the makeup
remover I'm sure good look at all that
look at all the makeup wipe that just
came off okay and as if my nails weren't
from already watch they're just
completely wrote at this point so the
reason I'm taking off from the makeup
all fancy and nice tonight is because
I've and I keep saying this I feel like
I'm so repetitive because I'm like I
feel like I have you know when you
actually are busy doing something the
day you feel like you have it you guys
don't know anything so let me catch you
up on what's going on even though you've
been with me this whole day that was my
phone but not sure um but yeah so it
feels good to take this makeup off you
guys know I love me Mommy I love my
makeup I love get my makeup done but
I'll tell you what I love even more as
he can makeup off
how do so tomorrow will be another shoot
and then I don't think I have another
one for quite some time which I'm kind
of excited about like I said I'm not a
photo shoot person I was feel really
awkward I get really tired um I was
anything else too about the kind of
person
I am but not a member I'm the kind of a
lazy person I'm not gonna lie but I'm
not like oh well you're you work so hard
and that's true but my work is stuff
that I love so I don't really feel like
it's work it's something I enjoy doing
but I guess on the outside they're like
wow you like you know put in a lot of
words you post like two videos every day
and you know it's like yeah it's like a
work and then of course my books and
other stuff I try and do but it's like
really fun you got so much makeup today
though um yeah - probably the perfect
job you just got to do what you love and
then find someone who'll pay you for it
and I know it sounds so cliche but
people will literally pay someone to do
anything literally you may think your
hobby or what you love to do is like
okay no one's gonna pay me for this like
literally anything you do someone will
pay you for I know this person who paid
for chicken Wranglers for entertainment
I don't know it was something weird for
her daughter's like birthday party we're
gonna get chicken Wranglers like there's
people who make their profession being a
chicken Wrangler it's like what or if
you're like a larper like a live-action
role player which I used to do back in
the day those who would be like yeah but
we can't make this living like dude go
to medieval times I think I need to be a
career counselor because I can find
anyone a job like tell me something you
love in the comments below or on Twitter
and um like I will find you your perfect
job I'm not even kidding like I'm just
really good at that kind of stuff and
like I'll tell you what you like you
know what I mean I'm just pretty good at
that kind of self I think I shoot my own
horn um but like yeah it's just think of
what you like to do and either like
create your own business or create your
own drama there's no are any job out
there or you know find a job that's
already impacted you're perfect for and
then when you go on to your job
interview you guys just sell it be like
yo this is why I'm the best and don't
back down and don't you know be
intimidated I was always so intimidated
when I you know was on the job hunt even
I would apply for jobs like writing
positions I mean granted I had no
qualifications therefore I had to just
write my own books and tell you like
look people want to read what I have to
write
um beside the point but you have to go
in there with confidence you know
because I tell you what I would like get
a little intimidated not gonna lie I
believe oh my gosh like by the way
everyone hates how wasteful I am with
makeup wipes I shouldn't even show this
is kind of why I stopped doing it
honestly guys sometimes I just take off
my makeup with soap but when I scrub my
um face off with soap it gets in my
hairline since I have another shoot
tomorrow which I'm not washing my hair
should I just say I have another shoot
tomorrow guys guess why I have another
shoot tomorrow I don't want it to get in
my hairline what you kind of already did
but so I'm trying to be like extra
cautious but yeah I think this will be
the final one I just like to make sure
all of it comes off I mean I'm kind of
putting it into my hairline right now
but with bonds you gotta be extra action
um and another early call time they're
coming over at 7:00 tomorrow no why so
early oh yeah cuz I made it that early
okay guys
these makeup wipes are nasty I'm gonna
go get rid of those in my bathroom
because this is the guest bathroom and I
don't want des to be creeped out I love
you guys so much I'm gonna take off this
bra pretty soon but I didn't want the
whole goody-goodies flailing out by the
way there was a spammer account when we
for different Witter accounts trying to
share my news or spam my news I don't
know what they were doing with my nudes
something with my news my news um one
those dudes are so old there's two
pictures only two fully nude pictures of
me out there they're the same ones that
this guy did fuck of mine I'm sure like
put out there so I don't even know how I
got out there I don't even care I was
leaking my own fucking image it's not a
big deal but like dude get a life if
you're gonna create four different
accounts like I blacked and report it
four different accounts and this guy was
like relentless like don't get laid you
don't want to brag about seeing girls
tits on the internet they're everywhere
um Maya okay nothing special but they're
everywhere
guys I love you sad I'm so tired I don't
want to be brother money I want to be
myself it was kind of late in the game
to eating favorite sandwich um I don't
we'll see if a media paper Sandra maybe
you guys will see it you know what I'm
gonna have papers and come happy
birthday which with me all right guys
I'm getting ready to add up some videos
I got me a peanut butter a sandwich
right here I got me some black water
right
and I got me in some gluten-free Lucy's
cookies right here and I am so hungry
and I'm about to devour this so I
thought why not bring you guys I'm like
what are we going to edit and upload and
eat and then go to bed it's kind of late
to be eating but I just eat peanut buyer
nardelie I love the intro so notice
they're not right for you but all I had
a day was two pieces of toast
hard-boiled egg and a kind bar some I
have another one half the cookies I'm
not like starving anymore but it's
really play on camera sandwich Anna spot
know know how I feel about these red
nails I will say they're completely to
start at this point because I also
popped is it on this side I don't want
to show you because one of the ones as
you hold a whole something against pie
don't look crazy so I'd rather just do a
profile this um so yeah they're just
Hogan and Stroke him but anyways I told
you guys I would take you come eat up in
Moore's house to me and that's what I'm
doing so I wish you were here to eat
people a sandwich num num num I'm gonna
go there don't like gross anyone I feel
like I'm a really gross eater when I got
to eat a restaurants too I always talked
with my hand over my mouth we were like
I know you're eating it's fine but I
don't I feel like I'm a gross eater
anyways I'm gonna go I love you guys so
much thank you for watching here to Rick
Moranis announces next time here because
he's familiar issues with me and butter
mmm
bye guys
