everyone is afternoon and I am driving
to meet my sister at the mall it's a you
know a weekend day so I'm chillin at
Saturday I haven't know why I was all
secretive as if it was a secret to what
day it was it is a Saturday and I was
just filming a bunch of videos for you
guys so I II was no I felt like two or
three videos in a day um and it always
kind of worked out great because I post
every day so I film okay once or twice a
week and I do two or three videos a day
plus the follow me around videos well
now that I do follow me around on my
second channel oh my god this is my
second channel duh oh my god now that I
do follow me around on this channel oh
my god I'm so stupid sometimes um you
know I don't have these kind of videos
to post on my main channel and like to
post daily am I trying post daily on
both my electricals date me on my main
channel so it's kind of like I don't
really have like I can't use these it's
like a filler video if I don't have a
main Channel video so it's been a little
more pressure on me to think of ideas
and to film every day and nothing I you
know to be honest and thinking like hey
I maybe I don't have to post every day
on here maybe I'll doing every other day
thing like one day here one day they are
sort of thing um you know I didn't know
I don't know I'm still kind of figuring
it out I don't know what I was to be
starting a second channel um but you
know I like having two separate sort of
feels like there's the personal Trish
and then there's like the professional
I'm listed down at hunky church even
though my main channel videos are
nowhere near professional
so it's only a couple of those anyways
they have bungee fell maybe three videos
tops in a day and but it's bad because I
haven't posted in a couple days now on
my main channel so I need to like edit
and it takes a long time for me to
finalize a product and upload I mean
it's it's my computer's very slow I need
to get a new one or one with more hard
driving then not only that but my
internet slow and there's really nothing
I can do about that there really isn't
it's just my location I'm a just bad
reception and that's service but that's
okay it's fine we make it work but I
just sometimes I feel a little stressed
that I don't I'm not putting out my best
effort into a videos like the ones I did
today I love them I just felt like a
rush Tom and I feel like I don't know I
rushed my makeup in my hair and I did
love the way I looked in on I was like
Oh Trish like you just need to get it
together so I don't know I'm just trying
to figure out what I'm trying to do I'm
like really hungry it is like oh my god
it's like 2:30 oh my god and then I was
having trouble exporting my footage I'd
lost a bunch of footage that I filmed
which was also bad a refill nap and
I don't know today start off very very
weird but I'm trying to run some errands
I want to get my eyelashes done and
needs get my license plate put on and
then I want to look at a new bed for my
bedroom because I've literally been
sleeping on the same mattress for eight
years it is so comfortable I just feel
like it's time to get a new mattress I
don't know maybe that's not a long time
is a long time for me to be on a
mattress and I want a new one because I
love my bed and I love to sleep so I'm
going to try and do that today but yeah
we'll see I'm not just running errands
like I said I was just filming this
morning and I don't know it's all
brushed I'll put them out but the videos
out live as long as I like the way they
turned out but I just wanna focus more
on doing like really good videos that I
really really like do you think that's
better or do you guys like the quality
over quantity I don't know I don't I
don't know because there's a lot of
videos that I have planned in my mind
but I need someone helping me film um
which I can get help that's not a
problem I just like a plan I'm in like a
day to do like two that I need help with
so I don't know if I should focus on
those but I'm just too concerned with
putting a video out every day because I
don't want you guys to feel like I don't
care and then I'm like slacking I don't
know anyways I just listened to
Unchained Melody by Elvis Presley on all
this serious radio and I just about damn
near cried it's why I have my sunglasses
on because all you guys like my eye
lashes I like coming off and there's
like so underneath my eyes because I was
like literally about to pull my dad's
and my like wait there's a connection
between me my dad with that song and I
don't know and just Elvis's voice is
amazing by the way these glasses are the
lightest glasses ever don't tell me
they're ugly because they're so freakin
light on my face that I don't even care
if they're ugly
I saw them and I wanted them because
they were so freaking light on my face
and that's my icon okay let's see how
good I am in the mall where they filmed
a Desperate Housewives episode in season
one or no this season one the one where
Gabriela becomes like a spokesperson
they filmed it right there just FYI my
sister's a baby for a panini's and then
picking up some heels but I said I'm
talking about at a favorites so I'm so
tired bye guys I don't know what it is I
mean Jesus really low you're not doing
the greatest so here get some lashes
into lotion GMOs because where I can the
eyelash stock up on eyelashes my sister
second table eyelash and Namie's the
baby emporium in the film best-kept
secret is still exhausted but we stopped
to get a little cupcake treat with my Z
and she want me this Victoria's Secret
and it's not really really good
there's have some soaps from Bath and
Body Works the guy hates me because he
has to take a survey and I didn't hear
him and was just like join a survey like
hell no and then it's like right behind
me was like oops
so anyways we're just having a little
cup of tea
hey guys so it's uh get to be the end of
the night it is what time is it
it is 749 I know it always looks really
early cuz it still looks live out I know
you guys are like you're going to bed
really early when I do go to bed early I
got about eight thirty nine o'clock
usually if I'm not hanging out with
anyone and then I just know myself I
just go to bed early it's just if I do
mostly out of boredom
um but I go to bed early in general
anyways um I I sorry this vlog was not
that interesting Jay is planning on
doing a lot more I ran out of energy
really quick I met a quite a few of you
at the mall today which is really cool
it really makes me excited when I meet
you guys at the mall and um I just
wanted to address real quick so I
haven't had a main Channel video in two
days because I checked I deleted two
videos kind of quick I upload them
overnight since my Internet's really
slow so sometimes I just go live before
I wake up and um my I did one called
fuck PETA and that one when I woke up I
had like 8,000 views and I was only out
for like an hour at that time and it had
a lot of a lot of hate and um this how I
know I'm kind of changing this me sound
kind of weird to you guys but um I
always like to piss people off on
YouTube because I was never really liked
on YouTube or popular on YouTube so I
thought why not just piss everyone off
like nobody cares about me anyways
nobody really knows me I'm just gonna
piss everybody off it was like my form
of entertainment it was kind of like
sick and I was still doing videos like
that cuz I do like to get a rise out of
people I'm I like to be controversial
but then I realize I don't like to be
controversial like that anymore
wherein since I don't like you guys to
believe that I'm like a dumb ass you
know you know no mainly I like to do
things that are funny that could be
construed as controversial and I do say
offensive things so all my trolling
videos were always like things that I
might have said that I offended someone
I just take it to the umpteenth power I
will say I don't like animals I don't um
I don't you know I I don't hate animals
though either I don't think they all
should die I eat animals you know that's
I feel like it's a very natural thing
but you know I don't you know the whole
thing was I bought stingray glasses
people got mad that they were real
stingray and I thought it was like so
silly
my daughter's gonna piss these people
off and be like fuck stingrays they
killed fuckin Steve Irwin and people got
really offended and even though I didn't
think it was like oh I don't know I
didn't actually watch it cuz that video
was actually from like months ago where
I didn't want to post it but I hadn't
posted as hi guys earlier I didn't
really have new videos ready to go so I
said okay put a post this one like
whatever not really thinking much of it
I didn't rewatch it and it got a lot of
hate and people really cuz he hears
things what I know I would rather have
you guys love me then hate me and at
this point in the game for YouTube for
me there's a lot of yogoro gentlemen
like me and I kind of I'm feeling that
now where they're like Trish you know a
lot of you wrote heartfelt stuff not the
nasty ones about heartfelt stuff like
tweets that were like Trisha I like you
but your latest video made me really sad
and I just felt like you're not the
person I thought you were and it's like
because I think there's a lot of hatred
that came out of that video and through
me and I think it didn't mean to be it
was just trolling you know and I don't
know and I actually deleted a few other
videos that I was gonna post that had
kind of controversial titles and
subjects and while I don't mind talking
about controversial things I don't want
to ever say anything that I don't truly
mean that I wouldn't stand behind and
some of the stuff in that video like I
said I didn't watch it but some of the
stuff you guys said I said I don't stand
behind you know what I mean I I don't
believe in being curled animals just for
the sake of being curled animals and I
don't know if I said that in the video I
might have I don't know I don't believe
in that at all um I don't like animals
and not animal lover but I don't believe
that you know just go kill them and um I
was getting a lot of just nasty threats
and you know it just it wasn't something
I was happy with anymore which is a good
thing because it's like em of all being
a little bit you know and like I said I
still want to make funny videos that
could be considered controversial and
stuff like that but I shouldn't even
like making videos that I just that make
people happy you know I I realized that
I make people happy now and I want to
continue to do that and not make anyone
upset or hate me
because I care what you guys think I
actually do and I think like I said when
I used to make trolling videos I didn't
really care what anyone thought of me
good or bad and I kind of liked being
notorious like dumbass villain any of
that everyone hate it but I kind of
don't want to be that anymore
you know I want to just be me because
you guys actually like me for me and
that's really a cool feeling because in
school you know I had to say crazy
things and be a ditz to get attention of
any kind because people didn't like me
just for me I wasn't enough and the
thing that I kind of have found over
YouTube is that I am enough for you guys
just kind of like being me and talking
about my life and my stories that I have
to share and just think that I find
funny and and just advice and talking
and that means so much to me and I want
to continue to do that I don't want to
ever put anything in jeopardy where you
guys won't want to follow me or talk to
me or support me or watch my videos you
know I want to make you guys happy and I
want you guys to be a part of my life
and like my real life like the real
Trish and I am trying to show more of
her and I think I have these paths this
past year especially I think I have
shown more of the real me and I really
want to do that more so I kind of am
rewriting all my ideas now I'm write
them all on my computer I'm rewriting
all my ideas I want to be positive and I
want to do funny videos and ones that
won't hurt anyone and yeah they may be a
little offensive but like they all come
from like a good place and like it's
supposed to be a funny place you know to
me not ones where I'm like trying to
convince you guys that I really feel you
know ways that I don't you know what I
mean I want to just make everything fun
and like light and I don't know and this
is something I want to do because
honestly it wasn't the amount of hate I
was getting because I've gotten up
before it was the amount of concerned
tweets and letters I got from you guys
that liked me and want to continue to
watch me not unsubscribe I hate this fat
bitch none of that it was more like you
know Josh I just you know I lost a
little respect for you and I don't I
don't want that if it's something that I
believe in or something I want to do
like let's say I was now think it's
pretty cool in AB in a magazine which is
not gonna happen anytime soon outlet let
me pick something realistic let's say
I was naked in a film or something which
I have been naked in a couple films I
don't know where they went to I forgot
one was called I just thought the other
day or my friend told me they saw the
other day and maybe wasn't like I don't
know Netflix or something I can't think
of the name I could I would let you guys
know I played like a hooker oh it might
have been Lola's Love Shack my original
boobs
that another one but the other one I
don't think you know I've been naked and
like stimulated sex and movies before
and um it's not something I would ever
be opposed to again I you know I like my
body I would totally be naked again and
if you guys were just say oh sure I lost
respect food for that that's just me
being me so if you're losing respect for
me being myself then that's on you but
if you're losing respect for me by
something that I don't even feel or
believe then um then that's the problem
for me that's something I don't want so
I appreciate the concern and I kind of
took a step back for a minute it was
like Trish you guys I'm almost at a
million subscribers and um I on my main
channel and I that's a big deal that I
really appreciate everyone taking the
time to subscribe because they want to
see more of me and I don't want to piss
those people off and um because like I
said it's a big deal to me that people
have that much interest in me that many
people have that much interest in me so
I just don't want to jeopardize that
anymore okay guys I ramble a lot I had a
really fun to have my sister I miss you
tomorrow
we're just I'm just working on my rooms
and stuff right now I'm like redoing
them so pi not too much happening
tomorrow but um you guys are awesome I'm
sorry I don't know I just
this was a really off day not bad they
asked my name as my sister it's not been
like a bad summer but it hasn't been
like a great summer and I'm trying to
figure out how to make it great I'm
going to figure out that out actually I
have a couple emails to respond to
regarding coming to some of your guys's
cities so and do positivity speaking
which is really what I want to do so me
respond to that and see how we can get
this up working but um yeah I just
wanted to say that I dressed that and
thank you guys for watching sorry this
vlog wasn't that entertaining I'm gonna
put it up I just feel like I like to
rant sometimes but um I love you guys a
lot and um I'm gonna I'm going to try
and put out my best foot forward I was I
was
doing some of the videos I did today and
I wasn't like the happiest with them not
really the content I don't know I just
well you didn't put enough effort into
my look for it for you guys but it's you
know even the content I felt like it was
kind of rush I'm sorry I'm gonna try and
work on that too I'm gonna try and get
like a schedule going where I like have
great content ready and not just
throwing shit out there because I don't
want to do that either okay I'm Bobby I
love you guys thank you for watching a
direct Moranis and so let's let me look
at this mm-hmm
bye guys
