I am being your typical la little bimbo
bitch right now like get in my Starbucks
though like getting my Starbucks though
because I am so tired um I do not go to
bed like 3:00 a.m. last night um which
is fine it was fun is having fun and
like I'm just like who cares about sleep
because it doesn't matter but today I'm
doing a shoot and um oh my god
looks cool slow chat today I'm doing a
shoot a Halloween shoot Halloween themed
shoot for my fifth book crazy that I've
written v 5 books at this point right
this book that's coming out in September
which I'm really excited about this is
something again so different whenever I
say I'm a writer cuz I like to tell
people I'm like an author um especially
when I go to the bank they always see my
like you know Amazon you know that's who
pays me as Amazon and they waste my
Amazon stuff and like are you a writer
who's just like publishing like a McGann
publishing or something
so yeah they're like what do you write
like what genre and I'm like everything
yeah like I don't have a genre I've
literally written biography erotic
fiction um self-help and this one's
completely different as well so it's
like I don't have a genre plus I'm
working on a kids book right now so I
don't have a genre I'm just an overall
author cuz that's just what I do and
it's what I've always done I just
literally dabble into everything because
I can't master one thing so I just try
my hand a little bit of everything and
see what what sticks like pasta on a
wall
um so I'm doing a photo shoot for that
today which I'm really excited about
because it's a really extreme look you
guys all kind of like a sneak preview of
it in my transformation vlog when makeup
transformation vlog I posted about a
month ago we tried out a look and we're
going with that looks up with a lot more
extreme and it's gonna be really cool to
be a really sexy shoe and I have a bra
on that's two sizes too small on purpose
because it is a boobalicious shoot I
hopefully I'm like nothing showing it is
a boobalicious shoot and you'll see why
later but
and also to on shoot days or any days
that I'm like filming something I always
want a lot of energy so I get a big
coffee so I like have lots of energy and
I pretty much crash the end of the night
but I want lots of energy and then also
it's like a reward for me because
honestly I haven't had Starbucks and I
don't know like a month maybe in a
really long time and Starbucks Coffee
probably like two months um so it's kind
of like a little treat for me now which
is good you appreciate it a lot more so
like today like date shoot is are fun
for me I know it's kind of like work but
it's not because I love it so much you
get to play dress up and your hair
makeup done it's like literally the
funnest thing
yeah like posing and stuff like it gets
tiring but it's like oh my god am I
really gonna complain about that after
I've worked out like all these like uh
oh do you call it like a peril plate
like a retail off god if you work retail
I totes feel your pain I used to work at
a store called neighborhoodies and a
since closed down at the Hollywood and
Highland shopping center and honestly oh
it retails the worst like they make you
just fold stoop they fold shirts like 10
times just because you're not doing
anything if it's so slow in there they
like find you busy work oh I'll hold
those shirts that you just folded an
hour ago it's like it's a bitch of a job
so I feel your pain my work to target
too which is awful it's like the worst
place to work I worked at Target um and
I uh we caught oh I like didn't call
someone a guest because at Target you
have to call them guests and I didn't
call them guests I called them like a
customer that like it is guessing I got
like I'll mark down and then I finally
lost my job there when the someone
pushed a button electronics and if you
don't respond within like 30 seconds
like you get like a warning I have like
500 morning so I got fired but yeah
that's my story so yeah
boobs rocking it today gonna go get some
Starbucks I'm in the wrong turn lane
shoot I'll state this hot guy here will
let me through
okay I got my Starbucks I got a very
large iced caramel macchiato and I do
not mix it two people there told me I
shouldn't I need to mix it and then
this is YouTube commenters and real life
is like no I like it like that I don't
know why I like it separated and then
when it naturally mixes like yeah then
what that shit up but I don't know I
like a separate I hear what people tell
you how you need to drink something like
oh you're not drinking it the right way
or when they tell you you wear clothes
the wrong way it's like how can you eat
something the wrong way or wear clothes
the wrong way like maybe that's the
right way for them and even if they
don't know they obviously don't care
because they're rocking it and they like
it food especially it's like how can you
eat something the wrong way
so weird so that my Starbucks and oh my
make this like not my Starbucks got a
little treat I have about an hour until
hair-and-makeup calm so I might watch
some eat YouTube videos which is what I
like to do in my mornings we'll actually
I think I missed Michael and Kelly I
usually watch like Michael and Kelly in
the view but they haven't reruns lately
so mmm I don't know I also record dr.
Phil so I might watch reruns of that but
got a couple I got a I got a little time
I showered ins up this morning and I had
to keep my hair dirty he's like don't
wash your hair till the shoot my
hairstylist okay it's gonna be dirty
um I guess we'll see what happened okay
this is part of the transformation Jorge
is doing my eyelashes and people were
asking he hand paints these eyelashes on
my eyes so I was gonna show they just
didn't believe me as always I'm sure one
by one
so we're in the middle of the hair and
makeup that's what's happening over
there mr. Merz getting ready getting
ready you know you love this look one
with those eyes are so intense though
it's like Halloween in July
yeah and spook a spook is cookie so I
got my piece in got it in my total
outfits is isaiah's he cometh
photographers come in we're getting
close to shoot so there is my completed
Elvira look and costume we're getting
ready to shoot on my shoes lounge and so
yeah this is for my fifth book and I'll
be out soon let's get my eyes and ass
makeup by J Monroe and then Pinto over
there did my hair you're in the shop
Pinto say hi hi pizza I'll get I'm gonna
get a Beckler if I shoot you guys but
this is Jorge oh you guys just like the
look amazing you guys love do a close-up
of your eyes so I can really see it mm
Emeritus up and we've out makeup off in
unmatching sweats
life is good I love this part of the day
where I could just chill I'm gonna just
on my couch and veg out first night
watched me some big brother I would
actually want out to eat with my
photographer Isaiah and I didn't vlog me
that because I was higher I still tired
but I feel better that I don't makeup
off and like him relaxed but oh my god
I'm so tired and like I'm not
complaining sigh like Club it but I get
exhaust him this is why I was like a
terrible plus-size model I cuz like
especially when you're plus-size you're
usually either the only plus-size or
you're one of two plus-size models for
any campaign you guys know I'm mostly
modeled like lingerie like fetish
lingerie and sexy stuff for like hustler
all those clothes and pipe dream pop see
and hips and curves I've done ton um and
usually I was the only plus-size model
or like I said one of two so you're
modeling seventeen looks a day but this
was just one and I'm like already
exhausted
um so I don't know I'm not I'm not a
model and he never really wanted to be a
model because one I'm really sure - I'm
really awkward and I always feel like
I'm making really stupid faces which I
probably am because I do the traditional
like mm you know I mean like whatever
people hire me so I guess it must be
working I don't know
um and I'm deli not complaining I just
thinking as I was about to sit down from
this edge seeing you like I have a
really cool job I have a really cool job
like I love writing books obviously and
I love to do the covers for them um it's
cool that that's like a job for me it's
who if I ever would thought like being a
writer would like be like my job like my
way of living is like no I never thought
that was like even a possibility and
it's really cool and I do it without a
publicist or an agent or a manager I
really do everything myself um
some say same shameless self-promotion
but I think I'm pretty good at it
I just I'm really passionate with what I
do and I really believe in everything
that I do and I think that's the biggest
key is like as long as you believe in
what you do like you'll others will
believe in it too so I like my writing I
like what I write about and I believe in
it and you know the sell point is
getting you guys to believe in it too
and so many of you have and I'm like so
blessed that you guys get it because
here's the thing we all have visions
right we all want visions and um the
other day I mentioned in a blog there
was a youtuber who whose visions weren't
being route well received by her
audience I was kind of bashing her a
little bit but at the same time like she
has vision and she's going for it and
yeah people are not really digging this
new vision but that's okay because she's
trying and she had the vision and you
know you don't buy and I totally admire
people who do that they're they try
stuff out if it works it works if it
doesn't they try something else so I
can't knock anyone for that because
honestly I'm one of those people that
just like tries random things sometimes
they work sometimes they don't um well
what else you know I kind of want to
chat with you guys for a minute a quick
minute because I want laundry some big
brother but I love you guys more than I
love big brother um plus actually know
who goes home straight
on Twitter UPS um yeah what else we're
gonna talk about how's the weirdest
thing I don't know I could have been my
phone and I got my phone I don't know
call me someone was calling me I want
you to talk to me and I couldn't even
get to the phone um anyways so yeah I
don't even know I was having a little
dilemma running around my house looking
for my phone um but yeah I don't know I
just want to say like thanks guys I
don't know I've been saying thank you a
lot but I really feel like I've always
been like really grateful if you watched
my videos but like you know my main
channel is getting a close to a million
subscribers this channel has surpassed
100,000 subscribers within less than a
month and I just want to say that's
really cool you guys are really cool
right now I'm saying tomorrow Polaris
coming over some more of my nutrition
but pence SP joy um so I don't know if
Emily vlog it we'll see I kind of just
want to like chill for this weekend
because I'm like redoing my second
bedroom so like literally I've just been
like cleaning that out and I'm also kind
of redoing my actual bedroom at the same
time which is like so dumb don't ever
redo two rooms at once actually I've
redone my entire apartment so don't ever
do it all at once it's overwhelming you
overwhelming so it's probably all I'm
doing this weekend I need to see with
all there you know when you start at
like being like oh I haven't seen my
barons in forever my family forever
and then you've got to make time for
that you have to make time for family
that's like so important so I was
thinking maybe Saturday I don't know
we'll see um I'm trying to make make
time for family and friends Oh both both
are so important honestly guys like last
night my friends and it's it was so fun
it's just so fun and relaxing you get
your mind off stuff honestly I know how
I didn't have friends for long and
that's not even exaggeration thank God I
live with my mom my sister because they
were someone to talk to but for like a
year here I lived well after I broke up
with my ex-boyfriend and I didn't have
any friends at all to talk to it was
really lonely and I didn't realize how
lonely it was until I got friends and
I'm not saying just be friends to anyone
because some people will use you and
suck all the energy out of you and you
don't want those kind of friends because
I've had those friends too and that's
worse than me alone trust me on that um
but you know I hope you all find some
good friends in life and if you have
good friends cherish them um because I
really really really cherish all my
friends in my life the ones that I have
in my life are really awesome and they
include me and stuff
and it's really a cool thing and I know
it's like sounds pathetic semuc 26 and
but I don't know I mean oh my god why do
I get emotional I get really emotional I
talk to you guys for some reason today I
knows a lot of you go through the same
things I go through and like the same
feelings I click through cuz we're all
human um you guys gotta understand
something about me specifically at this
moment emotional person I think in
general um I never was you know include
I never was included and stuff not only
was I not included but no one would go
out of their way to include me in
anything and um you know me last night
it was really cool that they came and
picked me up for dinner and like hung
out with me it was really nice event
because they didn't have to and they
were far away and it was really really
cool and a movie feel really really
special and I don't know like to me I
feel like oh that's so weird and usual
but all of you guys like that's what
friends do and that's what they time I
think this is what friends do and I was
like and I made me realize like I really
never had like true friends which is
kind of sad but at the same time like
you know it's cool like it's ever too
late to have friends and I know that
sounds so pathetic I'm listening to me
talk about this and it sounds like so
pathetic um but it's cool and I'm glad
that I found like genuine people that
care and that I talk to and that make me
feel loved and maybe that was my sister
Oh picture my mom my sisters like kind
of love this pic of mom you see what it
was
Oster mom holding bacon from her
Instagram buddy um yeah I don't know I
have a cool family ever great family I
feel a great friend I really really do I
have so much fun I have so much fun you
guys laughing with people with other
people I like to laugh on me I've had
other people just butter and it's really
cool when y'all can have the same stupid
stuff we watched really stupid things
and laugh and it's like laughs like
hysterically like painfully funny I
don't know um it's cool and then I think
about I have a really cool job and um
everything's very good except for love
life
I'm not saying a lot of Lies went bad in
fact things could be turning around in
my love life very very soon I feel Phil
changing the wind right now um maybe I'm
letting kind of happen you know I'm
going with a guy that makes me happy and
I think that's all it kind of matters
and even though sometimes he makes me
sad like most times makes me happy
does that make sense I don't know the
whole other issue that's like Mao Rama's
happiness thing uh which I need to find
someone like my friends who just make me
happy all the time but let me think
dating is different because you have
that sex thing that complicates
everything I really think I'm gonna
boyfriend where I don't have sex with
them so weird I want to go everywhere to
have sex with them because I feel like
sex complicates things your feelings get
like intensified when you have sex you
know what I mean I don't know it's like
weird but I don't know I really like
this this guy I've been seeing for like
forever there's nothing's been going on
and off but um you know we're on right
now and it's pretty good and I'm taking
it and I don't know it makes me happy
and then I don't really I don't know I
don't really think about it as much
because I'm busy with other things like
writing and um you know YouTube and hang
out my other friends and stuff I don't
know
else I did you see that do we notice
these nails no duck feet no delete I
still have some eyeliner they're not
that a blemish repair that's real
tractor but other than that my skin's
been looking pretty good right guys
mm-hmm yeah um so it's a really cool
show today and this book is gonna be
really different than anything else and
I think you guys are gonna really really
like it I think you are because I really
really love it and it's really awesome
and it was really fun to write and I
loved writing all my books but this was
especially fun because it's so different
and it's the
maduk I like things that are themed if
he couldn't tell in my life I like to do
theme videos on my main channel and I
don't know it was really really fun and
I think you're gonna like it and
everyone gets really into the Halloween
spirit around September and October and
I feel like you guys will really
appreciate this book around it I hope
you too
I don't know it's a niche niche is a
niche or niche it's a niche niche book a
niche book um meaning like it's very
specific to the holiday but it's pretty
popular holiday so I don't know we'll
see how it does honestly guys to end
this is the 100% heartfelt truth I write
books not thinking like I'm gonna sell a
million like I write books cuz I like
I'm like you know I realize teas was an
erotic fiction and most of you guys are
very young so I wasn't thinking like oh
I'm gonna sell a hundred thousand copies
at this like I wasn't thinking that in
my head um and same thing with Kirby and
loving it like I don't think about that
when I write books I read ass if I want
to write about and then I'm like people
take it that's cool and if not that's
cool too so um when I wrote my first
book I really didn't think like more
than five people would buy it if five
people would buy it because it's really
I think I always sucked at sales because
it's really difficult to get people to
spend their hard-earned money on stuff
as it should be I'm an idiot and I was
pretty money on anything you tell me to
you're like spend money less I'm like
yes I will but more the majority of
people they're really picky on what they
spend their money and they're really
selective and I really I feel very
honored that so many of you selected to
spend your hard-earned money on
something I created that's a big deal
to me that's a really big deal to me I
don't think you understand that like
it's I'm like really really really
appreciative of it you know um because I
do put a lot of work and I pull my like
put my poor can I talk poor I'm my heart
and soul into these books I really
really do guys like I am I'm writing
solo dolo you don't I mean like all my
books up to now I've written solo dolo
and I put a lot of energy into it I know
a lot of people may not think that or
see that or think it's like a piece of
crap or whatever but I do and but aside
from that putting in work from it the
fact that you guys are doing you're
getting it to one read about what I'm
writing but also support me like you're
just like Trish I think what you're
doing I'm going to support you that's
for Kim awesome and I swear to goodness
even if there was only five of you that
we're supporting me I would be just as
appreciative
because I know that everyone is as
blessed and as lucky as I to get to do
what I'm doing you know what I mean and
even though I worked really hard I feel
like I've taken a lot of steps to kind
of try and be where I do not that I'm
like where I'm at where I want to end up
where I am now it's all it really is cuz
of you guys right if you don't watch
these videos or read my books or you
don't I mean like yeah I would still be
doing this but I would have to I
couldn't focus on this full-time you
know what I mean well I'm really I just
wanna make you guys happy I don't know
I'm trying to figure out something still
to give back i I've been talking to a
couple universities about coming to
speak and maybe charging a fee but
donating that to a charity like I'm
trying to do something to give back
trying to figure out what would make the
most sense and what would be mom trying
to figure out something I want to give
back I want to get back one to you guys
I'm gonna come see you and hug it and
talk to you all in person like just
because you guys really really really
have just changed my life and then I
want to help you guys change your lives
so we'll help each other and then I want
to maybe kind of help charity by doing
it too I don't really know how it's all
gonna work we're I'm stri to figure out
the details again you guys I'm all alone
on this so yeah I have when I talk about
managers I'm talking about like my
YouTube network um
they help me but it's mostly YouTube
stuff they helped me with so all the
stuff I do outside of YouTube I'm kind
of on my own not on my own I mean they
would help me but I don't know I'm also
kind of stubborn I'm gonna do this on my
own so I'm talking to things trying to
make it happen I'm gonna try and start
within the United States and see if if
it's any kind of success when I'm done
book signings it's been a great success
and I've been very blessed for that so
I'm gonna try to figure that out because
I really want to start doing stuff for
other people because I feel happiest
when I give back I think you know when I
for anything my family I spoil them to
death because believe it or not as much
as I love to shop buy for myself and
give to myself I like to actually give
to other people more I don't know if you
believe that but I really really do like
buy my mom a car
was a huge deal for me because my mom
bought me my first two cars and that was
a huge deal to me
like huge it was I don't know if I can
even explain it but any my family I like
to spoil them and I want to spoil you
guys just as much I can't buy all cars
yet one day I would like to be Oprah and
I would like to give like thirty of you
guys apart it happened one day who knows
I don't know I'm kind of blabbing sorry
I need to watch my brother sorry sorry
not sorry
um but anyways yeah so I did you can see
some pictures from my shoot on the
Instagram at Trisha Paytas um but the
actual book won't be out till September
first and I think I'm gonna actually
keep the cover a secret until then in
the title I don't know you never now
follow me on Twitter sometimes I just
like to do it early cuz I can't wait a
minute a tient okay little babies I'm
gonna watch Big Brother Diaz watch Big
Brother I excited Devin went home cuz by
now you'll know them and went home um I
use idem in one home I don't think it's
gonna be a less interesting with that
Devin Woolsey I watch it let's go see
Emily I'm really rooting for Donnie
really rooting for dhaniya this one I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching I just realize I guess someone
talks to me scandalous expert um think
is for watching me haven't you guys
watched me has anyone made it to the end
of the 16 minute 37 second rant into the
camera I really can talk a lot there's
one talent I have is I could probably
talk for 8 hours straight if you've
watched it this long tell me how much
you appreciate me talking this how much
you enjoy it so I don't feel like such a
loser that I just talked for 16 minutes
so let me know in the comments I don't
want to get out the phone the second
when I talk on the phone but now we're
talking on the phone right now
oh yeah that's cool so how's your cats
in the neighborhood the one yep mmm-hmm
house oh yeah tell me about da tell me
what your mom's vasectomy thank your mom
whatever second I just literally don't
want at home I go
cool yeah so what else is new what else
what else can we talk about tonight when
I found Skyy no okay let's just keep
talking go oh look at the phone I want
to talk to you please please and board I
want to talk to you I'm lonely I won't
talk to you that's me right I don't want
to leave but I'm going to because I feel
like this is going nowhere
isn't going somewhere for me but I don't
think it's going anywhere for you guys I
think when your nails okay I'm gonna go
for it I love here I'm a Rambler
all right ramblas let's keep rambling
hotter at marinas until next time you
look as well I'm all about fishies
ah bye guys
