hey this Halloween I look gross oh I
wasn't gonna belong today but look who's
here how can they see you and where's
your shirts because he made fun of her
when he leaves he makes fun I won't use
a mere that though now they're gonna
know it's true it's all true it was
that's video profiling these two are
like boyfriends because they have been
hanging out so my did they included me
tonight and I felt really special
you're our experiment yeah you're like
the third wheel you're like the third
wheel why is that so we're like we're
like always like this okay Jemaine at
dinner Shane's like oh we had this
chicken thing you like drew and I was
like we are you guys serious and I think
you guys actually were though yeah they
were like we just do because I was like
lonely I was like look just because we
wear the same shirt doesn't mean that
were and they both instagrams together
saying diet coke boys and I'm like what
about how are you fucking having me I
said doesn't my voice when I hold on
today wait this is this is all I did
what no I don't know in a minute let me
put about five things everything oh yeah
there's a weird like
a huge kids and then it was over we also
were so huge I'm so pretty though
I'm so good bye guys no I think you went
here's my
stupid we watch or subscribe that makes
me feel really good you guys literally
watch my posted like an hour before you
picked me up and I'm like how did you
already see that because we're fans
we're fishing sends baby fishies old
that's daddy fish you and I'm baby fish
your movie should have been called post
gay straight not not straight that would
have been perv make your movie was like
watching porn and ready for there's tits
in it have you told that we don't know
we'll cut it and we don't want to oh
it's a hot shoe there is dick tits and
fucking don't see yet I'm excited about
it I was wanting Shane why you didn't
trust me to show my boobs I would have
flown on my own dime to show my boobs in
a film because you guys only have nasty
boobs they all think I'm nasty test but
it's there good now you said no guru
graspers has a message it's I am on air
my name is Jake Rawls going to hell and
then what's your name my name is Shay
why how dare you circumcise him what you
do make anaconda didn't you I don't sure
has an account on there to search my
name though cuz you're probably the one
that said she's a fat piece of shit it's
awful you saying that mean I look at my
history my computer it's in I wanted to
do a vlog because it's Trish's life and
I wanted to vlog alien I don't wanna be
depressing today question when you're no
I'm doing true she's like do you ever
just have moments the summer videos
don't make any sense yeah so you do like
literally this one will just be like
boobs it'll be like um what can you tell
me because you come up with all my
titles okay I would call it what did we
talk about today penis boobs and fucking
love it penises are fucking but I feel
like it should be one where my boo
yeah like this yes yes you're crotchless
are in it no hey you because I jump on
your jingle you're so weird
Tango's it's a game on prices right no
that's clink oh there's the surest stirs
your penis size special things stain for
endorsing it and users are gonna
masturbate while I wear this look at the
stomach down you love it
director and actor casting couch and I
go watch Big Brother and or maybe not
maybe does no yes lobby guys thank you
for watching he doesn't do anything here
ever he ignores me but I love you okay I
love you guys so much higher I do I
ignore you it's a full-time job just to
open those things I actually downloaded
and wait am I know but it kind of turns
me on you or the meme I am willing it
kind of does it's like hard to get out
anyone who's like watching this I can
always edit it what was that
she sent me Chris Crocker's fun oh yeah
whoa oh my god no your penis why are you
sending him all this oh my god more more
da avi there we go
Chris Crocker's butt picture a penis
hanging outside of of a jury now about
her go into her but I today about
thought of here
no fucking I say I have to go to sleep
you say no what police don't so
embarrassing that I came for any of this
in there no we're good we're good with
that dumb what are you doing
find me ignore me whatever a good kisser
though living for the kissing but we
can't sweetie Kenzie groping though it's
wrong we're not drunk most I drank after
you guys left my dad I did drink some
more so don't worry the drunk tax Abby
this is when I sent her the naked
picture of her that I found on the
Internet she said I said is this real
she said lol you my gut though sure in
my apartment surgery just don't like
gross there's better ones to find okay
so you asked me what Bay means I said
Bay's like your girlfriend a boyfriend
you said boo mmm boyfriend only eats
boyfriend always eating you are babe I
am gay you're so so hot love you you're
hot
are you home okay we're done we're good
I am a weird person I am but I like to I
like him though for real he doesn't know
that I do I know you know I don't think
you do though is my his penis okay I'm
gonna go and watch Big Brother and hang
out because I have actual friends here
and I'm not gonna do a depressing vlog
this time like after people leave me
rather than something like at this I
love babies
