hey guys so today I just wanted to do a
quick vlog entry about sex let's talk
about sex Trish um yeah my hair's little
pineapple right now deal with it
um so let's talk about sex beat sex
actually I like to get my feet up good
push me feet on your balls actually did
that to someone um no actually just do a
quick blog entry about sex um I get
asked a lot I can't hide emails and um I
kind of feel bad like I can't respond to
all of them but I get so many of them
and I feel like I'm kind repetitive and
in the sense that I kind of copied and
paste a couple of my paragraph so I
figured I would just do a video since
I'm constantly copy and pasting um I
cannot get used to like a little
ponytail on my head uh they're just not
you angle right now it's not about being
cute so helping you guys okay so well I
can tell seriously I literally look like
whooping Lydia from beetlejuice
okay can this just not gonna find
perfect fine whatever it doesn't matter
myself will get males sorry that
something was bad um I get this a lot a
lot of you are saying you know how do I
know when I'm ready like I have a
boyfriend and he's been super sweet and
I know he's with me for me and I just
don't know if I'm ready to have sex and
what should I do and all this is like
that okay look real talk Trish your big
sister talking to you here um if you
don't know if you're ready to have sex
and you're probably not ready
um and I will see it for this reason
because when I first had sex I wasn't
ready I want to have sex to get it over
with and even though you would think oh
that's or that means you're ready like
you just want to get it done you're not
you should have okay I'll tell you what
guys I've had great sex in my life and I
have had not great sex of my life um and
whoever says all sex is just like pizza
even when it's bad it's good like it's
not when it's bad it's fucking terrible
um but I'll tell you the difference
between the two the biggest difference
between the two is when you're ready and
when you're not sometimes I feel
pressure well um when I was younger this
is mostly when I was younger
sometimes that
feel pressured to have sex with people
because I thought I owed it to them or I
thought you know okay we've been dating
for a while or they bought me dinner at
one point I remember like someone to me
she's a backgrounds like oh my god let's
pot cuz like I owe it to one but I don't
want to UM and I wasn't saying no I
wasn't like they like raped me um and I
loved it that sorry that was like a
weird laugh um you know it just was I
wasn't ready to have sex with that
person and they didn't know if I was
ever really great as I said this would
happen a couple multiple times to me um
so I know the feeling I'm not being
ready and the first time of course I had
sex like I did it cuz I wanted to get it
over with not cuz I was in love and not
you said butterflies I'll tell you what
the feeling of being ready to have sex
is the feeling of being right how sex is
an excitement it is also a comfort where
the sex is the most intimate act you can
have with somebody it is literally the
most intimate even if it's meaningless
sex is still very intimate like there
should definitely a level of trust of
security there's just you are exposing
in more ways than one your entire self
your entire being your entire health
community all that stuff you're exposing
to somebody is the most fucking intimate
thing in the world so you should feel
excited checklist when you're ready for
sex you should feel excited you should
feel comfortable you should feel passion
and you should really really want it you
know really want it with all your being
when I want to have sex with someone
whether it's for the first time or the
thousandth time it's because I really
really want it I really really do you
know and that's this just how I've been
the past you know a couple years in
either relationships or whatever I don't
really do I don't know if you think I'm
like this biggest horror has casual sex
Italian time I'm drunk and I said it
just as ice it slipped the same person
for the past like two years like I'm
pretty I'm pretty monogamous that way
because I've been promiscuous and it's
just it's really not for me believe it
or not I know I'm like this big slut bag
of YouTube but I'm not a promiscuous
person I like to be with one person and
and feel safe with that person because I
get excited to see that person I feel
like for me having multiple partners is
no I mean I'm not excited about one
person you know to be excited yeah I
don't feel like you can be excited about
that many people to have sex with so
that's
I know people sometimes aren't ready
does that sir with multiple people and
I'm like you're not really ready to have
sex I don't know if this is really like
a scientific answer that you're all
looking for but what I tell these girls
is look you're coming to me asking me if
you're ready for sex you're not ready
for a sex bottom line you're not you
know that was only something you can
decide with yourself and know and I said
this before I might in in videos where
I've talked about sex before you know I
would not have sex until you are at
least 18 or legal age I know sometimes
in some countries like 16 or something
at age of consent you know age consent
is there I think for a reason because
you're not emotionally ready to handle
sex I don't care what anyone says when
you're 16 17 you're not you cannot
emotionally ready in fact I would say
don't have sex - you're 21 because I
think until that 21 you don't really
even know who you are you don't know
what you want you don't know what you
don't know if you're ready to have sex
and therefore I don't think you should
be allowed to have sex before 21 . I
feel like you should be beheaded if you
have sex before 21 in this country
because it's just a lot and people get
really caught up into sex sex is you
know you're gonna have emotions attached
even in no strings attached
you have emotions invested in that
person whether they're romantic sexual
friendship whatever it is there's
there's things attached always and you
just gotta remember that and um you know
really make sure you're ready there is
one thing I have a few regrets in life I
do and one of its losing my virginity
and I love sex now but honestly if I
didn't know what I was missing I
probably would have been fine so I would
have just stayed a virgin sex is fucking
great and it's awesome but I kind of
wish I still version not gonna lie I
really would have loved to waited till
marriage and kept my body preserved my
body and you know it's a regret I have
and I really feel like if you can hold
that hold out I know it's like okay you
can't what do they call that I'm not
practicing what I preach but I'm just
saying if I could do it over I would
have waited and I talked to people who
have waited or who are still waiting and
it's a struggle for them it's definitely
hard and then I tell them my horse or is
a sex month okay
not having sex so good with not having
sex but I don't know that's just mine
and I know I'm a very sexual person and
I'm sorry if I'm Pro Chinese access to
be like glamorous whatever but I'm gonna
do my drunk sex vlogs like after sex
like I don't feel like that's a
promotion for a sex I feel like that's
more of a don't have sex you'll feel I'm
doing lonely after sort of thing I know
I have a fucked up sex life but that's
only cause I'm a fucked-up person so I'm
a really bad person for advice on this
but I feel I feel for your girls and um
you know wait wait have sex it's it's
amazing but only when you're ready and
if you feel in your heart that you were
truly ready and you were so excited for
it and you just want it with that person
then do it just do it
um and be safe always wear condoms and
if you don't no glove no love see what I
did there yeah see what I did there
anyways I'm gonna actually just go to
buy now but I wanted to make this blog
and I want to tell you guys I love you
after how I got my nails on but that's
okay photoshoot in Jana so I'm gonna
vlog that but I love you guys so very
much thank you for watching I love you
guys so much thank you for watching
hah - Rick Moranis baby I'm ready for
you I'm so ready for sex with you Rick
Moranis I don't wear dozens like psy my
class some of it guys
