hey guys so I'm filming a video today
I'm filming a little bit of Greece video
so I'm Sofie filming to collab videos
today and they're both coming here I
know one for sure is coming in like
literally minutes so that's good we're
doing grease 2 with him and then another
one of my friends is coming over to do
the first grease with me so that is what
is on today's agenda and I need to get
these nails done because honestly I have
a hat them dad in like a month late more
than a month
um Oh dirty okay um so that is the first
thing first things first first things
first I'm the realest okay I don't know
if like that long but I just heard the
other day and Oh someone just texted me
huh first collab guys come in 12:15
instead of 12 nude okay that's okay that
works um I can talk to you guys more I
was like should I belong today I don't
know I'm not really doing anything again
I'm kind of just sitting here chillin
availment videos is pretty antisocial
most the time but since I'm clapping
today it's going to be uh going to be
more uh more sociable I think I don't
know I don't even want talking about
this point I'm feeling a little just
like all over the place today for many
multiple reasons but we won't get into
that right now so I just got a Mophie
phone case and this is really cool
because I've seen everyone talk about
them but they just look complicated to
me basically it is a self charging phone
case so it's like a battery pack phone
case um that if you turn on this little
such white I cannot talk lately if you
turn on this switch right here when your
phone's like at 10% or less it'll chart
whenever it'll just charge your phone so
this has a hundred percent charge your
phone has 100 percent charge you charge
it together with one Mophie charger that
demo fee comes with and I think it's a
pretty cool idea because my phone is
always running out of battery even if I
think I fully charge it or I don't use
it a lot my phone I have the iPhone 5s
and a lot of people have said that it
just uh it just runs low easy and I did
turn off I don't know you guys were
telling me to turn off something I was
going to give you this advice now this
was like a week ago I tweeted asking
there was something I turned off was in
the notification center they in turn
like notifications off or something I
don't know
oh usage maybe general
hmm and I turned something up I don't
know I don't remember and you guys had
told me I think it's like turn the apps
off when you're not making sure the apps
don't refresh themselves or something it
actually did help quite a bit
and I turned the brightness on my screen
down I know it looks really bright right
now and it is um and I should turn it
down but sometimes I just like to have a
bright screen especially when I'm like
Instagram yeah so the first the first
one is greased to where I'm gonna be
Stephanie's Andoni and I'm really really
excited about this video you guys will
see it like really soon like I always
put up clubs really quick so you'll see
it really really soon but it's it's like
I just like to do you know what it is
now
I usually show you videos that were
popular or alright no no here I started
YouTube off doing stuff I'd loved
meaning I would you quit Tarantino
movies in like five minutes and I would
do scenes from movies and I would just
do random lip-syncing and stuff that I
love then I started doing stuff you guys
asked me to do like beauty tutorials and
stuff but it's like I didn't love it but
I was doing it for you guys so now I'm
kind of in that happy medium where it's
like okay I'm gonna do videos for me but
I'm also gonna do ones that you guys
want luckily unfortunately for me a lot
of you guys are liking the ones that I
like for myself now which is good so I'm
trying to find happy medium but as
always I always do want to know what you
guys like and what you guys think I have
a full time vlog channel that you're
watching right here right now because I
know a lot of you really like blogs so I
mean I've been a whole channel just for
the vlog so I do listen to what you guys
like and what you guys suggest and you
know I'll keep doing something you guys
like if you can't box and says I like to
and then maybe we can all like what each
other like but no the videos the whole
point of that was the videos I'm doing
today I'm really passionate about
because and it's just fun and I get to
dress up in costume and and play and
accent all that fun stuff so we'll see
how that goes wallets glasses keys is
there a pantsless man in my apartment
no just Jason got pants on no wonder
we're though
Oh
that's I love it I got a thought oh are
you backwards now is that the challenge
you're doing neck
oh yeah the front thumb challenge whoo I
love it like a banana hammock yeah yeah
and it just covers it up perfectly for
me oh yeah cuz it's a little cuz you're
Jewish
yeah and but I'm circumcised oh good
right yeah yeah I think that's a public
service in the wound out there that's
nice but now there's only one lady
touching your penis Oh doesn't matter
yeah yeah in the world yeah but I mean
it got some use okay
that's abuse some right we're talking
about that I should have logged earlier
we're talking about the whoring days of
me and Jason yeah back way back way back
way before herpes was even invented yeah
wouldn't been to her 99 okay cool his
name was like Arthur herpetic yeah
herpetic cookies are coming names em
yeah yeah yeah that's that's what
happens we just did grease - and now
we're gonna do one for Jason's man
Channel but it's not the first youtuber
I've ever ever watched that's it for
stories I don't think that anyone else
because that's true I appreciate I
remember I remember finding uh that I
was on one of your lists I was on he was
on the sexiest YouTube worthless and I
was like you know I'm just gonna go for
it it was a little embarrassed because
at the time I already work with people
you worked with and was like it's kind
of embarrassing but whatever always put
it out there whatever I like that it
didn't work though usually if you put
something on to the universe check I'm
gonna get it didn't quite work but
that's fine whatever I try being
obnoxious again because it's a multi
look at the Mophie I love it moppy
actually only I look weird multi-tone
yes oh my god was how you tweeting I'm
tweeting about the qat
oh I know that wasn't me scandal is like
something sexual I just try to find a
way to I never had not award mommy is
really annoying with people you were
always like people always on their
phones and they were on Trish because
she's so annoying and I like yeah no no
I'm doing it we're tweeting yeah but
there's a worm OFI or so Mophie twins
sponsored by Mophie but yeah not well
then we get free moveable yeah hey
Mophie what's up we use this stuff
we get it give it like a free one give
it a turbo one a turbo Mophie will
promote it
maybe the ones like if I read ooh yes
double but why didn't you buy brighter
vagina word okay
Thursday's posted yeah so these are
Thursday's a bit okay guys so high does
some finished with Jason up and it was
really funny but I was I my normal
routine in the morning throughout the
day and at night
always to check Instagram Twitter my
email YouTube Facebook sometimes not so
much vine and then I check Google Gaza
for this website right about gossiping
about you learn so much love like I'm
not even gonna lie like I'm just like so
fascinated by this up people right and I
sometimes I like actually lol laugh out
loud
mmm I'm not gonna lie they're mean
they're really mean and like I'm always
like oh my find it like it totally like
oh my god that's so mean but sometimes
it's kind of funny um so it's personally
a hard blow ah um Hey then they quote my
vlog from today I love you guys so much
because guess what you're not going
anywhere which is what I said in my blog
that I posted today and then like what
kind of creepy misery shit is bad and I
I laugh because I always think I'm sort
of like if you guys don't know the movie
misery or the book it's obviously a book
my sinking but I loved the movie um hope
you say I'm like Kathy Bates from misery
or fucking Glenn Close in fatal
attraction I'm always like don't wet
this line I don't even know the line
right now I will not be ignored and like
those are my movies because I am kind of
creepy like I love you guys so much
because guess why you're not going
anywhere
um I mean I'm totally a creepy person
I'm in love um that was referring to
actually you guys when I said that I
actually might love you guys someone
because that's why you're not going
anywhere cuz like you're watching my
videos so you're not gonna if you break
up with me I won't know because you'll
simply stop watching my videos um but I
posted a picture on Twitter talking
about I don't Photoshop my photo so I
posted one of all my back fat and then
like I'm so fucking gross good more and
that back fat selfie like it's like it's
just a toy to you I just find it so
interesting that people that don't like
me so much are so consumed in my life it
actually makes me to be happy so I'm
always checking this like I'm like what
are they saying now about me it's just
very fascinating to me that people care
that much about me which like I said
they know I'm fucking narcissist and I
think any attention is good attention so
it makes me really happy
um so that's why I'm doing like a loser
I just ate a kind bar
and I'm waiting for us not for you to
get your hope is getting here you don't
need make plans with someone the night
before but like they never respond to
confirm like you say okay what's your
like address or whatever and I gave it
to them and then like you never
confirmed after that and the crazy huh
and it wasn't like a specific time was
just any time after three so there was
really no confirmation so it's 2:15 now
so I'm gonna just kind of shell and get
ready as if we were to do another video
but I guess we'll see and I got up out
of my face and stuff I'm not venturing
in his thread um yeah fun times here we
go I think I have the day Jason oh this
is Chris everybody hey Chris right why
don't you think it's in your name run
it's Chris swing your friend we did a
video together now we're dating yeah
basically yeah we're talking about
gender and he's trying to bog right now
I'm just kidding me isn't you know but I
was like you know I'm like I'm not that
kind of girl wait we're gonna subscribe
to you um sup daily is that really your
tail that's the blonde channel I was
that daily no six
yes up daily zero six or youtube.com
slash Chris Thompson oh he's a singer
can you sing something real quick um no
no what it what should I sing seem like
okay we did a boy band challenge do you
like another boy band song and romantic
sing something really romantic and I
will take you in my arms and hold you
right where you belong everywhere to say
is true this I promise you I promise you
fucking hi hi do I want to fuck yeah
does everyone wanna and generally I
would but like does what you say I'm gay
but you're gay this guy to his dick oh I
beautiful let it be so bad I had a piece
um okay I'm King I'm gonna wipe them
away one camera I always wanted to be in
a vlog I'm like legitimate piece I once
saw Shane Dawson Keough blog so I wanted
to be in a vlog and that's your story
yeah she did peanut walk one time I was
like I want to do that too um so I'm
peeing in a vlog I'm not doing anything
else and I want to wipe anyone talked to
you guys first because I want to let
this thing get this up right away um so
fighting today I'm so I didn't get my
nails done but I'm gonna do that
tomorrow
um which is I'm about what I just can't
talk with uh Chris I don't know reason I
keep boycott rookies cuz his channels up
Ricky and I didn't know like his like
name was Chris for so long um but anyway
he we talked for hours I wanted to keep
talking with him I know this is like so
attractive right now boats okay doesn't
watch my videos oh my when I keep
talking with him and two things one I
didn't want to obviously get my nails
done oh we're talking to a cute boy and
- I don't want have to go pee because
you know anyone I keep talking to
someone but you're scared they might
want to leave so you don't want to go
pee because they might think that's a
sign that you want them to leave like
okay I'm gonna go pee and I'm hoping
like they're gonna lead to I didn't
really want him to leave so but I had a
pee but I don't want to think it was one
of those things like trying to kick him
out because you don't have to pee um so
anyways I just wanted him to pee in my
mouth no wait what
okay so girls like who'd want someone
taking them out that's gross Trish um um
no but that's it that's the flog cuz I'm
not doing anything else today I'm
actually really hungry I was really so
good on my diet now I'm like starving
for some reason as I did so many videos
Jay cranking them out though but anyways
I'm thinkers for watching I love you
head I ran a senseless I mean like it's
it's my little baby fishies me die
