everyone so I am just getting ready for
my day I worked out to stranger things I
finally finished season one I took a
shower got all ready and dress and
makeup cousin but don't make video for
my main channel took all the tapes off I
got this shirt
these flannels and this white shirt from
All Saints it's super comfortable they
are men's sizes because I love men's
quality better than girls especially on
All Saints and gained a little weight
um yeah so it is the holiday that
weekend
it's Thanksgiving here in America by
glad you guys love my new background
it's Thanksgiving so I've been trying to
like work out and you know just your
little butter um but I've been taking
this 50s fat burner also I'm gonna be
putting in a phone case bye bye drove Oh
daddy and hello gingerbread man yeah
I've been taking these 50 fat burners um
these like little pill forms you guys
probably seen fit to before I
pertinacity for this video
they were super when they came to me and
were like hey do you want to try these
out and if you like them we can sponsor
you so they're sponsoring this video I
thought was like super super cool cuz I
actually didn't want to try not only a
fat burner but it's an appetite
suppressant it's like an energy booster
it's a pro it's probiotics it's
basically like all the good pills in one
and it does do weight loss a lot of
times the other pills or teas out there
don't really promote weight loss the
more depressed like appetite suppressant
or like just manage your weight I'm
gonna miss this rose gold one I heard
the iPhone X was bad but I got it so
that's just so cute like couldn't be
easier to slip this in uh get an
gingerbread man how cute is that
um it also gives you all like this
energy from like the naps when I'm
taking the green tea it gives your
metabolism a boost which is great so if
you do kind of fall off with your eating
like it kind of just boosts everything
up in your system so if you have and
this is a very real thing to like I know
when I want to go get my hormones
checked my doctor was just like want o
striping probiotics you know could
really help and then fight you know you
getting sick or whatever the case may be
so
these are what the capsules look like
they're just little green @t capsules
you can get these at 50 calm I just make
them right before I like eat something
just so they're kind of like in my
stomach I don't know if you'd really
have to just stick with 10 ounces of
water and this is to be used in addition
with your diet and actually I was
watching a doctor review it I should be
really bad at taking pills
I could never swallow pills and I'm
trying to drink one watch it more water
to drink oh no holidays is just no fun
at all but I don't know why this is you
don't want to focus um but you know it's
good because like I said I needed all
those the healthiness in it anyways you
guys know I don't really eat vegetables
I do work out with my metabolism so slow
because I kind of do like fasting
without like trying too fast if my mom
would say oh I just don't want to eat
and obviously not eating is not good for
your metabolism so if you drink certain
Chinese out I'll link it below shots
picked again for sponsoring this video
really cool I like I just started using
me and again I just feel more energized
and energetic like it's the morning and
I already have like my makeup done I
already worked out I showered this is
this is leaps and bounds improvement for
me so check it out check on my boiling
water back there and this is just not
the cutest thing ever
um yeah so look at this day started and
see what coming up I guess I'm just
filming a main Channel video and
actually might work out later on say
that's how much energy I owe you guys so
I treated myself to new shoes that's
next day by the way I'm about to go work
out I got my shoes on in my outfit but
treat myself in your shoes I basically
got two pair of the same I got these in
like black they're do these Nike runners
they're so interesting so they're
British shoes I want to put on my couch
whatevs
um they're really really stretchy like
they feel kind of like socks and then
their has like these cool I think these
things are on our shoes you know I guys
know me I'm like that's my box it's like
let's do it the name it I think they're
good
maybe all of these were like soccer
shoes and I'm wearing them to go workout
fly nap
hopefully these are my shoes but yeah I
think they're super cute unless you guys
my off when I go to the gym but got my
little water in a wine glass which is
wine but it ain't let's go work out
y'all actually before we work out I'll
show you guys
so I download a bunch of stuff on
Netflix she watched her in my workout so
I already finished searching reasons why
I've finished all three seasons of
fuller fuller house I started frontier
with Jason Momoa and these are all want
to tell you to watch the cassia nomine
Bridget Jones baby - Dave Chappelle I've
got my iPad so dirty specials and
already watched both seasons of haters
back off so it's like to lead in like
when I go through them you'll see Oh
stranger things I think this is probably
the same thing Jim well it's expired
anyways but so like stranger things like
I don't know if those aren't delete
because I finished she's in one so I'm
going to start I think I'm gonna start
season two I think that's I'm gonna do
today
or I was just watching the filter Franco
show he's checking out this one Jim and
Andy which I love Andy Kaufman if you
guys know my main channel or maybe was
my second channel he's like I'm Andy
Kaufman it said that for literally years
oh it's just so he can just play it so I
might watch this Riverdale I've just
heard really good things about them and
haters back off I watched both season so
that's my little work guys well Mila :
run my little booty off
different
muy joven I
six minutes left
very Japanese
can you make it your own
once I got my frontier
member
I'm not to go
before
okay guys I am back on my couch this was
from my new shoes this was from
yesterday's food and this is from so
long ago and yes my couch was a mess my
friend was staying with me for a while
he's got enough for like a month I'm
really really sad yet you guys been hang
it so I just ordered some breakfast I
actually would have stay on there longer
time constraints today cuz I have quite
a bit of to do kind of boring his I'm
sorry probably logging because I want to
add it and get you guys up because I
really haven't had like a proper vlog in
like a minute
oh my I was so like emotional watching
this documentary and like inspired like
I'm so happy I did so I had never even
heard about this like I said I was
watching Phelps Frankel this morning and
I loved me on the moon like if you type
in my name with Andy Kaufman even if you
go to me I think it's this I think it's
actually my main channel I had an Andy
Kaufman channel that's still up that was
called Andy Kaufman and then if you type
in my name with Andy Kaufman like I have
a bunch of like tribute videos to him
like I once a 2009-2010 I was obsessed
like he Andy Kaufman is a huge
inspiration my Jim Carrey is a huge
inspiration of mine like I don't really
talk about it all that often because I
kind of feel like what they do
especially Andy but also Jim especially
of recently they're very like
performance art but like not the
performance art you think where you're
like wow this is this is yeah I see what
they're doing they're going deep and
they're going they're going past
people's heads and like in a way this is
like really bad that this is so always
out of focus
I don't know and in a way they're doing
that but it's like not talking about it
and kind of just going with the sponge
in the book especially of disbelief kind
of just going with it or making everyone
else being like well was he crazy so a
lot of people found out Andy Kaufman was
a troll but what's kind of so brilliant
about Jim even though I feel like some
people understand like I don't know I
have this like weird connection where I
know exactly because people are like
Motors justice Charles she just trolls
and a lot of people get it and I
couldn't say like i troll sometimes but
then a lot of times she was like don't
know including myself and when I was
watching this documentary cuz Jim was
kind of trolling as Andy Kaufman and
Tony cliff even he said I don't know
what's real I don't know what's fake you
zoom ding he's like I don't I didn't
know and I didn't want to play Andy
Kaufman like I wasn't in the REM video
for that the soundtrack of the song
because I didn't want to go back to that
character cuz I didn't know what's real
I didn't almost make I kind of say
that's how he is now and I get it and I
get it and they always connected like I
always had actual thing because my dad
you know we would watch taxi or
something when i was younger and i i i
would i would like get him and not
knowing anything about like his
interviews or like anything like that
same thing with Crispin Glover who's not
as talked about as being like this like
troll but he kind of is but like I
actually know Crispin Glover in your
life I saw him at the beginning of this
year was last time I seen him but I I
knew him you know for the past few years
and he's the same way he's like bizarre
and even in person he kinda doesn't know
he's like it was a character but then
like is it you know what I mean like and
it's his weird head space and I get it
and I don't want to put myself up in
like with the greats of like Ian Kaufman
and Jim Carrey and even Crispin Glover
like they're there they are
I feel like these super geniuses kind of
like even Contino even though he doesn't
necessarily troll but he's like the
super genius level that I feel like
people know he's a genius but like this
other level of him that I get so they
can I'm not comparing myself to them at
all but I get it and I really and maybe
other people relate to maybe that's what
people watch me I don't know you know
know me maybe other people feel this way
but because I don't know anyone
personally I feel this way and a lot of
people like don't get me because even
people who get me my real life like me
really close friends even those people
who like get me I know this is like so
meta right now like sometimes they don't
understand the things I do and like why
does he just you and my own sister even
you know me I love them and they love me
so much pathetic why do you got to do
that like I'm so scared for you I'm so
nervous for you you know what I mean
like just little things I do that I do
even like I said I don't even try to
troll I don't even try to make people
mad anymore
but because they've kind of blurred
anymore like what's character like it's
a character it's character or whatever
but it's a guy I don't know I truly
don't know even my trolling there was
elements of truth in it and and I have
conflicting beliefs so like if I said
one thing I didn't necessarily even
stand by I was you know those weren't my
true convictions but like I kind of did
because I said it I thought of it and I
prophesized it sighs I don't know you
guys maybe I'm like tripping Yolo I'm
sorry um I'm really hungry and so I
ordered some egg whites and bacon I'm
gonna eat that and I'm gonna shower and
I just like I said I have a bunch of
like just boring errands today but I
hope you guys enjoyed this little like
fitness journey um like it is like oh it
isn't hard like definitely it's okay to
splurge at for me personally like i'm
bringing my workout clothes like when i
go on holidays and like vacations i
premiere workout clothes with me because
even if it's just like 20 minutes 30
minutes like jump start you know and
with the fit t I love that you know the
fatigue it fat burner is like that's
like giving you that extra boost that
extra aid so even if you can do 20
minutes and you have the fatigue that
butters like it's gonna give you that
extra boost next rate so if you do kind
of mess up you don't feel too bad about
it you're like okay I just want to work
out some more like gwon walks that's
what I'm doing like when I stay at my
dad's like I remember how close like
we'll go on coop like a three-mile walk
and and that does something that gets
your heart going same thing next time
with the fat burners it's like doing
something and then if you do today like
yesterday I didn't eat so healthy today
it's like I'm really gonna focus on
eating healthy I'm just gonna you know
it'll make me feel better
and yeah that's what I'm gonna do so I
know my house is so messy right now but
the thing with me is I gained weight
Superboy
we know this IV weight very quickly but
I can also lose it so people are always
like Trish if your body like fat one
minute and then it's like if I eat
healthy for like a day it can snap back
even like a couple days they'll snap
back but if I binge for a couple days I
will look so it's like a blessing in our
current I have an addictive personality
but I'm doing pretty good I mean this is
definitely returning more then I would
like I
we're not close though it literally
makes me feel like I just want to work
out so I got a bunch of you guys mostly
real quick well wait for food let's go
so I mean you can't really see but I got
like a bunch of like new leggings and I
got these padded sports bras thing just
fell I got these padded sports bras and
I got one like not so padded from Nike
and then this is kinda like this like
little turtleneck thing with matching
pants I love matching a little workout
outfit these are like all new clothes
like I haven't worn yet I always like
hang up like new clothes that like you
know I'm gonna grow tennis skirts I
might play tennis with my dad okay guys
so we're gonna have a little quick
abraca together recce brunch lunch sort
of things I love this meal so much I
just got a side of scrambled egg white
protein but it's also really filling so
I don't ever feel like super hungry and
because I just kind of have a day I had
them you have a bunch of disappearances
and I don't want to do I just want to
make sure like I'm not gonna be grumpy
extra grumpy and I think you know eat so
I'm super super excited and like I said
because I go through days obviously you
guys know where any like don't eat help
you all well I know I'll let go and work
out I feel a lot better what they do
even if you do gain weight that day you
still feel better working out and all
that stuff so don't go bad and then just
try and do the best you can like us all
I can do and then be like all doesn't
count the only healthy one day a week
it's like what's better than no days a
week you know mmm with you're in with me
an egg-white I have to have an equal not
bigger than a my mouth so we're I know
ideally all about this with Brad Webb
I'm trying to be good job
I do know better might be too many carbs
and sugars obviously no people can just
make this meal but for me I'm just
really good at this restaurant I'm
thinking to make fried eggs are
hard-boiled eggs for myself it always
makes you order but I'm kind of a treat
no reward after what's out there playing
that Ed Sheeran song you're doing that
perfect it's so beautiful
I think about his current lease
girlfriend but a couple years I knew in
high school that's real sweet I love
songs by guys who were to say I'm moving
let you go why can't I have a guy do a
song for me like that it's so sweet
blues my Europe
I love used I misuse that I want you
forever oh gosh only for two
go to New York
our Christmas trip and you are juicy mmm
gathering them I'm trying to be like
help me earn over think zoom again and
just in general says I'm a few music
videos coming up like literally next
week yeah I don't know like waterborne
clothing I'm going to eat more like this
weekend but mmm
night filling that my freshman name was
still hungry
I mean what I love a doughnut yes but
I'm gonna lie like I couldn't feel bad
after ate a doughnut sometimes I'm not
really doing really gone guys and I have
a doughnut but there's always some we
don't every day like I was a little
early both Ming I've gone every day a
sprinkle one I'll show them
I love that some bedroom 200 that you
are huh
that I don't ever need I'm sewing them
um looks like is it turn it
I don't how's it done rough week dinner
generous eat fresh stop and then five
minutes I don't feel stop that all but
right now morning I do more office then
we've been working out at night which I
don't mind actually but if you do try to
actually sleep better when we work out
at night but in the morning I just feel
waiting we're integers like right when I
wake up like I feel like a doughy bad
like I have a lot of time and energy
I've been doing a lot of stuff at ok
packages no anyways I'm along here
I just always been good for you guys to
go watch and go up um other vlogs I have
to I have for you guys some um whoopie
pies okay they'll had a really great
holiday weekend gene jump great holiday
weekend and a great holiday season now
that we're entering it December soon it
does not like that's dude nothing about
that make December's not technically for
like another week thanksgiving seem to
be kind of early which I kind of like
some kind of broke up November so
anyways I will talk to you soon I love
these from an old ladyish mmm
