okay my kids are big I have huge tits
I have does it matter what my face looks
like what I have huge tits I have huge
tits I have huge tits that is the song
cause I have a huge earrings that just
hurt me I have huge tits I have huge
tits that isn't song cuz I have huge
tits I have huge tits hey lo hey guys
ah my head hurts though I'm sad my
friends left not a boyfriend not someone
I fuck just my friends left and it's
making me really sad it is one of them
stay I have anxiety issues when people
leave separation anxiety is the word I
don't like it when people leave me and I
don't know when I'm gonna see them again
I've been having like cottonmouth all
night though I don't like when we
believe me it makes me so sad I want
people to stay with me whether it's my
friend's boyfriend lover its tweeted
boyfriend lover friends I just want them
to stay with me I just get so sad lately
but I swear I was leaving I was left so
sad though
I'm not drunk anymore just tired check
out Michael
sometimes I think I'm fucked and then
sometimes I think I just think I'm
fucked
maybe I just think in my head that I'm
fucked but I'm really not fucked I'm not
giving myself a fair chance in this
world she's talking about tonight what
I'm going to do with my life can I be
doing this at 40 being fucking psychotic
on my couch let's do the huge boob song
I have huge boobs I have huge boobs I
have huge boobs hey hey hey hey um
serious note here I ate on my couch
that's why I'm a child singing pizza J's
has separation anxiety do you ever go
through it just wanting just wanting
somebody to stay with you I just don't
like to be alone anymore matchbox 20 got
it right I don't want to be lonely no
more I don't want to have to pay for
this I don't want another lover at my
door just another heartache on maddest
Oh Oh would you be good to me because I
would be good to you
Rob Thomas knew and all those 90s bands
knew it mark McGrath Sugar Ray
I'll smash mouth they all knew what was
up it's a cool place and the sake gets
colder your bundle up now just wait till
you get older to you China the Chinese
chicken you have a drumstick can you
Prince earth chicken watch next files
with no lights on Perry Mason guys I'm
tired but I love you guys and I think
that's why I love YouTube I do here's
you know I love you guys because guess
what you're not going anywhere YouTube's
not going anywhere
YouTube's here tie my hair so stringy
right now I just got my hair done today
I just got new extensions put in so it's
a little stringy
I love you guys so much feed me and tell
me I'm pretty I miss I miss my guy is
the sky that I so in love with this guy
right now you guys are so in love with
him
and I can't have him somebody different
than the guy I normally talk about but
it's okay it's okay I always want what I
can't have and that is story of my life
because I am a glutton for punishment
but I love you away so much until I'm
not drunk by my eyes look at my eyes are
they still red no and by the way if
people say my pupils are dilated it's
just because I have big pupils I love
you guys so much thanks for watching hi
to Rick Moranis I you know I hope you're
watching Rick Moranis otherwise I feel
really really stupid saying that after
every outro hi to Rick Moranis if you
don't watch it's embarrassing but
thought chance you watch or your kids
watch hi I love you if you're single I'm
single even if you're not single I'm
single as your story in my life but I
love you guys so much thanks for
watching hi to Rick Moranis until next
time here my kisses my little baby fish
I'm at this point
