everyone so um today we are celebrating
Shane's birthday early and um his
birthday is not actually until next week
but we are gonna celebrate early here
and these are what I got him
I know he's so hot okay so he's like me
where I literally just like buys
anything he wants and actually something
that I bought him he actually already
found in his apartment so this is kind
of like a secondary thing but I know he
likes candy and food so I got him this
and it says you know you're a star it's
all super cheesy you know cuz like his
movie coming out and then here is a box
of chopsticks this is the variety back
of chopsticks is every time I've seen
him he's always either looking for
chapstick buying chapstick or has a new
chapstick with him so that's what I got
him also my mom's coming over with um
mac and cheese and chocolate cake um
because obviously Shane likes cake and
of course mac and cheese cuz cheese
hello my mom had made me mac and cheese
like a week or like a month ago and then
like a week later I was in the fridge
for a week and I'm like I don't know how
to eat that I'm like Kate and Shane like
I'm like what you can have it if you
want if it's still good and so they eat
it even those like a we go then they
really like it so I set up but you got
to have it fresh so my mom made fresh
mac and cheese and chocolate cake for
the his birthday but also you know I
mean because I love it um just like as a
side not as an actual like meal because
I'm sure when eat something um
and Jays here which is super excited and
then case coming she at is picking up a
surprise in Long Beach for him um she
told me what it wasn't really really
cool so now I film some videos and my
curl is all gone at this point it's just
it's gone but I'm like a little
cheerleader today I put a little it's
like fourth of July but not so anyways
um oh by the way that wear your bra so
don't don't judge that but um no see how
close there's the chocolate cake that's
what my mommy it's a chocolate cake it's
really good so excited to eat it okay oh
it smells so good you're on camera
it's like - fresh let me see No
so I said it was like your best ever s
you've ever made oh god man so much
where'd you get this little peon
come on oh my gosh so much did you mate
don't make a double double thank you so
much I'm the cake already thank you
mommy Jade only help I told him I was
gonna help you hey sure okay hey Trish
like wishes life back to the future by
the beaches playing um so hey guys we're
here at Trish's house she doesn't know
we're doing this but we're taking her
camera I got a second just went through
a big gay vagina okay uh what does she
have what does she have was she have
that's cute she has a little cross and
she's a big creepy angel stabbing into
it terrifying what's that look at my
epic sunglasses shout-out never wore
them ah she's a tiara do you think
that's real what he thinks she wanted
for she's another cross is that Jesus
perfume that's not I just broke Jesus
okay thank you
I try hard with it it's all about the
packaging like I feel good I love it
she's at fifty Shades of Grey bow she
has had sex and I probably sex on that
with that
with with him right in right there right
there anything in the bot Hall wait we
should put him somewhere to shoot it all
since all states Trish does okay ed wait
let's hide let's but this 'mark is just
so much shit let's see if she notices if
something is different
she actually I feel like when she asked
us not to steal anything she kind of
meant that you know see if she notices
and if she doesn't well she's a hoarder
and it's time to move on
ya know from Hot Topic does anyone look
good news
has anyone ever looked good on this do
you on this thing
how mean if you get to literally put it
on his chin
that doesn't look what that is then oh
it's okay what do you guys think of the
size of my shirt
it's too small you want me to take it
off yeah I'm doing a very good vlog Hey
well that's sexy though you look sexy
like that if you just talk like that all
the time
think where anything is just like noises
and OH
se llama I like that the same time say
everything like me sexy from both sides
my lighters just like guys just like
little moans I'm like yeah no talking uh
hmm does this look you don't know yeah
just grunt ah ah stop
sorry you're right okay so this is like
way later in the day but we just got
we're going to the fair for Shane's
birthday okay so we're here for it happy
early birthday Shane there's a mr. oh
there's K and then we what's our crew
name did we come up with and Shane's log
God got boys got girls got boys and
girls girls I had a gut and they told me
it was gross to call things I got yeah
say you had a gun I just I said I had a
guy then you're like don't call it a gut
but it's a good I don't know how it came
up let's be honest
Wow okay question they call it a beer
gut so are they saying that you cuz you
were saying a gut is above your pussy
that's awesome that's not where beer
goes yeah forgotten loss if you're
drinking beer through your pussy and it
goes oh yeah okay gut is right above
your lady parts
it is pretend like you don't talk about
pussies all understand literally sad
your pussy hair goes up your gut
every other video you turn to like an
evangelical Christian I um there's some
dirt one day you're like beat me coming
back they're like Jesus Christ you can
love Jesus and like to get beat during
sex this is the thing okay thanks drew
drew if a little well I think sure looks
like Jesus Sheamus a count I Jesus a
little bit take off your glasses and
let's see if you look like Jesus yeah
permit if Jesus yes yes the way you said
that
Oh where's my fucking Jesus good okay do
you find ya alright I'd fuck Jesus like
that
um that's awesome or oh yeah that might
be cheaper no but she has ID to go dark
I hear and we know we have never been
before this is so exciting are you
excited kids man she's like have you
never been so Rizal Khan she about yeah
oh my god she's like got got got fuck
you yeah that's ke guys think she's got
quiet and we want to gut sluts yeah
voting out all the skinny hugs yeah oh
yeah and then when we way we flat guts I
love it once cuz only give us a guts
take what rights are we gonna go on we
are gonna go on is that a log ride were
decide I want to go on a log ride so she
didn't draw together and minchia a
couple today oh no this isn't haha oh my
god your mouth okay we're gonna I've
never been to here so we're gonna go
what we want to eat
Friday yeah sorry what I said about the
sitting on a day I was having someone
machine and she pointed the camera at me
and I don't know what oh my god Road ow
I wanted apologize do you wanna do you
want to plug your YouTube channel my
youtube channel is a YouTube's own
column size my sexy when you talk like
that but sex
thank you it's a youtoo.com slash my toe
cold I'm doing
I got his way oh my got my tail I'm
doing a lot of gut videos and I just
been working on my gut just trying to
figure it out your gum oh there's the
goat's reversing the dirty is gonna be
an animal gross me luck Oh
so girls if you want to put in my
backpack see my bag that was a good idea
I literally feel like everyone's mother
right here right now I asked you I
should put a jacket on like my mom I
know when he's out
yes you've just in the Bible okay
bombers and the mutant is it free pay oh
thank you thank you thank you
Michaels I think I got blackness so cute
though sure you need to find Jesus you
know they were obvious you guys and you
just walked away oh wait no you're fine
no I saw me and they were like Oh jr. oh
no you're fine you're very beautiful I'm
like you seem calling me beautiful we
look together this is Shane Mecca he's
getting her head why don't we not have
your names on every man on a roller
coaster but literally yell Tina said why
are we not getting recognized Oh
way oh sorry
you want to ride the baby horse
what is it
you
brain horse though
yeah
wait what happened I'm a virgin animal I
didn't know that's what we were looking
at like it would tiny waters on the guy
on a shovel that's not straight to the
guy but straight to the cat cave he did
love you Kate's my girlfriend right now
with anybody guys coming out sorry
okay have fun shape vlog it guys we blog
going to the bathroom
come with us okay Katie like me wet till
the blog's egg KP like me you know I was
a king Easter chick Rashid is like it's
a buffalo I love Kate so much see she
loves me not the lesbian way no homo is
crazy your name is Carlos Oh
deep fried races and deep-fried Snickers
we haven't here looks terrible cuz we do
something I got you a deep-fried races
your outcomes and anyone have a
deep-fried advice if you want the rest
of it Edgar's yeah thank you
good dog all to know I was actually
going to balances busy and that Carlos
that was Carlos on the tank right he
said your name with a Carlos but why
does he have the wrong name
I had issues of hardening on that I was
like so like lost real I forgot my tag
yeah so you're Carlos Carlos barely I
don't I don't think I okay
no you're not a Carlos it says like
Carlos Thank You Carlos
okay try it we don't want to know what's
going to go straight here back oh is it
cold like is the Brisas one
you shall love it and read these
I don't know
you're right try this one I feel like
this weekend
it's good though yeah I think it is I
don't know it tastes uncooked but I
guess it is yeah I'm good I don't know
wonder
it's a peanut butter sandwich yeah like
a fried month
right turn hey guys no no try it there's
like nuts in it I love it
thumb down have entered right like
warning like for neither look at each
other tried right turn it's all over me
your dancers thank you
I like that look at your I like your
taste like shit yeah
all right there we go fried stuff oh my
god
I'm here now
are you
Oh
oh my god Oh
let's carry the better put this way all
day okay that was great girls from Leon
more fried food we got ya want it on his
blog
without what's fucking amazing no way
that's good oh my god way it's really
happy
Oh
okay no oh
something although I mean that's a
really good
Kampai oh this can be the face okay we
can buy the best
holy shit is it
hold on Bob
in on this really girl and get in on
that girl
banana girl bananas Rob it's so wrong
super wrong that's good
no it's not
stopping the banana bitch yeah it's
really
as young though right we love
I mean it really is the Cheesecake
medium she actually made cake not her
pussy it was raw oh yeah cakes Shane
took your mom's asshole and ripped it
apart and stuck his tongue in
so browse to the barrio honestly you
would really got in this lens it makes
me look skinny
yeah for real Lola Castilla she's uglier
of people getting free live free coupons
by the way free little I lost 200 pounds
and I did not eat Ross yeah so take your
40 pounds and shove it up your raw edges
and don't eat through because why fruit
is so bad for you freely rarely so bad
30 minute video ha ha ha I hope so what
if realize I'm getting free little off
is that really freelee the banana girl
from Australia that's a pretty name I
guess this is your home video call Shane
Dawson it's nothing bad better because I
you better not buy body dysmorphia feel
a lot juicy she'll be like so do I go I
saw one video where she talked about she
said um honestly guys and the fears of
guys obviously got first of all Trisha
Paytas you're fat you're disgusting I
love you third of all I know it's like
to de-ice to go inside with whole
chicken and I shut all the riders that I
mean put my arm it's like a chicken oh
I'm thinking pinching then I thought
well then I think like they're ours for
tea party they need the fried cheesecake
to feel better about ourselves but she
was dead on camera no never she's just
the blinds and then
I do buy them in the back of a truck
taking a shit in the back of Shane's
check and I'm loo look at the
illumination okay okay wait let me know
in time Josh wait free Lala she's gonna
she's gonna finish it it's gonna be
wrong and you can eat it ya righty here
we go put the shit in a banana do the
shit in a banana peel
there's about you can't my fuck you oh
sorry I got on your shift so what we do
we're like hanging out at a parking lot
and there's piss and chains things it's
Rob Oh Rob piss do you love it
living for the rocket living for the
round trailer up is it's fun anyway
I love life Saturday hangout sorry nurse
alright where are we in the ghetto and
are we looking comfortable all right
I'll be are words no she's rich I love
it no there'd be shit out of your ass
we're on Compton you don't have any shit
in your ass thank you
guys you should subscribe to Shane oh
wait I want ya gotta change truck
because it's interesting yeah I mean I
like to sit in trucks okay
I just like people give everybody in the
back of a truck
and I wanna have the baby in the same
truck I got knocked up man okay right
look wait wait this will be what your
baby sees open you're like ready okay
Lizzy oh yeah I didn't get brie ready
and see yeah I got it but I walked by
and this is happening I feel like I hate
these people
I hate these people exist yeah but that
is happening on my RA that's my book
wait no we should blog somewhere though
but oh well are we go ahead George is
live second channel though did you just
start that no oh yeah the channel that's
how you guys are not in the party truck
I am in the party checking on that in
there
I know what's happened in that drug give
you really it's fun well this whole
living we're living for this right we I
live I die but then I came back living
dying
you
