hey guys so I just woke up and um I just
brush my teeth so there's by like water
all over I'm just about to go for a walk
and my these workout clothes which are
not really anything great but is what I
got and I wanted to show you guys so I
went on a target run and these are these
are basically like all the UM essentials
like that you know when you go on like a
boar like you know all that stuff that
you you need but you don't want to get
because it's not fun stuff to buy that's
what this is but I figured I'd show you
guys cuz a lot of guys ask me a whole
thing my personal hygiene products which
i think is super boring but this is kind
of just a hodgepodge of things so I got
these Kleenexes for my purse which has
nothing to do with hygiene I got a new
razor I got the shit Quatro for women
I've been using a mens razor literally
for the past two years because I feel
like it has a closer shave but I'm gonna
try out this because I was actually
recommended this by a real-life friend
shocker not someone on YouTube sorry I
haven't even done my hair yeah I'm like
going out today and I was but I'm gonna
like put it up obviously so it's like
kind of crazy right now this is the
deodorant I use usually to like freshen
up like after the gym or something is I
don't like to put a stick after I've
sweat because the stick is for after I
shower in the morning so I got used the
spray for at the gym I have a ton of
dove shea butter sometimes I just rinse
my makeup off with um soap and then also
for in the shower and then also for my
bathroom because some people prefer to
use bar soap over liquid soap um oh for
my self-tanner I'm like why did I get
latex gloves for tanner I picked up two
self-tanning um things I got these Sally
Hansen airbrush legs I use this for my
whole body I got them in two different
colors I got it in the medium to tan
skin tone and the medium glow because
I'm always different skin tones and I
always want a different shade of tan
then I got some sunblock from CVS I
don't know Isis in the Target bag but
just some sun screen
keep it safe in the Sun then I do use
like the men's shaving foam I don't know
just like this stuff it's really thick
which is what I like and then I just got
like toothpaste this is probably so
boring right and then these are the
deodorants I use for after the shower
secret outlast completely clean and then
I got this one which I never tried
before this is a solid I prefer usually
the gel but I'm gonna try the solid out
I heard it's just better protection but
I mean the secret lasts for long I mean
I got another one of these or what I
need to pick up and then this is for my
purse as well advils always come in
handy these this is the razor I was
using so if I if I don't like that raise
I'm gonna go back to using digital at
Mach 3 I really like this razor but I'm
just you know expanding my horizons oh
and I got another one oh I think this
was where my friend job when he was here
oh he forgot it well I'll keep it for
him then I got some big-ass advil
liqui-gels because I just don't really
have any in my house anymore I got some
Phillip razors for some blades prevent
me I should watch
Schick Quattro and then I got a mini one
for my purse how many deodorant and a
Milani baked blush in delicioso pink and
everyone always talks about this so I
got and that's it fat so I thought I
would do um a little haul for you guys
look at this hair the only problem with
short hair is like you really do have to
like style it every day I feel like with
long hair could just like wake up and go
outta bed and like just put a brush
through it and it was fine it lay flat
but this is like you have to style it I
don't know we'll see how long this short
hair last I don't want to keep it for a
little bit and just clip in extensions
when I want that full volume but I don't
know I guess we'll find out so I'm gonna
go on my walk maybe I'll bring guys with
me I don't like to film too much because
I mean I going about an hour away so
maybe at the furthest point I'll film I
don't like to film around like my house
I don't know I just get weird I used to
never be like that believe me I've been
getting weird about it
so alright guys yeah there you guys know
it's kind of sad to me
people who just people just drive by
people huh
you know um I just I'm really sad right
now because I I kind of broke it off for
the time he hasn't known this drama with
this guy for like I've seen like year
and a half and I'm you seeing so loosely
and I don't know he just kept texting me
he's like well you give me explanation
of why you just cut me off and I told
him I said you know I just just a some
work like I like you more than you like
me and I need to move on because it's
not healthy to not to be able to like
love someone that doesn't love you back
and so I just I didn't say all that but
I was just like you know I'm just trying
to move on because you're not as
attentive attentive as you were when we
first started talking and he just
doesn't put any effort and I've lost
interest in it's just it is what it is
but I'm not sitting here under a bridge
and kind of like a little sketchy part
of my walk and I just I was just really
sad and I had my head between my legs
over there and it's astounding to me the
people that just walk by and just see
you
but don't offer any any sort of help or
like love you know um
I think it's something like a la like I
was on a bike but walkers in general
they see you they see your you're
hurting and I don't offer any words or
comfort or ask if you're okay where I'm
from as much as I hate that town people
stop and ask if you're okay even if you
just look sad even if my head wasn't
between my legs just if I'm looking sad
but for you okay people see you and they
just walk by and I understand people
were like suicidal and stuff like that
how they could feel very alone like no
one cares especially in LA because it's
just like no one does care it's just
such a weird feeling to have people be
so empty but anyways my walk in my
morning started off good and I had a
deal with the situation which I'm glad I
dealt with because I'd rather deal with
it now then later and I think about it
but I've said all I wanted to say and
try not to get people in my shot so I'm
moving around as it only wanted to say
to him and I think that's you know
that's a good thing but this is the
little scoop I was saying on
literally just sitting here watch this
kind of sketch because there's like a
freeway bridge above there's like there
I was just sitting here my head like no
one does anything maybe there's a Super
Bowl was I don't know and I look fall
with my little pony but I'm gonna walk
back now but enemies this stays so far
but we're going to change around we're
going to go home we're going to pray
we're gonna shower and we're gonna have
a good good good day
as so we're to film because it literally
everyone just like to say shit now that
I have a camera but before we were just
staring it's like walk pain so I know
Ali is weird I'm kind of over Ali though
though
what do we think of this it's from lazy
oh I love it
do we love it I love it now that my hair
is short and that is big I don't think I
can pull off these big bows in my hair
anymore kind of feels like a muumuu Oh
guys I'm haven't I'll just let me
explain
guys I feel like I'm just in a weird
oppression and I think it's kind of
cause of my hair okay here's the thing I
want to like my hair I really really do
I think it's bringing to have the
extensions out but I just can't help but
feel a little like a boy a little
matronly some no I just feel like oh
just constantly on a battle with myself
I've been in a weird funk
you guys know since this morning and I
was gonna actually make a note on that
too I had mentioned something about I
know how suicidal people feels like and
I didn't really give you guys a positive
note to end that on um this is why I get
spiritual with you guys and this alpha
is not helping this motherly look like I
literally look like I got this from like
a garage in the 90s and I'm like stuck
in the 90s it might be the haircut it's
like a soccer mom thing I don't know
maybe need to curl it or something um
and I'm pale I don't know okay I gave up
know why I preach religion and God
because I do I've know what it feels
like to actually have no one care about
you and really just walk past you and
look through you as if you were
invisible and it is not a fun feeling it
is the worst feeling to feel alone in
this world and to feel like you're
invisible and that no one cares and you
can't help what you feel because even
though that's not the truth and I can
stay here and be like there are people
who care about you who love you and or
who will love you and care about you one
day like you can't I can't just
what is right I can't disconnect that
you feel the way you feel you feel the
way you feel perception is everything
perception is reality your perception is
your reality that's just what it is how
you see things is your reality and you
have to live that reality people may be
like Oh
like if you think you're ugly and
because oh you're not ugly if you think
you're ugly you're that's your reality
you're ugly if you think you're
beautiful that's your reality you're
beautiful and if you think no one cares
about you that's your reality and even
those other people can it's still your
reality so what you need to do is change
it and for me like I said I've been
there where I'm just like nobody cares
about me like what is the point you need
to change that and what I did is I went
to church and that's what helped me and
um knowing that God cared that God gave
His only Son for this world and that His
only Son um you know was crucified for
me to get into heaven and have eternal
happiness and all that makes me feel
like not only am I not alone but someone
loved me that much it's remarkable it's
remarkable I just oh and even if you're
a skeptic of religion or even you know
just try to go to church try and pray to
some being just knowing that someone
created this universe and created you in
it you know I just feel like don't you
feel like that you're here for a purpose
and that's what keeps me going through
hard times because because I'm sad you
know I don't you guys try watch my
videos to be happy and the other thing
as a copy but I'm like sad and I think
it's oh just a stupid guy that I've just
been so in love with and to finally feel
like real like it's over like being
strong and nothing I miss you after not
seeing him for so long and stuff like
knowing that I'm strong enough to move
on is an amazing thing but also a very
scary thing cuz it's like wow it's
really over and he made me so happy and
that was really sad but at the same time
I'm strong enough to move on and that
should make you really happy and I think
it will
I'm just gonna be like in a morning
stage and I'm just I'm kind of just
changing everything I've got um I don't
know whatever that's why I'm se I got a
new car I you know I got a new couch
made a new furniture I'm new hair
I just want to change sometimes you just
need a change and change is very scary
and I am one of those people that I'm
like I don't know how I feel about
change and even my hair right now is
like making me sad because I think that
doesn't look like me someone told me I
look like Chris Crocker when he was like
back in the day I don't know that mean
here's the thing guys like I know what
it's like to feel like you're invisible
and that no one cares I've been there
years ago when I was in high school I've
been there recently I've been there
before my best advice to you is seek
something higher than just beings on
this earth and whatever that is to you
and naysayers as skeptics are like
you're so stupid if you're from a family
of atheists or if you're friends with
atheist I watched a couple atheists on
YouTube because they made videos about
me and I found their channel and I would
watch them and it would make me sad
because they don't just promote atheism
which i think is a weird thing to
promote in general because it's
literally like denouncing God it's one
thing to be agnostic where you're unsure
and say you know I'm really now if I
believe in that sort of thing but like
to promote atheism where you're just
like kind of bashing someone else's
religion is a little weird to me because
I know God is real I've said this many
times I've experienced real-life
miracles I know God is a hundred and
thousand and ten percent real um but I
think these atheists who say God's not
real you're an idiot if you believe in
God that's not cool because even if
someone is unsure and they hear that
they're gonna feel like they're stupid
and silly but bottom line is even if
there was that I have I have a friend
who's an atheist actually and it drives
me nuts because I tell him socially when
we get in heated debates and you know
you can just go in circles with atheists
over and over oh my god you guys I'm
this one not putting me on Amex so
unmotivated I'm just gonna go like this
um to my meeting and then come home and
I cancelled a shoot I rescheduled a
shoot for tomorrow just
I wasn't in the right headspace for it
and I'm just like work on my room cuz
I'm like redoing anyways off tangent
atheists how I end the conversation with
my atheist friends like I said you
really cannot win you say faith they say
bullshit whatever if something helps
someone in life cope with whatever
they're going through why why bash on it
why be a downer on it if believing in
God helps me get through my day if
praying gives me peace to get through my
day what's I don't get what the big deal
about that is and if you think it's
silly why do you have to say it's silly
I don't go around bashing atheists
that's you know whatever I just promote
what I believe in and I feel like
believing and nothing's not a belief so
you're promoting just really just hatred
towards a religion or a makeup made of
being a God a mythical figure so it's
just email I don't know the whole thing
makes no sense to me but I don't know
guys I just sometimes I feel really sad
um and I do go I to go to therapy and um
I don't really vlog before and after
that because I like to reflect on a
therapy session and if any of you look
on a therapy but it takes a lot out of
you and even going there like mentally
prepare for what I'm like when I say
what I want to talk about and afterwards
you're just sort of like drained so I
don't really vlog on those days that I
go um but it does help if you're if
you're sad for no reason you know it
could be a chemical imbalance in your
brain it could be that you just need
someone to talk to for instance me I
live alone I haven't dated in a while by
choice um because I haven't felt like
myself and I don't want to date someone
when I don't feel like myself because
you know what I was still hung up on
this guy and I was just hoping it would
work out or something I don't know so I
kind of didn't accept dates but I mean I
want to change that because it's not
like I'm you know I mean it's sort of a
breakup but not really it's not like I'm
getting over a
you know five-year relationship or
something like I did before in the past
that was her that was difficult to get
back to dating but um you know now that
I'm like free it's like let myself you
know I think that might help just to
talk to people because sometimes sadness
just comes from not having anyone to
talk to and I will say my cool unquote
depression if you will it's I wouldn't
say I want to classify his depression
just sadness from time to time um has
gotten so much better through friends
and I was always an advocate like you
don't need friends and I don't have
friends and you're okay if you don't
have funds and you are okay if you don't
have friends because guess what you'll
make friends one day believe it or not
I'm I'm 26 and this is the first year in
my life where I feel like I actually
have friends that I can actually count
on and god it's so why may fucking cry I
didn't like the most emotional person
right am I like the most emotional I cry
all the time
I should get in trouble actually for
crying when I was little like my dad
would tell me not to high and teachers
and stuff in like boyfriend's I don't
fucking cry and you would think it was a
bad thing but your minds actually really
healthy cuz we're getting the emotions
out and I get really emotional because
um you know I am 26 and this is the
first year my life where I feel like I
actually have some people that I could
count on in my life which is crazy and
awesome it's a really really good
feeling Jenny one people that don't want
to just use you for filming or whatever
the fuck you're doing in your life and
or just use you in general you don't
know what can get used and it's really
really cool feeling I have um and it's
funny because when I start getting
friends I feel like the need to push
them away and like this year and going
to therapy is helping I would I would
talk about this a bit yeah he's really
great friends but like I don't want to
see them I feel like I feel like you
don't get anywhere I don't know I decide
making up excuses and she like pointed
that out to me she's just like you know
you're making excuses for not wanting
you're pushing people away cuz they're
getting close to you and you're getting
scare because you're gonna think they're
gonna hurt you or they're gonna use you
and I thought that was really a useful
thing in my life is um once someone gets
close because I what guys who I'm
physical with in a lot closer than
friends um and those are the ones that
hurt me so with friendships I just I
always just trying to like put a kibosh
on it just find some reason to not be
friends with the person anymore
and I'm not saying that you know don't
talk to friendships because if they're
toxic and you don't feel comfortable in
it or you feel like you're being used
you can totally end those but if you're
just making up excuses in your head
because even I would be like why am i
pushing these people away and now that
I've gone over that and just realized oh
my god there's like genuine people in
this world that really just don't care
what Who I am what I do like nothing
it's it's a really strange feeling to be
able to talk and again I'm never had
friendships where I can talk about my
family life and like things that I'm
going through without feeling like I'm
being judged or you know what I mean
it's it's really cool and I don't know
guys I just I wanted to I don't even
know I sat down I wanted to kind of
enough um like little river's edge
little things I was going through I'm
like a positive note because um you know
I didn't want to just leave you in
billing I know what it's like to be
fucking suicidal like no one cares about
you bye like you know I wanted to edit
more positive and I need a new team I
resent imma lip done and my nails done
but I literally feel like I just need
this day off I'm gonna go to this
meeting because it was a commitment I
made last week and I don't want to like
not go it's just a lunch meeting and
it'll be fine but I really just wanna
come back and work on my room and kind
of just take a couple days off um I am
gonna be posting on my main channel and
they will be there will be pre-recorded
videos there for the next like six days
I think I just want to take like a
minute off if that makes sense I love
YouTube and I love making videos so
friggin much and I'm going to start
making them again I think next week I
want to start today is alright now as
I'm filming this it's a Wednesday so I
just want take Thursday Friday Saturday
Sunday I think Monday I'll get back to
filming so if you're wondering if people
are being mean and my main channel being
like this shit's pre-recorded not to
watch it obviously I'm gonna be having a
different couch and longer hair and
stuff but those are ready only have six
videos so after that I gotta start
recording and I think you guys know I
told you before that I I pre record some
videos I do like two or three in a day
when I film because um you know I like
to have like a day off here and there
and not film every day but I love
posting every day it's such a
conflicting thing but I love YouTube and
I will get back to it I need to like
spare him so pale by the way everyone
everyone thinks it's like oh gosh I just
totally like flashed you my thighs
everyone thinks this is like a like a
battered like a thumbprint like someone
grabbed my arm it's actually from like a
curling wand burn like forever ago um so
yeah anyways I'm gonna go this was such
at and I'm so sorry um but yeah the
episode of Dorrit of sex Burt was out
today I don't know guys
why do I not like that I just feel like
my hair is so well I just don't know
such a big face for such a little hair
okay guys I'm gonna go so I'm not gonna
like walk that long while driving but
honestly guys something so funny
happened it was I don't know if it's
just me cuz I don't laugh when other
people get hurt but I laugh and I get
hurt and I just like got my ass kicked
my phone was ringing for the buzzer
downstairs and I was expecting a package
that I had assigned for today and so I
like bolted and like a crayon I like
sprinted like from my living room to my
bedroom and totally just ate shit on
those big shoes which are really not
that hard to walk and believe it or not
because they're like a flat surface but
totally fucked up my ankle like I swear
to get it I just laughed like it hurts
so bad and all I could do with like Labs
I was it like cheers couldn't come out
of my eyes anymore and it was pretty
flippin amazing and I was like why was I
not reporting my life 24 hours a day
because I was just so perfect and
honestly I just kind of needed it I
don't know I feel I'm so clumsy
it's like Josh no matter what you do or
how you feel one thing that's always
consistent in your life is your
clumsiness I can always count on myself
for making a jackass of myself so I
don't know I thought I was interesting
but you can't drive into my lunch
meeting now to be honest I don't even
want food
so for food I just don't want to eat out
of a anyways I thought something like
the glasses like the glasses like the
glasses I feel like Alabama from true
romance with these sunglasses right
to be loved my kind of love um I mean
I'm here back at 26 beach they picked at
this time and I pick it every time I
meet with am I gonna go to my screen
like I guess so I'm not really even that
hungry right now but lab our we'll see
how it goes oh I'm kind of looking like
a sexy melt tonight hey guys oh hey are
you Johnny's friends
oh I was just about to change wanna help
me
oh I'm sorry you're only 14 ha oh I'm
bad I'm so oh god could you imagine oh
one day I'm going to be that mom I'm
going to be the slutty mom ah I mean
kind of topic but it's kind of like
crazy to think about having a child like
I can't take care of myself like I don't
think I'll ever be able to take care
myself I'm 26 I should be able to like
mentally cope with things of day-to-day
life but instead you've seen me go from
being happy to sad to happy to sand a
crying if I had a fucking child I would
be so fucking crazy
anyways have topic I'm getting ready to
watch Big Brother Drew's is blowing my
phone right now I was a little drunk I
don't think I'm drunk anymore
you're like drink like a whole bottle
wine in it I'm so fucking wasted and
then you're like I'm fine
um anyways this guy Davin I won't hit
him I kind of love him I haven't seen
tonight's episode but I kind of loved
Evan um right I don't know my only one I
don't know um loved Evan ah I love Caleb
I know everyone like hits him - I love
Caleb I love um I'm like Frankie okay so
some of my friends I know that watch a
show like a I can't stand Frankie but
Frankie's kind of entertaining like I
feel like he was annoying at first like
oh my sister Ariana Grande oh my god I
don't want to marry or as my sister oh
my god my sister Ariana oh my sister's a
pop star Ariana got it's like bitch we
gotta go sisters are we gonna Conde but
he's just more likeable now I don't know
why I just like him better now um what
did you guys watch big brother or what
do you guys think a big brother actually
auditioned for Big Brother twice and
drank eight calls and then they call me
for a season I didn't even audition
before I believe it was last season the
one with Frank on it um with the curly
hair I auditioned for it
and they wanted me to take down all my
YouTube videos which was like really odd
and now Frankie's on here who he says
he's a YouTube personality and I noticed
his videos are still up so I don't know
maybe they change the rules but I
fucking wanted to be on Big Brother my
whole life and I don't know guys you
know one person told me not even kidding
they're like you're too famous for and I
was like what the fuck does that mean
I'm not female a guy walked up I
actually know why I walked on the street
some people do know me but I'm not like
I'm known quote I peek some be people
know me people know me that's that's not
a lie people know me I'm not fucking
famous you know I think any dick is more
famous than me no name means I was like
so you're not letting me on the show
because another fun fact is well I don't
know how she means it it's a different
version of Big Brother but I'm not gonna
even go into that right now but that's
I'll save that for another video but uh
yeah watching that I don't know Devin's
uh Devin's pretty hot I'm gonna mute
this and see who comes up next cuz I
don't want copyright so that's David oh
no a gambler but I feel like she's like
kind of a pushover
um Oh in the comments below
meanwhile the reality shows I've been on
some people don't know that I actually
lived in the house for a reality show it
actually hint aired on Syfy that's all
I'm gonna say yeah I lived in the house
and everything kinda like this that was
my only reality show spirits where he
like spent the night somewhere but if
you didn't list all the reality shows
I've been on I'll give you a kiss
there's Devin contemplating oh oh I just
I was pausing it to show you his face
and then I lost it okay guys I'm like
blabbin and I want to watch me some big
brother um feeling better
uh I got to work on that room some more
tomorrow which honestly is just one redo
the whole day so I probably won't be
vlogging tomorrow but we will try and
like um soon I just like pick my nose on
camera which is like huh I'm not like a
bit these in my nails but uh yeah okay
guys I'm gonna watch this and I love you
I got I got added this that's kind of
why and these early now because now that
I blogged you know I want to start doing
kind of daily vlogs but I just can't
keep up with that cuz my life something
interesting even today I'm so old though
so I apologize if these vlogs have
become boring I don't know maybe they're
boring let me know if there
like I said they're boring I will only
vlog on days I'm actually doing
something really interesting like
tomorrow is gonna be the most boring day
on planet earth literally me just
organizing my closet which if I film
that and put that up that would be like
literally the most boring walk ever and
since I feel like I already kind of
bored you guys today I feel bad I
apologize um so let me know if this kind
of wants like kind of bored you a little
is but she goes like no one's in them
and I just feel like that can get boring
really fast and I don't want to over
saturate you which you know what I'm
saying but I'm gonna watch it I love Big
Brother I kind of want to Ethan the hell
sandwich didn't really fulfill may not
satisfy me the way I wanted to be
satisfied tonight I know I love you guys
so much thanks brushing cutter rick
moranis by the way people always ask me
what I say and why I say hi to Rick
Moranis hi to Rick Mert hi to Rick
Moranis ha to Rick Moranis auto-reverse
because I love Rick Moranis and just in
case he's watching on the possibility
that he's watching I want him to know
that I'm thinking about him day in and
day out and I love Rick Moranis more
than anything in the world and I would
let him do me in the butt Rick Moranis I
love you I'll be the sexy milf for our
kids so oh yeah my husband Rick Moranis
no big deal
others um so yeah that's what I say and
I say really fast but it's because I'm a
fast talker how - Rick Moranis on songs
I'm here my could system a little bit
better jobs mmm bye guys
