we're on let's show the boobs there we
go
let's I think it I'm engaged
is that my fiancee no um yeah guys I
said yes to getting married can you
believe it can you like actually believe
in getting married like what it happened
so quickly it literally just happened
last night and I wanted to log 3 guys
right away but it was such a special
moment but yeah I feel like the SEPA
is really distracting my cleavage shot
there we go
um so yeah I don't know jelly shells
okay guys you know me tell you guys the
full story here so I know it seems super
sad and you're like Trish I even know
you were dating anybody well I didn't
either you guys always know that I said
like Elvis was the boyfriend in my head
well no longer I see the boyfriend in my
head he is the husband in my bed so not
even joking last night Elvis's ghost
came into my bed and proposed to me and
it was the most fucking romantic thing
ever
I was so flippin excited and yeah now
we're engaged which is pretty flippin
cool um so I decided to lie since
there's a change comin I decided to like
change up my hair um you know and just
live my life and be a little more mature
um by the way the ghost of Elvis is not
in the car right now with me he only
shows himself once in a while um and not
all that often but sometimes he just
shows up and honestly if he was here now
we'd be cruising with the top down um
but instead we're not I'm just cruising
alone so I don't know I think he's at my
house now but unfortunately I don't know
if it'll show up on camera and I know a
lot of you guys probably won't even
believe me but um yeah I don't really
know how the whole sex thing is gonna
work out but I guess we'll figure that
later um but I'm engaged guys it's so
weird it is so weird here I thought this
whole time like oh how am I ever gonna
find somebody and it would just happen
to be a ghost like I always knew Elvis
and I had a connection and like I was
like not even joking like I would had
sex with his dead body but the fact that
I have his ghost now and we're getting
married is flippin OH
okay I just got to like it's like little
adjustment when you have big boobs just
so many problems but yeah so I hope you
guys are happy for me I like I know it's
like really sudden I know it's like
really weird to like be marrying like a
ghost but I think it would happen to you
and if you actually felt what I felt in
the bed it was really intense
so I don't know I'm excited guys but
yeah there's the ring um oh I'm driving
now um yeah so I don't know he was cool
with me like talking about it on YouTube
and stuff like I said I just don't think
that you'll actually be able to see him
but tomato tomahto like it really
doesn't matter as long as there's love
there and I felt the connection I always
felt the connection with him and it just
feels really really cool so I'm engaged
and I thought I tell you guys sorry this
vlog is so short but I just wanted to
spill the beans to you guys so yeah and
I posted in my hair thing like a short
little clip of it but what do we think
of it is a weird have like no sentience
in my year new chapter my life nutrish
