okay so I just I'll show you guys make
sure you situation we have about two
more miles to go to cheesecake pack
three and my shit broke basically I was
trying to get this you going this to fix
so Shane took off his sock to Gibson
poopy that's honestly I should never use
human calm
I don't know literally though these
channels they're my favorite sandals and
they broke but it's worth of July I
haven't walked all day but I had to vlog
this because I feel so stupid right now
and I felt so bad because I'm throwing
them all down you what you operate me
shoe tell them fine save the day
machine did semi so alright let's
reenact this so I'm like walking and
talking in and oh I like now you broken
foot oh you can put by the way I've
fallen before with them so it's not like
it's like unusual coming home and I
realize this she was broke into machines
like let me try and fix it so she tried
to like text and didn't work and he's
like just eat my shoe fits my Shane's
gonna be too big and you're gonna look
stupid because you're me like a hobo but
it's like Cinderella though oh my god
except except no but it kind of was you
didn't try to save the day and then use
a cup of my sock in the machine do a
foot fungus and he's like no I'm really
clean and shower today oh so now I'm
wearing Shane stop but I just feel like
brows not that your girls I just feel
gross but that was always do wo thanks I
think
I don't try to be ungrateful bitch but
anyways so we're walking to Cheesecake
Factory and of course Metro buzz let's
dine out of course right I started
walking a while this is a great channel
Trish's life just life right now I'm
like a hobo I know she am I don't like
let me into Cheesecake Factory with a
stop because I just tell them your
situation though I'm definitely gonna
walk in so mean I'm by the way we were
walking wet like five miles way by the
way to check me out on youtube.com slash
shame shame
eight I love it this one we got I was
being a bitch earlier rape your food
that's what I was afraid of either
broken my foot they look stupid in this
pink eye in stock anyways okay I'm gonna
go cuz gonna die but how to run your
antics and then still next I know I can
tomorrow make videos yeah bye guys
