okay guys I seriously think I have a
problem these things that I just found
at CVS while I was just waiting around
for some medication um are so very good
like these are soda ting literally ate
me for breakfast this morning
oh my periods coming like literally
tomorrow and I rave chocolate and bad
food so much find your passion try well
my passion is video blogging blogging
that's sounding like an old person who
says I like to video blog um so that's
our the peanut butter ones mmm so so
good
I just want to finish chewing so I
didn't totally gross you guys out I just
love those chocolates so much um but
yeah I've had a really crappy morning
this morning guys like not gonna lie
like this morning has been ah these past
like six weeks there is something about
summer which I normally I think I've
always hated summer it's just things
don't seem like they flow during the
summer time summer months for me I don't
know that's because of my fines I don't
know what it is but in the summertime
things just don't really go great for me
I don't know what it is literally the
past like four years all summers have
been awful and then when I was little my
summers were always really awful too so
I don't know man I think I'm just like
cursed or something but I'm trying to
get out of this funk I'm doing a shoot
today for the game show networks YouTube
channel door 3 where I host expert on
it's for Lauren's show that she has on
there and I'm totally blanking the name
right now I can't think of the name
right now but I will get the name for
you guys and let you know but I'm gonna
go shoot an episode of that I've been a
speech that I said just a casual so I'm
pretty casual today no I mean I have
makeup but it's like light makeup for me
so I don't know I'm gonna do that I
think I just want to go to like the
movies and chill I don't know what your
guys's happy places or safe place what
might have we play a / safe place is the
movies I know quite a fits out because
it's 4th of July weekend so I know our
movies came out because
Wow off and what-have-you which actually
they might be crowded today but I don't
know I'm gonna try and do that and I
don't know go grocery shopping I thought
it'd bring guys around with me and you
guys you want to know something why I
bring you I like to bring you guys
around with me why I like should vlog so
much like my daily life especially on
this channel is because I don't have
someone that I regularly do stuff with
and it's usually just me but it's always
been like that it's not like something
oh I go bad for you like it's always
kind of just been like that so I'm just
like really used to it but ever since I
started vlogging and daily and my daily
life sort of thing it just makes me feel
like I have a friend - I know that
sounds so weird but I I don't know like
if I'm getting bored in the car I like
to talk to you guys I don't know it's
just like it's like having a friend I
don't know if that makes sense because I
do talk to myself and I've always talked
to myself believe it or not so anyways
I'm not sure you bring those candies
with me to the movies you guys seriously
I know I've been complaining about my
weight gain and I need to get under
control but that day and not today and
that day will be after this weekend cuz
it is fourth of July weekend and I mean
there's just a lot of food happening
this weekend so c'est la vie I know
that's just what it is there's someone
who comments in my comments I guess
she's a youtuber some banana chick who
always tells me how gross my food is
that I'm eating a breakfast out my mom
last week and shows that breakfast is
awful for you it's like yes did I ask
anyone to be like oh is this okay is
this what I should eat today no like I'm
an adult like it's weird and I feel like
if someone truly cares about my health
the way she said she does she would like
private message me not youtube comment
first vlog and my convertible which when
you have convertibles everybody stares
at you so it makes it even more awkward
to vlog but I love it I have a serious
radio in here
just saying Elvis station all the time
alright on the way to shoot we're
driving and you can found a safer place
to vlog hear me
at least have a safe place to blog where
my tops at we in Venice Venice Beach
California very touristy over here I
don't love it where that reason beaches
that way but it's let me turn right on
Pacific because I don't know and I
convertible I feel like in a city and
city of them and gape on rock in every
in their short shorts except for me
because I ate 500 of pieces of chocolate
this morning
how many homeless people here I even
trust my car in this area I was a grad
literally just literally I feel like
this guy's gonna like help me as soon as
I get out I'm not even exaggerating
anyways
Mordor to support well there's Danny
surname I think I see I have no idea
what the point of washing my hair was
today because basically was so windy out
here that I had to just put it up it
makes us look so crazy uh the bad part
of having broken hair and extensions so
anyways we just wrapped it was super
fine it was called the dirty mind
challenge with Lauren and it was a
really really fun actually
so anyways this is actually we walked a
little didn't we
Venice Beach is very dirty brushy so you
come here don't like these things I
literally look like a homeless person
today because - my lubed on it's just so
trashy and gross but anyways that is
Beach very crowded it is July 2nd so the
beginning of the holiday weekend
everyone's just here for the summer
honestly guys it's time to California
don't come to Venice Beach during the
summer it is literally the worst thing
ever so many people but anyways Jessi of
dirt my challenge outdoor three more in
so great Ruby so great how people over
there I'm actually kind of in a hurry
has only put 30 minutes on my
and I think you're there for 45 minutes
so crossing my fingers I don't have a
ticket would that be my luck new car
there's parking enforcement people new
car in a ticket probably wouldn't be my
luck but we really positive positive
thinking and pray that the person gods
are in my favorite gosh you guys I want
to cry right now I'm so frickin sad I
got a ticket and it's okay excuse me is
okay that I didn't get a ticket but
literally I'm gonna show you guys it's
literally five minutes I don't even see
but it literally expired five minutes
and the reason I was freaking five
minutes late is because there's this
stupid a skateboarder here that was like
trying to be cool and like going you
know swerving on the sidewalk and you
know I didn't know which way he was
going cuz he was for me and he was going
so fast so I'm like okay I'm just gonna
stick to the right he's gonna see me
mocking the right he's gonna swerve to
the left if he sees me but no he decided
and sups keep swerving back and forth
like he was doing he's decided to keep
going straight on the right side to
literally crash into me he crashed his
skateboard and his body into me it was
so gross he was like a homeless person
and I like wanna cry right now but I'm
like not going to I'm like so upset and
when the fact I got a ticket because I
like was just I was just so upset by the
whole thing and it's just it's so oh
it's been so annoying and the fact that
I just got a ticket is just been awful
so I'm so mad right now oh this is why I
hate coming to Venice or anything
touristy and I didn't have any oh my god
I didn't have any more quarters
otherwise I would usually put more than
enough in it just oh it makes me so sad
I just uh got a ticket on my new car
ready that's just that's just wonderful
so so Sam but anyways I'm in check movie
times I need to go to the movies after a
day like today the morning was awful the
shoot was fun now I was awful it doesn't
really sad and I feel like a sting and
um just
just everything but anyways all right
guys
not a good day not a good day
hey guys so today could have turned
around for me a little bit right at that
parking lot I put my top down to drive
and this homeless kid he was very young
like 18 very dirty and he you know was
asking for dollar as I had seen him and
he came and asked me for a dollar and I
you know my dad always told me to give a
dollar to homeless people because they
could be Jesus in this guy's you don't
know I mean don't you know even if they
go and spend it on beer or whatever at
least you if it was Jesus you didn't
miss an opportunity to help him out or
you know whatever that sign was and it
just made me feel like you said you know
a nice car and stuff and I was just like
you know all he had was a 20 and I gave
it to him and he said god bless and I
mean we felt really good and it it
struck something in me as if like God
was saying like Trisha you're
complaining about getting a $63 parking
ticket and some guy that ran into you
that didn't even like hurt you you're
alive you're driving a nice car you have
food you have water you're not begging
people on the streets for money anymore
and it just was like a nice reminder so
I mean it's not gonna get loud again cuz
I'm driving but
and I wasn't making this video to be
like oh I gave money to like a homeless
person like you always just give a
dollar but you know Holly had was 20 but
I just felt bad he's like I just need a
dollar for water and then he was so
excited about the 20 and then he then he
says God bless and I just it really made
me happy that he that he said that
little extra god bless so anyways um
there is a movie starting buckets would
have it in 20 minutes and there's two
starting there's Jersey Boys and there's
Tammy and Tammy's new and Jersey Boys is
not so new I don't know which one I want
to see maybe Tammy I didn't feel like it
looks bad I don't even know what it's
about I feel like it doesn't look good
but anyways I'm gonna stop vlogging but
I just so loud so I decided to see tme
um I might tell minutes late but oh well
by the way I know someone's gonna be
commenting I don't have a skin disease I
have a spray tan fading off so spray tan
everywhere
hi I'm excited I want to see a comedy
I'm just like chillin like right I'm in
this place I'm gonna miss previews yeah
better get some up gone just one of
those days we just need moon popcorn
popper makes everything better
it's a seriously previous back your me
it seriously people give them over
everything it's like I've been except
with these tools
and it reminds me of scream and he was
like standing on the tween she's got a
guy here
they say like I'm gonna get killed and
then when we get her bathroom it's so
creepy
anyway new he's still going on is really
her go to bathroom it's really not that
good anyways but kind of it cuz I said
oh my god I'm gonna miss something
then I knew I'd like be sad but I did a
horror movie
he just got in this game hello
just said out of the movie and I should
keep my Instagram and that this picture
has 20,000 likes but when I posted this
morning has 20,000 619 lights which is a
lot for me on Instagram
sorry Isaiah text um that's it a lot for
me usually I only I only get like maybe
you know nine thousand ten thousand less
than twenty thousand likes
y'all are like in the fresh face Trish
by the way everyone some people were
saying that my arm looks photoshopped in
that picture it was just a really
flattering ankle I put some of my bat
behind I'll show you guys what I did
when I get the card I just put some my
fat behind and it pulls and yeah um
moving up better dan aykroyd Gary Cole
where the Chi redeeming qualities and I
like Melissa McCarthy and Susan Sarandon
I think they're very funny but just not
a good not a good script but
I know I just didn't love it it's
actually kind of awful but it was good
it was like entertainment for you know
what it was um so Hercules was command
really excited about that I love the
rock and then Susan Sarandon had a
moment where she flashed her boobs but
didn't actually flash her boobs
it's very bright now I need to plan and
wash down the shades it wasn't for now
um where she flashed her boobs so funny
when you plant sunglasses sometimes you
think like nobody can see you
what's that movie where he puts on
sunglasses Oh Big Daddy and he's like
now no one can see me because I'm
invisible Tenet I feel it was just kind
of nice um I probably had something very
wrong I was saying and clearly it wasn't
the crown at all but
- what was I saying I'm gonna kick
myself um it was entertaining good got
my mind up things and I gotta go to the
grocery store don't work out tomorrow I
won't work out today was getting late
you play when I get my wall work out but
I'm gonna I like edit this footage of me
that's what I wanted to say right there
put my sunglasses on
anyways thanks guys for talking with me
as you come out of the movie oh well oh
oh I know Susan Sarandon she had a thing
where she was slashing her she was
smashing her boobs they didn't shower
boobs and like I could open the boob
double I just want to like splash my
boobs in a movie I don't saying is that
too much Spring Break I don't know I
just always wanted to be that girl that
it's to flash her boobs even if you
don't if you don't see me at his with my
boobs to be see he was so weird that I
always want to show everyone my boobs
even if nobody wants to see it on my
Instagram post I posted I feel so good
about the job done a lot of you guys
come into that you guys noticed that I
got the blush Sony's that I wanted in a
vlog I posted on accidentally post on my
main channel I really didn't mean to
post my main channels I didn't think it
was that great of a vlog oh it's kind of
I have a second channel the folks what I
thought many ways even was all that
great um I had gotten the red Sony's by
accident the red Slean sorry someone
said Sony's and I'm saying Sony's I
gotten the red at once but I ended up
getting the flesh here
I like the red ones too I still I still
have the red ones and actually a bigger
on me and I like the red ones but I've
easier the color I want
not to mention that yeah I think ready
to throughout the movie and I'm gonna
have to edit this and probably want me
to get groceries and probably have to
put my truck thing up so I don't think
the chops can go down so I'll probably
be able to talk to guys better but the
end of the state it's kind of experiment
to see if I stand here me at all or it's
just too windy and noisy which I'm
thinking it's gonna be too Indian I
apologize but just somebody else's hump
down a left walk with you guys so
I'm gonna go get groceries now and then
see if my video uploaded YouTube problem
and then I got some bins delivered today
from Target which which is good cuz I'm
redoing my second bedroom to kind of
make it more of a guest bedroom and just
kind of declutter in general so I
haven't been filming in there but
looking for some chip got that's the
fourth of July
having a little breakage library's not a
party literally just me Kate and shame
but I wanted to get cake because the
place we've been going to get cake
Shane's always had been sick after so I
got a cake and cupcakes in cheesecake
not just for me
the stuff is amazing you like to drink
clean water these only have 5 calories
he's just like lemonade and it is
British some really think it's now see I
know what vengeance I like but people
don't usually like the chips out I
usually cuddle clips like barbeque and I
call it a me out but I have some what
they like dip
I don't eat dip but I don't know what
kind of dip to get but then I feel like
I could just get I need it and they
would like it like this looks like
something they would eat food ranch dip
I don't know white people love smooth
ranch dip except for me that's clearly
I'm not white at the ranch dip I always
get the one behind I mean I put that one
back too but I'm holding guys right now
okay when I get another and I've never
bought dead in my life but you know I'm
trying to be good hostess friends I want
to hang out with me I want to make them
comfortable at my house my mom always
had snacks for my friends we were always
the cool house my friends I'll be like
coming over cuz we had snacks all your
mom put up snacks the moms for then
these look good to me decision so it's
not this looks amazing a shame
I mean just try one of these I never had
these kind of lunch at length is
actually pretty thirsty it's warm but I
can get alright so now let's find chips
I think just plain chips but I'm gonna
obviously get the chips I like to know
what the refers to a gypsy I think we're
going tells me I don't know how what
there's like it's gonna go because
parking at my house is gonna be really
crazy but I guess Alan last year fourth
of July was by myself
Mike shares with my ex-boyfriend for
most of it which was awful ooh these
kind right there skip on the cover I
feel like these are it seminar reduce
bail get original I just gotta get past
to actually want to get some more chips
I mean doubling those isn't this so
exciting this is the real life fuck the
Kardashian this system this is real
fucking reality TV
I want that kind of clip though she
which ones I like I can find him any two
bags of those lists I just leave my
purse way back little smarter a little
bit up there I don't know this just my
trunk very small corner alright stop
that I need a cameraman with me and the
arms getting tired thought let's go
my god
we need gum to stop my love before
become everyone always ask me the gum
and I never have it gum my purse are you
getting too much your hand pasta and
that's it when it comes to grocery
shopping I hate it literally like pasta
that's are good that's what I eat my
dumb doubt I need to cook better did you
need to better but I don't know bus is
not terrible for you I you can clean
most the time sometimes I put a little
cheese on it but that's it guys cut
enough okay don't think the whole cake
situation through this now I have three
cakes to carry out close to bags of
groceries to my house which probably
could have taken me a lot of trips or
one trip that will be it epic fail um
didn't think that all the way through
the disadvantage of being single and
living alone having no one to carry up
your groceries despite uncle grocery
shopping
cuz it's sad and depressing um but
hopefully hopefully the cakes will be
good so I gotta get those home and I
have to death because trunk did not
close and I suspected expected suspected
I guess sort of the same thing um so
that is um and I kind of actually want
to get something to eat
Oh si I don't know if I did uh earlier
this morning I feel like talked about
this because it kind of also put me
about where this money's not the reason
I was having a bad morning but just in
general um my postman who's very sweet
and very nice and we know each other
very well because I always bring me
packages up and he's just like you
always get so much in the mail and I
said I know it just it's complicated and
anyways
he always did think on my walks when I
used to walk and he'll ask me if I
haven't walked and you know I used to be
something yeah been slacking he like
reprimands me if I don't go walk and
like today he's like oh we're gonna go
walk here I just had yeah just so I
don't have to hear this like speech
about how I need to go walking more I
just like yeah and then he's like okay
cuz you've been slacking and I'm like
dude why are you keeping tabs on me why
is it your business if I'm walking or
not you don't need me and like I don't
know it's just I just help me buy a
workout or like go walk hero to the gym
because then they always ask you about
it and then if you're not then you feel
like this big loser and I that was the
one thing I wanted to say is like whose
business is that second all as I was
grocery shopping I thinking oh gosh I
shouldn't have logged this like people
are so gonna judge me because I didn't
get any real food like okay obviously I
mean I don't I don't cook for myself but
when I do alright but how I cook for
myself but when I do you know I get eggs
and protein and yogurt and fruit slices
and you know I was shopping for fourth
of July but it is so stupid cuz the
first thought I was when we got there
and tummy hon healthy I am the frickin
banana chick is gonna get so gross and
that's just like whom he has anyone's
opinion it do you guys ever get tired of
this
like who asked your opinion on my food
and what I workout and if I don't work
out and if I gain weight or lose weight
like who fucking ass anyone's opinion it
is one thing to click on someone like
banana Girls video or something it was
like okay like I want to learn how to
eat raw or something and you're like
going to them for advice but like I
didn't fucking go to her video I don't
even like her she's so boring to
watching it couldn't even force myself
to watch her if I could and but on top
of that it's like okay if I'm sneaking
out okay yeah then give me your advice
or if you're going on a video
specifically saying how to lose weight
or something like if I did videos I
gotta lose weight whatever like then
you're seeking advice but I fucking hate
I don't know what it is I just I hate it
and then guru rapper also this morning
goes no I'm like obsessed with this like
stupid gossip board which honestly it is
fucking stupid and why I'm obsessed with
it it's because I have no life at the
moment which is very sad and pathetic
and my life can be it's like if this is
why I just need another hobby and need
to keep busy and not read that fucking
shit because it's so stupid so I have a
spray tan coming off right oh by the way
thin arm trick is like if you're on the
couch put your arm fat like that and
that's how you have the thin arm by the
way everyone's like oh my god she's
pushed off I don't know how to fucking
Photoshop I don't know my abs yeah I
didn't blow job but I didn't
dinner looking just by going like this
you know yep at the time um and then
they said oh sure she has diabetes
because of my skin condition which is
fucking a spray tan I don't know what it
is about this world that there were so
there other people are so consumed in
other people's lives
I don't know what it is like you don't
even mean like I get the fascination
with being in other people's lives like
I obviously watch daily vloggers I get
it and I love it again they don't get
the fascination with being negative
towards people for living their life you
know yeah I put my shit out there on the
internet and yeah you can comment but
some people are just fucking downright
nasty and rude and I don't get that
fascination with like bringing people
down I don't know I don't I don't
understand it because as much as I'll
watch people I dislike because yeah it's
fun but I'm not gonna go like trash them
in their comments section or trash them
on the internet because one I have a
fucking life I don't need to spend my
days in time doing that that's like even
though I have plenty of time to do that
like that's still just a waste of
fucking time and to like words hurt like
everyone's a fucking person if you don't
like the way someone's living their life
you know watch in silence if you're
gonna watch them to like make fun of
them in your own like don't love yous
anything at all I want youtubers who I
don't like but I'm not gonna be like you
should kill yourself like you don't I
mean like but not what's the point you
know what I mean it's like okay if it's
if it's if it's what you do to indulge
what does that hold like your I don't
even know guilty pleasure that's it if
it's your guilty pleasure to indulge in
someone who makes you upset
okay fine but like don't be so fucking
nasty about it what are these cakes to
Dover that would be so perfect right
yeah Bob um that was another thing I
have so much it's like I got a rant you
guys I just always had these thoughts in
my head like literally my thoughts are
always going like 30 minutes 30 miles a
minute 30 thoughts a minute I don't know
um the other thing is when I was
watching the movie okay I'm gonna
thankful Insel karthi dancer I saw that
Tammy movie J I'm a big loss McCracken I
think she's absolutely beautiful Ashley
I cuz okay why is it actually it's cuz
you know being that large I wouldn't
feel comfortable in my own body she's
obviously quite a bit larger even though
no pictures really tend to him sir size
it like she's okay whatever is gonna be
like nasty okay that's not because I
know it's not true um so why is it
actually I didn't mean it like gross
uprising Lee but kind of surprisingly
because if I was that thing I don't know
if I feel confident however when I watch
her and I look at her there is something
incredibly sexy about her so I don't
know maybe I don't know I think for me
personally like because even now like I
said this is like the happiest I've been
probably ever in my life and I know my
boobs way you know I have fake boobs now
so I have to always keep that to
consideration because I know they weigh
like 20 pounds having said that I am
heavier than I would like to be so I'm
just saying it this way I feel almost a
little uncomfortable just because I
gained about 15 pounds in the past month
so I feel a little uncomfortable if I
was about 20 pounds lighter that's my my
sexy range for me so anyways that was
the whole tan to get around to this
point that I'm making which is I don't
like the fact that one they always bring
up her weight
I won't there's a commis broiler at the
end where you know one of the characters
masher because if we're waiting caller
fat loser just I don't like that that
always has to be brought up with the
character she plays and on that note
she's such a good agree actress why she
always playing the same characters the
movies all kind of bombed she did the
other one called identity thief or
something with Jason Bateman where she
played almost the exact same character
hangover she played the exact same
character always been the same character
so on Mike and Molly she plays a very
different character who's like kind of
has it together and she's pretty on a
show but I don't know why in movies they
always want to make her this fat ugly
piece of shit which is basically what
she is in this movie and it's just I
don't know I don't know why they do that
it just it bothers me it bothers me
because someone like Melissa McCarthy or
rebel Wilson for that matter could be
you know portrayed as someone desirable
and someone sexy and being larger
without having to be bashed as like a
loser or a piece of a piece of shit you
know no I just it just bothers me I've
done a million you know wanted videos on
it yeah I'm not saying glorify that but
you know people are overweight I'm
overweight you know and for the time
being when they want to change being
overweight or you're comfortable being
overweight which for the record I'm not
the perfect example of being completely
comfortable with my body I'm always
struggling like to keep my weight off
and to keep my weight down because if I
didn't think about it I would be like
400 pounds and I would have felt
comfortable in my own skin so that's
that's where I'm kind of like I know it
could come across as hypocritical I know
a lot of people say that like you're
such a hypocrite so you love your body
and then you want to go on a tie it's
just it's I'm a human being I have
conflicting emotions all the time as a
human being having said that I do know
quite a few large people I have a lot of
large people my family that are fine or
happy being they don't ever complain
about it they member on a diet they
they're they're comfortable as far as I
can tell they don't ever complain so
I've always just assume that they're
comfortable
I'm sure there's a lot of people
genuinely comfortable with it like I
said I'm generally comfortable being
curvy and thicker I like that look
my ballet gains a lot of weight and when
my belly is as big as it is now I don't
feel comfortable cuz even sitting now I
can just feel this belly like it's kind
of difficult for me to breathe which
that's becomes a problem and that's what
I have to work on so I don't know that's
just my little spiel but I don't know I
just so many rap today don't I of hammer
I like turn and turn you off
by the way a lot of you guys Instagram
wondering whether showing you guys
personal but I wanted to show that I do
to help me stuff Matt but I do go to
church during meditation I can really be
out in one with God I mean obviously in
this home it's very one-on-one but just
out here it's just really really nice
and really peaceful and I really like it
so I don't know
I guess I just the felt compelled to
take you out here today I'm not really
sure why but you know just go and like I
said do something for your body in your
mind and even if you don't have a notion
to walk by you know just going outside
and walk where my dad was he doesn't
know the desert and we always wanted
really cool like biking paths
he passed along Gorky lips oh they're
out there you know if you're outside and
walking with God it's a good thing you
know
hey guys I'm gonna make my way home and
I want end this book on a really
positive fun note you know I want to end
it right here and not fall into the
ocean
you guys are worth something in this
world you are not here by mistake if
you've made it this far in life you keep
going because life is beautiful every
moment can change any moment to change
your life any day to change like your
life can change in an instant
your life is going to change you are
here I'm figuring it out because I was
like why my hair you know to show that
life is not perfect but you keep going
that you can achieve your dreams
you know when I was in high school I
said I wanted to be in the entertainment
industry and my guys have to like
literally like laughed at me and tell me
that's the stupidest thing she's ever
heard and to find a new career path but
I didn't wanna give up on it and when I
kept up in my dreams you know and Here I
am entertaining you guys and it's the
coolest job and dream ever we didn't
there wasn't YouTube when I was in high
school so that's a I'm groping each
other but it's just crazy how this all
turned out and just don't ever give up
on life and yourself and even though you
may not think you have a purpose you do
no matter how big or small you know I'm
just have this very small little section
here on the Internet
but even small people I can touch if I
can touch one two three four five lives
you know if I can help why is it anyway
girls who are struggling with body
acceptance us on me today I was
struggling with my own body acceptance
and my eating and know what you could
only control what you can control
yeah it's weird today and I had
chocolates in the morning and popcorn at
the movies and but you know you can
change that around
I wasn't feeling great and I said you
know what church like you don't have to
wait remember I said earlier in this
walk I believe was today I said earlier
I'm gonna show you one day five baths
that we get but no I saw two days to get
my workout in I can get my working out
fourth of July so if they do eat bad I
can list balance it with this but you
don't honestly coming out here getting
out of here for a walk not wanna eat
anything I just want to go home now need
some eggs or something good for my body
no you could be changing some lives one
day and you you don't even know it could
just be your own kids maybe you're here
to bring a child onto this earth if
maybe you're here to
you know whatever your job is if you're
a nurse take care of the elderly at you
you know even if you're a garbage truck
man you know you can be changing
someone's life you just teach them no
don't know what what you have in store
and you don't know what's around the
next day you guys literally anyone can
achieve their dreams I promise you
anyone can that's not anything if you
just put your mind to it just cheat your
dreams my one of my keys to what I'm
doing right now is there was no it
wasn't and I think that's very special
to me it's very sacred to me this gives
me a lot of peace that I don't want to
stress or trauma associated with it so
the fact that feds are here with me
special I'm just saying and the fact
that you I spent the whole day with me
guys by myself the whole day and the
fact that you guys were kind of with me
through it all and
allow me to talk with you I kind of
talked at you but you know when you guys
tweet me and you guys talk back with me
I kind of do feel like I'm talking with
somebody and it looks weird but I'm
gonna go ahead and go back because I
want to end this on a really positive
spirit of noting there's no mood for a
beautiful place to end this so I love
you guys so much thanks for watching how
to written Ranas guys
