hey guys so um I look so great again
this morning so I am getting my hair and
makeup done I'm doing a little bit of a
trial run um I'm going to be doing my
fifth book cover shoot is so crazy
within a couple of weeks on gotta let my
hair grow a little and I'm going at my
hair bleached out and then I got to get
the outfit around and just I have to
like schedule out the date think of the
concept figure out what we're doing and
all that stuff but um so I have uh Jorge
and Francisco as you guys know who do my
hair makeup all the time coming over so
I'm kind of just like chillin waiting
for them my shower and my shower was so
cold this morning there is nothing for
us honestly we take I think we take warm
showers for granted really redo because
there is nothing worse than waking up
and not having your hot water work and
like taking a freezing cold shower I
felt it was unfair factor I know I'm
aging myself a little but it was pretty
cool bye bye guys I keep tellin tweeted
me this point I kind of I kind of know
that the understanding of the word
fangirl because uh yeah
orchid L&D I'll see that I don't even
know if we can see it but he'd be too
mean we're pretty much in love now just
saying uh I'm kind of this weird
obsession with rickey dillion I have an
unhealthy obsession but whatever
by the way Jessie made a phone case
available now it should Peter Scott's
pressure calm by the way other thing I
wanted to say guys I'm like a fish so
I've been like hone struggling with
eating lately because I've been in this
whole month of June has been completely
stressful and when I get stressed out I
eat a lot so I'm trying to like get it
under control now because literally this
whole month I probably gained like at
least 12 pounds this month with just out
good in a month at all um so I'm trying
to like get into my healthier habits
it's hard to like once you're just used
to eating whatever you want whenever you
want I'm just so now I'm like starting
which is only drinking water I drink
like one of these a day um this was what
was left over from yesterday so I'm
gonna finish that and then I'm gonna try
and rig another one of these today um I
just feel like my skin's getting clearer
because of it and all that stuff oh by
the way guys look at those trolls do you
guys see those little treasure trolls
over there yeah someone
made a Trish control because they said
my hair was crazy like that and I made a
troll face in one of my videos like mmm
and so they they photoshopped it on a
troll and now I'm kind of obsessed
treasurer trolls and since I'm kind of a
troll on YouTube even though I haven't
told Lady um I thought I would um get
some trolls because I like them so yeah
just chillin just waiting I don't know
guys I mean it's like these guys are
like miracle workers because like mate
oh wait first my hair's wrecked but
maybe this isn't like terrible but we're
gonna try really really heavy makeup
like a very only love Kim Kardashian but
I do think she's very pretty
so there's a picture of Kim Kardashian I
sent to them which I kind of want to do
for the cover of my um the cover of my
book and it's something like this pretty
dramatic so we'll see how well that all
plays out but um like I said I'll
probably in a couple weeks but I'm not
going to give you guys any hints yet
what my book is about uh but it's uh I
can't get you in hence I came to be any
hints but it's going to come out in
September so watch out for that and I'm
gonna make some tea actually I'm gonna
have some tea tea and water gotta get
some fresh fruit today too
oh my goodness gracious because she just
had like two protein bars which is like
not the greatest for you when you're
just when you're dieting because - I'm
just plopping at this point oh okay so
this is halfway through hair and makeup
got my curls pinned up he's a
Francisco's gonna put his little piece
in but it's like a secret little piece
it's like I should I showed you guys it
before but I'll show you again but he
puts it in and it's gonna look so good
it's the secret to my big hair he makes
him costume so follow him on Instagram
if you want a little bit and then I got
Jorge hi you guys really get Kim
Kardashian look today so see how it goes
this is the after I love it we're just
going to go with a red lip for my actual
and cover shoot when the day comes which
will be I think next week we're gonna do
it but I wanted to just try out the hair
and makeup especially since the eye
makeup is so heavy and dramatic I really
wanted to make sure that I was gonna
like it it was gonna look good on the
photo but I think it will it
photographed really nicely we did a
couple test pictures just on Instagram
and it seemed to come out in photographs
really nice um and I think I like the
hair happening what do you think I used
to always hate my hair off my forehead
because I have such a look or pulled
away from my face cuz has such a big
forehead but I kind of I kind of love it
what do you think I don't know I think
it's gorgeous I think it's flawless I
know it's like very dramatic but I think
if you guys understood the book a little
better you would kind of know it's not a
fiction but it's also not a nonfiction
it's it's something completely different
so it's kind of hard to picture this
whole image but I think it's kind of
good I don't know I thought I'd show you
guys I mean I'm in love with Jorge and
Francisco every time they do my hair and
makeup I just feel so just fabulous I
mean literally like what am I gonna do
being this fabulous today it's like oh
let me just go to Starbucks in the
grocery store like this like what do you
do dressed like this um no I'm actually
gonna be filming um another episode of
sexpert today and I'll show you guys
that I'm going to be in a sexy nurse's
costume ironically each makes a
different costume but the first week was
a white nurses costume in today it's
gonna be a black nurse's costume and I'm
shooting another episode today and the
first episode actually premiered as I'm
filming this so I film a couple weeks at
a time because they have to go through
approval because it's for another
channel but if you guys haven't seen my
new show door 3 or sexpert on the
channel door 3 I'll link that below
because it just came out today and I
haven't even read the reviews yet
because um I've just been so busy doing
this my hair makeup and then way to
shoot and I'm gonna hopefully read the
reviews and tweet it out and all that
fun stuff but yeah I love it right
really make up transformations are just
crazy I always see the porn stars before
and after girls nobody looks like this
just naturally this is ours and two guys
in three hours later this is what it is
so people in the magazines don't look
like the people in magazines
everything's photoshopped everything's
fake everything takes a lot a lot of
time to make someone look what you see
the final product artisan
or feel bad about yourself because you
guys saw my before looking a little beat
this is this is the after but um either
way you're beautiful I like myself no
makeup - you guys know I blog all the
time I know my gum in the matter it's
like makeup I love it
no makeup I love it love yourself so
this is where I film sex sport I
literally just sit in front of my bad
and I have a camera there and then I
have my um script I wrote it all but I
have to get it approved so um I have
this just for sort of guidelines
um I follows by me so I already done
halfway through I just like to make it
perfect because it is a lot more
professional it's like a game show it's
fun but it's still you know it's not
like my channel where I can just like
spaz out like I got to be with it so um
yeah so I'm shooting actually our fifth
episode today so there's actually I
shouldn't kind of far in advance but not
too far they're just you know what it is
so I've had our district as my set up
pretty pretty simple so I do everyday I
just sit and I fell mat a room by myself
it's very antisocial and very not
exciting but it's fun and it is like the
coolest job ever as though
can't complain so much so that is a wrap
on my sexpert it was a fun I actually
end up doing a promo event for my
channel for sexpert and I actually ended
up being kind of serious it was so it's
fun that's what's a really fun I'm like
light-hearted show but I thought it
would be important to do a little sex
talk on my main channel so if you guys
are subscribed to my main channel um
that should be up maybe in a week or two
weeks three weeks
I don't know whenever it goes up um but
as well as I've taught for my viewers I
know a lot of you are young so I did a
little sex talk but I'm gonna go eat
something I don't learn what I want to
eat let's go let's go have a gander on
what we can eat because I have not eaten
all day and it is now mid-afternoon I'm
actually going to be seeing a man friend
later today which will be exciting so I
don't want to eat too much but just see
what we got my purple shampoo this is
what we use to wash my extension so it
blends a little better um kind of
nervous there's my pal green O's love
palette green oh this is nice this is I
don't really keep a lot of snacks in
here you guys but thing I'm going to
have one of these pine bars these are
pretty bombed these peanut butter and
chocolate crime bars they're pretty
flippin good I love pasta I do eat out a
lot I need to get better
I think we just have one of these I need
to get better food for sure in my life
because I eat out way too much because I
eat red vines and Justins organics I
don't my fridge looks like right now
there is some salad and some vegetables
up there for when I was eating wrong but
my freezer I'm such like a guy pulls in
their frozen vegetables you know me just
really healthy um but yeah I don't know
so I'm gonna go eat when we come back
I'm gonna go eat this little this little
thing so I'm gonna have a kind bar I
wish I was sponsored by these who cycle
through these so much they're so good
they're just nice to have a little snack
um and then I was looking I was showing
my hair and makeup people my Valentino
shoes I'm just up I'm sick my favorite
style shoe ever so gonna eat and then
check some emails should I change out of
this I feel like I should just wear this
whole day change out that and see how
the comments are on my YouTube videos on
a sexpert in YouTube video so yeah I'll
see you sometime I don't know I'm not
doing much day sorry I just kind of
wanted show you makeup transformation
okay hey hey guys so I just was sitting
down and filming some videos are out
there just like a minute ago and I'm
gonna go change atop and film another
video so if you guys don't know I think
you guys do I always talk about this I
film a few videos in a day which I know
a lot of you guys are like oh so we
clean like we don't use film every day
and here's the thing like I basically
film every day because I post seven days
a week on my main channel and I try and
post as much as I can on this channel
this walking channel but some days I do
just sit here on film which is not that
exciting as you asked in town and but
sometimes but I put 7 days a week so to
post everyday CN to edit and upload for
me uploading takes at least 5 hours so
that's five hours right there editing
takes a couple hours to like finalize
start to finish a couple hours so and
then to film you know filming takes like
a good hour depending on your setting up
and your outfit and all that stuff like
that
so I need to film a lot of videos in a
day to keep up because otherwise I would
fall behind and it would stress me out
so if I do ever want to take like a day
off or just you know be relaxed not wear
a makeup or just be relaxed and not be
on camera
I have something to go up for you guys
because I love posting everyday I love
interacting with you guys on comm on
Twitter and YouTube and stuff like that
so I'm gonna go change this outfit and
we will be back with outfit number two
so I just did my naturebox on
saying I unboxed all this stuff and I
just found out I'm going to the movies I
thought I was going to movies early and
then I thought I wasn't and I have so
much achy crap in my thing but I'm gonna
do one more outfit change isn't my
Doctor Who sweater I'm gonna do one more
outfit change because this is gonna go
up tomorrow so you will the n'ajjer
boxing boxing would party be up on the
main channel black I do one more change
and do my June favorites because that
takes a while for me to edit and go
through so I'm gonna do that real quick
and then when I had to the movies ah
we're near the finish line I actually
love making videos I can make videos all
day but I have to be at a movie or have
like an outward castilla hey guys so I
was just taking my hair out and I
thought oh my gosh I should show you
guys my little pet right here we toned
her out today this little baby and this
is my little clip and these are the
Valente rose hair extensions but my
stylish is made it into like one piece
oh it was easy to like throw in and out
and not have to like clip each one
individually nothing that's like
difficult but you know what I mean so I
just got back from seeing Fault in Our
Stars it's like light out but it's like
7 o'clock it's been really light here
and my face is gray saying I take my
makeup off but I wanted to show you guys
the back of my head if I could but I
don't know what you're seeing but if you
can see there's like a braid back here
and that's where we clip um my piece in
there see anything I don't even know but
um anyways I thought I would show you is
that I'm gonna start taking off my
makeup but I'm gonna talk about the
result it wasn't it wasn't good I'll
talk about that when I start to get my
makeup alright guys now we're getting
back to the Trish y'all know one love
so time for the makeup we haven't take
it off makeup together in a long time
are you guys excited I sure AM let's be
real I love getting my makeup done but
girls of the world we can all relate to
one thing we can call each other bitches
and whores and cheat and steal men from
each other and just just be fucking
bitches but we can all relate there are
two things in this world that is so
amazing is the feeling I'm taking your
bra when you come home and the feeling
of shaking off your makeup at the end of
a day and it is so nice so here it goes
we're gonna talk through again have you
guys Misty's toxins I sure did I don't
know sometimes I think they're just so
boring because I do the same thing but I
like to keep my line
should I wear eyelashes for a good four
or five where's so whoa that just
changes the look so dramatic already so
I keep in the mouth a little case right
there he's a great eye lashes to that
Jorge use and try out these cow on DVD
wipes today this is this is a very
exciting I have never tried it out
before but make a voice or makeup voice
aren't they
um so hi you guys BAM this is a dolph
ziggler tank what up dole sent it to me
just just sand throwing that out there
that uh yeah angle Dolph Ziggler so if
you don't know now you know actually I
didn't know who he was until 2012 when
he tweeted me over the Mitt Romney video
I did I was like it's kind of hot
it's kind of in it and you know he could
get it in uh you know what I'm saying I
love Dolph Ziggler I don't have a watch
wrestling so I'm depending if he's out
so how many makeup wipes will it take to
get my makeup off today let's see Oh
movie I saw tonight Fault in Our Stars I
give it a good big fat zero stars
it made me depressed and sad and I
didn't really see the point of making a
movie like that I did not like it I did
not care for the characters and so bad
I'd even care about the characters I was
like oh I bawled it's like not me I
don't know I just feel like there's not
enough character um development in my
end I'm like in the minority minority I
feel like I'm in the minority here on
YouTube for sure but no I don't like it
I want to recommend it alright this is
the first first makeup wipe down let's
work on these eyes usually use my
Bioderma but I spilt the other day and
it completely ran out of it so I'm going
to take this off with a wipe a little
like light what else do we talk about
sad you know what I did a nature box
unboxing which I think you might have
seen by now I'm moving channel if you're
subscribed to my main channel and they
have these jar
almonds in it and they were so yummy
they were dark chocolate almonds they
were so flippin good I had him at the
movies
I didn't even crave the popcorn because
whenever I go to movies on those who
always needs popcorn and to be honest
they were suffice that's ok let's be
honest let's be real real real like I
did once I'm awkward I'm not gonna lie
but I'm trying to just um not lose
weight lose weight that I've gained
because I gained a bunch of weight I
don't know if you guys can tell but I
gained about 12 pounds in the month of
June because once again June has been a
very hard month for me wipe number 2 you
know it's just stress this has literally
been I think I said this before Nvidia
this has literally been the stress most
stressful month I've had in my adult
life for a long time we're just a bunch
of things are coming crashing down
stressful and good a hall at once it's
been it's definitely been a roller
coaster
um this month but I've been feeling
pressures I've been feeling stressed and
so I've been eating that's what I do I'm
an emotional eater I've come to grips
with this so I'm trying now that I'm
kind of finding my way again and um you
know getting back to my normal self I'm
trying to kind of keep my weight under
control because I I do gain weight
really quickly
um and I obviously I struggled my weight
and I have weight issues in my family so
it's just something I gotta watch out
for it's not like I'm like oh my god I
can't be fat that's awful it's like no I
mean I don't want to be 300 pounds you
know that I went feel good but um you
know I feel good at the way I was and I
was starting to catch myself gaining you
know what it was as when I stopped doing
my walk I used to walk I don't know if
you guys knew last year but when I first
met this guy I was doing feted with him
this guy who keeps coming in and out of
my life bro so I am still so in fact to
me with him I was so infatuated with him
that I was with walking every day I
wanted to look my best for him and then
things start going bad with that guy and
so therefore I started feeling like let
a muscle go and it's like so silly you
shouldn't have a guy and right now I
don't really have a man in my life I
mean I kind of missing people but I'm
doing this for myself and that's really
the key to success so bite number three
down so it's VidCon this weekend I miss
Oh huh well friends are all down it at
VidCon and I'm just here I don't go to
VidCon for a couple reasons one I'm
never invited nobody really cares and
and two I don't belong there I'm not
stick probably in my head and probably
not true at all but it's like no issues
with the YouTube community and I use
that term loosely I feel like it's very
high school so I try to avoid it
I just want to always meet you guys but
becomes ridiculous
this is wife number what is this for
real not for you know VidCon is just
ridiculous for prices and you have to
pay like a hundred bucks just for like a
ticket for one day or $500 for like a
weekend pass or something and I just
know that's so crazy yeah I'm gonna
we're gonna meet you guys in the streets
of New York like I did last year or I
just had to meet up in Times Square just
like a cheap plate you know in freeways
you know I just think that's really that
blemish on my thing but I don't know
just me but get all that makeup off oh I
kind of did actually uh not gonna lie I
love having a ton of makeup and I love
getting my makeup done but nothing beats
this white number five and I actually
just saw Maya tart fresh eyes back here
which I should have used to take off my
makeup my eye makeup rather so let's
take off some my makeup lip please one
thing I'm terrible if you guys can tell
my eye makeup is really hard to get off
because I well especially today but I do
try line it normally myself too it's
always super hard to get in there that's
why I like the Bioderma stuff but but
it's okay this stuff kind of comes off
anyways on its own this does hurt um
fresh eyes smells really really good
I don't want much to say like I'm sorry
usually have a little inspirational
ending to my lungs but not to time and
so I like this makeup like I said I'm
testing it out for this book cover shoot
that I'm doing in a couple of weeks and
then once I do that I'm actually getting
new extensions in a shorter length which
is going to be interesting because it's
going to be a lot shorter and different
and for me so we'll see how that goes so
these count us all compasses one so what
do we have five wipes in total it's not
bad huh
that's gonna be a lot my mouth guys
washing face is simple take a little
breather like I said it's light out
which makes me feel like I should be
doing more tonight but I'm kind of just
pooped so I'm just gonna chill and watch
TV which I wish you quit guys come chill
watch TV with me my couch but to record
it would be so boring and just literally
be me like this is how I watch TV guys
ready we're gonna pretend were on the
Contra now I like no expression I've
been told this by my family when I'm
actually ahead like no expression I
don't I hate talking during shows I
wanna oh big breath I wish you guys I
really wish you guys can watch TV with
you we get this ticket and just stare
but don't talk during TV just I will cut
a bitch I love you guys so much thanks
for watching this long scoop I'm just
tell you that my mom mustache wax little
annoying
look I build blemish kill no hair here
yeah cheese look how shocked and so PE
just kidding I love you guys so much
thanks for watching Hunter at marinas
and I was like something look at this
woman hmm
bye guys
