you guys good morning I have a bra that
means I have guests coming over which
guest is just a guess because they're
like no group of people that comes over
at one time one thing that I'm looking
at that's so disgusting right on got to
sit in that position to make sure my
guest is not so in that position is this
yes this is should be I'm a patron
whatever it'll get applied to who cares
you're welcome
that is Lube from a ballsack that won't
come up I try to use that wool light if
you guys know of anything that will
clean loop off couch or a loop stain let
me know but I think that's pretty much
there which is why I need to get my pink
couch he's a mini pink couch by the way
guys got new Christmas decorations but
before I talk about all that because he
is going to be here any minute
there is a youtuber I'm a huge fan of
and I'm super excited to see him at his
name is Shane Dawson and I'm not even
saying that with any I mean obviously
sarcasm because like I you know I'm but
like not yet sir hasn't been that I'm a
huge fan assess with his videos lately I
really haven't seen him in a long time
not a long time a couple months but like
I love him so much and i miss him so
much and I am excited we just get
together and we just like hang out for
like literally like eight to ten hours
just talking and eating and it's
honestly everything okay let me show you
a couple new Christmas decorations
oh that's the looming question by the
way okay so we guys saw my tree now we
have a little nativity scene over here
which lights up and by the way for those
of you who think that my like Jesus
videos or Jesus music or Christian music
I was like plasma so I'm trying to make
fun of it like I'm not at all like I
feel really bad if that's what people
think but people or anything about
anything anyways I know my true
intention my heart like I like having
fun with it and like making it fun
because I think Jesus would be a super
fun time like if I actually when I gets
me and I think he's gonna be a fun time
and he's gonna be understanding
accepting loving and a good time and
that's how I like to portray my Jesus
but anyways Miyoung so then I finally
got the lights in my kitchen rehung okay
so I had the people who clean my house -
he's so sweet I definitely gave him
action ready to help me he um but it is
kind of funny because it's like it goes
from my pink to white to pique but
whatever I like
get it's messy he doesn't go kind of
like me then they hung that Arif wreath
is that a reason it's a wreath then I
always have my bees Christmas lights up
all year round and then I got me a
little mailbox I love these little
things from Target I get any ones every
year I always end up throwing him on
he's got a little pig with a Christmas
hat but I love that and I still haven't
gotten I have another like mini like
three-foot Christmas tree which I would
actually I was gonna go if I'm going off
I was gonna go look in the mail but I
won't be able to do before
um I'm gonna get the sonic thing like I
haven't showed you guys things in a
while for Nintendo switch there's my
halo and the Xbox but yeah super excited
it is the day before my little trip my
little vacay oh I fell over and I'm
really relaxed and calm I'm super
excited just saying with Shane and maybe
eat Chipotle it'd be like we always eat
Chipotle together I feel like he always
has to pull you in his videos so I'm
super stoked so what I am doing and
Justice League comes out tomorrow
obviously you guys will have seen this
and it already put the out but I gotta
go see it this weekend because my
boyfriend's in it obviously hello done
we are going on it by the helicopter to
Santa Barbara tonight for dinner I am so
excited I have this Maryland address on
and now we are just waiting I this is my
first time ever my comfort I'm terrified
masturbate
those things go down yeah so we're gonna
just have some dinner and a fun night
it's a Friday night so they're like why
not let's get a helicopter and go to
Santa Barbara so you get it wait you
think like go up you have to put your
leg up that high
oh yeah oh my gosh how's the game for a
photo of it
I cannot be working
nothing no one ever cares about the
falling star value it but
these other things a shape
yeah
it's purple and pink and there's purple
pink house down there
it looks so sack
alright guys so that was my weekend and
a nutshell I just was tweeting um and
I'm gonna do edit UI as I am going to
have a day of editing today of videos
I'm gonna post this week it is the week
end before Thanksgiving so you guys are
real time with this I'm so excited I had
the I had the best week and I'm like my
life like it was so beautiful I got to
spend it with people I love so much and
I'm like really happy in life right now
like I just like I know when I get alone
when I'm alone for a long period of time
like if I'm alone my house for like five
days I get in this really dark place
which one you shouldn't be alone provide
space in your house it's not good but -
I just really think I need to be around
people more I need to get out more even
if it's just myself and then three when
I am alone I just need to remember that
life is good
like just because I'm alone at the
moment doesn't mean everyone hates me
the world is collapsing like no it's
just I should appreciate that alone time
- which I actually really do like I had
such a good weekend and now I'm like all
snug I'm like all like snug to my bed
with only a little pillow pets and my
oversized unicorn shirt and I'm I'm just
really blessed I'm planning all my
December out I'm going on a few trips in
December like dog deals like booking
booked I just I just am so happy in life
right now I I have like genuinely good
people in my life and and that includes
doctors new friends everyone like you
got a new friend then you know but like
old friends - like you know I see Matt
the way it was Shane this past week
which I don't even blog I you know I I
have a lot I have new friends my life
obviously but and who I love more than
anything but then it you know sometimes
I think I like me and sham it we're just
like the same person and like I don't
know I just I love being around him I
just love and even Wednesday shoot which
we have already seen that vlog last
Wednesday shoot was so great and
productive and like you guys are so
great guys are so supportive I hmm I
read comments
me because I'm like happier in life that
I'm not seeing these negative comments
and maybe they're there I don't know but
I'm just seeing so much more love and
like I just retweeted actually guys you
can go to my Twitter I just retweeted
this kid this boy young man his name
Mikey at the mr. grandi on Twitter and
he sent me this video but it's not
YouTube cuz you if it's on YouTube you
should I can I can get it I can like you
know rip it off Instagram it's so good
it's so good I cannot I can I ever have
a son I hope it's just like him like
he's he's everything with that was do
you see what I'm saying like that like
just was like guys in the cake that like
I went on this like Twitter Rambo not
ran Twitter amazingness because I was
like that just like though my heart was
so much love like I know how hard it is
like write a song and a beat in take
time and do the rhythm and the melody
and all that's like I may have heart my
heart I was looking he's so cute and
just he's him and I just I was I'm just
really really happy I know I look super
crazy but I am just in a good place he
wise I don't know I just and like like I
said maybe I'm just seeing more love
like when I and he'll my god and then we
saw we saw Justice League last night at
the Grove and actually kind of fell
asleep halfway through I loved it though
it was just really real
and we had and we basically got no sleep
the night before I had the longest day
ever and then we went to the movies we
were trying to squeeze everything in
because my friend left her a little
while so we're trying squeeze squeeze
everything him before he wet and we did
we got it but like no sleep so I ended
up falling asleep for half the movie so
I gotta see it again because it was
really good but anyways part of all that
was not about that like we went to grow
and it was so weird like I go out like
people you guys are all so sweet I
always see you guys but there was like
why don't I have together after the
other and was just like all this love
and like even my friend who I was with
he's like wow you're like getting so
much love tonight and it felt it felt so
good like to like it wasn't and I like I
love when anyone comes up and just like
I think I picked her but it was like
love like I could feel a little love
from you guys like there was like it was
excitement like people were so excited
like you don't I mean like some people
come oh I love your videos like hey I
know you or whatever but like three in a
row we're just like super excited like I
love that because that's how I am when I
meet like anyone I watch them didn't
have to be like your favorite people but
anyone I watched I'm like really excited
to meet like I go crazy I get like Donny
Osmond I met him literally like five
thousand times not literally how does
not probably but I'm like literally like
15 times probably and each time I want
to cry I get excited I don't know what
to say like I know the feeling I'm like
when you like just feel like you know
someone or you connect with someone and
like that's why for me and because I'm
on that side of it too like I can feel
it and I can feel it and I love it and I
get really excited and I just I and I
always tell everyone Esther does it when
I meet them or put a picture I'm gonna
take tag me cuz I true you want to
follow them and like I just it's just
it's like a cool connection when you
have that in like real life with someone
and it was it was really cool so anyways
I'm blabbing
I need to edit you guys this vlog oh
we're doing Christmas pajamas numeral my
sister cuz we're spending Christmas
together so we're all getting matching
pajamas and it just sent me the link so
yeah I'm gonna go okay so much shan't we
shock Jani on my son and my stars and
see you guys next video hope you guys
all have a very safe Thanksgiving we get
afraid not to you on this channel
because not drink too much this week I
will be vlogging over the weekend so I
am gonna go visit my family um but yeah
I don't thought you guys have very happy
Thanksgiving um music video will come
out this week before Thanksgiving
for so check that and funny guys
