my room is such a mess but um and then
light I feel like my makeup looks decent
better than what I thought it was but
now I need to pick out a perfume
come-ons letters like minutes away I
don't know what I want to wear but right
now it's between my two current
favorites which is my Escada perfume
which I really like a lot of people come
over and smell this or like I don't
really know about that or this is my
other favorite from all those perfumes I
bought the Daisy by Marc Jacobs which I
think goes with my ELF you know what I'm
I don't think I'm gonna do at the dais
with Marc Jacobs I'll set you down here
are little viewers well fishies about
see
the smells really good guys this is like
oh these two are really good this is
definitely more traditional like you're
gonna like love it and then Scott is
more of a it's not an acquired taste but
just so many people don't like this when
they come over and smell it because you
know when they come over they want to
like write my ghost is back filming my
ghost hates it okay um but yeah I like
the Mark D hip Marc Jacobs dizzy but um
I don't know my makeup doesn't as bad I
was uh me to charge my battery pack oh
gotta go charge it Oh
but mostly it's okay I have another
battery pack already ready charged hey
guys look who's with me
hi mom you've been in a vlog in Ohio no
no no sometimes are cool look who's
wearing the Celine glasses so they saw
those in my last vlog where I'm like are
they first thing on with the color I
wasn't wanted but then they're matching
my mom's as a mom I have perfect
sunglasses for you to wear I know they
are so my mom and I are having like a
mother-daughter day and we're just
figure out what we're doing what are we
doing I don't know um I don't know we're
gonna go eat breakfast right now my mom
my mom bicycle to my house and my mom
was like 20 miles away I was like mom at
more probably at least 20 miles before
tea minute so I couldn't have been was
it 20 it took her a long time she was
really far she bites my hashing I'm
gonna bike that's like it's right by the
ocean so it went fast it was like I
don't know man so we're gonna find
figure out I told my mom about the car I
wanted to get I told you guys about my
last vlog and she um we're gonna go look
at it yeah my mom's like dad you only
live what I love my mom this is why I
love it see how I sometimes we just
don't know
me I have no money so if I haven't it's
like oh I want this once right I'm fine
Yolo you only go around this world once
you know so I do get that and I mean it
you need to buy it if you get the money
that's what I say it is you have no
family jizz you yeah and that's what I'm
that's what that's the whole boil out
you guys don't respond so much like but
it makes me happy like they say work
hard play hard and you don't do sports
you don't you know I don't do anything
yeah I don't they don't even like to
ever layer you should travel I don't
like to travel like internationally like
I don't like foreign countries like I
know that sounds like such an American's
not thing to say but I don't now Spence
Gary hey
I mean traveling rod yeah you could get
like kidnapped like hostile and good
torture or Southern Miss Nick he's over
there we'll see how that way
how many pickpockets repeat right and
pirates and all that other stuff cuz
they're on a foreign crew so huggers I
already never know I know
all right guys how we're gonna go get
some food we'll see what we get in there
so Graham it tell me mama I have a
comment
hey what'd you get for Pocky I just got
crappy coffee but a little espresso with
a little biscuit my mom's like it makes
me so happy and like Joe stuff like that
for me so it is I think asbestos SLC
these are like many feared things I'd
like the moms like you ship a cappuccino
some more coffee oh my God my heart rate
jacked do I dump it in there no you
drink expresso I love them it's when you
everything right now I'm right here why
would your cigars belly so we just got
our breakfast not identical breakfast in
success key that we toast I got white on
I'm applying for position elders react
on you to me I told my mom like you have
to do elders react as if you guys know I
love my brothers and she's she's my
climber you 35 she I'm gonna be 56 the
chairman mom why so um we're gonna eat
but I had a show
my mom
mom she's like multitasking it's such a
fun day when we get together those
yellow gosh that's a healthy chicken
right there it's a convertible and you
guys know I'm not about to be blogging
and driving so I'm at a stoplight
I am safely out of stoplight we're gonna
go get dinner to celebrate because I got
my mama a new car too so so it's and
there's like a nice flat - I can put you
guys when I do feel ready it's just so
weird I just like a little Barbie every
little convertible I'm so excited you
guys oh my gosh I might actually cry I
had a little we were there all day so I
know not much has been happening but oh
so cool I'm so I'm so so happy
ooh blush with the top down or eight or
no
oh so volatile
I feel like a Barbie
this is so weird light deals like buy
one put a sink if you love to be light
come on the price right like stomach I
was so careful driving it was like
losing it over I just absolutely in love
with it
I'm obsessed so I'll show you my mama's
car too but the excited mama yeah so fun
maybe like such a little Barbie honestly
guys then I so bombed they were so
amazing got the car it was an all-day
thing but it was so worth it and I
should show you guys my outfit of the
day
you're all showing it oh yes it's not
Mercedes like material but I just have
jean shorts on Victoria's Secret
flip-flops my t-shirt is from forced
Japan sets red shirt calms like needs a
little pinup
and my bow is from Angie by 4 on Etsy so
when you are in a big deal or anything
but the kappa ordered food and we gotta
go to my mom's i'll see you there my
mama's car guys there's hope and my coke
look at her a little cute she is she's
gonna do a full one on her channel do
you love it and get it
my mama if you ever homeless thank you a
little Fiat like there's Lopez
can I go film her step a little sexy
shoulder action Sonya I thought I would
unshaped flog her on my couch because is
my favorite spot in the house it is the
end of my couch as you can see I've like
one of these little things was actually
a sectional fun little fact it was
actually a sectional like divided into
two sections um I love this couch this
couch was just I needed it in a pinch
I'd custody not long story short I
custom ordered a pink couch it took
forever to get and then once it actually
was supposed to come like after two
months like we didn't want enough fabric
and was going another two months
just give me crushed up this was living
spaces came the same day it was really
nice and I really love this couch um if
I move when I move if I move I will
probably get a new couch couch had
served me good and it's very comfy and
this is my favorite spot in the whole
house and I really like to be here
especially after a day just like to
watch TV or sometimes I get my computer
over here and I just wanted to say like
today was a really cool day I did buy
myself a car which is really cool it's
um each time I've got a new car in my
life I've had four cars in my life each
time has simplified something big and a
big change or big yeah a big change in
my life and so I know I don't share
everything with you guys
surprise shocker I share a lot but I
don't share everything but there are big
changes happening in my life right now
personal changes um internal change is
more so I feel that needs to be
simplified um I don't know I don't know
I don't know where I'm going with this
my head honestly you guys today was such
a long day I when I woke up this morning
I had no intention of buying an a car um
excuse me so I had no intention of
buying a car today um me Mom us-ally
classic yeah like looking when I went to
the Mercedes place the other day I swear
I was not looking for myself
I swear it was a totally different air
and I was on um but I said my mom bought
as like I almost bought a car there
because they were so cool cuz I got that
I had a test drive a car again not for
me but I had test drive a car whatever I
just want to buy one but then I was like
oh no my money and you save it and my
mom's like you only live once Trish
Isaac you're right mom um so it was cool
to get car and it was really exciting
and I'm really grateful and blessed that
I was able to do that but more than that
I was I was really grateful in West buy
my mom a car in fact if I couldn't get
the car for my mom - I wasn't gonna I
wasn't gonna get one for myself
because my mom um we have to our
differences and we have our struggles
even to this day like I have really huge
differences in opinion from her which is
so many huge life things we differ a lot
and and know that our bond isn't as
tight but it's not because she's a
boyfriend and I don't see her as often
but my mom one day I don't question
about my mom ever is her love for me and
the reason I don't question that is
because she has proved that to me from
very early on um she got me my lunch and
my first car my sounds so bad but my dad
got my brother a car when he was 16 and
to get me one because him and my mom
were in this court battle so he's kind
of punishing me by not getting me a car
when I was turning 16 not that every 16
year old deserves a car because they
don't but and you should work for it but
I thought it was unfair that my brother
got a car and I didn't it this is
turning into this whole long saga
long story short again my mom was like
Trish we're gonna get you a car and she
just got me a 2000 it was two thousand
dollars for a 91 Jeep Cherokee which I
actually really really loved
I felt like Johnny Depp in secret window
and that's why I got that car I was
really great my mom just bought that for
me and my mom did not I think that's the
confusion like my dad had money but it
was after they divorced he's oldest
company my mom didn't have any um
minimal child support but uh you know
not a lot
and so she I made the car no thought
that was really cool fast forward two
years and living with my dad and I want
to move to Hollywood I want to quit
college um to Hollywood and of course my
dad's not gonna support me so I had to
be all on my own and I had no money
because I was at Target at the time
so I was barely saving money there and I
had a little bit but my mom basically
got me my Volkswagen Beetle cuz my dad
took away my car that he had got me out
here which you know his product of
whatever and then she actually helped me
cuz I had no credit cuz I was 18 she
helped me get my first apartment in
Hollywood at Hollywood in highland which
was so ghetto but i just she helped me
get it and then not only that but one
times got hard and I had to move back
with my dad but I wanted to come back to
LA my mom moved out here to California
with my sister and then we all live
together in a two-bedroom apartment for
a while while I was stripping and barely
making money there and it was just you
know it was a lot of her always being
there for me and she still is and I know
like I said we have struggles our
relationship is not perfect and I don't
claim I was perfect I battled my mom a
lot when it comes to decisions and stuff
like that but when I was in the hospital
couple weeks ago my friend was out here
visiting and my sister did not want to
stay at the hospital late that night so
she ended up taking my car to take my
friend back to the airport cuz he said
he needed to get back to the airport so
they pretty much like left me I didn't
know where anybody was like is anyone
out there for me the nurse said no it
was really scary and then my sister of
course had the keys to my car and to my
house was like oh my god what am I gonna
do
like if I get out of here tonight or
tomorrow whenever I get out of here I
didn't know what I was gonna do so it's
really scary not having anyone there for
that night but my mom showed up really
late that night right before my phone's
about to die in the hospital cuz I don't
have a charger I called my mom and I
left her voicemail so she can't pick up
and I did not think she was gonna come
um I thought excuse me I thought for
sure like you know she's just out or
sleeping she has a job and what have you
well anyways I think just like little
things like my mom staying with me in
the hospital or my mom coming to at
least see me in the hospital because I
member calling her crying when I was in
the hospital because I at the time I
called her which was my first night in
the hospital I didn't know what anything
I didn't know what was happening I know
I was doing a lot of tests that I never
done before ultrasounds in my legs cat
scans on my chest like just so many
different tests that I've never done
before and I was
was scared nobody is telling me anything
I was really cold I know I was like my
my temperature dropped so low um I was
like I had heart rate monitors on it was
something that I've never had before I
was really really scary and I knew how I
felt I felt like I was having a heart
attack it was just a scary thing and I
and I just couldn't breathe I couldn't
catch my breath even when I was in the
hospital and it was to have you know I
don't know to have someone there for you
I think during that time when it's like
really scary I think it shows loyalty
you know do you mean like my mom when
the chips are down my mom comes through
and I think that's it's most important
family you can argue with your family
even have your differences you can you
know not agree with everything your
family does but if you're if you're just
there for your family like no questions
asked like any time that they're down
the chips are down that's just the most
important you know and like but and it
was a good reminder that my mom is
always there for me cuz sometimes my
mom's never there for me and you can
feel like that especially as an adult
any sometimes you think what childhood
my mom didn't do this for me my mom
wasn't there for me for this or she was
terrible at this but at the end of the
day like I said I think family comes
down to it having that support system
because if you don't have a support
system
it's really really tough and I really
really feel for people who don't have
any sort of family I couldn't imagine my
heart Jenin legals actually to not have
any family because you know it's hard
sometimes being alone you know like
doing this alone this life but I'm not
really alone because when I have gotten
to I have my family my family is very
great even my dad now he was a hard-ass
when I was really young because I wasn't
going down the path he wanted me to go
down or that he thought I should go down
and I went a different path that's more
story of my life like I marched to the
beat of my own drummer and um for that
my dad you know when I butt heads a lot
but my dad now I don't need him
financially which is great because it's
helped our relationship so much where I
can just where we can just be
father/daughter and he's there for me
too and honestly my dad was out of town
when I was in the hospital but he had
called me and he kept calling me
throughout the night my phone was
outside mom call him he's always won and
I'll tell you what my dad sent me in
when I was sick the first time years ago
in 2007 I had a really bad episode at my
apartment my dad came to get me no
questions act took me
Hospital pay all my medical bills paid
my medical busts for years when I
couldn't afford it so my dad has
redeemed himself as well not that he
needed to but I mean my sister you know
that was the days that she broke up with
her boyfriend I was moving in here and
you know needed to get to work so it's
like and I don't blame my sister for
like leaving me the hospital but like
you know I gotta she was tired she was
going through her own stuff so it was
just a bad timing issue and same thing
my friend had to go back to the hospital
you know was at the airport so I don't
know I don't know that was really
long-winded but I just wanted to say
like my mom my heart my family is great
and you got it up like appreciate your
family because trust me I know families
are not perfect firsthand
maybe I'm Lee is like crazy batshit
crazy I don't know there we've got
problems but I love them and I will say
one thing about my family is we're we're
just a tight-knit group
we are just no one's going to let anyone
fall in this family I guarantee that and
that's an awesome gift and I'm very
blessed for that and I'm very blessed
right now where I am in my life and who
knows where my life is going to be crazy
think about my life a changes in an
instant and I'm well aware of that so
I'm very much a live in the moment kind
of person and very much live for the now
because who knows what the future brings
and I think you should live in the now
I saw saying if things are not going
great don't worry it'll change if things
are going awesome don't worry it'll
change like things change if you're
doing really well it's going to change
if you're doing really awful it's going
to change things are always changing in
life so you really got to appreciate
what you have in the now and um
appreciate the times that are good and
really look for those good times and I
don't know you guys I I felt I've been
feeling very motivational
lately I don't know I don't want to do
like a tour or something and I kind of
want to fund it myself like not really
even ask for money I kind of want to
just do like a tour where I talk to
people or schools or I don't know how I
would even go about this I don't know
this is just a thought in my mind it's I
don't want to make money off of it I
want to do something to give back
because I love get I actually love
giving back
materials that things are great to get
but I just I have a lot of love and I
have a lot of I feel like motivation I
don't know you guys I've been so low in
my life but once I started thinking
positive and feeling good and it just
changed my life and I just kind of want
to change other people's lives I don't
know can I do that am I even qualified
to go give speeches at schools I don't
know I don't know how to do that but if
there's any suggestions on how to do
this or make this happen let me know
because I would totally come travel to
see you guys and talk to you guys I
guess you wouldn't talk I don't know I
love meeting you guys too but I want to
give a speech I don't I don't know what
I want to do is probably rambling at
this point I'm sorry um I love you guys
so much I am actually gonna have a day
where I'm like actually made up I just
depend so lazy lately um but that's just
got these shoulders I am NOT whore I
love you guys I really do love you guys
I if you guys can already tell I have a
kind of lonely wife I don't have a ton
of friends and I don't have a boyfriend
and my family's very busy with their
lives and I don't really have people to
talk to so thank you guys for listening
to me it making me feel like I'm being
heard because I read the comments and
the tweets and I feel like I'm actually
being heard and I think that's what most
people want in this life is to feel like
they're being heard you know I feel like
we don't feel and I felt like this too I
always feel like people didn't listen to
me didn't care and a lot of people don't
a lot of people just in wanting out the
other everything everybody's all about
them but um I don't respond to a lot of
YouTube comments I feel like YouTube
comments are very nasty um I I do read
some of them at the beginning they they
start out nice but then I start to
become nasty eh you don't read them
anymore sorry I'm more of a Twitter
person I'm really active on Twitter I
think you respond to most everybody I
see everybody's tweets so if you have a
Twitter tweet me educate us and if you
don't join a Twitter if you don't have
to join it because I am on there a lot
in my belly I am on the egg wash and my
legs I mean Shannon likes to I'm on
there a lot I like to talk to you guys
on there
um cuz you know not this time of night I
get into my bed and I look at Twitter
and I talk to you guys because I don't
have people to talk to so I like to talk
on there
I should YouTube more it just gets
really cruel
I get really nasty comments a lot of my
YouTube friends and also YouTube friends
are like you actually get a lot of heat
like more than most people and I do
understand that I brought it up on
myself when I used to troll a lot back
in my early or my earlier YouTube days
so as you understand I rubbed people the
wrong way and I think even in these
vlogs you guys every the gossip sites
okay I tend to say stuff because I don't
think when I talk so I tend to say stuff
that's very I can be very offensive and
I just it's just me I just have a very
offensive mouth but I really don't mean
it I think genuinely and I hope I don't
know I think it maybe you guys can see
this thing my vlogs maybe not I feel
like deep down I'm a very genuine person
work just really don't want bad things
to happen to anyone I really want good
for everybody and that's the truth
whether you guys want to believe it or
not I think it's cheesy it is cuz I
don't I know what it's like to be sad
lonely depressed angry it's very hard
and I don't wish that on anyone so I um
at the end of the day I generally want
what's best to everybody but I'm sorry
this is so long when I guys I just say I
just love I love talking just I love
talking psycho like I'm being listened I
am being heard um but I love you guys so
much thank you guys for watching I'm not
drunk
okay you know I've been trying to cut
back on drinking too and um I think this
little vlog channel has a lot to do with
it and I'm sorry for flashing guys
Medora this vlog channel has quite a bit
to do with it because I just feel I
don't eat it when I talk to you guys so
there's that if you made it this far
let me know in the comments below I love
you guys so much
god bless you all I mean that and I'm
gonna go ahead and go but I want to say
hi to Rick Moranis and until next time
here my kid sees very little baby
fishies
mmm bye guys
