I just got out of a parking ticket haha
it pays to be pretty ah no I say that
because I'm not normally beautiful what
I'm driving will not this beautiful I
mean it's beautiful you are in them days
right when you're on you're on you to
say I look beautiful today um no I
actually was speeding because I was a
little late or I am a little late I'm
like oh my god
and it's a shoe that I shouldn't really
be late for it's for um game show
network store 3 channel which I think
you may already know this from a main
channel but maybe not if you don't I'm
I'm hosting a show
we're on door 3 called sexpert and so
I'm doing a little cross promotion today
with a really iconic game show host
aiming wink Martindale who actually
interviewed Elvis he hosted Joe Kurzweil
tic-tac-dough we still watches all the
time on TV land and my dad like your
parents probably know who ain't
Martindale is I knew who he was just cuz
like my dad used to show me like his
interviews and old shows that he hosted
he's very iconic very legendary and I
shouldn't really be late I'm not I'm
like oh I'm like five minutes like to go
and I'm probably five minutes away so
I'll like literally be like hit right on
schedule which is not really good you're
supposed to be early rather than late
just in general as a rule of thumb and
then it got pulled over anyways for
speeding so it kind of just Oh
speeding is not worth it because I'm if
you get pulled over you like literally
just lose you're just in the same boat
so I was lucky enough to get out of a
ticket
um oh and I did put a little flirting
skills not gonna even lie you just
sometimes got a flirt a little
and he said that my voice is very nice
and he could tell my sense of urgency
and he said please don't speak because I
wouldn't want a beautiful girl like you
to get her and I was like we saved to
get in an accident I know he's a
beautiful girl I remember that um he was
kind of long - I'm not gonna lie like I
would've been into it but uh yeah that
was it was great so I got a chicken
which is great but I feel like it's
gonna be a good day so it's actually the
afternoon um I filmed the support Hall
which if you guys saw my main channel um
I filmed east of Fort Hall and I didn't
hurry cuz I said I had to go move my car
which I did but I also had to go to a
shoot but I just have a free people
dress on today I actually have a another
little thing a revolver back there
another dress as I call it the revolver
this is from my Princess Pea Trish
collection and it's an evil eye to ward
off negative energy um so yeah oh my god
this person's like which is just staring
at me blog okay like over here so I
don't have to like look that way um I
feel like it's like since I caught my my
camera's like I feel like it's more of a
compact bad news I'm gonna dry before
you another ticket but thank you for not
giving me a ticket officer just be
pretty every time you drive is the moral
that story
guys this is my second outfit we're
shooting in yeah this is such a fun show
Martindale is so cute so fun so be sure
you guys go check out this show this new
show over on door 3 so I'm so excited
but this is makeup fit and finish
getting zipped up but we're gonna shoot
another episode and I'm being quiet and
secretive not that it's a secret but you
guys still waiting to shoot I love my
heavens I just feel like such a game
show like a Vanna White type so much um
got my snap on my water this is such a
fun day I love the show so much links
wife used to take all this
berries we love them getting ready I
think I may try to shoot oh you guys I
has been a day let me tell you it is now
4:30 I'm at 26 beach to me um to meet a
friend slash business partner hopefully
maybe we've worked together before um I
actually met him off match.com years ago
but he's actually legit and super cool
and I'm just posting some shots from the
game show network shoot with week Marty
I don't know if you can see that with
the glare but if you guys want to see
I'll link below my Instagram you can
also check out mine if you don't have
your own Instagram so much reflection
happening I don't know I can't even but
he was so nice week and his wife Sandy
were denied skies they indulged me in my
little Elvis I wanted to know so much
about all this they were just as sweet
as can be
um there's like behind the scenes of it
you
I was so excited for you guys to see it
all it is on going to be on the door
through YouTube channel which is the
YouTube channel Game Show Network and we
he has like a show i have a show coming
up where you might and like I said you
might have already seen its expert so
we're it's fun it's fun he was so
amazing and I was so honored that they
picked me have so many hosts on door 3
and I was so honored that they invited
me to be a co-host with me Martindale
it's like literally it's kind of like
validation um for me because it's he's
such a legit performer he's such Keys
such a legend I like I said I watched
his shows with my dad when I was younger
it was really really cool it was a cool
thing to be invited to be a part of and
I hope you guys watch it it was really
really funny we play a lot of the
traditional YouTube pegs and he's
amazing and like I said look up wait
Martindale see I don't know he was he's
amazing he's on Twitter and Facebook and
I'll link all his stuff below he's
absolutely amazing and so with it so
sweet and charismatic and so handsome so
I loved it um so now I'm going to just
eat I'm starving hopefully kill starving
I hate doing Byzantines and somes like
not hungry and they just like want to
drink something and I'm like I'm
starving so I'm gonna get food um 26
peach fuzzer in Venice area it's on
Washington you would think I see a dress
but it's not so I'm gonna start stop
rambling and TVs inside his pies so I
should be editing but I'm on Twitter
like a little freaking fangirl
waiting for a direct message back from
miss Remy Ashton you guys know I'm
obsessed with this girl named Remy on
YouTube I totally found her raven and
like started stalking her and tweeting
her and mentioning her in all my videos
oh my god I'm so sharing and I take out
my makeup line even makeup up and you'd
add it I need to upload and upload this
I need to edit this I need to edit my
video for tomorrow my main channel but
I'm just waiting dear I want to go
shopping with such a group oh my god
you're what's like three times a day I'm
AG obsessed I check her channel all the
time
I love her I feel like she's like a
little sister to me I have no idea why I
feel this connection to her I love her
it's probably creepy um I'm gonna go at
it actually went to get my makeup off
because I love gurus or and I'm gonna go
at it and then just come back a pattern
chills Oh wash my face feeling so much
better you know I love wear eye makeup I
do and I love wearing makeup all day
a um but there is something so
refreshing what taking off your makeup
at the end of the day and and that's I
mean not to get like all on a speech and
like getting spiritual here but it's
really just that's why you feels
beautiful in my own skin and in my own
face because I feel very refreshed when
my makeup is off I feel like a different
person and I feel like myself I feel
like that's really a beautiful thing I
think I think I love Miami I do love
myself with makeup I think it's very
beautiful when you wear makeup and I
think you feel such girly and and it
just couldn't really give you a
pick-me-up if you're having like an ugly
day or feeling bad about yourself makeup
is great but truly oh did I just change
like yellow to white so beard surely I
think that when you're when you can just
be comfortable on the skin you're in
it's like really a beautiful and
liberating feeling so you guys must feel
on that so this is kind of a part never
show you guys kind of boring because
it's just editing but basically I just
finished editing a vlog as you can see
on the top up here and then this is what
I gotta edit tomorrow I can updates
video sort of thing for my main channel
and so now with two channels I just took
on this massive undertaking of having to
no Domi's the easy part but editing two
videos and uploading two videos is very
challenging especially I have a very
slow internet connection and I have the
fast second get out where I live it's
just slow um I always my little
workstation this is from sparkly instant
cases and then this is from sparkly
instant cases as well it's a little
Ariel coin Bank and there's my costumes
over there so yeah my closets very messy
this has been a disaster area for a
while but I'm just about ready to add it
but what I like to do especially like in
between videos or if I have a really
long video and I get tired of editing I
like to go on youtube and watch some of
my favorite youtubers for inspirations
and remember why I love YouTube so much
so right now I'm watching the challenge
trump channel which is um pink sparkles
and her boyfriend Dalton and they vlog
every day and I find them so
entertaining and so interesting and they
get a lot I hate because they're they
are so different and pink sparkles
especially she's so different on her
vlogging Channel than she's on her main
channel it's refreshing you know she's
completely out there and different and
bizarre which is why I like her pink
sparkle channel but she's she's a little
even more amazing on her vlog I don't
know I I tend to like people's blog
channels a little better I just
subscribe to daily polina which is PB
Bunny 97's of vlog Channel Beauty crash
you just subscribe to her vlog Channel
um and then I was checking the comments
on me in Shane's a sexual candy hall I
posted it today and I saw Casey Holmes
right there um yeah that was really
exciting I was just like oh my goodness
gracious Casey um she used to be it's
blondie and now she's Byrne she has been
the most massive transformation I've
ever seen on YouTube as far as when I
started watching her - now she like
literally went from like a teenager who
I think worked at a tanning salon and
was super tan and like blonde just kind
of like whatever she liked this
sophisticated sassy woman she has
amazing style like I look up to her now
it's like such a weird thing how much
she's changed in a good way so I was
really sad is that comment in fact my
thumbs up my own comment oh yeah they're
good thumbs do do um and I love you guys
asked well who and what I watch and so
some of my subscriptions I don't even
know who this person is I don't know how
I got subscribe to them I think it's
like a mystery subscription um oh me see
on I don't really watch his videos Nikki
film I take T by the weekends hey I took
particular enjoy Nikki Bella pies
personality I watch her because I find
her amusing and probably not the way
that she wants to be amused but I get
why people watch me when they don't like
me nothing I don't like her I don't know
her personally but I don't enjoy her
personality type but I find myself
watching her videos and I don't know why
do you guys understand what I mean I'm
not trying to be me I don't know her at
all
she's probably super Pleasant but just
not my personality type that I would be
attracted to or want to be friends with
I don't know she has like interns where
I just find her fascinating I don't know
I know that's probably so mean and I
shouldn't say that but I watch a few
people like that I having said that I
watch both of her channels and that's
all she cares about is the view so I
mean there's something about her I guess
so
I'm gonna finish editing and I'm gonna
go to bed I'm actually feeling better or
not makeups off I'm still pretty tired
so I'm just have a video it's only like
12 minutes tatted so so I'm just
chilling in my bed as I do I usually get
into my bed and since I'm saying my TV
on but sometimes they don't sometimes I
just chill on my phone because I want to
watch vines or YouTube's or I usually
check YouTube and then I check vine then
I check Twitter then I check Instagram
and then I check um just different
websites I check frequently and tumblr
so I'd make it the rounds of it so I'll
check it once and then I'll go back and
check it all around again it's like
we're at a man like us and Instagram
much I'd like 500 times so I was just
doing this but you guys I'm obsessed
I've been shopping on Amazon on my phone
and I have been obsessed with finding
these trolls I literally just ordered
three of these treasure trolls right if
you guys are no turtles while there were
trolls in the 90s and I actually used to
collect them in the 90s it's so funny
but this this gossip site guru gossip or
shout out you guys love mines how about
you
you guys I know they're super mean and
people tell me not to read gossip sites
but honestly I just find it entertaining
because it's literally like complete
strangers have spent so much time just
talking about it's so crazy to me it's
like it's so crazy to hear people who
like literally see this much of your
life like critique you and attack you
and yeah I mean I said get what people
tell me how to read it like it's
obviously some of it hurts like
obviously but I can't stop reading it oh
my god a pea head that was just an awful
angle whatever guys it's more
comfortable look how a little my head
looks compared to my huge body guru
gospel love that but anyways they were
trying to be mean by making fun of my
one I guess a creepy face to my dried
out hair and I don't know if you guys
can see that little treasure troll but I
just thought it was so cute and it has
my face on it and I really wanted a
treasure to like that so I ordered a
blonde when I found a blonde one like
that in mint condition in a box I want
to put that little evil face on there
because I just think that's like the
cutest thing ever
they were like literally trying to be
neat with that but I think that's
actually cute if they haven't put some
mean picture that they're not gonna
I but I just thought that was like I
need that in my life so I ordered three
charger trolls because I'm kind of
obsessed the ones with the little wish
stones in the belly I loved them they
were so cute they just remind me so much
a childhood so I'm like a child and how
to order all of them um so I'm doing and
also I wanted to show you guys these are
going to be definitely my monthly
favorites but baby lips I like my life
savers I use these every night now and I
love them I have a bunch of these but I
just started using them and they're the
doctor rescue kind so they have like a
healing treatment um which is really
really awesome and wonderful um but I'm
just about to go too bad I'm like
exhausting um my video is uploading I
just I'm so tired but I'm also really
sad my sister found a place to sublet
until her apartment is available and him
it's so sad and I'm you know she moved
in here for like a week and I had
definitely some growing pains some
adjustments cuz I'm used to living alone
so when she moved in I was stressed and
you guys I tried to shame when she moved
in I didn't have access to my youtube
channel I was in the hospital like so
many things were happening in my life
that it was a stressful time um and then
her moving in on top of me being like
alone all the time it was just it was
such an adjustment such a change that
you know I wasn't
I guess may or may not know this about
me I have a very short temper and I
actually try I have been working on it
it's gotten better because I do go to
therapy and I do go to anger management
I don't know if you guys knew that about
me or not but um I snap very easily
it's almost bipolar where it's like
almost like as soon as I snap I
instantly feel bad it's like the
weirdest thing it's just like I can't
control just snapping and it might be a
mental disorder I don't I don't know
because I've done it to not only my
family but like close boyfriends that
I've had I snap at them very crazy and
obsessively and I do that and I do that
to my sister and um you know I felt so
bad and she even like took all her stuff
out and then she ended up moving her
stuff back in and we were fine but now
she found a place and I
just feel really sad because one I felt
sad that I made her felt feel unwanted
here and too she was an unwanted my
sister my sister was actually like a
blessing that I didn't even realize
because I need company and I need um I
need companionship with another person
another interaction with another person
um and it was just so nice to just talk
to her at night before bed and when I
got up in the morning she was usually
getting ready for work with the news on
and um it just sucks his my place is
pretty small so I feel like we're kind
of cramped um otherwise I think she
would have stayed longer um but um yeah
I don't know if you're watching this and
if you are if I'm not made of this bar
but I love you so much
Callie is my she's like my best friend
and she's obviously my sister but she's
like a daughter to me like I would
imagine how if I had a kid because I
would literally do anything for her and
I just this is when I know I already
have kids I snapped at her for no reason
but I would do anything for her and I
just it was just I've just been under a
lot of stress this month this month has
not been a good month but um I love my
sister so much and she's going through
so much and she's only 21 she's dealing
with so much stuff and I just I just
wanted to be there for her and I wanted
to be there for me because it's just
really sad it was an adjustment to get
used to her being here in the knowledge
that she's here and then she left it's
like I'm so I'm so sad and and I just
feel so sick so still
you know I don't want this to be
depressing but sometimes you do feel
really alone in life and if you're
feeling alone you know pray to God
because I tell you what I know the
feeling of loneliness I know how it is
to feel like you're trudging in this
battle alone whether you eat your meat
you're sick you've bad help or health or
you just don't have a lot of friends
like I know how it feels and I know it
can be really depressing but one thing
that'll lift you up is God and I'm going
to pray right now after I'm done filming
I'm going to pray for strength guidance
and love you know God can give you so
much love and you got to pray for it
either he'll provide it for you or
someone will come in your life that he
puts in for you because we all want to
feel loved and wanted and needed in this
world and you know God is capable of
providing that for you and he knows what
you need and um you know I truly believe
that we have to put up with rain to see
a rainbow
so sometimes all this hurt and pain you
go through to be grateful for something
amazing that's coming your way and
that's what I feel in my heart I feel
like something amazing is going to come
and all this pain and her is just gonna
make me appreciate it that much more and
um you know we get through it life has
tough times and you get through it and I
know I'll get through this but it's okay
to let it out and cry and talk to people
about it it's you know I go to therapy
it's it helps so much it's great to pray
it's just I don't know guys I've had I'm
a blessed person and even if you don't
believe it you are too you just gotta
you know realize and recognize your your
blessings around you but anyways I don't
know sometimes I just like to talk to
the camera because it makes me feel like
I have someone
I like therapy session it's just
therapeutic to get it all out so I don't
know but um okay oh let's just put you
guys over here
Oh wardrobe malfunction nip slip
ooh oh hey everyone I'm gonna go to bed
that was much better lighting I should
just been talking like this little time
okay I'm gonna go to sleep it's so
bright but I like to have light I get
scared of the dark
although I was feel like I'm gonna start
a fire maybe we should turn them off
I like night lights all by Twinkie
lights bye guys
Oh Twinkie lights come back Twinkie
lights oh my gosh I'm blind
Twinkie lights are you so bear I'm sorry
if you're afraid of dark Twinkie lights
I don't normally drink you guys how to
plug them in well to make you lie it's
okay guys thank you for watching here
prior to my sign up thank you for
watching either at Miranda's until next
time you might kiss he's from a little
baby fishies mmm
bye guys now I'm turn you off
