good morning little fishies fish heads
alike it is Father's Day but of course
you'll probably seeing this on a week's
delay because my internet wasn't working
and or is it working but but have you
see this it wasn't working cuz that
means I got to work um it is Father's
Day and me and this little biatch are
going down to visit my father she's very
excited you are in it
no um so we're going to down to morongo
casino to play poker and um is it my dad
take him out for breakfast and all that
fun stuff we went to Joseph's last night
and that was really fun oh just early
but we're gonna church later tonight
yeah doughnuts got sugar FEMA back there
for my dad should we go we got our
Cleveland Browns jerseys supporting my
Manziel Johnny football tee and I guess
see how it goes got a long drive out of
my stuff
and two hours from my house so the joys
of being in a car I hate driving I'm
actually really bad driver
which means I should not be walking so
see you get there so skidding I'm still
logging and driving so um just a quick
note has anyone seen the Great Gatsby
out there because I'm telling you was my
sister's been staying with me
we've been watching Great Gatsby every
day and I'm kind of in love Leonardo
DiCaprio I'm just sayin um yeah I know I
have a clear taste in men and like I
like people like John Malkovich em Burt
Reynolds and Michael Jackson and putting
her keno and all like the
non-traditionally hot hotties you know
what I mean but you're not have real
gorgeous he kind of makes me want to
throw up to go tonight at eight because
I was like googling him and he dates
like these really skinny hot boy I had
to stretch myself because they're all
like 510 but Leonardo Caprio if you are
watching my second channel Trish's life
which I'm sure you are
because 4,000 people do so cases want to
say I love you and I'm available and I
won't eat for seven months
if you want to date me I'm just doing it
out there but if you have seen Great
Gatsby just kidding I don't promote
eating sores um you guys haven't seen
great guys do have recommend it's like
my favorite movie right now
I was just it was just dream of
consciousness I had and I told my sister
I was like I have to ask blog I'm sorry
because it's on my mind is all I'm
thinking about right now so there's that
but we're still driving and I was antsy
when I'm there but who know that might
walk again
don't worry no one's on the freeway easy
webinar should feel good church out what
the fuck are you doing logging on the
fucking huge freeway
I'm not bite so we made a trip around go
hey by the way this is what the shirt
that is in my man zeal shirt if Manziel
sorry I said mate zeal but me is now
this is what we're on goal looks like I
don't know if I can film inside but we
got here a little early
I'm gonna have some brunch I just have
my Louie Vuitton and then just like
legging I don't really look thank you
today because I've been wearing a lot of
makeup lately and I feel like my face is
breaking out but I think is this new
foundation I'm using that's making it
break out so see how comes here's my
cliche at my Manziel Boop this is
casinos chic right here my baby bag so
we just played the slot machines
leave my sister 20 me 20 my sister's up
at 60 and she wanted to cash out my
brother no and then we lost it that's
still fun so if I play one more time but
now we're going to go in a shameful and
my dad breaking the law filming in a
casino always play this on the outside
so people can see that you win tip from
my father Hayward
so now we're at the Cabazon atlas or
call the desert hills Premium Outlets
and Cabazon near the casino we lost at
poker and lost the slots but we won in
life because much to spend time with our
family but um so these are the outlets
there like again two hours from my house
this is where I got my Prada bag last
Black Friday for like a thousand dollars
which is really good they have like
Armani Valentino Prada Burberry they
have so many stores and I just have some
in mind with a glass on Michael Kors
they have so many of the like signer
brands for cheap so we really did good
on Black Friday so we thought why not um
see if we can find some good deals what
a product where do you want to go what
this is a ball but anyways it's a
beautiful day we have a few hours before
church so come on time but kids are over
here this is called Cabazon tablets or
desert Premium Outlets so
kind of worth it it comes to the
California cutting your Palm Springs
because our that is what I am I said
last long that's right come on over
there and then Juicy Couture Ellen is
there and then they Batory Burch Marc by
Marc Jacobs Fendi so now we're getting
more into like the luxury ones it's
actually pretty crowded here
but Justin Schwartz like 60% off at its
outlet so it's even cheaper so actually
Michael in there just he looks pretty
crowded but go in see what we can find
the kind of love juicy I'm Melissa Caen
a thing of the past but I like it
the ocean school
me
things yeah
five and you
so I just got this weekend crew chief I
almost mean it the VIS entire outlet
without buying anything and I bought a
Pucci bag it was just too good of a deal
to pass up guys so cheap I'll always
wonder could you bag how could you bag
and I was like don't want it
do I not I got it so Maggie my my sister
I don't know where she went
you almost make it through a whole mom
shopping at it what can I say I have
problems this is obvious to see how
happier diffuse my movies okay I got
another person up for this one with it
it's my sister
oh god that's never really bad like
break out on the side of my face and
it's just really I'm actually keep
looking at myself in the mirror all I
see is it cuz it's so bruised because I
was like poking at it so much I'm
actually lost oh you guys it has been a
long long day we just got out of mass go
to evening Mass because it ii ala just
like better music and I just I like
night mass I don't have to get up early
and I don't know um so we went to that
received body of Christ I don't get the
blood of Christ to fill a second or make
other people sick but um oh pretty good
day I did enjoy my dad and this is a
Father's Day blog but um you know
sometimes you don't always want to work
the camera out because
you just want to enjoy your life and
where you're at but it wasn't very
interesting today I'm sorry if this was
kind of boring I mean we did go shopping
so watch for an unboxing video of my bag
and it's getting really dark so ya
Tricia's good you guys should only go to
Mass if you're needing a pick-me-up in
life because it could totally change
your life and it's changed mine so I
highly recommend going to Mass and we're
going off if you're wondering why my
sister not talking is because she's
taking a little break from YouTube
because she's haven't she's going
through some personal things so try not
to like getting on her but it's a way
once it's like kind of awkward um but
anyways I'm so full I mean so much shape
um but I love you guys thank you for
watching if you're not already and you
want to be subscribe to this channel
above put out a daily vlogs so a very
interesting week very fun week also make
up in here so make sure you subscribe to
this blog cause I'll be vlogging it here
I love you guys so much
thank you for watching hi to Rick
Moranis and until next time your mic is
on it's for my little bunny fishies mmm
hey hey
