so I woke up this morning as I do and
I'm checking my Twitter as I do and I
everyone is treated me that my Wikipedia
page said I died and this is the entry
this is how I died everybody on June
13th 2014 in West Hollywood California
Trisha had a sudden heart attack in her
vehicle while driving first of all why
the fuck am I having a heart attack
because it's that is that a fat joke I
don't get it
but anyways I had a heart attack on her
vehicle while driving and ran off the
ran of the road not off the road and
over into a tea shop she was pronounced
dead at the scene she recorded most of
her videos but by July 1st her channel
and YouTube will stop uploading videos
which would be controlled by her sister
like who thinks of this stuff it is so
weird and it it kind of made me like sad
I'm like whoa somebody wrote my dad it
makes me sad I don't know that's kind of
know I guess when you see something like
that where you see like your death on
your Wikipedia page or just like that
would be fucking sad if I actually died
and there's probably the sad thing about
this has talked about this the other day
was one and I look falled right now this
is like not bothering I just washing my
face the worst thing about this is like
there'd be some people who'd be really
excited if I died they'd be like good
that bitch was so fucking stupid and
ignorant it's like it makes you sad but
at the same time I'm gonna stop vlogging
because I look really gross look at my
face and this makes me like a pea head
because of the wide angle it makes my
head look very big and my bun look very
small so I look like a sumo Oh faucets
are coming Fawcett they're coming
maintenance guys coming to fix my
faucets and I have a huge zit two balls
it I don't want to show you guys but
you've seen it you've seen it and I hurt
so bad so anyways I'm gonna do my makeup
so hopefully next time you see me this
this might be the scariest this might be
the realest I've ever been on camera
like this is just so not cute right now
but anyways I was really sad about my
job I believe I died so sad I don't know
who I don't know I don't even know how
to edit these things but whatever it's
funny I guess no it's not funny it's sad
it was at first I was like that was
funny and I just think it's kind of sad
and it makes me feel uncomfortable but
whatever so anyways okay I'm gonna do my
makeup cuz
my face today oh by the way it got
really sick last night threw up went to
the bathroom just cleansed what I do
just getting gummed up it hurts like a
mofo come and get right now got my
makeup ten I don't feel that's
crazy-looking do we love these shoes can
I just say Barbie heads inside of a shoe
it says I'm sick to stick and I'm crazy
Trisha Paytas is dead no Trisha Paytas
is de dee mutha fuckas I don't even know
that means but I'm starting it it's a
thing I have a really cool jacket that
makes this entire outfit it's a daily
looks skirt which is like a white tank
top but between the sadistic killer I am
a creeper that has weird oh hello behind
me why did I ever like oh gosh I gotta
do the back of my hair oh hold on I just
saw him to the back of my head and I
just to realize that I missed like 500
spots back there so I'm gonna go do that
my brother's coming with this and I'll
show you guys the full outfit oh my
sister fell me or something made it to
my mama's house and she has breakfast
ready and she's making chocolate cake oh
brother
so again me so we came over for
breakfast my brother and his wife is
here my sister I put this necklace on so
it wasn't so boobalicious for my dad
tonight but uh my jacket is a prepare
but I decided wear different shoes I
don't know since eat there like me long
shoes but make him breakfast yeah well
I'm not making it my mama's about all
that big in my mom's breakfast is are so
warm they're just like oh it was a
chocolate cake wasn't it yeah but it out
mommy made me a surprise she said I'd
love her forever
Oh
you should know me me I can cheese dinky
my name welcome anyone love you look at
mommy
Oh jingle not with the glasses what I
did glasses hey your gourd is mommy
thanks for breakfast
vlogging I'm in a channel I've do I have
a second channel not for blogging I saw
that yeah are you subscribed no I will
be I just thought yesterday ok um so
yeah yeah I just woke up from a nap
we're leaving and um yeah they were
staring at me another nod so driving got
my coat on it's gold
I'm so tired we wake up from a nap and
you just don't want to talk to anyone
that's me somebody help me here tend to
get social okay so this is my outfit of
the night for dinner and Capital Grille
my favorite and Pantages so the skirt is
one tank top with eight unit this is the
iodine moto jacket and I have my BB
necklace my earrings are from my vault
from beyond can be my shoes are from
Aldo and of course they are part of
laughs hit my purse
it is the Chanel 2014 spring fuchsia bag
and lambskin in the jungle plastic no or
said okey and the famine I've had to
show you guys I'm just finishing up a
couple ground suppose you don't have a
wad maybe your benzene so been my
favorite dessert here with a big
container theater
so we're inside the Pantages case my
Instagram pictures here but that's a
merge we're going to go see this show
got my place it's really nice in here
so cookies that were come to Hollywood
and Vine contagious really awesome shows
I love the Cedars like my favorite thing
to do
so show starting about 10 minutes to
help load so we just cut our seats and
we are right front and center it he has
messy pictures from nights on my
Instagram educators say Oh excited Donny
Osmond was the original Joseph and my
dad used to remember seeing in Chicago
members in Donnie in Chicago at the in
the newspaper yeah I DEP
he's like oh yeah anyways see it goes my
Islands just going off my dad when I was
little used to squeeze my face and last
time you squeeze my face was one maybe
like 15 years must be my face
that was the first time 550 years by the
last time in 15 years - that's position
will be dude
it's my deck coming out with Elvis how
do you like Joseph so far very gay go go
go - Olivia Nick I met some fishes here
that the curtain
we are for sweet
maybe
my back
I'm open
how's it coming out in the second act
they love it what do you sing I'm a
daddy
second night coming up I stopped myself
on that back of the head with my clip
keep my voice down as my sister just
went to bed um home from Joseph was
really really good
I love being with my family so much
they're so fun and so nice and so sweet
and I just love them um the reason my
sister didn't come to Joseph is because
I didn't know she's gonna be staying
with me at the time she was still with
her boyfriend and didn't really want to
come see the play with us so I didn't
get our ticket but Oh sad and she was
missed but it was really really good and
um that's coming to your area I
recommend seeing it but then my hand or
not wasn't working and I was a little
with Verizon for literally like an hour
I just wanted to cry because this week
has been very very stressful um from
being in the hospital having no internet
not being able to upload on my main
channel right now it just and my sister
moving in with me I'm just so much
happening it's just it can be stressful
and it can be overwhelming and I just
have to keep reminding myself that this
too shall pass it is not the end of the
world
I'm not unless you know I have peace
ahead faith so uh tomorrow we are going
to see my dad for Father's Day
um these might be on a little bit of a
delay by the time you see them because I
have to add it and my internet has not
been working and so hopefully you'll see
these soon sooner rather than later but
um yeah it was good night Joseph is so
good and just it was just it just makes
me smile so it was an overall good night
I got this little phase diamond popped I
think and I'll say you shall pop your
heads but gosh was bad I had to so I go
to bed if I take you guys with me
tomorrow maybe we're going to the sea no
so we'll see I love you guys so much
thanks for watching I will see you
tomorrow I don't wear this and it's next
time here my guess is my little bit
geeze night guys oh good night
