hey guys so this is old school I'm
filming on my iPhone so bootleg right um
so I'm filming on my iPhone on a new
channel this is Trish's life um for a
couple reasons one I actually wanted to
start a separate vlog channel for so
long because some of you just like my
blogs and some of you hate my blog some
of you are like is this a vlog channel
and also I was like I wanted to start a
vlog channel and I just like okay that's
just like I don't know it was always
something that I wanted to do and then I
never did so this is kind of a perfect
timing thing because one I haven't put
out new channels on my main channel
blonde Sandow for MJ yet or this week
that often cuz you guys know I like to
post every day because I'm having a
little bit of issues with YouTube right
now and it's not just my channel it is a
lot of big channels big I'm not saying
like I'm huge a huge channel or anything
like that but a lot of bigger channels
are having issues with their YouTube
channels but it's all taken care of or
it's going to be taken care of within a
week so hopefully I'll be back to
posting videos there very very soon but
um my channel still up and everything is
all good it's not suspended or anything
like that
um and I'm alive and actually there
since there's more updates to this to
this not just the YouTube but I was like
I don't know if you can tell but I have
like my bandage from where my IV was I
was in the hospital earlier this week so
kind of was just like everything just
was chaotic this week anyways um I'm so
not used to filming on my iPod I don't
know where to look I don't look at
myself right don't look at that camera I
don't know um so I just wanted to say um
come subscribe to this channel this is
Trish's life
um because one I'm going to be posting
exclusively videos here for the next
week probably hopefully lasts maybe two
weeks um so if you want to see me
beautiful face on YouTube then subscribe
to this channel also subscribe to this
channel if you want to see my follow me
around videos because from now on
exclusively all my follow me around the
ones where I take my camera and they go
out my day-to-day life will be on this
channel just because I feel like it's
just eat I don't know it just feel like
it makes more sense and then like one
channels not super cluttered with stuff
you don't want to see and all that sorry
there's
learn happening so um I'm still filming
videos for my main channel those will be
mostly hauls rants as Tricia's skits as
much as I do skits um oh they're going
to China I see it it's like a red plane
anyways ATD much so that's gonna be on
that main channel and then this channel
will be the follow me around vlogs like
I would explain sorry to be redundant
and then once I get um once I'm able to
post on my main channel again I will be
doing a full update video because I know
a lot of you have been asking about my
sister and her channel and that's her
more personal reason how something to
the YouTube she took that down on her
own will but I'll get more into that
later
um so yeah I'll just be vlogging here
and hopefully get you guys some content
this weekend because we're having a
pretty exciting weekend Father's Day
weekend coming up so that's exciting I
just got this dress at Target do we love
I don't know I love it it's very
comfortable I don't know like if I would
well I'm going to have to do errands I
don't know it's just really I think it's
like it's in the sleep section so I'm
pretty sure it's like pajamas but I find
them to be ridiculously comfortable and
yeah I have so much to share with you
guys and so many videos to post on my
main channel and I just I just want to
share them all with you right now so
it's killing me that I'm not able to
post but uh but we will get that
resolved everything will be good I am
rest assured that everything will be
taken care of but there's just I don't
know
YouTube's on some retreat or something
mr. I don't know what's happening but
anyways um welcome to this channel
Trish's life is that a creative name I
don't even know guys sorry I haven't
done anything that my hair day it should
I curl his hair I just wanted to get a
video up because I know a lot of you
were asking me on twitter follow me on
Twitter and Instagram probably he found
this video you follow me on Twitter
Instagram because the only place and
Facebook that this will be posted
because I can't really add this to my
main channel thing yes so um okay but
make sure you guys follow me on there
but you guys are true fishies if you
made it to this video you found this
video congratulations for being a true
fishy um and I think I'm going to end my
videos the same on this channel because
I feel like it's just a continuation not
even a continuation I feel like it's
just like a part two to that channel
there's just I don't know I want to do
there's a lot everyone
they have a walk channel and I mean
channel so I feel like I need to do that
too but um I check out my frozen case to
film this but I just got what you guys
how is my phone case hold but I aren't
obsessed I love it it's been super cute
so maybe I'll Instagram a picture of
this but I've been loving this phone
case but okay I'm going to go be sure to
subscribe to Trish's love I'll probably
be posting a blog this weekend if I have
time so I'm definitely gonna be blogging
tonight definitely going to move along
tomorrow I'm definitely gonna be
blogging Sunday so um just depends on
when I get those up and edited hopefully
I can keep up with this channel so
anyways I love you guys so much I do the
same sign up I feel like this is like
cheating on my other channel if I do the
same sign-off
I'm gonna just do the same time I should
I I should do something different let me
know I just feel I just don't feel right
ending it if I don't do a sign-off so
I'm gonna go ahead and go thanks guys so
much for watching subscribe to this
channel hi to Rick Moranis and until
next time here markets this one my
little blob ffos mmm I'm trying to find
the off button here bye guys Oh
