good morning hi vlog Channel you haven't
seen me look decent like you know
there's a meme this truck could not be
closer to me Wow okay um you know
there's I mean going around it's like a
homeless are you guys like so zoomed in
I don't know what's happening
here's our really zoomed in but it's
okay because I got makeup on today but
there's a mean that's like I'm either
homeless or like super full out glam
there's like no one between that's
literally me I look like I'm a
disgusting crack whore or I look like
I'm freaking going for the Miss USA
pageant which I love her by the way I
love pageant hair I love tangent makeup
and I know it's like still not trendy in
like LA like if you show a hair stylist
Adam Lee Simmons in my hair today I love
him so much he did my hair for my
birthday this year and for my silence
music video he's really really good but
because he's really really good he's
really busy so I haven't had him do my
hair make a piece so talented he does
hair and makeup at night does it just
how I like it I got show him picture and
you won't ever be like oh that's
outdated like my hairstyle today is like
very like pageanty and I love to like
know herself does not look good like
he'd like even if he doesn't think it
looks good he's gonna just do it for you
because he's gonna make him happy
because you're the client right he's so
great and I love my hair makeup I feel
so pretty so today I am doing like a
Content shade day which sounds so
social-media influencer me and my ticket
content she today it's so interesting
because I always kind of not made fun of
what kind of made fun of like people
think it's me Briana and I ain't content
and like I was like okay we'll just live
your life that's the content that's
social media you're just posting you
know like regular everyday people post
you know when you're going out to eat or
what I mean like but they're not
entertaining like no I don't mean
they're not entertaining but they're not
like they're not entertainers which is
so weird because like because we are in
this like new wave even make comments as
this he's like now he's used to doing my
taxes but he's like you're in this like
new wave of entertainer it's kind of
it's like because I that's like not a
real thing social media people are not
talented than her but if you have a lot
of followers like you you have to be
you're you're like an entertainer right
because people are like following you
for entertainment like you mean like you
follow people cuz you know them or you
know whatever like I mean if the whole
time people I know and realize that our
entertainers and I just you know I see
what they post me just posting out there
randomly going out or doing something
but when you are kind of like I guess
like your job which my job is like
social especially now that I'm doing
like patreon all these other things like
my job really is to put out content like
that
it is what it is I know it sounds like
it sounds bad and like not bad just
sounds super cheesy like it's a my
content creator like but that's what you
are you're creating content upon social
media which is a social media content
creator or whatever is more of like a
job I love doing it but I really but
what's great with something fantastic I
was gonna swear it like try not to swear
it's YouTube right what's fantastic for
real there is so much to carry what's
happening is that I actually like love
like obviously kiss okay so I'll just I
wouldn't do too so I rent out I did this
before I did with the Pink Palace and I
did it with the luck dungeon thing um
those were for Zach Ville and you know
Zach feels great they're responsive and
they pay and I'm like okay cool like I
can just put it towards something and
then by going to location I feel
motivated and then if you'll inspire
because it's not just in my house when
you're just in your house constant
creating content he's filmed in every
room like the backgrounds whatever like
it gets kind of boring for me so I feel
like as like a viewer I know you guys
would watching you guys do watch where
I'm just sitting at home eating but I
think it's fun and I've seen Shane do
this a lot more recently which is a huge
inspiration of mine I fucking oceania
can't wait to see him we're gonna just
wore whatever who cares I can't wait to
see in this week actually because he
sees super inspiring cuz he's been going
out and doing stuff and it's actually
just it is more entertaining to watch
now I wouldn't say more taking is just a
new element entertainment that you don't
get bored so like I don't want to get
bored so I like have you know so I'm
doing that week one today which is a
sponsorship I love them by the way this
video is not sponsored but honestly guys
use my code and stuff like that like
they obviously rehired me back and I
love their products so much you have
such a good relationship
I like they literally say whatever you
want to do to her should you like you
know which is it's it's so great and I
know it's and then you guys love it and
I it's like a win win win so I'm doing
this like I went to like this house to
do that because that's like the priority
right that's like
the job so to speak and then I'm gonna
do one of my little homemade music
videos which is really fun cuz I hired
an actor which was actually I found from
Shane Dawson's Fiverr video and he's so
nice like so nice I got offered to like
pay him like he signed the release
everything oh my god let me pay
something like what's your rate whatever
your rate is and he's just like oh you
know I just do this for promotion for a
YouTube channel which I donate like all
the proceeds of his YouTube channel I'm
gonna link it below I'll put his is like
the top top link like all the proceeds
from his Adsense he says he donates to
like I think it's like Animal Rescue I
have to he sent me the things I said oh
well let me know you're like full name
and I'll just like write your check and
you can do it into that he's like oh you
can donate it directly like you don't
need like a lot of people could have
just like taken the check from me and
like you know donated half don't need
none of it whatever you know it's his
money but he's like just don't even ugly
it sorry if this is chopping my GPS goes
off and it's actually stolen
early-morning traffic hour it's 9
o'clock I was up at 5:00 to get my hair
and makeup done so I work my 9 to 5 it's
a sense 5 to 5 12-hour day for me which
I actually love doing these kind of days
because I feel really productive and I
feel like I get a lot of content for you
guys and for me I mean I love doing it
that's what that's like greatest part
about all this it's like I would do this
I would want to do as anyways but
because you have to you know rent a
house and you know pay a videographer a
photographer isn't like that like you do
need money in order to do these sort of
I guess passion projects
Emami see I'm dying
I can just go straight right here I'll
just great honestly this map is taking
me like it's taking me zig zag it's very
bizarre umm so yeah so I went to this
I'm doing I don't anything that I'm
doing my like little homemade music
video yeah oh yeah the Jesus guys so I
found him from Fiverr I had to track him
down and he's like could not be nicer
and like so sweet and just like hey just
checking in 1 another location like just
think on it I didn't love that like that
makes me feel so happy and I'm so
excited about this video it's gonna be
cute and fun and then we're doing
content shoot for my patreon so for me
patrons I have different tiers and
different levels of immunity like so
confused on where I'm going
boo these plum trees are still Beverly
Hills coming up all to show you guys um
here's my scene we're in Beverly Hills
things hadn't my little leg things in
the way about get the gist ah this is so
quintessential LA I feel like I need to
think about later you think like this
like little palm tree if I did I care
about being a safe driver I would be
snapchatting this right now but all
these fires like yours are cruising with
me what's up guy Oh is it to be in LA LA
is beautiful I couldn't imagine living
anywhere else I know I complained about
her a lot but honestly
ah it's just so these houses it's just
like an easy breezy wash me Ricky
so long
I don't know if you guys are loving this
is much name I love this Drive I can
honestly just
we're going Sunset Boulevard which is
really oh my god these houses are so
pretty so you'll be so excited I just
saw the house on this like website where
you can book spaces for filming and I'm
obsessed with the website because they
have the coolest houses the coolest
locations so I'm really really excited
to see what this is entailing but anyhow
so that's I'm doing yeah so I have the
different levels of like I said lingerie
and nudity so I'm doing this shoot for
that because actually I've only had one
boy I put a professional photos but it
was only one professional photo set so I
want to do more I wonder whom these like
once or twice a month I put up like my
candidates to like I'm from cellphones
but I do like I said I really really
take pride in content you know and if
it's like a membership thing I really
want to make sure I'm giving people
something worth worth their money you
know what I mean and so I just I'm just
really hard and I am planning on having
the guy who's doing my video like I also
film like make trying on the lingerie
inside like literally like me trying it
on like nigut and stuff like that cuz I
think those are cool videos to watch um
so I kind of it has a platform you know
it's nudie isn't porn you know yeah
somebody who I go so you're doing porn
out which I don't know sometimes might
tell people about it
everybody Peter I'm like what do you do
what do you offer on there I'm like okay
so you're doing porn it's like just to
make it like doesn't it's not porn at
all like i hmm I love being naked I love
being naked I love painting it on my own
with people in my life like
it is just it's so much of who I am and
that I'm proud that I'm at the point
where I like I know a lot people like
don't believe it but I genuinely do love
my body and like I'm proud of my body
and it's not perfect at all when I look
at I'm like a hard to change that's my
thighs and you don't run but I'm so I'm
so comfortable and proud and it's taking
so long for me to be comfortable with my
body much less proud of my body that I
do love showing it off and I I don't
know I have a lot of girls like on my
private snapchat or like you know these
pictures too and I I get it because like
when I would see people naked like Anna
Nicole she did like a nude shoot when
she was larger and so I was just like so
inspired like I was like you know they
don't care and like even back in the
days before like it became a thing like
Jamie Lee Curtis would pose I choose on
some fitness magazine where say I said
no Photoshop and she just like she
wanted her roles hanging over and it was
so inspiring because like everyone is
normal everyone has roles everybody has
like you know what I mean like everyone
has things they don't like about their
face or their body and I don't man I
just get really inspired right so I
guess I to me it's more inspiring and
empowering and porn
this is the craziest intersection
it's like such a big intersection is so
scary so like I said I like just wanted
shoot I loved renting these spaces and
like just I don't know what gets my
creative juices soul and gets me
inspired like I love oh I'm nothing like
snapchatting even like even I'm a
regular snapchat and like instagram
story like those are very entertaining
like I watched people like Logan Paul's
and Jay Paul's like all these people up
to that about it that is entertainment I
can sit there for hours going through
stories and I realize like my content
has been like slacking and that the
thing and if I consider myself a social
even though yes I'm a youtuber primarily
you know I consider myself and other
people do too like a like social media
star as well like use right like you do
something brother or something they're
like oh she's a social media star you
know somebody on some brother was just
like oh she's missed social media you
don't know me instantly and I'm known as
missile media which a lot of people
could be known as I'm not dissing like
I'm it I'm like the biggest social media
person but you know a lot of people do
this for a living right I'm not a beauty
blogger and so I realize it should be
putting content out on all my platform
and like all platforms because some
people not everybody is a snapshot
everyone ages you do not run the patron
of mine so I want to entertain on all
platforms and reach as many people as
possible my patron obviously is private
completely private like it cuz it's a
considered adult content
you can't even search for it so meaning
like you I think it's at its poor like
only if you know my link or you're
looking for specifically for might well
you find it and it's under Tricia
Tarantino and not just beat us a lot of
I think there's a fake one I
underestimate us it's understand Tina I
always link it but because it's awesome
well it's not gonna get out to the
masses but I like that about it because
it is kind of like exclusivity about it
so like if you are if you really
basically if he doesn't really want to
see more of me like you you have no
where to find it it's exclusive you
don't even mean like I do like that
feel like I can really be free and so
she was like the nudity and sexuality
and swearing and stuff like that like
the videos I post are all you know oh
it's me but it's just stuff that's not
appropriate on other social medias which
I totally get so I kind of like that
there's accessibility I like that
there's a platform for that and it's
kind of separate but at the same time I
do want to reach a lot of people with if
I if I talk so if there's a big thing
like inspirational video or something
where like I talked about sex and the
hey fat people and I guess it gets
demonetised super talk about sex opiate
but I want that to reach a mass masses
you know I don't think I need my socks
from last night air to the masses I
don't see it's inspiring anybody you
don't need me I think it's entertaining
and like if you're into that like you
know obviously like I I'm a patron to of
a lot of people and like if you're into
that exclusive stuff and you really want
more content it's great I'm not trying
to sign up for it but you don't date so
hey that's like my mansion oh alright
that's a sad so yes I'm doing like I
said I just like I love doing this stuff
so like music videos and stuff like that
like that's why I'm you know that's why
I'm like doing what I can with the music
because like I said yesterday and
yesterday's long it's like you know I
was going crazy with spending money on
music because I loved it so much and it
I wasn't even coming close to recouping
what I would put into my music like the
songwriters and you know the production
and the engineering and then the music
videos on top of that like I was not
making anywhere close I was losing so
much money on those but I like took it
as well those are full tax write-offs
and and they are it's just you know it's
really not worth it especially with
Adsense the stuff that's like you just
don't make money off Adsense which is
basically and I I feels like whatever
um so but I truly love doing it was the
point of that and so because I'm doing
all these other outlets and making
sponsorships and I have patrons stuff
like that like I get to still do this
and really focus my creativity but I
love doing all the all the content like
I love it like I'm telling you my Adam
and Eve is my dream collaboration I am
so thankful for that like I feel like I
don't express it enough like I always
tell them so much again for like you
know I never take it for granted cuz
sometimes I would do a video like once
every like five months for them and now
I've been doing a kind of monthly which
it's not sad like in a contract like
okay once a month once a month they kind
of just call me when they want to do a
video with me which is you know how it
works but lately I've been doing them
like monthly and I have so much fun
reviewing them and like I had so I had
so much fun reviewing um ah and I just
get so excited because I'm an outspoken
you might hear make the first about this
I don't have much time so most my
location but you know I'm just so over
like sex like with another person guy or
girl like it just it doesn't excite me
it doesn't turn me on if someone was
like bang before I'm getting that shower
and she ain't know I'm just like I'm in
bad I want to order pizza so no so these
toys are like honestly I kind of I kind
of blame the kind of lame sex toys firm
you know sex is I just feel so much
better and it does the job much better
and all of that so that's a sit car he's
monster energy drink grams up watts
dresser so I'm just inspired and I'm
really excited like I love these days
and I wish I want to do I want to do
more music videos like these you know
they're low there's low budget low key
but they're fun I think you guys kind of
entertain me I in my life and um
entertaining
and I love you Jesus you know it's it's
really well and those were very low
produced they had no production I was
the producer basically I got everything
together which is no production and no
budget you know I just kind of paid who
I had to like the videographer as like
here some money but no lighting no
nothing anywhere so good just like mr.
ever bel-air I'm so excited I am so
excited to see this location you guys
went over myself to this huge mansion
cuz like the people coming later cuz I'm
gonna do my YouTube videos first and
pictures the snaps and all it's not like
that and then I'm gonna have my video
offer from the photographer so I feel
like it played it pretty well this is a
big one
I planned because there's so much
happening there's so many videos I want
to get done so many pictures and snaps I
want to do and then also the music video
and then also good I hate that this is
like this nothing your bad they just
don't understand why that keeps moving
see the road or maybe you
joints
this weekend - I'm just like really
loving like you guys I'm really and I'm
getting inspired for content like I get
so inspired that's it it's been good I
just feel rejuvenated and I feel like I
have more ideas and they have tons of
songs like just funny songs and I've
been writing while myself again - I used
I was working with a writer who was
amazing he wrote amazing songs but I
don't know I kind of liked my songs we
kind of like just being silly and
writing about what I feel and what I'm
thinking about I don't know if songs are
fun I think songs are just so silly and
fun and you can just talk about whatever
and like people just relate I like that
I'm relatable shit fancy take a slight
right turn
all right refine this and I'll talk to
you soon okay guys we made it to the
location it is so flipping a beautiful
house you guys this is amazing it's a 20
million dollar home it's so cool you're
gonna do like a full tour of it I mean
it's so purple and it has like this
little thing we aren't pool I'll show
you this thing
look how cool that is I'll show you
outside actually I don't you go through
the window
and then even turn sneaking like walk
across to it and it out like how so I
list all because movie sucks pretty
pictures I'm so excited
see like a video picture
now a cool hello people can it be like
that a host which is super fun
I mean stairs in the elevator
it's out club so anyways I need to get
working because we only have a spacing
of eight hours but you know hours goes
by very quickly so yeah really beautiful
I am so obsessed like that's gorgeous uh
just have endless hostility so I'm gonna
get going because I need to show you
guys this beautiful place but I thought
I show the blog real quick this is just
I mean that's just gorgeous that's the
rain bar oh and the infinity and pond go
together too so it goes over
it's just crazy just like up in the
hills and like weird like that's for
sure okay I'll just be changing into my
lingerie I love it
could you imagine them really don't get
a house I feel I'm gonna be really
lonely you're adding us such beautiful
things and no one to share it with you
can do like this maybe like for one leg
back you know like yeah like doing like
to the beat like well I'm like just
doing this
do you have music playing for this part
you just probably just winging yeah okay
yeah yeah I knew was scary
inhaling water effects huh melt yes my
little not graceful
because I was not melting off of it
after my massage with Jesus that is a
wrap
there's Jesus praise be praise be Sokka
Christ you are famous
he is fiber famous you guys might have
seen him in Shane's video that's how I
found him hello that's me I'm raising he
came like this he came out of the back
like walked on water
we have tricky hair you going like that
we got typo back for the second piece of
song but I use Jesus more like having
the real Jesus here it was like chilled
and Jesus also has a YouTube channel is
it just SoCal Christ actually it's Jesus
Christ
no wait how did you get that just my
name I was like I'm not that creative
let's just try Jesus Christ hmm that's a
site honest thing when he walked in did
I knock itself I would like I was like
oh my god is Jesus like the version
where you know I almost said no this is
like my dream country right here but you
really came out of nowhere and that's I
was like like there's like really unjust
even that way and I was like how did he
come and then he wanted no that's not
gonna cry because he did walk across the
water and I wanted to cry but then we've
been dancing and we got a massage and
now Jesus and I our BFF yes never let
you go oh thank you and I will follow
him wherever he may go
we love no it was really everything and
you honestly I feel like Jesus is here
yes please subscribe and be saved
oh he donates his Adsense - what was the
charity - Aussie rescue SoCal it's a
amazing charity that rescues dogs from
being euthanized at the shelters so
thank you for your support
that's amazing when he said that cuz I
was like okay what can I give you what
can I company he's just like no like and
I was like all right you're checking
donating like you can donate directly
it's like so donate directly follow his
channel cuz he donates it to their we
love you praise be let's praise be I
love you t now yes honey yes party fun
yes come dance with Jesus oh you have
like 500 pounds of a dance that Jesus
take the rig
I love you so you guys are my YouTube
friendly vlog but Zone on YouTube
friendly version of this summer patron
was telling slow but we just thought
with Jesus I did my own TV video say and
now we are doing some quick photo shoot
content for you by its content to my
Instagram I am having a great day I am
being so productive I am so excited
about this and we're just about to wrap
so I'm studying we got some light we're
just gonna do a few different looks and
so be it
there's Isaiah oh my god so basically
what happened was my
keep turning minute off so basically
what happened to that it was I filmed so
much content revised that my memory card
got full so I had to basically I had a
cut vlogging shore I was able to film
some videos on Isaiah my proper scribe
who you guys saw right at the end so he
had a card and I got to film some stuff
but that's my picture and only content
just we're just shooting behind the
scenes stuff and a lot of public nudity
and stuff anyways that I can't like post
on yourself it wasn't a big deal I
really wish I could have logged more
with is it but I have been on the go
today with such a productive day I had
so much energy
I never energy for photoshoots ever and
then I was like wow like you've been
going since like 10:00 a.m. which
technically I'm going subscribing him
because that's my were here wake up time
he was like so impressed position like
really tired and have no energy and I'm
just like yeah I just feel more like
creative and stuff when I'm out and
about and like in a location and we have
time a time like stamp so that way I
can't like lolly a guide like just get
my stuff done sorry lighting in here so
bad
but now I am ooh bring up off to dinner
I am so excited my favorite person in
the whole world he is one of my best
friends and I'm very excited cuz it's so
much for together and we like the same
kind of food so that's where I love to
you know and I went home and dumped the
like footage on my computer but I've
never had that happen I've looked a lot
like in the car vlogs I because I want a
lot I've never had it um to my late
I never had to fill up so that was a
good first roommate even know what's
going on I thought I said my battery so
I brought the extra batteries did not
bring extra SD cards but that's okay um
we had a lot of logging and I was
looking at the footage some of it before
I left and I'm really excited I'm
excited for everything
oh my gosh add a mini video went really
good the music that you want really good
in the photo shoot to want so good so
I'm sure who said it was just a really
cool location and like I said I got
really inspired like once I was there I
was like oh we can make Papa and we can
use a movie theater so even if you guys
didn't see the movie theater I don't
think you thought on this I don't you
know put patrons saw it I think I tried
to see it if not you'll sit in a music
video it was so cool so yeah so I have
this like cute little red dress in order
to see and eat some steak me so hungry
these nails that glow in here I'm not
really matching shoes ubers I have a got
a pink Versace like clutch thing over
here me it's definitely kind of clashes
but definitely don't care but I'm so
excited to just drink and chill I feel
like such a productive day oh my gosh I
want to do more of these I had so much
fun and
I'm seeing a chopper but somewhere it
displays the food of the company so
excited so you guys for being here
subscribe to me I don't know if they do
anything that exciting but you know what
I do I take you guys with me
