how sick and overhead for that warehouse
ticket sure yeah she was in the area
I'm very good I've had enough a lot of
videos have green stuff on there
I'm waiting
right
how's that food y'all got before
perfect no mom over here how is it don't
you have the guy from McDonald's what's
his name
no they have all the burgers
he's a tie he wears a tie and like a
bowler hat no do you not like he has
like he's like a plate of hamburgers and
he's like a guy with a time with that
yeah with like a W I'm GU got a oh
that's okay I just took an Instagram in
this this is such a risky outfit because
I'm almost popping out of the top this
slit is extremely high but I'm gonna
wear my camera Marc Jacobs jacket just
because it is so short because when you
what you get when you shop at those
sites me for girls with a small chest
small waist and small but kind of like a
shirt on you but I'm gonna rock in
Hollywood after all I am I'm gonna camo
jacket just for a little modesty so this
looks a little too casual it's Marc
Jacobs and bujji is like a couple
thousand dollars but I don't know I feel
like it totally just covered me all up
and I kinda look like I'm wearing a
blanket so I've got to go more and find
a more fitted jacket now this do not
work anymore my cute camel first
everything oh my gosh I my favorite
when I was 18 early thirties
you guys I know it's like daytime so
it's not cool but I did this myself I
did this yesterday right every intention
of logging me putting it up but I was
actually so stressful for me and I just
took me an hour and a half to put up and
the reviews said it should only take 20
minutes so it would have been really
boring but I mean it kind of looks right
just know like a little thin in there
likewise it looks so thick down there
right damned
anyway it's don't get my hands dirty and
shedding it anyways I didn't miss out
very proud yes all those presents are
stuff I bought for myself but them under
the tree yeah yeah I did that myself I
look a mess and I'm gonna go out in
public looking like this once again I
just need to get my nails done you know
I love I'm where I look so bad today I
love there's trash over there
oh my house I love a French manicure but
it gets no it's always gonna be like a
dildo in the background or something but
I love French manicure but they get the
white part always gets dirty and never
used to it and you wouldn't know why
that happens but I am just going out
right now cos I'd also pick up a package
from a drop-off center so I'm just gonna
go for nails on to the drop off package
before I work out because yesterday I
worked out that's gross - stranger
things I started I'm solely on the
bandwagon but I just started season one
because obviously there's a season two
out and so I that's kind of a new thing
i binge watch haters back off last week
on the elliptical but those are only
like 25 minutes and then think there's
like an episode so I got through that
pretty quickly and when I go through
strange things for clean then my next
one to watch is Riverdale cuz everyone's
been telling me that
and so far all the recommendations have
been great like I love to thirteen
reasons why whatever Netflix shows
fuller house so I go through all those
pretty quickly so I haven't blogged I've
sucked at vlogging I understand this I'm
well aware I feel like there's probably
so much to show you guys and to do but I
have to like kind of an organizing house
know when your house is like it's not
bad which is like a little summary where
like you have it kinda together but I'm
also gonna be redoing my
I'm just like gonna redo my place cuz
I'm here for another year so you know
what I wanted to move and get a fresh
start but oh hi but that didn't happen
so I just wash my face but yeah I look a
mess
oh there's my new Mac products I don't
know why I need to hold it this way
um I mean it's like boring so as I break
it
oh this is the spice lip gloss which I
actually I ordered a spice lip pencil
cuz I love it which is another dude
spice and stripped-down ones like brown
and ones like more of a maroon Brown
anyways that's what that looks like
yeah I liked it it was a little more
dark than the nude and then I got a
painterly paint-pot cuz I have not been
partying my eyelids or my eyeshadow
which I could tell a difference then I
got a pencil sharpener and then I just
got one of their Mac holiday little gift
bags so it was camo jacket I love that
jacket but it does the clothes from pee
sometimes and then I'm loose I think we
should he's gonna haunt but I got some
new Gucci glasses I got a big Sephora
haul I got to go through of all their
like holiday stuff and then I got the
graveyard curl from Bellamy they sent
this to me which is really sweet yeah so
I need to come home and organize and
also work out I just actually have like
a lot to do I'm also doing a music video
kind of like what do I like low-key ones
kinda like I hate my life and like I
love you Jesus like I like doing videos
like this one because happens money's
gone down you know I gotta be a little
more budget savvy
I got a you know not spend $50,000 on a
music video but these are fun they're
really creative they actually do really
well I eat my life and I love you Jesus
both have over a million views which is
great cuz some of my my last high
production one really kind of it didn't
hurt I like love it but it definitely
got like less than half a million views
and that's been uh probably six months
so um you know I just thought maybe it's
time to switch it up and like I said I
was leaving sorry Big Brother anyway so
I was kind of like over it and over
those songs cuz you know all those songs
kind of are about my ex and like that
situation so these songs are all songs
that are relating to
now it's just checking to see if I need
my eyebrows done I think I don't need
them yet I have two Christian songs and
that one kind of just like another just
like fun song kind of just getting back
to like when I wrote fat chicks and
stuff just like I kind of don't really
have many Kara's back then and I kind of
just wrote about silly stuff and I like
that so I like that I'm writing about
God and I also like that ever any wealth
until you self - so I'm doing that
Wednesday and what was the point - oh
it's just a little stressful because I
mean I had my life I shot here in the I
love you Jesus was at my dad's Church
that he goes to but this one I wanted to
rent out this place and the reason it's
kind of stressful is usually don't
problem running out places like that sex
dungeon and the Pink Palace that I went
to those were both rented out through
this website that I use that a lot of
production people use they're like it's
kinda like an air B&B but the locations
are pretty much on there for filming
purposes which is great so you don't
like explain to like an Airbnb person
okay is it okay if I film here but the
person I'm talking to and I really
really want this house like my heart is
down this house cuz I want to do an
adamant video there I want to do music
with you there and then I want to do
photo shoot for my patrons there and so
it's kind of like basically everything
all set my hair makeup costumes I have
an actor in my music video like
everything's pretty much all set except
for the location and they're usually
pretty quick and it's take 48 hours they
kind of responded but like not really
they like will look into it and then I
sent another one today they're new to it
they have no reviews and they just join
in October so I think I wanted to have
to like if I don't hear from them at the
end of the day I'm just gonna put in a
request at another place but I gotta
withdraw that request for us because the
place like hold your money like the
place this place I'm working but like I
don't know everybody's like this cuz
actually never booked through Airbnb but
like basically when you want the place
and you request it like it takes the
money out of your account and it's kind
of expensive like this was actually the
most expensive one because I have a
bunch of things like pinned all the
things I want are like places I want to
shoot at okay and then this was the most
expensive one so I gotta make sure I
with drugs like the money goes back into
my account um but I kind of justified it
because I was gonna be doing multiple
projects there meaning like I'm gonna do
my patrons like nude photo shoots there
and then I'm doing my music video there
and then also be adding a video so it's
kind of like doing a bunch of things
that kind of justified it that way and
it's really really gorgeous and pretty
and picture so I really want to shoot
there they don't seem to know what
they're doing I don't think it's like
scam me per se I just feel like they
don't really know what they're doing
we're just fine I'll just have to find
another place and there's plenty of
places it just is a little time
consuming and my friends coming over
tonight to hang out the one you guys
never see I know people think I'm
probably we're actually going somewhere
this weekend I I'm sure people I know
actually because of my last vlog when I
went with him somewhere everyone's like
I think she's as an imaginary friend or
she's alone at these places and if I'm
alone which I'm alone like all the day
like always alone I always I always say
I'm alone but I don't like you're
actually but buddy it's Emily over
tonight and I also have a fitting
tonight with Mike Philpott I've taped
him he has an Instagram now he does all
my costumes he's doing the one for
Wednesday he's done my outfits make
custom outfits for everything for my
birthday just lovely big brother to
music videos to photo shoot since I was
since I was a kid since Patrick's fat
chicks was the first project we worked
on together and he did my little diner
outfit and the girl's diner haul but
he's really great and really sweet to me
awesome guy I love him so much maybe
I'll vlog a little with him yeah I
really love when he comes over but yeah
I sucked I talked to Shane a little bit
this morning which is great I fucking
miss him I'm just gonna sing with him
this week which I'm so excited about you
guys I love seeing so much he's so
supportive and he even set this to he's
just like you know even if we don't see
each other as much I still love you and
I take a bullet for you and I feel how
to put in the exact same way and I don't
you know I never I'm never like oh I
wish she was not I mean of course I'd
lost many time with him but you know
like people get busy with their lives
and you don't I mean like it just some
people you know no I mean it's just like
a lot of like you're not friends anymore
you're not friends then I'm like oh my
god are we not and then it's like no
people sometimes just you know how you
just throw different paths in life and
just get busy with life but I will say
she'd always just make an effort and I
and I and also I I don't reach out I
never reach out to friends and I've
always been like that and I know
sometimes people don't always wanna be
the first one to reach out with me it's
like I never reach out to people first
so I was I was really excited about that
and I love him more than anything he is
literally amazing and the two years that
we were like always together like every
weekend
okay just I feel like that was like
Andrew to like us through her together a
lot I feel like that really like cements
you and his friends like no matter what
else happens in life or where you go in
life or where your journey takes you and
I'm just happy he's happy I'm happy I'm
happy finally in life and um speaking of
my friend my best best friend in the
whole world I don't know if I was gonna
share with you guys I don't I don't want
to say the full story behind it cuz it's
like such a special meaning but I know
that little rock it gives me so much
energy I'm actually gonna take it
upstairs into my bedroom because I need
this energy in my bedroom not sexual in
a sexual way just like it's magical Rock
Elias and I wish I could tell you the
story but I don't know maybe I'll tie
guy someday I don't know it's kind of
special it's like really special
actually so anyway I'm gonna go get my
nails done that's like I said this white
I just hate that it gets big it like do
you mean when I say dirty
it's like discolored I don't know I'm
gonna get a smoothie first though Whole
Foods
I just haven't calories are you guys I
love working out too if you want to get
on that treadmill or elliptical and
you're just like oh it's so boring like
seriously watch Netflix something on
your iPad I did Game of Thrones all six
seasons that were available on iTunes I
did that all like during the summer and
some people will say it like oh well
you're not losing weight or like you
have to eat better and I can get that I
sure like to lose weight but it's better
than not going on like I was on for
three hours yesterday like it's better
than not burning a thousand calories and
exercising for three hours and I like it
I like doing it and I have been eating
better I was doing a lot of eating shows
and they kind of relieved I mean I'm
definitely gonna do them but I
definitely need to go back to doing only
once every other week or once a week or
something cause like I was doing them
like back to back I kind of got addicted
to what I like chocolate you guys like
I'm doing now um can I switch in here so
anyways my biggest dress right now is
booking this space for Wednesday but
we'll figure it out
we're gonna do all that and work out and
I'm gonna come back up and see who's
responder cuz it's Monday and so those
are the days respond to emails and shiz
but I love you guys
I'm really excited what stuff coming up
BAM couple chips confirmed like planned
and booked I have a couple things coming
up I am super super excited share with
you guys still we'll see how this goes
this is gonna be a hodgepodge why I can
already tell because there was a few
clips from last week I haven't posted so
it's gonna be a really messy well I
wasn't going to get my nails done i what
I'm gonna clean it all this eggnog
I'm just doing a video so I can remember
what to order on my clothes needs
but not with me I'm a combat result the
sauces were the most complicated perfume
on ever though it's busy at the boys
bowl people always talking at each other
but yeah I want to get my flowers
when like eggnog and like look around
get probiotics I need to go to Whole
Foods
okay being a virgin or seeing stuff
because you just post me to stuff you
know not that stuff you don't know
look at me out in the real world I
honestly feel like a functioning human
being J I love it
the struggle of getting in a car
actually trying to get the car I don't
know how I hi
got a dude be with you update my stomach
hurts so bad from that smoothie I don't
know if it was the size of it or I
really haven't been eating that much
dairy lately I'm like really trying to
wrap my brain I had some a little bit of
mac and cheese last week I think oh I
just have had here in a while which is
like kind of not even on purpose I
wasn't being like I'm gonna go
dairy-free or anything oh my god but I
think that dairy in there and my stomach
is like turning like oh it really really
hurts I'll be fine I think I'll just go
work out and honestly just feels like a
really full feeling like I ate too much
and all night this morning was two
hard-boiled eggs and five little like
shrimps in the oven which I always see
in the mornings it's like my breakfast I
know that sounds like really girls chef
like shrimp and eggs in the morning that
doesn't it doesn't sound good but like
it was good oh my god just like a really
sick feeling like I just ate too much
kind of feeling which is so weird so I
think there's just too big of a drink or
something I'm kind of sick but I'm gonna
go and just kind of browse Whole Foods I
do have to pee should peed in the nail
salon okay honestly okay so I went to
like three nail salons and like they
were all busy which is crazy
it is the lunch hour that's why I think
hopefully just really crowded when I
went it was launched hours before the
people reading their nails them but I
went to this place that I don't face I
can see it's like in this like strip
mall like shopping mall area
everybody goes I was like one person
working it's super dead like they never
have like cool color is well I just like
whatever I'm just gonna go and get like
a blue I mean they have to have a blue
right and if we're at some source I look
like a block or something oh my god they
had this new unicorn chrome it's like
not gonna focus which is different than
regular chrome it's actually said
unicorn chrome on the thing cuz it's
like this color it's so freakin pretty
everyone she was like xenon or something
I was so in love they had it in pink too
like on display and I was like oh really
I was really exciting I don't want to
blue anyways I was gonna get like a
cobalt blue but this is so pretty and
I'm so happy I like I just kept telling
her I was like I love like anybody else
I would be so happy she's great this is
the one that told me about the place
that sold organs I should be driving
with you guys cuz I have a thing but
just like give you guys an update a
thing meaning my car tribe hmm anyways
okay
this store anymore boring it doesn't
really fit around don't know anything is
but that was crazy
Oh No
oh the receipts my bag how much 200 off
you guys know everything I showed in the
car
that's all I got it was one hundred and
ninety two dollars take it food I even
get food
I got roses I got a couple vitamins I
got some juice some eggnog
brandy I don't that's again that's
literally all I got I think there's
anything else no that was it
peanut butter cups
Oh
we're gonna shop at Whole Foods over us
I was mmm that fruit looks good when I
went back on my goal like fruit kicks
which I need you soon
um I'm high though they're for the fruit
but oh maybe I won't actually cuz even
Trader Joe's is cheaper Whole Foods me
on people don't be healthy vitamins and
shit cause that are you kidding me I was
like blown I got a look on their Izzy
and to make why it was so offensive $190
okay I got awesome guys time is going by
so fast I have to my shoe today I came
home and boxes were staff outside the
door
I like this tom by the way I like the
setup I put a tripod you're not on Avion
it's much better overall ankle so we
show you what I got for dinner are some
Whole Foods I need to put these look how
gorgeous
so our toys and some water I like love
me I'll just leave the qartheen forever
like really loving people eat Lee I
don't know they did have enough flour so
long it's like looking at my stuff
okay nothing wrong with that I don't
even know how you do flowers anymore you
put it in warm this just have food on it
oh it does alright seriously I don't
even know oh you put this in first
- having to search for it - we go
everywhere why are you there yes go look
for Jesus Wayne it's just not the best
way to open this I love doing everything
the hard way that's actually not true I
feel like I said this in a blog rest
Vista someone else recently but they'll
get any hired lazy people because
they'll find the easiest way to get a
job done you already say that I think it
right because I'm usually like that mean
right now and like have a lot more
patience because I'm like enjoying my
day huh okay this is like trash put in
the bank
it kinda happened to offer anything I'm
gonna keep going up to that part of the
instructions if you don't eat that much
water and flowers right okay we're gonna
wait to cut this until this bag I'm due
for my trash I can take it out okay guys
ah one bag my back Lucy is in here I
spent $190 oh my gosh it was all the
vitamins and this is the very reason why
you should not be healthy and I was
having a discussion with Sergio entire
day with you PI see in this blog because
it would if he stalled together I never
ever like I would love this on me sick
look I've never say ever that means like
if I stressed myself out or something
like that but I'm never sick people who
is who is he talking to no it works up
all the time well not to bring him up
but Shawn for example would always be
safe always be sick and he works out all
the time
my friend Sergey he tries to be healthy
and doesn't bunch of yoga and eats
healthy stuck all the time
okay I'm into it I'm just shopping at
Ralph's singing a lot of preservatives
and greasy food okay so I got the egg
nog like all this stuff was like you
know the most it's not the thing was the
branding choose $11 but yeah everything
I'm gonna have that juice this orange
juice was $8 what okay so that's the
eggnog I got the $11 brandy which you
know peanut butter cup for those six
dollars another eggnog has a little big
knife this time of year and they love
love love it
I did get in hand sanitizer stuff first
like I always need this stuff in I don't
know some organic and I feel like we're
getting probably is better yeah no
that's true
so Evan green washing everyone else
organic it's better place is this
so the women's one vitamins were $35.99
these are the green ones for $43.99 cuz
I definitely don't leave greens and I
definitely should and these are like the
overall ones for a bone breast heart and
skin health frets energy and stress
support easy to adjust with probiotics
and enzymes and then I got some stuff
like for vanity like hair skin and nails
the bio cell was 33 i name that's
actually crazy but i got that total i
was like and you know i'm not chief and
i honestly don't care so any money but
like what are you kidding me she's
reporting a would you something like
that fun is coming soon to itunes i know
you all are waking it's really good I'm
really excited we're going to talk to
cut these thumbs which I feel like this
is actually really difficult to do
I hate making a masochist literally does
not hey wait what the heck man I think I
got my favorite Christmas tree I'm gonna
put up which would be super nice in
Superboy you require at least as I can
like talk through how are you - Toby's
on a time oh my gosh why are these fun
and why do you have to cut off a half an
inch on flowers seems cruel out no this
is what it's like to be a certain size
er more pain for me than it is you
flowers don't have the strength what I
have to do I want to hurry up but mate
later get anywhere you like but I've
been doing so much better since I happen
and that shake milks everything I've
ever - not so what with me oh you guys
even see what I'm doing doesn't even
matter what I'm doing
whoo let there be flowers I love flowers
I wasn't thing up like sunflowers like
very like single girl to do like I'm
gonna do some sunflowers at the market
they were really pretty and like fall
but pink roses we're closed for
renovation for smithing it been booming
those customers are clucking and
business has been booming
we need refrigeration for customers who
say oh my closed for renovations today
so pretty where do I put these I want to
display and somewhere pretty supposed to
put them right there um yes love okay
box I'm not gonna like go through it and
everything but I feel like I've never
done like an unboxing so a lot of people
do you unboxings revenue where they just
do it first impressions which defeats
the purpose of like an Adam and Eve
review because like why do you just want
to do some I mean I guess I get it took
a halt at the sex toy Hall I guess so I
don't know how I say it
I'd rather to see like what it does
sometimes gonna be confusing so who is
some fun stuff okay well actually I
don't want to get this
the swamp legs so I'm excited I feel
like I should maybe I am so thankful
better oh my god I'm so fat okay you
hope wait for the I'm going even yes
this is so much fun I bet try these out
hey dude it's a good day y'all so we're
gonna wait on that I was gonna do like a
whole like unboxing but we're gonna hold
off on that because you know 18 plus and
like I don't mind getting playing on one
channel but I'm so sad so we'll hold off
on that I'm gonna open up the up boxes
and workout and we'll see if this ends
somewhere it's gonna end somewhere cuz
I'm fitting tonight I have to shower so
I'm sure I'm gonna try just law because
I've been actively trying to blow up
today even that was boring so let me
know this is boring and I like won't do
it ever again but ah because I missed
your second channel I'm not like I know
but I don't do anything so this is it so
and my blog yesterday but I just had my
hair done and I figured out right here
because tomorrow I'm gonna be all
glammed and pretty and I have a big day
so you guys gonna find out what tomorrow
brings cuz it's really a big day in this
weekend I am going away so home where my
Marc Jacobs
iseman say
I say come on guys yeah the love the guy
seems watching this vlog I'm sure - man
or you really long cuz I'm editor vlog
in like a week so you see how goes that
is tonight I'm suing the cyber world
