hey guys so you're gonna see me looking
like this at the end of the video
because that's I'm editing this free
right now but this kind of getting the
video
I'm sure the title listed me like I'm
going on tour or something cuz that's
like the most exciting thing that's
happened that I get to announce in this
vlog I get in to get these knots in the
vlog that's at the very very end so I'm
sure this is a very long blog so we're
gonna skip to probably the last few
minutes I talked about the tour and all
the details but yeah I'll let you guys
see that because I just I'm out of
breath like already being excited about
but yeah okay enjoy the vlog you guys oh
gosh that weekend trip took it out of me
I am so so tired editing videos cuddling
up my little Care Bear um we're having
for a really busy week ahead of me it's
not without exciting to watch but I'm
gonna vlog Isis why we just like a week
in my life a blog just cuz I got a lot
of ketchup on my lashes nails eyebrows
all that stuff but then I am recording I
have to organize my month this month is
going to be crazy between moving
shooting this show for a digital thing
I'm doing um two music videos that are
time sensitive I have four brand deals
which is great but I definitely got to
put the work and and like effort into
those and then kicking off my like
patreon full force because now we have
verified people who want to be a part of
it and people who just like canceled or
whatever so I got a lot to do a lot
going on a lot of emotions and feelings
like to deal through deal with and
through on top of all that I called a
couple places today because I need to
move and I'm like no were even close to
moving um so it's a little bit anxious
but all the places I want to move our
like nice places right I have this
American Eagle dress that I like love
putting on after I shower it's like so
comfortable but anyways um so I'll go
somewhere like nice and I just feel a
lot of them are like houses and like
condos a lot of times like you deal with
the owners and like the place I live in
now is like this big company and like
you know as management team or like you
never talk to the owner as always
and above managers and just it's just
one of those places so they don't really
they kind of just are more about getting
me units filled as opposed to like going
to single owners and stuff like it's
just more like what do you do like and
that's always awful to try to explain
especially over the phone because some
don't even want to show me the
properties because they're like I say oh
I'm like you know I do stuff on the
internet or social media or like
sometimes I'll say like I work like you
know for Google which like you know I do
stuff for Google which I do because
YouTube is Google so I try and just like
make it seem but I've been dealing with
that a lot lately and I'm like well
we'll have to get back to you so they're
not like scheduling me a place to see
which sucks and you know at the end of
the day places do look at social when
you're renting they do look at what you
do and almost like that so I think I
might I might want to stay here until I
can like find a place that I want to buy
just I'm such believe it or not I'm like
kind of commitment-phobic when it comes
to like moving and stuff I'm just so
indecisive I haven't been happy at the
last two places I've chosen to live and
I just I need to be happy and then maybe
this is like a sign that no one wants to
rent to me hey guys um that I just need
to buy something which I do I need to be
an adult I need to just buy something
everyone's always told me that so
somebody's gonna give me a came the but
to do that but it seems like a lot I
don't feel like an adult ever struggles
I've got oh hi that's a whatsapp Oh any
to text my sister she's in Bali so she
what's up made that that's what's going
on that's what this vlog is going to be
may not be all that exciting um hi by
the end of this vlog we'll see if I'm
moving or not I just don't wanna I don't
know moving is just so stressful
one day at a time right Josh right right
right
boom remind me to never go to 7-eleven
by my house ever again it is literally
the sketchiest I had to get some nachos
on the way to get my nail appointment
all right late for a nail appointment
I'll just get this back so I can eat my
nachos time to use the lap as the old
train
so my cheese is basically already done
for and not even gooey gooey good
anymore
because there was so much such low line
mine was so long person frenemy smelled
so bad and then there was these kids who
shoplifted might old person cuz on the
mantra making them really really bad
vibes I saw when I was walking in
they almost I haven't met Carly on
purpose thank you basically like through
Dan's old friend a car on purpose and
then they kept harassing them um
cashiers something like money another
storm and then huge jackets on huge
hoodies oh he's scared I almost got out
of line and put those things words like
Heinz I like it if it was anyone else I
didn't just go with your instinct and
get out line I mean because they kind of
just linger they stole the stuff and
went out but then they kind of lingered
and I thought they were gonna go buy my
car so the poor guy behind me who was
really sweet found look at Chris Pratt
he's like got your car and so anyways
the kind of conversation with him is I'm
gonna wait for you and whatever
just carlac there's a white part about
right there does that red seeds it's
like a literally the car water so just
kind of like sketching me out a little
bit I'm gonna go back in there it
honestly is like so scary
hey green arrow I can make this
so 20 mins me me me I'll win it
come again
I definitely was that we get nachos and
there was a long line gonna pick up you
have see baby right here what you'll see
you
hmm you're not gonna make this late
no more time for nachos sometimes you go
to nail place that make you wait forever
and you're just like oh why do I even
rush I'm sometimes like you were five
minutes late so we can't do this for you
I really wanted a decent the movies have
been sucking lately I'm like what can
you see it's in theaters nothing cuz I
love you I love him alone cuz I used to
go see like any movie that was playing
like gesture you nachos but what's great
about but to me there's so good but my
taste buds are really bland I'm like I
love food but you guys know why you like
pasta and sauce and chicken fingers and
fries like I'm very we got this car can
I go any slower going around this car
cuz I hate okra
YUM I'm still in a depression depression
update what is that whoa my god
it would get flight by each wasn't said
have to be in your toilet you're not
even know what other depression any
morning and you are you know I'm boxing
today and I had the Hamilton calendar
and I'm so excited but it
but it wasn't wherever I looked at it
since I bought it I'm driving the
original cast only learner's on it ever
asking for these people
I will say anything about some mama
nachos I feel you kind of could feel
gross have to eat them
there's no them but I can feel now I'm
gonna get what are you doing
they have built this up so much I
remember I first moved to Hollywood this
was like all just like empty
kimly I've been in Hollywood for 11
years over 11 years 11 1/2 years
am I on my fee like people every time I
eat in my car that like
it just adds to them freak show that
doesn't mean
literally so much traffic I'm not gonna
make me up on that no movies so Sam
check out different route
I sell that
here's your show spicy yeah this traffic
right
shadows my sweetheart my little baby
says that was hot
well how about youtubers are hung on
June there to Mashhad tequila so don't
ever stop logging you're the only one I
watched all the videos
she's like even your hour-long one
Oliver he's just for you um Snookie's
cookies and Snooki's comment smell like
Snooki like Jersey store sure
I literally picked the worst route we
moved two cars and then we still like I
would have been totally actually anyways
if I were to laugh at the right time
what can we do next this year have lost
so many friends it's like nine funny
but no captain laugh about it cuz what
else you gonna do there's been some I
push away then there's the some meant I
was excluded me from their friend circle
driver a lot actually
I have so much to do today tomorrow
whatever having too much fun well I was
I was
before watching we ate I felt like the
only knew how many people appreciated me
eating able to look so disgusted and
grossed out by me doing videos do well
on YouTube so I guess some people must
like them
I'm so happy Halloween I'm happy even
worse than like Christmas cuz I like a
friend holiday parent New Year's Eve it
makes you feel really crappy hope when
you're alone I really have no friends
I'm gonna bite it anywhere I really did
this year
gotta love beer no lose your club sodium
now my friends by to Dow table I'm not
hosting us in two minutes
can you comment Quimby 29 I'm behind you
slowest person in the world
anyways
should I call those male ways
look up on diesel ink messing her - we
shot now but it should be so sick oh my
god napkins where do we start
got napkins barely out of Hollywood and
I got it to the value guys are in Lewis
at Brunel it's 20 minutes was her in the
belly burn oh yeah 20 minutes the muscle
river valley she was in the value I
can't say because we don't know him in
Italian all right so stigma the valley
look cool it there but it's cheap I mean
so that like kind of a bitch away but
like it expensive so I get it I might
move there so can't talk too much trash
on it
one more thing after time heard on about
people who ask for money those kids that
were like causing the ruckus with throat
cashier sets up a 7-eleven they asked me
for like a 25 cents or something before
I went in and I just said I didn't have
it because when I don't ever have change
cuz I don't have a wall anymore I just
care that cardholder things but to
something rotten so excited for that
obviously you're a month with him
um but - it's just like cold like I
couldn't imagine why up to just be
stranger and being like hey you have a
dollar for me especially when they're
not won't miss me a nice I was hit and I
thought they had clothes on it they
weren't homeless was the point they had
clothes on they were nice enough and
they look clean and they just like the
old street kids like just not and I say
street kids I don't because of whatever
their race whether the st. Lake Street
kids like kids on the street off the
street just hang out in the street
the girl was cleaning that person
started sure she's think it's Elvis and
the Beatles over there but cool while
she's cleaning a lot of cream cheese
saying I have six minutes to go to the
nail place I'm probably good ten minutes
what would you do you're questioning the
ends in the coming well I don't play a
game watch what she does because I don't
even know yet
would you call you have six minutes to
your appointment that means you right on
time it's out there at six minutes but
you're probably about twelve ten twelve
minutes away you're gonna be five
minutes late that timing berkutov do you
calm and say hey I'm moving a few
minutes late or just hope like clocks
are off and be like we're going people
oh this kind of like route makes me sad
because Shawn used to live back there
and I use them up here
and before anyone says you're so
obsessed with him let it go it's like I
talk about all my ex-boyfriends like
wouldn't you even make a hole would you
don't knows like 19 years old so like
just anyone that was significant my life
I always I think of we really should
turn left but I also probably would have
liked actually back um but then I would
go up this way because I said up in the
Hollywood Hills which don't overlook in
Hollywood Hills I know you might think
it's super glamorous it a police take 45
minutes I've caught I call 9-1-1 four
times no serious eight times when it was
like false alarm
these early days here got to be was
thirty minutes the longest it took was
an hour and a half and
and one time it was actually serious
with her people in the house my mom was
there with me we called and were put on
hold with 9-1-1 we were put on hold for
15 minutes and I never talked about who
I lived in the house because living in
the Hills is bougie what please will
take a very long time to get there it's
why people hit up the houses it's why I
will never live in the Hills ever again
and if I do it have to be a private
security gate like I have security 24
hours or I live now but I also have my
own private security but guarded like a
gated guarded community like at least
because the police takes so friggin long
at least they can send someone up which
is what I do I've had people like prank
my house before mostly it's always weird
I've been getting like weird pizza
deliveries at like 2:00 a.m. which is
annoying but what's great is the car can
just go up and the blanket flip eats a
guy like I don't want a pizza I look
really I know everyone comments my
makeup and how crappy I do I just don't
really care would I care a little enough
to put up the makeup so that's what the
look is
but yeah I said what's this way up and
down and mr. Xiang's credit he used to
be so good like if I can just be real
for a second right he's living with his
significant other whatever not a big
deal I mean this is a founder by the way
he was with when I knew him and he
didn't ever tell me that they were like
anything like in vacuum barely even
mentioned his friend
so anyways but I'm kinda he was very
attentive like I need someone like that
like that's one throw shade a Mike on
Thursday I need someone like that but
like you know Warren two girls but like
I love people who are like my caretakers
really bad cuz I'm 30 29 I just call
myself 30 I got used to it looks like
you call my cell 13 um I like people who
take care of me
and not the financial senses lord knows
I'm a sugar mama we all know I take care
of myself and others um and then I don't
care I just need someone to like cuddle
me and like take care of that for me how
I'm gonna be about seven minutes late at
this point we leave in the comments what
we would've done would be appalled
this is kind of a shortcut kind I'm not
because it's going through the hills but
yeah but anyways the first time my house
got broken into the big house I lived in
one zoomed on up that way I just came
and I had ran out of the house to my
neighbors I didn't know my neighbor so
just kind of like sit in their driveway
and Shawna
McNiff in his car and we waited for the
police and his car and he spent the
night with me that's the first reason
tonight with me actually this is the
first night he spent the night with me
but it was one of the first nights and I
just remember like falling in love with
him because I was just like that was so
nice it was like it was like a midnight
on a Friday and like we weren't we were
close but not super close but he just
dropped everything for me at the
beginning guys have done here this is a
wife a long shot um he was super
persistent and super like on me you know
what I mean like on my butt you know
what I mean like no he's on someone
else's butt the other way around just
kidding um oh he wasn't super persistent
like I met him on my Christmas music
video shoot he's when my dancers I'm
kind of really think it's not them and
to be honest it wasn't my physical type
where I was like oh my god you so like
boom oh oh you know what I mean like
what's like that at the time I was
getting a lot of older guys so I just
had two interests in hang out with him
either just because I didn't really hang
out was like I don't really hang out
getting people in general this is play
you can't I need to get a lighter
foundation tomorrow that's so dark
um but he like was very persistent and
like hanging out and um hugging from me
and like picking me up his took me to
get my car he picked me up to go to
lunch like he said I went because
usually what goes to meet somewhere
whatever but he wouldn't laugh like he
tried so hard and then we did the song
together and he just kind of coddled me
through that whole thing he paid for the
whole thing like you know what I mean
like he really don't think seduced is
the right word but really you had me
sprung you know and um behind time I
don't bother people easily and then when
I do shit hits the fan
mr. cream cheesecake from 7-eleven it's
not 11 bran and so but if it's a sponge
cake I'm talking about ex-boyfriends and
bitter breakups while you can stuff my
face literally masked out of everyday
production I was often
but did any work and there's Michael
same thing with Roger
same thing with this guy that I'm not
even dating our and as we are just best
friends but I'm I'm sprung
I literally fall in love with people
more like I'm capable
falling in love with me back that's it
I'm always this
and there's no blame or shame on them
but shame on them for stringing me along
and this night now that I'm in love with
him string me along he's very very open
and honest about being friends only not
being in a relationship I'm so close to
this now place I keep hitting all these
lights
but all right
you see learn holidays one of those so
that
I went last year my friend James and
them
shit hit the fan it's an epic immune
James but the worst
I'm currently three minutes later so
that part but I would say the most
important Prius Prius drivers were too
annoying no offense anyone has Prius is
but guys like these car blogs
you could talk for five a thousand hours
I'm in the car we did it road trip like
I saw it in a road trip a couple weeks
ago
I honestly puts so much fun thing in the
car with something I like driving I'm so
fun
unlike Papa Roach up to like one of the
gasps who should get entry it's up in a
McDonald
I have cake crumbs in my lip gloss you
know guys got food in their beard I
literally get food in my lip gloss it
just stays there
this is like so hard oh man I realize my
deepest values was anyways
I've really hope they're gonna take me
I'm gonna be probably about ten minutes
late so I didn't call I don't think I'm
gonna call him I just go in there play
the perky English terrible and I watch
the screen five open spots he's so far
down tak guys intend to report tonight
I'm just a mess on so many levels
without hot kissing
turned out pretty good
ended up getting a whole set just
because my other ones were looking old
like dried cheese in my face little time
probably okay so I have a some time for
my recording session which is actually
okay because really close and also I
really like the people and I like to
hang out there
but you guys by the way so I'd be a
spoiler but I'm about to hit million
subscribers on this while getting
channel on 3 million on my main channel
so I'm gonna get a huge pizza for my 3
million like eating show celebration
video I think I want to get a 1 million
cake and I think I want to get one Jason
Momoa inspired where it's like Khal
Drogo Aquaman
all that so I'm gonna get small Japanese
custom you convert nerd it's so good so
that's what I'm doing now thank you so
much
supper geometers got a Belgian waffle
what is wrong with me it definitely was
my period but
I do my first time with you guys because
I know real good
I love having two cell phones
I'm literally feeling jugular with two
cell phones I'm going to be actually
like 45 minutes early
I was just totally a good rather than
being like so Bingley everywhere
Oh update oh I'm sure you want a new
purse I'm Jersey Shore calm how kind of
world I just don't see how a world that
makes such wonderful things it could be
back go back I love it
I'd even have an appointment I did did
you call I like literally listen up
cause I called yesterday turn my rares
on think I can go Oh
thank God yeah I called yesterday for
sure for an appointment this plane is
usually pretty busy it's kind of far out
but it has loose glitter which I got on
my toes I don't know a loose glitter
because it just lasts longer just super
super sparkly she messed up on my thumb
which is kind of gonna bother me I don't
know what happened I wasn't really pay
attention but definitely was messed up
it's not gonna bother me but no but yeah
but I got em thank God cause I was
always crowded with the last more time
at home so I just showed her my phone
think it's just wanted to see you like
said I wasn't just like making crap up
like oh yeah preservation I thought you
had it
um hey that's just well no I just gotta
I gotta just have a word with the
receptionist that okay it's not okay
meatballs are ma Forge I don't know
nobody's know about it was like to me I
wish it were just like a waffle really
sugar on it
our cars at 8:00 my god you've got a
room
I suppose workout gym that only didn't
happen
I'm just surprised all I really haven't
been man attempting to diet would
usually like try a diet like three days
a week which actually kind of helps
moving teen but not recently
the girl comet isn't so sweet she waited
on me and everything it was very nice
and then shake after I got my a drink
there he's just I love your YouTube
channel oh so sweet what she said my
liking people I mean I'm not gonna bout
her but people who crime look I
definitely want a crime and then we had
someone haven't wanted me for a very
long time or like a couple months who
doesn't see for sure so say about it
like traveling to meet this person I
know I'm gonna cry cry which doesn't
happen often before they do but super
fun so that I restaurant with and Mel
Gibson Mark Wahlberg
but I was at the reason I can get into
your name even though people talk crap I
make up in myself
I'm just like her and you'll make up I
think
the older you get the more line you con
your face
Abuk okay hey blog been whirring it's a
new day I've already filmed a main
Channel video and a patreon video 17 and
equals those Czech mouse our lives
they need it I look crazy what update
left my credit card at a crazy night
last night the sex stories on my patreon
anything else can be filled in on my
McDonald pullover with long wet with
long story short I left my credit card
at a very porting to do last night know
what you'll get it nobody was there so I
gotta go get it I have lots to do today
better get them all today we're really
getting notice how whatever I thought
word I'm doing it for you guys um so
yeah that's what I'm doing today
I don't know I thought I should start
the blog for today but this is quite
quite another blog so
I'm so cute
okay I got the card update I have my
lashes felled we are in business I have
an hour to make my appointment on the
other side of town which it's noon it's
lunch time so I'm not gonna make it I'll
barely make it I'm still debating on if
I want to go all the way over to Culver
I'm trying to like reward myself so I
really haven't jinx it
I'm trying to reward myself for like I
mean I want to go but it really is far
and I really am tire and I also don't
look cute like I my hair was still from
my blowout and like soft and cute I just
don't know like I'm going back and forth
in my head here here might not process
like I'm going back and forth and I had
it like okay but if I go I don't look my
best and then this is their impression
of me think you're always supposed to go
like how you want people to remember you
how you want people to know you as and
like this is da how I want people to
remember me or know me as even though
I'm putting it out on the internet no
name so anyways I love my eyelashes
I feel get kind of throw off my schedule
a little bit today just because it
happens people get traffic and I'm away
all the time but like here's the thing
at this place it's like if you're like
five minutes late like your appointment
is cancelled or ever a lot of ways oh my
god I'll give your five minutes late but
like if they're late like 30 minutes
into your appointment like you just wait
and like the thing is I love that place
and I love my girl so much so and I I
didn't need them done really bad so it's
kind of I'm gonna stay but I really
wanted something like I wanted something
a little sexy I'm going to get my lip
dissolver and I know I eat like
breakfast this morning I went to
McDonald's at hospital do blog you guys
that but I did go through Donald's for
like ID each other thing and also just
up on my tongue for real I just wanted
like a little snack I wanted this
Hershey's gold it's like pretzel and
caramel or something it's like a new
Hershey's chocolate bar that's like the
first layer for introduced in like 20
years was ringing about it when I was
waiting for me eyelash white mint we
want to get that
I am so into you I am so into you I just
finished listening to the views podcasts
so okay so here's a little story it's
really not that interesting
but I have to have in the car so I'm
going to share my story with you this is
four three three four months ago I had
no idea who david dobrik eliza Koshi or
anybody associated him work i literally
had no idea at that like but this is
probably like me with a lot of people on
YouTube that are like massive sometimes
people tell me like this chick RCL
beauty well I'm gonna told me and like
she was like huge she got like six
million views video I think she's still
big I don't know but it's like always
like a little channel not little these
channels that you are like these toys
channels like that Ryan loves toys or
whatever so many views I'm like I had no
idea and I probably lot of people have
any idea oh not my thing sighing of
course it is okay well we're going to
share this story but long story short
those interviews and David overwatch
just said he invested a million dollars
into Tesla stock
how does he dollars to invest like that
that's crazy
also what's crazy said it there was more
to the story I love you so Central Time
like as soon as it comes on comes on one
the night today's Thursday I was jus
Thursday the next day all right I'm
going to see a student I want to say the
battery just he's something exciting
happens okay so I long story short I
made the full screen
which they're still swollen so I won't
say anything I just got a little more
dissolved right here and a little little
tiny pin the middle because really was
like pushing for him just I'm leaving
fullscreen now what are the chances that
I parked not on this level being one
down actually so excited
foresters I am gonna go out for dinner I
was supposed to be
I'm supposed to be meeting in a date but
they want to bail it does my mom in
there because my mom loves wrinkles here
and I'd rather meet with her anyway
so doesn't really look that cute oh I
wanna see auras in here Oh ladies though
that makes all the difference
no I'm super excited that I got to meet
actually with fullscreen honestly I
would feel like it's better just to be
in person make the impression rather
than over the water I'm so happy I did
the the touring team over here it was
like so sweet nice and like honestly the
best energy ever I loved all of them
socially excited um that I got to meet
in person and I get to my mom and shop a
little bit and she relaxed so a real
good day all right man to dinner with my
hot little date mommy
Arina
el cerrito Victor I mean oh thank you
it's the warmest ever knows how to eat
so any really good day spill and then
you spill coffee on your favorite
sweatshirt and your brand-new $110
makeup piece and shoes that you love so
much but it's time to retire anyways
just feel coffee everywhere you guys on
my way up because once again I'm an
idiot and just trying to get qu many
things
sapore
it's brand new it's so pretty stupid I
got coffee and I don't know what
Horrocks are originally with towels I'm
gonna try the least well I don't care
what the shoe they don't even care so
much what's what's your foot oh you know
what it just happened so
I had a chestnut praline latte which I
was super excited about and I thought oh
man I don't want the butter to come off
you just Clorox things fresh it's so
nice to take a different style one I
know I just got a new case but I'm just
gonna get dirty anyways but this one
opens and like cool compartments for
like holiday haul cousins are really
cute stuff that would be some well got
married officially amusement this wife
Robin up right nipped your kids so
you're basically married but man yeah
it's just not my day
no actually I think that actually was a
really good day we get coffee on my
brand-new $110 make up pace oh my god
I'm so honestly I'm so stupid
really exciting news to share with you
guys so so dumb to get a pretty good job
I mean like I said this is gonna get
dirty so I guess it's like they cover
button you get something brand new
good thing you just ruin it and I had
cleaned my white shoes are done for me
it goes out sponsored by Cora
I think my two guys upstairs mad at it
summer I'll keep you guys up there to
pass a my good night and my big kind of
announcement which I don't I think we'll
probably the title this video so got a
huge renouncement okay guys I'm gonna
tripod which was a UFC cut really
actually a good day I really like oh you
see right there it's very very well
agree in the pipe everyone I'm getting a
ready to get tucked into bed not to
sleep but to edit but before I do I'm
also snapping guys on my private I love
stepping guys in the morning and at
night I'm gonna pirate snapchat it's so
much fun I'm so like relaxed and calm at
those times days and nights and I love
responding to you guys there's just hot
chicks on there hot I'm like so lucky
honestly privates not trust me here of
thing and if you guys want to join the
pair of snap trap link will be the bio
but that's not what I'm gonna promo
really exciting I am going on tour I
have such a successful meeting state
with fullscreen it's happening I need
you guys to demand your city so
basically I know what I've seen this
before I was kind of like what is that
like it just seemed kind of weird and
stupid but the way the explained it was
really really smart why just like guess
what cities people want me at rather
than like knowing so I can go on tour
every single weekend and starting now
through next year through the rest of my
life if I wanted to to meet you guys and
I really excited to do that because you
guys know I've been kind of feeling
unfulfilled in life and like I love
performing I love performing I
definitely meet you guys I thought this
is just like a really great opportunity
so
fullscreen hooked me up with a like
demand your city tech type thing so only
the ones you always see is like when
they set up so they can get
demographics tell me where it's in
demand and we are going to come there so
great an awesome they've been doing this
now for like three and a half years
really successfully they have big tours
small tours and I was so honored they
would even want to get behind me and
support me and give it a tour manager
and all this stuff to like actually make
this happen and make the sick reality
like I'm like my mind is like blown
right now so all we need is for you guys
to go to that'll be the first link
should go there and demand your city
where you wouldn't be at if you were
interested in coming to a show and
seeing obviously you don't have to tell
me where you're at if you don't want to
come you know see my show I'm really
excited I really want to make this a
great awesome show and a full screen is
definitely the people to get behind and
the people that I want to do this with I
have tried to do a chore with I can
identify a dozen other companies and um
I like I'm so excited that like this is
happening like I just I feel like really
honored and like I'm really excited so
definitely the link below it's gonna ask
you for your information so that way
when I do go on to her and it does come
to your city you'll be notified and I'm
so excited and I'm just like huh I'm
just really really excited like it's
finally something going right and I get
to meet you guys I just will feel really
good about it I love performing I love
like meeting people in real I think this
is honestly gonna make my whole life
like I feel like this is gonna be the
life-changing thing I need to get this
humor in a human interaction to like
come meet you guys because it's like I
don't know what I'm doing and make
youtube videos I like doing that I love
snapchatting I love tweeting I love
interacting online but there's nothing
like real life hugs and in warmth and
vibes and energy and I honestly just
can't wait so definitely just click the
link demand your city so we know where
the most popular isn't we're gonna go
and we make it happen like I said it
could be like a few cities you know or
it could be if there's a high enough to
me and I'll come to every single city
and now I have people behind me that are
gonna support me with like actually
getting the venues and the funding and
all that stuff like that which is really
really great
I'm really excited they're professionals
they've done this first so many
youtubers and musical axes that I'm just
uh
so I'm really really excited Dimmie
undercity I love you guys I'm gonna add
it this wall I have so much data I have
patreon content this I mean channel have
so much just edit but I love you guys so
much
things are coming on this little week
journey I don't even know what's coming
up I have so much coming up actually in
the next couple months but like this
month is going to be insane and so much
fun I love you guys so much ah
I'm so happy to be reinstalled sure I'm
a private snap and then out this tour
like I could not be more inspired and I
love you guys so much and thank guys for
still being interested in me because I
don't know it's weird I've been on
YouTube for 11 years like why do orange
I don't know but I like guys so much new
music it's coming besides my Christian
music but new music like a full album
we're gonna release in early next year
oh my god there's just so much thing I
tell you but I'm gonna save I'm getting
out of myself I love you hear my kisses
someone because she's mm-hmm oh oh just
hold on kid yeah bye
