hey what's up you guys I haven't blogged
in a while I've been living life imagine
that um how long shows I just wash my
face I'm gonna play with some makeup
starting with this funky brush I did Ace
or a ball on my channel haven't seen
that but watch it so I'm gonna try and
actually use the funky brush with the
funky foundation on this foundation is
like a shade too dark for me right now
but I do love it so I'm going to use it
I'm going to put the foundation directly
on the brush I don't know sometimes I
think it's not wrong with your fingers
but should I be contouring first because
I want to use the Rihanna Fenty contour
sticks
so funny because in the Sephora haul
video I actually thought this brush is
too small but it actually kind of blends
out nice
it's so funny because when this
foundation first goes on I'm asked to be
perfect but it does go a little darker
as it says I have been just in the
routine of putting makeup on my face
probably cuz I like seeing people that I
care about what I look like in front of
them but also I just had the worst
discoloration on my face the bags and a
rise everyone calls bags they're
literally just like the thing on my
forehead it's like this dark because
when I went with your apologist he told
me it's just like this is dark but I
keep calling it fast and it's not class
most people like correcting because they
know what it is it's like and I said say
it in the comments a lot of pregnant
wouldn't get it but you also get it from
like stress and stuff and I've literally
developed it in the past year go figure
it actually applies really nice with the
foundation brush I like it how much to a
contoured before I hit my face it's all
contouring right cuz you don't really
need even foundation I just cleaned all
my bigger brushes and I see this clean
it I'm in Wisconsin because I don't
wanna back I don't know 69 I do my hair
I have a lot to do
I'm also going to try this dry shampoo
everyone hair and like literally like
ten days like actually disgusting but I
actually don't care if you try to have a
venti Beauty tough this peach boy thing
this is finishing powder you guys I
don't know it looks like a blush that's
just
different take more
don't brush cheese with us maybe a more
of a fluffy wanted to see how it
hopefully trump ink all over my face on
the awful I don't know that's really
what it's meant to be I suppose with us
all of your face cuz I'm going to be
pretty very shiny I don't my vision he's
all right I don't know I feel like that
wasn't the left
okay these Clint are six or so these are
actually four medium so I'm actually
gonna hold off on these I think until I
get a spray tan and I'm gonna try the
sweetie pie bronzer which also looks a
little dark for me but yellow right all
right
oh it's really pretty
hmm it's actually really natural and
actually really light mm-hmm that's
pretty and then I have the blush
highlight duo
although I could use the trophy wife and
be really sure you this is the hardest
packaging to open I swear I'm going to
try this
boom I'm gonna be too much more afraid
you the trophy wife
Oh is he oh you know my f it we're gonna
just do this we're going to just do it
I'm gonna start with the more mad at one
first
and then shimmer
I'll I said okay I'm done anymore I need
a little make-up for that I'm using all
my new makeup products and I want to
feel a little eye shadow I do need to do
something with this hair this huda
beauty palette is so pretty I don't even
know I really think I want to use this
trust fund although fling is so pretty
fling is down there that like maroon one
and Trust Fund is over here I'm just
going to put a little fling on my eyes
looks like brush a bit
I'm not so pretty
that's really pretty with like you know
even prime or anything yeah it's like
because a little something extra
what it is Oh playing it was fun I like
really have become sucky at makeup over
the years just cuz like I don't like to
do my own as much anymore but I'm trying
to get back into oh my god that's oh so
have you compared to this I don't try to
get more back into it cuz I do like when
people put an effort with their makeup
my sister always looks super poppin when
she does her makeup and it's like where
does he put that little extra effort for
some reason so happen to anyone else for
some reason that main left I always take
some more shadow from the brush it's so
weird I suppose be the angle I go in at
or something so pretty
I try and put this fling underneath too
just to kind of like him oh wow that's
like nothing
super-pretty underneath I'm I know this
is literally the worst lighting in here
for you guys honestly me - oh my God my
bathroom what's a quiet phase
whose keep should you let me go to my
house I've always wanted a little bit
more than I'm doing the whole do a
little bit up blonde
I saw SIA and each decent news right
here - we're gonna can mess around with
makeup more I'll only do my makeup so
fast these days well it's also because
these eyelashes you really don't have to
put a liner if you don't want to what do
you have the thick eyelashes on I need
to brush the Madeleine but that's the
only thing but other than that they they
stay pretty well they look pretty nice
I would have a little trophy wife
highlighter on that's if I really wanted
to do well I put a little bit of
eyeliner I'm gonna go for the trophy
wife innocent black back there okay I
literally want to go get my curling
wanted stuff and my friend is literally
here now I definitely have time to
finish my makeup I literally thought
it's Friday always hit me in so much
traffic literally made it so fast so I'm
like I'm trying to curl my hair
Oh together for all get it together
really wanted to curl it
well obviously got some makeup on my
face I put some little lip gloss on ah
laughs can you make ups I have to run
out to get ugly right now this is the
market Jacobs French tickler really Jake
is so quickly
definitely show you how or allistic
because this is like not okay I need to
go but let's do one really quick and the
good lighting just to show you okay all
right so this is it and the good
lighting
don't you bad would look there with some
eyeliner but overall pretty good you
guys it's the next day I'm pretty much
at the same kind of eye I was gonna put
a little more eyeliner on it but I don't
know if I ever did the trophy wife
yesterday I can't remember I did this on
camera or not I don't you remember
putting it on my face I don't see a
brush I would've used so I'm going to
try this because I thought it was so
pretty when I hold it I have a little
more time to do clashes are so part of
oh yeah I'm gonna use this i'm really
excited something really pretty on my
hand
umm I just don't know I'm about the
right brush for highlighting our use
that light just kind of pretty but this
case is for my blush this looks like it
might be too little tried
I know I just can't see when she goes in
the light a second oh yeah it's actually
so pretty
my quake so crazy with daylight can turn
down behind light
so why I like always a scared to use
highlighter because what I always think
kind of makes me look a little greasy
when they make artists do it on me I'm
like listen
I just want to keep putting it all over
my face that's my problem okay that was
Trump you like I remember I like around
cheer moisturize but do you see how it
like lessons oh I love these red eyes
with the blue it's so pretty shape for
eyeliner on I think maybe I'm a little
jumper
going on a bit of a road trip today I'm
super excited with my friend it can't
wait um I'm hungry too
you want him to get some stuff and then
walk away on a road trip and I still
have to do my hair sorry I cut it short
yesterday I was in a hurry I still kinda
I'm gonna hurry but makeup I think it's
really pretty and it matches my red
again and we're ready yesterday - what
are you gonna do alright my gosh where
they kept you guys look how cute the
shop is it is so sick I literally just
got so many goodies including this
turquoise bracelet I have so many
necklaces I'll show you
it's got a bee necklace I got the stick
rock it's so cute I like want to look
here so we're in the mountains about to
eat I don't know what else we're gonna
do but so fun so cute
I got this lavender I've to do a full
haul for you guys later but it's so sick
cute ok so now we found this like
forever I guess I don't know what it is
but look how cool I'm scared to go down
I'm not gonna go down bottles have six
letters
it like goes all the way
it's like Pocahontas in real life
so cool
I'm an HR young I got my converse so
Freddie I could die gosh guys I cannot
be more excited right now we are in we
are in the most epic candy shop I'm
literally getting a lot of everything I
am I'm crying I'm dying so sad so far
we've just been shopping but this is
family at you can go on like those hikes
up there we literally go okay alright so
we just got some beef jerky got
alligator
we got ostrich and got so money someone
time for you guys can we get back to the
hotel we're on an adventure today I'm
super stoked and they'll be my little
rock hungry so much fun I've got so much
candy that's all the dirt
so if reading
okay artistic so there is the aftermath
of our food
help all the
Tamra and I don't know the name up but
its inertia by National Park and these
are freaking sweet OTN from America eat
Oh
so tired so much fun of all that candy
and jerky to eat and I found a Sherman
it was lighting you guys look how cute
this Airport is a housing option was 2.0
so he'll be there protects the quay I
stay on the trail like literally like
it's like just in the airport I check in
there
okay so I think I got a picture myself
this is so cool I couldn't be happier
I'm really sad she would be leaving I
had such a good time but I'm going on my
mom's gonna pick me up at the airport
when I spend the day together so I'm
excited about that but back to LA it's
really a good time I need to find how to
get the smallest ever ever
but I hope you guys enjoyed my little
walk in nature I love fun so different
than la but so cool I got shot probably
even it was you
Oh whose security have a little TransAm
beef wrap for the first time
thank you
branch artists
that's actually pretty good
sugar cream tea
so bad
it's like green teeth up June
oh my god frightening airplane
like could it be more
anything you like same
visitor
