what's up vlog okay this is like living
a double triple lights I swear I just
finished filming a patreon video about
my first time eating a girl out eating
her own blood I mean it gets crazy over
there it sucks that I can't share this
with you guys on YouTube like it really
does but I'm telling you guys like even
that we'll get this deep monetize just
to me saying this and then if I actually
did put the thing up it would instantly
get removed and I would get a strike it
would be just awful so I'm sorry it is
what it is
it's what it has to be it sucks if you
are interested in my sex talks I'm also
going to be showing my own surgery scars
which is what I wanted to show on
YouTube for a long time I don't even
think that's very sexual I think that's
just more like they don't want nudity on
here but I want to show the scars I
think it's educational
so I'm gonna fight them at you tonight
or tomorrow if I beat you but that's
just by a $5 - you're on there anyways
enough about that I do live shows still
do my blogging today we are going to be
filming a morning routine inspired by a
Logan Paul I have actually got into
local fall not even as a joke so I tried
to like it Jake Paul like I was a joke
right to like see what everyone's
talking about to try and make some sort
of satire theme what every day is kind
of like a satire like parody things but
I truly do love Logan Paul's vlogs like
I think he's a lot and I think to hang
around him would be super obnoxious I
don't know actually maybe just a
character in my mind I think it's just a
character I've talked to I think I
started ashamed about this where even
Jake Paul I feel like I feel like I've
talked about this too before I don't
know I feel like I'm I have so many - my
live shows and when you use your
channels the patreon emily's snapchat my
privates now Jeff I feel like I don't
wheat I feel like I'm always repeating
myself so I've already talked about this
already but and Shane me this points I'm
giving him the credit for it because
it's absolutely true like both these
guys like Logan Paul just finished a
huge film called valley girl which is a
remake of an 80s film he's also put in a
ton of films like movies is like the
lead and stuff like that and then Jake
was on a Disney show for like three
years and both of that is really hard
work those are long hours on sets you
have to learn your lines you have to
show up be dedicated like so you can't
be I mean yes you can still be like a
jackass adore Ally for obnoxious or
whatever like that but you can't be an
idiot and you also can't have like a
terrible work ethic and if anything they
have a very smart work because they're
very they hustle hard and I know you say
oh well like going to my lambo going to
Italy I mean but they're putting out
content people want to see they are
living like the extravagant luxury la
life and even someone like me who lives
in LA
like I'm still I still I'm like whoa
like you don't I mean I wish I mean
obviously I'm not their audience I'm a
30 year old bitch you know what I mean
almost 30 I keep alive myself 30 I need
to not
age myself I'm a 29 year old bitch I'm
old I'm not their audience that their
demographic but you know they are
they're just they do immature things
which is annoying but but I do I do get
into it like when they buy cars and I
don't know it's interesting their houses
their lifestyle what they do I mean just
buying like a school bus and like just
doing crazy it's kind of like
jackass meets the hills meets you know
YouTube there's new generation which i
think is smart and anyway so the whole
point of all that was is I'm gonna be a
maverick and I'm gonna do my Logan pump
will help huge my boobs look in this
shirt by the way I don't know why
v-necks always make you look super busty
err so if you're busty and you want like
even more busty or you're not busting
wanna wear some V necks I swear this is
like whatever so I have my Logan merged
my maverick merch I did my Jay Paul
March but honestly I'm not gonna lie
like Logan Hall's merch is like a wall
better just like the quality of it is
veterans I know it sounds weird it looks
nicer it looks more mature like I can
wear this and I feel like a weird person
like sometimes I had to tie died one by
a je crois I almost wore that one time
even just to get my hair done when I was
looking us I can't it more this out I
just looked a little sloppy I don't know
I'm low gang all the way okay so that's
what we're gonna go film I have a
subscriber who falls me on Twitter
bringing up her Pomeranian she was gonna
bring four I think she's only gonna
bring one or two now I'm fine with
whatever I said I only needed one to be
calm my sister has she actually already
has that what are they called Sun Sun
Conure it's Conrad Suns I don't know
she already has like literally the same
bird as maverick
her name is pixie so I'm gonna use that
I was like I'll be cute to get a dog and
I put out to tweet if anyone had
Pomeranians and this girl had really
cute ones I guess she recently got their
hair so she was like nervous but check
it over to catfish you they don't have
like the floppy hair anymore and I was
like
at my mom
that was my mom I was just talking about
patreon about um so yeah it's gonna be
like I don't even have anything really
planned I'm even what I'm doing I just
thought it'd be funny to have like the
merge keep pics and then I have my G
Wagen which is like his Yeti I mean has
gotta get pretty sick I'm not gonna lie
like it's sick
these kids are so young like sometimes
when I watch I'm like oh my god what am
i doing but it's you know it's what's
pop it on YouTube and YouTube's always
changing so I gotta see what the kids
like and so I thought it'd be fun to
kind of do this like Logan Paul thing
cuz I watched so much of him lately and
I know it all has slang so we're gonna
see how that turns out and I'm working
with my mom and my sis and so we are at
the beach so nice see how that goes
you guys are you guys asking why didn't
you get your mom and sister the owl and
alligator fetches I did so you don't see
it doesn't mean doesn't happen and they
have it right in their house my mom made
me breakfast
I perform there she lied in the snapchat
there is my bird my star over there it's
not my Birds my sisters we just shot
half of the morning-room team now we're
waiting for the pups thank you show them
my sister is killing this I wish this
was sponsored I know you guys think I'm
prize sponsor a SAP but we love it
it's playing on fire and I'm like
mesmerised
mom what are you doing over there
and this is our Monday
this is snow like janta oh my goodness
gracious
just a little Hey I know that's no wow I
think so else nine what's this one's
name brand bo look at them they're just
so here we put you down bubby and that
one is Rambo Oh Rambo Bobby's snow she's
the one on my Twitter and she's so cute
these are all her pups she's letting I
literally was like I just know one palm
and she has so many that wants the
precious I think that one's the one we
got using the video
well I have no birds are like this is
very quickly everything see Callie that
one right there no well this is the one
I think we're to use this one I was my
first money help she's precious
this is the one that Julie kept sweet uh
texting me I was like her face is so
cute she was there they got you right
here now but they're just as cute
they're just as cute do you honor okay
hey Kiki we have all these Bob's no Lina
you're so gay people you don't be shown
I want to show you a little bit sure
there's somebody your technique was so
cute dude she's like thank you so much I
usually watch it when I was in high
school my old best friend and like I
don't know I just like Camaros no I know
you were so cute I was like literally I
look at you they have a girl you're so
cute more so with it I feel like the
weird one asking you to bring up dog
yeah like jolt external our she's got
that you're weird not oh I love it
you're literally so cute and you're like
smart and you have all these dogs look I
want to so yeah we're shooting we're
finishing our morning routine and I
kinda want to take them I want to take
them all on my car and like take
pictures in there like videos baby claw
okay let's do it
over there she'll keep that one I know I
gotta be cuter I just and they're so
tiny wisely the best I feel like I'm not
a very good hostess I just want to see
all the dogs like that one okay at the
airport you know they're usually yeah
the animals may have Warren says
at me oh they're starting that at the
could be home his please help me
we're kidnapping this one we're stealing
her oh my gosh I honestly this is why I
love the Internet I would never have
been able to meet Julie or all these
dogs somebody I get my blog you're like
oh I don't care about social media or
anything she's like she just was so
sweet she brought up all these dogs hi
babies people look look at the cameras
and she were all these to audition for
my morning routine I know I made it just
because she's so so little and sweet
they're all cute but they're all a
little feisty this one our girl she's
just chillin and picks up I was always
the star what's up pigs she's doing good
too you're doing so good so we're does a
little family in here just so cute
