whoo always a hot mess Express when I
want to get my hair done I am NOT
getting a color down again I am going to
get extensions I am not feeling the side
part with the tape and extensions and my
lovely Zoe does my tapings most of the
time is ad town so I'm going to Bellamy
Beauty bar which is in LA it's on
Roberts and it's great you can like go
in they have the tapings there that you
can purchase they have people who
install them which is great my girl
Savannah is actually working today which
worked out so them also do you love my
codependent top I wanted to make this
for myself but so I did on my
Spreadshirt and I just made it available
to you guys if you guys want to get one
too because I think it was like I really
wanted to look depending you guys I like
I'm so motivated and inspired again so I
put out I don't know when you're seeing
mr. probably see us in a few days or
something I put out a video about talked
about my patreon which I explained in
the video was like kind of a mix between
my You Tube job cuz I'm introducing you
guys to my other job which is not webcam
but I have done personal private snaps
before before snapshot I was doing it on
a website now it's basically just snaps
use it's just a lot easier a lot more
personal and you get a lot more content
I guess you could say which is cool that
was like the main thing that I was like
okay I'm gonna offer this and just put
that out there knowing I would get so
much judgment and here's the thing yes I
I did get a few people be like you know
like what the fuck dress you know what I
mean but most of you girls and guys are
super supportive like actually want to
find out there's a lot more guys than I
thought that watch me but you also a lot
of chicks I love talking with you guys
on my private snap sure I know it sounds
like one big promo I'm gonna get off of
it in a minute but I really truly love
talking you guys on my private snap jab
like I'm usually always naked like just
FYI like I don't know no one seems to be
shocked obviously because that's what it
is and I'm usually naked I love like
responding to you guys on there and like
talking on there it's just a lot easier
I'll have to like we don't use your
personal snapchat anymore because it I
was like I wasn't just really using my
personal snap if you do want to see like
shopsite types up in Instagram I
probably post Instagram story just
because more people watch that and so I
have the private snapchat that I've been
doing and it's kind of why I kind of
fell off I mean one because I've been
doing private snaps for a long time I
just never really talked about it point
of all this is like it's really cool you
guys have really motivated me a lot of
people will sign up for the videos and
so that really wanted me to be too so me
right now I'm on this like hi I want to
do all these videos and fill them for
you know the page the patrons basically
for that like all this because I've had
something like sexual once I want to
film having said all that I'm still
going to be doing my main channel and
this one just like I was before I'm
putting a lot of time and she's like
this morning your teen I'm gonna be
filming and I you know my cringing dogs
I'm doing like this whole thing with it
just like one turn this is her final it
will definitely not get monetized and
it's literally just for fun in your
entertainment so this is kind of cool
and I'm motivated again because because
I do love making content and the fact
that now I'm making content for people
I'm still able to like do these ironic
so now I can still do music videos or
music you know what I mean I don't think
I won't realize my thick music video
cost literally seventy thousand dollars
to make I'm having dinner with brandy
from slapping Big Brother aka and also
the Real Housewives at Brandi Glanville
she was texting me and we're eating at a
place I'm really excited to see her I've
been talking to her and Chad a lot since
I've been back
Brady's obviously a mother so she's
super busy but I was super excited she
wanted to hang out I such a funny thing
about me Randy like why aren't she's
going the house is like oh my god we are
not gonna get along I just thought we're
not gonna long you know I met her she
was really sweet but she was a twisty I
mean Jordan a lot at the beginning and I
was just like Oh like I couldn't stand
them and we butt heads for the first
couple days because I thought she was
like bossy you I told her this her face
I still joke about it to her
it's like you're so bossy cuz she would
say Sonic don't say this Evan but you
know once I said it should I totally get
you she was I can be so bossy you like
that's just me and the shoes I'm so
sorry and like never happen again and
then we were like actually really really
cool and Titan house in fact the night I
laugh Brandi's like please don't leave
me here please don't leave me because we
actually like bonding a lot me her and
Helen like bonded a lot which you get to
see on the show because it's not drama
but I love her so much
and she obviously lives here in LA so
I'm super sad to see her but anyways
like I was saying you guys just honestly
thank you fries for supporting me and
like watching my videos you don't I mean
just like overall just being a support
you know it's really cool and above
anything as cool as you guys just
embrace it I know people have opinions
the thing is is I'm actually so happy
and like my personal life right now to
that I'm just like I kind of just don't
care it's so funny to me that how cuz it
is here's the thing it is super
time-consuming when I was doing nothing
and I hanging out with people now it's
like I don't have the time in the day to
hate all the people I want hang out with
like you know when I didn't have any
time in the world like it just seems
like oh my god everybody like you just
you just feel like the weight of the
world on you but now that I would like
have a life I'm like oh my god how I
don't even have time to keep up with
what people say about me like who like
oh this but yeah I'm just like I don't
have time I also don't care why anyone
cares what anyone does this was so crazy
why anyone cares what anyone does the
point of like researching investigating
trying to expose it's like Braille
what's your life you don't mean like I
watched Shane videos I watch you know I
watched a ton of vloggers I watched on
people that I invest you know Gabby and
clean and I loved them I was like you
know humans they're also my friends and
people I don't know like I'm gonna don't
know that I watch
I guess like logan paul i watch and like
Phil DeFranco and keep those are people
I don't know and I'm like I care about
what they're talking about I love
watching their videos but you know I
find them very interesting like
following whatever they're doing would I
care enough to be like oh my god there's
scandal let me investigate or ring out
they're doing this like the song you
know no you know I don't cuz like I
don't have time to be going that deep
you don't need me some people go really
deep him you know whatever people art is
always gonna be unhappy with something
you're doing it's like but luckily I am
in a good place in my personal life cuz
if I wasn't it probably would affect me
a lot more like what people have to say
but like how's that honestly the the
response is great even on my private
snaps my sister actually helps me add
the people for my private snapchat like
monitors it with me um as far as like
just you know the monthly go shoes and
all a stuff like that um and it she like
reads some of the cop responses
sometimes and she's just like they will
really love you Trish and you know my
sister can be not judgmental but she's
definitely not as open as me and
open-minded and all that stuff of that
and you know and she's like this is
really cool cause like I said even the
girls that I talk to when they're it's
like super cool you know I I know for me
like I get really I there's a couple
girls the reason I start at the private
snaps there's a couple girls that I
personally follow their private snaps
and I'm like this is so fun it's so cool
to see someone like that element of just
being themselves and not really giving a
fuck because this is like whatever man
you're here for a reason you don't mean
you're not getting the haters
and if you want to pay monies hate on me
okay I love that like whatever you don't
know mean like but no it's all it's all
love and it's really great so I'd like
more inspired than ever I want to start
doing like really epic shoots for like
the news and like the lingerie photo
says I love taking pictures so this is
also a very cool way to share the news
and all happen and it's just all
inspiring and like I said even though
just the video tier of just making
sexual like videos or more explicit
videos that you can't put on YouTube
it's just really inspiring to me it's
motivating me again because it's that's
the stuff I love you know and I love
like I said love the eating shows I love
walking and I love I love a lot of
things but my sexuality is a big part of
who I am and my openness with it and
like I like to do it I like to share it
and like the fact that it gives me a
creative outlet and now with this new
like interest it's kind of just rien
spired me all the way around to do you
know my regular youtube videos and then
also to do these videos um it's just you
know it just gives me motivation and at
school so I think guys anyways um yeah
we got a lot to do today it's kind of
midday already I should go home and film
I've been getting such a funny thing
when you're happy and is living life and
not stressing things kind of just come
so I actually have a quite a few
sponsorship deals for my main channel
which is crazy because you know for a
while especially when I'm like hey
when's your shift oh my gosh you know
any means you're like stressing out but
now that I'm like okay I don't really
need sponsorships and I can just kind of
doing YouTube just front like it's
actually like it's actually really doing
great so it's cool man you know it's why
I'm happy and like and honestly like
this is something that's like giving me
like new creativeness and just new
I don't know like crazy I'm making
embedded apps adding I think it's really
fun and yeah so that's that anyways I'm
breaking out so bad that like Oh scary
I'm gonna just let my new good glasses
joint tortoise in pink glitter I have
rainbow ones too
I'm obsessed with these Gucci they make
so many different colors
you know guys know jason nash has my
golden pink ones but he wears them all
the time I'm so happy I gave them to him
I was old but I'm glad that he loves it
and wears them that makes me happy um
cuz I love these they're just so perfect
cuz they make your nose look little a
little face except such a big face you
guys I'm excited and um I don't know
it's just cool to get like Rhian spired
and I'm thinking of like my next
creative things like I really do want to
travel which will be cool for the vlogs
for you guys but then also I can do my
patreon stuff like me lingerie shoots my
photo shoots and roaming cool locations
and snap and cool locations from a
private snappers then like I said for
you guys I can do my major nobody else I
look like do love working like when I'm
somewhere cool I want to work my butt
off and work hard and play hard you know
what I mean like so just give you me new
ideas for stuff to do and now I can
I know I'm just getting reading spired
so thanks guys for that you know what
kind of needed something new I think to
and I'm moving I don't know where I'm
moving but I'm moving soon I have a best
friend of my life who I love more than
anything there was this new guy I'm kind
of starting to date that I'm excited
about he's someone's so different than I
normally dated so I'm like my family and
I are tight um I'm gonna try and get
them to work for me like full-time
hopefully by the end of this year which
should be awesome and more than anything
I truly have been loving connecting with
you guys not just the private snapshots
but tweets and just you know even that
like I was just expecting so much heat
and like just so much support and just
like keep being give like do you we're
here for you whatever you want you know
what I mean like so I'm never gonna
sounds like oh my god I feel like you're
leaving YouTube someone to ask never
never I will never leave YouTube like I
love it I love because use the things
beyond the money or anything whatever I
love entertaining you guys but also I
can bring cool opportunities like I'm
doing a TV show in November um because
of you don't even like it and some
people brother obviously like even
though it is what it was you know you
brought me that opportunity so I'm never
gonna stop it you know I really love it
I just love doing new things like music
there's no music in my dance videos were
like a big thing that was inspiring me
and then I got over um it just it's what
I am I have a hard time just good I
legit I'm like literally blobbing I
literally just missed my turnoff
today I did know I didn't die I have no
idea where they am oh no no I didn't
Oh nervous
I don't just thank you I don't know like
you guys are so sick you guys give me so
much support I don't know what I did to
deserve it that's like even if you're
not patron or whatever just like I said
just the fact that you support what I'm
doing it like I'm trying something
different and like you know I'm just
being different I don't know I just it's
cool like it's very cool it feels like
unconditional love to me that I don't I
haven't always gotten in my in my real
personal life so Danny hello everyone
getting ready for Halloween
that way close to me bouquet not saving
event parking always a challenge it's
not there a Sam
Pat house the place where I met Brenda
party is right next to Bellamy I just
get really nervous and I come down this
way
park parking lot
you never got my money back for panels
what was the other appearance gonna give
you
have a belly
I want easier I think see I tried to
dispute in and just you never see them
small claims court you see was a lot of
work doesn't okay
it's five thousand dollars but whatever
I mean we did get kicked out of our
party early I didn't get my cakes
but you take a lots of money sometimes
live and learn next she's my thirtieth
I'm already thinking about my mom's 60th
I don't know where I'm gonna be what
kind of place in life I'm gonna be at
but super excited about it
I had a burger I probably didn't need it
it wasn't actually that one grieving for
it I felt like I should eat
I'm gonna rise up
you makeup on my face - I got to a
sponsored video today we're just gonna
go here
look parking at its finest
talk them just have to worry about a
meter or anything cuz I make such as
going
hello hi mm I'll probably the maximum
yeah okay okay thank you
the keys inside please thank you thank
you
I have no romance I look crazy put them
in all black and white so I feel like
that kind of I'm wanting it to be full
so bad it's not super hot out but it's
definitely not sweater weather I'm ready
for fall you have pumpkin spice latte
the place so nervous walking by I'll get
shot today
a scary place don't ever have a party
their food
time runs during the max dear Christian
my baton
I really didn't mean that I'm like so
full and the video I wanted to do was
actually it just wants a video but I
couldn't come up with the concept it's
actually eating oh this is Bambi oh we
have new wigs so excited for my tapes
weights they're super cute
useless sick
I'm just here
you should have been taped I would be so
sick
back one
okay
crazy he's going upstairs to get it done
alright guys I'm leaving it Bellamy I
got the black and white tape ins 20
inches they are so sick and now I have
to go get ready for my girl date but
Bellamy hip to that for me they are
great if you guys want some tape ins you
can about Bellamy hair
oh hey Savannah she did my extensions
for me she's amazing she always comes my
house he looks so pretty I was like
rushing around like I gotta go but it
looks really good I love it
