yeah that kind of hurt okay wasn't your
fault guys my leg smells like a dank
vagina right now because some liquid and
it's like Justin's car's a mess which is
fine I don't care how suffice but I put
my bag down then I went to go take my
camera in my bag and I put the on me and
now my knees Mel's like his car which
was like a pink magenta yeah oh yeah we
should go to church today oh yeah we
forgot in there no that's nothing you do
a church I'm kidding come with me well
the thing is is the reason why the car
is dirty is because you've you know you
know my life do stuff you do stuff my
kids do so don't even start that you
want to hear today our fight which had
back to Vegas by the way today I changed
everything but here's nothing what did
you pay it whitter start our fight but I
got mad we were having a good ol time
and then we're at the gas station she
said you go you go there you go are you
gonna hide stopped to get gas and she
goes are you gonna fill the whole tank
yeah oh yeah it drives me crazy when
someone just don't like happening like
no I know it's Sunday it's the perfect
day to like fulfill your fill your tank
is that I have nothing take care of your
ass nothing really to do today except
take care of your ass that's how you
said it'd be a fluctuation of everything
on that kiss you but your makeup no I
said I would kiss you but your makeup
looks so perfect right now like I'm
saying like I I was apologizing I was
only kidding is such a joke I have to
remember not to say don't have a sense
of humor no you do you have a great
sense of humor but you know I understand
when you know it's different when you're
like you're looking to me for you know
to go out to not be a comedian and be
your boyfriend
yeah I get it you're learning and aired
for that reason Tricia I have composed a
song every day I'm ready for okay my
window internationally known to me
tasting of my bags hey hey it's the
first job long it was good I called you
a princess I looked nobody I looked out
my window and I saw a praline yeah yeah
internationally-known
they caught you a lot of food and wine
but even though she's so popular with
all these people that's that's not
important
okay important to me is who she is
actually but sometimes you're really
really mushy with me and you're like
you're so beautiful you're so perfect I
want a waiting for a perfect mom that's
a little bright beautiful you're so
beautiful you're so perfect it's so
serious so serious to me yeah she's the
trash she is the triggers bring it in
the Gospel Choir and now they're singing
to the Lord you want to go to church
okay well are you dressed yep Church
this is my church outfit God does not
judge in church that make Jewish he it's
a privilege you don't I don't go to
church you know you and I are not
religious I'm not really just so I don't
know what's gonna happen with that it's
a very very conservative Christian girl
over here you think I'm gonna you know
go all Joel Osteen on you happen you
know what you have inner ring on it
before you can get any of this milk this
cow we saw a nursing station and is so
funny just like be in the nursing
station with tisha then has someone open
the door I wondered if that it just for
fun but you're like I wish made
something fun loss I was like oh I'm
down to six you a nurse you know you
know that I can do because that's
Christian it's not sexual I gotta get
you milk well you know this will be the
compilation of Trish making jason nash
and comfortable for two minutes straight
and there's so many of those out there
this one I'll just be like I'm starving
yeah I got a feeding for you that's not
one reason I really would love to be
pregnant
so I can have some milk in my boobies
chocolate milkshakes oh that would be
yummy wait wait how do I get a milkshake
she removes around I don't know have you
ever tasted let me to go there for ya
breast milk yeah yeah how does that have
you no comment yes really
why I don't know my good ones for a
video just yeah for a video you just did
it for fun I can't print this off into
the world yet and I'm revealing a big
breasts Belgard insulation hmm Jason
Arnie were these by the way oh I can't
tell you all the people who were me so I
can tell you Criss Angel warm but I
can't tell you everyone else who warm
they were going around faces last night
in your new shoes you know I'm not
wearing them babe are you shooting oh
did you really go
in fact let's go with everything -
sneakers I'm dressed that moreover
sneakers that's a smart way
good you getting stickers you know it so
first went to Gucci yesterday and she
bought sunglasses and some shoes and I
approved both purchases I thought they
were both right on the money yes
but I am worried like that you know
concerned that now she's in the good she
gained and in the Gucci game
you're the coach gained you nothing
you've been a good thanks sorry as long
as you're with me every day and every
night I think it happened to me did you
get anything good you came but you came
so yeah so that you tease me you said
don't bring up moving in together but
you tease me he's you're like okay let's
go home I'm like just keep the way he
said it
I wish we're flying home I'm my home
attendant but it's not very homey oh
it's Jeff's house and Scott's house it's
my house too
okay I do our bedroom to wherever our
bedroom at my house yes you're the
bedroom Torres yeah he is my CI romantic
bedroom nice to show the paintball gun
so my mom's over here getting my
packages
well it's not like I bought it it's like
I have to show we don't need a beautiful
presentation yeah but I mean like I want
to show me my viewers so they know
what's up so I start the trends here
blinged up I've order from them for
blinged up comma i order this case well
she she has on her Instagram story she
was first person to DM you can get this
for like 30 bucks and idea I'm doing I
guess I was on it it's really cool
actually I'm gonna put this on my phone
case gonna have this like Verizon one
for a minute also can just come here
look at the come in this light over here
little one
this shirt she's wearing what what like
she has the Train the me and chain
sweatshirt on now she has me and she
took one layer of me offer another layer
oh look at that that's what you came
over in and then she took it off and
then beneath dream oh my god you look so
crazy
I'm getting more of my tinsel and mom
show that dizzily you said from the
thing that was actually kind of funny
that's what I'm getting in my hair it's
all like fine delicate ear doesn't my
mom start knotting it in okay so yeah
I'm getting more in for Valentine's Day
we're getting a little more gold touch
up and then got the red and the pink and
everyone always asked me there's event
extensions wipe ascent day is his name
on insta I'm trying to get him post more
he's been doing better but yeah I met
him through it you guys know Tiffany my
lip injection person that's how I met
him so sharing is caring so anyone who
ever wants to use them use them he's
amazing and great and I love pencils and
I'm like I'm getting addicted I've been
giving likes to honey caller so it's
like you know for hair but when it's
done we'll show you guys the the final
but it's early by the way guys we've
been up since like 7:00 a.m. doing this
so and it's we've been dating for like
two hours now we're almost done so my
mom's over there opening packages
anything new mom over there what else do
we got Oh buzzer oh my god that's like
really nice Jory I'm so excited yeah
I'll show you guys that in a sec a
little macaroon
oh yeah oh sorry Valentine's Day
you can get a little macaroons in this
gift boxes mm-hmm
so cute Bonjour like one of like each of
the best ones I don't I don't know
nothing about yep yeah pick thank you
but yeah very good and maybe is a next
one last one perfect yeah a little hard
yeah that'd be great
get one for my mom one for Jason I want
for me you're my valentine
so pretty
and for me
I love Alan I've asked you before that
read this back
hands down these are the best nachos he
said she's came back three factory
nachos the way they melt the cheese is
chicken they fly everything on the side
he said eat it yummy you guys my mom got
this pizza that has pizza like sauce and
then fettuccine alfredo
and one thing I brought out here this is
my favorite dish yeah that's amazing I
got my little Buffalo spicy chicken
thing from do drink it pasta too but I'm
a big day today so I gotta like pace
myself yeah we're putting up we ate like
all those nachos was there so for good
we just like go to town on those yummy
first bite hmm is it good you ate both
the bites together
oh I love that that was everything these
are really good Jim
we're destroying this little thing but I
was so filled you have my picture remedy
that's what it was I was white that
tastes like a bath water but rosewater
interesting what are these things these
little
are you gonna go get your portable water
that's so funny hi guys what is up
I know I'm just dropping you off here
and our first fulfill theme which I'm
really excited about um meeting laughing
obviously I can talk about because I
don't really know what exact was
happening but when I know for sure I
like guys know for sure when my laura
bell bundy inspired Legally Blonde
outfit so I feel very like smart yet me
who I should I just seriously feel like
that was when I wear this so honey
