slurpy turnout gross Joe I like tonight
actually got a dr. Hubbard night
um yeah punching Keys a nice app and
link to the game but
so the James Corden show literally comes
concentrate so they do Hannibal I love
it for him what they like the beat it is
the Late Show with James Corden
why they did it they did that or unless
we perform the crosswalk crosswalks
musicals
yeah so I'm gonna gas in the car oh no
these are my sleepy choice and I just
touched that nasty-ass gas thing with it
tonight we are going to the hay ride and
ride at 13 I actually haven't been in
the Holy Spirit this season so actually
was gonna do anything like decorating or
like dressing up or even doing like
Halloween videos but my friend James he
goes too soon the blocks before I love
him and my friend Brian what actually
that you seen in the vlogs
it's not using my snapchat Instagram
he's coming to a girlfriends so we're
all going to this right at the 13th me
because it is started 13 today and then
we're under the hay right and actually
James playing the whole thing and got
the tickets which is really sweet so I
literally couldn't say no and it also
was just really sweet and I am excited
I'm gonna
not tomorrow ish
socks because I love him and he's great
but the thing is he's quitting on me
well he's not quitting is hiring so he's
finishing up my taxes for me this year
but it just sucks because I'm a friend a
new relationship with someone cuz I'm
how to prune thank you I appreciate it
yeah yeah really
and ruled the party exact
oh my god that's crazy
kind of like Mary Kay Cosmetics okay
very key for cosmetics good oh I look
into that around eight more hey they're
digging dollars without business really
yeah that's true you're putting up with
it
yeah and Hollywood yeah
maybe there's multiple ones and what
gets that big I just I'm so flustered
right now
I just left my my eating show how I felt
bad for well if you don't see any sense
I'm really bad and out of hot cast it
felt bad for like like oh boy people and
I and if you watch the thing you'll see
that I've been saying I besides it
doesn't awesome guys hungry jail
I don't show my teeth um that guy was
actually really sweet but it is awful
that you just ran the door oh my god
it's awful that we think up we need to
get scared of homeless people which is
stupid because like are they gonna do
and I always feel like people actually
mess with them more than they mess with
losers so much traffic and this lighting
sucks do we actually feel right about to
say Oh cause of doughboys people I feel
bad but I also feel that hold you boy I
bet her in my slob and so I know I'm
using this right so much but I'm
pathetic that's just um I just made
heart hurts for people a lot more than
usual because at the core of it people
consider I'm gross I'm fake money hungry
greedy self-absorbed whatever but the
other day like I do have a really like I
know this I'm not saying this to be like
egotistical or like happen so laughs I
mean I I know I have a good heart cuz
they feel I truly feel people's pain and
I feel bad for people I'm like such an
extreme level where it like I don't even
know that kind but I mean really sad
like at first I was scared of him then
he seemed actually kind of educated like
he knew about me right not not that
homeless who aren't educated oh god son
so bad but he just
oh that time it's better lighting now
huh he just seemed to have some
knowledge and I'm just like well what
you know what what transpired that he's
homeless and I just never to seen it I
just feel like there's always gonna be a
job for someone or always been asked am
i guessing about this like you weren't
gonna get a job let's say YouTube social
me everything like I couldn't do that
anymore I feel like I've always been
able to get a job even though I can't
really hole like 95 drops I can find
like a stripping job or like you know
huh you know then it's all so bad I'm a
bad example because I am gonna go sorry
well say that like I've always been
resourceful to make you money and stuff
like that but even if I couldn't get a
job my my I have family who would take
me an even family who doesn't like me
would take me and you don't know me in
like you know was really sad and I just
don't know I don't know it is all of it
makes me so sad and I've just been an
emotional like mess lately I don't know
what it is I don't know what it is it's
just really annoying I need a more
purpose and direction in my life I might
be hosting this show digital but I'm
hoping it's gonna go through because
it's gonna be like a three weeks shoot
and it sounds really really fun all this
stuff I get to do and I really want to
do it just to have something to do and
like house me to focus on and be
productive doing
I hope it comes sir fingers crossed
it's also why I've been spending more
time and effort and to even like look
books like this outfit look looks like I
you know I I don't have to like get
those locations and go to like the pink
cow isn't like the dungeon I just like
to do it cuz it gives me some sort of
purpose
I feel productive when I do it I feel
like I've done something I feel like if
I'm working I guess it gets me on my
house so hard to do more of that stuff
anyways I'm blabbing I'm sorry guys it's
my walking camera you guys right we're
at Friday the 13 look at this money oh
this is so cute they don't have a
platform but they got some cool
well name em I got Bloody Marys so this
is the drink of the night we got Bloody
Mary in house if you had it read it
what campus care to triple date night
James is taking us all out to the movie
and the hayride 13 Roosevelt hayride and
he plan all of this I was like I think
you're the only okay friend of mine that
little dance it up you guys this is the
outdoor theatre so sick by Austin so
Trish is to teach me out of log with his
vlog number one hey we're at the
Roosevelt Hotel at the pool and we're
watching Friday the 13th because it's
kind of their game
it's good
really terrified yeah the prank the
freakout like it was a fucking selfie
stick oh it's cold - what we can go
straight nope I'm vlogging of course
because no one it will get played well
get flag flag because that's where the
tickets are so at the haunted hayride
try to pick your chains is cool look at
the P but I don't want to pee here I'm
scared but at least I have two guys with
me James as soon as you walk in they
start scaring you yeah there's gonna be
some beginning scare games got us VIP -
because he's bougie like me Oh James
yeah this looks so sick why is there oh
that's the line yeah good thing you got
VIP Peters the haunted here hey oh my
god your stuff the hayride has because
he was like looking at the camera yeah
this is like the line I know I said
you're my Bujji friend I mean you get
picked in front of this we took a
picture last year in front of this
so sick James with his selfie stick
scared you guys let's get a picture in
front of this
I can scare the police but I like it oh
yeah I'm Anna Korea I wasn't a picture
wish you'd done one like that that's so
he picked her up and that was like
really strong
oh yes you don't want us in the picture
guys so scary
okay the flash
reowww oh my gosh what the track your
your director you can love it this big
it's great it is actually it's great you
love it you love it
no I haven't posted yet that's cool
you in a picture of you I need to be in
the middle
oh my god
James don't let go Brian don't let go
wave a Brando let go of me I just I
don't let go when the camera in this
hand are you filming
yeah what is that oh my god Rancho
monkey Lowell Warren Warren we saw it
you know we still were like Oh James
will on me Brian be careful what the
flashlight on that's like not the point
no I'm single yeah no I'll take the
flashlight close to my heels good call
arise we're all linked up to each other
you know you're right there's another
one
James
don't do that oh my god am i calling you
guys this is so bad yeah why
are we though yes
we got everything that was so scary
hilarious wait is it still going are we
done we're honest okay I think we're
good we're locked in that was so scary
so dark I filmed the whole thing but I
can't see anything oh well okay so that
was scary as well so we're back on a
hayride you have to get off we warned it
can come to the hayride you'll have to
get off
long as we
like the whole baby stop playing oh my
god
hey everyone I hope you enjoyed this
vlog if you want to keep up with me on
my social medias they will all be linked
below so you can get up-to-the-minute
action where I'm at remember to be safe
this Halloween try to avoid large crowds
and just be aware of your surroundings
but I love you guys so much
have fun be safe thanks guys watching
this channel also subscribe to my main
channel which will also be linked below
and I'll see you guys real soon here my
Kasese from a little bit fishies bye
guys
