good morning I look crazy because
today's maintenance day but anyways I'm
putting together my little birthday I'm
terrible at presents I stuck at
president a second wrapping presentation
but I love my hair colorist Zoey she is
everything sharp from a moody ass for
years so I got our pair of Gucci glasses
for her birthday I'm also gonna pick up
some champagne after my eyelash
extension appointment I even got her a
card
guys I'm like Who am I I don't know how
to put this like wrap this present
so I'm so bad at packaging like I
honestly I would hire an assistant and
just to like pack presents for people
because I love presentation when someone
gives me a really cute present I love
for vacation
to me that's presentation right or do
you really need to fluff it
I have so much of this black I should
never got off light is throw away
anyways feels like my mate my Chelsea
shirt maybe in Chelsea hipster a friend
of mine Emma over in the UK cuz it looks
really funny
I'm literally awfully good enough in a
second I have to get going so good
traffic time and such an eyelash
official appointment if you're late you
are late and they do not like it you may
not get your appointment
sorry I got gum out Jim try not to talk
too much cuz I'm like I know I'm not up
to noxious gum chewer
you guys don't really want to hear it
again
oh we're just going to see last night so
jealous
well I have this new app it's not
sponsored I played piano and pareo beats
in and half legend and isn't wrong so
does that cute or not that's cute right
did I do it kind of I say when in doubt
hit one more can see paper in to make it
look like you are not cheap I wouldn't
give her this whole thing we want to pay
for trying to sweetheart
you I also have a chocolate chips I'm
Connor for making cookies here today
yeah guys I'd like a full am i why am I
wearing this it doesn't feel like me I
look crazy
so not sponsored all but these are the
two apps I use can you see that I'm like
obsessed with it like helps your anxiety
so much this has magic PN on the other
one is called sting I think it's the
same company ID like this this has
launched on snapchat before but my
sister she told me about piano it's so
much fun I don't know copyright but it
has like songs and you can play like the
piano anyways I love these apps they
help me oh wait
I don't know how fame awesome I got one
of these things from her cars do not put
that in jail yeah Easy's with this this
is literally a session on flattering
outfit like I look like such a tomboy
and my hair
I'm getting my eyelashes hair and lips
done today and then I have a meeting
tonight with my um manager over here
kind of manager you might imagine
yeah I think my youtube manager also
just an awesome guy that I love to have
drinks with so that's my day sorry I'm
chomping freaking animal what can you do
hey guys back in the car blobs oh my god
I look insane yeah my thing had broken
forever ago and I ordered it on families
on to prefer to order it off Amazon then
took me forever to open the package
because I knew it was something boring I
don't wanna open it if it's shaky let me
know I don't know I'm mMmmm this thing
breaks cuz it's like a DC forever to
figure out like
like if it's stable enough I think it's
stable I always get the same one so you
think it would be like an expert at this
point now
my car's clean them um oh my god I look
crazy I'm just like I was saying Jason
might say I'm doing eyelash first then
here um none lips understand all this
and I do have it on my lip
I hate sits on the lip nothing not that
there's anything wrong my gosh as I wash
that's why they labelled humbly nothing
there's anything wrong with like having
herpes or anything that there's nothing
wrong with it but what do you have is
everyone just like oh my god you have a
herpe on your lip and then you feel
really self-conscious about it
especially in LA cuz they say like one
in like three people of herpes in LA or
something about so I always get super
self-conscious cause I'm like oh my god
people they said there's nothing really
wrong with it it's just it's just one of
those things where you're just like but
I know you know what I mean but whatever
man someone's gonna judge you're gonna
judge oh he's a line for sneakers I
don't know if guys are seeing this but
there's always a line for sneakers I'm
so happy I'm moving out of this area
it's official I am moving out of this
area
I'm moving to a beach I don't know which
beach yeah I did love my old beach I was
at do I want to go back and regress
feels good to blow look in the car I
think these things in my mind when I
Drive all the time and I just haven't
had a camera to talk to you don't have a
camera
thank you I wanna look I loved the vjcl
and I loved it so much I mean loved the
restaurant with the aerial if I was
quiet but there are still people so I
felt like and it was bright and then
they were like a walking path like I
really really loved that Beach I'm
familiar with that I loved it but is
that like going backwards in life like I
moved that Beach to be my first
boyfriend and then I like had a great
years at the beach a second guy I was
eating and so it's just like huh do I
want to go to go back you know what I
mean you could always have start new
memories I mean that's how I look at
it's like well you know it's a new
chapter a new place I want to be moving
back at that place because that place
literally was too small for me there's
no way I can move back there but I just
feel so like this whole year and I think
it did start and I'm not explaining it
or anything that would start with the
eye pocalypse thing where it's like just
there's no ads I mean there's just no
ads I mean this this channel gets played
for everything I always submit for
review even even like that bit fun on
boxing which is just an unboxing and I
like don't swear I like purposely like
don't swear for those kind of
sponsorships they still they go under
review and then they still are like
inappropriate it's so messed up and
again it doesn't matter because it is
what it is I mean that just happens
right and you drop it just be food
changes you can fire you you adapt
whatever went um but because of such a
big change in my life where YouTube was
very consistent for me and it was just
ok I make youtube videos you know that's
how I pay my bills that's it um so kind
of just all that being thrown kind of
away as in a sense it's kind of getting
fired it's like here's how you explain
it's like I kind of got fired but look
but you can stay and work with us but we
were just I'm gonna pay you which is
like and you know what at the end the
day because I've always loved YouTube
and I always will love YouTube I think I
like it just because I love filming and
also I like the attention and I like
getting my name like my voice out there
not my name out there but my voice so
there's no question I'm right I'll never
not do it obviously obviously anyways
the point is I know what cuz some of you
get worried and it's like don't worry
about me obviously I mean I made you I
do I do well you don't even with
sponsorships so like definitely don't
worry about me it's just different and
then what it was which is it's it's fine
but because of that I think that started
just a series of things including you
know the way I day even like not because
of that but just like I'm changing to
like I don't know I'm like more awake I
don't know maybe I'm not and more maybe
I was oblivious or naive
so guys and the way they used me and you
know and I see it's so much more clear
now clearly clearly er more clear I
don't know why I mean I feel like I'm
just more a week now I don't even know
if awake is the right word I would say
like aware maybe I don't know conscience
conscience conscience
and so it's just like I'm kind of doing
this purge of friends Oh guys your
anything I realized you like I actually
like to be alone I'm a really moody
person to live with very moody I mean
I'm a moody person do it like go on
vacation for a few days it's like I'm
just a very mood based person so I can't
have a roommate I can't like live with a
guy like you don't mean like my
realization is this I love it sure I'm
so used to it so funny when they like
crank their next look at
no just blabbering why wasn't that poor
it anyways
we're two countries
Oh being alone like I actually have come
to terms with or maybe accepted that I'm
gonna how would be alone most of my life
but like I like it because when I over
exert myself if it sounds if it when I
over exert myself trying to build
friendships or socialize like when I
have forced myself oh that's bad to say
to like five ninety five percent of the
time I'm so happy I went out and was
like oh my god I loved it like I'm so
happy I hung out that person but it does
get overwhelming in my head so I think
it's just like a mental thing so now
that I have accepted that I like to be
alone I feel less pressure to what am I
even talking about just socialize I
guess I don't know also I'm I know I'm
so crazy coming from me but I'm kind of
what I want to travel more I do
people are like what happened do you
want to travel off you came back from
Big Brother and I was like absolutely
doing it absolutely I'm going to
I'm so sad like once I move which will
be soon and so excited start traveling
just a lot whether it's by myself or
with people or whatever the case is I'm
excited for that um but I'm also trying
to be like minimalistic like I love
getting rid of things and like giving
things away or throwing things away or
like selling things or something like
that you don't even like I have like
literally ten storage units just filled
to the brim of probably just junk so my
main goal and the next little ones
hopefully my mom my sister I can't get
them to help me if you're go through it
and donate it all go through it and sell
it I think selling it is going to be a
lot of work cuz there's just so much
stuff so I would love if there was a
donation company I think Salvation Army
will come pick up
so I would love they could just
completely clean out my storage units I
was gonna turn much but like when that
started last Christmas yeah last
Christmas I for the girls in my family I
had no idea what to get them like the
girls my feeling are so hard to buy for
like they're very minimalistic too in a
sense and they're also here in
particular on what they like with
clothes and purses but I do know they
love designer purses but again they're
so specific with their taste and style
like I'd be like me if you want me
something pink or sparkly you know I'm
gonna love it
with them they're so specific and they
have just a specific tiles like all the
girls couldn't
so anyways out for Christmas I'm like
literally it's like a life story I don't
know why I'm just I gotta talk to you
forever for Christmas I gave them all
like I said even penny any person you
want to have a huge what I'm gonna film
on apartment tour before I start packing
up all my stuff it's messy but I'm gonna
just feel most you guys can't see my
layout I don't like to film apartment
tours when I'm actually living there I
don't know it feels weird I don't know
it just feels like you're giving away I
don't know like why would you want
someone to know the layout of your
apartment not that like people don't
know where I live or whatever but it's
it's weird
so anyways I'm gonna come because I do
like partner tours I'm just gonna film
that right before I go out so you'll see
that my second bedroom it's really cool
actually like if my offend like a cool
view or about a location where I live at
probably day also it's like whatever I'm
doing a whole video on why hate where I
live now like oh my god it's been like
the apartment from Hell to be honest the
reason I say it so long it's just not
appear laziness and I'm just like not
trash like you're very unhappy like this
is making you feel worse but the reason
I do love it is one it's two stories and
it's pretty sweet like the actual
apartment suite you know what I mean
it's cool - I worked meet these people I
prefer all I had to say like that
some old friends of mine helped me um
help me turn that into like this like
amazing walk-in closet that I just never
forget together fully because I just had
always way too much stuff and so the
reason I want to be minimalistic cuz I
like to know where my things are that I
like and what I you know things I don't
where it's gonna get rid of all of a
sick sick walking built-in custom quads
that we built from you know it was just
making it but it's still a really sick
house all these like pull outs and purse
right I don't know if I can move that or
if it's custom for that room I don't
know how it's gonna work but we'll
figure that out when that time comes
but there's you know on my designer
purses were in there which is really
cool and so anyways I was like go in the
closet pick whatever you want and I did
that for a lot of females in my life
like my family and some other closely
people that work you know with me or for
me whatever you want to say you know I
let them pick up first and I felt really
good too
it wasn't just like I didn't feel like
I'm like oh I feel so good for giving
back no it wasn't like that it actually
felt good just for me to like get rid of
things in my life like it almost felt
like I don't know I don't know how to
explain it because I love my purses and
I love my shoes but the art just seems
and they don't make me happy like you
don't mean like yes I love wearing them
and there are certain shoes I like only
I guess they make me so happy in purses
but I think that day like I don't miss
any of those purses I said pick whatever
bake you want you know I heard a
Valentino a Celine blunt yoga I you know
I just felt good like
it just feels good and I got rid of a
lot of Louboutins like I sold quite a
few leave at Hunt I just had so many and
it kind of almost was a little
depressing having all this stuff and not
and not memories not people you know Amy
I don't know I know it's really weird if
you have a good social life or you know
love life or if you're in a happy place
you know maybe it's hard to understand
psycho man I would love a Louie would
have her sir I would look but though
they're literally just things and like I
said yes I got like the first the first
one I ever bought was a speedy bandolier
and I was obsessed that bag and made me
so happy like oh my god I was just like
oh it's so so bougie and that's great
but with anything when you over saturate
yourself or your life with anything you
overdo something it takes away the
specialness it takes away that passion
that love that excitement that spark and
I kind of feel that way yes I love
buying new purses like I see a bag and
like I want like I just want Coach
Versace pink something like that stuff
makes me happy but you know it's feel
far between I haven't bought any
designer purses I mean I've had lot for
and like the past like few month but
before that this will year at Empire
like one designer bag
so anyways it was moving I just want to
get rid of a lot of clothes because
there's so many clothes they don't wear
I've never wear I purchased a lot of
clothes already
I just want to keep doing it so when I
say I want to live most like the
lifestyle yes I do I wanted to like just
declutter things I won't ever you have a
purpose in a place and a reason and a
passion there is a method I forget what
it's called you can just stick one
through sales sorry guys okay forget the
method I saw someone cleaning out their
closet to this method like I go through
everything like one by one if it doesn't
serve a purpose or make you happy like
get rid of it and that's what I gotta do
I do it and then I keep some stuff and
like I just gotta do it again I just
gonna keep hurting purging purging until
I'm I'm somewhat minimalistic you know I
mean
it's like I said I'm just gonna just a
different headspace like I just want to
live life and like who cares about you
know I don't know I don't know because
I'm always gonna be materialistic like
material material things like I do like
them they do make me happy I you know
but traveling and like being with people
has been making me happier or even just
being alone well I just wanted to keep
by myself
then we're asking a lot I have this
really good friend of my life I never
talked about him he's really private
he's public but he's really private
about his private life but he has public
figure but he's been such a good friend
to me and we've been going out to get a
lot together to movies and stuff like
that and I just want to be around people
like him you know I mean like that just
I don't know and don't get me wrong here
because like I said I like you know I
like having people out of just in my
life adjust to me my life and they don't
want anything from me but don't give me
one I really do love so to me to do so
when I'm around people who want to be
like try better ever or maybe don't
really necessarily get where enjoying
don't really have me as you think like I
do wish I could flog more cuz I do have
so much fun with him and I feel like we
have such a good time I think you so
funny and hilarious I'm like you makes
me really happy
and we're just friends I mean we used to
hook up but we don't anymore
which kind of makes me a little sad cuz
I really do like love him um like like a
deep love like just soul the soul love
um obviously super attractive but
that's the other thing I've been so I'm
starting so much unfulfilled and in the
like Love sucks category I think maybe
use also my confidence isn't really high
at the moment I'm very self-conscious
lately which I'm not usually I feel I
got it I gotta get back to working out
and like has somewhat of a diet it's
just clay I don't feel confident I think
that's like and you're reflecting to
guys it just people in general some
I don't know I bought it it's just been
hard I just I do love food and it sucks
it sucks so much when you see like
people who don't have a weight problem
like you to eat whatever they want and
drink whatever they want and like just
not even think about it
I mean that's always been my struggle
it'll always be my struggle
our food and love insects mmm man the
Harvey Weinstein stuff man do I have
like stories nothing like the girls that
are coming forward like if I had
something like that my god I would
totally tell my story good you guys know
I don't mind calling out people who need
to called out but when it comes to stuff
like that you know what it is scary and
it sucks that people are kind of like
hard on the girls for being like you
should come out sooner because when it
comes to like sexual assault stuff like
that's unless you've been through it
which I feel like every female I've
known has gone through it in some
capacity and I spelled it in some way
it isn't very like even me like I kind
of feel it's so weird lately a lot even
Hamilton this girl came up futures to I
don't know if they identify as feminists
but you really do a lot for me and I
feel like just women in general which I
don't identify myself or consider myself
a feminist at all I feel like I'm I've
always felt like an anti-feminist but by
being like the anti-feminist you're a
feminist like I always have no I'm not
if I'm gonna it's like I love showing my
tits and I love being sexual and
sexualized and all stuff like that and
that cool that's a feminist cuz you're
just allowed to do what you want with
your body and like no one should make
you feel bad for that no one should
assault you for it whatever the case may
be force you to do anything because
you've want your body your sexuality
whatever and
oh but anyway so with the assault thing
you know I never care like if if people
judge me and like for you know I did doc
I did a whole dr. Philip so on it's like
okay yeah I just slutty or provocatively
and I put out pictures and be like well
this is why I can't get a guy because
you you know you degrade yourself to me
is on degrading to me it's like the
opposite like I feel very celebrated
that I can celebrate my body and show it
off and be proud and you know I'm not
si0 at all and but like I had my own
issues with um sexual assault that I
don't talk about on YouTube I mean how
do you just feel you just want to forget
it I guess I don't know you just don't
want to be real you just want to forget
it you whenever time like it didn't
happen like it's just a different thing
you know I'm very open and about a lot
of things but when it comes to that kind
of thing I do feel sometimes and this is
the anti feminism right here is like I
feel like maybe you know it's I did when
I felt like maybe it wasn't I thought
maybe you know I was coming on because
because a lot of these stories I read a
lot of times like you know I thought
we're going for a meeting and who's in a
bathrobe and I was like you know stop
and you know he still did it for me I am
a flirty person
so and this is again I do tweet about
this like you could be so flirty you
could just be like losing everything but
like if you say no you know it's no
shimmy no and if you do start doing some
thinking you're like no I don't do this
anymore stop like it should it should
just stop immediately so I guess for me
and it's also a huge reason I mean I
never talked about this and it's really
it's just not worth it's just not
something I wanna talk about because
it's not I don't wanna say it's not
serious but it's not I mean it is but I
think this should just be disclaimer and
a lesson for everyone who wants to like
come to Hollywood or whatever the case
may be especially in the acting world
I've learned this super quickies why
I've done things myself and gave up on
acting and I just you know
but because like I said going back to it
like because I thought well I did flirt
so I was kind of like I used to be
called the t's and I was the other one
tees and um I'm sorry I'm gonna make the
worst breed as Sheamus is a bad word I
got yellow that's what sort of brother
for saying the word spaz sorry
at ease and like I don't know always be
accused if we get to either like leading
people on and so and so let's tell what
happened that I did not want to happen
and I said no and I thought it was
really gross and disgusting at the time
nothing please I don't want do this I
don't want to do this like your back in
the day and this wasn't that long ago
like 10 years ago right when I first
moved to well I mean high eleven years
now when I first moved to Hollywood my
people literally thought that was like
like a invitation to keep going or like
it was some sexual like that as your
turn what it's fine I get it and like
some people like I don't judge Kings but
like people thought me being like no
stop stop meant like I was into it like
it was really weird so
I don't know
I'm glad guys are more I'm more aware
and concerned about that now because
sometimes and I'm like this is bad or
something like that where I'm like oh
who do I want to be doing this like but
I do want to do it for like this is bad
this is bad and then they'll be like
Jovita stop which i think is a great
thing I was like I said 11 years ago
that was not the case if I was like oh
this is bad like I shouldn't be doing
this like again they would just think
that's an invitation that I want it to
keep going which is so messed up
so I'm glad there is so much light and
awareness on this issue but I guess more
than anything because I have female
viewers like if you are in the middle of
like sex or you thought you wanted it
and then like middle the way you don't
feel right about it
and you say stop you have every right to
say that you have every right to change
your mind it's not being a tease it's
not leading people on like I honestly
think it's like messed up my head over
the years with sexuality and just also
just with who I am as a human being and
it just sucks it just sucks but like I
said I'm so happy like these things are
coming to light and and guys are it's
not just guys I know I mean stories have
come out even with guys it's always that
guy on guy a guy on girl and girls can
do it too I'm just glad it's like coming
to light that it's you know it's not
okay and you'll be called out and you
will be held accountable no matter how
much money don't want not no matter how
much power you have like it is great
that these stories is like podium but
athletes be called out for this like
read people like have to be scared and
to not doing stuff but if that's what it
takes it takes know what I mean
and like I said I would share my stories
but
I don't know I just think they're
irrelevant and also I don't know
I feel like just saying I've been
through some shit this is what I've
learned
I know
it's hard to come out about it and I
don't think it should demonize these
girls for coming out okay back to us
when she was 17 24 now I mean no coming
out in 30 years later though I want you
out sooner I think sometimes it takes 30
years to be ready I understand I can
ever remember
anyway so really happy I feel like it's
the more two guys for so long I guess I
meant whole you do I still love you too
I'm still trying to figure out what I
love doing on here doing it I mean I
have continued driving around what
behind you to doing it and thinking of
other ways to you know hustle yeah of
course but like you know four to five
years rolled around and it's like okay
not what you don't mean like like
everyone everyone should you don't plan
for your future and you don't have a lot
of goals I want to do and there's a lot
of projects I want to do that I fund all
my projects all my music videos and
music you know that's my main news
videos obviously open or exist in a very
low budget because you know those are a
big part those are like the majority of
my YouTube paycheck and like all the
other stuff like sponsorships with my
bills or receiving so I just you find a
way to keep doing fun projects and you
know find a way to do it the castle and
plan for my future no cuz who knows
thing is and here's the thing I never
thought you - sooner or later I did have
a feeling you would change or it's not
be what it is whether as a whole
platform which is what's happening now
or just even me personally because it
happens to the best the youtubers you
know the refused to go down or whatever
so I I was kind of new and I've been
doing it for 11 years and I've been
doing it successfully and you know while
off for six years so it's just different
you know but I am 30 or I'm moolah 30
and it's like in flicks it at four to
five years like if I just looked off
savings like then what do i do what's
next you don't I mean so you know as
long as the platform's gonna have me I'm
gonna keep making videos it there's like
I said the money is literally nothing
tarus new bills and stuffin taxes the
whole thing and I don't want to censor
myself so I'm just you know I'm still
making the videos I want to make him you
know if I put sex in the title or talk
about sex and even even in Las Vegas was
made public like he's a nice nap but I
found out dude
you bet if you talk about like a
shooting or something happening in the
news like those like like I'm sure this
bit it's we're like dude weirdest stuff
not the weirdest up but just like you
can't talk about anything so I you know
my big thing is I love talking about
Saxon whatever and like I just did a
vlog the last fall they did was this
x-wing one you know and it's like yeah I
know once we hit flight but it's like
this is what I want to put out there
that's what I love it's but YouTube
channel and like that's it so just kind
of adjusting and figuring out like if
something next moves my next steps it's
like I have a lot of options you know
I've been offered you know hosting my
own shows on apps and digital and all
the stuff like that and you know it's
kind of pushing me to do it and in a
good way like at first I was like I
don't need to but that's not a blazing
this because I'm like
you know I make out I make the money I
need this book maybe that's bringing me
to another opportunity like if I do host
these shows it's gonna bring me another
opportunity or open up another door to
something and i just need not be lazy
and i think this ad pocalypse thing is
really pushing me to not be lazy like
I've really tried stuff my hustle with
the exception of some Big Brother
definitely could've used that money
anything I only got like 10% of it or
something so I definitely use the whole
thing if I would have say two more weeks
or whatever the case is but you know at
the end of the day I something doesn't
make me happy I'm just I'm just not
gonna do it I'm just gonna quit I was I
was brought up a quitter I was raised a
quitter mom would let me quit stuff if I
didn't like it like I quit his cool play
like a week bro that was bad no that was
not actually my mom when we could have
play for the opening night that was I
was a pretty big
oh my god why did I do that oh I've got
all this bad karma
hi quite a lot of things are oh it's not
gonna be quitter now I'm making I'm
feeling bad about being a quitter it's
not gonna be a quitter I just have a lot
of issues
sorry it's the gun shooting has grossed
you out that's supposed to be out all
right I'm laughing thanks guys for
coming on this car journey with me
through the ride a lot less bring up I
love the guy as a muscly only Atlantic
century
they're a new location Jay Rana killed
my eyelashes in a good way
good dancing for the lighting is super
harsh she doesn't so good the lighting
so harsh I'd like squishy I was gonna
say I'd never like my eyes are like
never sensitive oh my god I almost died
traffic
okay I got a story about someone who
went blind not for extensions like we do
my card don't worry I had my wait
license I'm gonna cut less than an hour
she killed it okay I'm saying she didn't
last an hour usually my eyes are super
red and very sensitive so the point
where it's like it burns but I just held
the fans like a minute she's amazing she
takes kind of cars I love she's like the
best conversationalist because you don't
feel drained after you had a
conversation with her she's chill relax
I loved her she was great loves her
sentence I am NOT one of their promos I
guess they have promo people that like
do shit for like shoutouts how people
get shit free shit I don't get free shit
for anywhere man it's like I don't
really care but like I'll see people get
like oh yeah she's one of our promo
people or something not just start
laughing just saying in general also
okay so there's these there was these
fillers I should get going because I
have to go to my hair appointment but
you know what let's say that story
someone went blind from dose filters
we'll put it that way so if I don't if I
forget where my hey I gotta go to bed mo
and get some champagne for my
hairstylist to put in her birthday
present I also want to get some chicken
burgers I'm like hungry I said I wanted
to be on a diet all right but lashes are
bomb like these are like I know my eyes
I'll grab but like that's really good
for when I get the 16 inch full volume
mink lashes
I love the iPhone update sucks
they literally freeze your phone so you
can't do anything like I freeze this
when I'm texting it won't call now when
you're driving it does this Do Not
Disturb thing where it doesn't give you
text messages or phone calls text
messages I understand but the phone
calls you have a Bluetooth in your car
for a reason and like it won't even work
when I when I try and answer through
Bluetooth or caucuses I place my finger
order through Fucci didn't work I
literally had stopped my car then I try
to use a speaker and the speaker phone
wasn't working I was like oh that update
it's so annoying so I know everyone says
they do it like so--you uh so you have
to buy the new one but it's literally so
annoying because they just got that
phone like
I don't know this year okay so now I got
look for this badmouth my stamping her
order just trying to figure out where
I'm at address was fourteen eighty
fourteen 858 twenty love about like
confuse me to no end
gotta where I live I just think our Idol
in the valley
no friends anyone who's in Valley Valley
just sucks ma'am I know you can get
cheap houses and great deals but no at
least Hollywood has like nightclubs and
good food and like stuff happening this
is just like depressing to be honest
oh you know what there is a bet when I
went to with Shane and drew forever ago
I think it's close at least in order for
my food there's our 15 minutes and
probably like three months out from
getting it let's get down my
appointments out wine my hair payments I
want it's noon I could have run in get
the stuff in bab mo run in and get my
junior marriage eat it on the way there
and my lip equipment the reason I'm
eating so much it ain't no I'm always
making excuses for why I'm eating so
much the reason I'm eating so much today
is um I'm so distracted about music
lessons the reason I want you so much
today let me just first finish that
thought is because I'm being the lip
injections and I like literally will
pass out like when I just don't eat I
know that sounds like an excuse like I
need to Snickers bar work cuz I'll pass
out if I don't but like it's really it's
always been like that even when I was in
fourth grade with hepatitis B shot read
passed out every time it always gave me
talk bars and I was also happy
am i hot fourth grade teacher carried me
his name was mr. Bharani cuz I literally
passed out and I'm carrying me and I
remember being brilliant actually
attracted to him and as a 4th grader
obviously that's fucked up and I
obviously like I wasn't like forty or
anything like that I just remember thee
he was so hot I don't know a lot of
girls thought he was cute wasn't just me
had like long hair he's like I had like
hippy Native American
use it cool he's like a cool guy but did
he wonder if you like saw them as now
like them back then butchered you now
like me now like what I think he was how
I was it's like he was like a cutest of
the weird people back in the Midwest um
also I want to take banjo lessons again
I used to take Manchu lessons I want to
take them again is it weird for adults
taking music lessons I think so a
stepmother took piano lessons as like in
her 40s and I was it was weird but then
it's like I guess I understand it
because you want something to do but I
do think it's weird like what am I gonna
be a professional banjo player like why
do I want to take lessons I don't know
how I just think it'd be fun to play but
then also musicality wise I feel like I
brought that gifted like I feel like
singing and like dancing I like doing
but I don't know if I'm like necessarily
you know the app I should do it earlier
with the piano app thing I feel like it
kind of snuck out it my sister - really
good my sister's always been so
musically like gifted above me always
like just but that's just to back em
everyone loves big Patricia's Johnson
for sister hair cuz she's like he's
prettier hair first of all my sister's
absolutely stunning and gorgeous it has
a banging body
yes but I've never I've never been like
oh she's the prettier sister but I've
never been like I'm the Prien sister I
just think we're just I just think it's
funny when people say that because I
honestly I'm so like because a lot of
people do think I'm really can see the
two so I get my conceited or am i
insecure obviously it could be both but
I am very like in - not these days but
like I've always been very like
and conceded I just think I've always
thought I was attractive which I feel
like everyone should think they're
themselves is attractive but before
there was one thing I was jealous of my
sister my sister always was like the
better singer just musically she's just
like keep the beats in the church and
she just was just better just always and
then my brother I was always super
jealous cuz he was just always super
smart like school came really easily to
him school came pretty easy to me too I
feel like I'm in a therapy session today
I'm sorry guys you're getting like car
therapy today I'm just a chatterbox it's
why I need to do a live show cuz I just
need to get my talking out
yeah oh my stomach hurts now - um this
is the one I want to go to twelve one
two three oh we are close I know exactly
where this one is um yeah I left girl
was super oh no Spiller
um I think that youtubers talk about on
their Channel I knew a youtuber I don't
think she'd camera said I think she
talked about it but in case she hasn't
I know a youtuber who got nose Feller um
and I look I never would get a nose job
because like I am kind of scared I've
always have liked my face but I kind of
always wanted to know chop a little bit
just to make it like I like a small I'd
like the look of a fake nose I love that
you notice I think they look really good
I'd be really scared because it may look
weird on me because I have such a wide
face like wide features and like I could
look weird to have a narrow nose and
everything else is really wide but I
always wanted to do this filler because
I knew this one girl who did it this
youtuber and she looked great and then
you know I've known some other people
who got a filler and like it's act like
amazing like it's literally you know
shop just not surgical
it's a serious deli oh shit I love the
bed now you know what where is not gonna
fit now I think
kind of this is the struggle youtuber do
I get my food first where do I get my
champagne first um anyways long story
short because it's really not even my
story it was just like a story up story
I heard but she said this girl got it
done
I loved it went to go get it done again
and the lady was just like no one can do
those anymore inch like why let me see
if I can oh I don't think I can look
earn it and she's like yeah I got
someone who wasn't licensed to do filler
here in California this was like on the
news and everything that like hit a
nerve hi oh I mean okay
don't help me I guess what I did that's
left turn so um yeah I guess I hit a
nerve like right here they like do the
injections I guess I had a nerve and the
girl want wine as soon as like the
injection hit scare the shit out of me
this car excuse me sir you're not
supposed to exit that way but okay um
maybe you are gonna give this food and
then I'm gonna run it above them
sucks for them to eat my hot ass food
additional parking no bitch why do
people come what the wrong way you pull
in this way no we're all gonna be open
for a day but like yeah oh my gosh you
guys are my favorite with who's ever
I need to get out of here Jerry's okay I
can I post me this and it literally is
from this part of town the valley
so it takes some usually 45 minutes my
house since I'm always kind of cold like
I need some warm by the way there was
two women in there like middle-aged
women
it was so fucking nice to move my
eyelashes the ones like I don't think is
stare but sure so thank you and the
other girl had them and she's like no I
really want to get big ones cuz I'm mine
came home with those my husband dick oh
my god what a sex can they doesn't you
feel really good uh I wish more people
in this world would make each other feel
good like back that just made my whole
day great self conscious self feels much
better
I love women like that I love it
and like older women - I think they're
not really known I haven't walked so I'm
trying to be better at it
alright so get some champagne right on
the way in Beverly Hills it's not that
more closer
carrots one is just a little more out of
the way
oh it's chicken fingers look weird
making the fries
yeah
you moustache to me hmm
they're good I'll warm them do you mean
baby fries which is fine sound they're
gonna be warm and fresh but usually the
appetizers you're gonna because you're
so big whatever
hmm sadly disappointed but I wasn't just
giving Donald's and honestly you're
still better than one I love McDonald's
but Coca narasimhan drink I got the
cookie for after my hair appointment you
know for sure
what
it's so hot
don't remember my name so much I'm not
saying go and get like fake compliments
people but if you think somebody looks
nice I give him a couple bit because you
have no idea how much it might need it
right the honestly train my whole like
day around and they were just so sweet
and genuine
oh I just love good people nice people
well well now wouldn't that be just
meant to be
huh good fries like no crisp to them I
feel them
see to my Cooper who complaints the
mouse that watch YouTube so I can play
them or any other youtuber Matt oh those
are cheesy cheese-like gesture I got me
not going this way man
okay my cell 13 oh yeah well show them
um cherries
ha I felt there's another good place in
the valley called
on sticks it's Chinese food but I mean
like I said nah we to enjoy it
I regard your so close I'm crispy
ah here's my wish I didn't get this new
little car camper thing dia huh oh god I
love Jamba Juice oh my god I didn't stop
stopping everywhere I feel our company
so
haha forgot all the great restaurants in
value I looked in the valley for like
three years
so I ain't no stranger to the Foom
mm-hmm the guys like Johnny Galecki from
Big Bang Theory David David
ha
as I'm stuffing my face oh hey smile no
worries on my face I know what I say I
should meet the person I'm gonna marry
it was stuffing my face cuz that's how
our married life will be meat isn't
healing food
I really don't want to be in the middle
of this crosswalk like an asshole
Oh Batman
I can only imagine how ridiculous I love
driving my beauty
stuffing basil chicken fingers and
talking to a camera
I'm going to make so many left turns
don't like left turns
ah man oh ha ha
oh yeah her let's come out champion
better be worth it
it looks so angry in their cars
but it doesn't be for me Norma
I got a carrot doesn't say no u-turn
I don't feel like it is a place for a
u-turn bad doesn't say no user
hmm is a basement
cuz every sweet thing you never speak
and Stephanie never no one were could be
when Sharla
you jerk rise make some pretty sick
moment music my life
making gabbing i thinkin what I'm
thinkin went back that was not the same
plays the shop fat chick music video and
by the same director
how do you thinking what I'm thinking
good man I miss making music videos
a little adventure
and this desk all round haha you were
smart you're so smart
Oh
so many cars I mean there's a pen here
huh
I was just talkin to my live show and
with all their meth and cheese is so
good
Wow there's so many options ham
I am
like knock me to my appointment I'm at
home
I tried to push me up a little earlier
shade so I pointed this but Wow hi
Studio City bento eat when there's so
many shopping things in one place cuz
especially gas stations little parking
spots are full okay
oh my god
spot over there I show Chuck
and
these people oh there was a spot and I
passes I'm gonna get a better spot
it's a life lesson right there you don't
make the better thing because and I
always have
okay you have the right away but okay
always training that this is so annoying
when I just might get champagne and
there's like no no parking so here even
on damn this is so crazy i´m so
unreadable
run on in and run on out it's dead I'm
circling a FedEx parking lot
oh my gosh really no government
batteries literally gonna die you're not
gonna see oh I just spent this whole
vlog eating and I'm not gonna be home
too late so I guess you'd have to see my
hair and lips okay this was a waste of
logged footage I'm sorry you guys I'm
sorry I'm gonna save you guys but what I
can show you hey bad mohawk I got pirate
booty start doing the diet coke in there
and the dumb for the gift on this one I
think never even seeing any of my
amazing packing stone again
that works anything balanced now you
know what to do
it's just pretty
ways with our food look at that well sit
down
