okay good morning everyone so I just
ordered pancakes and bacon and it's
coming really soon to my master so don't
miss it
these are box I bought in Vegas at first
thought she feel like kind of sucked up
vlogging day two in like three day two
and a half of Vegas so I'm finding those
now and a vlog I just supposed to
maintain one long day by myself I took
the day I got back getting up on that
ish okay I'm gonna have some breakfast I
have a lot of like Skype and like
business phone calls which I never have
so it seems very weird of me to say that
but I do I have it which is great also
this is a bunch of stuff I bought in
Vegas I have more stuff in my suitcase
but a chest I don't know how I'm gonna
do it like at all or if I should show
you guys in the vlog so yeah I'm gonna
eat watch a little TV I was like watch I
record things throughout the week and I
like watch it I like it a become meal I
want to just like chitchat chitchat just
sit and watch TV I don't know I probably
will cut that out but I'm not going to
because I'm I don't know lazy hump again
so weird to wake up with like long hair
and lashes it's like I'm poppin in the
morning um today uh yeah I have I'm
excited about these like business calls
cuz they're really good big companies
really legit shows plus I'm doing
another TV show I can't say much but I'm
gonna film in November no air in
December and the one I did at the beach
when I got the epic sunburn that like
never goes away on my boobs I'm gonna
get that checked out that one airs on
wheels in November it's called um it
happened here and I know I can say that
because they posted it like behind the
scenes and it's called it happened here
and my episode is the Merrill Monroe
episode which I'm super excited be a
part of because they asked me they
retouched because I do a lot of I've
done a lot of Marilyn like tribute art
like you know pictures and I've also
done like don't forget me which was a
Maryland tribute Santa baby was inspired
by Marilyn I played Marilyn and Alice
savvy fav Sleepless in Silverlake music
video
I just love I you know it goes no I love
Marilyn I love her and so it's cool if
they were able to like recognize and
pick me out and they asked me if I want
to be a part of it so we stopped shot at
Zuma Beach where her first photo she
took place which is really cool
I was really excited to be a part of it
so that's on the reel channel that's
what I filmed for them all it happened
here like I said Oh probably on November
and then yeah I have I'm doing another
TV show that's good it's more of like a
performance show it's all I can really
say about it that will tape in November
err in December for Christmas and um
what else what else what else yeah the
things so the other phone calls I have
today one is about potential I have a
couple like potential shows happening
so I just got my food also how cute is
that suitcase I had to buy this suitcase
in Vegas because I bought so much stuff
so I had to like buy a whole separate
suitcase so cute sprinkles okay let's go
eat some delicious ooh food I love this
place so much how's the best pancakes
ever and bacon oh but I also need to get
a drink from my fridge I don't even open
my fridge inside been back I forgot what
I have any year the same stuff oh yeah
make a look right this should be a
favorite I like the coconut but I like
that for like just like a drink like
when I'm thirsty
this I like to have with my breakfast
mango look grey so I'm about to watch
the Goldbergs and the title of it is
weird science I'm nervous
the show's back at 6:00 miss in the 80s
I love the show a lot of people to like
it I love it
it says weird science also this is my
food I eat the bacon first cause it
becomes like so yummy and then this is
kind of good just one big giant dessert
paint a really dessert for you I don't
know why people get them for breakfast
it's the dessert but I ain't mad I am
mad at that so anyway so this is zoomed
it sounds even more hey yeah the
significance of that weird science is
because I used to take this and even
theny Michael Hall was in love with him
first boyfriend rad and yeah he's in the
movie or attention I didn't have we see
like anything like all our friends is
we're just only cos he's like not a good
person like just not a good person at
all like just I think back at it I think
that's like the relationship that fucked
me up with all relationships Roger
wasn't any better but like it was like
intense and tense and so I was like
somebody must see it but then it's like
oh I remember I was like I was so in
love with him like I was obsessed like I
honestly if he would've been like jump
off a bridge
I would have done it like that so stupid
I am yeah like recently broke his
neighbor's wrists or something like that
and then like like cuz he assaulted him
and like even go to jail like it's like
community service it's all bullshit but
anyways I'm gonna watch this I'm gonna
eat my pancakes that's the update real
quick we got a crampy
we are at the Dell female at the W we're
gonna go see Kabletown I'm so excited
it's my first time seeing Hamilton live
at the Pantages tickets are crazy but we
got them and I cannot wait so my
conservative outfit I'm a little blazer
you guys we made it to Hamilton it's
here through December 30th we're at the
matinee walking down Hollywood Boulevard
so excited
being your close as you can get
am I gonna pause that while you're
recording me we I probably will I'm
really uncoordinated so then it'd be
careful actually I don't want you to
fall but in case you do fall I do have
the camera there's like a weight limit
on this okay
I didn't fall we go that way
well anyways um you guys I am back with
Jason
Nash everyone asked where what happened
to you and Jason having me and Jason
what happened to us um well I'm scared
of fallenness I'm super busy
we're on swivel chairs right now Hornady
at world market actually what I think
the real he paid for me again to feel
like you're we've been very
international right now is that what
this is why I've called run market we
just saw some German sausages over there
look how his body is he's working out
can I show you a bodyweight unfold your
arms so high no honestly he's like a
daddy daddy now so hot I always found
Jason this is my thing now I hit on him
and he rejects me because everyone's
like you make them so uncomfortable you
see the last vlog I posted up us know on
the couch every comment was so
comfortable mmm no I love this oncoming
ball but do I make you uncomfortable and
I hit on you cause you're literally
stall against it no I love it
I love the attention and we just and we
just had dinner what you don't know is
that we just had dinner and we just
talked for like 35 minutes and I don't
tell anyone actually yeah kisses and I
are actual friends we won that before
when we don't Bob everyone always asked
me about him we're not actually dating
everyone always thinks were dating I
would like to but he doesn't so blame
him
but let's be real I want to date
everyone I've been obsessed with their
vlogs all your crew I would literally
bring anyone big Nick that guy with the
red hair that was like a per se me but
all I'm saying Alma you're not getting
anything
Scott's dog Tommy you know yeah I got
she got me the other day and then
someone said Oh what happened your hand
and I said I don't know and I think
that's so tough
we can't tell my blog about where we're
going yeah we're going to a sex dungeon
we don't invite it I don't get invited a
sex dungeon I should go that would be
fun do you get mad I talk about that on
my channel no no no Kay you don't give
as I like we made out huh
no one okay I don't care at all cuz you
know I have said something you got mad
at me he protects me like did you say it
you ever remember whatever whatever I
check to do don't they
you know what honestly because other
people think something about stuff
hey bud I don't see the problem now and
anything that we do we're adults through
that time I told you I thought I was
pregnant but I wasn't and you're like
it's not my ethical course not yours
like with pet oh I got to tell you that
off camera I got tell you what the
result of that was so excited might not
happen I got I got cameras I've even
told them I got the story he thinks I
was out these interesting stories but
don't worry guys I'm back on drugs and
I'm drinking so I'm not pregnant
that were stolen world market I'm
watching Jason's camera we're trying to
do a thumbnail
I think a thumb nails are weak I left my
sunglasses so he went back to get him
like the gentleman that you are oh fuck
you you all right you wanna they're good
you can have your Gucci yeah you wanna
come to you no I would never
um no you can wear them but you have to
lately in here oh my god no have them
but yeah we've never you have to leave
me because you don't link me last time
we had a date you know thank you I said
that I said I went on this date for the
link in the description then you didn't
even put it in the description and so
many months so people couldn't find me
okay so now we're trying to get another
career
the thing I love about Jason as he
literally doesn't care about vlogging
he'll walk in public
he'll have the camera on the whole time
I get like more than ever estimate him
in a blog now he just has it rolling all
the time
but I do want my boobs no boobs always
like butter
so you said I'll put it here no look how
skinny it look at this angle like this
is going this I want me to do my head so
just like hold my waist like no like a
round like how do you hold a girl like
that see
so our world class sex dungeon date is
coming to a close
we'll send it back I should give your
glasses that's like yes so you can't
forget about me it's like these glasses
there's gonna be my whole week
wait we is you make your month they're
gonna be my whole mom I don't see you
wearing now I'm gonna be smoking wear
them every day tell people that I use
you I'm gonna give in my app minton like
an Instagram video at the city you've
got another neckla why you look like a
little pretty boy no one could look bad
in these we're gonna take him shopping
for Fuji stuff and that will be part of
your Bruce yeah a Gucci you're gonna get
dressed head to toe and designer stop
are you down not not my birth yeah well
you can wear it like ever thought to
blazer maybe some Giuseppe sneakers
those pants gotta go those shoes really
gotta go with his parents you look like
you wore them when you were 17 and like
the fifties so we're gonna go on another
date by the way everything a date
doesn't mean we're actually dating
although I want to
like this is you're uncomfortable you
with your arms folded that's what they
said last time who's like treasure you
make him so uncomfortable really knots
we hang out all the time you guys you
get really uncomfortable I just you know
I'm just here it's my um my best friend
in the whole world that I never seen my
best friend I'd like to
right
