maybe a smiley my guns a big piece we're
going up my mother 14:18 Vegas because a
friend you're seeing a place one lunch
item in the bins overhead meal space in
the island and this laptop backpack is
jacket so just log like David's blog I'm
gonna be our own my sister's literally
obsessed now because I don't know where
they were I can't even sleep at night
because I'm falling into the hole thank
you thank you
I'll have a Prosecco or champagne or
charge I love that thank you
did you know who they were before
because of my Discover I love with your
FINA I'm a phantom - now I'm like uh I
don't know what their name is their
group reverent the end up here it's so
funny mrs. topi they gave no records
here the other end like who are you you
should think wants you to go so I'm
going think you can you know these
youtuber inter names gave its vlogs I
guess on yeah I don't think they have
like a means for their crew or anything
I just love and Logan 5/8 inch are
though is like everything plenty of the
shorty like ha gemonese like on like the
hoverboard I haven't seen I saw I could
see were like in black shorts and
turtleneck sale dance - okay so he has a
few different ones but I like Scotty's
the bus where he's like hello everybody
and welcome to my where yeah I like I
like Scotty the best and my sister my
mom watch look I'm pulling up and my
sister has the same bird as welcome Paul
thank you of Mancow TV's around the
center area the hudsucker go right
underneath the pre table
me the church at home perilous on either
side below the knee oh man okay perfect
oh you got yours already - don't you do
yours
yeah
we're talking about Logan Paul and David
David over Logan Paul you decide we're a
fan of his that you like
yeah huge fan are you pulling it up I
have to show you a job who
Oh
yeah he loves Game of Thrones he tweets
welke fighting it all the time we got
man adjacencies like yeah I watched it a
few times like just based on that alone
I'm not a high love it and actually been
blogging about Jason yo pickle hot
comment with veins and you know he's
insane there was something baby
Oh baby that is that is it do you know
dancing classes
oh my god bangles hey mommy like oh baby
a bangle and then he brings my daughter
out of how long I've been watching them
for the past week know I probably met
Jason in June and I literally watched
everything one of their blogs it's like
the beginning like since they started
blogging I'm there and he's like oh no
baby I don't want no carrot cake and
he's like no house I don't even get here
I think anyways like you never saw that
one yes I did because I feel like
funniest moment they do oh I do like
bustling vines cuz they were all miners
before yeah I know
David fine
David stubborn yeah that's plus he's
like the leader of the mine the all
living I think he is grown with YouTube
MLA is a Joey's party directly under the
burning car she's really nice to me
super trolly matter one time is you
stupid let's get into let's get in the
group we are gonna be David's log watch
that review Trish's lon
- no my sister and my mom attention to
me ever
ok so I got some heartburn he pays like
and this Rockstar doesn't help either
he's like it's got no sugar
ok and it's low carb no sugar at
Rockstar I was like I can't not right
now I think he's dampers a dummy my you
know let's delete them are they through
because everybody in the group has
appeared so it's Liza and David David
you got Scotty and Brian no sounding
Kristen people were true girlfriend all
yeah well Jason and big Nick are like a
pair because they shared a room at
VidCon together
that's stretch that's don't want to
click with big next hour button
no dude I'm live with them don't they
don't yes don't get it no dirty Tom and
Alan slip together thousands even I know
that guy's right
he can't pay his rent he's Bernard weena
Carina those are like that they're like
duo Kurenai founders in like I think she
live in Illinois or she looks down there
somewhere and then Gabby Bush not really
the logs anymore Gabby was an original I
gave it my she doesn't really think them
as much Carly aar√≥n chef our way at
that Law Group we I love Game of Thrones
she knows hot cheetos Harper makes a
feel like you might maybe from the
champagne updates we stopped him taking
off my mom is also adjacent Ashton who
we just found out when I'm done what was
your favorite even rompers which one
Zener decent
Oh a mobile game that I want a
percentage of every power that I recruit
do you like they have way too many
followers even know where you come from
first of all me first of all I was
looking went out with Jason those whites
are watching him
I need a cut it's okay thank you I
referred it every well that rough one
was
you're just like a dancing oh he ripped
bags Excel just do one where they're on
the private jet and they all got away in
and microbrews a heavy gettin couple is
insane like 205 I like sorry mean I
would I would about what yeah and he's
like why don't fly by Magette booty is
like why would they have a controller me
cuz he was on math hours that's on even
christiana reasons name
pretty legit apartment now legit crew
and they gotta hold you in Saint Matthew
wants the g-wagen well yeah yeah he just
bought wine
loudly OH on every what does every
youtuber get the same card we turn up
for that camp oh yeah okay I need a lot
oh my god I literally like Boscobel
right now cuz I'm so greasy yeah we I
something cause I was game Plants like
mom sat next to a youtuber do we know
his name
Sam Sam was um bad weather films he
knows Jason I met this girl from AE you
work with you mm-hmm
and then I met this girl from Bellamy
that I've talked to literally for a long
you I need apply for school I know
oh my god why oh my god I'm this is why
I wasn't feeling good and crazy so we're
gonna go check into our hotel and then
he goes my memory I'll be much better
once I eat food
this one's bright apart this one was
chatterbox on the plane this one I'm
ready to party
masamune to Vegas with this one should
you risk losing apps okay last time I
came to Vegas with this one we didn't do
anything I just remember we slept after
got a marine we had pizza yeah
I'm Michael my only goal in Vegas with
salad rolls my only goal is to get
chocolate what's your goal that's it
that's my only goal me I'm in those
tables I'm getting some three bucks
three bucks no we gotta hit the tick
that's not one goal that's why you need
to have one goal well yours are so
mundane that some of them okay oh yeah
oh cheese already seen maybe twice
before oh it's good it's a different
show now then it dentistry they have
change well I mean that's an original to
have sure they can have that song that I
still love yes okay showstopper guys
never met Johnny this is gonna be your
first time do you have it
no we went on a Saturday and if you go
through the weekend they don't have me
angry I just Joe I was you know I was
pissed we were on the weekend because
they didn't have a meet-and-greet I was
like because the ticket prices were the
same on the weekend so I was like but
Kelly could only go on a weekend or
something I remember maybe were in
school or something I don't know I had a
natural
oh yeah maybe that was it no I always
love to get sorry I'm not getting your
face in um but yeah definitely need food
definitely don't know and then tomorrow
we gotta figure out what we're gonna see
but I'll get the internet site I feel
like I could at what guess I can't went
on to eat you angel we could make me do
both I think Criss Angel I think there's
a legend early in a criss angel early
and then we're gonna really do legends
again but it was fine when my dad last
time I came to LA just when she was
hands anybody like you're like oh my god
I think that's one of the Osmond
Brothers and like she's like wow we go
now oh they changed yes that's funny
they're from eco this vlog blogging with
you world is so easy I should as always
login literally tables I can't eight
minutes back I know don't get it Kim
look at that meeting thought who they're
starting free and you'll see my Bochy
build oz was here if you go to let me
back there
what does that call flat back lap back
you'll know in a bunny comedy store he's
gonna laugh after II like picking
informally bill does look how why my
teeth are ice-t white and yesterday and
I like honestly they are so bad so
sensitive you slept with them trouble I
did sleep with them because Brandi
Glanville told me she's sleepy them well
hers was really white and I wasn't do a
Real Housewife any day did she say well
they're always in pain none appointed
also not you're an unmarried house
and mom's a ex housewife times oh so
they should do that and just see how
boring their that would be so funny I go
get the mail now snap ooh taking Frank
honestly that's where we ended our
although the outro cuz oh I don't have
one
oh yeah cuz I guess it's an ongoing
block huh just what never ends never
ends might move in the wrong
I love the rob her the rot pen that's
why I know which one bathroom cuz we
wait where are you somebody suits we got
it wrong
hey we got the wrong a rapper - that's a
dress oh I'm not using I have a
boyfriend
I'm being ashamed hello not sponsored by
the div but I know every other she gets
influenced by the dev I am I kid
the influencers influence gotta
influence everything there was a giant
of Bernards laughing oh yeah Oh going to
from Akina oh there's a giant Dunkin
Donuts I just told you there's a giant I
can donut thing that's funny anyways
there was awesome there's also please oh
we should you got tomorrow this place
called heart-attack girl have you guys
heard of it oh I've heard of yeah where
they have like yeah like eight eighteen
thousand calorie burger and it's like
this big from like the floor up what
they have like other things what is that
like three hundred dollars yeah probably
but like they have other things too but
it's like it's a good it their dresses
like nurses like I was like waitresses
its fire yeah it's like cuz it like you
have a heart attack like contact girls
so there are nicer doctors they might
have that now they price right has male
model maybe they write male nurses can
you see that prices right where everyone
180 thousand no like they gave away
80,000 will get a dollar they always
tell me like everything at what you tell
your dad the wrong where they won't tell
them oh maybe 25 why I'm already
exhausted I was like literally I was in
the middle of them and I'm like no I got
to take a little nap right now because
they both were ducky and then I was like
I'm not gonna look your way anymore cuz
I get honestly was getting six your
window was open you guys know everyone
knows again
and then when I was again mom I think it
was just like moving and then I was just
getting motion sickness been where I was
I should just eat him before I got the
freaking plane so that was everything
was nauseating the end the talking of
the cheeto smell first of all who
initiated this girl's trip me me and my
birthday okay I know that is true if I
don't plan it this never happens we
always say let's do this no one ever
plans anything's up I don't plan it it
doesn't happen okay okay
I'm a mother and hopefully I dress up
the Christmas wars that were cannot play
them and okay and R at the hotel I don't
know are we anywhere close to this woman
go do we know I don't think so okay so
we have two over there tonight oh oh
wait let me go is the Johnny Murray I
feel like it was but not oh oh wait
really
yes why don't you think later Hollywood
was where Britney Spears was it is for
Britney Spears was but we're facing
cosmos over I thought it was close
enough to like a walk but I'm are you
over walking over from oh my god so much
you see one the longer if you know what
this is the only one this way okay I
look at your on the book everything your
sister's never on honestly Pentangle oh
okay I do angles that way don't matter
all right
that's why I could never be around Jason
ash with the camera because he's always
like he all the time this way like he
does this that's how he films everybody
like secretively like what's up okay
well it's very sad
it's very sketchy I first met him he had
against his stomach like this and was
just filming up in the great OB yeah
all right we're here guys so we'll see
the best romantic under Miami Joshua is
look at these elevators it's Britney
heaven
we're friendly staying at Planet
Hollywood we are we haven't been here in
like 20 years but here we are no we do
de banana Marinaro was we came when I
was born really yeah okay fifteen years
we try to start young we got
I feel like that is ours
it starts at all one bitch okay you go
yes it is yes okay go get in front of me
so we're like professional your
profession blogger vlogger the panorama
suite is it worth it
they don't even have a door why is it
you always are we sharing with something
else
I don't know this actually trippy this
is 2001 and maybe there's a separate app
maybe it's a separate entrance so that
is for the adjustment wondering the o2
so does not get sweet their signature
sometimes I like to have our muscle
double doors oh it's a lobby I that's
what I said oh oh well oh my god she me
Wow look at the got a bar we got two
bartenders in here you know how to whip
up some drink oh you got yourself the
best
it's just weeping oh my other finish it
out of me down in here that's a bad the
view from the bag I love look at them
Mira's everything literally so give us
the tour it's really weird
oh yeah something is we're not bad oh hi
mare yeah Mir is so good
okay that's left
I love the bangs get banged over there
where oh this is got a big dick oh my
god it's got a vanity
so she was really I feel so tall my god
good lighting - I need one us oh my god
we gotta get dressed I can't wait to get
dressed like if you pose everywhere I
will let your right videographer jonno
once we have videographer okay so it's
the REI it's like what is it that's like
a canvas behind the headboard I like it
okay I see the sweet step here in
Hollywood are really good deal I ask
that this wooden kind of shitty Eve cuz
it's like way less and I usually spend
aluminum here but like this isn't really
nice and it's way lower like price of
little Travel Map look at that view
all around oh my god Evan ain't gonna be
so pretty oh my God look at the only
downfall is there is no balconies yeah
yeah there is no balcony wow there's
like so much oh okay he won't go over
there
edit that out yes I did bitch we fucking
what there yeah oh my god yes because it
sucks sorry
shitty food well their pools are open
there's someone else on there this one
there's the Cosmo are we so I feel like
the Flamingo might be by the MGM no cuz
that's the start of it so it's gonna be
this way
so that MGM is the start of it because
the there's an airport over there
because I went to a helicopter thing
uh-huh
and so yeah cuz that's what what is that
the Venetian or is that what is that
you're asking me and I think that's the
Venetian I don't know I'm gonna do it in
spiraling because that's the strip right
there
Oh something so we had a counselor
reservation we're at Planet Hollywood
we had to cancel our reservation so
every what I said these rooms were a lot
cheaper and you can get qua Suites well
I think we know why because my sister
stayed here I was rather than work we
weren't going to leave for our
reservation
I had it we got the uber ID and
everything my mom's lost Mountain shake
it doesn't walk I'm like all shit I'm
wearing like a double door room but
there's someone staying next to us and
so basically what's a wait for someone
to come fix a lot but they said they're
sending an engineer but now the engine
it's like a half hour ago
and I'm like other on a shift change so
now we're stuck I'm waiting for them
we're starving so now we're gonna try
and just eat out a restaurant here
hopefully if we're out by like 5
otherwise we're gonna just have to room
service if they don't change which is
very exciting it's not excited about
that she's going well anyways so now
we're waiting and this is why I guess
went along with watching berm and
I don't know to the rats when we've
stayed up the best the Cosmo is where
you should oh is that sponsored by and
we're all dressed up and ready to go for
our stratosphere night but we're stuck
at flat I was so annoying
thank you that looks good all right us
kindig-it because we are starving we've
had so much commotion got crab cakes
yeah so we are going best wish you will
see that nightmare at Planet Hollywood
but we're just so freaking hungry we
just wanted to eat we have a show to
catch so keep hugging Rosie likes likes
eating my own are I don't even at this
realization remember what we're talking
about pairs then everybody had a pair
and like Walsh and I said except for
Jason and I said big Nicholas Jason and
then we found it there cuz I have you
knows in the Box I was Brenda huh Bo
ministers like Brandon and Jason is a
pair their hair
two weeks you know of my are you gonna
get up really well like you look here
like a movie like a mafia movie now
picture of just you and you should not
know I got my snake of mops does he got
sick mommy got mad she got a lot of
fries it's hot
so much promotion okay thank you
my sister just ordered another drink
she has why have this one that many in
the Donny and Marie oh wait no is this
tell about me here I was in for a show
and my mom was like thirsty though it
was give me water
and so we're sipping on nothing but ice
cubes and I felt mad for my poor sister
my mom
mom we're talking about David over at
Mom's were they're talking about Logan
Paul Kenny she is this whole vlog it's
not gonna be a no good but the
rezidentura
walking this we're still talking with
them and their time in 1318 that's not
fair do your character do it no it's not
my character that would be copyright
then up I'm gonna plug is that what you
do you plug it at be snaps on YouTube
and what's this it's Jason everything
Jason I don't know blame and then all of
you can switch moms over there well he
should have won a Streamy straight
machine is the only one who keeps using
relevant my son my friend David was
right though right yes and I think
David's great but he's going but on this
platform for two years Shane is gone for
11 here keeping things live shame who do
you want yours to
see
