alright guys you guys know I always
breathe about this line like oh my hair
is so not cute wow this is this is blown
out by a professional Auto Salon not
throw anyone under the bus but I just
came back from an akimbo hair salon
which normally Zoe does my hair and she
does a killer job people do it and they
do a pretty good job my hair is so
broken it's so coarse it's yellow it
looks like shit and I had zero time
because one they were like triple double
booking appointments but the major thing
was someone else was shampooing the
other than person I did my color and by
the time I was like 75% done blow-drying
my hair the person's like oh we could've
put a toner on it it's like but that's
usually what you're supposed to check in
the ball and I didn't have time guys I'm
going to a concert tonight in San Diego
have to go to a concert I got to pick up
my friend
and I'm going to San Diego like to go to
a concert thinking oh you know even when
Zobel is I'm here anyone else pulls on
my hair there it looks halfway decent
but it's yellow it's broken it like
literally looks for it it looks like I
literally just took my fingers and I
blow dried it which I basically did
anyways and still got charged a full
blow out the color sucks because the
person who did the color when it wasn't
checking it I was made to sit in like
the lobby part she wasn't checking it
like that's I think why I've had broken
off I'm just again I don't want to say
names I don't throw anyone under the bus
because this person actually has done my
hair before and she actually did a
pretty decent job before I just you know
it puts you in such a bad mood like this
is just if you felt my hair right now it
literally feels like gum it's so like
it's like straw watch look how it just
sticks that's how it does when I
blow-dry my hair I'm I'm so like annoyed
and I want to like just scream and like
like blame somebody and complain to
somebody but like oh I just I'm just
trying to keep it in you know I don't
want I don't need like Yelp I
this is my arena I'm gonna get off my
chest I'll be fighting you sure but it's
just so ugly as the cons are looking
like this I have no time to go home and
even if I did what am I gonna do like
you don't even mean like oh so ugly I'm
so annoying especially cuz I'm going to
Vegas next week like I'm so fucking
annoying like I the reason I went into
someone else's because it was like my
hairdressers birthday and she went out
of town we're just like fine obviously
but like I had Vegas next week so I
really wanted to get my hair color pop
in and it looks like complete shit and
obviously when I get extensions then
it'll look fine but it could be so hard
to match my new platinum extensions with
this fucking cool ass here I could not
be more annoyed I know it's
firstworldproblems on hon cuz I have to
keep writing myself because anybody I
want to rant and Texas Jim is gonna be
like Trish like there's fucking other
shit and we're all going on I understand
this yes it is for some problems I will
get over it but oh and then I got full
price and full price for blood that I
wasn't represented she was doing the
fish going us and no and she comes over
anyways to finish blowing me out I said
no it's fine it's fine I'm are you done
anyways I'm done she'll get me my
prescient thought oh she's a doing it
cuz you know she know she did a shit job
on my color this time or whatever the
fuck cuz she was so preoccupied she
literally probably how like I always
thought like one of the client but it
seemed like she had like three other
people I don't know I was like always
just nothing I never had a place to set
again maybe it was with a Saturday and
she was busy but I don't know it may be
appreciate my girls so much more cuz she
like she doesn't book anyone else I
don't know I know it's like common
probably for her that's it I just look
here's the thing it ain't cheap at the
Kimbo hair salon in Beverly Hills let me
tell you that it's fucking expensive so
the fact that I got paid to charge full
price and I pay full price and only that
I usually pay 50% tab like I'm usually a
pretty fuckin good tipper even if Zoe's
not the one who doesn't someone else
does it like I'm you know like bleach is
not easy but bitch what is this it WA
I'm so what is this it looks crazy I
can't believe this is like a
I need to like calm myself down cuz I'm
like freaking out about it so ugly like
the fact that I don't even cuz you know
I usually don't wear makeup like on my
days off right like I'm just chillin
like I don't usually wear like I try to
make up I have a Zehra here which I
would love to cover up but you don't
have a sentence and I'm like okay my
hair will be poppin I literally look
homeless I really don't have time I
should just stop home and like change
now because this was like supposed to be
like kind of with the look of just like
soft flowy hair but now it literally
looks like I just didn't even blow dry
it that I just like let it air dry and
my hair was just a piece of shit it
looks so bad I'm so embarrassed like
thank God one of the concert tonight
with Drew he like doesn't care he's so
cool but like I care you know what I
mean so ugly to go with ugly as air it
is beyond frustrating
my other favorite place to be tonight
times that palm I was gonna get a tank
top and a block underneath this and like
some combat boots because it is concert
and I probably have to walk and I'm
gonna regret wearing these wedges um
yeah I got these tickets per throughs
birthday and I gave them both the
tickets if you wanted to go with anyone
he wanted and he asked me if I wanted to
go and I was like super honored so he
left the Beach Boys so I got to get but
I really like the Beach Boys tickets
also excited because I'm not when I ask
people who's like here's two tickets and
I get to go to in camber but my dresses
from America are just super cute we're
stuck with a worn a bra because it's
kind of always walk when they're around
me and Here I am vlogging I'm totally
taking off the vegetables like a
compilation compilation someone didn't
meet swimming around vegetables juice
populations are cold though yours always
get a million so if you're into a
compilation do it Andre yeah the one
that you talked about in that one
yes one is Germans and okay because that
one has like a million views now
like your shoes oh thank you thanks
for real I was like whoa I was like
tripping out for one second we got ya
haven't you ever seen the youtubers they
do like 300 hours worth of lottery
tickets what did you get the $30 on yeah
and then the 20 we got our 5-hour energy
these Drew's idea and ours together
no you're just like extra strings I feel
like yours is like 10 hours on its own
oh it's beautiful I don't have any cash
thank you okay
we took a little break so we're going
back in round
alright I'm gonna finish
hey guys it's true just hanging out in
the limo I have my beach boy shirt on
I'm just doing an outfit of the day look
treat me oh yeah we're seeing the Beach
Boys live in concert well I'm not
looking in the right place how are you
guys leave a comment letting me know how
you are I mean I know it's some of you a
lot of people aren't asking you how
you're doing and you feel kind of
avoided maybe your parents I haven't
talked to you in a while and that's why
you're on YouTube I just want to let you
know that drew is here he's on 5-hour
energy he has one hour for each of you
five people are watching they'll be
perfect if not
all right how about walking out pretty
good five-hour energy spots this is
Drew's favorite thing I don't wanna I
don't want to encourage anyone to use it
though it's poison
that's like creepy we're ending the vlog
by scratching our lotto tickets oh my
gosh California gold I wish they could
be vanya go oh you have this energy by
our energy oh don't do it guys
but I think we had a good time with our
phone yeah I felt like it like did the
job and I thought you were like tired
but you're like let's scratch the
tickets and I was like why not I'm the
vlog with something I love it I love
that you think like a blogger with the
chocolate
Trish likes the white chocolate ones
more they have a new one salted caramel
flips yeah not fun pop or such bullshit
you know you're not gonna win it and
they always do like a close number wait
what the ones at the top it's always
like uncomfort we don't you okay so
let's just scratch and then guys so -
wait what can you went up to ten million
on yours and I can go up to five million
on my own
like a good amount and I told we're
splitting this 50% it's a really nice
offer
oh nice person okay I didn't win the top
well you know the top is your numbers I
think no it was just the uncover so when
you know I'm doing winning numbers here
so far I don't have any lucky numbers no
we don't want anything we're going to be
disappointed but what if we won
literally five million dollars right now
they always make it like one number off
to from the actual number I know there's
more stupid like oh we might win oh no
oh no well not in the first row no I'm
like that too I'm like often don't win
those first two it's all over honestly I
never went I've never won a scratcher I
hate my life
oh my god that's one you single did you
know that no I just know a song I like
it my life how did you know that's so
crazy
we should listen to that annoy back on
the way home
no I haven't gotten anything yet are you
like anywhere close to winning no I mean
kind of close no you're like a messy
scratcher
you just go crazy oh my gosh I am like
literally not getting any numbers are
you kidding it's crazy about you don't
like win a little bit when you pay $30
they should at least give you another
ticket like $5 or something that would
even be they'd be making money so yeah
so you would keep buying it and you're
like you know I'll get another one yeah
oh my god okay you didn't want any
no but at the end I still like check one
more time my mom will scratch the whole
thing to make sure she's gonna make sure
Wow nothing
oh my god you get one thing no I don't
think so
sex does say 69 and is 59 hmm
oh my god I think I had a number really
yeah
isn't that nine up here yeah okay wait I
wait see the let's just that our
expectations I mean this is where I'm
like setting my I'm really excited it
was like the bottom row chill okay are
you so nervous
well what if we went about five million
dollars right now and that was like nah
too quickly charity okay ready yeah $50
dollar profit okay no no wait you're
bonus prizes down there okay that's
something anything 150 are that's
everything five times
moneymoney pants whatever see that win
no I didn't know what this also looks
like our stuff film what do you mean you
memory time how we make it caught a
snuff film on the way back on vacancy
like if we had to stop at a motel we're
tired and we thought that it was and
there was no cars around as we just come
back from the gas station
we're the only ones I heard it um yeah
I'm this sucks this one but I'm glad
that you won by 150 bucks
I guess you paid $50 but there's no
profit but you know I wouldn't go even
yeah and you could get another one and
win like a million dollar I think men do
that I want to literally you spend like
a thousand dollars on scratchers though
because that's what people do to each
other's Jim and we don't have any money
anymore so this looks so creepy in here
this looks like scary I love these
thanks you haven't been in here since no
I know it's just like him you're just
noticing it now with the light well this
was exciting this is a final conclusion
of the night yeah thank you for coming
on this journey with us little beach
girls yeah we sat down seamless paint
which was everything oh my god did you
get him on the wall I can exert it snaps
okay good
easy performed forever from full house
yeah if you buy a Beach Boys tickets you
pretty much buying tickets also see John
Stamos oh that was everything I remember
when we came out when he came on stage
we said before him like would it be
funny like John Stamos like plays cuz
sometimes you plays and then literally
drew looks up and he's like laughing and
like I didn't really get it he's like
it's that John Stamos and I was like oh
my god just look alike at first I was
like that guy looks like John Stape I
was like John Simas cuz that's like oh
my god it is John Stamos it was that was
everything yeah well that's a good luck
I mean we won the lottery already with
history you know I really think better
but it was a really good show we
definitely think my glove is super
sexual once that but yeah he was like
pointing at me over and over
he pointed through anger you know psyche
points anything everything he was you
into a lot of people I think you just
wanted to get it in
that's your idols right there that's
your everything now you're not gonna be
in the Beach Boys one day when they're
all dead with John Stamos is like the
lead singer everything the lead singer
of The Beach Boys is what does he send
me 776 that's I'm still kickin kickin
and look n yeah exactly
drew is back everybody
do everything you say in here people um
subscribe maybe I'll make a video soon
I'm doing an apartment tour oh you you
you said that and I used to put it up
I'm going to okay actually put it out so
that way when I put this up I'll link it
below it'll be the first link in the
description box
well I don't know if I'm gonna have it
out by the time you know well this one
got for a week a week no I'll do it by
them you should do it and everyone
should go watch it and leave a comment
saying you're from the fish fam yeah
what do you think to say you're a fish
for drew I'm oh you I'm a fish for Drew
yeah oh you don't mean me okay yeah no
their fish is for you true or say I'm
fishing for drew yeah where I'm fisting
drew while I go on a fishing trip the
perfectly
I'll see you guys next video hopefully
drew will be back we see each other once
a year for 12 hours a long time today
and we're not bad right
feels like a camping trip okay kind of
except not camping and also I didn't
feel like I feel like like in Pulp
Fiction they say you can share
incredible silences like we are able to
share a silence and not be uncomfortable
that's how you know someone Moulton we
read dessert that's our next adventure
do you really wanna go to Hamilton yeah
I do we're gonna figure that out next
how much I love you we don't hang out
but we both just isolate ourselves so I
feel like that's why I'm highway tolls
