a journey already this morning I've got
up at 4 a.m. to get this hair makeup
done because I am traveling down south
not south of the United Sates but
Southern California more Southern
Californian Los Angeles you see my dad
shoot my first ever Christian pop music
video I'm so excited I wrote the song
I had to pee really bad cuz I drank so
much coffee it was my coffee during
Slammers - I'm so tired
and I drink all this and I had a piece
of Adam I'm only like an hour out so
this is broken pen so I'm holding my
camera could I get a new car blog but in
fact it almost doesn't serve lunch all
day everyone was all day like I think
you get french fries all day at
McDonald's but no but I had to use the
bathroom I could've I snuck in the
bathroom I felt bad not being a customer
because everywhere is for customers only
so I bought a lot of water thousand
dollar fifty and I'm so glad I had cash
only twenty dollars cash on me stupid
today I only have three dollars with me
because I left my cards in my other
purse from yesterday but anyways going
to church I'm so excited and I'm doing a
video and all the money from the video
and the song will go to church there are
constantly busy wanting to build a
better Church it's kind of it's not a
very like wealthy parish which is
totally fine but you know the church can
you some updates and I'm I just want to
get back it's a church I go to - my dad
goes to like we're part of it so familia
I'm really passionate about it and I'm
not excited and I'm super happy they're
letting me shoot a video here and I'm
glad they liked the song cuz the song is
a very personal song and it's very um
that's different than like a normal like
Christian song but it's all by Jesus all
about like reason hope all that so we'll
see how it goes
so we just have the music video at the
church went out to lunch with their
dreams of the church here is completely
completely dead but
hey Jackie do me a favor can you hold
this and like kind of just get my shoes
walking easy think we're to walk okay
it's going to vlog with this person it's
literally just doing it because there's
a table and chairs that I'm cooking in
simmer Funktion eyes table in chairs and
there's like a guy that has been
literally sitting there and just
literally staring although I brought the
camera and you got it like looking at
this one up
I know super rocks and I'm not like it's
not that I was like waiting I think you
find things I'm like waiting to get out
that's not it out really was like
waiting for any home I don't know where
I left off last but I had not been
vlogging I've been in one of my moods
again I honestly blame my period it was
like literally two weeks late
and it's kind of like freaking out I
mean like it we've all know we had PID
and text my fertility all shit like that
but on top of that I haven't had any
like one I haven't had a lot of sex
lately but also definitely not
unprotected sex and definitely not any
sex where I don't even think the person
even like pulled out I think he they
just full-on anyway so you don't even
know all that information it's not
important another person taking pictures
when can you see
I don't usually literally just taking
some bleep anyways it's like whatever
that's my car not me but anyways but
anyways I was stressing that I wasn't in
my period because whatever and then also
the people I have had sex with in the
past month but food people I would even
want that with so there's extra scary
and extra stressful and honestly I just
wanted it because I kept putting off
like dates kind of with this one guy I
actually do like because you know I
wanted to like you know hook up or
whatever so I kept postponing my period
tomorrow Abbey Rita Marley I kept
thinking that in my head so I was like
stressful
who's texting oh my god I have had a lot
of dating somehow stories too just like
a lot of things like I'm really not
trying to date I have this one guy that
I like you don't really like me in that
way which is fine he's actually a really
good friend of mine now so I'm kind of
just oh my god oh there's a there's a
poster over then I thought those guy
like what are we coming at me I do not
know is that before Mike Harvey log
thing is still broken so I have been
able to I wanted to just chat on the way
here cousin took me a minute but I'm
getting my nails done and my eyelashes
cuz we are going to Vegas and these
eyelashes are not popping I sleep on the
side of my face over here they're right
my right side probably your left I am
eating a lot I've been in a weird
oppression again I can eat this shit
it's like high highs and low lows I
swear but it's okay like I'm gonna be
okay I know I am I just um
that guy can also James Corden but it's
not be cop one I took in my period
second day of that if you feel grumpy I
feel a little depressed I'm sad to go to
Vegas so that's good I love Vegas you
guys know all the bad guys with my shit
my memory a humanize shirt you get these
at Schmidt's outspread sure calm top um
so I'm Jeanette promo cuz it was a
little delayed on iTunes the music came
out before as on iTunes sounds like
whatever definitely like there wasn't
ads on that for like the first like five
days four days I don't know maybe
there's ads on it now who knows it's
been under review forever I don't care
you have the iTunes don't care of it
whatever man we're gonna be gypsy living
out here yeah just like a lot and then I
just mean a lot which feel gross and I
won't make sentience back my hair girl
is God for a birthday how dare her I was
getting shake I'm sorry he has it girls
your birthday like but I get a Jamba
Juice cuz it's that day I'm gonna get a
big fat daddy McDonald's meal after
meeting which you guys won't be able to
eat with me cuz I don't have my freaking
camera holder things so I had french
toast this morning and bacon
I had warmed up pizza I have just been
living my best frat life to be honest
I'm okay with that so
all right yeah what's uh did you I wrap
it up here no I guess not
just this we can add this vlog as part
of another one I don't know where ended
I don't even know what my life is
anymore so I hate I hate matter that
that I want to die yeah
hate that but I don't wanna die bill
what not I want to go get his jollies
customer help later on a federal Issa
okay see I haven't seen the Sun three
days I'm wearing sweat pants because I'm
literally like maybe sure I can't get to
anything nowhere to be in the real world
very scary very scary place to be and
I'm in the valley I'm just gonna scare
your place to be
I was getting
now here's what you know my dear at the
bright
right elbow just taking a one-time
donations by the way you're either
sitting right out doing like I love oh
thank you we're just taking one time
donation because the kids have for the
anti-bullying so it's hi prevention
program yeah
for example like the education package
that funds to classes the future the one
and the kids is half but all their
supplies okay I'm the last lady did us
or would have four classes students to
put us at four you could be easily our
fifth one to get us halfway there to hit
in our goal for the day I don't have any
cash top ten dollars that's all I can
give them some okay I'll give it to you
as much and then if you want to do court
as well to to finish off for for class
we don't mind I can thank you for
helping us out today
okay one of these sweepstakes and don't
wear shoes let your eyes just let them
be shine yes yeah these are from
somewhere I don't can't remember where I
want to say like Urban Outfitters or
something where and I'm like that yeah
thanks they're kind of flashy by you too
that box
these are the sandals the shoes
referring to different girls kill it
seem very complicated to explain that to
shake right here my mom I got dolls
killing they're like what I gotta write
down I only had ten dollars I would've
given $20 was the minimum donation like
bitch gotta take this $10 12 all I got
it's fucking nails for Vegas everything
they're matching patty oh man hey love
it because loose glitter they use which
was a source of you
go straight down
like really groups if I can pull that
out like a big boy now we are at a sushi
place I met up with this guy that I met
on Twitter you know are super cool and
he wanted me to get my eyelashes day he
brought me coffee at my own place
not my mizushima not a movie and I look
like this so I'm scared mom
no maybe like sweatpants no hair
personality you may feel a lot more
confident about my first now that he's
still here
