you guys we are shooting in this pink
house today and I'm so excited about it
we're doing a bunch of shoots I'm doing
some for clothing companies they're
setting up in there for a lingerie shoe
it's just all pink it's so freakin cute
look how cute I am dying at all of the
pink just everywhere pink this phone
literally my dream house I like to even
know someone like pink even more than I
do it is just so pretty I am dying the
cool she and earlier the bed so I shot
the video I had a film and now we're
doing at the lingerie shoot so I kind of
getting a bunch of stuff done in one day
I love doing this I love being very
proactive it is so freaking cute she had
a pink dog too and the dog was so cute I
was like dying Sonos we're about to
shoot I just have to show you guys real
quick cuz it was really cool alright
guys we are leaving in this pink palace
it's been amazing all the pinkness ah
look at this kitchen
I am so dying it is so adorable I've
seen so many people shoot here over the
year they're like super excited shoot so
victors will be available soon the
cephalic will be up at my main channel
and our pictures will be amazed to
Graham lon at your penis they'll be a
few just like random cannon shot so make
sure you guys follow me there sup buddy
I don't want to leave it was like Mike
Hollow is I'm gonna like
in here my assistant the whole day
everybody look at her
no you are you kidding me you helped me
so much she packed up everything yeah
it's for my moon boots she packed on my
face look at you you were literally an
assistant right now with all the purses
and the cameras go after the rap I know
well we were originally which wasn't
just a girls day and then I kind of turn
it into a work day hey mom you want to
come help me film real quick but now
we're gonna have a girls day so food
everything these it's Farrah Fawcett
head dolls it's fair Fawcett Dalton is
just the head oh yeah
it's not crazy I just tripped me out
there was this other cool thing to these
little pigs right here I'm like I want
little piggies in my room bathroom did
you see they're like sexy pigs they're
like legs are up so cute
dude I'm I'm so sad to leave this place
you too can create yeah that's true you
guys we are on our favorite place ever
Capital Gras not now we are I have a
girl we changed we have an outfit
pumpernickel bread
oh girl of like 50 minute
thank you so we're have the pink on
because we're gonna go visit Hello Kitty
cafe in Irvine which have yet to be - I
keep saying it's holding that whereas if
it's open still so let's see if it is
but now we're having pop girls you have
an e and it's 2:30 we haven't eaten all
day my mom's gonna triple we could meet
you filming my stuff this will be a
girls day and I'm working about oh yeah
we'd have to start book so we have these
shrimp here you want this one cause this
one's poopy I already see that little
poop one my mom tell me that one that's
or a lobster one time that little like
black stuff that comes out like it's no
over there it's inside you have to flip
it over to see it anyways rubbing your
calamari no girl wears out hey guys main
course time we just got the laps
directed cheese this is a steakhouse but
we just loved all the sides so much time
to get the bread we get those and
everything so we got lobster mac and
cheese we each get one because we hungry
my after you want to go because my mom
was it leftovers her favorite is your
favorite you think your favorite
leftover meal
really real excited we the stuff of
Hello Kitty picture is where we ready
you guys from the arm
who is lighting it so bad here that's
the for my mom is getting new makeup
even look at that
I'll grab a selfie again two-faced
Oh
that was an adventure two things happen
well one we got a lot of goodies which
is very exciting but that one was cast
that they just opened with who won I was
filming and as I did the lady next to my
mom to me and that's where the story
starts is like right after she says she
told me take you're not coming here cuz
my camera's up sighs feeling myself but
because the woman was being kind of like
not I guess naughty or something to my
mom she's like just you're not allowed
to film in here the woman that was not
easy you something because I had it on
camera cuz I had the camera like this I
did shut it off but I was like first of
all I wasn't even recording my camera
was just flipped open but she's just
like you hear her because she'd be a
bitch but another people in there and I
said it was so weird I was like she no
she was she was like she'll my mom she
I'm not ready for you in the ladies like
told my mom to go I was like okay
I know and then she's yell that means
her my camera okay my mom bitch
whatever we got our squirming you look
cute guys two more back then she was all
like Miz horrible by the way this dress
is fashioned ova and there's a code if I
have a code I'll put it in here
I don't have a code as of yet but if
there is one I'll put on it we hiked
okay I'm so excited for this
so we're elegans gonna water bottle
really don't kill
we were matching kitty says look at all
these for salt we have more drinks oh
yeah you got a cappuccino - oh it's so
cute thank you oh my God look how cute
that is
oh my god I need a picture and Instagram
oh my god so so yeah we had a little
like membership so then we got our
drinks for free she iced tea we got
little dessert what is in here little
cake little cookies so freaking few to
get here but yeah well we'll take the
desserts out and show you guys in a
second oh I know and water alright guys
this is the pole hello team of bonk this
is a cookie with jelly in it then we got
the regular sugar cookies and a cute
cappuccino what is this a cake or a Rice
Krispies okay okay got some macaroons
and all our little dreams so cute and
this is like the view so adorable little
peas on
there's your little healthy drink I know
I feel like I'm the cheese like we can
have a drink here here I'm like they
come with mommy to do her errands cheers
to our healthy drink night thanks Kate
day what do you think this is really
good my strawberry like this like a
strawberry milkshake
we try to get some photos with the
competing photo bombs again
that looks really hard II need that oh
look at this one they have that one
that's a bow on it look at this one so
cute here try this green that one does
not look fit my mom tries anything
cheers for this beautiful
no not too bad I got my hair
oh no that green did not good huh
oh yeah the pink young and try this have
no idea
oh it is white look oh yeah
you guys already know these shoes are
fashion / - they are so fucking cute so
are expensive so easy to walk around and
matches perfectly with the dress
and there's Yvonne she bag I'm like a
walking version of a billboard like
honestly I'm obsessed so Barbie so
grilling
oh I'd sprinkle them anyways a great
picture
so we have our goodies what is the very
paint day mom
we had a very pink my garbage Ines oh my
god you guys I am so exhausted oh my god
cross-eyed um I am so fucking tired I
think I'm even more tired because I
don't to quit working early tomorrow
because I'm shooting another music video
tomorrow I'm doing these more like like
lower and a music video is not so
high-end because I was feeling wanna not
pressure but I was feeling kind of
pressure but I would do them I love
doing them but I felt like so much
pressure and then also I felt like
people weren't liking those music videos
anymore correct me if I'm wrong but I
love doing them I do but both freaky
won't forget you better now because it's
been my main page like video like when
you go to my main page automatic play so
it's doing better but my lasting silence
has like 400,000 views which I'm not
about the views but those are a lot of
money and a lot of work and like I just
especially now with like your
monetization like I'm just not making
back anything which is fine but I want
to just you know obviously it's not fine
I don't need to go broke doing it you
know I mean but um I just thought you
know why don't I just you know my
creativity like lower and once I guess
but it looks so good my friend Ricky
help me film this one he was so cool to
help me and it helped me out and it
looks so good so I'm just actually
that's what I'm watching now is just
like the little dragon part it's so cute
look at this little drag he's so good at
special effects oh that's me China
so anyway that's called I hate my life
it's a song I've been kind of keeping it
kind of low-key I wrote it when I was
really opossum I came back from
Celebrity Big Brother I just hated my
life and I got it's a relatable song it
says I hate my life but I don't want to
die like I didn't my life I didn't want
to kill myself but I did hit my life I
wanted to express that so anyway so you
guys are interested it was just like a
cute little creative thing and then I'm
doing tomorrow is like a different
creative thing because this was actually
I wrote this song like back in August
and I came back from so every big
brother and now it's September 17th and
I'm having this whole different feel so
I just wrote and recorded a song last
week that depicts how I'm feeling now
which is how you guys about tomorrow I'm
so tired but it was such a fun day with
my mom and we did stop by my sister's
work I didn't show that my sister
bartender was up I had a drink with her
I edited my little video which I filmed
today but I had to get that up because I
had that for about a week I was sitting
on it which I don't usually sit on
clothes that long so that was actually
really fun and I really love the clothes
I'm gonna do more there's gonna be more
creative even with like haul videos that
are sponsoring I want to be more
creative like everyone in that space out
also the lingerie shoot Oh two things I
don't have one I have a fashion Nova
code I truly truly always wore in
fashion over like I'm big brother I wore
a ton of fashion of outfits I truly love
fashion Nova so like I said if there's a
coupon code in this video that's awesome
that they like we're working together
but even if I don't have a coupon going
this be like this shit's still awesome
and it's so inexpensive and then the
sample video was fun but then I also did
another like lingerie shoot in there I
don't want to talked about it I don't
know if this is the right time to talk
about it I don't know when it's
something that I do as like a side
project but I never talk about it and
it's not underneath
well you know what it's a whole video I
don't know it just use it really weird
for me to talk about but it is it'll be
primary I do a ton of shoots that I
actually don't never you guys never see
so this is kind of like a
behind-the-scenes of one today even we
didn't get to see that part so it's kind
of like hard to explain I can't explain
it I'm debating on if I want to explain
it but it's gonna open it me up to a lot
of judgement which there's enough
judgment as it is I don't know we'll see
I've been just having a really good day
in space I don't wanna have to like
think about that but like I
I love to do it it's just a part-time
job I look really awkward and weird
anyways I'm so tired I got everything
done this music it looks great this
video will be up I'm gonna see this I
hate my life it'll be on iTunes
you guys go support it if you'd like it
if you want to see more of those videos
it really means a lot
um because I like YouTube is just I hate
being a complainer cuz I think it's oh
no I need you it's just I know something
like mine's doing time but obviously I'm
I'm an adult content youtuber and I've
always happened and like no matter what
I do is gonna be considered an adult
content cuz the other videos on my
channel so um as far as like getting
money from ads so stupid talk about but
like it's not happening but like you
know I'm by I'm resourceful I'm just
saying like you know supporting the
songs now on like iTunes mean a lot but
no pressure as always go watch the video
I don't care I'm still gonna be creating
so I truly love creating like I just I
have to find a way to curry cuz I love
creating I'm doing it and that's that so
it was like I said I'm fine because I
have other things that I don't even talk
about streams of I'm not a wine that's
nothing to complain about
it's just like a big change you know so
I'll leave to money I wouldn't make I
would always put into my music videos
and then other money I make goes and
it's so boring who fucking shares what
money right I don't but anyways go watch
that video I love you guys uh and let me
know if you guys want me to tell you is
not something diet keeping from me or
it's kind of secret my secret it's just
something that I just choose I like to
do and I I feel comfortable doing and I
just don't feel choose not to say um
really weird or illegal or anything and
not porn but anyways not important in
this video we'll see where it goes so
tomorrow I'm really excited went on my
dad's doing something exciting so just
enjoy this day it's been a crazy I don't
know what's up vlog I was been so tired
by sorry today I feel like I was I feel
like I was up be to everybody bro I was
getting tired for the other day and my
feet were hurting emails Allah Islam be
I'm a zombie right now it's 10 o'clock I
have to be up and literally after bit 3
so 5 hours of sleep great anyways wind
chill and I love guys
Dizzy's mother mmm
