the lighting is this lighting setup my
camera
we got thank you
now is this the best place with up the
water for sound yes in here you always
guys hear us your silver sounds all the
time well I mean you know
anyways we got two big dreams we other
kicks to the biggest water fountain in
Vegas sweet water foot waterfall Hawaii
and it was crying however John was okay
on that
even a little sound nasty every time you
like you know better than me say there's
a we have a contour you know I've been
looking for my new monet purse I got
dope these down so we can drink so I
have to drink both of these together for
a picture but they still enjoy because
I'm drinking both
I am Party 350 we're in Vegas
the girls like you don't do this every
day and every day I wasn't gonna get the
drinks well you were alcohol shaming me
but he was down for you what did he
order that law convent you guys we crash
now at 11 o'clock tonight we're going
out we're gonna party we're gonna live
it up I think it's okay guys she's all
upset that you're you're all upset that
we went to sleep last night when because
all his friends and I'm like I love boy
at the club so I really what it's like
our one shot at Vegas do it it's not one
shot to Vegas a million time
your concept of not doing anything is so
crazy it's most people is like like you
went we went we flew here got a hotel we
went to Elton John it was a two and a
half hour show the moon to the
stratosphere we had a giant meal I had a
glass of wine and then we went to sleep
and then like that's a lot that's a big
Friday night and already she's planning
like a huge day today
yeah oh we're getting it out we're
getting
she's got a 4 o'clock legend show plan
crazy guess what she called that place
recipe
should we go over there where we gonna
be at at legend that close to Aria
I can get someone to take our picture
recognize design us we are behind the
first hour after that way we could be
like okay let's do some soon and they're
only time to go yes mm I was so down too
much 20 if you want more yes yes always
more there's a place show that we're
going Malone got her birthdays dress and
showgirls
guys you see what what is so special
about the inside function like that you
da Vinci I got the monet bag this is the
second collection he's done with Lee was
talking to talks all about the artist
Monet I guess always are you gonna get
in there and read it well it's not for
reading babe it's for we should find out
it's beautiful it's really pretty
getting it how much is a
he's part of it you're not gonna ask
you're gonna ask her how much it is
what if it's $10,000
ooh last one you know you shouldn't like
those lessons or like it from the back
no I know you tried to buy it at Beverly
Center
soon my new everyday person trained
exact recipe but I mean I used to always
wear lose my honor this is just like
it's just so
say you have marui driving balls didn't
even have a
yeah
really I wonder why
yeah
they did a lot of media
practice this way they did like for
other men
not a new person like
you shouldn't my finger one but
but the deal
Oh what happened
where'd you get that
love it Trish good for you I'm happy for
you we work hard yeah
you know you wanted it and you're going
back in here oh no do it you do what you
need to do no cuz I might not find
anything just get what you need
oh you want you want that stuff you sure
not my purchases like
we heard says you know
that's it
in Vegas it's all like seafood rich
fried chopped salads everything you love
we got a diet coke
you were so look how little they are
soulmates right really I ordered it for
em but we're gonna have to we went a
little crazy been frappuccinos this
morning we had diet cokes you only had a
couple cents for a potato plant so we
should have anyway this is our appetizer
I'll try the crab legs gonna get him
she wise we're gonna eat so much this is
these crab things are insane I just had
one was like lemon on it so good the
fries are so good calamari was so good
boyfriend so good
what are you snap telling me texting the
best thing ever to be there's something
to social media because it's like you
never feel weird like vlogging or
snapchat e these are so good these are
like amazing amazing so good
are you one from my blog we did one for
heads putting my face your with your
little right now with your hat your
hands is it amazing
I love watching you eat is so good so
good like I could eat it every day
really maybe we should move to Vegas you
know houses in Vegas are cheap they're
like a really nice house why turn it off
dollars we're losing here come eat at
stone jab crabs in Brandon and Scott
well I'm sure they come visit me love
Vegas
that would be hard sorry Scott
we get two houses one here one and I if
we live together then we could share
houses Lucy John I was like it's like
okay sounds like fun like I guess yeah
then
we were like so close and then when you
started to like play
it's gonna be a little sappy that way
you were gonna be really emotional I
love what you cried Biewer you had like
a double double tears coming down it did
not yeah you don't know I love no that's
my supposed to yawn you ride it out John
yes I mean that's a good one
why would you say exposing Jason and
just be really sad in the picture and
just like alone in my bed
no sexy his mom's been really sweet I
was like worried about who he's texting
and it's like I look over and it's like
his mom like oh so sweet
I'm gonna eat this
I put lemon on it because I know you
like lemon and it really got me a pilot
so crazy eating it on camera
przemek most unattractive what was your
favorite song you know whatever but well
is that absolute because no one is
saying there's one who saying that was
my favorite and there was one that was
my favor haplotype so crocodile rap with
my favorite because we all got to get up
and dance and like a party at something
abetting him down the in day for dancing
we're kind of front row was like the
seats above us like right in front of us
got to go up on stage and we were the
very last cut off of the the rows so we
couldn't go up but it was kind of close
as we were front row yeah we were
dancing together and that was a lot fun
and the confetti like self time show
Crocodile Rock through them so I think
the most like beautiful song he's saying
it was probably Rocket Man I like love
with piano was lit up like it love the
way the sky was that goes really pretty
if you love have you noticed when fans
come up here your fans do all the thing
you always
yeah but they do whatever things this is
very high and it's not here it's up here
it's getting to their throat like they
can't breathe it's okey I had one today
come up to me his name is Miguel you can
happen theater like actually kind of
it's so nice so nice it's like I get
really happy when I was like me people
get like really jacked I get really
excited I'm like oh sweet to me I don't
know why she bought a purse and then she
kind of wanted it he goes did you get
the first one like he knew oh yeah he
wanted that first yeah he got it
cuz I be talked about in the blog the
mone prayers and he's not many times
like tell me you at the moon a person I
was like I did how did you know that was
so poor it's like having friends hello
having friends I like yours that one
should you remember when he kind of like
like made it really quiet they brought
it down things kinda good so oh yeah
when you just claim you know like I was
like that was like till it was about
that way
and I like this is in between but yeah I
wish he talked more really interesting
I've seen how this thing with you though
I was like the villain John fan ever I'd
love I'll drop songs oh my god I really
want to see him how it's so worth it the
stories were too
a little too rehearsed I would have
liked him to bit more if we could tell
like that's like 70 even the way you
walk around the stage I kind of felt
back when we just kind of looked no
amazing former he's a little tired but I
get it he did say why he's been touring
like 50 years or something like that
4500 show yeah that's crazy and he said
he's retiring I'm doing a pair of all
trades they did trying to see what see
his kids grow up which was actually so
to the enemy when a crime was a
residency in Vegas like
doesn't have to like show up it's IMATS
a Britney does she have two kids and she
just bust her do her show
and he only comes like once a year I
think like he's really here for like
three months that he's done oh really
yeah so maybe southern to his residency
maybe was touring instead of stop so
we're pretty lucky too soon yeah LuAnn
said that she was I was like any guys he
sold out for a while but like if you go
on StubHub
it sounds like a promo again but if you
go like StubHub or seeking one of those
places you can get we got like fifth row
tickets the night of the performance I
was like an hour before I was gonna get
sick eager stuff have you guys can
sponsor me because I use you guys all
the time we love you I'm a seat geek
person oh yeah very good to me no no he
does love seat you think he does not me
up but think he gave me 100 talk about
you all the times I love water show
Oh
Oh fancy
Oh
Oh
and there's like ten weird things today
chief in this big honor rally what can
we do to do some shots wait you'll put
some wake you up I'm nuts don't wake me
up Jasper in asleep
what would zoo out just being real
friend cameras I know your people like
real real low light that's what I do
best
let make a tea face right now when you
checking up on the middle
thank ya
every hair in place tonight you know why
your hair black back I'm not interested
in your Elvis because you have the hair
for it
hi w Tricia not me I don't know why I am
Jason you did
most people hi I'm Jason Jay how are you
that's it done how you guys doing we
were just you tubing this is Trisha smog
are you are you a fan of Trisha or me or
but do you watch her first though
obviously right when you love David yeah
thank you
it's your birthday
where is he oh thanks babe
but he doesn't I'm blocking we got come
over here me I've only bad thing about
like a limo is like we're so far away
from each other miss you when you're
that far for me she's just enjoying the
north wing good me you should want this
is great because it's like so quiet in
here now I never lock my battery's dying
mmm Jason are you how you gonna run all
day Barry
have you tried champagne I love that
champagne is it mmm was like we just got
married is yoga time I'm gonna actually
yeah me too
decent you look so good how'd you like
the show they loved it did you you were
in them into AB do I really did love it
I can't believe you saw sting Michael
Jackson acolyte head Elton John all in
one weekend I think you them in there
without and John mm-hmm look at you
threw them in there without them John
like an actual legend hey listen they
they all have talent they all can sing
you know I think that's not good
me know me hey just so you know
emergency exit here hellbender so
everybody guys we gotta get out of here
quickly
is it I don't know I hope this thing
doesn't tip if this tipped we keep
picking here why don't you just
screenshot this yes you can have steep
ticket I don't know the pics are nano
they are I've had to take it like if we
were both like sitting in the I'm like
outside know from my outsider meeting
over here over sorry dark
Gilson mommy run around oh man get back
up here with you you know it's like well
thank you can we do it
oh it's a timer and how do you want to
do oh it's just kind of cute yeah
Trudy flash or no flash oh you should
get a different pose I feel like these
are not keel mustard wolf of Wall Street
style yeah good sooner
no more you do one more and get keep em
a little more Center well I was cute at
have us main focus you okay no you did
okay
yeah
we're looking oh my god we look like a
party is really cute definitely oh my
god
so better the flash is better for sure
you try know him yeah this lighting dim
lighting is our really good best
lighting just get all the lights dark
for us hey that's like such a stalker
song that's so scary
did you and that thing with a net funky
you like this is your song guys like no
baby this is my song to you what else
happens now we go to Chinese food we're
getting Chinese food we've been eating a
lot but actually I'm hungry now I feel
like I might start drinking after
getting hungry so well it's hard like if
you yeah when you play in summer stuff
which I shouldn't factor in the eating
is then I'm always okay she's got all
these things bad like what am I
sir you sure like okay dear is that 6:30
yeah no I know I know it's hard oh hi I
don't regret eating lunch it made us
like late but that was a really good
lunch you know I didn't do good class so
I how like this is open I would love to
get you do that look you do that baby
okay
I'm sure they're open all night for any
other classes for like my silver dress
tonight the star glasses with the silver
dress I think that you're gonna run down
there
mm-hmm like after dinner maybe haven't
Duff was at the Forum Shops before we go
upstairs hotel is at the Forum Shops
what that end
oh you know you always always think is
my person Cheers do you think I feel
like we're hosting it I think I was most
like talk shows to get I feel like we
look like a talk-show host right now
it's like a talk show with you audience
you're like Ryan Seacrest I'm like a
lira but were like the bootleg version
awesome would you go with me that would
be the best toast like a morning talk
shut up
I think Coco had a talk show ice-t and
Coco was it morning yeah yeah what you
know was like one of those syndication
channels just like Donny marine we good
we should do it can you touch that MBC
actually meeting with NBC oh my god
please without their by everybody at NBC
already they are on national television
serious or it's like a stick but I
appreciate both yeah we happy was too
effective here already see it's amazing
effective efficient efficient grab that
okay at them though Tom you're gonna
borrow it or ask him how nicely don't
tell him
by coming that we were vlogging every
restaurant we go to they always try and
tell us that we're ordering food so much
food but for some reason when I'm with
you I always like stop what stop
ordering I'm like what's in last night
we didn't you offer dessert oh yeah I
can do it like me Te'o we got sweets my
favorite come on fat chicken which we
both love we've got the ribs would you
go a lot pastas and girls part like this
what my dream be all right there I'm so
into sauces with my dream man why don't
we said to be funny yeah you always have
to make jokes always you can't cheat on
me I know I think of myself as if
anyone's dream you look like a dream
right now you I should take your picture
like this he looks like look you're so
beautiful you're so beautiful you're
just really handsome
such a trouble sold yeah I guess I love
about you
I mean you nudism a mystery a rebel I'm
a rebel with a sordid past it's been
through a lot of life but I wouldn't
want to burden you with my problems no
you just want to take me away I just
keep it all inside smolder give that
tough exterior you know we never know
where our vlogs are going ever at where
the conversations going in the toilet I
don't know what I just said or up enough
I'd repeat myself sorry guys also I made
Jason order allow or three drinks
everybody sake here and then it we just
order like a mixed drink because I want
to shy all of it
he's really one of three drinks by
ordered two of my own and I was like one
of us for the record you ordered three
drinks by yourself
I know I don't know what's wrong with me
I just put a drink I haven't been drunk
that much in Vegas like at all
I feel bad it like I'm taking you away
from drinking I know Amy away from a lot
of things drinking from sqs sex yeah
nightclub life drugs yeah how dare you
that influence on me you're doing a lot
of your fans by Jesus boring nobody
we're not getting like the filtration
you know you know what I love it you do
kind of like mature me more I really
don't do drugs like drugs that much
anymore like I don't drink little but I
don't drink as much like honestly even
Vegas usually I'm drunk I'm like good
morning tonight how is it not being done
kind of I just like him I think I'm
boring you
when I don't drink which I feel like I'm
just a fun hour person one major I can't
tell on you drunken where you're not
really the same you didn't seem on your
tongue really which I guess is a
compliment as most people change for the
worse yeah I'm a drunk
yeah you're just as much fun
but is it are you like on edge without
it no no not at all I actually might not
my nicorette gum are you really
it's really weird um no I'm not an edge
I just I don't want to like I feel like
I'm not like fun
I'm more like not fun we went to saw
Elvis Michael Jackson it's something fun
realness we went to the top of the world
which by the way you know yeah mom liked
it you love it because we don't ride the
food yeah you say that oh you're like
the atmosphere really
I love the I'm scared it was fun I like
the attitude I like sitting really what
food was like that's okay it was good I
think also like we're a little animals
wasn't so good lately
Wow why was talking on top shelf yeah no
Hawaii is really really good food we're
good eaters I've got a Mikado again in
the West jelly I keep thinking about
that place so far they've got chips and
salsa those margaritas the foods like
close to my house it was ice cream
afterwards I was like the pedasi I like
new places at which I can drink yeah I
like to drink I like mystery those
drinks are really glad I got so drunk on
that one
I know you wear actually that's Mike one
today we're gonna tow bar tonight
you got drink alone
one drink even if we're so fucking tired
after the show we need one drink
we just perfect we just can't go to the
upstairs like after chris angel' we
can't go upstairs tonight because we'll
vote there's fall over
yeah you know like it's weird like not
really but kind of because I like
tweeting him on his show last time then
he's like hey congrats on all your
success like Mary Mary yeah yeah I've
noticed when I was like 17 and so he's
like let's take another pic next time
you're in town which is like so weird
cuz if I couldn't even see him than it
happened to him or anything
yes up and he says I congratulate you
tell you success and I was like oh yeah
music let's look at a picnic time here
in town I was like cool like I love
Chris a jolie but I don't know like
personally really loved him but he like
gave me a tough time it sounds like oh
he's like wiping and going backstage to
take with him which is weird he's like
okay he's like he's what show are you
coming to yesterday Saturday night 7 or
9 30s and I 3 is it okay he's awesome I
want to do that I feel like that's like
the coal but I'm not I love the show go
Christian July love you it's a really
really really good show like when I
thought sure I hadn't I hadn't seen you
in front like 12 years yeah so I wasn't
like I went cuz it's like uber banners
to the class I think it's really good
you're gonna really like the show and
the show is really good it's crazy
really
that's all I do like Vegas is literally
shows for me like cuz I said I'm all the
time with my dad like right I was like a
single dad so you chose me my brother
and like when we come on visit him he
always thinks the Vegas like Circus
Circus we'd stay at we'd always go see
like 5000 shows my dad had no idea to do
with us so we'd always like go see a
bunch of shows so
that's why you like yeah we would come
every at one we somebody come up in the
summer everybody I think it's every
weekend to Vegas Bateen don't do with us
we go to Circus Circus and watch the
circus and so he takes the legends like
we'd see legends but that's a kids show
like you would take us all the shows you
wanted to see until I like it and so
even for birthdays now so I read I have
a same birthday come to Vegas together
so did you see that and I'm with my new
daddy did you see Will Smith here
it was really nice was it weird I feel
like they're kind of a weird family I
mean they're not
what was it suburban family it was
really nice it was like it was basically
there's like a one minute Instagram
video I think it was maybe Jaden's music
and he was a little bit like put himself
in like it was like really well shot and
then at the end he was like
congratulations on 10 million streams
here my boy is it really very good thing
I do that for your son when he gets
Emily on streams yes I love your
birthday pose for your kids your
birthday plus for your kids are kind of
iconic it's always so sweet and like
thoughtful because you know we see funny
post and for them I got drinks and for
them you mean it like super sweet and
like from the heart
yeah there's your drink sir yeah so it's
so good yeah
the appetizers come with a little saucer
like I can do something wait how do I
keep Georgie this is a shot I don't
really know sake dry sipping no sorries
I take it at a time pretty right it's
like gulp this whole thing I mean you
could I got really drunk last operating
Glanville we went to towel and was at
the bar and we tau in Vegas or in LA
and it was summer sensing each other
after the Big Brother house and she
probably bought us like ten pots of sake
and we have so hammered on sake oh my
gosh look at that dishware I know the
dish was very fancy here oh wow that's
so fast already Wow
oh those egg rolls look really good well
thank you update you guys these are the
best looks like we're on this egg roll
is like the best I've ever tasted in my
life and I'm not over exaggerating
none of us cause it's warm mrs. Tobin
inside the flakes are amazing oh my gosh
yeah thank you could have more thank you
yes so pretty thank you we're having a
blast with these a lot of straps I'm a
little junkie drunk but these are so
good I don't know why we talk about
extras all the time I'm like asking
Jason about all of us go and then
playing over ex-boyfriend I don't know I
would talk about this stuff it's so
stupid it's a little interesting I like
to hear about Jason's past dating life I
really in love
I know that like for me like oh my god
my heart for a minute that's different
than me in love with you
okay I'll sing the camera off but oh my
god wait just do I say something bye
that was so intense you guys I was like
what the fuck okay madly in love with
you just for the record I knew it full
thing okay I love my racing do
form shops and I just have to have these
shoes
you're so cute my feet were hurting so
anyways I was so money I had my others I
have my Jojo Jews stilettos on and they
were love my juice but don't you know I
have my Valentino's something I said
there's no Jason I said okay my feet are
hurting so I'm just gonna have to get
these Gucci shoes and while I was there
I was there I don't care if you in heels
or and sneakers I actually prefer the
sneakers they're really great so where
are we going
I'm told if I can stay till nine o'clock
I could do anything
yeah let's say I got hair on my back I
love that that's too big all those
people in the eye sometimes saying
chinese-food earlier the best jealous I
get so many girls in Irvine so you're
eating out all the time nothing wasn't
hitting on anybody it was two girls of
my mines over and over again that same
two girls I didn't know you there's a
moon that go the rise I have jammer
boyfriend two other girls before me hey
who said that
like some fine girl I think it looks but
Li Shu I get all don't really know how
dare you be married before me I love
being wife number two thousand Lani
number ready yeah we'll get it right
this time
married mm-hmm
yes
