alright guys we are on our way to
fashion over I'm so excited so my favor
websites and were from there literally
like a probably thirty dollars week
there and I'm sure they like because a
long time ago I was gonna work with them
and I just didn't work out and literally
order stuff from there all the time
they're probably remembering this bridge
in so I'm hoping I get to work with them
and we can do some cool collapse if not
I feel like where's case scenario my
best course pretty close because I'm not
getting to have like a plus-size like I
noticed price on spots it's like not
spots I've only talked with them through
email never I've worked with them Philly
nothing and literally buy all my clothes
like a lot of the clothes you saw on
somebody grow they're like the white
dress I wore the last day I was standard
that t-shirt with the holes in it that I
was always wearing the blue one like a
lot of my stuff is is fashion of us so
I'm really excited great site it's like
it to get expensive site but it's like
really great quality really good quality
like the stuff is like amazing it's like
the latest style so I am super stoked
nice to have plus sized stuff which fits
amazing and everything's kind of
stretching anyways so alright guys see
where the parking situation is well they
have like all this stuff like in their
offices like the office the warehouse
waters I want waters with my label on it
flamin hot cheetos I just wanna steal
this goal me way can you pull it up we
just had dinner at Beverly Hills PC
factories there's one a lot closer to my
house but Sergio wanted to be bougie
like what hey that's my junior days
no Sergio it's my tip that was my tinder
date yeah when she's a doctor kisses
bougie so I'm Julie yummy I invited
Sergey and he's still paid
oh thank you oh thanks oh this is so
comfortable oh thanks
it is comfy it's comfy super Gandhi I
said I was just telling them that um
don't hit that man and that I invited
you out to dinner
yeah who did you think I was doing to
myself who ordered what do you think I
was talking rice I love telling them
yeah just like the voices in my head I
was telling them that I asked you like
hey I really want to go because we were
supposed to just meet tonight at my
house and I was like hey do you want to
like go to dinner not to hook up I'm
saying like just to talk about things at
my house I was like you wanna go to
dinner and I always says like oh like
pee Bobo because Sergio has always paid
haven't never paid once and I'm like
going over so anyways I I've never I've
never paid granted as you guys know I
don't ask people out like even friends
because I don't like the fear of
rejection like I don't even actually
hang out cuz I just don't like rejection
so anyways and Sergio and I don't date
nothing like that so I was like oh but I
was really pretty because I had my hair
done you guys know I never had my hair
makeup done so you know what I had a
good day I haven't hair makeup done
you're really pretty
no but then Serge you haven't seen him
forever so I felt awkward cuz he always
initiates it or whenever you're gonna do
dinner you're like hey you wanna go do
dinner but it's not you like let's just
like I'll just come to your house and
we'll talk about it like a cool so but
they don't really want to eat I was like
you know what let's mosey I'll take you
out with me so low-key whatever huh and
then you pay for me which I feel so
uncomfortable because I said oh yeah
he's from Uruguay he understand me but I
love foreigner so there's nothing wrong
with being for him
anyhow that makes me really
uncomfortable and I would love to know
you guys and thoughts on it because I
asked him how and we were just friends
and he even told me his girlfriend
sometimes failed like sometimes when
they go out like friends at her girls
she's like you loose a paper now and I
was like okay I can pay one time if I
said next time I'll pay I've learned me
this time I can afford Cheesecake
Factory Vegas sergey's guys show off how
good he is in his Volvo he's like are
you do me embarrass I mean oh there she
is for cognized car is like not even
it's a rental it's like a nice car but
sorry that we lost my car did you lose
it or did you it was total well you
don't lose it
someone took it from me it's not cool
anyways thanks for dinner from cheese
Cheesecake Factory Beverly Hills because
surgery's bruised bougie we don't live
in Beverly Hills what we drove there
just sorta to get somewhere but you were
after actually Sergio does prefer
where's your ass you were that first
hour I don't want you ever like since we
started leaking out again seasons went
to Galena yeah but that was when I lived
in my house I'm saying this last time
when we start hanging out again
which I got really drunk and I was
eating those like lamb like meat sticks
things it pump no my love I would
remember that you don't remember
no like it was in Beverly Hills - I
think it was like right by their ballet
and I had like those like lamb
chopsticks I think
oh yeah I like that
citizen Susan no I want there for real
yeah it's just willing to prove that you
were awesome so Ken's aboard him sorry
Trump not this foreigner he's here to
stay right they can't deport you
Bob step and if they did I would marry
you Bob loves them that's what we had
tell me what you think below if you feel
like if you ask the person out and you
guys are just friends
and if you should pay for the meal if
you pick the place you ask the person
out like Sergio had no intention of
going out snake is he was tired he
worked he was with his Claire Pedro
something is like yeah so that's
obviously why didn't wanna like nope
when we go into detail about wise house
thanks the car accident yeah I know I
don't know if you want me to say that
though that's a personal detail but
anyways I did not one right so it was
not this foreigner small but another no
but I appreciate you take coming out
because I really I never asked people to
hang out or watch even me cuz I really
am scared they would say no and the fact
that you did it I was like really
excited so thank you and the fact that
you paid I was like wait you don't baby
was gonna meet you and then you're like
I'm gonna be there in 10 minutes I was
like I really was expecting because I
good I asked you I wasn't like oh come
pick me up I love when you do though
he's only four she doesn't you can thank
Sergey how do you say thank you in
Spanish which Ephesus oh I knew that
what okay donde what kid only why and
where that's what you have to ask your
day all the time why why than where why
and where and then
how do you say that come on follow good
why how and where that's how you asked
for sex
como donde porque cuando in cuando yo
what what
oh we are live exactly where that one
dozen raw the Tongass piece hey I have
no idea what kind of vlogs I have and
there Lea have been blocking for like
five days but have an edited anything
together awkward or anything to a
computer so I have no idea what on this
vlogging but I have no idea sometimes
I'm just filmed so much I love filming I
feel like most youtubers well people who
do youtuber enjoy a tube-like like
filming the best obviously and I
actually don't mind any when I met Ken
the zone for it but I first film
literally 24 hours a day okay it's
almost like filming me and I could be
like I feel like I would actually like I
feel feel like this way I think you
feelin cameras just can't work like
crews following me around from borrow
say I actually like love it if you like
my show and like I feel like it would be
really funny I'm like cool like editing
would be creative but because it's like
me doing everything I feel like I don't
know some things that I do I don't like
funny if kinds of you might like
sometimes videos that I do like eating
shows residence I love doing them I
can't I so crazy me that's like the
number one thing that people call the
hello reading videos I'm like why you
don't even me like to me it mmm they're
they're they're fun to do and I like to
do them but I don't understand is it
just she explains me one time say it's
not even about the food all some people
say it is like you know I watch it
whenever on a diet or you know I just
like to see the food you get or I feel
like eating with you and then change
well because it's not my food is just
like you're sitting and counting on top
and the conversation in like real time
so what I'm just talking a lot I don't
know I am I just I don't know what the
point of all that was other than like I
don't really know what people some
people would find your team that I went
so
at supper I want to film stuff that some
people think actually it's really
entertaining you know because like the
cloth that's a good example like I've
been thinking my closet and like
organizing my house I don't think Oh
time lapse or film out like that's so
boring to me because I would never watch
that and so I feel like it also what I'm
doing you know I feel so bored like I
couldn't imagine how be like like giving
you guys that to watch like here
here's your prisons watch me organize
closets which is like help in like on
earth for me like that just is the worst
thing in the world so um I don't like I
said if I just having a camera crew in
front under and that's good that's not
producers I think The Truman Show my
life is a church I feel like that could
be actually really interesting my last I
am NOT Sherman Sherman Jim Carrey I saw
that he's being casted and a new comedy
TV series which is crazy because he's
hasn't on TV since in living color
look I am a Jim Carrey can I know I like
whatever but like I am a fan I think
I'll be really good just over here in a
bizarre and that's like I'm all these
like things like publicity for the show
it would be smart
no no such a good night is good day I
really I was explaining it in the car um
kind of but like you know I heard you
were going to meet up his we're partners
and a lot of things like we're doing a
lot of things together we've always had
we done that perfume together the true
perfume you know him that he's very
smart he's a very smart business guy and
like we just do a lot of stuff together
like business-wise and stuff and he
helps me and he's really just really
smart I what he does so I go to him for
it give a something sometimes or
whatever we just like get together and
like think of ideas I'm always trying to
think it's like new stuff I want to do
that the clothing line he is trying to
help me with and you know kinda is
helping me he's really good at like
management and like organizing you like
that I'm not I'm attacking everything is
amazing so we just kind of get together
and so there were just me together him
doing little brain some sesh the way
working on this project together that
were just trying to like figure out like
the priorities and trying to like figure
cuz the Pallotta stuff we do doesn't
work out and that's just any
entrepreneur you know just like try
ideas and doesn't work
doesn't always flow or go with what
we're doing in your budgets or whatever
so so we're just posed to get together
he's been going through a lot of shit
I'm sitting back in the UK so like you
know I owe you know like I don't really
initiate me up anybody even if you're
just a friend or a girl or whatever like
I really do my see only I guess my mom
my sister and my my dad I initially
think out mostly because I feel like
they don't like to bother me which is
crazy because I think that's the vibes
always getting out to feelings I guess
when I was like younger as I know
matricies her own things also I just
initiate those which I don't actually
mind but because they know that I'm
gonna have me a third busy though busy
and they made the effort but like
friends or like people that aren't my
family I think reject me and be like
devastate him my hair is like actually
kind of cute like this oh there's one
more than that there's this is cute oh
my god I would see a selfie with this
guy just a selfie my lingerie just for
like fun um hi I know summer month let's
keep this place so yeah I'm gonna do
something real quick I'm not gonna life
my short here look like this every
single day like just really easily like
I honestly would rock short hair like
this is actually really really cute but
it's hard for me to do this on my own
anyways I just took some bomb-ass
selfies my hair feels so smooth and soft
I'm obsessed I'm gonna put up because I
do love this part of the night where
does this put it up off my face I have
two big lamb days coming up this weekend
no really tiny hairs front teeth it's
crazy so I'm going to rest my face I
don't even know me vlogging in these
next two days cuz I'm just resting I'm
gonna try and like exercise I don't know
like I said of all be vlogging because I
really just want to like eat really good
as new meaning like take care of my
socialize because I love socializing
I've been doing it more it's fun when I
do but I
we see it so Tomic something is
downstairs
I'm gonna make sections platinum so yeah
I'm doing like big stuff too and I'm
doing a lot each day like the two days
I'm reading full plan like I'm doing
like you know my work for like three
different projects like three different
like companies and one of my own
projects so it's like I have a lot of
like work but you know I don't use them
but you never get glam I always trying
to make the most of it and do a lot with
it cuz yeah I'm gonna pay someone doing
your makeup you don't want to make sure
it's like actually for work and it's all
just because I want to feel pretty and
this sometimes but actually stuff I
don't you know my job and I gotta take
it more seriously like when I do work
with crayons I want to like put more
effort and go into different locations
to shoot things because you know they're
essentially paying me obviously like I
like the product or whatever but they're
begging me to sell the product yeah you
know me and my house can sell product I
know this but I want to make more of an
effort and make it more even more
appealing like the way companies do you
know they go out and do photo shoots and
do the hair make I said I want to do
more that would be on that level of
professionalism because like I said I'm
always looking to do more things and
it's not modeling or sales you know what
I mean but having said that things I do
I can't I don't like have ass this
eyelash isn't bugging me so much it
keeps coming down and I like gets caught
in the middle man right it's like Oh
guys I don't know how much longer
eyelashes patches I love eyelash
extensions because you do wake up just
looking really really flawless I can't
ask you so there's just there's always
shedding like after your initial set
they're always gonna shed I just wish
someone would come out when it's not
it's like so frustrating
like I said there's always constantly
shining up one came out I think that was
the one that was bugging me I don't
think it was cuz this first time I got
it done it was great because it's like
you know there's no shiny cuz they're
all the same length you've got a mother
that's in time but when Stern feels he
doesn't drop some don't so it's just
like constantly every day we go with
like five eyelashes and you know they
kind of freak out
I don't mind with using eyelashes
meanwhile those can be once in like the
first time ever there's how it feels
good take it off but anyways I'm gonna
go edit you guys literally you guys I'm
going to actually things I'm looking up
guys you know my spirits are up I have a
lot of things I'm looking forward to
that I'm doing I have a lot of things
looking forward to that I'm being hired
to do and shows going on so I'm excited
and you know it's gonna be everything's
gonna be you know everything's gonna be
alright
and everything will be alright if you're
going through a tough time just keep
going there's always better times ahead
and lighter times and there's gonna be
love light and success for you in the
future if you don't feel it now
sometimes I don't even feel that I know
it's gonna happen and sometimes you have
to appreciate what you do have and like
look around like you know what I do have
this in this and I remember I saw that
night it's like we put it that route so
anyways I hope you guys like said if
you're going through hell just keep
going because it'll be worth it in the
end life is worth living I promise you I
love guys so much thanks for watching
and Alex America sees
