fuck it is and a My Little Pony Club and
I not just oh look we're here
she back that she went anywhere at some
vlogging rats go see it whoa we just saw
the movie and now we're at the old
stomping ground of El Torito what are
those the pores you know baby
we haven't been here in so long it
wasn't by the boats and gears with the
beam this is so bad so excited see where
the world takes us it was pretty good I
was very worried my mom like a lot more
glory a lot more scary I love being by
out of the water water it's just nice to
look at so pretty
got my itch shirt okay she the back of
my head Cheryl wait I can't see it but
it's on a picture at the video okay
we'll do it super cute though little
boats
I wanted to talk about kayaking more
than we thought we might get stuck
because I'm not a very good boating
partner everyone miss you everyone's
like where's your mom is she okay
because your last meet when mama got
back out that's so dramatic and everyone
was like so scared and me too I was like
what's happening with my mother falling
apart how Oh
just needed a regroup little social
media vacation whoo I made a homey guys
what a freaking day I missed something
actually really started hurting again so
I ordered some like decent food I mean
we had good food today but I had a lot
of like well I were stuffed with cheese
on it but I ate like hella like chips
and popcorn and wait I didn't tell you
guys last night because I didn't think
it was like really appropriate got ass
over there to talk about front of your
mother
hell I told her but not to the extent
the graphic detail so you guys are
getting that graphic detail I went out
last night we go sorry I like said
goodnight but I I'm not drinking at hard
liquor anymore like we had that big blue
drink I had lots of cranberry vodka as
like and honestly was so sick all night
like it hurt like I was physically like
crying while I was like throwing up but
you know when you really want to throw
it up and you just can't and then you
start then you start smelling your own
vomit from the little bit that comes up
I puked in my joy cup egg which I'm
really upset about because my hair
stylist gave me this really cool like
vinyl joke oh because she works for them
and I loved it so much she had it and
she finally got me one and I just I had
a puke in it I just wasn't even thinking
I should have puked on the floor to be
honest and cleaned it up but I was like
the bag was right there and I'm so I'm
so annoyed cuz obviously I throw it out
it was like really gross and you know
just going to go from the other way I
was just I was I had such a rough night
and I'm so tired actually cuz I only
probably slept I may meet two up with
one eye where I was like had a really
bad stomach ache him in another all
right place left okay but I'm so
exhausted but it was a fun day I really
needed to spend time with my mom I love
my mom so much I'm getting happier like
day by day just I'm starting a new hobby
in the next couple weeks not actually a
new hobby it's an old hobby I'm thinking
back up from the childhood so I'm just
doing that I'm trying to spend more to
have my family you know friends all this
stuff like that I literally been texting
so many people randomly that I want that
with but actually genuinely liked
hanging out with in either I didn't hear
from them or just never became like a
thing and I'm like you know what I'm
gonna just try with people I generally
like to hang out with and if they'd only
thing out me then it won't be but I'm
also recording my first oh it's a new
genre of music tomorrow but I'm honest
I'm not gonna spill the beans on that
cuz it's a surprise but you guys know
see some of the stuff I got shit so I
had to get new glasses these are
actually really cute let me just try
them on for you guys real quick this is
the back of the shirt I was trying to
get my mom to show you bless her heart
she's just like I don't know what I got
looking here's also a closer look at the
My Little Pony oh my tummy really hurt
that's not about this Pocky but we had
dibs my mom actually had dibs and she
shared with me and so can't eat those
and I kept the cookies and cream
Takia for later these are at the Tom
Ford I need a new prescription glasses
because my other ones I've just are
really old and I'm really excited about
these these out myself like the guy
working there like recommended them to
me cuz I like go ahead before aren't
these so cute don't I look like super
smart and intelligent like in front of
I think these are so cute I need to get
a picture with these on but I think I
look really bomb um and then I got the
thing you're on right now which is this
case from Sephora this is not all to
make up my own would fit in here so I
thought this was that was just really
really cute I don't need like I have a
pink one like this this was just show me
I loved it so much and running me at
Alabama from true romance and then I
just got a couple of things not warrant
not enough to warrant a full haul but I
got the matching like kind of carrier
case for my purse and then I got the
peaches peach my cheeks two-faced in
ginger peach and then an eyeliner from
Flemington 1070 very new email lifestyle
I also really like the Fendi foundation
actually got it matched over here they
were all on my color but it's to time I
think
I'm picked up tomorrow because it was a
really really great see I'm going to get
picture this I ordered some food and
then I want to go to sleep maybe I'll do
a quick live show but I think I want to
go to sleep I'm so tired
oh yeah and there's my clothes of my it
yes you had a people just one this is
aunt one today so good bill skarsg√•rd
if I can kill this Pennywise I'm gonna
love the original time curry but like
honestly this was so different that I
like appreciate it and like a whole
different way so let's have some dinner
hopefully I'll hop my tummy I just start
hurting really bad when I got home but
we'll see I lost that there wasn't a
second pair of glasses that I really
like I might have to go back to get them
I love it I can see now though I
actually really do need to wear glasses
I just never do but usually blind half
the time but anyways what's up everyone
again still waiting for my food pop to
cinemas it's love making progress in my
night I'm just catching up on all the
tan in this light I didn't take my
makeup off you're good last night on
earth all this Jim Carrey says I thought
I'd just vlog because Isaac I mean not
that I have like that many thoughts or
even that deep of thoughts on the
subject but um I'm here to make sense oh
my got a text I think he kind of makes
sense I have a real interesting Jim
Carrey story time but I'm don't know if
I should share it or not um cuz I do
like him and like you know respect him
but I better see who messes but all I
can say he makes a lot of sense also
Andy Kaufman okay babe alright guys I'm
about to watch episodes on Showtime I'm
eating some big CD I've already done in
a little bit on this so yummy and I had
some la creme this stuff actually helped
my stomach I don't know why or how but
anyways just haven't and I in texting my
favorite person eating big CD watching
episodes which is an amazing show I'm so
happy it came back I didn't know
new episodes were starting my TV I
picked it up and eating baked ziti those
are definitely looking up
things are good okay guys I decided I'm
gonna do a live show tonight because I
have a little bit of energy
still it's relatively early but before I
go to bed I mean before I start my live
show where she guys I post mated
something very exciting besides food
even more exciting than food I knew you
thinking Trish what's more exciting the
food very little juice in a button that
mirror rewind just kidding um I will
show you what's more important than food
I'd only get in the food um I did it
y'all I posted it has the prison that I
loved tax I'm seeing tomorrow so I
wanted to get really like bomb
foundation and this is amazing I let you
blend and match perfectly to my skin
tone right now it's fake it's a matte so
I'm gonna have new makeup which I feel
like all girls feel better when they get
new makeup so yeah so excited this they
had a success Sephora near me and then I
also got the universal like blotting
powder which they get Sephora I was just
like crawling you know like it's amazing
so I mean the packaging is so simple and
like I'm not the hugest like Rihanna fan
but like I heard the shit was bombed so
that's like they said like salute girls
for literally is like you'll look like
flawless so here's looking flawless and
we shall see that in the morning um but
for now I am going a to go into a live
show maybe edit a lot I'm a little bit
behind so my debit blog so I'm gonna end
it here for you guys
I'd love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
which tomorrow brings Khaleesi here and
recording studio spoiler alert and I'll
see you guys in the morning so I should
we show Keanu Homer Senate my stars God
class and here I kissies for my little
weight issues bye
