okay vice I have but not blogged at all
today because I have been cleaning so
much and I always say that but I have
been a cleaning of a storm and we
watched you a live show right now I do
live shows on you-now Unicom / - not
Vedas uh sometimes I go like for weeks
like every day and sometimes I stop flu
I don't know be a fan over there that's
what they call it a fan and then you get
notified when I go live um but I got you
guys what I did today so first of all
look at these are new dragon claws I got
they are bedeviled by the airline's
y'all already know I'm so obsessed with
these etsy.com
slash shop slash the Alliance and if you
use my co2 getting 10% off
I think it's just Trish maybe checks out
I'll put it in the description box look
how cute this is what I love about
cleaning out my closets like I have this
really cute sleeping show you guys know
I love these huge sleeping shirts this
is actually kind of nice this one kind
of like gives you a little shape and it
says queen of everything I totally
forgot about this shirt I ordered it
forever ago I'm so in love with them and
I'm rocking my short hair I've had it up
all day so I kind of just took it out
after my shower because tomorrow I'm
doing like a little you guys will see
I'll explain it tomorrow like a little
music video shoot nothing nothing cry
cry okay so let's go in to my closet
look at that progress everybody progress
so I know look I know it looks messy in
here I was like what the fuck this is
huge progress like I said I had piles of
clothes just all the way through just
shit everywhere on the floor not only
did I like put stuff away give stuff
away throw stuff out I had like a system
now kind of this is all kind of
unorganized still but up here I have
like this is like lingerie and then
these are like camisoles cuz like I
always keep buying like new camels
because I always lose mine but now I
have them all in one spot oh my gosh who
knew organization could be so like
needed um then I have like these are my
Abercrombie sweats they have their own
elections I have so many because I think
they're so comfortable these are my
sleeping pants then over here I have my
sleeping shorts this is sleeping
that's sleeping shirts and then like
oversized sleeping shirts and then I
have some more of my like 90s this is
not really like lingerie these are just
like silky 90s that are like comfortable
just like cute little nightie said I'd
like to wear to bed when you know I want
to feel cute but also comfortable so
it's not quite as sexy because I have
launched or any other room it's like not
corset certain stockings but it's comfy
and then I have all my bras in one spot
because I kept buying new bras - as you
can see over there but I actually have
quite a few bras I put the ball in one
spot this again has no rhyme and reason
up there I have my shorts leggings and
pantyhose and then of course my denim
you guys like I've never been organized
but this is amazing I'm like I'm gonna
know where everything is I'm gonna like
not mine getting dressed okay just
ignore the pile of clothes I got rid of
a lot of stuff so you guys jumping on
the mortar
okay there's like no lights in here but
this room - was so messy I mean this
room still needs a lot of work like a
whole lot of work I need to organize
this room but I was really focusing my
bedroom closet today but you know I want
to be able to see let me shoes and
everything I'm setting up a glam room
downstairs just wanna see you real quick
you guys were like okay so I've kept my
me living room pretty clean I'm just
doing a laundry kitchen pretty clean you
guys look at the improvement of this
room now look I can actually like walk
in remember there was a pile of shit
here got all my suitcases in there so no
I'm kind of just organizing this room I
mean it's gonna get obviously much
better don't know what it is but anyways
um I'm not going to make this too long
tonight I just wanted to like give a
quick hi a quick pop cuz I thought my
shirt was like really cute I was excited
I found it but we will along tomorrow I
have a very exciting day tomorrow actual
room so thirsty I've been so thirsty
like all day oh hi
like I said I'm doing like a mini music
video shoot somebody my full glam and
then we're gonna go look at this new Tim
Burton pop-up restaurant in LA Amy and
James he's like my little eating partner
in crime so I'm excited for that so we
have glam day
we have I just want our breath walking
with death we have glammed a music video
day and live showed a live show today
date night I'm doing my lifestyle right
now all right guys we'll see you in the
morning this is PI not on out for a walk
so I will add this qu tomorrow is we're
shooting the music video and the first
literally the first scene is if it's all
professional is like these bubbles
inspired by Jessica Simpson's with you
video and my director / DP / art
department person for me this is Ricky
you're back in the vlogs okay he's
showing us how to make wait did you put
more in wait what is that I was that
girl eating oh wait did you put more in
from the original
he put basically put the soap in first
we how did that get so big though cuz
when he left he was taking this at the
bottom like it's still in here you still
full out of it that's sponsored by Paul
Mullen
do you still wash dishes like this they
like filling the sink that was like our
parents did my parents fill the sink up
but it's not going of water and I like
people don't wash dishes that way I
don't even own dishes so are all down
here look at all those plastic forms
plates plastic forks postmates this
where you want a frigerator here yeah
what do you do for drinks oh my god can
we shoot something loving today like
getting a hot dog coming out and being
like in my pink t wagon I'm gonna look
good I'm gonna wear chicken this outfit
when we go on public today I'm not gonna
wear this morning something crazy this
is a workout
you could say it looks like a lot of
work I was gonna do it we said I got
this I got this
is it gonna get bigger no like is it
gonna um artists they're probably a
little more water I think the water
right now that's hot oh oh oh maybe does
it work out know you is this is the end
result we're gonna be washing my dishes
over there my favorite play Luke you are
smooth and shiny hmm
we're watching a this lady II he likes
you thinking a lot of food I say she
eats it all - this girl's a champ the
Mook bongsam all right guys this is the
camera shooting with let's go okay we
just got another one I just wanted to
keep pictures I have a lot - we're
filming here now we're gonna get food
the canary aids
Matros formulas for eating
James yeah I was trying to get open I
was trying to get everyone we love we
always say that I shouldn't get our
shiny up as we coordinated with satin
and sequins
hey let's go we're happy to host we're
trying to get the coffee stick to work
so we can get a proper selfie someone
just said you go girl I feel like cuz
I'm actually wasn't gonna track to
person today but you've overall like
thanks Carla
okay ready ready for the south beam nice
look how cool this is design
all Tim Burton
the bar look at that everything
it looks so fun here with the caliber
I'm flying over this right now Howard
what do you think
of everything we got so funny where
should we go where - oh that's where you
eat you want to look around this way so
excited there's the restaurant we're
gonna turn right and there
candy shop cuz it's Willy Wonka gotta at
least Kenny's appetizer there's one
wings just like a shire mac James's
giant peach blurry
we got a male visual everybody
now let's call the lighting it's a
spooky
okay guys this is the best I can do
doc I'm going to feel so good go about
this but right here oh I just have to my
computer no big deal 3000 off oh god you
guys I've been up since 5:00 my body
said hate me in the morning I hope you
guys don't hate me in the mornings I
love you
