okay shut this thing he driving I said
are quiet oh my god I see you guys had a
new car kind of I just dropped my not to
get serviced because there was like a
recall like on the steering wheel or
something they said it would be fixed in
a day but I get so nervous driving other
people's cars or cars that aren't mine
it just feels really weird and I'm
really not used to it and as you can
tell I'm getting honked at I was saying
I feel like a Newport Iver and I feel
like I can go pick up some people in my
my fancy new car literally uber status
okay I gotta figure out how this
I'm gonna like turn off the car well
just had vehicle settings I don't know
can you get my hair - the brights on oh
my god there's just so much happening
I probably should scoobert probably
would have been a lot easier because I
don't know how to get this cop closed
it has to be automatic right
I
but very exciting if I wanted to Dancing
with the Stars Bros inside of the
Mercedes place he's kind of he looked so
good and so young better than you'd
found TV bring hundreds that knew it was
him and he had a bougie as Mercedes and
he was about my bougie-ass Mercedes and
then I got in his non bougie ass
Mercedes now this one's nice it just
feels like an uberx
everything about this top being open is
giving me so much anxiety and this car
is so different than mine that I
honestly have no clue what to do
c9 has and I'm skittles we had to be
like chomped off in it
oh oh look at that there's a little like
I just started pushing things what you
probably should do
much better oh my god that was giving me
so much anxiety it literally felt like
the outside was inside my car and it was
giving me so much things honey I'm
saying it's aching my far as if it's
actually my car
but yeah Mercedes never gave me a loaner
before but I guess it's a recall maybe
and then I want to go get my oil change
like a fucking adult that I am because I
only had a one service on that since
I've got in the car and they're like in
the hand like did the thing he's like oh
no you're three months are you sure
because I've told thousand miles on that
car only had it serviced once and he
didn't even offer to be like oh well
I'll do it I could do it for you because
I would even like yes please I'm here
it's just a pain in the butt to have to
go drop off your car now oh my god I
feel really loud
it's my I sound like to everybody that
listens to me on a daily basis
anyways I waited around all day I'm like
so I'm like greasy - OH I haven't washed
my face all day I waited around all day
literally what I mean I was I clean my
house a little bit but like organizing
it I guess but I just waited around for
this package and I'm expecting from
Versace and it was like 5:30
it's yeah like 5:30 and I had to get out
and do this car thing because it's like
weighing on my mind and then the nail
thing cuz I'm getting a straight hits
night man I tell you look how cute my
hair it's baked in Buffalo but here's
baked it goes with me Blackheart
I love getting new cars we're gonna do
somethin I used to get like literally
like three new car is like honey here
I love getting new cars I love my pink
car like I'll never get rid of it I love
my pink jeans like more than anything
like it's my that is 100 set my dream
car like I am so happy with it I just
would like a cool like little card like
tool around and and being honey no
because like no one's looking at me with
this basic ass black over that I'm
driving and I like the attention
obviously it's why I got a fucking pink
g-wagon but like I'd like you tension
when I like it I guess you know can't
the cake and eat it too my neighbor J
told me I looked like I lost weight
which was very exciting stirring and mac
and cheese today yes I know okay again
tomorrow's a new day and every day I'm
gonna have this mentality which is good
actually cuz usually get off the handle
and be like fuck it like what am I gonna
eat tomorrow I'm just gonna pick out
although I did oh my god chicken chicken
represents me so fucking good I don't
feel comfortable driving this car that
bar I really only feel comfortable
driving this car like literally like two
feet back to my house and to the nail
salon literally we're going to eat
this traffic is insane oh my god why
doesn't she play the rap song no Trish
parody ham mac and cheese and eggs bacon
this one at eggs making this morning in
the nine back in Jake's in Port
so it's hopping lice ever on my house I
just get fucking bored my neighbors like
you oh he lost it and he's never he
doesn't really like he's kind of he
doesn't really comment stuff like that
so I thought it was like kind of cool
and kind of nice
it would be so interesting with myself
I'm gonna try and do so I have a music
video shoot like two days it's like very
low-key music me when I say music city
I'm gonna have in my front with a camera
come and film me I think it's gonna be
really funny because these two songs I
have coming up flick and you feel in my
heart are like yes but because I wrote
them like a hundred percent myself I'm
like yeah let's not do a full-fledged
music video in case these songs suck
because here's the thing with songs they
could they could be a make like okay so
fat chicks were supposed to be a joke
and suck that's the number one song that
everybody including Shane including
everybody like tells me like fucking
love fat chicks and songs everything and
it was like it was meant to be stupid
and a joke and it ended up being like
amazing so these songs they wrote not
kind of in the same thing not like meant
to be a joke but like not meant to be
taken seriously as like people would
like these but you know maybe they well
but I'm not gonna take the chance and
like and do like a full fledge for fresh
music video because I just feel like
they are supposed to be silly and I
should keep it very low-key I don't want
also put the pressure on myself because
I have been putting so much pressure on
myself lately which is why I just just
shut off and just go to sleep like every
single day since I've been back from the
UK so I just put so much pressure and I
give so much anxiety before anything
actually happens I pick two days I said
Trish you were going to film these
videos like just do it
I'm gonna do it cuz why the fuck not
like I have I have an amazing platform
I'm always reminded of this I keep
getting reminded like the universe keeps
reminding me that I'm lucky that not
everybody is still being able to do
YouTube for a living and like I'm lucky
I'm working on other things besides
YouTube because YouTube could be going
down the shitter and while I love
YouTube and like I like I tweet and like
I Instagram and snapchat I don't make
money off those things but I do X I'd
like it also continued out with YouTube
um but I have other things coming up but
but like I said I do love YouTube and I
am still you know it is still my primary
source of income so therefore I keep
doing it but also I love it and like I
said I would do this regardless I just
have been driven by money lately which
Who am I
but I've never been driven by money ever
in life like even when I love money I
love making money and it's very fun but
I never driven by it like I'm never like
I have to do this to get I don't know
this I kind of liked a terminology
because things coming back so I think
it's a good thing though I think people
should be driving big money and people
are very money it grosses me out so much
like it's just money bro boy I thought
the cupholders are here what they I
don't
but anyhow
there's so many L places on the way home
I should just go to one of these ones I
never go to problem is because it is
after 5:00 like people are getting off
work I always schedule my things in the
middle of the day and I would have come
on the mill day I just thought my
package would be there in the mill today
ups does never comes as late so I'm just
I'm confused
he was this traffic is so gone stress
ballroom I got another car I would get a
second for CBS 2 Mercedes just call me -
Mercedes Trish you guys I lied I
actually had eggs bacon mac and cheese
and on it I had a really bad day today I
was so worried I was just like fuck it
I'm just gonna eat everything and then
my neighbors like oh okay she lost
weight like fuck oh I know what I can
get cheap labor I can get it next week
I'm going over to Playa del Rey which
was my old stomping grounds nice to live
over there for a meeting which sucks but
to me doesn't suck if I've got to drive
that far it as far as like my 40-minute
45-minute drive but there is a
chick-fil-a I could get all the way home
next week and I'll have something to
look forward to oh my god this traffic
you guys
what I'm gonna go because my face is
greasy I look just costing my hair I'm
getting fixed tomorrow anyways this is
the vlog I'll show you get anybody else
done I didn't shave my legs which I hate
not shaving my legs before pedicure I
think it's a fucking gross and I got a
shame at least when I get home so didn't
make sense to not shave them before but
things I didn't made sense I wouldn't be
trippin this way okay so clearly I got a
spray tan and I did get my nails done so
hard to see it's like black I keep
trying to get this like gunmetal like
chrome and it's never quite working out
it looks really cute on my toes cuz they
did she it was it was it it was a it was
an event yesterday at the nail salon I
really should have been blogging but you
know like towards the end of the day I
was tired and I was hungry I didn't get
actual dinner last night cuz I'm home
chick-fil-a today I decided but I was
getting hungry and annoyed and I want to
get home and how to get a spray tan
there was someone I was wanting to text
while I was getting my nails done that
like texted me as soon as I started
doing it and I was like fuck I really
would have texted him like there's a sky
like love text me with and I mean like
always around - oh hi everybody
I'm usually always around to text but
like I said I have many times I could
wanting to text him but this person was
taking forever because it was two ladies
but one technically couldn't do the
paddock here she did the pedicure
anyways long story short the person
ended up polishing gel both my toes and
my nails
it was awesome person doing the wax like
usually get it all done at once so it
like saves time and she had explained to
me that yes there was multiple people
that could do all that cuz I said oh I'm
the god of time plus they were closing
at 7:30 I didn't get out of there to
like 8:30 so I thought okay there
they're gonna want to get me out there
and have other people there really
wasn't anyone else so anyways then the
woman was telling me that there was
Chinese people if he said something to
me so on and then there's Chinese people
that came in and literally talked to me
the whole time but and it was like a
hair salon in there too and anyway so
she's like yeah the Chinese people a lot
and I was like oh yeah and she's like
yeah I don't take their money I won't do
their nails and I said why is that
because she's be enemies like with
racism against your own like I know I
know Vietnamese it's not Chinese but
it's the Asian community I was like are
you fucking you don't even like you
don't I mean anyways it was weird it's
caught me a car that shit I don't serve
Chinese people I was like okay and then
she was oh you shouldn't either but they
have money and I was like okay and she's
like talking about this and then she was
telling me like all rich Chinese people
that come over here and shop because
they have some we knockoffs in China
they come over here and shop and they
all get their money because the like
can't like take people's organs from
them like while they're still alive and
then those people actually end up dying
it was so bizarre and then she told me
she knew there was this guy that she
knew that like would go on dates with
girls like a really good-looking guy and
then like take their kidneys and he
would call them like half hour after he
leaves and say the cage of both of your
kidney he's like call nine one and then
of course they would die and then she's
like I just understand why they wouldn't
leave one kidney I was like where is
this going like I don't understand what
that means why wouldn't they leave one
kidney why would they take any kidneys
and shake yeah like don't go over there
and travel by herself and she's but he
can go in groups it's fine but okay so
so all of us can get our organs stolen
I don't know ma'am so that was a real
interesting I was just like why are you
telling me this stuff it was like so
creepy and then I just like always think
about returnees person selling organ now
that was what I took away from that so
anyways obviously I'm sure that's not
true
I'm sure there's a lot of Chinese people
who are dot organ stealers and the trust
oh yeah they take everything tides
kidneys and hearts and they sound to
rich people that get a kidney talking
about what am I ever talking about and
this was like late at night at 8:30 not
in a sketchy part but a part I wasn't
really familiar with and I'm like oh my
god are you going to take my organs
right now
she was Vietnamese oh no she wouldn't
have although I did ask her for her in
her home country if she if they do that
and she's like oh no sure well yeah some
people do like very nicely I think she's
an actual crazy person it's a better
angle of my picture my better angle my
bigger better picture of my nails
I vote you've given coming us Ganga and
I've been eating like literally like
shit
and honestly I think the moral of this
story is just eat when I was a 41 your
look a lot skinnier hoes that's what
I've been doing but you know I'm gonna
get scam this hair color that looks so
long I have my loan or c-class on the
front
that farm
so we freaking kill my hair as always
not gonna don't pick up my car at
Mercedes for the weekend has they didn't
have the part and they're not getting it
to next week I'm like I need my car back
business the lease is like fine because
it's like incognito but
gonna post me check blazes up the
chick-fil-a will meet me at home my
maids send an amazing job he set up I'm
sure you guys been shut up just having
these clothing racks for me left extra
money but if you can't don't worry and
he you set it up for me sounds awesome I
love my cleaners they're amazing there's
really been with me since like like my
peach I was like I love them so much
stuff anyways um I got my Targaryen
hoodie
I had her take pictures of me in it
because of my hair it's targaryen wand
I'm obsessed I was like where did you
get that nothing I'm just kidding it's
uh from thinking Keep Calm shouts want
to have so much cool Game of Thrones huh
because in love mushrooms we're
displaying this all the time
hi extra moolah I just feel like I'm
with this like piano just don't need any
makeup always always on
right the foundation on point all the
time
haha fuck you my Vegas area by the way
to sign no as I'm waiting room to move
the car for me
Dallas kill
back
he has a calculus I keep getting
comments on all these flip-flop on the
sandals I'm wearing today I'm obsessed
see doesn't that look much better on my
toes in my hand
they're like little funny monsters on my
feet so Q bring it back next week but
small victories I got a food weekend but
you guys exactly the same the first
children I loved I mean obviously this
is my stuff I was just wearing but like
with how clean my house is ah there's no
greater thing than like walking into
like just clean this everywhere I am so
obsessed ah I love having people come
clean they put my laundry away oh my
goodness gracious you guys yes this was
such a mess I really should do like a
before-and-after you guys would be like
shocked so clean if this room was like
real crazy then it he did it so good
like it had like so much trash and shit
obviously this is a whole other thing I
got a tackle but mmm let's go upstairs
and check mainly cuz I have to pee
ooh that's mine it's my post meet y'all
of course postmates problems up alright
let's go up the stairs and then my
favorite part is my better it smells so
good to us some other parts I smells
amazing oh it's that I don't know what
that is that cool thing but that's
pretty love love love it puffiness
closet the sword I've been working out
you guys haven't seen it yeah this was
all like just piled with clothes so it's
progress clean clean clean clean clean
oh it's literally like feather it's way
a time it's all perfect I'm gonna pee
and do it even show for you guys cuz I'm
gonna good mood today getting outside
will do that to you how cozy my room is
that night you is and the maids come
I don't you remember ordering this
blanket I swear to goodness it's like a
baby blanket I didn't know I don't
report during it
but it's here um look how cozy this is
my office for tonight I just got some
Adam and Eve at sex toys downstairs I
was really excited about that we're out
tonight but I have to edit vlogs and be
professional first but look how cute
right and run over here I'm putting a
night look I'm like at a little bitch
tonight it's cute I found these pajamas
while I was cleaning my closets you find
so much stuff when you're cleaning so
you don't ever have to shop again cuz
I'm so much shit but I'm looking I loved
Han legs I forgot how much I love
through my leg stand
I feel back and forth liking to be pale
and like need to be tan but right now we
are tan bitches and not we're sticking
to that but seriously guys how I'm still
lucky like the fact that this is my
office like I don't mind working 24/7 I
actually love it like it's Friday night
and I'm like so excited to get into this
footage and edit because I have to vlogs
and including this one of a main Channel
video I just want to get in this cozy
but right now actually I'm gonna get
some ice tea downstairs and then but
that's gonna be up for this vlog because
I gotta edit you oh I think it's a
suffice a sufficient amount of vlog for
you guys um yeah I'm gonna organize this
weekend I'm tomorrow Mona organized
Sunday is like my music video shoot and
I have a cool fun little like date night
planned um so you guys will come on with
that Monday I'm seeing my mom I have a
whole schedule stuff coming up so
definitely keep striving to this vlog
channel my main channel will also be
having videos that's going through a
thing right now just in the sense that
it has to get reviewed now for
advertisers so I'm usually unlisted
things so once it gets approved then I
post and then if it doesn't get approved
I say I just I just post anyways I don't
really make money but whatever is mad
that's was boring youtubers talk about
like YouTube shit like nobody cares you
guys are here to watch I'm here to
retain and that's what we shall do so
anyways goodnight everyone check me
shocked eonni moon of my life
Sun of my stars and here because these
four little fishies mmm
