you guys bring something I haven't done
in a while getting gas around car yes
there's low back into the car vlogs you
know it was your car walk so I can't
guess I really haven't vlogged in my car
my face is still puffy wise old I
honestly feel like I'm gaining weight by
tonight I'm like diet contemplating to
fall back to like not overthinking or
like over focusing on losing weight I
just I just need to get back in the gym
it does not think so much my face is
getting so fat it's so puffy
and they gained it first in my face well
not sure actually gained a lot in my
stomach oh I was kind of feeling sick
today like just feeling kind of not
great which is usually not how I was
feeling a diet so
I'm in trouble because my body disgusts
me
I am getting my period like I'm
literally on my period like two days ago
right now it's immaculate conception but
I just mean my life don't say to
yourself but hey this is water me right
those are doing so bad literally can't
see
definitely got this was like literally
coming up
wait there's like a pair some public
book
you know Ashley centers are great but
they do annoy me sometimes
$75 that's just a second side of the
time $25 look at that
just wash them the eyelashes get and
then actually start lash extensions are
dead
driving but it feels so good just
completely washed fish okay and they are
done I'm eyeless just gets or my eyes
get so red but they it looks so good so
much more fuller the redness and the
stinginess you just keep you post on
within an hour from you my eyes are just
really sensitive but oh my god they look
so much better I actually had a new girl
at this time her name was a because my
girl pick ups didn't come in today which
was fine and I should meet her she just
moved here from Montana shoes were
really really good as she really took
her time with it it's just like I wasn't
used to my eyes being closed for that
long so they're just red but I know I'm
like in an hour they look good i look
like a strung-out drug addict but like a
strung-out drug addict with great lashes
so I'm excited about them it looks so
good just love my lashes so anyway it's
now I'm deciding if I want to get food
or if I should just go home why not get
food I know I can played what my face
being fat but I'm still on got my period
I thought I was getting it in there I
wasn't
not to do not get one of you something
since I'm out about what
don't be here his bag
Kairi shirt what do i do guys do I go
home or do I get food I'm really close
to a PF Changs I really want to get food
this is why I can't diet
so why I should never die it cuz I just
always like so I think about food that I
can't have and I really want it as
opposed to when I'm not dieting you're
not really caring I was like you know
what I'll just help you today that's it
you know it's too much pressure on me
one writes a song today I had a really
good idea for a song last night and bad
and I wrote down notes about it kind of
really want to work on that say I was
talking to the girl in there Abbi I was
telling her about my job and shows what
a cool job and you know it is such a
cool job and I'm so lucky to do it I can
you take this like not more seriously I
just kind of like sometimes I get like
burned out like no trash you like well
cuz I don't tell what you should I
really truly love it and I love what I
do and people are right like I am lucky
that this is chicks so what are you like
what do you have to do or like who do
you report to unlike nobody I kind of
just live my life Thomas I haven't been
living my life I've been sleeping my
life away which makes terrible YouTube
content
because what do I want to do I'm not
starving but I'm hungry which is
actually good I was so sick yesterday
from like eating way too much
didn't mr. Maddock posix I would
honestly be sitting here being like
combatting myself what to do
it's noona
I'm so pale Joe am I getting sprayed iam
I need you to get everything maintenance
my hair is falling apart my spray tan
I'm not playing with my nails
please why me so bad and why suck
I'm so close to be of chang's which is
like this is really far the place I come
to is really far from my house like it
takes me an hour and this is the closest
PF Changs is here it's right near here
so it's like PF Changs like two minutes
from here I could go get some food
chains and we really have because I
haven't had it and so long it's like my
favorite meal ever or I could just stick
to this diet day too
why is this the hardest decisions in my
life why do I have no willpower like
people think I have look I probably
don't have a lot of the struggles a lot
of people do and I am lucky for that but
my internal struggles they face every
day is like honestly it's just it's just
awful like I just a like cripple myself
it's like one thing to have conflict or
struggle with like other people in your
life but what its internal and you can't
get away from that shit like you can
like remove yourself from other people
situation but when you can't get do you
don't I mean like I can't get away from
my own head that's the worst
alright guys I don't know I don't know
we'll figure it out together I'll give
you guys an update if you guys carried
this month I can't believe I've been
five minutes it's kinda like pondering
what to do my life you guys this is the
reason right here that I'll never be
moving wait god I'm love cheesecake so
or like for a minute
I have like really good food with me but
I really wanted a piece of cheesecake
you guys I have a my sweet tooth craving
is not normal like I crave chocolate
cookies and cheesecakes and donuts like
every single day oh we can't with the
valley how people live in this valley
the Chevrolet in front of me is past
I was leaving for this thing
the street parking is ridic here then
watch cheesecake
I'm literally have it to my side so like
every stoplight I stop out like I
grateful for but you have another piece
of cheesecake no bite of cheesecake
oh my god has been to her Boulevard
ma'am
Aaron Aaron showing compliments on my
Kirby oh I got to show you guys the
progress cuz I'm probably gonna go home
and like finish organizing closets my
progress my closet is amazing I wish I
would have taken like I'm one of those
people that I wish I always would take
before and afters of things but I'm like
oh it's not that impressive and like who
cares it's just like can't clothes off
the floor but oh my god if yours gonna
saw the before up my closet I've been
working it it's like right here look at
night it's like surge of energy and I
start cleaning my closet some like H
like midnight it's every single night
lately I'm so lazy all day I just lay
around eat food and then like at night
I'm like hey let's organize some it's
organized some closets of course it's a
green light just want one more bite of
cheesecake anyone else do this except me
I got blueberry it's healthy
I'm sweet so much
there was McDonald's right by my am i
launched my something almost went there
I was like you know what Josh just go
through McDonald's so what I did
and Matt me okay well it's like this
eating dessert it was just like such a
low we're gonna blow it up eating
dessert does not spoil my meal for me
everything how can you dessert first as
well as your meal
it doesn't having said that one save
half of it for after they love having
like sweet after because I can set him
fucking obsessed with sugar if anyone
knows a diet where you just eat as much
sugar as you're allowed you like let me
know or if there's a procedure I can get
where I can use as much sugar I would
love to have that done hundred hundred
one hundred percent
wow it's like cleared up now there was
like so much traffic back where I was
everybody there's one more red light
here I'm gonna have one more bite of
cheesecake
and that's to have the rest done
and
I don't know your cheesecake has made
out it's not cheese what is it
it's like
frenzy Oman
I was program
yep change doesn't on postmates sword
after you - a lot of you are like you
can just post me that shit no babe I'm
gonna have
fuckin Street backers tell me
because when people want a spot they
like back into the spot
start like fuck's up traffic it's just
this Ventura the other moves la my word
of advice don't fucking move near
Ventura Boulevard
it's so fucking crowded it's kind of
like Highland but ten times worse
because there's like a thousand more
shops and it's like a thousand miles
long and there's a street parking
everywhere and like stuff up the worst I
don't miss the Bali when I first started
to each if anything Arras Hollywood and
then I moved back for jobs for a little
bit in a big house and I loved in so but
when I was like doing YouTube full-time
I was like living in Sherman Oaks in
Encino was about the apartments I shared
with my sister my mom and it was just so
so brutal
a car pool and a seasonal depression
it's been hot here y'all this week I'm
getting back eyes into you schedule I am
getting out amongst people again I'm
like a trash like and like talking about
my YouTube and my job I'm like okay Josh
you have a good job don't fuck it up I
don't want to just like I literally like
letting everything go including myself
but I'm not gonna have to happen and
being out in the fresh air has forget
from that just assign not to you anymore
cheesecake doesn't I'm with my bright
put this lid on to she's nothing like I
got the lid on waiting for a red light
and put it on those are the struggles
you guys that I face
I have long-ass ride home too I just
wanna put on some music I've been
listening to this new
this new person I found called Aaron and
wine it's like a folk
I like folk music so Ronnie Cox is
playing or any cocksman love with Ronnie
Cox is an actor from the movie
deliverance
nobody said know what I'm talking about
and if you do I want to be your best
friend because you know Ronnie Cox
there's like literally nobody does and
I'm saying that like a snobby a movie
buff away oh you don't know Ronnie Cox
like he's not really that he wasn't ever
that known of an actor but I loved him
in deliverance and I loved his folk
music and so he's coming to California
so I was trying to get into like some
new folk music another fucking review
lately him and so I discovered this well
I thought it was a big in Assam band
it's a guy who's but he goes where the
station she fired and wine see him Amos
is really oh my god it's so good he just
had a new of them come out on the 25th
of August and it's so good and I don't
know I feel like it I feel like you guys
would like it but maybe not I mean
because it's not because my love poppy I
love not puppy this is singer really pop
music oh my god that's so smart that
shooting yourself poppy because saying
you know how I like poppy music not
thinking but that was so smart I like
pop music so how many most people
actually wouldn't like it but if you're
into like folk music and you're like
country like you do that country it's a
one step closer to country music but I
feel I can't stand country bitch if you
want to like it and folk musics like one
step even more country in than country
so
it's not a country but it's hard to
explain okay warmer by it and then I'm
putting this time
there's an attic right here close it's
done literally I have a food addiction
let's talk about this in the Big Brother
house to the psychologist at I talked to
me I'm like you know what like I really
do rely on foods like comfort me in like
a stressful situations happy situation
the sad situations I'm really bad at
diction mmm okay you're stupid I said
I'm gonna start following myself no
buggin right in the right lane on
Ventura Boulevard cuz everybody's
looking for fucking parking in the right
lane
my god of course this person speeds up
now
every road rage only in the valley
and I hear things
and then clean the rest my house and
then it worries
I'm allowed to organize but just kind of
overwhelming to me but you want it all
gets done
I'm like licking the cream trees and had
this embarrassing all right talk to you
soon
