hey guys so we're back on Atkins diet
but I'm determined not to post this
unless I actually complete like a week
of it so you may not see this vlog for a
week and if you are seeing this vlog
it's probably a good sign so stay tuned
for the end of this vlog but anyways I
just made it a bunch of target I have
another time so much target I need it I
sent out to post plays at the same time
two different targets because I ordered
twelve paper and paper towels which are
paper towels are actually there and
twelve paper is upstairs so then I got
like a bunch of just heavy stuff then
type divided it so people want to get
overwhelmed but anyway I'll just show
you guys what I got it's like boring
shit it's not that exciting but I I
don't know I haven't been blogging so I
don't know what to blog okay Pellegrino
Pellegrino these are like my favor
gonna get this out before that breaks
that's the back to you hava you guys
know I love I'm gonna be putting this
away as I would if you weren't oh me
right now stopped again you guys know I
love my you tens live so many plastic
forks I don't really have that many
spoons and knives and I thought I needed
some sports and knives for the Atkins I
am doing my eggs I got some more acting
friendly things in the next target thing
you guys are seen as I have but
the Jumbo Tampax tampons the periods
coming soon go through those flex cups
they actually sent me some and my sister
took them I love those hashtag not
swamps but I was obsessed those flat
reflects house reach academia and then
also some lemon oh boy because I love me
some flavored water so carry any liquid
you want like within a reason obviously
like not caramel like property no but
like I heard you can drink like a Diet
Coke I don't know prep you if I'm wrong
but I heard you had I actually have
state one back on my acne diet like
officially so I I'm not planning on it
but sometimes at night my cravings you
know get the best of me
so I think you may be like before a
woody device for a soda I don't know I
don't know the sort of thing is true
it's probably better if you don't drink
soda but if that is part of the diet of
the exercise which is hard as I've
learned then I would like to be done
that shit no I love a diet coke I'm
gonna try this for like a week I feel
like for a week I can really dedicate
myself to this I'm gonna be chillin
doing what I've shows cleaning my
apartment not doing much
so what it asks up that can and then yes
like ah like somewhere to drink oh of
course
so you can't blog and do tours the same
time so I'm not a true longer
I'm gonna dump this juice out because I
don't think you can have juice 27 parks
hat now expires forever I might as well
just dump it out by my juice love orange
juice but not for the time being
another Java and then I got baby shampoo
I got to because I have to wash my
makeup brushes today that would be real
exciting does one seek me wash my makeup
brushes I have to wash my makeup brushes
and there's no oil in this right
obviously not as gentle to eyes as pure
water I think I'm gonna wash my
eyelashes with this like I let the water
run over when I wash my face and when I
shampoo but I kind of like have to like
wash them sometimes hold please I keep
that on just so yeah
all right so he's coming with the next
installment of target goodies so we'll
see how that goes so not about his life
post mates you suck how many carbs this
is happening there's eight I heard this
is good for Atkins diet total carbs -
I'll shit wait total carbs servings per
container 25 that's a lot of carbs I
guess you can't eat this whole thing I
was like legit gonna eat this whole
thing today I don't know I was reading
online guys some people eat a hold piano
cool weather or a whole tub of it I have
really no chill I just got like
literally so boring I just have a bunch
of razors razor blades I like to have
two razor different razors and razor
blades like one for my downstairs one
for my upstairs but what's the new
packaging I'm living for dad literally
so boring oh my got these two present
I'm gonna call me an app Kenzie they're
really good watch I gained so much
weight from these one gram 37 carbs
that's a lot early so my cards I have
got trash bags
I'm actually like getting rid of a bunch
of a trash bag plus any trash bags for
my own little section pretending
something adults and I got dish soap
brittish's and body soap
but I picked up this body soap for me
I'm right at the danger I don't mind it
alright guys I'm gonna go film some HTML
videos cuz I'm slacking on that but
we'll be back there to talk I gotta
clean my house and stuff today but we'll
be back soon to talk don't worry it's so
to kick off my celebrate I guess it's
maybe more the work to celebrate the
fact that yeah I'm going to actually be
doing the second site for at least one
week like I'm gonna be some one week to
really like see the difference notice
the difference I decided to just do a
big trash yes it's funny I was extract
of it after I'm done eating um anyhow it
was just funny think shit I was
something like it was something serious
I call me right now I call her but um
yeah it costs me $100 for this meal so
clearly I won't meet in his everyday
although I could eat this every day but
because I really haven't eaten anything
like all day like you know what trash
like you're craving something good and
it's your first day and just the wind
it's literally telling us on the screen
so anyways I got steak and lobster and
that love maps inequities
my favorite parts of a steakhouse is the
fact that they have basically all all
the good sides like I got a potato's mac
and cheese and fun the bread mmm but you
know what I'm just gonna be good
oh my god so I got an 8-ounce flame
which looks so scrumptious oh my
goodness gracious
and then I got twin lobster tails which
also looks so scrumptious oh my gosh
this looks so good butter that out okay
how do I get these off oh they literally
just slid off oh gosh
to be honest to eat this every day I
would be in heaven lobster tail one they
look so succulent Oh lobster tail - mmm
I feel like you guys are filling high up
she'll put you down on something more
okay sometimes I feel like the lower
ankles are not better ankles for me but
then you can see what I'm eating reflect
the whole point of eating shows right
sponsored by masters it's getting but I
would love it if they did so this is aa
protein you can have melted butter on
the diet I checked and a lot of you guys
confirmed slob you guys can said hey I
lost weight on that diet you're not the
fit all that stuff so we'll see how this
works so I have my arrowhead blood room
this is the third time to me trying to
go on this diet for longer than 16 hours
so we should celebrate each victory
little by little as we gossip because
I'm these were a diet well car for me as
a strong head follow I don't like rules
I don't like structure they definitely
don't like restricting my food intake
I'm about training so well it's been
really hot here 106 degrees Fahrenheit
that's so cool um mmm
that's just so then I got meeting well I
should've got medium rare because it
sold something that was rare mmm I love
Lobster you guys lobster deal is one of
my all-time favorites and Mastro's is
the bomb when it comes to seafood they
have a seat blue flowers at $500
oh my
I forget how much is this moving my
favorite meal ever a steak and lobster
like would it be better with all the
fixings yeah but you almost get to focus
on home busy there's a tire mmm
I'm so spooky the story he doesn't
understand here in LA we need this rain
we love it when trains
which is way way to them just absolutely
scrumptious
spectacular mmm
there's no way butter can be on the
Atkins I feel like that's not a thing
but my research chef and I said it is
mmm
love it so much
at the end of the day if you need some
steak and lobster for dinner my wife is
going to Bower
mmm mmm I love it this is not close me
up soon it was so so satisfying you guys
don't even know okay
now it's kind of late like 6 o'clock at
night
so I'll do this all morning but I think
this could be success who love something
crazy happens tonight I can't foresee
anything crazy happening right
sleepwalking start eating food if not my
kitchen doesn't think this how may 31
we'll celebrate that victory tomorrow
though I'm kind of scared with myself so
I haven't weighed myself since then go
away you go
so the third this diet we know what I
feel and I sorry God I failed I coming
off of it for couple days here there so
we'll go back to my original assignment
was a set like 193 182 so we'll see what
I need you to for all purposes so I'm
gonna win myself in I mean yourself with
on this diet and see where mouth says
and we'll start with that 192 wait I
could have gained some which honestly
like I probably should have reread
myself but it wouldn't make read weighed
myself but it was often something
mentally I honestly felt that pregnant
five-pound you don't mean
because you're just thinking absolutely
gain weight over the years but I'm not
weigh myself and seeing it it's not as a
mental of a mind fuck you
but had someone ask me the white we're
gonna diet when summer's over it's like
I want to feel good naked you don't I
mean then there go through times right
do I look really good naked right now I
don't and that's it long you guys really
see me naked on a regular basis you know
mean yeah we're gonna be trying to tell
you coats and sweaters and jeans up why
can't I want to get smaller size jeans
no me I'm tired of holding my breath and
just about at the answer but
don't worry guys I'm gonna try and put
this whole vlog or week one app in then
and then also talk about it here and
there but no I think in now suppose I
think we wait and stuff like that cuz I
don't want that to be the focus of this
channel or my main channel
I think weight loss was really cool I
like some people on weight loss journeys
and I like that I don't my whole channel
yeah especially for those who like for
me my emotional youtubers who literally
just all they did was go on it's like
weight loss journey and that was so cool
but that's all our content wasn't I I
really didn't care it's not mean cuz I
know cause people don't care about mine
but I really didn't care about their
weight loss journey other phones video
content you know what I mean so look and
the same thing with me like does I'm
saying I don't want this to be all about
weight loss and dieting because some
people don't care some people can be
triggering for I would say it was
triggering for me like hearing about
other people's weight loss well it's a
such a good thing it's like I wasn't in
that mental state because I wasn't you
know what I mean
like watch someone just completely die
and do themself so that I wasn't there
but
there's also just me having a miserable
bitch if I'm miserable I need everyone
else to be miserable to let me a joke
but it is kind of true
it's hard for me to watch other people
diet and seed losing weight when I
myself haven't been able to ever do it
in my entire life you know I mean me
it's a struggle I mean has nothing to do
with body confidence or body positivity
you know I could always showed off my
body I like my body I'm naked all the
times when we're naked I love to be
naked but you want is really try you
know there's certain people who just
always love to bring up my weight and
everything I do my way always becomes
will she's fat she's gross I don't want
to see all her body hanging out it's
like if that's the only thing you're
gonna like stop before then bitch who's
you stop after I lose the weight Nami 15
all right mmm
I don't let this mill we over him and
self isn't done - gracious is Lobster
so yummy butter man there's a diet where
unique about our prisons for real we're
going to do this one day of this week
because if it's not for real like watch
we need like 20 pounds mmm
this is amazing hi guys
I'd like to move my lips top I'm really
hoping you're seeing this and Trish if
you're editing this a week later all the
other footage girl we did it if not we
suck
