I like way yeah right they understand
that
here don't even like take pictures it's
like no we're eating and we're we're
eating um you guys were at Malibu cafe
today and with what am I really good
actually put the fan here why does my be
is he watches my videos but can't be on
it I don't know why even though if you
watched my social media you'll know who
I'm with because he seemed so Stoops
about it but we are here he's the only
person to come with me to Malibu cafe
everyone come here forever
you guys know my 1 vlog when I came here
I tried to come here I cut tried to
drive on my own and now I was just like
I come with somebody and he came he was
so down I started the house gonna go we
have water bottle with our water and now
we're gonna go find food it's so pretty
guys like this person I talked about in
a video and I've ranted about and he
like is totally fine with me being on
college so anyway so we're I'm gonna go
eat is this so cute I'm so I'm so
obsessed with this I love it so now
we're gonna go find food and we're
hiking and we're sweating already I feel
like this is too much exercise for us
adorable right guys look at this amazing
because it's amazing food bruschetta
fried chicken mac and cheese you guys
look at this thank you it's amazing we
have rose aim
this is honestly my favorite non-date
day ever because this is like everything
we're like chillin with so much food and
we ordered so much for him and then
we're gonna go grocery shopping after
this okay so I got the fried chicken and
mashed potatoes
would you get fried chicken sandwich and
fries we got all this food you guys
you're so hungry I may be a little
substances there's a non-date date with
the same person I had a non-date date
with I just realized I said that last
long non-date date with that person yeah
I can't post it we just similarly just
hoppy guys like a cute this bridges it's
like a wedding bridge or something up
for like a wedding right now you guys
now we're on like a little walk we saw a
wedding we ate drank way too much I
drank way too much and now we're gonna
go to the boats we don't know if we can
fit in the boat but we're gonna try
there might be a weight limit oh hey
there they are you see it
we're gonna try on the bus if we made it
we're just kidding if we did your fat
piece of shit
first conference they're typically got
it is their weight limit
hey sure we both think we're a little
I'm 200 history 20 share I have cash
that Lake liver Lake love whoa whoa
plague Allah oh yes love Malibu Cafe so
yes we are getting on this boat
she said we were fine she looked at both
of our body she said we're fine
there is a rescue boat just in case it's
complimentary but they take tips to come
here we'll see how this goes
my friend asked me if I could up panel
don't know if that's gonna happen but we
shall try looking at us just killing
this workout we are athletic enthusiasts
this Labor Day and I'm going for a
weekend we're going to the majestic
waterfalls of Hawaii it is just being so
I thought I get my skirt killing the leg
workout today worked up on that chicken
and mac and cheese to get some more
pizza is that right that's right
literally I'm like just by myself I'm
just with another lonely writer who just
happened to show up by himself
I'm just pretending I'm with somebody
everyone thinks that anyways pretending
like there's someone there with her all
right let's go full-speed look at the
meal it work these legs we're doing it
we're gonna eat the bridge malibu cafe
here we come
huh could you imagine this looks
terrifying by the way I don't think
we're gonna fit on you here oh we're not
moving or suck better get ready I'm
trying
we're waving in we're coming in SOS
we're gonna I honestly feel awful I feel
like I just like died out there there's
this one's brilliant idea they go
underneath this bridge and I was like no
I can't help it I guess we went grocery
shopping this is my grocery shopping for
the week at Arby's I got cookie dough
I got drumsticks mint chocolate chip and
we wanted that fresh to shore no pizza
but they cannot have it so we're gonna
go order a pizza from somewhere else
good morning guys my house is so messy
so I'm just gonna edit yesterday's vlog
which you guys will be seeing today
probably um I had a really fun time
right here it looks like shit because
the night ended with me covered in pizza
sauce and it was kind of everything
moment I was like why do I beat the
sauce all over me but it was kind of
everything and I was crying I think so
not what I like I have shut my house if
you guys can tell is so messy like just
I'm looking everywhere behind me like
just so much Matthew a he's like it's
just I mean look it's just like
disgusting everywhere so I'm cleaning
and then tomorrow I'm starting again
Atkins so anyways before I start acting
they're making up my biscuits and let my
carbs my pasta so I'm gonna like carve
it up and I really really am gonna make
a solid attempt and effort at this
because tomorrow will be Monday and I'm
just gonna have to put out alcohol I
know I said that earlier and I wasn't
really gonna hang out alcohol with the
exception of yesterday but this week I
need to focus you guys and it made
really annoying that I keep saying this
is that I'm like I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna do it but like if I just had to
keep telling myself that and like each
day I can't like let it go like okay one
day off today's off okay a week off okay
I'm not our guy anymore like I have to
keep tying myself this cuz I really
really want to make it happen so anyways
I'm gonna eat these biscuits with a lot
of butter I'm obsessed with these
biscuits he's only dinner biscuits but
I'm working in the morning and that's
pretty much yeah there's not really
gonna be anything happening it's
something like crazy exciting happens
today I'll lock it but I'm gonna put
this as part of yesterday's vlog so
anyways I love you guys so much
Ashoke honey you are my son and my stars
and I see is my video here we could see
some runaway fishies mmm
