because I am so obsessed with this dryer
like I just out of the shower and I
rarely like just start blow drying my
hair like these extensions out y'all
that ones like it hanging on for dear
life do you see that is what kind of a
sentence I'm not gonna lie we were in a
pickle I don't think I ever talked about
this but before I left for and are y'all
saying this a TV show I did in England
like we were waiting for these really
nice extensions to come through and then
him the day after I had to leave so I'm
gonna get those put back in there like
the white because you guys a lot of guys
know I was going like platinum and then
I'll turn my back that yellow blonde
which it was annoying but but this blow
dryer I just got it in I got my sister
cause she really wanted one for her
birthday
laugh on her birthday but she just think
really what I want so I got it for her
birthday it wasn't like I was saying
like here's a blow dryer because like
nobody really wants one I was such a
really one of this one you can get a
Sephora I just realized there's like
another thing on here they're kind of
pricey but it doesn't like damage your
hair it's like you have my top here's
like a little frizzy but like it's not
as bad as I might and it doesn't feel
like you've been like through a wind
tunnel like I was just response but it's
not anybody's never see amazing it
because you couldn't bring like blow
dryers or flat irons into the Big
Brother house anyways and I was only
over there for like a couple days
beforehand so I was gonna get my hair
makeup done so I thought they're
bringing in like I'm obsessed he's
really cute too right you can just do
like
kokyo it's like so tiny and compact this
seems like such a sports thing right now
but it's not I'm just like really
excited and I'm really excited and we
can make videos like normal videos again
but you can't like so close to your hair
it just doesn't make it
I do it an inner mold
Brown references my sentence
long story short I'm story short about
the extension so the people for Salon
are so amazing like they literally just
came together and or some of them have
like some blonde extensions really one
home and got some blonde extensions I
mean obviously I paid for them too but
it was basically just not like a good
kind of hair we wanted so they're coming
up it happens what do you do you know so
as you can see all my makeup is still
and my like Celebrity Big Brother like
little they basically had to go through
this is like was such a bitch to do the
day before our chaperones at us had to
go through we had to mark everything we
had it they had to put black tape over
all the brands so there's literally
black tape on everything we're just kind
of obnoxious because I kind of like
having like labels and shit like know
where stuff is but yeah literally
everything that has to lack out it was a
bitch because I brought all this stuff
so even each like lipstick and stuff
they had a brand out the brand it's so
funny brand out the brand oh my god I'm
an idiot black out the brand so I got
them hungry what else is new oh my hair
still not completely dried but it's what
I'm working with
and I know my hair is always separated
before I Flatiron so natural Trish baby
we're just waiting for do that my new
email lifestyle that I'm having it's
like somewhere that's super hot
laughing misfit shit hey what's up
everyone
okay I'm back I got my food I still look
like the crazy breath I'm ready to
comment on today's vlog and they're
really eating the exact same thing I
know we're just probably hope broken
stuff that I love like well this is why
I love you too umm anyways I'm back on
Atkins diet okay so like if you saw the
two videos where I was like on and off
but that was in one day so basically if
it's like day two but it's like day one
again so I like started the guy in the
morning it was off it by night so I can
get through one day I'm already making
progress so I just don't get on and
talking again
wish I could drop some I think I don't
think it's all that I know some people
tell me this they're like we really want
to see the food you're eating like
that's just a terrible terrible angle
but at least you could see it more maybe
just okay yeah and bacon or water again
so if I make it through day one that's
good
I'll be better than what I did I have
faith in myself today that I can do it
because I have the chicken already in my
fridge ready to eat for later
know what I'm cutting out boys June I
was meeting boy last time I'm really
nervous right eight which is I'm not
usually what I do something up boys and
dating I'm wrong I'm just not try and
see people in general for like a week
but it's still hard for me not eat good
food like you go out to eat only have my
friends bottle up eating with people but
at least for a week ma'am all I can see
the results and I know who I'm doing is
working a confident myself you're the
thing in the past when I've lost weight
my long hair well I'm diet once a good
pass the first week I feel so good and I
start like just feeling normal to eat
like the stuff I eat of course it isn't
like does that make sense like ah once I
make seen progress and results that like
it's kind of like an addiction addiction
I guess I'm addicted to laughing but I
want to keep going I just gotta get this
inertia like white bounce off like damn
girl and now that I've weighed myself I
can physically see the progress you know
me I'm gonna do I buy this more gum I oh
I see myself as like the same way all
the time
what is not scary I also don't see
myself as like back but obviously a lot
older videos like this weight loss Mars
like 160 pounds and like obviously I'm
not that size anymore
I wouldn't think I'll be done oh yeah
right now they're just not my things I'm
sorry
the last version Watson brought it to
the inn I just can't but because I know
a lot of people who lost weight on the
actors my dad my mom my sister
hopefully me and you guys who knows like
I'm real happy but if you're not gonna
be on afterlife like why even do it
look I could change I may change to
Calgary restrictions later on I don't
know like you know I mean like eating
under something on calories but try out
my plan
and I really love meats and proteins I
mean no I'll get sick of it after walks
I do love carbs but I just need an
afternoon what's the major weight loss
turn again it's for myself and not for
anyone else like does it annoy me that
my weight is always the topic of
conversation and the issues with that
everyone has with me yes but it's also a
fact you mean internally which I would
say when something chest up after you
but do you want to change change I'm a
genetic surgery I'm gonna throw a weight
loss you know you'll see like you guys
know I just I'm a struggle struggle
dieter and stroking in there
mother's not enough bacon I've lost time
I'm so sad they gave me so much bigger
my something I was so happy about it a
lucky boy Humpty last time why I take a
bite of egg and I take a bite bake her
after like oh my god I can do a search
one thing I like combination and gather
my mouth
my goal today is trying to eat a little
more about the day so I don't get
starving I'm not gonna be anyone's name
so I don't get anxious I'm just trying
to clean my house well I'm gonna get
like no connections or like more fix on
my lip there's Oliver injections and
then you didn't try to organise my house
up in my life kind of focus on my house
and stuff for a while during my shift
ever heard I'm still not always on my
diet that's next week that's my goals
meet small goals need to focus on just a
couple things cleaning my house my dad
check okay so I'm literally in the
middle of unboxing like a bunch of Hot
Topic things I ordered but I'm like also
really focused on my chickens it's kind
of like two different persons dudes love
my new email look love it I'm gonna Punk
with this um so yeah I put this Trader
Joe's chicken in I always don't know how
long to cook these I don't want to
undercook them but I don't want to
overcook them
you just puncture a hole on the side
it's like so easy to make so I'm making
that cuz you know why not but don't
leave it in for a few minutes longer I
really want to wear all of this out
today be so croc how cool is all this
stuff
I feel like Sid Vicious from the Sex
Pistols I just got caught the tags off
everything I'm gonna feel so cool
wearing this today okay I don't know how
to work any of this stuff but I'm gonna
start with this belt because I've really
always wondered about like this my hands
up oh my god I think most definite don't
have guts
so I'm gonna be the first
don't think if you know with this
lifestyle but no Crompton doesn't fit
over team ten they're chillin so she
went like that that's cool right
remember there's no I feel like this
needs to actually be lower but if you're
right about high do you
Oh see my butt's too big to wear all
these and all hip things that's gonna
just look stupid I want to wear it like
this low but like I don't think that's
possible
oh yeah what's the second hoop even okay
cool I'm living my best email like right
now and then this hat I just can't
figure out how to wear this I do I want
to wear it just straight on I mean do I
just look like I work a hot topic though
I feel like this isn't like a little
much you have to kill hate today
oh my god I'm a fucking emo I'm like a
cute one I don't wanna look like a crazy
little like cartoon Evo oh we gonna how
freaking cool oh my god
Trish back in 2001 would be so happy
just like killing it with like the
coolest Styles ever first alright guys
now I'm having a chip um see if this
tastes any that I do time at I should
probably time chicken things so we have
an undercooked chicken it just felt like
it was done and my heart
mmm
so far so good don't you go just like
dick chickens anyone we cooked all the
way through ha welcome
I knew water so good I'm so all about
this breasts is like really good we
really pride myself for cooking mmm why
do I feel like anything else one about a
blonde with all my friends
it's that plot twist I don't have any
friends sitting here with myself
I thought enough and cruel joke on me
and Domino's Pizza came to my door it's
like ringing a doorbell I was like fuck
I did not order Domino's loser like did
hi guys like do it and didn't know I
just like blackboard so we're gonna face
that was the wrong apartment
I saw like six meter boxes and I would
not worry that much I'm so upset with my
look she got that gotta keep up with the
tire chain I have to go back back up
again I'm gonna be still mad at myself
as I am such a picky bitch why do you
like a lot of days
I'm just trying to eat more than I
normally would say well this early in
the day because I'm going like I said
give me lip injections so I said by the
way I'm just like literally just showing
how to good dive in normally not even
looking at my club I got more than
enough food to me but because it is a
shock to my system can I have carbs even
many carbs yesterday you know Omar's got
carbs it's a shock by dissing that's
what it is
so Jungian
I feel like my pale lifestyle truly goes
with most email lifestyle I'm living
no sugar just blonde girls what's up you
know I just hit my boss
hopefully that is not a car but after
shelf knowing like is it amazing Drake
pray that no but it is really bomb I get
a really good mic but I rather be
shopping a blueberry muffin in the mouth
what a motherfucking engine I mean
come on you out the alcohol that's what
floats me hard percent I'm not smiling
so blow time Big Brother everyone's like
Fisher you look back when you are fat
but they gave us so much alcohol every
single night and you guys know I'm a
lightweight anyway so you can have a few
drinks and I'm drunk when they kept
replenishing it and people kept like
wanting to refill I'm Liam I'm glad to
drink and keep up with everybody so I
was just drinking so much in that house
and I was so bloated which gave me a
huge complex and I saw myself I was like
ah so I didn't cut yeah well for like at
least a month even me went for a morning
I was like and he I was down but he's
like let's get drunk man just happy like
straight up like dude I'm on a strict
diet
I would hang out but I do love getting
drunk that's the that's the worst part
of it like that sounded so much fun
that's like fuck it it's just what first
day my diet like it's fine I can fuck it
up I start tomorrow but I can't keep
doing that well when I wake up I
literally feel so bad I cheat in damn it
why did I do that no I just needed a
Catholic the first few days in the first
week and I'm golden but
emily is not easy mm-hmm email close so
I should work converse or sure we're
fans with this outfit I got these new
like checkered vans that I'm really
proud of but I like really trendy and
cool with all the young kids and I
really want to wear them but then I'm
like in this whole outfit you're saying
like I'm trying so hard to stay young
which I'm not
well I've seen videos like turning
myself emo but like I want this
lifestyle like I want to live this
lifestyle no ma'am
I want the lifestyle but I want to be
good to me and I've seen some girls
where they put old bows in their hair
it's a trippy world out there young ask
these little mini move bongs these
lobsters like little mini move bongs
throughout cuz I'm like I'm gonna eat
move on back sign to watch a TV show or
chicken well you might as well eat with
you guys I'm sure it's not that exciting
for you guys either it's pretty fun
online
I got myself together a little bit today
not a lot but a little bit baby steps
bro good know how affiliate shows out
because I'm like eating salad like I
have some big pieces live I'm gonna stop
home
do she didn't like the sauce apron I was
like stoke I'm top stick seasoning
I think the carbs really like to carve
something I mean all right there I'll
finish my plumbing mine on topic deal
sounds really can't even mention it was
like that but he'll be good I'm half out
I was not like a little sugar but I'm
not why do cuz I'm on Atkins diet uh but
I'll scare about passing out just gonna
do anyways but I'm sure we'll be fine
right
yeah
you can say that for like a cheat day
one month from now
hmm you're just watching sparkles she
was getting her lip injections there are
so much fun I'm gonna dip dang how much
they would laughs Robert literally what
is that called like digging out the
shrimp what is that this place is so
funny oh my eyes so funny so much we're
going to dinner movie you guys know I'm
on a diet I think I failed my diet again
today because what we also ordered fries
oh yeah
my diet I've been on my diet like crew
days and I'm always failing it I don't
think I'm a very good dieter but okay
I'm next week up we've done and I'm
gonna interact we should a hike before
this so I would have felt better about
what I'm eating but Rohan do see West
Hollywood what was the aftermath well we
did our best we did pretty good with one
thing I of us right so it is fight night
I know just so I'm gene here I won at
the fight one here at the movie theater
I'm so excited to be back in a la tène
strip club scene 7-eleven scene hot guys
look and we're gonna go see you love and
lucky
it's 9:30 on Saturday off 9:30 crazy
huge t45 what we are here at the movies
he's looking at fossil food I'm eating
popcorn
we got individual popcorns because I
said it's awkward when we split
wait what cities are fashion who's got
the better tip I don't know yours are
pretty good competition though Oh
yours are like excited natural minor
natural - everything about me is natural
why aren't you eating your popcorn your
bed you know I'm gonna move oh that's a
smart vacation all right cuz we just ate
we eat a lot this is why I don't go out
with people because I just want to eat
when I'm around people I'm six for 210
pounds I know I need a lot to sustain my
and then I just have to matter to eat so
you don't feel bad oh I leave much - cuz
you're worried about my feelings I'm
worried about your feeling so sensitive
and so sweet thank you you're welcome
I tried my face looks so fat I don't
know Jax just a minute so if it gets
stolen
I have an app for it and I can find it
the car
so you can find it on the map
it'll locate it that's cool that's yeah
and then you can like set the alarm an
alarm is
and you needed yeah
this is so bizarre
even though josh is coming to a close
you guys remember how bad I wanted to
wear these Pink Floyd pajama it sat
before I left for the UK I never did
hear guys have said that read me until I
tell them in my pile that I really
wanted to wear them because I wanted to
feel put together when I went to bed
that I was matching I wash my hair today
once you're very proud of me and even if
you're not I'm proud of myself
I fed up my own butt email treasure this
lastly I think it was take these always
enough let me take them to close I just
have an addiction to clothes right
behind new clothes and I'm going to be
getting rid of a lot of clothes to maybe
purchase clothes just get it home this
is like the worst angle but whatever I
reading too much praise on
I could put a little meat on my face and
all something great I'm all hooked up
there
I feel good you fought tonight like yes
I fucked up on my diet but you guys know
what you don't undo I'm not gonna
mention anything I'm gonna eat you my
diet until it actually blocks like 10
pounds and then really look guys
actually lost some pounds like it on
that scale and I'm very glad I got on
that scale that day look guys it lost
some pounds something's working I don't
feel like terrible the stuff I ate like
I have popcorn but like the crab legs
like weren't terrible I didn't have
butter or anything
I would think eyelashes eyeliner such a
bitch took it off like cringing at the
top the bottom is you can hard to get
off when you have fake eyelashes on top
because my eyelashes just naturally go
down there and so it's kind of like
already in the crossfire it just does
not come off
the only sounds not gonna go well with
right extensions but fuck it you know
Nicaea like I have a good time tonight I
was having fun I wanted to eat some
popcorn - what you don't like what like
okay sue me I'm never at least it's not
you fucked up a diet that's been going
good for like a week and then I fuck it
up you know what I mean like right
problem you do and I do dry every
morning to like start a really gross but
I love James and you know he asked me
out and I was like you know what when I
considered go we didn't drink alcohol
which I felt good about credits I don't
really feel shitty only in the sense of
like it actually physically makes me
feel should be like Florida I got the
next morning and like really just
hungover I like depress and hungry so I
feel good that I didn't do that oh my
god this is like the tricky part is
getting the eyeliner off the top my lash
extensions are a lot of maintenance in a
lot of work but I do like the fact that
you kinda just like I got makeup on all
the time I've done your eyes it's
actually not bad to get them wet so when
you probably only okay contractions and
what might have such a girl so she
watches her every single day like you're
supposed to get them white otherwise
it's sort of like Whaley and shit like
you don't watch them they'll be like
gross and oily and they'll fall often so
I actually don't get scared I like
problem I also I get like then feels
like every couple weeks own say okay I
look a lot like there's a let's do who
knows how long how these were but like
Fordow like into it but like could I
have these for life probably not I would
need a break just like I do with my hair
extensions and I would need a break okay
I think that's probably good I'm gonna
be good tonight and I'll talk about
eyebrows waxed
cuz we went to the neons one our nails
done which is really fun a fact of my
toes but what else is new
I'm gonna bid you farewell
I got a pump is it and I'm gonna just go
online and do what I do social medial
look at comments or respond well why
need ever Nick that way brother face so
much excuse next video your kiss he's
little shoes tomorrow will I be able to
stay on the diet we'll find out hi guys
