I said how cute last eyelash extensions
coming through got my lashes done I feel
like a new person I love it J Ron I
think I'm here to see her she's
everything thank you hi oh look who's
here
the paparazzi can't even got me again I
see my lashes done if you're early
I couldn't see his eyes are closed
because I'd the glue missed it so there
would have been a very fun thing the
star lash extensions hi yeah so mean
Erin or each Jared are you jealous
oh she's the real deal
oh my god everyone loves her charlie one
thing about her she's written a I'm
really tall but because probably so sure
you just look very tough so it gives me
like yes people are no different he that
has to be shorter in person I did it's
true because it's our time we're meeting
thank you for saying that because
everyone says that I'm a giraffe
none it was like I'm so much taller than
Carl is he so short
no no no I've seen really tall girls and
you're not glad wish I was super tall so
we're going to Buffalo wildly I'm
starving we have yet you might long
together Carly but not you right now
Michel well we were supposed eat right
away it's been like an hours it's what
we were promised food so well you know
what it's like set like and actually
pies like that today as I go get this
everything so he's pitbull
I hate dogs and now I actually really
wanted aughh
what kind Pomeranian from Lisa
Vanderpump's yes yes we rented four of
them for a video and I'm like I want
this so bad yeah there's two competing
Johnny Depp's right now so scary oh my
god don't jump at the Starwood that's so
weird so do you eat a lot I'm so excited
yeah you do I'm starving too so you just
have a really good metabolism yeah I
guess so I better I'm dying putting
honey barbecue and fries and you got the
basket instead of a side of rice just a
true love right there and we had Jamba
Juice before we're really bad today no
we had Jamba Juice and they you think I
got the jumper so I don't want to eat
wings but here we are eating 12 and
fries and like I know what it is it's
quieter I've missed that whole place a
lot man Yeah right there nothing wrong
