okay guys I did something bad I was
proud of myself the first 16 hours sorry
this is like so gross fish in their
midday I was so proud of myself for the
first mmm it's like 6 o'clock for the
first like how many hours the days at 18
hours and then I went to go order some
chicken from Trader Joe's my diet they
brought me chicken which I was super
pumped right guys look at this right oh
oh
that's only one net carb that's good I
was only gonna drink these like an
emergency but I got all this chicken to
eat and cook you can see that wasn't
even anything right like I was so
excited I got like chicken fajitas and
then when I place the Trader Joe's order
I didn't realize I also want a Bud Light
but I also know what I wanted my light
would have a light okay so then I didn't
realize that in my cart was items that I
had put in there before I even left
including chicken taquitos which looks
so freakin good you kidding me
those are amazing and these mac and
cheese balls and I want to eat all them
like I think I have these I don't think
this is part of the Atkins diet so I
think I'm failing my diet on day one but
whatever man
I'm hungry and I want to drink how do
you even make this aver forgot how to
make these for 25 bake for 25
check in I'm a baby has transpired we
push these little nuggets back in
they're not I guess their mac and cheese
balls respect to the fried food
okay so I decided I'm gonna make it just
a little bit of pasta as well cuz why
not this is what happens when I feel
that diet so I quit a diet go all out so
I'm just gonna make a tiny bit of sketti
so you guys I'm hanging out this new guy
tonight I'm getting really nervous and
emotional and usually old Trish before
like a date would like starve herself
but me I'm like getting really anxious
and I don't want to do like I don't want
me that drunk gets here I want to like
be a little buzzed but not drunk so I'm
just like eating a little bit I'm eating
a lot I know this but just nervous y'all
he's like cute you know just a mess so
much this is transpiring today
I honestly just wish my post mates
didn't mess up the order because you
know what can't mess up the order it's
got me chicken for tomorrow I would have
felt really good and fine
I just want my fried mac and cheese
bites I miss my daddy
I'm watching Keane man but waiting for
that food to be done you know alright so
wearing fall out I know your root beer
I'm probably just end up having real
beer but I'm gonna try to hide myself
over appetizers done way to serve those
in the Big Brother house didn't have
food for a while so this is my feast hey
guys first bite is always the deepest
mmm but it are the busting snapper from
Trader Joe's oh but you knew since I'm
wood California
these are the boss thing in the whole
world whenever a day one of my dad's
room there's always tomorrow oh oh
hmm okay guys first course is done now
we're on to the bots step mmm
I just really love pasta I feel like
it's better than like ordering like
chicken fingers and stuff then like all
like the heavy alfredo pasta is it
chicken parm which I feel like it's just
pasta and sauce which is like do you
think she was like boring to some but I
really crave it mmm I feel like I'm
gonna regret eating this like after I'm
done eating this one who's all gone into
my belly but like while I'm eating this
I feel so like so happy like nothing
else in the world matters all anxiety is
gone like the world is better every day
that I'm about to put big hot steamy
forgoes pasta my mouth
it's open so I just ate to avoid
drinking and now it's getting closer to
the time I literally FaceTime him like
this as I am right now I said like hey
I'm happy to just chill and watch movies
but nothing more and I'm not getting
dressed up and I'm literally gonna be
wearing this and I'm looking hewitt so
if you want to hang out like this guy's
been pretty persistent to want to hang
out with me for a long time like hi six
months we've been talking like a really
long time and honestly hate meeting
people like face to face cuz I honestly
think I'm gonna like disappoint them so
I faced I remember this like this is my
face this is how I'm gonna chill like
I'm not putting that much effort into it
which could be a good thing because
sometimes I put so much fucking effort
and I get like hair makeup done for a
date and we were just gonna chill and
have a good time so that means I'm
drinking a lot not a lot just one or two
years unless it's expiring October 2017
I need to really drink these up blue
moons are so good so my favorite thing
to get when I go out to like breweries
or like restaurants I'm probably not on
the Atkins diet but okay tomorrow's a
new day right right
alright guys I put some makeup on my
face I still look really crazy
I think coral soon cuz I look or L crazy
friends and bond eyeliner Pacific Spears
can do that so can I at my skin is
looking insane but I have another
bloomer just cuz the Argan expire super
soon so I'm hopeful so this is a second
one I showed me in the pasta I want pop
but I already feel bloated blah so we're
gonna have more beer just one more and
that's it
I'll write the air it makes me feel good
I don't know what cynic I love so much
but it's just not a blue moon Josh takes
spots it's just like a light ear a taste
yummy and there I should be having
performed with it but I should be like
melding it by a liquid lipstick on and
this stuff is amazing date night with
your pants on cause hyaluronic now
