hey what's up you guys it's been a
minute since I've logged my eyelash just
looked crazy cuz I did just wash them
what is Miami just mess always um locked
in a minute so today I'm gonna actually
be leaving my house for the first time I
just wash this to shoot my eyebrows on
oh my god I make a mess um nice to
letter try a little bit
fluff these things out and you know it's
family at my house I'm gonna go look at
new places to live I always say I'm
moving I don't know if I ever am gonna
move I do I don't hate my place but it
feels like I need to make a change but a
big change I'm making it today no matter
what is diets I'm not gonna lie I want
to diet to lose weight but I also in a
diet to feel better so um so yeah that's
what I'm doing I'm gonna try the Atkins
diet
my mom and sister did a real time ago
and they both lost a bunch of weight
really fast and a lot of people are like
Trisha it's a crash diet you'll get it
all back my problem is I just need to
get this initially off because I
actually usually don't have problem
maintaining I have gained it recently
but that's other circumstances but
usually I don't probably retaining it I
can like 1908 no problem but now I just
have to get this like I just want to get
like literally like 80 200 pounds
because I'm about 200 pounds right now I
did order a scale there my way myself on
it also ordered breakfast of egg whites
bacon what should be coming so I'm gonna
just try if it's an Atkins basically
just putting out carbs so I'm gonna try
it you know see how it goes out so I'm
gonna just I know you're gonna restrict
calories on that diet but I'm gonna try
and restrict mine a little bit I'm gonna
go shopping get chickens and stuff like
that judge me if you want I don't even
care I'll just feel like I'm gonna be
honest because that's what that's all I
know how to do so anyways that's what's
happening today I am hot the air is on
but yeah I'm just gonna go look at
places I probably won't take like I
probably will take you guys were like
not looking at him because
what if I like the place and I get it
you don't even mean like I don't know
I'm hot anyways that is the update for
today I don't know I suck at vlogging I
just have been doing much and that's not
so see how she goes my stars
alright so we got the scale open this up
so wait watch your scale I just got like
a basic math one because I never buy
scales you guys can never do this I hate
the skills so much as it just says wait
for zero what does your ago that what
has happened just like this right now
I didn't know any of this okay I just
let it go for a minute to go back to
zero
okay you guys want to hear something
super embarrassing I already broken my
skill my next - wash claws are back
there yeah I've already broken this
skill just great I've been trying to
like get turned off and on and it just
is not working so I've acted second
scale because I was really fucking one
way myself with mating scales all day
long in my life alright so that's a
piece of trash scale from Weight
Watchers just a new bougie ball with a
blue light I'm so scared you guys I am
like so frigging scared it on this I'm
gonna guess I'm 200 I was 194 before I
left for England I hope I'm not over 200
I think I'm exactly 200 so let's see oh
okay
do I see that I'm 193 I was things man
change weight way to go
Hey what Edgard lost a pound what is
what this okay much a long time what the
fuck's wrong with these scales like that
does not want to weigh me then actually
makes me feel better because I honestly
it was like a fucking be like 2:05 come
on okay
here we go again this is it okay 192
that's my starting weight okay so I
don't think I wouldn't like to avoid
myself every day I'm gonna give myself
like a few days like four or five days
because I get really discouraged now I
used to I used to it when I used to
weigh myself acacia gee that's like I
was to be obsessive about waiting myself
was weird a long time ago not that
recent and like if I gained a pound
I would like freak out and like sabotage
everything am i starting cake and pizza
and I fuck everything so I'm not gonna
do it this time anyways umm yeah so
we'll see okay one egg white I know I
can't do that hope I am in a bit of a
hurry today so I was like showering it a
stuff around my house and how'd you guys
keep track of time cuz it actually to be
on the road at a certain time so much I
mean guys can see it all but it's not
that exciting but yeah
the actives you supposedly can eat as
much protein as you want so we'll see
watch out your nope gaining weight but I
like steak and chicken mmm I know some
got most of the days home I definitely
want to eat breakfast
I'm gonna go get my hormones and thyroid
check was talking about this the other
day and a lot people of hormone
imbalance thyroid problems and I always
thought them goes through that fabric
problems it was bullshit but I see a lot
like damage or thyroid trauma like binge
eating or any sort of eating disorders
there's just so much stuff and then then
your hormones being imbalance can affect
your moods and your swings and it's not
necessarily like a mental disorder you
all know I tried everything but I've
never had a more munch up on my thyroid
shop stone I love eating my bacon and
eggs mixed fast which stuff is really
good actually
and there's so much of it not so we
didn't get like a shot to boost your
metabolism don't you guys I do workout I
haven't been sitting back but more since
I was in England I mean I do wait Jenny
I'm not gonna be like huh
I don't know why I can't lose weight I
do eat shitty but even when I try like
diet it's always super hard for me but
anyway
I won't just wear this on I'm gonna try
and be like more presentable but they
want my money they want more money not
me now Game of Thrones this week dumb in
my whole week I've been in a weird weird
depression kind of state since I've been
back but I won't do any spoilers but it
was in Sigma shit I want to do spoilers
with you guys
Oh cuz I love it when I ask a good they
watch other life yeah and even like just
talk whatever even happen my scrambled
eggs a ship I would be better than this
to make believe Israel days
and
I just want to lose some weight you know
I'm so tired of that's the thing
everyone goes to you for me later you're
fat you're gross email a big brother bit
on the side this week even you guys I
left the show like two weeks ago this
week they still have this like lady on
there
and he asked what her favorite moment
was when she said my entrance and I
thought oh that's sweet attention
because my legs made her feel better
rockers and this is like a 70 year old
lady and I was like and they're like
laughing like it's not the only jokes
people to make about me there's my wait
it's so unoriginal okay please wait
oh yeah the picture drink I'm through
but that's fine that's that works okay
thanks host meet professor Laura I'm
really working out as well but the
appetite will they work even if you
don't work out which is the face I could
get lazy sometimes this moves out I'm so
happy because I love protein all right
okay we're gonna gain it all back when
you start eating regularly but I'm
confident that I can manage if I just
I've never been able to get that
initially off I just keep gaining a
little by little and go up and down
between like 170 and 120 all the time
I'm so tired of it
I'm so tired really he like gave me so
hot he lost weight or you should you
this suit but it's like like I wasn't
saying if people were to lose weight
lose weight but I'm not doing this for
people I do want to lose weight too
I was happy and confident I am happy and
confident my body I think I look good I
look at myself and I think I look good
yeah on TV I do I look very like another
cool but I'm calming and happy but and I
I don't know
you know I've tried everything else to
be happy insane a normal I just haven't
gone on like a real proper diet and a
long time so I'm gonna do it I mean yes
I don't eat before music but yes that's
not good either when I'm done I'm Ben
and this is really felling acting
I'm gonna go to our jobs and look for
some chicken and as you go carbs in it
I'm definitely I'm just away myself to
make sure it's like working I'm not
gaining a bunch of weight cuz I said
sometimes I do diets and I actually gain
weight on diet not by gaining muscle
weight like just being weight organize
my house that's much lighter you try to
get rid of a bunch of stuff moving
moving give me a fresh start
I will see you I just wanna be happy
live my life and not have weight be the
first thing people talk well our people
see you I feel like I haven't talked
about it
look I'm not a channel I talk about my
weight a lot I mean maybe people see me
as that way but I never tried be like
pushing my weight name happens on people
you make this a gym Luke bombs which
obviously I can't do for a while and I
was doing those and I was a little
depressed I was doing them
and when were subconsciously depressant
like I was like oh my god I'm gonna eat
my feelings today well I just had no
motivation and like you want and I'm
just like today as a way to say
Wednesday and I'm collected a treasure
you're gonna do a change that's it you
know I've been saying up for a broom I
thought last night with Shay as it
ordered a Frappuccino Napoleon all Irish
like the god be serious about this so
that ma'am will see you no alcohol
can you eat lobster hold on so ever
laughs Jonathan's Clell of steak lots of
kill shrimp the mic I had water I drink
more water I got one drink like a fish
no it was like six bottles a day and
this is just cheaper
I meant Louisiana diamond water in my
fridge for like guests and like if I
want to be bougie with making us but for
me I had works and tastes like plastic
it's really not best about whatever
alright guys that was a quickie
breakfast what
