so I am so fucked up with my sleepy eyes
it is oh really know what I'm reading oh
I agree I ah battery's dying kidding me
oh I'm still made too much today I'm
which is very just a quick shot of all
this luggage I have another luggage over
there but anyways my codename was Taco
Bell they call you Co names before the
show so everyone got like a fast food I
guess with their upload a video oh like
spotting so much breakouts everywhere
the stress it's been the first days
visit out of the house full day it was a
full day actually like went out to lunch
with the manager and just a really full
day I went to pick up magazines and
people told me how disappointed you were
in relieving the shell we'll get the
negatives in minute I ordered room
service
I have stock in Pringles or sufficient
prickles education s nope
like so starving it's like hungry our
chicken fat burger which is basically
what is that
I was looking up club Simeon so every
big brother governor says bitch I'm stop
looking because one I got the angle
blemish Oh
cameras were everywhere the angle on
show I watched myself on some big
Resnick's I wanted to do a reaction
video as my final episode about why not
I didn't go back and watch any gold
chest gets so hard to get out I didn't
go back and watch any the old episode
says why hmm that's fun so I don't to
put you guys I hear but it's going to
work
maybe no see I want to go out to explore
London tomorrow that's a great angle
Trish right angle there
come on clip the key hand Paolo's I
can't even not go there sure it's like
very anticlimactic once you're there
because we're going to go meet the Queen
but I see it it's duck I'm gonna go
shopping for like regular hose like and
souvenirs and if you want my family's no
Chinese lady because this is like
infinitely coffee
configure believe that and goes badly
transloading 1:00 a.m. and my way but
you know snap yeah
flashing amber is this vision fingers on
a bun we gotta sing at the standard zone
which is a Prix in the hotel and then um
you guys picked up some rag mags that I
was and this one was really interesting
I saw myself on the cover of them are
you show this in the main Channel video
three mush picked up this is on before
the show you there's a lot that I was on
my mind just to give me so obviously if
I get those little straight legs then
it's cool like it's just never in big
things that folks I like that to say
whatever they want but at the end of
them and these amazing is not a big deal
to me at one I wasn't absolutely once
back home that was so random and was not
planned an entire front here did not
plan paparazzi pics I don't know so
we're actually talking about Gymkhana
houses in this magazine he's making
things are a lot different than the US
will say that all of this once I've seen
can use my left should pass and I was
not a cool I mean are they like doing a
feature of me I have a cold and I'm kind
of this all Roger Bart down there which
is I love that he loves that he's in
there sorry you're forever associated
with me now that your friends through
your video but you're still there
instead she's proving to be one of the
most controversial
cvv2 justice ever and judging by passing
today you go to the house and not to
myself it's controversial oh I miss you
too but I literally just say what I feel
I don't think I'm a Thunderbird anyways
they have my surgery then my book promo
the be Eminem America's Got Talent and
Roger Bart my name all my precious by
the way put in here he'll Roger Bart
Donny Osmond John Malkovich two by four
from full house who I lost every two
miles are weird as if you asked us to a
month ago who drew Shwetha was would
have struggled to give you an answer but
now we can barely remember life before
her ever since she walked into the CV
Das Boot include to our TV screens dying
to find out what she'll say next
here we reveal everything you know
welcome best club you guys isn't school
to me I don't know I'm in print I walk
down the street I see myself on these
covers of these magazines and just
remember these were before so I was
evicted or not affected I walked out
that is that was a faux pas I walked out
one Friday and so these were like from a
couple days so even so I don't even know
Mauro what's going to come about in
Monday but you know like everything
it'll die down because news is news good
and bad yoga things will go away
eventually but that things will mean
what they don't flourish shop over here
that's a thing and I know what I kind of
don't mind it I like that they put it's
a hundred percent this is natural like
no airbrush and I like that
this is like an interview
anyways yeah I guess these are just
questions but I don't know The Daily
Star won the escort thing I don't I was
we were there like freaking out but now
I was it's cool it's cool to be in it
you know what I mean like like
everything everything's experience now I
can say I was in rag mags and I was a
tabloid star for you know a couple weeks
oh cool all right
inner self Azhar I'm sure this is when
it gets here I'm going keep watching
myself
I'm just watching like Trisha Paytas
crying on Big Brother for three minutes
straight Trisha Paytas working every 100
pros for industry I wish no one knows in
the house that we've been a lot more
interesting being egged on like this no
pun intended as I'm watching the
champagne Shawn which is basically I
think an egg in my head what a world one
this is okay guys we've here part stay
in hotels are the rooms are see what
this looks like I haven't seen Oh almost
kind of good so funny these chicken
burgers are allergic she can finger the
chicken fried chicken breasts in the
ones are so weird I just take out
another little chicken chips
this is the same exact good ate on the
mouflon all right yeah those are
jubilant but it's like now 2:00 a.m. I'm
eating fries and chicken which is just
busting everywhere and that's a knife
right on
there's no time I wish you guys were
here with me enjoying food lemon burning
alone I'm you're bonkers angle mm maybe
shy really good otherwise literature
triggers absolute level world champion
light bulb all right good morning guys
to say I am still might one day one I
need to go shopping for nickel Tunica
type like method clean myself like that
first Big Brother house I mean I'm in
London
I'm on the rage behind Buckingham Palace
that was right efficient I've explored
London a little scared music signal
Brown tell a much less country I am NOT
cubicles often seems to be happening of
an historic
straight down to the various custom
palette I don't have it over apps I
don't have to pose me I don't have to
tip anyone I'm just throwing money at
factory tire shopping today get some
clothes and features being get get some
chocolate skip them booth I'm going to
find a Nando's that is full today so
what's happening over here just
wonderful yeah alone there's still make
up now right words what just really cool
here but beautiful that he would live in
times around ate too much of course
Sunday there was a blue marathon going
on been walking for quite some time
ballet bar on Buckingham Palace I think
is at Buckingham Palace would be super
awkward if it wasn't if it didn't like
cars outside
jeong-seon
and that's your half as I have because
all roads are closed so posting pictures
in front of it the Queen will appear
isn't so he can pass or am I just
smashing it it looks huge I'm assuming
everything in London is so grand and
ancient war where she's not warren
fletcher with does Antony so where's the
bar
I don't want me an idiot be like looking
around like a witch or yes
I just don't think this is that I don't
think so every conviction of it so maybe
figure out what this is and I can't bite
anyone feel so alone
exactly look lost another time who's
asked are you lost
then again who would do that I want to
do that in Hollywood
we assign like officially hearing people
auditory tourists person organ Hollywood
this is that passed out card I help you
try oratory this is like a free from
that was the episode of Buckingham pass
and admire it pretty if I can't cancel
hair
there's Ruby in Buckingham Palace or so
I think we're still have yet to confirm
this is Buckingham Palace it is okay
sorry I don't know sorry thank you mind
if you take a picture real quick I have
no one with me thank you so much I just
can't find anyone thank you for awkward
I don't know if I was still me I think I
was just talking about each other
looking and pepper I don't know I'm like
an idiot yeah yeah as an assassin when I
find someone that knows me I was like
literally just standing around like
Felix will someone know me I really
wanted a picture like I took a few
outside Tim he's cute - forum but can't
be any music people talk dirty let's ask
this is this famous thing security
people what this landmark is because
using a reserved meteor just in case the
fucking statement but actually
remembering hi excuse me have a question
what is that oh you know yeah you're not
I'm sorry I've no idea where I'm walking
I'm literally just watching
another Street I think any type place
that would have a taxi yeah yeah I just
already loves and trying to figure out
where I'm going I'm doing a taxi when I
get to a taxi place I know that you got
overlaid on that zone that's what that's
why it's taking so long
outside there okay also another question
we're like the guards of the Buckingham
Palace it okay to take the race shit
okay whole thing nice to meet ya person
one day I come to fucking College
there's no champion part of the races
that's right
alright you know what I'm gonna do what
I know what I do best which is shopping
and eating
okay it does not look like an exit no
one is watching this right I go away
from the crowds and I get lot it's very
icon that type of services like gift
shop junior guard
staying marathon bottom away perhaps so
she'll come back but if not I didn't say
five
all right there's about 2,000
and not much of a compliment Selfridges
I was going to do a perfect one but
makes a lot of was there an different
substances before and I'm also notice l4
case which is like two different being
fifteen statement Selfridges is like
this I've heard was cheaper we want to
see and then I have knowledge is how to
practice avenues for the Russia I do
want to go here is although Burma go
stuffy you're not going to like it but
just atmosphere it and the shopper and
of course an eater about Miss candy and
commandos to the whole way okay let's
get out of my heart wall and goodbye you
should travel in Memphis question meant
big brother it's a little overwhelming
sometimes especially where you see
videos from the show compared you quit
and they're just really a little like
this having a little angry I understand
commonest elevators in their life
necessary haters with the Super Ghouls
don't like your life like why would you
quit let's lift up and
some before 1901 and all the stuff that
it doesn't be a little anxiety to leave
a hotel on circumstances I don't really
have much to do today
tomorrow yeah
we'll be a successful director Norma
epic will learn enough locks up today
a sharp water towards the t-shirt I love
this lecture blessed
can't try to be low-key today
today okay Erica
capsicum you chopstick in stocks
necessity
and to where completion
lovely thing on my face and it's coming
father requir and makeup Jay
one lap I don't know some office before
the reasoning of Selfridges not in this
cell search everything is really looser
here myself
second
five
how pretty they are Farah velvet
milkshake so pretty or that people on
strawberry cupcake
I need this little burgers I'm going to
go
so I got the coverage of motion to
actually get a couple inputted emoticons
I asked you
I'll change
you know
I'm going to recommend
packing up smoking
like we share iconic important came here
so no
having a little bit of a some time with
people telling me in touch the face
as to the state
I danced no doorman here like a few
quarters remember
vinegar shop it wouldn't go back I'm
disappointing everyone and I did feel
really bad heared in real life
even here
that call me what I do
yup
leave it to the sausages one come here
fast food but I read let's keep walking
order a lot of size and lost chicken
that's worth it Albany friends again we
shall stand like nothing fried or
breaded
that's a nice people a second a weird
show people will minimize a brother some
people know easily do that big brother
brother is the real bit weird but tired
and race it's a mix of oh my god like I
love you too sometimes I Drive house or
slicing onto the points like how can we
do it with pasta because if you eat with
me any government made you watch it some
classes I didn't get any closer a which
ever they wanted Nando's right on street
from where I was staying
yes you get it working all by Oh
I just love me some mouthing yeah I'm
with tennis I love the name and Tanya
Tanya and they don't have a channel but
they're like coming in the blog about
sex and about blogging they met me who I
was in awe I love them these are this
week when they met I was thinking if
they're so nice to me she would even say
sure I'm glad you're out of the house
tonight saying like I'm glad you're not
in there because of the baddest houses I
thank you for thank you for condoning
but yeah yeah medicine I see girls will
be in it yeah Roberto sweet
I'm going to Sonic are you American no
uncle by studying oh you got an American
breath I can hack it oh yeah oh yeah
yeah I'm going on those oh yes I never
been it's my first time don't know
either now no she always do they like
maybe was everything with you oh yeah
hey guys I am going to bed
I hope this vlog was - I'm sad
depressing up the okay I'm having just
hard time I really bought social anxiety
as is and it just gives me a lot of it I
go out but tomorrow's a new day and I
thank God for new beginnings every
single day when PJ is a chance to start
anew and start fresh and that's what I'm
going to do so one more day in the UK
and I go home
it has been a journey and that long
plane ride home was not going to be fun
but it is what it is I hope to be back
here soon and see what tomorrow has in
store never know all my life every day I
wake up I just pray to God give me the
strength
give me the guidance and I'll be okay
and I'm going so much check Michelle
kyani you have my son and my stars
nearby kisses Chris she's like
