good morning good morning
London town de su and suddently touch me
we have my hotel before all the
servicing about absolutely gorgeous the
an upper lead to a sort of photo shoot
waiting for the intros of Big Brother so
we're doing this like how around this I
don't know I keep waiting for the other
shoe to drop like actually maybe peg we
don't want you I feel more real avoid
washing some fatty waiting to serve our
managers Molly and Craig are checking
out and my packing up the car so I'm
just going like a home vacation I get to
be like VIP like a couple days oh very
exciting three okay great too warm look
into the camera
is it perfect
so does
this is
I know it's good helpful keep going
double bit yes well okay and when you
ready turn welcome population is running
for yeah yeah just like something yeah
okay okay
no really three three one third
you are so full of it no no honestly
don't take a lot I know I like I like it
throw the head but one man wait no we're
doing it okay
now you're building whose mouth is that
it is yeah but keep the focus on the
level three yeah yeah I just can't focus
okay good Hey right now yes what have
you ready
I thought as we can't fucking laughing
so whenever yeah when you're ready
can I so good okay down the line or like
tender just thought you did
but and now we're just going to do a
hold of your places behind and green
screen max intend to great for everyone
happy of the time coach great to come
help do that happy yes hey hey hi
yes sorry I probably better hi I'm Jimmy
and I am best known for making YouTube
nation with over 1 million views so some
awareness okay
hi I'm Janice and I am an internet
sensation with over 1 billion views
well I'm trying to laugh about boys
you're being quite cute I love fucking
my body modification and liposuction fat
transfer implants let some arms I've got
a skull painful sulking melting fat I
talk a lot about I love it list Botox
stay here there's not one real part
about my body I love it
how do you think rich people see you
i British people see me as this a wall
of fun and everything that's awesome in
this world I think I'd like a cool
American I'm not like that I'm not just
American I'm like a fun one
like all I want to be your friend well I
was being a friend mmm
one more this is that now I feel like
I'll be okay because I'm okay just
finish I hate
no one I'm glad to know there any other
good schools
I feel like I'm trying not to get on my
taste buds I'm just doing it on my teeth
and
Oh
I'm a greasy okay so I'm like waking up
right now I'm not looking up it it was
1:30 on my computer but that's American
time it is 9:30 at night so I went to
bed like Klara's ago and I would kind of
tickle weird to be said I'm going to
back to bed I just ordered a well quote
unquote midnight snack to edit to
editing my videos I'm trying to edit on
my blog and my announcement video and I
have a MOOC bot and I'm going to try and
schedule them because we're going to
hiding like the day after tomorrow I'm
just trying to tomorrow I'm gonna vlog
and I'm gonna try to edit that at the
end of this bulb so I'm doing my life
slept with his brother vlog right now
I'm trying to edit today's footage then
I'll just have I don't know why I'm Ren
tomorrow and tomorrow like midday
because lots to do but I got the
Domino's Pizza here in the UK i Pizza
sounds really good
this will lose my ever more day of
antibiotics and I have to get with food
so fuck you know what let's get some
pizza last at it let's do old school old
schools to LA cherish style let's try
this pika I had my pounds oh oh looks so
different
look you darken here - uh-huh
I mean what piece look piece of piece
this looks so different than American
Omelas actually I mean I know it's like
dominoes but
mmm that's really better to my face is
really different tasting action it's
good it's different I don't know is
there about it I will say even Domino's
americo's days different let me tell you
this triangle piece out quiz
I don't the tip of this we can make it
press let me try to part
so China tip roll luck I just have like
less sauce or something let's go them
turns up in my face cuz in the Big
Brother house I'm not gonna be able to
order food I'm kind of get it all in
there I'm rude though cuz I can I get it
on my app over you guys in my office
calm and like we need a UK phone number
and I don't have one I just used the
hotel phone number someone or whatever
about today was so much fun we had
shooting that stuff was so much fun is
it editing this footage I'm so excited
like how cool this by show you guys are
ready well obviously you guys will see
whooping Christmas is probably gonna be
the bloggers in how cool is that printed
a selfie big brother I this is like so
real now it still doesn't feel real but
applied to put some my own music over it
and I was like dancing to Brittany but
it's so fun all the different set up
there's like a so cute like yes but
that's one pseudo off this stuff was so
cute but that was everything alright
guys I'm going to edit I gotta get up
early tomorrow go get some breakfast to
me we're going to go to a couple shops
and we're trying more like a Sephora do
dashboard new trim on the video like a
makeup shop
definitely need to pick up some
eyelashes my eyes are dropping like
flies your eyes I don't know if it's
going to rock on my lap but just in case
I just like an impact makeup wipes turn
an morning I'm going to shoot in the
afternoon and I'm being a friend for
dinner I don't think in reveals a blog
with my friend because I'm going to edit
this vlog before he gets here and then
the next day I'm in hiding is oh maybe
some run run errands with the mean and
then I'll edit you and then you'll see
me on the show to analyze leverage with
brother you can you'll see this one
already in the house so please flatten
help keep you safe isn't for eviction
y'all now
I don't even know what to expect -
nervous that's kind of weird to tell
myself to tell you guys Trisha from the
past outside the Big Brother house hope
I'm doing good tell me how I'm doing
alright
it wasn't really how amazing this
elevator is I lost it - Paula's so cool
we are walking in Oxford Street Oxford
Street
I am with Molly we're trying to bite my
life and I got a bunch of what is this
called Kit Kat - much like English like
stuff that's very fun she's showing me I
look like literally like a movie is so
freaking cool
I have any let snapchat anything because
it's all secretive until you guys see
this but it's so cool it's so British
Molly's so British my love here's what
how cute these cards are
I'm dying
is there one with light we're going to
try and catch a cab oh so exciting oh
yeah I gotta get in here look how pretty
London is at nighttime
so it is my final night in London town
before I answer Celebrity Big Brother so
because I'm watching oh hi hello we
loved in there England at Frankie
embedding in the Sylvian fissure is a
massive lightweight channel drink
Americans cannot drink I cannot drink
Alan with my babies that are on a
reality started in America called who
wants to be a superhero you're
babysitting
you're not babysit that was your
bullshit you were our baby
no you weren't you're a babies that are
you you got us food anyway it's cool and
look now you're my gopher could just
carry my shoe eggs daddy's gonna be like
a pencil you guys it's Lunden our last
night my last night if you guys are you
gonna vote for me
I'm only gonna vote yeah are you still
filming hey hey what am i I'm not sure
my mom will so you guys you do if you
won you K I'm going in Celebrity Big
Brother I love you guys I'll see you
when I see you
