John sighs well at bar mean ATM fries
Celsius always lucky
apologies for the late flight delayed on
our arrival time p.m. Tito find out
through traffic can be hell that time is
spent on Jesus so every here safe and
sound
the jet is being connected and we'll
have you disembarking and their next
couple of moments your flight number for
their baggage belt the B ain't it
on behalf of class implied pokeman
myself and Alex thank you for choosing
fresh Airways the mayor to see you all
again in that not-too-distant
that was the biggest airport ever been
in so cool I got through customs
I'm going in the car now see the hotel
birth no time for jokes
and look the driver's wheels on the
wrong side and I love it I'm so excited
sorry
put your closer shot already I'm not
even at the airport I'm like nervous
thank you so much yes
Oh mija this is usually the driver's
side I may be so fucking nervous excited
we were in customs
hey Brad we're doing the most I'm so
excited
oh my gosh so we're honor seconds this
is my third last whatever is that
you don't like girls I didn't ease with
like music no I love girls like it's
right after girlfriend letter literally
a girl girl
but what I'm throws in real life but
like watch my videos not like we're
always seen quite a friend and we're all
like pathetic soul
you can't cheese and so much
oh yeah fries well thank you I'm so
sorry Matt I really am I hope I can play
like in hot water every day
I'm scared but like watch it if you're
the you
this is my hotel room just went out for
an amazing dinner
look how romantic this is romantic come
in naked so I'm trying to find make sure
I'm yours I click the light a candle for
you but it's a little scary okay guys I
am going to a bed even though I just got
in like five hours ago I'm still really
tired which is good cause it's like
nighttime here and I'm tired so it's
good like if I get some more sleep I
slept on the whole plane ride over it's
also really cold in here I can't find
the expedition yeah but a Stephen
meeting or meeting such a good dinner
meaning my manager is and Rosie who's
super cool she's actually a subscriber
and super cool and awesome she literally
knows everything about me a lot of times
like other watch your videos whatever
and like don't know that much but like
she knew everything about me I love her
so much
and she is the reason why I'm over here
in the UK and that I met my management
team and stuff like that which was like
really cool it's like crazy so anyways I
am super excited for tomorrow we're
gonna do some photo shoots for some
pretty big brother' which I don't know
if I really said because it seems we're
gonna talk about but this will be up
after I'm already in the house that's my
whatsapp so um but yeah I'm so crazy
I've been such a fan forever it's very
so weird so if you guys are in the UK
it's on channel 5 if you're not in the
UK I can watch it on YouTube I'm gonna
miss you guys it's we're just gonna be
my last vlog like it seems weird
permanent like it's not setting in
because I'm vlogging in the next few
days while I'm here so it just seems
like it just seems like oh okay it's
okay I'm gonna call you tomorrow but it
is weird she like not going to be
posting on this channel but I hope you
guys understand that like obviously this
is like a really cool opportunity for me
so even though it meant not posting on
my youtube channel like I was really
excited to like it to be in this show
that I've watched you guys watch me back
in the day like me and Shane talked
about like watching this show like I
love the show I can't believe me to be
on it it's gonna be so crazy so
hopefully I'll do good hopefully I'm not
gonna be like shy sometimes are gonna
really shy around new people so we'll
see how it goes but a lot of you guys
already know anyways I feel really
not being able to answer right I really
can't say anything until I'm you know
the health the premier of them in the
house so I'm sorry that I couldn't say
anything but a lot of guys guests and
it's been out there so anyways let me
see this you'll uh you'll see I'm on the
show but it's kind of cool like the
follow up the not the follow up to build
up to going into the house I'm excited
all right guys
good night London it was amazing it was
beautiful I got to go to the West End
we're gonna see a show after the show
we're gonna see a show at the West and
I'm like I just want to go there
we're get chocolates so I gotta get some
Maltesers before Michael in the house I
have to try them anyways I love you guys
I'll see you guys in the morning
