my husband spoke a lot good morning like
any like dinner sleeping at all I was
just tossing and turning I woke up in my
hair was like racing so fast otherwise
anxious sting City so today is my final
day of getting stuff done before I leave
a little bit so actually going to Urgent
Care this morning because my throat
feels a little off and my problems with
it I just want to make sure it's okay
like it won't come place to love it
again or make you feel David makes one
I'm just a little nervous about it I
feel fine dig deep and maybe it's my
husband like I just want to go make sure
everything's there
I'm about to kill like I know there's
something like a little like a little
bear bit
I just want to make everything clear
clear and as much time take care of
myself with eating and exercising and
not sleeping enough so many weeks
pouches and understorms
they can be my sentence I felt finally
having the heart mad hot papers in like
since Jenny right
it wasn't breaking out to stress and
then I'm going to gable time on Botox
prepares or wrinkles coming back and
then punch of location and then come
home and pack director and a dent at it
um so yeah I'm doing today please don't
get a little hairs around control
question it's kind of cool to have these
eyelashes like you little bit of
difference this time weird happen I'm
socially organized sex so we're I don't
wash my face more using science so so
far so good
then we are back she won't be more
urgent care Raj is like the girls I've
claw dresses right maybe today I'm a
little bit maybe I don't know I just
little them but I feel like it could be
going on I kind of just want something
just in case I think it's okay I think
if I if I didn't need to come here but
judge is like a precaution just so quick
and now it's so clean so nice it's
breathing and like this weird look for
da manh√£ this is not like oh my dad but
like it was like fourth of July in here
run I'd real fucking breathe Masha that
just can okay I love on but I like so
weird to see myself with them I just
wish those local one of her eyelashes on
my trip with me just in case just wished
ours like it doesn't look like Oh some
spaces right I'm not going over it when
we got whatever time
and now we wait okay here I was at the
gang which I could talk like that and
not sound weird come on urgent care
come on I'm chair just on someone
natural right there
funny them hmm
god I haven't written okay like what are
we just joke they did a strep test and
they did a mono test because it's my
third time here so they're like bitch
wait something's wrong with you I think
I've being like a little overdramatic
things just a little swollen he's up
defense a little swim and get such a
sore throat
okay good cuz I'm like I love them love
her but so actually that's a good angle
singer rihanna is showing off you know
these steps you look it up i up it is
really what are going to say you are
thinking of it or what were you thankful
this is a large already an expert of
blogs and varan GPS logs you have our
medicine balls in Starbucks we won't
feel like we're like on the verge of a
sickness or allergies or something
sounds so good sponsored by Unicode I
wish it was sponsored before my trip way
do you show them to make a breakfast to
diagram so it goes one know why you get
color so often so we using these where
are you little makeup brushes so that
way it's like fine right so it doesn't
overlap little little depth in their
little eights of an inch sections like
that boom put a fat so we give it on
spat and take it off like she's like on
it to make sure it like comes off
quickly but now we're doing these
extensions and I'm like so dying for the
engineer so how long are these 24 24
there's like a layered one I'm so happy
just everything heard about it and I was
like a blogger because you were
ingenious my way oh I think right away
from literally three-year and I'm so
excited I was like that's what is so -
good thank you
what if everyone's log in here it's
always really figured in and then going
right away
like oh you're on that phone
we're just here how many hours get him
ready for big things for today you guys
will no no no probably my time is cuz I
feel amazing that was a big Amen
hey we with your viral video where to go
on YouTube or voyage with your viral
video
oh you guys are certificate to do but
bcc on the fifteen pounds heavier so
just ignore that be funny
yeah behind the chair oh I thought I got
industry thing I did a how-to video if
you guys are in the industry you'll
understand today watches are they head
you guys can all watch a PC so go there
to suppose occult Hannah chair
Kyla's mhm would it have your name in it
though yes Zoe carpenter into it so it's
a terrible language oh your eye of good
BBC Zoe carpenters joy Co is best to
watch it Emily when in fact she was and
she cried because before say oh my god
she's bad she's like so skinny another
people everybody house believe it I
Drive it go toddle skinny she looks in
the video my arm let me put it up he got
away is getting so we're doing in my
hair we're about how many like an hour
and a half two hours out yeah yeah a
couple hours and there you got a lot
going on oh I need a wig on my head is
where I told her I'm I don't want to
wait wait why do I feel oh this is from
this ride right yeah I kind of like this
is not what I love it oh my gosh guys
look at my house I have to get all of
this into these two suitcases oh my god
like tone down a lot huh you would think
I'm literally moving my entire life but
yeah this is like insane I don't even
know I'm gonna have to narrow something
spell I'm like this is why I actually
don't take trips I get so much anxiety
like packing and I like like with
editing vlogs and doing laundry
I'm just so shower I'm like packing I'm
leaving like in hours and I'm packing
like this is this is not good this is no
bueno
we're going to get it done I'm going to
Denzel okay a little update these are
the rejected clothes I still got to pack
those and between those on top and then
I kind of see this really cool
organization with all these might be my
my favorite my your horse thing about
packing is like cosmetics and toiletries
and jewelry but
I think I have it all organized now
where I actually feel really good about
traveling like I want to travel more
like in the future so this is kind of
good little system I got these plastic
bags at the store call me me I'm sure
you can find music online for super
cheap but I got different sizes so I
have like a lip product one I have one
for like I like mascaras and palettes
and pencils and then I have my face one
over there is like all like body so
shape cream deodorant body glitter
shampoo all this if I need in that one
these are just sunglass time tacky
this is like a mega piece I'm using my
accessories for because it has these
little ridges for your necklaces not get
tangled and then these are just like a
visit stop series and the socks then I
have like a most miscellaneous bag full
of beauty blenders tampons makeup wipes
cotton ball and this is all a hair bag
which is like brushes flat ironed
headset and then this is kind of like
I'm miscellaneous sorry for those
blowing out there just like eyelashes
perfumes glue oil wipes like all that
Messiaen so I'm kind of pretty proud of
myself I feel pretty organized like this
is all I'm bringing right here which is
a lot but like I'm high maintenance so
yeah I feel good about this guy's I just
want to share with you all because I
feel like such a packer
alright so update I have everything I
want packed suitcases don't close so I
haven't okay so I'm going to try to
adapt this thing it's going to be
impossible to pack like if that thing
from up there it'd be a lot easier I
just really really want to like bring
this with me like it's like my wedding
dress oh they're about the size I want
to wear it everywhere
my mom's left to come over and take me
out for lunch so when we get back we're
gonna see if she can help me because I'm
a child literally a little kid that
doesn't know how to pepper cheese a
factory nachos and my mama
I'll decide we have to got lunch till my
mom can take me and run errands but on
the car three months good nothing's
happening at home how that works so got
off work examining a me off top say
Kevin few more hours to the introvert
Rihanna and which is before you know the
distance my mom actually don't nobody be
talking licensing so like I walked in
like a relative joining the second
everywhere
potential handed ballots Capello's
everywhere here and wait reflects up
with two hours tattoo
so anyway you guys will not find out
what I'm doing a we're going into the
next vlog you see here the also really
really excited observer D theta okay
sort of like that I ashes became like
sang on Twitter like Palin so thankful
for opportunities that I got I'm so
excited with opportunity but this why
social life for the past 12 years for
myself and elderly and it's just kind of
sad something yet but I'm true for any
mm super happy ventures on effective
right everyone they love and like don't
forget we see now my credit for
adventures and at new memories and new
experiences
image ongoing experiences by Baba and I
always complain on board or depressed
and I was complain that I'm like
boarding something like you know what
you're a chef which is hyda pounders
that's I'm doing and I always share it
going up I can't wait to experience it
much less we share with you guys you
guys are the very reason I'm doing what
I do and like it's really really cool
and like I just are you my opinion breed
okay I feel like my excitement even
showing because I don't even think it's
really a stone this doesn't feel real I
don't know where it's gonna feel real
but it doesn't feel real right now I
still feel like if she a dream maker
really doing well anyways go around you
took that special kind of venture out of
the flowers I think she's coming here
from it some are like Travis with the
boots like my file you guys I'm trashy I
like McDonald's represent we've almost
got down and a stingray antibiotic
reserve it so anyways I'm asking someone
they can't wait for that I'm going to be
blogging and I should have sex
oh yeah
I have been checking up on the airport
looking for important if I won
I'm standing here 20 minutes and I have
20 minutes before we start boarding to
your roots in fact what I really need to
eat a radically like food and then
really tired
the rest because it's really not that
exciting
what I'm doing canceled
we can still try to keep energy up
come ladies
important
here
by commemorating a really broad
