okay I'm American to block berthing
first done automatic us knowing
next things next God's not dead he's
surely alive then I go get my nails done
at lack if they're open
oh hi look at this so unattractive
outfit you see okay
or they're just talking people move this
Bob people are so fucking crazy to like
other people look at that moving like
I'm given access hi
so anyways for example five minutes
whatever it would have accidentally
impressment report here at every rails
on island chain you are getting hair
extensions Botox and then I am seeking
out the next day Thursday so let's do I
don't have a car so the NuvaRing
everywhere fits my car I had to put in
safekeeping
well I love the web but anyways alright
it might be open
when it is warm out today I just want to
open it not what this people assigned so
it's really hot for my trying to get it
open is it like this fuckin dumb bitch
yeah I'm left speechless I made it
bright and early but now I'm in the
shade but I'm so separating eyelash
extensions I haven't forever ago when
they first come out I had this girl do I
really didn't know what she was doing
and she didn't bring she's like testing
about on me and they kind of like all
sell out looks a little crazy so anyways
one of this place help star lash
extensions a little bit we're like
highly goes and shit my sister's like
this the blue one so Lauren there's in
the valley and I got it we were to put
out a new permit me a little Karthik and
I'm already starving not a thing so soon
after this hopefully out of time I mean
giving myself enough space and time in
between stuff to feel rush rush so yeah
I'm excited to get a nude selfie but I
like topping off at the cuticle so
therefore scenes with the cuticles
so much I don't know if I want to get a
crazy design or French French we'll go
over this is everything but crazy
designs like me four minutes so French
and I'm pretty right all right a success
okay guys I just got home I am like
nauseous I get so nauseous in uber right
so I get that I wanted to try and be
bougie because I I get the uber SUV does
not why trust me I would take a basic
ass uber because like who the fuck am I
trying to press when I go by myself to
fuckin errand well I need it because I
get so sick and cars and time again
where we if they was like a throw-up I
get fine hunson out of it like 20 to 30
minutes like just resting
I hate it as a beat one more day of uber
because I have my car and parking
because I'm not going on a trip and then
the person who's going to house it for
me coming tomorrow so I'm going to
roommate for that so I'm just like well
the Sham coming over and I'm super tight
and obviously will be fine the Katori
will be I just
Oh gracious by the way look at all my
outfits
I'm packing so much shit I packed like a
crazy person my house becomes a war zone
when I pack yeah okay so these are the
eyelash extensions so I got really sick
ones a lot of are just like too
sheltered out like there's so much but I
asked for super thick super long which
I'm not really over analyzing now is one
this isn't as the businessman I mean I
could be so see I like them I like them
a lot but this one just doesn't look at
it but then again it is I it right we're
crazy they don't really good job I go to
Kylie goes to because you know I got a
boo boos like that it's in the valley um
I like them though I think it just add
something you know I don't have any
other makeup I don't have any makeup on
right now a shadow or bottom eyeliner
foundation so I mean I know it looks
like Oh a lot because I have literally
like my hair is not done
but I'm so excited to give Shane his
present tonight so its birthday was like
a week ago and I haven't seen him since
he's so sweet because we're sleeping
together last week and then something
came up for me well something you up for
ham first we have the original plan and
then making up for me is due reschedule
and he's still sleepy like ice skate
risk of detention because he's so busy
and he has his life you know he's got
his little Sam and stuff and so like I I
was telling him I get all staff kind of
right we tax I feel I'm always like you
know I just would you know I really
appreciated time together because you
know we first became friends like he was
going through like this weird
transitional time is life right he
wasn't out yet like you know it was and
I was oh my god I was a mess he knew me
when I was dating Roger which was such a
mess because it was just a I was just a
mess and depressing unto itself knowing
me knowing at the time for most
relationships I had a girlfriend but
like him and think it's like think it's
gonna change and never being able to
talk about him closely you know it was
just that we were going to like both
kind of weird times in our life but then
between that and like drew moving out
here and like it was just like this cool
like new time for all of us it was like
perfect time and you know like sometimes
when like like it's all about timing
life right like I don't know who would
have been as close as we are today if we
didn't get to like bond through that
time even when he made broke his leg and
stuff like that like I was over his
house like I don't know like two or
three times a week like and we were
always be hanging out like all of us
like it was it was such a cool time and
I feel like that's what we like bonded
and that's like what sealed with family
type if we always say no matter what
we're talking family we're family were
family and like 100% feel that with him
I understand feel that towards him I'm
like seeing and like I love you more
than anyone like that blenders not true
even if I don't seem as much they used
to like not nearly as much they used to
I mean he see always makes time to like
come hang out with me I'm such a
one-on-one person and he knows that like
he of course loving yet with like groups
of people to like he just makes that
time and I feel really special because
Shane is that person who just is likes
to be you know to himself or like you
know with his you know boyfriend which I
get like oh my god when I was dating
like Sean I just was all watch on like
you you know what I mean
because you know your relationship
should be first but but he but
sighs all that and like whatever he's
made such a good I don't know he just
not he's not one of those friends it's
like I got a boot by never see you you
know I mean I love him
I was just have so much fun we'd
literally just sit here we George pull a
sit here and talk for like ten hours
economics my like a six hour is like
just and talk it's the funnest thing
ever I fucking love it
and he's just so much fun
so anyways I'm already feeling better
like lying here but I'm like I'm kind of
stuck with these I know I wanted to him
like I'm abs too much they look like
shit I know people always hate what I do
not everybody but a lot of people do and
I get it it's not for everyone because
she is magic you sure you when I'm long
and are you sure you went on like yeah
like give them like five or lash which
is what she did when the whole thing
took like an hour it was oh people were
asking the cost it was 250 you pay 50
bucks for like in the security deposit
and then um 200 I paid there so 250 it's
pricey you know that you're supposed to
go down like every month like still like
it's cheaper like you don't have to pay
200 each month like a still is like
maybe $75 so like you know that's an
initial one that cost the most but
anyways I'm gonna go put on my change
shirt so when he was going to have like
what where's let's do last week I got
these shirts who you know me I like to
be seen for everything including
people's birthdays so I'm going to put
this I got a matching on this this was
like this is like a gag gift that I got
on but like his rap over there not so
funny wise I was actually looking for
his merch oh that's my spot I've
actually looking for his merch and this
look on some like one of those sketchy
at sites I got him long as I thought it
was like a funny gag gift but the cool
presents kind of wrapped means less than
unwrapping a capability is this one okay
so you guys know you guys know I have
like big pictures of myself everywhere
well I got one of these with eyes I hate
myself you booked for his birthday I
think two years ago this last year does
now these like gold
beat sort of thing that's just he's so
hard to shop for but this year I can
only show cuz I kind of like wrapped it
I got him a giant picture what is of ham
and recipes of him Ryland cheeto and uno
and then his green Jeep and I think all
of them driving the Jeep why honey like
I don't want to like ruin it but yeah I
kind of like wrap it so he hasn't until
I got her abscess I was pretty mad about
I don't know he like hangs up he hung up
so I eat myself II like saying and then
have some get smart like Kate got him
this like scream mask that she still has
in bathroom so that you know why I'm
gonna art all art he gives me I'm hang
up like I don't know she is such a
thoughtful gift giver and I feel like
I'm not but then I was like this is
perfect and get a jeep I can get whoo no
I can get violet I can get cheeto take
home cheese early cheeto but yeah whoo
all my team president she taught me that
written down the dish with Trish and
this was a birthday present he got me
two years ago from his movie so anyway
and I was pretty proud I thought was
something unique I don't know it's not
like a greatest gift in the world but
you got it when someone can get anything
they want and they're also just really
picky like they just don't like Shane
doesn't have like would you I got in
like Beach Boys tickets like you know
because he loves to be choice like she
doesn't have that thing where you're
just like hoo well you know if it's like
a seem sort of like oh I didn't do this
theme you sell love I mean the horror
movies and stuff you gas would again is
so like what do you get like a pillow
was what you want to mean something like
that he doesn't have a heart is how I
thought I just thought he snapped out
like a big heart he's getting more and
more art like hanging on as walls
without oh I'm gonna be something cute
it's really I love and I'm obsessed a
bit but you know if not you just put it
in the back of a video or like possib in
the trash anyways alright I got a charge
his phone cuz you guys it's Shane from
three years ago
Shane from wait where's the worst one
that one he loves this Oh Mike this is
the one that like when you google me
this comes up person why should you know
I think you look really good I look at
it a full body shot as bad were you like
miserable that day that I Randy that
coffee was sweating I was at the
streamys oh well yeah presenting
at three means never again um so yes he
didn't see me before I leave and it's
not before his birthday because I said
she last week I was like a thing he's
just so popular yourself we custom me
literally what actually happened was I
had like my soul break down my birthday
but I realize this you aria um not me I
we were watching videos of me from like
four years ago where I'm like I love to
hear your pile watching me when I see em
CD but we never watching videos of like
from a long time ago and again it's
weird you were like a different person
well yeah I didn't like it look a
different voice different mannerisms it
was interesting and like a very safe way
because we're thing rich boys like me
back Isaac yes me I talk like that I was
like I want to sound really straight so
I'm going to talk like hey woods hey
would it be better I was wasn't that one
of us backing out smiling today that was
a very gay boy since my thing no I say
where was up people in the world in the
internet good something's taking over oh
yeah it's been born what everyone said I
literally watch some asking about gay
yesterday and I was like this is
everything iconic okay so this is one of
the birthday presents because I thought
they were I was looking for his merch
and I was like you know what cuz it's
just for the party that never happened
so I was gonna q Thomas meme like
whatever now just creepy Christian then
we showed up and I would like I died
I've never liked it it's interesting
because it's like I hate myself
the side effects but when I'm covered
with myself you love it yeah but that's
never youtuber we like hate but like
love but like awesome eternally YouTube
life okay I really think I could I told
you my preference I was really excited
this might be really like not good
though I feel like I love it but maybe
you want to okay it's coming apart so I
guess your reaction is like a chain
reaction okay oh my gosh this is crazy
all day okay
one that make always big as art yeah oh
yeah I said on your pictures look your
snapchat is design like this is it this
is your snap guys your genes your
animals driving in your being we ask you
to like which one should be the driver
this is my favorite thing ever this is
so funny because literally I just been
trying to redo my office because it's
probably captured so I moved the cat
shit out of it and now I have this wall
that's empty now so it's going to be in
my back background of all my videos I'm
like what am I going to do no Ellen I'm
not a Vegas once i'ma show you these art
you know done my I glad you like it
Oh
