that's right but I think from the side
it really does capture the eight dorm
room oh don't have gone mojo mojo
stay stay my creation my masterpiece
Trisha I look forward I think from the
side it honestly does capture of the
entire box what do you guys think let me
know because I really tried this is like
my first love me now is like it's for
vlog let me never come yes guys go we
are here there on Chris's channel okay
there's something I again there's no
underwear other yeah don't worry about
gather certein at was sort of camera
we've been here searching out I've been
here there GRE I mean we say anything up
really good day and then a meeting got
canceled and then we were I was
everything ready to just have a day I
really happy yes is fun we didn't record
our fun earlier but yeah we're here and
I'm just like not going anywhere it's
like one of these places where you just
like and not leaving I feel like the
party is like going on for out look at
it wait for call you Sam self I don't
change you're like a crazy angle okay
and I go around - babe babe honey babe
babe out of my mind what if that means
me babe that's a brand face never heard
of it
it's like Deborah from band space well I
mean he's one of the people that wear
attire yeah oh my god reunited
and it's a music video you guys jeez my
do music Canon all I got like father
like son
spoiler alert like my dream music I make
you music yeah I would die if she did I
said it I said it to us idea Scott I
said to everybody that used to do music
like hot expensive to me me like that
literally could be yours elope America
JJ like that I mean at you oh my orchid
a jungle I encourage you
the fucking air - Jane bad idea true bye
come on come on EP already
oh my god it's literally iconic oh my
god my hair doesn't weigh my collarbone
skinny legend yeah skinny legend oh my
god skinny me too
skinny legend Jones look a new legend so
fucking skinny actual three legends of
just you know skinny legend skinny goal
any goal legends out of our mind we all
gone where would you use change hey
don't make like recording and that I
never believed in that Roger existed
this dress into place come on any
nomination a different generation come
on jungle fever shiny shoes come on
better than you read your palm fuck you
bitch
how long's better than you Oh Emmy
nominated bitch on the scene yeah that's
right you want to be me and that's why I
have so fuck all your hair trying to
come up on YouTube because she be the
queen and you smell like poo can I go be
your man she's no dirty claiming it
clean oh I don't really like oh just so
dirty claiming that it's clean oh yeah
it's so dirty claiming it clean
- don't my god don't clean the floors
unless they beam leave me you're wrong I
love goddamn
see what you can do is that you intend
we're going to wrap my driving for baby
did I say an opportunist run cute and
you are going to clean off your scooter
Neriah nominated bitch on the beam
not going to fuck with you eight
allowing emmy-nominated bitch on the
scene you ain't shit to me less sixteen
mean she's been hear them say one caller
YouTube Queen OH
she been stance with the been since day
one
call me YouTube Queen tab off a bridge
some call me jet lesson I know some call
me jet settlers whose leave you're a jet
setter no Jen OH I want all of this to
lovable I would literally murder you I
think I would honestly murder you and so
I might have murder I'm leaving that and
fucking you murdering me if I die gerrae
killer out of my mind
skinny legend what do you know about
that don't clean my car unless there's a
she though what she means
Oh what was our anymore we must know
that was in there scene yeah I know
Ariana machine clue
now this graph is in my head both are
blondes from our same girl
emmy-nominated based on the scene as
bitches come fuckin taught me come clean
it takes at college and Jean I'm awful
yeah it's the recipe I know I'm not that
everything around the state of coop that
kind of money change in you Jesus
gorgeous way to a guy give me the height
manage I add judges understand the heart
you just gorgeous veterans like Emmy
nominations watches yeah cortisol so I
think it onto people and I will hold
printers were at my your safety and we
gonna take it out you look so skinny
August on the camera yeah you look like
on the camera look like gold or never
enjoy a skinny legend too
we're all getting legend what are you
doing on oh my boy so myself sleeping
goes back for your surgery
yes I'm scared yeah I feel like I was
your idea haha just let's just build me
sleeping tiger you and I thank you can I
drop you how much you're gonna have are
you excited
you might way way too drunk to me where
do I go for Yuri oh yeah what a dress
shop trash I go is a cater of my little
better than hell for more time again
another one I don't know when my
anticipated I'm rich before oh that one
at our dining no the good ones I was
deaf and my dear - oh wait was GG say
line yeah your had no idea I'd be an
icon again find out like a good children
to give us yeah and there's my father so
I was everything on it
