yeah yo it is hot uh I know your girl
was all like I love a dog on her shoe
they look so sweet
and you're literally no idea that were
giving me their shoots ever either like
guys I've dated or something that they
never even issues like my shoe broke one
time and they want to do entertainment I
cannot think of it are you ever petrol
do you want me to look through the lens
the lens or look at it through here okay
wait that one look through here and this
one can just like get ahold yeah no no I
have my god my general apples okay how
do we tell oh my god
what it all happened oh nice it was
literally sweater does that work so have
you said oh my god what getting your
hand slammed in the thing terrified what
mr. cat what the fuck
mr. cat get in the house no no I want to
cover this with my body okay so get on
the car and cover it I mean so you're
just here to get up right yeah will you
hold this one for me whose is what one
answer picture is wanted for broader oh
that one's already labeled I'm working
this any other schedules again no I love
to work out oh this is everything yeah
oh I forgot I forgot I was filming click
back here like you guys are doing it
like this is are you just camera yeah
I'm looking way to try that
oh that's what priority you guys are
doing at the same pose you look at the
camera
cheers to the good life
bTW
I don't know how to be
you guys the fact that I'm sitting into
GG guys are so tiny and I like in your
swimsuits right now my video I know with
the blue and the red
yeah my actual okay it's been a minute
it's been a minute and now we're sharing
I know as I try on this and notch's
she's like my girl there was about
coming I was like are you kidding me is
just like a baby
we're triangle just like steak oh my god
it's like neoprene I'm really busting
out I mean it looks older than you G I'm
Gigi now yeah oh yeah I wanna thought
with you and everything on board she is
beautiful Oh high but high it's like
it's like a cheeky moment oh my god
that's great and that's your NASA flat
huh I'm not crazy so a little lipo a
little weight I came here at 10 a.m.
it's legit captain p.m. it's legit like
what time was coming with you oh you
were at all I just relieve me like oh
she's walking she did my hair she
braided my hair I tried to can I show
them yeah
no no I but I'm not like the best French
grader but um and then I didn't finish
because there was so much I was rolling
minutes here no not right at all it was
gorgeous of Yi I connected voice as a
French braid this incredibly iconic
green hairband is a green yes green I
can't I am home and it was on a
Wednesday I've had ever excel at your
home vacation I came home exhausted from
the Sun the drinks it was just it was
crazy I would over
legit to collab with Gigi for videos you
know just two claps if I catch up a
little bit but that's not a catch up
that was just us popping a party I love
jay-z more than anything
and how has we had public heart-to-heart
stay and such a bit of my original car
and she is occasions in the car that way
were to be friends I want to invite her
in my teen years are like oh my god so
anyways I love Gigi yours you know she's
such she is this may be hard for some
people but she is sucking the realest
person I've ever met
I can't her she is so like just genuine
I just felt her so much like I don't
like to cry with how much I love her and
all sweet she is to me and what a
blessing she is to this world I just
love her just so much and I wish I was
haunting I wish like I'm I just wish
people to see the Gigi I see which is
just electing a lot of you obviously
she's killing it and people love her but
she's just there's this other side of
her that so fucking like just just I
think I just don't I don't know if I
have more genuine friends
I'm you Shanna force left beside shade
like I don't honestly like the resume
shooting with friends just like so crazy
right like I am so frickin like lucky
and like blessed to know that like they
just are the Jesus at home it's just so
nice and I just fell down when I hung
out with today like they were all so
warm and welcoming not I can't just get
enough of sheet and like actual holes
like everything I want to be her and
Geneva but we have one of my garbage is
smashing GUI and fix and
masking your shoes because it my feet
were burning and she she like held me up
under the car there just fall i I just I
wish I had that instinct just be just
think about other people I fucking love
them I have so much fun like I can't
even say like how much fun I had it was
amazing and um
but anyway device I love you guys so
much I can't endure it to the videos I
can change another video to put up first
before ours we're going traveling on the
same time like old school class it was
really fun like the class were earlier
on in the day interested of being a
party who's coming into great wonderful
really love breaking creative breaking
out them anyways professor washes here
in the morning and wires I love you so
much and I'll see you soon she'll be
checking out a you ever said ever
thought and you look as if from all over
the room hi
you
