oh good morning guys boobs look not good
but you know what it is what it just
should all don't think I'm a crazy I
just already showered by the way so I'm
getting my oh hi I have to do this video
oh my god what not after this video Shay
for lean channel alright what's up
so personal video this morning register
was not okay I'm going to my favorite
girls get more in the projection on so
now I have to resolve with this top part
which is ingest more into this heart so
it's look up more that's what I'm going
for
yahoooo me like that look at my style
but I do so I'll bet you're calm but I
thought sleep tight oh why I'm you do it
doesn't period so I also have maybe a
lot but we're worth liking some beanson
a little bit more injected I love this
make sure you're so sweet and nice I
just always have the best time I really
want to like film her she's so cute and
her Energy's so great but if you guys
want to like hang out with are you
appointment she does bug pops in my lips
she so long she was all a little bit on
this side
and I was a shot she gave me that sounds
like push this up to the warm pink shows
but as we're what warm this was so sent
little by little but they are looks like
a full amount but she is awesome and so
pretty and so cute she's just such a
sweet person and everything were like
around her I just get happier so shout
out to be twice as mean she's off the
Wilshire
Botox flips the work so
I come back get some Botox
they need up
well anyway
thank you
come on go home and edit some videos
especially blog as one block footage I
got together
and then I think I was going on a road
trip this again me sir Jason is back
which I'm really surprised if I think I
kind of fucked it up did I not know
you're fucking up cuz I didn't hear from
you for a while so what did I do wrong
on our day you didn't do anything wrong
I I'm like very I'm just scared I just
didn't I'm just working really hard I'm
trying to work so hard and I I don't
even want to bore your viewers with by
explaining my life but you went out on
other dates since me I'm not gonna shade
you can i phone out obviously the other
dates they all know there's like a lot
of people but what do they do wrong but
I didn't get a second date I mean we're
out a second date but it took a month
I'm going to date tonight we are over
I'm not going to go clothing dollar I
mean you better not flake on me I want
to take him to the clubs you guys
because like you all know I love clubs
are racing and I think it'd be so much
fun honestly I just I just have to like
I just work really hard I've worked
non-stop and I can if anybody knows me I
work on my vlog but then I also work on
like five other people's loves yeah he
does a lot he does do the most which i
think is super hot because he makes
money and I've never dated someone fix
money you didn't do anything wrong
I just strict offenses desperate if
someone told me I would seem a little
desperate no not at all I am that
already
no like a like totally real like what
the cameras are off and stuff like what
I tell everybody about you because
everyone asks me about the date they
were like what what what she like
because she like fucking nuts or like
what's like people were like you know
like they just wanted to know and
honestly god like I swear to god I'm
like my mother like your Trish's the
best personality so sweet
not like all about herself at all if you
would think someone with like pictures
all over herself in her house would be
like all about herself but not at all
like it was like you I've never like
hung out with somebody who like asked me
about myself so much and like Geeta was
a considerate and like easygoing and
funny and like I think they're great
I honestly do I literally don't have
time
for like I think 30 because people make
time for what's important and I'm a fan
that I died by the way go watch movies
on iTunes you mean movies but he's
famous you're my famous sugar daddy who
needs always add other actors I dated I
got Jason as officially dating what if I
just said that with anyone anymore and
then all my little pussies will come to
you and be like I'm not you're dating
Trish you should say officially dating
that's hilarious
nicely Hank but in reality like I'm not
I know he told me he was straight up is
like I don't want to be dating anyone
like okay no no I want to be marrying a
kid I'm just not in the position to like
like I'm just not in the position to
like have a girlfriend like I just I
know that I but in the sad part is that
I really do want someone in my life I
can't break for like what's happening
right now like maybe in like a couple
years and then like vlogging dies that's
no this is what you need you need to get
a call friend kiss your pop in you're
famous you're rich guess what when it
dies chocolate right I'm rich
you're you're red you're rich cool the
days of the red and that's why I kind of
also it's like a turn-on like I would
like to only attracted to you before but
then you telling me like you getting
these sponsorship I'm like oh hey and I
just have a girlfriend waiting for two
months so then you'll never have to see
me
who do you start dating is at the
airport
honestly that's easy god yes know
everything and everyone I've ever dated
has cheese on me and I don't have a
problem with it so if you want to cheat
go ahead like I don't care as long as
we're official you want to eat I don't
do that you know I hate are you on it I
mean you guess it wouldn't be cheating
you may but I don't want to do that okay
I have a boyfriend
right I really like you I think your
size finding that chick oh my senior
Namara I really like you - be real
steady so honestly I really don't like
yellow oh my god she's so nice and then
I didn't here for you for so long and I
was really sad but like you told me you
rat fry like I'm busy and I don't want
it but I was like I really do like you
and I was like oh my word
okay Anna
is it come to the club with me and make
it up to me then we all messed up for
tomorrow fine we're breaking up in this
log we just made an official and now
we're breaking up already
whatever well thanks for um thanks al
snow I feel like we make it cut it
together though I think let's go see the
freaking I would be more for the content
I know I should I will
I should but I'm leaving so doesn't
matter and never come back
so it would be fun what Oh that'd be
fine he already want to get rid of me
whatever anyway we have to go he's
leaving me out like I feel abandoned
already I have a bantam and she's I've
daddy and she's in a Panama issues and
you propose such people think yeah all
right I guess I'm not going on something
I guess I kept ourselves and find other
people to learn what happened I'll try
but maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe leave
a little call
all right thanks placement okay thanks
girlfriend oh my god
