come on in guys hey guys my name is of
course Alex I always had a quick shower
guys because I've been at CrossFit this
morning just got back in a mad rush
today the Friday rush is on TGIF
but guys it's lesser than a month away
no just to be safe I'm probably going to
say about a month for weeks and that is
it until I most possibly get the keys to
the new house guys which of course is a
very big deal for me and all of us
involved it's gonna be so fun is gonna
be a blank canvas to do whatever we want
with our house guys it's gonna be so so
fun but there's one person that hasn't
even seen or been told about my new
house and that is a deal of a member in
my family called and I think I got one
yeah and I think I got what you get a
shower
oh so you get a bath and a shower but
that is also a shower as well I'll say
you could have what people take well I
can show you my house oh okay all right
if you lean out this window you can see
my actual house you see the one right at
the end with the with the with the tiles
on the summer shower will be like this
it has this light little cool it's all
electric so you click the little button
and you can choose your temperature on
that because I say the downstairs
bathroom kitchen and all these tiles
this is what oh that's it yeah so I just
have like a telly on the walls and then
I've got these bi-fold doors so guys
that was chill I'm Martin they are
family members of mine and they live up
in Middlesbrough that is actually where
my family off Brahman if you guys knew
that we actually support Middlesbrough
football club like all of us just
because like a tradition and we don't do
this fantasy oh my god I support the bet
so yes we are Middlesbrough supporters
my whole entire family if you didn't
know that but guys I'm just giving them
a tour around the show home and as I've
told you guys before this is the show
home that's going to look the most like
mine most of my options are like this so
you have the marble floor granite
worktops LED strip which we will change
out for a Phillips you want or something
but guys I am just super pumped for us
to have our own space I can let you be
as loud as I want in the new house and
nobody nobody will care and we can have
a whole house every single square inch
of it to do cool projects and make it
the ultimate I don't even know the
ultimate Mars bar house or something
like that
so as I say guys it's about a month
until the house is finished maybe a
month and a half a push so many meetings
as to which I have a little meeting with
these guys now my final hopefully my
final meeting before I get the keys in a
month
three guys into the office meeting all
finished show my relatives around the
show home of my new house which again is
gonna look a lot like my house in my
house will be finished hopefully in the
next month and a half so nice shutting
turn so guys as I say in the office I
have taken away from my meeting some
incredibly detailed plans right here
these are well I got some first-hand
looks today at some stuff that I've
never seen before so guys check this out
I took some photos on my phone so this
is actually a digital render of the
outside of my house I don't if you guys
can can see this as well but can you
guys see that it has like a a wall
around here and then other night the
upstairs plan and then this is the main
plan of the downstairs so as you can see
just here is the walk-in
well the walking kitchen dining area and
then over to this side over here that is
gonna be on my cinema room is then
you've got a downstairs toilet and a
corridor and the stairs but I've never
actually seen these plans before this is
proper detail that tells what all the
light switches are going to be nice this
is sick I'm puddings and I think Gaga I
just feel like a patrick Star and
SpongeBob in the movie where they're
doing the slaps thing like
hey Chloe
snowmeow Giza
so guys down here on at the table I have
got a plethora of camera equipment I've
got three lenses here got a camera and
I've got a way of mounting that camera
and tonight guys I want to go and do one
of my favorite things that I love doing
with photography and that is as you guys
know night photography taking photos in
night yes it doesn't seem real does it
well with this camera it does so as
usual guys before I do anything
practical with cameras I like to talk
you guys through what I'm going to be
using so then if you guys want to go out
and do the same thing you guys can
choose the same sort of lenses I will
choose the same sort of gear and go out
and take some amazing photos and then of
course share them with me on Twitter
Instagram or snapchat so what lens do
you need guys when you're taking
nighttime photography well you need a
lens that goes wide open and now bear
with me here pause the video go get some
coffee and listen to what I'm about to
say the lower the f-stop number of the
lens that you're going to use the more
light it will let in for example this
lens is a 28 millimeter prime lens from
Sony and this is an f2 this is a golden
master lens now this goes from 16 to 35
millimeters constantly at F 2.8 F 2 F
2.8 and then this lens this lenses an f4
and the one that's shooting this video
right now is also an f4 which is the
best lens the f2 it lets in the most
light the lower the f-number the more
light it lets in now your choice of
camera doesn't really matter because
we're gonna compensate the light for
shutter speed more on that when we go
out and take these photos I'm gonna be
using the sony alpha a 7s as you can see
with that massive sensor in there it's
able to capture or let in a lot of light
with its full frame this is my old
vlogging route by the way I'm going to
be buying a brand new vlogging camera
tomorrow so stay tuned for that and I
think my friends we're all ready to go
I love you let me play music you know so
there's this feeling like no as you can
see on here that looks pretty bright
already but here's the settings guys
that I'm going to use what I'm gonna do
guys it's put the camera in fully manual
mode and then what I'm gonna do guys is
I'm going to have the shutter speed on
10 so the shutter will be open for 10
seconds f2 and then an ISO of 1 to 5 and
let's see how that looked
I'm really intrigued to see what the
snow is gonna look like on these you
know that's pretty cool we need a bit of
a longer exposure though car coming down
about now I'm firing the shot car coming
down bad so the important thing to
remember guys is a long shutter speed
it's gonna keep the shutter open for
much longer you'll get the really long
light trails the longer the shutter
speed is open for too long be a light
rail you'll get but it really does just
depend on what you're looking for
let's try this again
honestly guys just go out and try it
those photos were absolutely terrible in
comparison to some of the long exposure
photos that I have taken throughout my
entire career taking photos and video
and different things like that but it's
all about guys just going out and
chancing you look and you may get a good
photo you may not there may be cars on
the road that are gonna yield the good
photo or it might be -3 degrees outside
and no cars and loads of snow but the
most important thing guys is that we did
it and we got a little bit of a result
these photos aren't amazing but they're
pretty cool whoo that being said guys
that's been my week Friday done we'll be
back on the vlog tomorrow and Saturday
I'm off down to London tomorrow morning
bright and early
6 a.m. for a meeting oh and don't worry
I will ringing you guys right along with
me guys stay awesome keep smiling
I could take you to somewhere far away
that I know
wake up in the morning gotta thank God I
got a pretty blonde guy in the tanktop
and should immerse anything to please me
she's fine but a swimmer loves blind
like Stevie
