well guys guys watch this little skit
that you can do on here it's sick
as mental good morning guys how are
y'all doing
my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog I'm
gonna try that again
so guys I have just boosted board it to
the shop to pick up these items right
here we've got some crisps we got some
hot chocolate we've got some bagels we
got some croissants we got some lots
more bagels and we've got some what bit
poor chocolate chunk brownie mix that
looks fun doesn't it all those items
guys are for this evening and you put
the economics what the hell are you
doing this evening
well guys I will tell you what I'm doing
this evening I'm having some friends
around and it's almost a little bit guys
of a reunion of some old friends of mine
meeting each other for the first time in
like a few years and it's well because
I'm sort of like the only person with a
house there's like no one lives in it
happening at my house so I like to make
sure my guests my guests are well fed
that is sick and I'm not even sure if
this is blurred out right now this thing
is either blurred out or it's not I need
to get the heads up as to whether I like
to glue this in the blog this company
sent out this really cool product that I
want to do a review on for tech flow and
it's really really cool
but it's another one of these ones where
it's not even out yet so not sure if I'm
allowed to well it's out in America not
in England and I live in England I don't
know I don't want to upset people okay
speaking about being upset guys you guys
have actually all really upset me I'm
joking
you haven't upset me guys no no one's
upset me but there's a few people the
other day in the video where I unbox the
glass lyric speaker and people were
saying Alex you're getting off over a a
glorified karaoke machine no no no no no
that thing is not a karaoke machine it's
very impractical if you're calling it a
carrot is not a karaoke machine that's
mental to call it a karaoke machine that
thing is a piece of art it's mental I'm
worried about the vlogger nervously the
footage when it was edited and the thing
is it looks it doesn't look as good on
video you really have to be here and
experience the depth the glass the
actual holographic display it's an
awesome piece of kit nothing nothing is
not a karaoke machine hence my reaction
no I wasn't on drugs I don't take drugs
that's vile actually people were saying
I was on drugs because I was
overreacting no no no no no I'll show
you it again later that glass beaker is
awesome and it is 100% not a karaoke
machine
so even guys I have just got back and I
am now on the roof of my house do I
recommend you do this no please do not
climb on the roof of your house however
I'm up here because I've run some new
cables to my dishes and I think it's
about to start raining so I'm gonna
quickly quickly get them installed these
are the dishes that send the Internet
out to people this this is how I earn
money
Amerigo guys all my radios are on the
new switchboard which means guys that
those radios on the roof come in here
and go into here the whole thing is
looking super super pretty what I want
to go ahead and do is get all this
finished off camera get all of this mess
tidied up before I go ahead and give you
guys part 3 of building the ultimate
gaming loft but this so far guys I'm
giving you a little updates on it it's
looking amazing sweet and guys so that
is all looking at sweet as I'm gonna
finish all of this off tomorrow and
hopefully get some computers up here in
the vlog and do the whole vlog on
episode 3 of the loft making this thing
actually starts looking awesome but as
you guys know I've had to get the server
rack out the way first and we're almost
finished but we need to talk about
something serious the other day I went
to an abandoned building with my friend
Luke and there was a hole in the floor
big like tunnel thing and I said to you
guys stupidly hello my name is Alexson
if I get 5,000 likes I will go into this
hole right don't even know why I said
that
because I usually get about 5,000 likes
on my vlogs anyway so guys thanks for
that but not thank you for this time
because well I said I forgot 5,000 likes
I go in the hole when is that now
definitely 5,000 like a Fiat me to come
back this is appalling I don't go back
on my word so I'm gonna go to the gym
right now and then come back and then by
the time I come back I'm just gonna take
you guys straight there and get this
over with
because I really don't want to do it but
as I tell you guys I don't go back on my
word and if I recall correctly the hole
wasn't even that big so I'm not even
100% sure if I'll be able to even go in
it but anyway we'll go and find that out
I suppose
spongebob time card it'd be thousand
impressions lay down you will not be
able to see a thing right now but this
right here is the building can you guys
see that it's pitch black out here this
is the building that we visited and
icons I'm about to go inside I'm going
on stupid little tunnel because you left
5,000 likes and I'll stick to my word I
don't like it it's Paul which door was
it was it this one I hate em I hate it
guys okay we're going the right way
This Is It this is it there it is is
that it right guys I'm gonna stick the
camera down there first because I have
no idea what is even down there does the
echo the Fairview cables that go down
there and there's this cable here which
looks like speaker cable why does it go
follow it is it cool I switch I'd love
to take that off and have it in my room
just say couldn't net all right guys I'm
gonna stick the camera in and I'm gonna
flip it upside down because obviously
I'm putting the camera here oops um I
don't know
come on you got to go in I'm not Dini no
you're doing it I can't do it
you can do it come on everyone's waiting
their place baby this one no no it's not
you have to go in backwards good so now
if someone's gonna bite my leg I hope no
oh good it's just a very long tunnel but
I can't I can't crawl down next it's not
it's not big enough but I think it comes
up somewhere the other side guys look at
this look so I'm in the tunnel and as
you can see but if I go down here look
there's just a long tunnel and that's it
like it's just a tunnel lies it and it
ends
about five meters down there but I can't
even get down it it's not big enough but
that's all I really wanted to go down
there I need to be like a a massive
they're not big opening ah that's a suck
sweet fun it reads find another opening
building is literally massive look at
the walls guys it's actually sick this
whole place is absolutely mental is so
so big sweet hey guys back from the
abandoned building I've come back up
into the loft right now I've had a
little bit to drink gonna be honest with
you guys I'm a little bent I was okay
because I told you guys earlier I was
having loads of friends around
everybody's downstairs right now and I
didn't wanna get my camera out bit of a
nerd so I've come up into the loft to
end this video with you guys but guys I
do hope you've enjoyed today's little
pocket of my life guys I've enjoyed
putting it together for you and if you
haven't you're watching a like rating
would be absolutely wicked I'm not going
any holes though or anything and just
leave a like because you liked the video
and if you didn't like it that button
seems to work too and if you've got
anything guys that I could improve put
that down in the comments before now I'm
Highness but I like you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
and I will see you in tomorrow's daily
vlog guys I love your faces adios
