back in the UK
sweet guys I'm finally finally home I
need to do two things
shave fresher I need to go super super
mad rush now guys just bear with me
literally just made my time come to pick
up parcel now all of you guys are like
Alex what's in the box
well you'll find out when you that's
probably not a good thing I probably
need to get my break to the town anyway
bottles here I'm so buzzing for this so
there we go guys now I feel like I am
fully home back in the room still got a
few bags to unpack however before we do
that I really want to get into this
parcel and have a little sit-down chat
with you guys so guys is currently a
p.m. am now starting my desk I've been
traveling all apparently Island and gold
I've been traveling all day guys and it
has been so so so so tiring
three trains one underground and one 11
hour flight which has left me only this
evening to do the vlog however we've got
something guys really really cool to
unbox and I want to just sit here and do
it with you guys like the good old times
should we do guys cuz I'm absolutely
buzzing yeah let's do it
oh cool man
oh yes are finally going listen listen
listen listen listen okay so guys there
we are the iPhone X now I'm gonna try
and organize a giveaway over one of
these but you have to understand these
are very very hard guys at the moment to
actually get a hold up but I've got the
256 gigabyte version here in black and
it's gorgeous it matches my Apple watch
beautifully right guys I'm gonna go
ahead and get this thing set up first
thing I'm noticing is to screen the OLED
display is absolutely gorgeous just look
at that thing
wait had to do this it does it so fast
okay guys I'm about to sit on my face ID
I'm gonna turn on this softbox so it
gets a proper good look of my face all
right can you guys see this how to sell
face I need first position your face in
front of the camera get started if your
head slowly to complete the circle that
was so quick so let me know guys with a
like rating if you want me to do an
iPhone X giveaway let me know also in
the comments voice your own opinion if
you think I should do an X giveaway or
you want me to give away my actual used
iPhone 8 plus what would you rather
brand new iPhone X or my used iPhone 8
plus what would you guys prefer to have
let me know down there in the comment
section down below
I'll give you guys a full comprehensive
review of the iPhone X as soon as I can
unfortunately it's taking about 15 days
to install all of my apps so for now but
for those of you wondering guys this is
face ID simple as that it hasn't failed
to unlock my phone yet guys but we'll
give it some time right I need to unpack
sweet guys I've gone ahead and unpacks
at my Manfrotto bag for traveling around
the world and really packed it again
just for general travelling around the
UK this has got all my necessities in it
for making YouTube videos again what I'm
gonna do now is add a link to this bag
in the default description so it's gonna
be the description of every single one
of my videos because I love this thing
so much again not sponsored I paid for
this thing I love it filling guys will
be now indeed default description down
there right this is one place that makes
me happy I love this room but this is
only one of my two happy places I need
to go and check before I cut off today's
vlog on my other happy place guys so
just managed to get myself into the
office this evening it's about 11 p.m.
right now I'm super super jet lag and
I'm not tired at all
okay I've noticed two things so far
number one it's really cold in here for
some reason number two what's this look
at this thing and I would clue what the
hell eyes looks like something we're
gonna have to open and other vlog guys
that's mental and I think I have no idea
what that is
guys so unfortunately this evening I've
got some really really really bad news
to tell you
actually now I retract the word bad it's
not really bad news guys it's good news
but it's not very nice news I don't
really know what to say about this other
guys what I am gonna have to do is turn
on the TV in here put the lap dog on my
lap make sure that the sound bar is all
set to HDMI and then with some look that
should display on the screen okay no
that's the Xbox I don't know what I'm
doing I'm little I'm doing wrong here
okay guys there we go there's the PC
that is the course that I want
unfortunately guys I'm gonna have to
click the Start menu start typing reset
this PC and then reset the Corsair one
yes guys to all of our disappointment I
have to return the Corsair one back to
Corsair tomorrow as you guys saw it came
with this awesome massive Pelican case
and we didn't know what it was when it
first arrived a couple of months ago we
have to send it back because this was
only a demo Union like this was one of
the first course that one's ever made
into production and it was sent around
to a load of people including those guys
but I want to say a massive thank you to
Corsair for sending out because we've
had so much fun with the Corsair 1 it's
been awesome Oliver o Corsair I'm gonna
speak for all of us here and we want to
thank you for sending out the Corsair 1
it's been a pleasure to play with it's
been a lot of fun
I mean like spur-of-the-moment I really
like spontaneity I don't really like
planning things I like things just to
happen because then it's more exciting
so Alex what was the whole shabang about
in LA what were you down there for well
Asus flew me out to LA they flew me out
there to attend
wait a minute perhaps really don't suit
me at all but they flew me out there to
attend Blizzcon yeah I can't do that any
of you guys have a head that just
doesn't suit a hat they flew me out to
attend Blizzcon not to go look at the
games but because Asus had a stand there
and I have an absolutely awesome
relationship with the Asus guys as you
can clearly see that's just a hat but
well as you guys know this entire desk
that we built here is full on Asus we've
got the Asus keyboard mouse we've got
the monitor the little computer
everything even down to the headset Asus
even sent me all the parts to build this
beast down here moving on from that guys
I'm wanting to start a brand new series
in 2018 where I come round to
subscribers my fans houses and either
build or rebuild they're set up for an
Asus have very kindly agreed to help out
with that whole process as well as a lot
of other companies who have definitely
got the OK to do this now the main
reason I want to do this is because I've
done numerous series's in the past as
you know we've currently got the series
getting on building the ultimate live
streaming room I waiting for a couple of
parcels to arrive so we can start
episode 3 and get this thing almost
finished and then obviously there's
going to be the decking out my new house
stuff which is gonna be amazing
that was the main reason guys I went out
to LA because I have an awesome
relationship with the guys over at Asus
they're helping me out with all of these
series is that we are doing on the
channels and it's just all round a good
time and good vibes and I'm really
really happy that we have such good
sponsors that we're able to do all of
this stuff it's gonna be super hard and
a lot of work to put it all together
guys but if you want to enter for a
chance for me to make your setup or
remake your setup I'll put the link to
enter if you missed it from the video a
couple of days ago down into the
description it's gonna be difficult to
put all this together guys but remember
what do we always say don't think just
go
