to my last day today guys I'm going to
Disneyland by myself okay guys so I mean
I've got my tickets
so guys I'm come to Disneyland by myself
because at my hotel I got 25 percent off
the ticket because the hotel is like a
partnered hotel with Disneyland and also
there's no event on today no Blizzcon no
nothing and my flight is until 9:00 p.m.
this evening coming on all day and it's
one way to get wet and I've got like a
great top on tsubame cell at Disneyland
I'm also let's get some slow-mo going on
it
okay house three mistakes have been made
today already mistake number one going
on a wet ride first mistake number two
wearing a gray t-shirt on said ride and
mistake number three coming to
Disneyland
you
okay there's one ride whilst I'm here
that I just really have to go on and I'm
not even sure if I'll be able to film it
but can you guys see this
the guys I'm going into a scary ride
right now and it's taken an hour and a
half to queue because halfway around
they said there was problems with the
ride and that's not what you want to
hear when you're about to go on
something scary I now present to you
of course I escaped for those of you who
have not been paying attention
the names rocket one of the guardians of
the galaxy the smart guys this is
awesome
so guys I really hope you enjoyed
today's chill dawg this is not really a
cure blog will have to do the chill flog
tomorrow but guys now I'm in a rush my
flight leaves in three hours and it
takes me an hour to get from this hotel
all the way to the airport I need to
pack
and there we go that thing is so heavy
fuck you phenomenal service thank you
sir I've need anything to the breakfast
and it's about 7:00 p.m. right now
this is a Starbucks pumpkin spice latte
I've never tried them before apparently
they're amazing oh my god my guys as it
is Sunday today and I'm about to hop on
an aeroplane for an 11 and a half hour
flight I'm gonna do the Q&A which I
always miss every Sunday so let me know
down in the comments and/or on Twitter
if you actually to make it an actual
regular thing on Sundays I'd do it on
the Sundays where I don't really have
much to do do you want them or regularly
let me know right let's get to what you
guys have said Ollie says hashtag ask
Mars what are the best LED smart Wars
dude I've used a really cheap one in the
office and it's been on non-stop for the
last year and a half I'll link it in the
description what's your favorite point
mate my favorite point is a San Miguel
you ever see me in a club get me a
summer girl I love San Miguel what has
been your favorite part of 2017
and do you think it's too soon for
Christmas ads yes it's too soon my
favorite parts of 2017 is definitely
being putting a deposit down on a house
that is amazing it's an amazing
achievement for me some evening to give
you that look it's an amazing
achievement for all of us and the
content next year is gonna be awesome
doing that up I can't wait to wake up
every single day in my brand-new house
and waking up every day to do things to
the house with you guys it's gonna be
wicked is hashtag pimp subscribers
setups the official name for the new
series hashtag ask Mars no I haven't
actually got a name for the series the
series doesn't even start until next
year so the name hasn't even been
decided yet this is all to speculation
simple question were you a high school
dropout no I got to a stars one a and
the rest of everything was C's except a
couple of bees oh I also got a triple
distinction in college which is the same
as three a stars I believe at a levels
what are your plans for such goals for
the house making my dream house that's
my one and only goal for 2018 oh and to
make 2018 better than 2017 hashtag a
smart
did you try and steals washings project
name and no my project hasn't even
started yet it physically doesn't have a
name because the first episode hasn't
been released yet all this washing stuff
is absolute rubbish
hashtag a smiles when are you moving I'm
loving all of these house questions by
the way it means you guys are just as
excited as I am hopefully by the end of
March 2018
I can't wait guys hashtag us Mars what
is the biggest hurdle in life you've had
to overcome my biggest inspiration in
the whole entire world passing away my
granddad that was the biggest thing I've
had to overcome and to overcome it I did
a speech at his funeral and I felt so
powerful doing it I felt like he was
there
giving me power do you sing in the
shower I'm definitely a culprit of that
house Mars how do you find the
motivation to do things in your day I
can barely find the motivation to get
out of bed dude you to find something
that makes you truly happy
it's simple dude find a hobby frozen
that you love and that you cannot smash
and that you can achieve and level up in
get yourself an awesome hobby dude I'm
sure it'll brighten your day and get you
out of bed also if you do a job that you
don't enjoy leave that job and do
something that you do enjoy I've come
across a lot of people that are really
depressed because they don't like their
place of work leave do something better
hashtag as Mars will you ever come to
Newcastle speaking of that I need to
catch my flight
and this is where I'm gonna be sad for
the next 11 hours this has been a super
super fun trip
I've really enjoyed LA I'd like to live
here it's been really nice
