this is my last full day in l.a you guys
what's going on how are you all doing my
name is of course ice guys and welcome
back to another daily vlog I hope you
all out there how you're all smashing it
and I hope you're all achieving those
dreams right guys we are in LA it's just
about to hit midday right now good vibes
guys is the only thing we've given up on
this channel if you new around hey guys
be sure to subscribe and comment down
below telling me something positive you
guys have achieved in the last 48 hours
use the conversation guys as a place to
write that down note it down there as an
achievement and then guys move on to
your next goal last full day guys
in LA
this event guys is honestly absolutely
mental if you haven't seen yesterday's
video either like a whole little wrap-up
of the event had showed you all of the
cool stuff honestly the atmosphere here
is incredible
so guys I'm back here this morning a
Blizzcon at the Asus booth and they've
told me that in tomorrow's video they'll
have a giveaway ready for you guys and
for us so make sure you tune in to
tomorrow's video if you want to win some
guys competitions and entries absolutely
everywhere yesterday I opened up the
building ultimate subscribers set up
series so you can go and enter to
possibly have me come round to your
house and build your set up there go and
check out that video then tomorrow maybe
a giveaway with these guys all of you
guys were asking for my take on Blizzcon
and what I tell you is if you like
Blizzard games you would loo love this
absolutely love it the atmosphere is
incredible
I think I saw some as this event is the
weather outside today is absolutely
awesome so I'm going to get out of here
and I think I'm gonna go and do a bit of
shopping
yeah of course yeah well everybody seems
to be out having a good time nice vibes
and everything yeah I really like it
really liked it so thanks so much
so guys that is currently it for
Blizzcon here in LA I've come to this
massive massive massive like shopping
mall but what I find fascinating about
these shopping malls here in America
it's they're outside but this isn't
something that you find in England
they're all enclosed in like big
buildings these are like things you can
walk like little mini ecosystems with
shops and bars and restaurants and it's
just lovely bear in mind guys the
weather today is 21 degrees now the
reason that come to this massive
shopping mall or like outdoor shopping
mall it's because you guys tweeted me
saying Alex if you're in this area you
should visit this shopping mall because
it's amazing so that's exactly what I've
done is 21 degrees today's absolutely
boiling for almost winter time but
there's one thing there's one thing at
this shopping mall and that is an Apple
Store now guys what I'm going to do
because of the questions I've been
getting a vast amount of over the last
few days Alex where the hell is your
iPhone EXO you're not getting one what's
going on is it being delivered okay I
have an iPhone X right now at home on my
desk it's at there right now it got
delivered on the 3rd it's right there
right now but guys what I'm going to try
and do today is walk into an Apple Store
and see if I can buy obviously I don't
need one so I'm going to be giving it
away to you guys
say guys they've got them in store
should I go on
I'm gonna get one yeah so guys I'm here
in the Apple store and they have some
iPhones in stock for me to pick up but
there's a bit of a problem now pretty
much because it's a given that the
iPhone X is in massive demand there's
only a few models left in the store so
they had them there to pick up but
there's a thing called CDMA and GSM
models and certain models won't work
back in the UK and the models that they
had in stock were the models that only
worked in the US and if I was to do a
giveaway I'd wanna do a giveaway
worldwide for you guys not just
restricted to the US people this is what
they told me in the store they said if I
bought one of the ones that they had in
the store left it would only work in the
US which isn't really worth the money
and time but nevertheless it was really
awesome to go in there and check out the
iPhone X actually hold it and I can tell
you guys that it's not too dissimilar to
the iPhone 8 with this glass bat / I'll
be honest with you guys
going back to a massive bezel phone
after using that phone in the iPhone X
felt obsolete it made this look rubbish
and is my one takeaway from today I've
got my buzz back and I cannot wait to
get home and get my hands on my iPhone X
I'm bussing now that thing is awesome
unfortunately guys back into the hotel
room this evening
iPhone X less I really want to come back
in here unbox wanna just to give away
for you guys I do want to do guys an
iPhone X giveaway for you just to say
again thank you I try and do giveaways
like so much for you guys do you want to
try and do an iPhone X giveaway for you
guys know you guys know Alex what why
what's going down you through so many
giveaways just because I owe everything
to you guys and I don't think you
understand that like the things that we
do on the vlog I love it and the fact
that the awesome dudes that won the
iPhone 8 giveaway the iPhone 8 plus
giveaway Twitter picture and he was so
happy that he'd received it if I can do
that
money that makes me so so so so happy
and same with the building the ultimate
subscriber setup series the amount of
comments that I've seen that said Alex
I'd love to have a cell block what
you've built at home and I want to make
that a dream come true for a few people
obviously I can't do it to everybody I
wish I could but I'm gonna try my best
that's all I'm trying to do for you guys
is just give back right I really will
show somewhere else right now
there we go that's better
guys Hot Tub Time 10:00 p.m. last day in
California I just want to go ahead and
say something to you guys that I've been
doing to myself for the past like half a
year now and I used to like voice things
that have helped me through this vlog
but one thing I've been doing every
single day that's been helping me loads
is setting aside 15 minutes and I'll do
this whether I'm in a hot tub
or just sat in my office at my desk
working and what you need to do is
reflect upon the day so you need to
decide to yourself with it today's been
a good day and you've achieved good
things or today has been a bad day
if today has been a good day and you've
achieved good things it's important to
recognize those things it's really
important to it but then it's also
important not to become complacent with
it and get used to it because tomorrow
is a brand new day that's going to throw
brand new challenges at you so if you
had a good day today
take those good things but have a better
day tomorrow and if you've had a bad day
guys it's important not to be too hard
on yourself but be critical of yourself
everybody's only human and we all make
mistakes let's say you a shopkeeper and
you've had a really bad take and you've
gone home not in the best mood with
somebody or said some things that you
regret what it's important to do is
understand it and recognize that and
reflect upon it but don't be too
critical and hard on yourself because
again same method applies tomorrow is a
brand new canvas for brand new
opportunities and a brand new
opportunity most importantly for you to
better yourself and become a better
person and heal up from the day before
so if you've had a good day take those
good things and be proud of them but
don't get complacent and tomorrow smash
it even harder and if you've had a bad
day
make sure
understood and told yourself what you've
done wrong and then tomorrow be better
from it and heal up from it and become a
better person and I get questions all
the time saying Alex you stand in front
of a camera every single day how come
you're so happy how come every day seems
to be a charm for you how come it always
go so well and it's because at the end
of every day even if I've had a bad day
I lay that on myself I go in the morning
the next day and try and be a better
person used to remember guys that
nobody's perfect we're not robots we're
only human people do make mistakes I
have guys just tried to take off the
little puny DJI spark drone I absolutely
love this thing however it turns out the
way in a no-fly zone right at their
hotel but I'm in so I'm not gonna be
naughty and try and take this thing off
if we're in a no-fly zone I did want to
get a shot zooming straight up of me in
the jacuzzi but it turns out we can't do
that sorry mr. drone I bought you all
they're out here for nothing between us
guys you know what to do that month in
New Zealand Australia I probably looked
like I was having the world of time but
I was I just wanted to be home the
majority of it like anyway guys will
tidy it tomorrow my husband Alex you
guys have been awesome girls and keep
smiling miss yesterday looks like you
can wash that one here he'd not
subscribe the channel one two and I buys
it you can quit right here I'll see you
guys in Sbarro's daily vlog guys I love
your faces adios
