I'm literally just waiting for my over
and there's a cosplaying bear sat right
next to me
Oh about weather makes me so happy to be
in LA come on guys how feel during my
name is of course Alex incredible amount
of energy today flowing I'm super super
super super pumped guys I hope you all
enjoy the vlog so guys I'm currently in
LA as you know I've taken an 11 hour
flight out here for a few days and I
know the key ones of you that have half
a brain and let Alex why have you flown
11 hours there and then you're gonna fly
11 hours back a total of 22 hours on an
aeroplane for three days in LA guys I am
here in LA for Blizzcon it was Blizzcon
well it's a convention and absolutely
massive one in fact tickets to get into
the event of super super super expensive
and they sell out super super super
super quick it's an event with lots of
gaming and lots of cosplay so it should
be really really the main reason I'm
here as I hinted with you guys over the
last couple of days is I'm here with rog
republic of gamers and i'm gonna be
talking about pimping subscribers setups
today guys is a too much by drake day
and playing that song right now not even
bothered if i get a copyright strikes
because I'm in such a good mood and I
just want to make good content guys
let's do this
don't saying I'm done playing last time
it's on an outro stuck in the house need
to get out more I've been stacking up
most people in my position keep the
weather here today guys in LA is super
super warm I'm super super happy
uber is on its way I'm placing wanna
come places with star girls and they end
up on in front pages I'm quiet without
just rounded over cuz they're gonna snap
having waited I'm the holy one spot
arrived at Blizzcon
whoa
this is so cool guys I'm here I'd say
Blizzcon
as you can see however I'm not really
here for the games I'm here for the
gaming hardware hence why I'm here with
ROG the first thing that it was I got to
the booth and they gave me this awesome
Jersey and it has my name on the back of
it wait a minute
you guys see that and then they gave me
an awesome jacket which you need to go
to the vending machines for we'll check
those out a little bit late go thought
about we all need to go
okay there but loads of stuff here
there's only one quick way I can show
you guys every single thing that's here
are you ready for it so guys can you see
how long this queue is right here all
the way from these three vending
machines it goes round there way down
there and pretty much as far as I can
understand that I'm not sure if this is
just a Blizzcon thing it's been
happening for ages but people have
backpacks like this one and Blizzcon you
can go and go to these vending machines
and different places and get little
patches put on your bag or wherever you
want to put them and I just can't get
over how along the Kiwis
I was going to wait and maybe try and
get myself some more badges but not in
that queue right I really really need
some food she'll magic.com sure MGK calm
guys shoot MGK comm check these guys out
this sells some absolutely awesome shoe
care stuff this is sick
check me out on instagram it's their
fire Hendrix okay guys I've come into
subtle range and I've managed to get
myself some ribs I absolutely love rib
this trip to LA has been that
spontaneous and that's short
I haven't even planned anything this has
been the strangest little holiday or
getaway that I've been on I've flown all
the way to LA with ROG been to Blizzcon
I'm going back on Sunday I haven't
really organized the meeting to do this
is really spontaneous I'm on my own and
I'm just really enjoying getting away
from home
sweet guys back from Blizzcon want
awesome an interesting day for me I
didn't know what to expect it was really
really cool
one thing I've come to love though is my
hotel room view like that look at that
that is gorgeous
sitting here and doing some work so that
is just amazing these palm trees they
sway but each night and each day I'm
California dreaming about you right guys
because I didn't do it yesterday it is
very much time guys for a quick gym sesh
oh geez days each day I'm kind of on a
dream about
sui-lan guys all back from the gym now
this is the end of the video but hold on
this is the part that you've all been
waiting for Alex how do we enter the
pimping subscribers setups or whatever
we're gonna call the series how do we
enter how do we apply ourselves to be
picked but me to come round and build
you a setup
well the only logical way of thought of
doing this is by simply including a
gleam link down there in the description
so down there guys in the description of
this video just click in the bio down
there and next to our social links will
be el gleam link it'll be really obvious
all you need to do is click that and
follow the steps and it's kind of gonna
be like a giveaway the same setup as a
giveaway but what I'm going to then do
it is pick one random winner and then
just keep doing new gleam entries at the
end of every series we finish as I said
guys this is going to start in 2018 I'm
absolutely buzzing guys we've got the
okay from our og today they're gonna be
working with us they're going to be
helping us and a load of other people
are too and personally guys I'm
absolutely buzzing for this I think it's
gonna be absolutely awesome taking
interaction to the next level and you
guys know that interacting with you guys
who's one of my main things why I even
started doing YouTube in the first place
the only reason I go up every single day
and pick up this camera is simply to
make myself happy and to make other
people happy that is the only reason
whatsoever and if for some reason my
videos don't make you happy don't even
know what I have to say that but I don't
know why you're here
I have no clue why are you here on this
channel guys were all about
self-improvement we're all about
motivation and we're all about achieving
our goals and guys if I can do that that
means any of you can too though guys if
you're new around here be sure to click
that subscribe button right here and if
you missed yesterday's vlogger click
here but I wouldn't even bother because
it's not even viewable on mobile because
I used a copyrighted song in it or
something that video stuck on like
20,000 views which is absolutely awful
because like 80% of my audience view on
mobile but nonetheless guys I'll see you
in tomorrow's daily vlog
enjoy this audience
