come on in guys how are you doing my
name is of course Alex um welcome back
to another daily vlog I'm in Wilkos back
so guys back from wilcos all morning
I've been sat right there right guys at
this desk because I've been editing well
started to edit the promotional video
that I shot for a load of different
clothes companies like Calvin Klein Jim
King good-for-nothing 11Â° he Misha's to
this book guys you can go ahead and
watch it right here I'm not going to
show you guys the actual edit just yet
number one because I'm not sure if I'd
be allowed to and number two it's not
quite how I would like it the technician
suite guys back from the office at later
afternoon but guys you see here's the
thing I'm a little bit worried really
because I'm really not sure if I should
take the risk
oh my and I need to try and fit all of
this into this joke and be able to do it
that was easy
I'm only joking I have legitimately no
idea how all of that is going to go into
that we'll figure out one way but I'm
stressing about about going away for a
couple of days so I'm gonna go and do
one thing that really really calms me
absolutely absolutely breathtaking
sunset there is tonight absolutely
incredible
by then guys all that drone footage is
on this here card I can't wait to have a
look at that you guys have already seen
it if I can't go ahead and fit all of
this stuff into my awesome lovely trusty
mount throught a bag I'm gonna have to
use the ROG bag this bags a lot nicer
this bags a lot big hope you guys 5
seconds to put down that in the comment
section below what bag you think we're
gonna end up taking you reckon we're
gonna get it all the Manfrotto one weld
reckon we're gonna have to use the ROG
bag which is kind of fitting really
because I'm going on an ROG themed
holiday all right guys you got five
seconds put something down there in the
comment section and then I'm going to
attempt to pack the Manfrotto bag first
if we can do it I'll give you all a
tenner three two one I am a fingers
crossed go
this bag honestly link in the
description I've had it for so long it
is so full and it is just amazing
honestly this will be the best money if
you're looking for a bag that you've
ever spent I put the link to it guys in
the description and this is guys three
days in LA California with one bag how
am I doing this
get away get back
but a long journey so far I've been on
one train three tubes
snick station is pump we're almost there
destination
the technician all right Alex croaks
yeah
guys are finally made it to the hotel
let's get in and see what room we've got
no a minute room 331 exist the highest
room is 3:30 I've been stupid honest 331
that exists
frightening guys I have made it into my
hotel and oh my god look at this I'm
losing my mind
there's LEDs under the bed like water
what's going on under there
oh this it tells nothing to bark about
guys this is just a little rumor I'm
staying because it takes me about three
hours to get down to London two and a
half three hours to get down to London
especially Heathrow Airport from where I
live and I'm flying from Heathrow
Airport tomorrow and that's the thing I
haven't really told you guys what's
going on so I'm actually flying to LA
we're going to California tomorrow you
guys been saying Alex all you do is go
in your office it's their home and do
projects which is fun but we want to see
you go somewhere I want to see you do
something or let me tell you something
this is actually my third time this year
going to America and that's a lot of
times going to the Americas for a
standard human and I'm just a standard
human star this year I took you guys out
there and took you around CES which was
wicked then later on this year I took
you around with Microsoft right to
California right to LA to see the Xbox
1x launch event and now we're here again
guys and you guys are saying Alex what
are you there for absolutely awesome
opportunity Republic of gamers aces
invite me those guys out to LA to
California to go round Blizzcon you guys
for me thinking Alex why and to be
honest I have no idea I just like the
guys over Isis they like us they like
the channel and the main reason I'm
buzzed is because I'm gonna be able to
talk about when I go out there pimping
subscribers setups and it's something
I've wanted to do for a long long long
time rather than guys I'm gonna go ahead
and get some rest it's about 3 a.m.
right now my flight tomorrow morning is
at half 10:00 or something like that so
go ahead and see all of you in
tomorrow's a daily vlog guys if you
missed yesterday's you can go ahead and
watch that right here you cannot
subscribe to my daily vlogging channel
especially subscribe right now about to
go to freakin LA click the subscribe
button
trying to get 500k before Christmas it's
not gonna happen but I'm trying my best
with trying and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog adios
