come on you guys how will they my name
is of course Alice guys and welcome back
to another daily blog 7:40 a.m. right
way minutes 7:40 a.m. right now guys in
the office I need to be at a shop at 8
a.m. I'm filming a promotional video
this morning for a little little sharp
and as a shop that I love it it's very
close to my heart so I'm gonna go and do
it myself
however guys there's one thing that I
want to try and use on this shoot this
morning it's a bit of gear that I want
to test out I'm gonna take my tripod
with me anyway but I've got an awesome
black box in the car and most of the
shots I'm going to shoot using this
black box so guys roll some of the
awesome clips that hopefully I'm about
to get this morning and now I'll talk
about the gimbal
no sorry guys this morning's shoot all
done all wrapped up I'm super super
proud of myself guys for this shoot this
morning I'm going to talk to you about
what I am super super proud of myself
and why it's important to recognize when
you do good things and give yourself
credit for them and also the gimbal that
I'm going to talk about worked really
well but first first there's one thing
that we all know all of us together that
needs to happen and no that's not you
dropping a like on it on the video of
the is that I need a haircut and
yesterday I was ill so I missed my
haircut guys but today I'm feeling a lot
better
haircuts in 15
sweet highs all back home of America and
I've been to drop off the iPhone I gave
away finally picked a winner I know
you've all seen my hair ivan is so
different well better than it been too
long I suppose brother guys this is what
I want to talk to you about and
hopefully it ain't the cameras and stuff
you can save yourself a bit of money so
to get a gimbal for a camera isn't that
expensive because you get things like
this now this is a handheld DGI gimbal
and you put your phone in it but what if
you want a little bit better quality
than just your phone what if you want to
use one of these cameras on a gimbal you
have to get something like a DJI Ronin
and those things are very expensive
until well this came out last year and
this has been absolutely awful really
bad until a couple of months ago they
released a software update for this and
I think this is absolutely amazing that
amazing in fact I shot my whole entire
promotional shoot on it this morning it
comes with the USB battery charger and
it's as simple as that you press this
little button right here you mount your
camera to the plate you'll just these
things and move this side to side get it
all balanced and voila you hold this
stick and this bit with the camera on it
this plate will stay balanced and since
the software update last month this
thing is insane the shoot this morning
on really well thanks to this gimbal so
I want to recommend it to you guys right
we have an issue on our hands and that
is you guys being this MacBook Pro now
this one right here this is my map book
drone it's something I've used to edit
these days blogs on for the last ever
since this map book came out the screen
goes faulty with like funny lines in the
screen this laptop only has four USB C
ports one two and three work number four
desert and the trackpad now when you
click it just keeps clicking
uncontrollably I wasn't too bothered
about the screen and I wasn't too
bothered about the USB C port however
this mouse this mouse is driving me
to distraction it's making me not be
able to use the laptop properly I'm not
happy bunny because the closest Apple
store to me is an hour and a half away
I'm going to meadow Hall right now
there is you guys arrived at Medical
go in it no worries okay okay so yeah so
to say the repair was cancelled so good
I'll not see so far very abysmal shoddy
not warm service he's not he's not nice
or option you've got you have got mail
and repair service
yep so they see Papa Schadt with them
they can do all the repairs their
knuckles butthole and you know the
Applewood like why
some into Apple absolutely appalling 50
work for it I'm not happy so what the
Apple representative proceeded to tell
me was that they contacted me apparently
about my screen repair but because I
didn't get back to them within two weeks
they went ahead in council bit I didn't
know about that yes they then said that
if I need them to look at the trackpad
I'm gonna after them booked in an
appointment but they don't have any
appointments available for literally
five days time they treat the product as
if it's worthless which is really really
really really worrying because a lot of
people save up a lot of time to buy
something as expensive as a MacBook and
being told that information after a
product's failing with the amount of
turnover that Apple makes and the amount
of money that people spend on their
products you think there just be a
little bit more helpful that's all I'm
saying
one thing to always calm the mood though
Nando's will assistant Lee can't be
wrong so the conclusion of the meadow
whole trip the our Longmeadow whole trip
was that if you have any issue with an
Apple product make sure that you book an
appointment because you haven't booked
an appointment no matter how much money
you've spent into the company which is
Apple they don't want anything to do
with you awesome guys so all banned from
Meadowhall Nando's up Binta Apple film
the promotional video today super super
happy with myself I want to top today
off by doing something that I've wanted
to do for quite some time
I've always had this idea of doing a
cinemagraph mean I've done cinemagraphs
before the pictures that move the do
them on my Instagram all the time like
this well I want to do one in my room so
I brought well I bought one of these
uh-oh that makes a lot of mess
guys look at that coming up from the
monitor that is insane us as there's so
much smoke
oh no anyway guys that's what I'm gonna
end today's video I've been up since
like 7 6 7 a.m. this morning it's been a
full-on day it's now midnight I'm gonna
go ahead and get some rest I may or may
not tomorrow start my travels to go to
LA to go to California then obviously
I'll be bringing you guys with me though
for now guys a light rating would be
awesome if you've enjoyed today's daily
vlog and if you're new around here be
sure to the subscribe button I'm trying
to get 500k before Christmas that's not
going to happen but if we can get close
that would be amazing I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's daily vlog adios
