guys I was meant to going to meadow hall
today to the Apple Store to take my
laptop back and try and get it fixed but
I'm not very well I don't feel well
I'm really ill I've got horrible like
thing on my lip I'm at Maria's house
right now she's looking after me I'm
gonna give myself a little bit of time
to recover and then hopefully I'll have
the energy to pick up the camera a
little bit later
that is the first time a vigil took off
the Pierre box and had a load of letters
come instead of a lot of parcels which
isn't the complaint by the way I love
whatever you guys sent but that was just
really surprising I usually carry loads
of stuff back with me then there was
like 50 letters no parcel I wanna cry
because I've been ill I had to cancel on
my haircut so I've just been in to
rebook that I'm having my hair cut
tomorrow I'm working all of tomorrow
morning I need to be up at 8 a.m.
tomorrow morning to be down in town for
a film shoot them you know I always tell
you guys that when you're not well and
when things are going down you just have
to push through you have to push off
holy crap though oh my God look at these
Oh would you look at there what you look
at there there's a few more blemishes on
the cordage oh my gosh just look at the
sick these are absolutely mud guys these
are awesome
she were going to put them under the UV
light
here we go guys this is it what we'll do
is we'll put the Xbox on the top shelf
so that's gonna sit there and then we'll
put the PlayStation just there look guys
you'd be like oh UV light on
ah
laiá laiá will these pants were on my
god I'm Spartacus
so guys the other day I did a video and
in that video were in the morning I went
round to my grandma's house and I sent
some guys run there to sort out of her
international some wireless internet and
I explained all of that and I showed you
guys in the video me having a wrote a
full on roast dinner at my grandma's
house I then got back and said to you
guys that I'd done a whole day's work
before 10:00 a.m.
umm boy that tilted so many people
because clearly you could see in the
video well obviously this wasn't 10:00
a.m. was it in everybody facts you're a
liar you're a liar you're a liar why you
lie I always thought in my head that
doing a whole day's work before 10:00
a.m. was just a figure of speech to say
that you've done most of you work in the
morning I went and asked my girlfriend
Mariah if she'd heard of the phrase
before and she hadn't and then I went
and asked a few other people most of the
people said they'd never heard of that
before a few people said oh yeah I've
heard of it but then it was another
thing at the start of that video I got
in the car and I was like guys it's 8:20
a.m. and I thinking in my car you can or
in that shot you could see my screen in
the car and it said something like 3
p.m. or something on the car and it just
wasn't that time we have a long
explanation but you know the other week
when I went to the mini garage with the
assistant Luke and we drove three minis
drunk for the full day where was my car
then well it was getting serviced and in
that service they reset the battery on
the car which wiped all of the settings
on the on-screen display therefore the
time was reset and I hadn't changed it
since then so the time in the car was
wrong Louise I'm saying this is because
I saw a lot of comments and everybody
was getting really annoyed saying Alex
you're a liar you're not transparent
with us it's really annoying look I
didn't realize that so many people get
so upset about that I want to
to here and apologize if that was
something that did upset you I do want
to be fully transparent with you guys
and it's something that I am always very
proud of I always tell you guys what's
going on you guys know a lot about my
life I'm always tell you guys what's
going on I mean heck my grandma watches
these videos I was at my grandma's house
imagine if it actually was lying she'd
be there like Alex why are you telling
people at the wrong time she watches my
videos I think what do we fully
transparent with you guys no so if you
do see anything like that please do let
me know in the comment section down
below so we can so we can sort it out a
week and address so do these videos guys
every every single day and it's very
hard it's very hard not to mess up or
make mistakes guys because nobody's
perfect right this apparently is really
cool - this is really cool I love all
this thing which is like an extra
powerful battery bank from anchor which
is meant to charge this member this is
the fifth in each map but my model is
currently broken it still it still just
keeps clicking but then it turns out
they sent out this thing to me which is
absolutely awesome and this is like part
of the news sort of like power delivery
campaign or something like that they're
calling it I put links to all these
products in the description then there
is loads of products out there that can
support fast charging but the reason I
like anchor is just because that's metal
it's matte the build quality of this
that I didn't even take a hit then the
build quality of this thing is crazy
they've also included this awesome USBC
cable which apparently when paired with
this and then plugged into a USBC laptop
it should charge it that 30 watts so
this glass is a for an anchor set up
we've got an anchor cable here which is
charging the laptop and then what you
can do is unplug this from the laptop
plug it into this five port USB charger
from anchor which has a USB C port on it
plug that in then that'll charge this I
put a link to the description guys this
stuff is not cheap however if I'm in a
sticky situation where I've got no power
and I need to get one of these videos
live this thing is probably gonna save
my bacon I put these lists of guys in
the descriptions if you'd like to you
guys can go ahead and have a look
yourself
Gregg for the last 15 minutes or just
replying to you guys on snapchat so way
if you want to go ahead and add me on
snapchat quick screenshot they will take
a picture of that pause the video now I
am starting to feel a little bit better
though now guys I put it out earlier on
Twitter guys saying guys I'm not feeling
very well today
thinking about what I can improve in the
videos a lot you guys did Alex try and
discuss the time thing which you've
already done and a lot of you guys said
more cinematics so I'm feeling a little
bit better I'm gonna try and do a little
office cinematic for you guys and
considering I've gotta be on set at 8:30
a.m. tomorrow morning filming for that
clothes shop shoot that I told you guys
about a couple of weeks ago yeah that's
tomorrow morning probably could do with
sharpening up my cinematography skills
so let's do
so really know you enjoyed the little
cinematic hope it was good I haven't
edited it yeah Roman guys I have just
made it at home I'm fitting a lot better
than I was earlier I'm still a little
under the weather and all of you guys
can probably tell you're opening in Alex
usually a lot more energetic than this
usually coming through the door like
right so hey guys unfortunately guys one
of my editors has let me down this
evening so I'm having to edit some
client work as to which my company miles
media has put together and that is all
but yeah Maria is my girlfriend a lot of
you already know that I'm just letting
the new subscribers know because not
everybody knows that I can't just go
around saying Maria and expect everybody
that watches this video to know who she
is Maria the wife okay so she's been
back from University this weekend and
she left me what he's been staying
around here which has been really sweet
so she pushed this thing on top massive
wolf ate in my room and I'm like what's
that and she goes it's a present
and I'm like well it's not a birthday
it's not Christmas and then today she
tells me this is really for well if you
bought me it because after I told her
that I put a deposit on the house that I
bought the house so I thought guys what
we could do is actually get this thing
open and see what's going on inside
because I'm super super pumped whoa
that's sick that's amazing it's the new
strange things season 2 picture I think
that's sick that's amazing guys how cool
is that right there guys that's wrong
gonna end the vlog earlier you guys have
all enjoyed today's blog as well better
than I've actually enjoyed today because
I I've been really ill and it's been
really horrible and I didn't really
enjoy it so guys you have to push
through and get on with it my name's Ben
I likes you guys been awesome I stay
awesome keep smiling click here to watch
yesterday's vlog if you missed it
click here subscribe you're not already
subscribed and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's day doc a DX
