okay so the best way I can show you this
is if I was to control a all of the
clips in this folder and just click and
try and drag them over to here look what
happens this laptop is unusable and I
have until 6 p.m. to figure out how I'm
going to edit this video whose idea was
this come on come forward speaker who
thought this would be a good idea
one hour less of sunlight per day it
already got dark r5 oh good afternoon
guys how we all doing my name is of
course Alex guys and welcome back to
another daily blog let's do this
so this I hate this morning trying to do
some work on my laptop and I just can't
do it and by work I mean I've been
trying to edit yesterday's vlog to go up
tonight at 6:00 p.m. but I think there's
a problem now with the trackpad on my
two and a half thousand pound laptop
yeah it's a problem with a two and a
half thousand pound laptop son heard of
isn't it you think if you're gonna spend
that much money on a product it would at
least last more than six months before
having so many problems
the screens got weird lines in it one of
the USB C ports doesn't work and now the
trackpad I know you probably thinking
Alex you but we don't treat it very well
look this thing is an absolutely
immaculate condition I'm gonna talk talk
a little bit later though guys because
first first I need to come pick up Maria
we're going for a double date type thing
Sunday today Sunday lunch
put your finger right down the menu now
no go do it you know
you just ruined the video it's ruined
that's it
I'm not putting out any more I am so do
you think guys Sunday exactly where I
really want to be now i eating food
except that was really really really
really really really tasty I mean the
office guys in Oh God dirty montage
knick-knack paddywhack give the woman
snow yeah
the office the office is a tip so all
the time' guys you see somebody in the
back of it sorry no much well here's
somebody in the back of the videos
laughing or saying something don't
believe it disclose how it is if they
are doing that but today yet Luke is
here we've dropped the girls back off at
home we have to come to the office for
the evening without the girls because we
don't really want we don't want them
here unfortunately guys I've got to send
it back guys what I'm sending back is
the slick revolution skateboard at the
center as you can see this new
revolution branding all over it a lot of
you guys been saying Alex you've said
you keep falling off the new slip
revolution skateboard and it's because
you keep sense because it's in beta and
it's not just because you're rubbish at
riding skateboards
there is no revolution want to send this
thing back it's because it's still in
beta like it genuinely is they're going
to send out the new ones when it's
actually released in the public and it's
not a board that's actually going to
throw you off it but I really like this
thing when the actual one comes out I
will compare it over here to the actual
booster board and give you guys my
honest opinion so you guys my variable
would use that to save a little bit of
money on your electric skateboard if
this was a little bit out your budget
because I'll agree with everybody this
is this is really really really
overpriced
so guys here we go in this box as you
are all aware will you knock this is a
plain box this goes in here's believe it
or not is that the Xbox one X I brought
it round to the office well the
streaming room because well this is
where I want this thing this thing to
really live this is I want to stream
from it as soon as I'm allowed there it
is guys in all of its glory the Xbox one
actually you guys already see my
unboxing video of it is a really heavy
heavy thick glasses the Xbox 1x sir you
you're a PlayStation man aren't ya I'm
PlayStation Man you liking that so guys
here's the plan for today's Sunday vlog
as I've explained to you guys I'm
currently giving away an Xbox one so if
you guys want to figure out how to watch
that you need to watch episode two of
the ultimate live streaming room I've
also told you guys that slick wraps are
sending out an extra two consoles and
Xbox one on a ps4 with a UV and
ultraviolet theme because we have this
UV light and this is where the consoles
are going to sit the UV lights here what
I'm gonna do is UV paint these consoles
and do it retro and do it really really
really bodge I'm hoping it's gonna look
really really really really cool if
these look cooler than the ones that
slick traps are sending I'll give these
ones away and if the slick rap ones look
really cool I'll give those either way
I'm gonna give the coolest ones away but
in mind guys the consoles have got black
wraps on them so we can just take them
off if it looks bad it's not ruining the
console don't worry
right we need to go to the basement
because I think we're gonna make a bit
of mess
right the way I'm gonna do this is
pretty much just put the paint on the
paintbrush and splat it all over the
consoles just to make it look really
retro and really really random I want
these things to be unique only to be
done once and you're only gonna get that
by being totally random with it this is
either gonna look really bad or really
cool so let's do this
whoa wicked guys they look absolutely
mental I really can't tell if you can
see this over the camera or not I
thought these were gonna look super
super tacky but they look really really
really cool and the thing that I keep
harping on about these are custom like
no one else is gonna get this exactly
exactly the same I think these guys look
absolutely awesome a brand mine this is
gonna glow under the UV light these look
wicked it is some day welcome to the
portion of Sunday every Sundays blog
there's not really every Sundays blog
but most Sundays blog where we do a Q&A
I say your guys questions from Twitter
when you use the hashtag ask Mars first
question what happens a 12-inch MacBook
I know you sold the 15 pro but what
happened to the 12 well I gave the 12
inch to a friend who is in need of a
laptop and actually a fan who is now a
close friend of mine bought the 15 inch
laptop from me open letters we sent from
the vlog dude watch yesterday's vlog I
open load of packages then I'm gonna try
my that wiki thing too but I'll probably
forget because we get too busy I don't
win the Xbox one s giveaway all the
instructions to win that giveaway
we're in episode 2 of the ultimate live
streaming room and in episode 3 the
winner will be revealed hashtag a smart
one is rebuilding youtubers setups
coming back I'm not sure what you mean
by coming back dude because it never
actually started however just after
Christmas next year 2018 it's starting
will you still visit your brother once
you move in to the new house and of
course but more like my brother will be
visiting me I've already had long
discussions with him and he's absolutely
buzzing for the new house and he said he
wants to have his own room in the new
house his own bedroom with his own setup
in it and I said dude you're not having
that so stop dreaming I said of course
we can do it we'll build it it'll be
awesome income round he can up
sleepovers at your big brother's house
and you'll love it and he was like he
was like heck yeah that sounds amazing
so that is the current plan he's gonna
be staying around mine gonna his own
game herself he's gonna love it it's
gonna be amazing I might even make him
his own YouTube
once ignited here are the consoles I've
got the PlayStation 4 hey that's still a
little bit wet so I'm going to leave
them in the office to dry off of but the
Xbox coming in now here's the Xbox these
things were absolutely wicked so I'll
put these down on here just to look at
that which is waiting for them to dry
and then under the UV light tomorrow
these things should look absolutely
amazing so be different and be unique
and I think these things look awesome
look what you say they look good though
they look really really cool sweet do
guys I think it's time we could try and
explain what the hell is up with my
macbook and oh god I've had so many
problems with with this map book and I
can see the comments already Alex you
clearly don't take care of your map book
you clearly abuse it
you clearly clearly clearly throw it
about you've had that many problems with
it you've made that many videos about it
it's mental and I know I feel exactly
the same as you guys I really really do
it's driving me to that much frustration
it restrains me that much it's that much
of a big deal I like to make a big deal
of it in this vlog because this vlog is
about my life and this laptop well I
would say it's my life but that sounds a
bit sad I use this laptop every single
day guys to edit this vlog and this blog
means the world to me as you guys know
so if I can't edit them that's a big
deal but as long as you can see right at
the moment I can click and drag
absolutely fine right and it works it's
fine give it two seconds literally now
what the problem is is when you click on
the trackpad to click on something it
just double clicks and keeps on clicking
even though I've only clicked once it
keeps double clicking and you can hear
it doing it listen carefully I'm only
pressing once so as soon as you want to
click on something and drag it it just
keeps double-clicking so I've selected
all of these files in here I and if I
was to go and click and drag them to the
desktop you think
would work but know as soon as I click
down it just double clicks and opens all
the files watch this and now there's not
many files in there it's now frozen the
laptop and it's not so guys there we go
that has been my chill Sunday vlog I
really do hope you have enjoyed yourself
and if you if you have anybody that's
experienced that so you know of this and
this is sort of a known issue I don't
think it is but please let me know I
think I'm going to take this laptop to
Apple tomorrow and see what they do
because they still haven't even fixed
the screen for me and that broke over
five months ago guys if you're not
subscribed to my youtube channel you can
click here to do so and if you missed
yesterday's daily vlog you can click
here to watch that guys my husband Alex
you guys have been awesome stay awesome
keep smiling I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's a daily vlog guys I do
