whoa guys that sky that sunset is mental
do you know else is mental 31 song in
the whole entire world or one phrase in
the whole entire world which gets away
so slyly with saying the f-word and that
is this guy's welcome to the vlog one
two three
so as you can see right now this shot is
absolutely awful and there's one reason
behind that and that is because well
that makes it a little bit better hold
on a sec there we go guys is one thing
that's changed and that is lighting now
guys a lot of people have different
opinions of this in the cinematography
and photography world but there's
usually a thing called three-stage
lighting but in my case I only need two
stage lighting this is called the
subject light because it's lighting up
the subject and then you have these what
we call background light and what
background lights do is light up the
background and give depth to the image
so you guys can see how big the room is
but how far away the background is all
the set garlic's why are you giving us a
lesson on lighting and because we're
building an ultimate live streaming room
and lighting Lighting's important
now you see guys this is exactly what
I'm thinking so right now you can see
that well this is a fairly well lit shot
and that's because well I'm surrounded
by lights they're literally everywhere
light is good for video and this is
what's been going through my mind
because as you guys know a lot of people
who do work with a camera and they want
a room to be lit they'll use a thing
called a softbox which is well I've got
a few of them but they just don't look
very nice and we've taken a lot of time
and effort to make the live streaming
room look nice and I don't want gonna
ruin it with soft boxes so here's my
plan what we do is we get we'd get a few
of these right and then these can
twiddle we get a few of these right and
this can twizzle round in any way shape
or form put a tripod screw through there
the webcam goes on there and then you
can literally aim this where you want an
author and it also sets off a nice light
so guys this is everything we are going
to need we have our lamp here with a
bulb already installed we have our we
have our webcam I'm soon going to
replace this with el gato scam link and
link up this camera to it but for now
webcam we'll do a little mini project
time it's gonna take about five minutes
let's do this
pr's
yo guys so I'm currently live in the
live streaming room this is the first
I've let's just put this together right
now just to see what this is actually
like as you can see there's me up there
on the telly we've got the microphone
we've got the keyboard and mouse we've
got our new little camera rig with the
light on and look at the quality of that
like my cameras in the way but that is
just insane and it even looks cool on
this camera as well but the webcam is
working really well this is wicked right
there we go sorry guys is it landscape I
don't have a clue right I'm gonna have
to just look at you guys like this okay
this is what I'm doing hi Vlad you're
amazing Mars bar I thank you your audio
is perfect well thank you your comment
is perfect sir
okay little haha boiling girls sorry
Scott I have it you go bro what I didn't
know he cooked a grenade I couldn't hear
it cuz I like and here's the music I was
hilarious guys that genuinely worked so
well I'm so stoked that was amazing I
enjoyed every single second of that and
this thing the whole point of today the
microphone work if I can guys I'll
overlay right now what the quality of
the stream was like where my nuts being
a live streamed live hopefully that was
really really really good quality I'm
super super happy so you guys I
generally can't believe my little body
job actually works that was really
really cool I'm super stoked about that
obviously you guys know I'm trying to go
all out with the live streaming rooms as
well as the room looking good I want the
quality of the streams to be looking
good that is my main forte with this so
what I'm gonna do is a company called El
Gato have released what's called the cam
link and it enables me to use a camera
like this as my webcam so what I'm gonna
do is do what I've done in there but
sort of on a on a bigger scale if you
guys have any ideas let me know on
Twitter or in the comments
get like a nice fancy light that we can
mount this camera to what I don't want
to do is look ugly like a softbox
that's what I'm trying to avoid but so
far for now guys mission accomplished
three guys all back home oh and look who
instances it's no because I kind of want
to talk about a little bit I get a few
questions in Alex have we tested out the
new electric skateboard yet from slick
rev now this is their brand new flex
eboard and they're making this primarily
and I know they are they haven't stated
this but I know what's going down
they've made this board to compete
directly with the booster but I mean
come on come on
and also guys right here I'm just gonna
say I just have a standard battery pack
but oh what's this
well these are the actual USB powered
lights that come with the board itself
how cool is this
you're not seeing this with boosted well
then just look at that thing it's so
cool gonna even make them flash it's
like a disco was in the board's still
having beta software on it and still
being in beta in general and it almost
throwing me off and killing me a few
times I really really like this thing
and obviously it won't throw you off it
when it actually comes out the thing
won't be in beta it will be 100% tested
and safe it's been a while since I've in
the peer box and you guys been asking me
to do the peer box so let's do the peer
box sorry there we go wait I need the
unboxing knife hey Alex I love your
channel more importantly I love how you
are inspiring your younger generations
to be active creative and live their
dreams I started a brand for crazies and
would love to supply you with more if
you wish the brand is to hopefully
inspire young people to be proud of
their creativity it's like mixing
Caribbean and rye being it together to
make karabiner creativity is a gift you
cannot earn it so never lose it that's
actually a really cool design it's kind
of like the off-white thing with it just
chilling in the middle where that's
awesome guys these open on camera I
swear every every parcel that I get says
that now so it's just meaningless he
started writing out my letter but then
all it says is my letter and then the
East falling down all the art there's
they are hello Alex or should I say Mars
bar you my biggest inspiration on
YouTube and in photography I wanted to
give you a gift for all you have done
for me and the marzipan so I drew you a
picture of you it will be my absolute
dream come true if you shoot the picture
shoot shoot I might hang it up in the
background and then I'm Ryan Franklin
you need anything large in your very
small car no hate to minis again ie
would then these might come in handy
hashtag many problems from Alex Alice
thank you
I don't understand what you mean though
whoo nice absolutely brilliant and put
them straight in the car that's sick
it's a wooden box dear Mars bar I've
been watching your blog since the day
you got robbed which is over one year
ago and I think that you are a big
inspiration to me every day I go my
phone at 6 p.m. and I can't wait to get
the notification to watch your new vlog
I also have a YouTube channel and an
Instagram and it's at carleton
underscore Taylor - 2005 I love it Ravi
guys I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
video here this marks the first video
where we live streamed in the ultimate
live streaming room and I'm absolutely
stoked so the second eyes need to let me
know if there's anything we can improve
on the streams and if not then we're all
good but I'm sure there's gonna be a few
little things that you guys are gonna
pick out so I'd love to know down low in
the comments if you could let me know
either on Twitter as well that would be
amazing it will make these streams
absolutely awesome guys but for now I'm
gonna end this thing right here my
husband Alex you guys been awesome click
here to watch yesterday's video click
here to subscribe if you're not already
I'll see you in tomorrow as one guys
