good morning guys how are you all doing
my name it's of course Alex it started
today's video outside because it's well
it's super super bright this morning
super super fresh and I'm feeling super
super pumped for the day
oh and hey bro you're right the
gardener's here who thinks I'm right
freak
that's the Xbox one what you do is Nick
 to an Xbox but is that a new home
now bro is that what's going down so
guys a lot of you all the time asked me
about work and you guys know I don't
really like to include work inside of
this vlog this is my pocket of fun not
my pocket of work even though I highly
enjoy my job however guys I've been out
to work this morning to a client that
client being my grandma so I was allowed
to film it I persuaded her to use my
services get her internet upgraded I
contacted my guys they're going out to
her roll the clip
good morning guys it's about 8:20 2 a.m.
I'm currently on my way around to my
grandma's house I have persuaded her to
move over to the dark side to get the
wireless internet that we provide hash
tag wireless broadband
I'm gonna go make sure everything's ok
and the guys are doing what they need to
be doing
Alyce's boys on site already lovely job
right then grandma while the men are on
your roof or man is on your roof doing
the Internet while I'm down here with
you I want your honest opinion on
something I've got the opportunity to
take my friend Jed you know Jed to LA
with me next month do you think you'll
love it what would you think he'll be to
think he'll be like that's amazing
anybody would right I'm gonna ring him
I'm gonna ring him did I tell you that
I'm going to LA next to LA California
yeah I just need you to obviously
because no one's at my house when I go
so I'm going I'm gonna need you to come
round and like feed the cats for me is
that okay
was that the last is that the last thing
you'd expect me to say what about this
how about you come with me yeah got the
tickets I've got a ticket asked if you
could come without telling you and I
want to surprise you
SOI bro proper grammar mom dinner
absolutely gorgeous my gamma as your
internet better very good guys gone
mouths all sorted her internet is so
much better
fill it within a whole days coordination
of work and it's only 10:00 a.m. right I
need to go and do something serious this
time this is serious it needs to be done
I need to book my haircut because it's
awful arias mate you see the state of
this it's not looking good as it free
practice guys the proof is there stop
with all of their hate about my hair did
at least do a rhyme I didn't mean to
rhyme so you guys have made it into the
office on a Friday afternoon after what
seemed to be a successful and very
eventful morning and I've takes one
thing one thing off of my to-do list and
it's been on my to-do list for the past
week and that has to be to book a
haircut just gets with my mind to do it
anyway I don't believe you guys have
brought laptops or you don't or if you
know the struggle of having a laptop and
then your laptop running out of juice
and you've thought to yourself how
awesome would it be if I could have a
portable power battery bank right you
know you carry around to charge your
phone if you know one of the portable
battery banks but it would charge your
freaking laptop I think that's the thing
that's gone through everybody's nines so
I got this little thing here and I'm
really really want to put this thing to
the test so Ankara claiming that this
can charge us BC laptops and I bought
battery banks that can charge us PC
laptops before this little box of magic
is twenty six thousand eight hundred
milliamp hours and I've got it right
here today because I want to see if it's
gonna charge up my sixteen fifteen inch
my full-blown editing rig for these
daily vlogs my 15 inch MacBook so
there's any of you that are out there in
the same boat as me they want a battery
bank to charge up their USB C laptop
then I'll let you know and also this is
twenty six thousand milliamp Sweetman if
you want a long lasting phone battery
anyway I'll let you know if it's any
good soon hold the phone so a couple of
weeks back here one of the days in the
world you know the world has like days
for certain things like Valentine's Day
a couple of weeks back guys it was what
the world called mental health day and
it was to raise awareness as to how
serious mental health illnesses I
created a vlog on that day guys about
the illness that my granddad is
currently facing and two weeks on he's
still in hospital he still fights the
run of the hospital I've organized to go
and see him and spend a little bit of
time with him because guys it made him
super super happy when I went last time
so if I can do the same that's my job
done
now as harsh as it sounds guys you
always have to remember and this is
something my other granddad who died of
cancer almost five years ago now always
used to say he always used to say nobody
said that life was fair and that you
have to take the cards that you are
dealt and play them wisely and it's an
absolute incredible phrase because it
means that if you get really rubbish
cards and you play them correctly you
have a good chance and if you don't
really good cards but play them badly
you're gonna lose out unfortunately
nobody said life was fair
Mahalo goes out to any of you that are
struggling with anything right now or
even have family members or close fried
chats me guys do it on Twitter I'll
always reply to you guys on there if you
wanna chat to me get everythings of your
chest I'm here for you guys as always
right I'm gonna go see if I got it
right there guys I am back home for
visiting visiting my granddad but as I
say guys if any of you want to chat
about anything Twitter or snapchats the
place right and it seduce needs to have
a mind of this got stones in my stomach
in there in my brain you fade it away
and then lost my way too close to we've
gone too far to talk to wrinkles want
yours to run my eyes so guys talking
about taking my mind off things I've
just quickly knit back to the office
because in my head I've been thinking
about this for quite some time now know
been thinking eyes in my head what I've
been doing this ultimate live streaming
room is that I'm not gonna start
streaming from this room until it's
finished
but unfortunately guys things are taking
a lot longer than had once anticipated
and new things we're gonna take a while
to get this room in floor flourishing
but by now I sort of wanted to be
streaming about a month before before
Christmas and I had it in my brain that
I wanted to get this room on heard you
percent complete it and then start
streaming but I need your guys opinions
on something in the next episode of the
ultimate life should I install the
cameras therefore we can start streaming
without the room finished or should guys
I wait until the room is completely
finished and then start streaming
I had a few tweets the other day people
getting for some reason really heated
about the fact that I wasn't streaming
enough forever
which is thought was really confusing
since I do like ten videos a week on
YouTube itself and then people
complaining that I don't stream as well
like not a full-time youtuber or
streamer I run a business as well well
to fit it all in but obviously when the
room is done I'm gonna make some time
for streaming but I'm hoping the
question out to you guys there should I
just get the cameras installed the next
episode and then start streaming or
should we wait until this room is
completely finished what do you guys
think honestly Friday night this evening
guys I have some friends coming over to
mine this evening let's have a bit of
catch-up on a bit of a party so I need
to go back and prepare for that and and
tidy the house rattling guys all back
home for some reason
earlier today I went ahead and tidied
the house up but everything is looking
really clean right I've cleaned the
whole place up everything is looking
super super in its place there's no mess
anyway can't see that TV definitely not
an Xbox one X plugged into that TV with
an xbox one exlusive game title running
on that TV right now no no it's not oh
I'm not that was a joke that's not
happening right now over there there's
the Xbox one Xbox that guys as you can
see I'm tied at the house you ever think
yourself Alex why the hell have you
tidied the house up maybe any guys I
just thought having people over and I
was stressing out so I was like how can
I make this house really cool phone this
old projector under my bed which is like
super old I've nicked my brother's way
it can't be a good old better way sports
when you've had a bit to drink I think
tonight is gonna be really fun if you
guys want to see me unboxing the Xbox
one X which definitely isn't over there
plugged in playing games you can click
here to watch that guys if you're not
subscribe to my daily vlogging channel
this channel right here you can click
here to subscribe guys - and Alex you
guys been awesome guys as always stay
awesome keep smiling
see you guys in tomorrow's day vlog you
ready for it
adios
give me that money
