good morning guys how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex guys I want to
welcome you back to another daily vlog
we have got a handful of things to be
doing today number one well if you guys
haven't seen I've made a big enough deal
out about it oh my god you can't
actually see the hologram because it's
it's like hey when you guys see the
hologram inside the speaker we've got a
whole plethora of new things recently
guys new toys to play with actually
related to sound we've got the
holographic speaker and then yesterday
as you guys saw I went to the shop and
picked up my new LS 50 Wireless --is and
then also a new little baby subwoofer to
go with it I've taken out my massive KL
case of woofer and the old cow kazar in
that box but as you guys can see doing
all of this who's just equated in well
so much cable mess and you guys know
that is not what we're known for on this
channel guys this setup needs fixing up
but first I want to give you guys a
little bit of an update on the server I
can in the love that we have been
putting together everything is looking
proper neat we've got five are installed
in there and all the cables are going
off to the designated places and it's
all color coded that guys has also been
creating a lot of mess that is what this
big box is that you guys have been
talking about but guys we need to go to
the shop this thing it needs fixing up
Sooey then guys I'm but I boots full of
brand-new tools I haven't just bought
things to make the desk better
I bought the tools to do the job because
I lost my drill
as I expected guys yesterday we left the
office after looking at the awesome
lyric speaker in an absolute tip like
look at this see that the box that the
lyric speaker came in considering the
worth of the lyric speaker was like
really bad like I'm surprised it wasn't
broken anyway guys I had a hunch that
we've left the office like this so I
need to I need to try and one reason and
one reason only the reason I am tidying
the office is because I'm having
somebody come here to do some work for
me unfortunately I can't show you guys
because they don't want to be on camera
which I have to respect obviously yeah
I'm hiring I need somebody to help me do
videos and things just like do the jobs
that like just take the time that are
really tedious like my accounting and a
few different things like that so I'm
having somebody in the office today and
I'm meeting them today and I'm gonna see
if I think they're good enough for you
know I'm having somebody come here to do
my odd jobs that I need doing and they
have said that they want to do it
obviously I'm gonna pay them they're
going to be working for me
part-time and I'm meeting them today and
hopefully soon they'll they'll enjoy
being on on-camera that's them now hello
Cheers the chaos in a sec guys they're
downstairs I need to go and get them I'm
gonna spend the afternoon with them by
the time I come back to you guys it's
probably going to be dark but that's why
I've been screwed fix got all the parts
in this evening we're gonna make a hella
hella sick desk your PO thinkin Alex how
can it be any more sick trust me
so guys what I've got ahead and done is
knit down to my well my local hardware
store let me show you what I bought
you need the right tools for the job
hey guys I bought two of these now this
is d-line cable tidy cube it has some
sort of like slit in it as you can see
there as to which you can put cables in
kind of awesome some drinking anybody
think yourself Alex why the setup the
setup looks fine know it but it doesn't
this is not fine guys let's sort this
out so as you guys can see here this is
an absolute nightmare oh my goodness
this this does web comes here and random
cables or cable tie ticket what is going
on all of this has been driving me crazy
let's touch base for a quick second but
I've gone ahead and done here is well as
you guys know my old school set up the
first set when I moved into this house
had had the three wall-mounted monitors
it was like a whole floating setup and I
left the mounts on the wall as you can
see one two well
three I've taken this man off over here
because well there's no need for it to
really be there be probably things
yourself Alex what's the point in the
other mounts being there well one of the
mounts is currently being used for the
exact reason as you can see they make a
great little holder for these absolutely
ginormous power bricks that are needed
to power each three of these 38 inch
ultra lights from LG so what I'm gonna
do is have two of them cable tied to
this one one of them on this one and we
should be all good to go
power going through here data going
through here everything so far is
looking sweet
so guys soup woofer is down they're all
installed as you can see a damn sight
better than it was before you know what
else is a damn sight better just over
here guys look at this so this tubing
that I bought earlier contains all the
cables for the new cap speakers and then
this monitor here look how clean that
looks with that black tube going there
that was an absolute cable mess before
and now there's not
so we thank eyes there we go
so guys as it you can see everything is
looking awesome but it's not the front
that's actually changed to come around
the back as you can see there's next to
no cables and the cables that you can
see are actually in this conduit pipe
now I'll drop a link to that in the
description if you guys that are making
setups want some of that but it's really
nice guy he's having one big black cable
going to the monitors makes it look so
much simpler and there's actually that
much space behind here I've put my today
will be awesome keynote which looks sick
that is a mars bar certified set up for
now though I need to go and work on the
network no guys luke and I this evening
after I redid my desk went ahead and run
some ethnic ports around the house and
tormented them at these wall plates
because as you guys know we're doing the
loft conversion at the moment building
the ultimate loft gaming thing or
whatever we're gonna do up there but the
heart of the loft is the server rack
which I'll get to in just a second yes
this looks messy but the ports have been
ruined we ran to in here a couple have
been ran into my computer room as you
can see in well in my bedroom and I've
got this switch here just testing
everything out so that is running
everything in here my servers my
consoles computer and everything the
last look in suite and then guys we've
also run an Ethernet port into the
lounge as you can see one of them says
rack one that says TV that's because
this one comes from the rack upstairs
feeds into the switch and that one goes
back out to the TV which is in the
lounge on the wall just up there and
there is the philips hue bridge for the
lounge so guys as you can see this is
the rack at the moment it's looking
absolutely awesome butterfat my LEDs are
falling down I need to try and I need to
try and sort that out but as you can see
guys it's looking absolutely sick I've
gone ahead and labeled absolutely
everything everything is labeled that's
the UPS that keeps everything online in
case we have a power outage this is
we get TV here in the UK this is a
skybox and this goes down to all the TVs
via HDMI this is the bank of plug
sockets here everything's labeled
there's still some more things that need
to go in here and these are just some
mikrotik boards that I'm messing around
with at the moment and this is actually
my home network all of this stuff here
and then this is actually going to be
for my wisp how I sell Internet to
people it's still running off that at
the moment up there and I'm gonna move
it all down to this switch and then all
these cables here are gonna go from
there into ports one through six there
and then I've got my edge Ruta there at
the brain of the whole rat and as soon
as we're finished we'll put the glass
door on we'll lock it up we'll turn off
the lights and it was going to look
absolutely awesome so thank eyes I may
as well go ahead and end today's daily
vlog in the loft
I really do guys hope that you have
enjoyed it and if you have a light
rating would be awesome and oh my Jesus
I'm going back to that abandoned place
tomorrow because you guys left like
6,000 likes on the last video which is
absolutely
mental so we'll do that tomorrow but for
now guys my Lisbon Alex wearing a
laughter you guys have been awesome guys
and I'll see you in tomorrow's daily
vlog guys remember to keep smiling stay
positive
guys adios
