from escape engineer and when I start to
stop leader stop stones more you guys
have just witnessed is the extravaganza
that was last night's gaming session
with Toby
good morning guys how are you all doing
money is of course Alex this is how we
game up in here by the way when our
friends over
okay the extra monitor out actually goes
now I came on this monitor
we've got wireless headsets discord
server today guys as usual we've got an
awesome daily vlog so if you know around
here make sure to hit that subscribe
button guys and if you have been
subscribed for a while and you're
enjoying the videos make sure to hit
with a comment telling me why or a light
rating down below or simply go on
twitter follow me on there and let me
know on that okay you want the good news
or the bad news well the good news is
that I'm on the booster boards I'm not
haven't been nine pounds to park the car
however I am probably just about to miss
my train quick
the trains been delayed thank God
aaaah pretty really I'm fine thank you
add you on snapchat
writing lectures gave us in train
stations is usually considered something
that you shouldn't do but this is an
electric skateboard with brakes so I
kind of give myself or let myself off it
has a brake then you can also get off it
use the motor on a boosted board to
propel it forward and it just looks like
a ghost skateboard and everybody looks
it like how is that moving you got your
tears in the bucket and it flows with
care you like me but I'm hearing you
dare judge me for being rude the story
love the cute I have changed because it
feels like you're in 300 feet the
destination is on my left apparently I'm
in the middle of London on a beautiful
board Microsoft guys have invited me to
an event and I think of something to do
with the Scorpio or xbox ok this cars
coming apparently I've arrived it'd be
the same
even miss miss and I'll be the one guys
is a super super weird boxer super super
cool at the same time
so imagine a massive sofa in a penthouse
in the middle of London
surrounded by Samsung TVs and the new
Xbox 1x because I think that be where I
am right now this is mental there's also
some fairly awesome people here selfie
takers don't worry about don't worry
about it look at the Merc this penthouse
is absolutely mental this is a big glass
thing you see the whole of London and
then just below this like an xbox
timeline 2001 2005 13 now 16 and now the
x1 this place goes on forever yes
welcome at you - safe travels back so
guys let me just run you through what
the hell has gone down so Microsoft
dropped me a message and they were like
Alex do you want to come down there like
Alex do you want to come down to a small
event and I was like sure what's going
on understood it's an Xbox of it they
didn't say anything too specific
turns out I'm now on the train home with
1x Oh smell with some awesome youtubers
super stuff was their gadget boy loads
of people this guy's is by far being the
most confusing and baffling 2 hours of
my life thus far this week we have the
AK
in the office this evening guys baths
take up the coat sit down and do just a
little bit just a little bit of work at
the end of the video that I did two days
ago I talked about like losers and
winners and that winners always have a
mentality that if somebody else is being
successful or doing well with some
things they will they will clap their
hands and they will celebrate them and
not say oh this guy doesn't deserve it
or this guy's an idiot
oh I don't think this guy deserves to be
where he is and in that video I
explained that I used to have a
production company as to where I myself
will go and film weddings at I started
doing that when I first started vlogging
a couple of years ago
and I took you guys to a few wedding
shoots and a few different shoots here
and there a lot of you guys were
surprised to hear me say that my media
company still runs like it still makes
media for people it's just that I don't
film it anymore
in that video I pretty much explained
that I get the clients in and then I
find the filmers and I sort of make them
you know shake hands and get to know
each other and then they go and do the
work and I just take a small cut for
linking the hands together hopefully
that makes sense I've got a lot of
questions saying Alex okay that's really
interesting because I thought your
full-time job with YouTube and no guys I
just do this for fun like this is just
my hobby always has been and it always
will be but I do however put it above
certain other aspects of my work because
I really really really I really enjoy
through that guy's I've literally just
walked through the door at home had a
quick banana and an apple and I'm about
to eat a pair look at this five a day
however guys it is time unfortunately
for a quick gym sesh for me today
haven't been in the gym today
at all and anyway I was gonna find time
to do it but it's now 9:50 p.m. so I'm
gonna put some music on do a little
workout and then we'll do guys what
we're all here for I'm gonna go to box
that Xbox 1x and take you guys through
the whole experience with me before I do
that I need to go and get changed
ladies and gentlemen Jim all finished
inside this box I have what is that this
bad robber which really annoyingly split
so difficult to bring this thing home on
the boosted board just because the bag
handle split but we've got bigger fish
to fry because we don't care about the
bag whatsoever we want to see what's
inside of here now this product that is
inside of this box as you guys know
isn't available to the public yet so as
you can see I've got it in a really
really plain box so the actual box isn't
gonna be an Xbox one Xbox obviously they
knew I was carrying this thing to a town
so it's not in its actual box this is
just like a box for me if that makes
sense okay so guys here we are this is
an unboxing of the Xbox one X tell your
friends tell your family okay so okay so
the first thing I am greeted with is
this which i think is just a bit of an
information pack for me yeah this is
just like a compatibility thing and
what's new with the Xbox 1x but we all
know what's new with the Xbox 1x so
underneath that I am then presented ok
so obviously because we are unboxing
you're just a really expensive blu-ray
player here is a copy of 4k Ultra HD
planet Earth 2 by David Attenborough
with HD are no well barely TV I can
actually play this on is the new
streaming room TV so this console is
gonna go live in the streaming room but
that's a nice touch Xbox thank you
always this consult isn't out yet and
Xbox were like massively over the top
with this when they were giving me this
box and said write alex has a present in
there for you which is this that you're
not allowed to show that on camera
I'm also cuz I'm not going to show I'm
going to show that this is the black
with an Xbox logo on it but I'm not
gonna show you what they are which is a
shame because this is wicked I'm not
allowed to show you guys that's not my
fault I'm sorry and also by the way I'm
not allowed to plug this console in I'm
not allowed to plug it in which sounds
ridiculous but all I'm allowed to do as
a box let me show you guys okay which is
pretty cool right okay then what do we
have underneath this
oh okay so it actually is the Xbox one X
okay oh sweet house I actually got like
a proper box and everything Oh guys here
we go this is my official Xbox 1x
unboxings I'm going to take the top off
and then first thing I have is another
Xbox Live Gold Pass so I'm definitely
gonna give one of these away to you guys
yeah okay so guys bang whoever gets that
Xbox Live Gold Pass first wins there we
go Xbox one X there we go Xbox one X
this thing is really heavy like super
heavy so in that side we have at the UK
power cable and in this side we're
probably gonna get a well HDMI cable and
there is an Xbox yes again still
unfortunately going with the double-a
battery approach unfortunately they're
guys the fun stops there well for you it
does not mean I can put this thing in
and play with it which is awesome but
I'm not allowed to do it on camera which
completely sucks so the day I am allowed
to do it the day I am allowed to do it
mark my words I will do a video on this
thing
I promise oh and also drop a thumbs up
and let me know that you have done in
the comment section down below by saying
Alex I dropped a thumbs up because I
want an Xbox 1x giveaway I'll try and
organize a giveaway for the release date
of this thing in the UK if you guys
let's aim for 5,000 likes on this video
giveaway right then guys I've got a
little bit of tidying up to do but I
really hope you have enjoyed today's
vlog guys are gonna end this thing
exactly where I started it as I do every
single day non-stop on this vlog train
guys I'm stopping for nothing can occur
endure in daily videos until I burn out
which won't happen guys because we're
going to stay fit we're gonna stay
strong and we're gonna keep
smiling is to tell you guys to do at the
end of every video so guys if you missed
yesterday's vlog and you want to go
ahead and watch that I'll put a link to
it right here you know subscribe to my
channel you want to be notified when new
videos click right here to subscribe and
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's daily
vlog guys adios
