I'll stop
yeah oh my god no way
bye guys early morning start today sorry
I have an intro properly I'll do it in a
second I don't have the car here I left
it at the office jets did last night bro
I need to get some work done let's take
the board the car is at the office
so guy he's good morning to you all how
are you all doing
I'm not adjusted sure if you can hear me
it's really early I didn't bring a coat
I'm on my way to the office let's do it
is
the barber shops closed
I can't give a haircut okay just one
more day
I promise just look at me for one more
day and then I'll get it cut and no it's
horrible
so guys on how I said good morning out
there on this so guys I know I said good
morning out there on the skateboard I'm
not sure if you heard me guys so again
good morning to you all how are you all
doing my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog I
hate you're out there hurt you're all
smashing it and I hope you're all
chasing them dreams I'm attempting to
this morning just got a quick meetings
literally 40 minutes out of my day for
some traffic problems and all I had to
do was sign something on that piece of
paper just squiggle my name and then so
did somebody else
okay guys I know exactly what's in these
two poor my exactly but I know sort of
what is in these I'm not allowed to open
them until the 30th but this is arrived
this morning I don't know what it is it
says Gillette on it what she looks like
achieving I probably could do with it to
be parapet salad of shavers but I
haven't even whoa why does it say
Gillette what we're gonna find out whoa
world shave headquarters one Gillette
part Boston top secret delivered to
honoree Justice League member Justice
League headquarters
a company dedicated to innovation is
conducting research to be wise they
don't I have no I say to you guys that
sometimes I don't know what company I
don't know what come what is this what
just happened what is this
that's a VR headset this is something I
could pull out right isn't it Lamar just
been stupid the coolest thing about all
of that was that not the razor or that
there's like a veil I have set in there
but the fact that I just open a box that
said top secret on it that I didn't even
know I was getting video started to play
right so Jenna night today July today
are filming videos for Ted flow it's a
really fun day for tech flow because a
lot of the things with them we're just
like boring sort of tech things but
today we're doing a review of the DJI
spark over on take place we're about to
go out right now take off the spark as
well as the DJI inspire and get some
shots from a drone of a drone yeah yeah
from flying drones jelly still out at
the car doing some bits is gonna come in
in just a second we've got a little bit
of work scare I'm with this evening but
I might as well take this opportunity to
let you guys know some things so you
guys know that the house that I live in
right now and obviously you all aware
that I've you know we're doing the new
house which is absolutely awesome but
you guys are well aware that I strut
around this house like nobody else is
here screaming to my camera talking to
you guys walking I'm in the hallway
right now just chatting to you guys of
everything guys that's annoying for the
people that live in this house but
you've got to understand that a lot of
the time this house this house is empty
like my family neither Matt family
members that they like live here ie
sometimes my brother and my stepmom and
then when my dad's home etc they are all
in this house but a lot of the time
they're not even here because as I
mentioned to you guys my family like
work abroad a lot and go away a lot and
you guys get the gist so I'm here in
this house a lot of the time by myself
and you guys know that I was sat in the
office yesterday if you watched
yesterday's vlog if you literally put
the clip right at the start of starting
the office and there's literally kids
outside my office shouting the word like
Mark Walsh and my name's Chad Mars bar
and screaming the word Mars bar and
wolf-whistling and just being like a
little bit intimidating probably just
trying to get my attention but like
you're annoying all the other people
around the area if you literally wolf
whistling and revving your car and
shouting so obviously my office has like
security like 24/7 security but I've
installed a load of cameras around the
house of CCTV this house up right now
I'm not gonna show you guys where the
cameras are obviously but I just thought
it was interesting to let you guys know
that around the outside of the property
I put a load of IP cameras I'd I've got
a camera there and then if you come
through here there's also a camera just
behind there and then if you walk
through it into the kitchen I put a put
a camera just there and then in here
there's a camera just there there's
cameras around in the outside of this
house and pretty much in every room and
I feel super super secure with them they
actually detect humans which is amazing
to save like the outside drive camera
detects a human it goes to my phone I
can log on to it and look at the live
view I just love something really really
awesome it's Luke
I'm testing out it was really simple to
set up so if this thing is good and
worked really well the security system
that I've installed I'll let you guys
know what it's called
you be careful my car don't hit up that
baby's car stops
yeah oh my god no way J just crashed
into your car yeah
no luck legit guys I'm gonna go ahead
and end today's vlog here I'll talk Toby
about his car as far as I can remember I
was telling Jed to avoid hitting my car
and then he reversed into Toby's don't
know that good anyway toe boots alright
we're gonna get it sorted Toby and I've
just sat here and played a few games of
pub G which has been really nice just to
chill out for once gather my thoughts
collect my thoughts and improve but guys
that money's what Alex you guys have
been awesome chaos and keep smiling I
will see you guys in tomorrow's daily
vlog
okay if you miss yesterday so okay if
you're not subscribed I'll see you guys
soon adios
