can you lead your kids outside screaming
my name mad isn't it Matt it's Matt Matt
hey guys good afternoon how are you all
doing my name is of course are this guys
and welcome back to another daily video
the Train guys the train never stops
it's coming through it like right before
today's vlog starts guys I need I need a
coffee
so guys the key nights have you down
there in the comment section down below
tonight it's dark
what's going on guys have a search of
busy day today with work it's been
non-stop I've had loads of problems
which happen fortunately just left me
with an evening to do this with you guys
but that doesn't mean that doesn't mean
hold up that doesn't mean that we can't
do a sick vlog welcome guys
to Mars bar vlogs subscribe if you're
not already too polite rating if you
haven't
we've made it into the office I've been
getting a lot of questions recently a
lot of you guys saying Alex whilst that
button thing that you're pressing it's
obviously not a light switch as soon as
you come into the office whenever you
leave that turns off the lights well I
guess if I take this off then this is
obviously just a standard light switch
that switch there does those lights over
there and then this one does the
spotlights that I installed there I kind
of like it like this it's really cozy
but then this now this is really really
cool it has five buttons on it on off on
off on off and you can literally just
control anything with it like so pretty
much guy that's all it is it's just a
little switch with like five on/off
buttons on it in five like wireless plug
sockets you plug them in bish bash Bosh
it's good I've got a little bit of
velcro on the back of it so it can stay
right there next to my light switch so
it's like a light switch on the wall
they're really cheap guys I'll drop a
link to a set in the description so guys
that loon down in the comment section
being lit up by Alex what is that little
thing you click on the walls tune or the
lights the other thing is axe what's
going on with your hair bro what's going
on with your hair I like she look like
you look like a caveman you're horrible
you're an awful person you literally the
worst person in the world because your
hair is horrible
hey guys what's going on it's me vlog
boy check out my no I am good I'm Coolio
hair over the are they changing color by
themselves I am aware guys of the hair
situation I'm gonna go get it sorted a
very severe you know we went down to
London yesterday and I picked up wait a
minute my brand new Google pixel to XL
which has been I'm not sure if you can
see that but custom engraved on the back
look look just look at it so let me
prove it to you guys this isn't a
sponsored thing yesterday's video wasn't
sponsored and if you haven't watched it
go ahead and watch it Google actually
made me sign an agreement to say that
this isn't an ad and that I can do
anything I want with this phone heck I
can put this thing on eBay if I wanted
to it just blew me away that they
literally made me sign something to say
that this is not an app I'm still gonna
show to you guys it's cool as hell
anyway those are say Google invited me
down there yesterday to London I went
there I didn't know what was going on I
thought there may be a slight chance
that they were gonna give me a pixel -
they did
which is wicked Google functions they
also gave me a custom awesome google bag
with a load of other Google presents
inside of it so I thought we two guys is
making a little sick video unboxing my
gifts from Google that's a mad thing to
say so Google the fact that you giving
me presents must mean that he kind of
liked me a little bit but trust me
I like you a hell of a lot more than you
like me cuz this well guys I'm so
grateful so thank you so guys here is
the Google pixel box obviously I am box
that yesterday in the video with the
custom pixel just there so set off to
one side for now we've got a few other
things to open I feel like I'm gonna
leave these two there so guys what we're
unboxing these I just want to let you
guys know that I've been doing well I've
had a lot of meetings recently about my
merchandise which I'm releasing and I'm
not just releasing like you know just
like bog-standard youtube emerge with
like a t-shirt with my name on it okay
that is a Google home Mini that is
really really really cool Wow okay let
me finish this off I'm not releasing
Bob's done to merch I'm releasing a full
on clothing line yeah don't you guys to
be wearing rubbish okay right enough
with that holy crap this is a Google
home Mini that's really no I can't pump
my unboxing knife anywhere guys I've no
idea is just gonna have to use brute
force from now on welcome to Google home
okay Google are you working the fact
we're having a chinwag would suggest I
am indeed okay it works okay google play
coast is clear
by Skrillex on streaming room playing on
streaming room
we know you look what the hell is a
pixel book pen that's a pixel book isn't
it yep that's a laptop Google gave me a
laptop guys thank you Google I don't
deserve this man this thing has eight
gigs of RAM a seventh gen Intel Core i5
128 gig SSD okay I've never owned I've
never owned used or even touched a pixel
book before so oh wow and that just does
feel really solid
can you teach me kids outside screaming
my name mad isn't it mad it's mad it mad
wait a minute with this laptop us where
you can all that feels so unnerving to
do that oh and now it's a tablet wall
that's it
okay I'm gonna have to do some more
testing of this laptop I've never used a
Chromebook before do you guys have give
me some tips down there in the comments
this thing okay Google how are you doing
this for
okay so all in all Google gave me four
items they gave me the pen they gave me
well the pixel to excel which we unboxed
yesterday and picked it up and it was
absolutely wicked I've got the Google
home Mini which I put back in the box as
well as the pixel book I need to do some
testing on these to give you guys my
final results as usual you can find my
final of a lot of results on tech flight
but for now Google thank you very much I
feel very very very privileged that you
would invite me of all the people to
come down and collect all of this stuff
from you so for the bottom I heart thank
you I'm sure we all appreciate it just
waiting for jet trying me super healthy
so guys it was awesome seeing all that
Google stuff in the office Jed is
currently here we have a load of stuff
on the floor
loads of cameras out ready to record
tech flow and all the vlog action you
can you could even imagine but first bro
what's got something that I want to show
you hit me not even show you away me oh
you always hit you I don't want to show
you it I want you to just stand here
right no no no no yeah and I'm gonna
turn on this new sound system that I've
put in my room that I haven't even shown
the vlog yet right and I just want to
gauge your reaction when I first hear
the bass okay it's all about the bass no
trouble
okay the base is literally that loud
that I've got a text from my neighbor
asking me if it's me that's playing the
loud music if so it's the bass coming
through we need to turn it down it's not
that my neighbors live really close to
me it's that there's two subs under the
desk they're creating a hell of a lot of
vibration like if you go into this room
here yeah as you can see it's knocked
off the there yeah I thought I heard
something go okay so guys I just wanted
to sit down here and have a little chat
with you guys it's been a long time
since I've done this because we're
always so full-on in the vlogs but I
feel like I just want to have a little
bit of a chat I hope all you guys are
doing alright by the way if you're not
feel free to drop me a tweet I'm always
trying to interact with you guys so
let's do my favorite thing to do so feel
free to tweet me snapchat me put it in
the comments and we'll go from there
talking of the comments someone
yesterday's video guys I got invited
down to Google as you guys saw and that
is a massive massive massive deal for me
I absolutely love that fact and I'm
gonna express that through this video as
much as I can because I just think
that's absolutely incredible which it is
and I know maybe some bigger content
creators that wouldn't be such a big a
big deal but for me going down to Google
or getting invited down to Google that's
a big deal and I'm really really proud
of that I'm really proud that something
that I've achieved that we've achieved
on the vlog I think that I think is
absolutely amazing and I want to show
you guys how proud I am of that by by
documenting every single every single
moment of it and bear in mind this is a
vlog so it's meant to portray you know
sort of what I'm doing on a day to day
basis and I try to just do you know the
coolest things rats in a comment on
yesterday's vlog that had six likes and
it was some dude and he was saying like
this this kid was talking about me and
it's coming out six likes it which isn't
a lot but this guy was and obviously
this guy feels this way because he's
physically typed it out on his keyboard
and this guy puts he goes he goes this
guy is so egotistical it's unreal what a
show-off right he says that about me
right dude open your goddamn mind
okay number one
this is a vlog right impaired mind guys
these vlogs are between I'd like to say
seven and 11 minutes long that is
usually my target for my daily videos
and that's something I feel like I go
and cheer every day I say to myself when
I wanted to achieve a goal I wanting to
achieve something or it's something that
I'm wanting to do what I apply my head
is I just pretend I'm learning to swim
every time and the reason I say this to
myself is because if I'm too shallow in
the water I'm not going to learn to swim
but if I go all the way into the deep
end I might drown so what you want to do
is find a bit just where you tiptoeing
on the edge of the water that's where
your best learn and succeed and I say 7
to 10 minutes is perfect for me so in
that 7 to 10 minutes of my video every
single day I try and show you guys the
best things that happen throughout the
day now obviously you guys aren't stupid
you know every single day isn't 10
minutes long for 24 hours long in fact
in my videos I show you guys the
highlights of my day so whether that's
going down to Google for a couple of
hours and going down to London that's
what I'm going to show because it's
really cool it's a really awesome
opportunity and I'm so I'm so proud that
we can we can do that but whatever you
do do not call me a show-off do not call
me a show-off the reason anybody will
call me a show-off is because well I've
obviously got some nice things that I'm
showing off nice things or I'm doing
something that's really cool that most
of the people wouldn't be able to do so
therefore I'm you know showing oh number
1 do these videos are 7 to 10 minutes
long as I've already said there's a lot
more time to that in the day you guys
just see the best things that go on and
number 2 I'm not showing off because
I've worked my damn ass off to get where
I am and get these opportunities like
going to Google and getting the Google
pixel and having it engraved these
things don't come easily if they came
easily everybody in the whole world
would have an engraved Google pixel in
their pocket I'm not trying to show off
this is a vlog there's only 7 to 10
minutes in these videos as I've said and
you guys do not see my whole day you
guys do not know what I'm doing off
camera and per my guys I'm not speaking
to all of you I'm just speaking to this
one individual guy and the rest of the
other people that sort of feel the same
way but I haven't seen any of the
comments really just this one guy that's
just been like you're shearing off not
speaking to all of you guys so just sit
back relax this is just about this guy
that put this and let me tell you what
I'm doing off-camera I'm either editing
this vlog
or I am running my own ISP making sure
that's maintained overcoming problems
with that or I'm choreographing weddings
and not just weddings full-on film
shoots and the reason I lose choreograph
is because I'm organizing it I don't
actually go and shoot anymore I don't
have time really because of this vlog
but my company Mars media is a
production company that still functions
as a production company it gets clients
in I organize people to go and do work
we do weddings we do promotional videos
I don't film or edit them I just put all
the pieces together I get the clients in
I get the film as in make them shake
hands and take a cut I have worked I
have worked for everything I have
there's youtubers out there that are
that's showing their million trillion
dollar mansions off and they're awesome
houses and they're Lambos that they
showing off now of course they're not
showing off that is showing what they
have they burnt it they've worked hard
fair play to them don't be that person
that gets so butthurt because other
people are doing really cool things with
their life and trying to make something
of themselves that it makes you that saw
that you have to then go write a comment
saying oh you're showing off instead if
it hurts you that much go and click the
X put in the top corner and use that
time instead of a write in a comment to
write out a plan right I'll plan to make
yourself better than this person that
you don't like so you can overcome them
and be better than them guys I've met a
lot of successful people and there's one
thing in common with all of these people
and that is they would never hate on
somebody else
that is achieving things or doing
awesome things they would never write
such comments --is oh this guy shows off
all the time if a successful person and
see somebody else achieving success they
clap their hands do the same I'm talking
about one okay one example I could give
you guys is recently well Jed's here me
and Jenna a fan of Logan we love what
he's doing online and recently he's just
in a serious look he's recently just
done a house tour of like a well it's a
million pound house is a multi-million
multi-million pound house a means you
have watched the video of him doing a
house tour on the TV tonight and we're
not sat there saying ah this guy's
showing off no we're stuck there
thinking yeah well done play like this
guys that this guy's a winner like if
you see someone
doing something you need to be happy for
them and that's literally the building
and all of it and if you're going to sit
there be butthurt about it you need to
change that because you're a person
that's going to be a nobody well in that
is the be-all and end-all of it unless
you change that attitude just being
humble isn't it yeah envy a feeling of
discontented or resentful longing
aroused by someone else's possessions
qualities or gnarrk
so guys is this what you want me to vlog
me doing normal everyday things like
laundry but it literally is is it common
quite a secret inside little tip here
Jed and I put both of our phones on the
landing we're about to go into our
separate bedrooms and the reason I found
it on the landing is because we have to
wake up at a ridiculously early time in
morning to get up and go and do a load
of work so we're gonna have to
physically go out bed come into the
landing to turn off the phones hey first
one to the phone chair wins the person
that doesn't get to the phone first has
to go and drive and get Mackey's
breakfast yeah deal right smile more
guys as I say at the end of every video
guys stay awesome
keep smiling be happy and if you're not
feel free to tweet me and we can have a
chat about it I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's day that is the best thing
you have ever done oh my gosh I'll see
you in two rods blog if you missed
yesterday's clicking words that you know
subscribed click here more star remember
I put Jess link in the description I'll
see you guys in some rows block
