today today is a very strange day
because I usually don't oh she didn't
like losing but today today I'm going to
lose I'm gonna lose at one thing and
that's gonna really really annoy me
because I don't like losing
and the reason today guys as to why I've
been defeated there isn't as to why I've
taken a massive L is because the office
is closed I can't go in and get my
electric skateboard therefore I've had
to pay nine pounds to park the car
I can't remember the last time I came to
London without the use of the boosted
board and it's actually without that
board really really boring I used to
love jetting about in this English train
station on the board it was so fun oh
it's just so smooth right so guys I
haven't told you the main reason I'm
down in London today and it's amazing
big reason it's a big reason because I'm
going to go and see well I'm gonna go
and see the big G no no not that G this
G this is Google's HQ
hey guys by the way you see this guy in
the video a lot yeah this guy this is
actually my manager he's a good guy that
makes me laugh it's quite funny by the
way guys let you enjoy the video so far
I'm sat in the kitchen half naked
editing this video so ready I've got a
coffee as well right enjoy the video now
that's amazing okay
I'm gonna talk about the phone it's all
well and good say how this can wind is
this but I wanted to I want to say the
cool things that I want to say you can
do this and it's just really cool so
guys this is mad I'm still in Google's
offices right the second I've got a few
more bits to do there give me a bag full
of like Google tech including the brand
new Google pixel to excel which isn't
even out yet and not only that but I'm
engraving my Google pixel to excel with
my logo with my M logo it's getting in
great
right so I've to put the phone and grave
that bought me into this like dark booth
here my phone my Google pixel is in this
it's right to put record and apparently
there we go now follow it round and it's
gonna start moving around ready on your
well
whoa I just happened
I finished guys at my meeting with the
big G come out with this bag and
engraved a Google pixel to excel which
it's not even out yet and I got it
engraved which is mental in this bag is
also some other tech gifts which Google
have given me will unbox those a little
bit late date just love it when you get
the whole first class courage
ah sweet guys there we are all back into
my beautiful office a two parcels on the
desk that's what I like to see but we've
got other stuff today from Google I love
my life okay guys right there and say
bag number one I'm a normal bag number
two so let me explain to you guys
exactly what exactly what happened today
but before I do that Jesus I'm so so
happy guys I am so so happy that
yesterday I shared with you guys
beautiful people
my new plans or my just my ideas for the
new house as far as the tech is
concerned don't you notice but tech is
kind of my main my main thing like it a
lot okay don't judge me I'm a nerd oh
really guys I really really really
appreciate all of your comments there
was a lot of mixed comments which is
exactly what I wanted an example of a
good comment would be our I like
somebody like your ideas an example of a
mixed comment would be something like
this a lot of people said Alex don't put
the music room in the in the joint
kitchen dining area because the
acoustics will be bad I didn't think of
that and you are 100% right so this is
why I'm so happy that I did that video
as I say guys those were just my ideas
and the reason I wanted to show you guys
was to get that sort of feedback because
I'm gonna make mistakes doing this I'm
sure anybody's gonna make mistakes when
they buy a new house but aren't I lucky
because it's not me buying a new house
it's all of us we're all going to do it
together I'm gonna be as interactive as
I can and listen to what you guys say so
guys use my Twitter my Instagram's and
everything's in the comment section down
below and if you guys can't be bothered
to go down there in the description to
see all of my social media links I'm
gonna pretend to end this vlog right now
all of my social links on the end card
I'll see you in Strasbourg adios
like paddywhack get the women snow suit
out of the way then guys what the hell
has happened today so I went to Google
they invited me down and I thought I
kind of knew what was going on because
they know the pixels just been released
the normal pixel you can buy the pixel
XL you can't yes I've got one right here
you can't buy it
I love having things that people can't
buy it just feels like oh so this guy's
is the Google pixel to excel it's now
yet you can't buy it here it is in all
its glory and look this is a phone that
you can squeeze you don't believe me
look squeeze the phone hey Google how
you doing great thanks what can I do for
you physically squeeze this phone
squeeze man so as well as me having this
phone guys that nobody else can buy
right now which is absolutely awesome I
think there's something that just tops
that a little bit right
this is a Google pixel XL that nobody
else can have not because you can't
physically buy it right now this is a
one-of-a-kind phone and let me tell you
why wait this isn't something I can
really tell you I may as well just show
you ready guys the phone is custom
engraved with my M logo in it that is
custom engraved into the actual device
itself this isn't the skin or anything
from a that is custom engraved into the
actual phone that is my Mars bar logo
look it's engraved it's mad how mad is
that so not only am i holding a brand
new phone that you guys even buy yet
that you can freakin squeeze to access
the assistant it's also custom engraved
with my own logo on it calm down
they also give me this awesome boss ask
google buddies upside down right now but
look at this it
clips on here and then you wouldn't do
it and then it in here I've got that
piece of the google pixel box and then
the hot wait a minute ah there's some
more stuff in there oh what's that
what feels kind of heavy and wait a
minute a geyser just realized the inside
of the bag he's made out of fur
why so soft there's more presents okay
guys we've got presents in there we've
got Amazon parcels here we've got pixels
here any bit of a man one today hasn't
it yeah right guys first off I'm gonna
do two little tests one for the sound
quality of the Google pixel 2 and one
for the picture quality of the Google
pixel - okay this is an iPhone playing a
song this is the Google that's the
iPhone that's the pixel - that's the
iPhone that's the pixel - that's the
iPhone and that's the pixels
- comment below what he thinks better so
guys know he our guys old bag home for
the day back back where we started
I've been all the way to London today
that's mad you guys obviously know if I
go down to London quite a lot in in this
vlog I live I live a long way away from
London I probably make it look like a
live super close no no no I live like
halfway up the country from London crazy
that I'd go down there so much but I do
i do just love London the Train the
trains pretty fast anyway you guys I'm
super super happy that Google chose me
and a few select others to come and pick
up a Google pixel - and especially the
Google pencil - early before it's even
out and then go and get it custom
engraved I think it looks sweet-ass guys
if I put this custom Mars bar edition
google pixel to excel on ebay Dracon
itself for loads more than you actually
can buy them for just because it's like
a custom one joke and that'll be a thing
look at that look at that it's very
subtle but you can just see the am logo
anyway guys I'm gonna go
head and get some rest for today guys -
man Alex you guys have been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smiling I really do
hate you enjoying the vlogs and pumping
them out left right and centre every day
bro with that marzipan anyway guys - Mel
likes you guys Ben also gonna stay
awesome keep smiling remember that last
bit guys you missed yesterday's vlog
watch it right here
I talked to the new plans about my new
house and then click here if you're not
subscribed to my channel you can see
this Mowgli mug every day I need a
haircut I know that I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys ready for it
adios nicknack paddywhack give the
women's snow
