Sunday morning and wanting to make a
change and the thought it's made this
change guys because well I've been
slacking loads slacking my own books
because guys the more exercise you do
the more endorphins you have and the
more endorphins you have that happier
you are and I want to be really happy
and really positive as cringes that
sounds it's the truth
okay sweet guys back from a really
really messy breakfast with Jordan this
morning he said to me he's going out
into town this evening and he wants me
to go and pick him up at like 3:00 a.m.
tonight so that's gonna be fun drunk
Jordan so guys I wanted to talk about
something today something this on the
back of my door and has been for the
last maybe three weeks this this is the
house that I bought for us guys and
everybody's been saying Alex do a plans
of the new house video what are you
gonna do in each and every room Alex
tell us your thoughts and the more
thoughts about it I thought hey that's a
pretty cool idea because I've got a few
little plans in my head and I want to
run them through with you guys and of
course get your two cents on it too so
guys without further ado let's do a well
so far my plans for the new house let's
do this
right so guys I've got something really
interesting on these well ten pieces of
paper that we need to go through in
today's vlog and I'm super super stoked
for doing this believe it or not what
we're about to do in today's vlog I
haven't even gone through in my own head
yet and I'm just gonna dive straight
into it with you guys in a video I feel
a it's gonna be the most authentic way
of doing this it's cold in here in this
Sunday evening however guys before we
get into that I've got some really
really exciting news and trust me
it's really really exciting well
nice-nice gets cool it's cool news
Friday night so if all of you guys not
only watched episode 2 of building the
ultimate live-streaming room did that
but then watched all the way to the end
you'll seen that in here in the console
area of this whole room I installed a
hidden UV light now you have to be in
here to actually see it because if
you're out here guys no matter how low
you go you can't see it it's awesome if
you guys watched a vlog that I did a
couple of weeks but I explain to you
guys why install the lights and it's
because of these panes now Alex what
were you gonna do with these paints if
you didn't watch the vlog I'm not gonna
tell you you should have watched the
vlogs you know my joking guys we have
set out to paint the Xbox one and the
PlayStation 4 in these different colors
brush paint all over them and then when
the lights are off in here and just the
LEDs are on these consoles will light up
with the UV pain in the UV light whoa
are we lucky that I waited because I
open my skype the other day and I never
use Skype I never use Skype and on those
a message from slick drops and they said
your lips and mozzie puns what's
crack-a-lackin' slick raps what's going
on why were we talking about
and they said no Alex what are you
talking about with all this UV light
stuff in the UV paint now we're doing
mate you should have been in contact I
said look what were you getting at
what's going on and they pretty much
said that they're sending out to
consoles and Xbox one and a PlayStation
4 and the reason these consoles are
going to be really cool slick crap said
it's because they're going to be
designed around UV these things are
gonna glow
apparently like mad guys my overhead
Rick I'm really proud of this thing by
the way I built it myself it's pretty
much just a bit of wood along here and
then these joists here and then it goes
up and then you push this bar across
here pretty much guys just Gorillapod
the camera to here and it looks straight
down and it's a little wicked overhead
rig right then guys let's do this this
is gonna be really really exciting
so guys this here is the ground floor of
the house right here this is the front
door of the house you enter the house
right here this here guys is the patio
area and then all of this is the garden
this big room here is the kitchen this
is a utility room this is the stairs
this is a bathroom this is a lobby and
then this is a TV room and these these
are my plans in three two one so guys in
the TV room here in the wall where the
door is we have a motorized projector
screen that comes down when you click a
button on the wall so you come in you
close the door
you click the button the projector
screen comes down and then over here
above this big sofa on the roof there's
a projector and this will be like a
massive 100 inch 4k screen a projection
screen this is the cinema room or the TV
room or just the casual
watching TV room it can have a surround
sound system it can be awesome moving in
over to the kitchen and living space
over here we have like a kitchen with a
center unit here which is all built in I
was thinking of putting a table here
like a dining table and then having this
as a bit of a music space because I love
music and I usually love music as well
when I'm cooking so if we could combine
that with the kitchen that would be
amazing
of thinking of having a sofa there a
sofa they're putting a little coffee
table they're having a TV mounted on the
wall there and then having a krk speaker
system set up here for listening to
music and then this is the utility room
as well as it's being utility room for
washers and dryers and different things
like that I'm also gonna have this as a
media server room this is gonna run like
a media server computer which can run
into this TV and also send the input
over here to the projector now then guys
as I've mentioned to you in the past in
these vlogs I've said to you that I want
to knock a wall through when it's being
built or when it is built and a lot of
you the intelligent ones have said Alex
why don't you just ask the
not to build a wall and I've queried
about this apparently that's not a thing
I can do they just have to build it to
what they're told to and then afterwards
I can just go in and knock down the
walls these walls are worn and up down
there only plasterboard yes it's gonna
make some mess but it is doable now do
you guys like floor plan number one or
floor plan number two and I've modified
these in Photoshop and this will make
this my room so this room here will
always be my room and then this is where
things change so we're either have this
as the office or this one as the office
that would then leave this as the spare
bedroom or this as the spare bedroom I
quite like floorplan number two I think
the office space is really quirky rather
than just one big long room but I'll
leave that I'll leave that one to you
guys to decide but now guys
unfortunately it all stops here I can't
go ahead and design the upstairs rooms
because I don't know what I want to do
yet and I need you guys to help me plan
one or two please decide okay guys we've
got a slight problem this a giver why
did that got over two hundred thousand
entries I picked the first winner live
on this vlog it says in the terms of
conditions you get 48 hours to reply I
left it a week I thought that was fair
enough it didn't reply I then picked a
new winner live on this vlog it's now
been six days I haven't heard back from
him either I know there's so many of you
guys out there they'll probably like
Alex are on the phone just give it to me
I can't guys Chucky's dm's I pick a new
winner in two days without being said
guys I really need to go and pick up
Jordan let's do this
got a girlfriend right then guys I've
got some client work to go and finish
off this evening before it gets to 1:00
a.m. I'm gonna try and get that done
Jordan has been dropped off I picked up
him down drop to my back at home I've
now arrived back home as I say guys mr.
can do this work so today guys marks the
first day while we've started designing
the inside of the new house and I'm
absolutely stoked I cannot wait
hey guys help me down there the comment
section down below I can't wait to read
through what you guys have said but for
now guys my name's Ben Alex you guys
have been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling and it's gonna feed the cats
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's daily
vlog if you missed yesterday's click
right here and watch it you're not
subscribed to my channel click here and
then also turn on that bell I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's vlog adios
