don't start the video with the side
don't start the video with the side
don't start the video with the sigh I'm
not gonna sigh don't sigh
guys there's a problem a very big
problem I'm very very very annoyed and I
don't get annoyed very often if
something bad comes along or something
bad crops up or something bad happens
I'm usually very good at rationalizing
things I think it's something that
everybody should learn it's a good skill
to have rationalizing bad things and
putting things into perspective but this
has really ticked me off and you guys
are probably gonna sit there and watch
this and think Alex this isn't a big
deal just chill out bro it's not a big
deal don't worry about it and if you are
gonna say that I would appreciate it
right because I feel like I've let you
guys down as I do every single day I'm a
daily vlogger right I do daily videos on
YouTube I wake up every day to make a
video obviously I'd do other bits with
my life but I try my best and have been
doing for the past year and a half for
everyone two years to make a video every
single day now I think I've been doing
pretty relevant irony of that has just
shown today because I started
yesterday's vlog which should be up
right now you guys should be watching
yesterday's vlog right now instead of
this rubbish thing that I'm doing right
now she's just awful I said at the start
of yesterday's vlog right which you
should be watching right now guys I'm so
happy that we're doing this daily vlog
and I'm so happy that we've kept up the
streak but the irony of it is you guys
aren't gonna see a vlog today the not
I'm so annoyed and absolutely furious
yesterday's vlog the vlog that you guys
should be seeing now was meant to be a
really good one I put a lot of time and
effort into it
we did and then we went to an abandoned
building and we did some stuff with the
car it was a really really cool vlog
I've spent the last three hours of today
editing it and it's now three in the
afternoon I started at midday it's now 3
in the afternoon
and as I was editing it
a thing pops up on the computer from my
editing software and it says like I'll
show exactly what it says look so here's
all the edit the vlog that you guys
should be seeing this is what widen it
is so finally take me about three hours
to do all of this bit here cuz it was
quite like an it look or the little cuts
and stuff now as you guys can see it
says media offline so I didn't think to
myself I'm like okay what what does
media offline means that mean the media
is not there can the program not find
that the clips so me hold I open up the
vlog folder which had all the clips in
this folder is empty I open up the
recycle bin there's nothing in the
recycle bin this folder is empty the
only thing I have left from this edit is
a few GoPro clips that didn't get
deleted first control is off I've done a
window search for the files and I can't
find them anywhere I don't know what
happened
Windows has just deleted all of the vlog
clips without asking me if I wanted to
delete them
I was literally mid edit and then it
just went then it was gone and that was
it alright now I've got a program
running which is scanning the computer
for deleted files so far it hasn't found
anything and I don't think it will
they have just vanished and I have no
idea what where they've gone or what's
happened I know it's just so frustrating
it only got super but Alex aren't they
still on the SD card that you recorded
them on the camera and know as soon as I
import the clips onto the computer I
have to format the SD card because the
next day I have to start up a brand new
vlog so I format my card after the
import and imported them they were all
there I got halfway through the edit
format the card and they've just
vanished and I don't know what to do and
look from this guy's I just want to see
that I'm super super frustrated and I'm
also super super sorry I try my best
every single day to make videos for you
guys and I'm super proud of that the
streak and doing the daily vlogs just
learn I have a lot of pride in man and I
hate letting you guys down and I really
from me to you guys I I hope I haven't I
just want you guys to know that I try my
best to do this every single day and
that's all I'm all I'm pretty much
trying to say guys I'm sorry for for no
vlog I really hope guys that there's
some other youtubers out there this
evening in your subscription boxes that
you can keep you entertained whilst I
have failed to do so again I'm really
sorry I hope you understand I will see
you guys in tomorrow
Blagh so guys I just downloaded this
free wizard it said free and then I
downloaded and it said to get it to work
properly you have to pay $60 for an
activation code so I've paid the $60 and
I think it's found the files which are
all of these files here but when I try
and recover the files then try to play
them it just says that they're not
recognizable files I think they're just
