Oh England a new weather you will never
never fail to disappoint me yo guys how
we all doing my name is of course Alice
guys and welcome back to another another
daily vlog let's do this paper
how you doing a little mini version of a
tiger look it's literally just a little
mini tiger isn't he you don't follow
Burton around make sure you follow him
link in the description you are just the
best cat ever look you can just you can
just push him over and it's just so
chill about everything that he just
loves life
oh no I forgot that it's Friday the
traffic's awful I'm already really late
for a meeting
hello just nipping into the office this
morning to simply grab my notebook
Friday morning guys first meeting let's
get the animates well into a little bit
some more go from there cheers mates
little bit guys Monday morning it's nice
Mondays Fry's Friday Friday's meeting
over and done with let me show you what
my notes look like from a meeting it's
really strange because I think if you
looked at them only I would be able to
understand them by the way this is
relation my favorite book ever it's like
a leather wallet like notebook with
YouTube on it so cool don't do two
videos this is the plan for the first
video and then this is the plan for the
second video come on tell you guys nice
just yet but I'm working for one of my
favorite up literally my favorite
clothing shop in where I live not going
to tell you guys merge for pretty much
I'm doing some video work for them which
includes some massive brands like well
you see this butterfly here and then
really really cool stuff do you think
I've just done a little bit well a
little bit maybe two hours work on my
laptop it has now died so I am ceasing
work I can't work anymore need to go
home before I get on with today's video
guys random random little fact of the
day if you guys watch any video on
YouTube with the word fidget spinner in
the title and you skip forward a little
bit to where it's not loading instead of
the normal YouTube loading animation a
fidget spinner spins round I'm not sure
if it does it on mobile but it
definitely does it on desktop I just
thought that was really really sweet
thumbs are first we transition guys
right there's two things that need
sorting out one of them guys and yes I
know I'm in desperate need of a haircut
just like like what is that like I'm
gonna get this sorted out soon as guys
unfortunately I can't do anything about
that today but what I can do something
about is all of this now I have some
amazing news the guys over a call said
that organizing my brand-new PC to be
built and custom edged I've just emailed
me and said that it's gonna be ready in
the next week for pickup it's been
months I've been waiting for this PC
phone and it's gonna be absolutely
awesome getting the new PC and taking
this off and putting the new PC here but
I need to preface to you guys that the
PC looks absolutely awesome it's gonna
be one of the best PCs you have ever
seen in your entire life
it's just incredible trust me on my
words on that I'm not lying
it's insane I've seen pictures of it I
it's just amazing I think that's just
amazing about it is that the whole thing
is made out of glass the case the PC
case is pretty much just all glass and
as you can see surrounding this PC is
just cables and horrible cable trunking
I can't really hide the cables but what
I can do is kind of make the cables look
a little bit prettier and I think that's
exactly what we need to do today in
preparation for the new PC let's go pick
up some bits
Oh for a Friday evening after 6 o'clock
the traffic's absolutely fine Allah
there's no traffic here at all right
screw fix is the home of men that taught
business I've got my screw fix card I'm
not gonna take the camera in there cuz
there's men that talk business in there
I'm trying to say is everybody in screw
fix is quite intimidating so I'll see
you guys in two seconds when I bought a
load of gear there we go got all the
bits in here and then I also got this
long piece of conduit which just isn't
gonna fit in my car it's got to go out
the roof so you guys know Jacob my
brother he's not very well he's not
feeling very well so I'm gonna go
surprise him
so guys here we are I've bought all of
this stuff for the set up well the set
at the back end of the set up in there
what we were talking about earlier and
I'm hoping that all of this stuff is
gonna make it look really really awesome
before we get to work I promised my
longtime friend Charles who's never seen
my office
that if he got a train down this evening
I'd let him see the office and his train
gets in in like 20 minutes so I'm gonna
go see him show him the office and then
we're gonna make this thing look awesome
but first guys literally can't go wrong
with a four cheese ravioli for choose
raviolis on my favorite thing ever I
absolutely love you can pick these
things up from anywhere they're just
ready meals before cheese ravioli oh my
god give me one of these I'm in heaven
right here we go this is Charles first
time seeing the office there you go bro
what do you think of that that's mad is
it cool so the things in the room are
bigger but the room looks smaller
yeah think that's what the majority of
people say cuz I shoot these vlogs with
a wide-angle lens that makes the room
look huge in fact the room is quite
small it's just the things in it
I'm massive like the desk is massive but
the room isn't really that big click the
not the dimmer switch the one in the
middle so what's the switch yep and then
that will do the early days yeah you
have do you really have to be in here to
understand how cool is the fusion of the
weave
and dolby atmos oh my god nicer than
charles bro what do you think of the
office first course absolutely on a
different level
dude I'm happy to hear that is it better
than is it better than the videos oh
yeah ten times but a lot of million
times better of it absolutely amazing
you heard it here first
so here we are guys I'm back and I'm
back for one reason and one reason only
and that is to get that room ready for
the new PC Charles absolutely loved
seeing the office after seeing it over
the numerous years through this camera
and he also said that it's a lot better
in person but a little bit smaller than
on the camera right I've gone ahead and
bought some conduit some moveable
conduit ft Stanley knife and two rounded
junction boxes and with all of this I'm
gonna try and make it look absolutely
awesome in there guys let's do this
ah I just lent back and put my finger
right in the nail and it must have gone
a couple of MIL into my finger all that
absolutely kills
so guys there we are all finished so
guys if I'm just go ahead here and put
some lights on in this room I'll try and
talk you guys through what I've done so
take a little glance of it there now you
can see it's so much cleaner than it was
before just comes up there straight
across there and then you have the
monitor cables coming out of there we'll
try and answer all of your questions
because I know you've got at least one
so Alex what did it look like before
what was going on well this is what went
down there's two holes in this wall but
look absolutely horrible
then let's you just holes cut out in the
wall so covering them I had these
awesome little good to start with a
couple of years to go they look cool but
as you can see every time they've
started to get a little bit deformed and
now they're starting to look a little
bit tacky so they were over the horrible
holes in the wall and then the cables
just came out of these as soon as the
cables came out of these little black
mesh little thing went straight into
cable trunking and across there and then
across there and it looks really weird
because you could see like two
centimeters of cable coming out of these
black little wall plates and then they
went into the tray just look really
tacky
do what I've done here guys he's had one
single entry point over to the computer
which is this cable here and the cables
that come up there they go into a single
junction box as you can see put this
into here and then across there and into
the computer problem solved one piece of
cable trunking gone I've also repainted
all of the wall as well this will have
those and marks and stuff all over it so
it's been repainted
now these shoddy painted white cables
are the cables for the monitors the
display port cables now Alex why have
you painted them white and done like a
really shoddy job doing well essentially
I painted it white to see what they're
gonna look like when it's one because my
original plan was to have this conduit
cables surrounding the monitor cables
the conduit for them for it to come out
and then round to here but unfortunately
it was super difficult to get the cable
inside the conduit I just gave up in the
end I tried cutting the conduit open and
I even tried burning it got nowhere so
I'm gonna have to find some flexible
conduit to put these cables in and then
that will look absolutely awesome and
that guys is what I've done the whole
thing looks a lot cleaner a lot nicer
and overall it looks fresh so guys the
PC should be coming in the next couple
of weeks then we'll get it installed I
genuinely cannot wait to show you guys
then
PC as you can see my current one is
definitely dying it's turned on again
but I keep having this issue where I
turn it on and nothing happens that
screen just goes white and that's it
meeting over and done with today with my
clients which was awesome I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's daily vlog guys you
missed yesterday's you can click here to
watch it if you're not subscribed to my
channel you can clear right here for
daily videos I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog a very great
Friday adios
