thank you miss
so unfortunately I'm leaving Manchester
today which means I'm leaving Maria
which is a big shame but I get to go
back to my office in my room in my house
and things like that you should looking
forward to so we thought well come out
just a little bit of shopping
grab a little bit of food just before I
get my train back by the way the weather
is awful
today my baby's in a bit
so let's forget myself on three trains
home three different connections my
first train has been majorly delayed
because no other trains back I've been
told to go and speak to a station
supervisor this isn't gonna be a fun
evening so guys I'm finally back in my
office and have a little bit of a life
lessons to share with you guys right now
so I've just been on a train back from
Manchester if you guys don't know I live
I live in a small town called Newark
upon Trent usually takes to get from
Manchester where my girlfriend is all
the way back to Newark on Trent via
train with usually one change about two
hours and 20 minutes I've been on trains
today for about four hours it's
currently 15 minutes to midnight and I
have absolutely nothing recorded good
Manchester as I mentioned it usually
takes one change we see this trend that
I went on well there was three changes
involved regardless of how many changes
there are on your train journey if your
first train is severely delayed you're
not gonna catch the changes and that by
is exactly what happened to me I was
getting really really really really
stressed out because it was getting
later later later on in the evening I
thought I wasn't going to make it back
home then physically wasn't any trains
back to where I live in Newark I
eventually will put it this way but not
about five different trains I've made at
home everything is fine I'm actually
only about an hour late I was already
stressing out on the train
really really stressing out being really
annoyed with myself because I haven't
planned properly even though none of
this was my fault but here's the little
life lesson that I learned from this
just try your best not to stress because
in the end everything worked out fine
and I was a little stress head on the
train and there was absolutely no need
for it I'm fine I'm in the office
everything everything's all good we've
got a parcels worth it so much you guys
are more than aware I'm partial to a
nice electric skateboard I like
skateboarding and I always have the
story pretty much goes ever since I was
younger me and my friend Chris used to
bomb about on normal skateboards doing
tricks you know I used to do that to
skate parks I was pretty good on a
normal skateboard and I never really
understood back in the day when I used
to love skateboarding the obsession with
people buying long boards I didn't see
the whole point of it the only point I
saw in a skateboard was doing was doing
tricks and stuff at the skate park that
was the only thing I got from it and I
was pretty good at it
now fast forward to 2017 guys and I've
got a whole room in my office dedicated
to Electric skateboards keeping them
charged up keep them the maintaining and
keeping them clean and why is that now I
have all those Electric skateboards in
there and those I get a lot of questions
Alex should I buy an electric skateboard
Alex elective skateboards very good Alex
do you use yours all the time Alex what
why do you have them and I can tell you
guys there's numerous reasons as to why
I own numerous Electric skateboards the
first one is that well Electric
skateboards are a new thing it's a new
technology and Ally technology
especially new technology and I want to
check you out and see what it's all
about preferably so I could tell you
guys and the second reason is that
pretty much I use these things
legitimately to save money
very very very subjective thing as to
where you live in the world maybe if you
live somewhere in a big town they may be
useful for you maybe feel in a small
town really out of the way they're not
gonna be useful for you but this is my
use as you guys know I'm down in London
a lot and as you guys know I'm also down
in Manchester a lot two of the biggest
cities in the whole of the UK of the
week to get and for me to get to both of
those places I have to go to the train
station now the train station is five
minutes drive from my office but it's
about two minutes on an electric
skateboard now the reason is quick on an
electric skateboard isn't the main
fracture as to why I use it the reason
why I use this is because every time I
want to park my car at the train station
it costs me 9 pound 50 and also when I
arrive at my destination ie when I
arrive in Manchester and I have to get
from the Manchester train station to get
to Marya I would usually have to do an
uber which would cost me about 8 pounds
again no payment just use the board and
then another plus in Manchester and
London traffic it's probably quicker to
go on one of these than being a car so
the mini yes guys is one of them being
an awesome new bit of tech and then
being very very fun to drive these are
also in the end gonna pay for themselves
and earn themselves money these things
are awesome for me but it really really
depends on where you live and what your
circumstances are that's why I have a
really hard time recommending them
because it's all about you and where you
live and what you're gonna do with it
this is a brand new board now guys this
is called the Flex eboard
by a company called slick revolution and
as you can see I have two slick
revolution boards here and then the
booster board version 2 with like the
dual motors it's at the top end boosted
ball I want to sit here and be fully
transparent with you guys the boosted
board is a absolutely trumps this it
trumps it in every way other than the
battery life I ought to be fully
transparent with you and let you know
that I bought this booster boys my own
money and slick revolution send all of
that Boers to me but they also don't pay
me to say anything I will sit here and
I'll tell you that
boosted board is much better than this
like revolution board but this is where
slick revs new board comes in this is
going to be going head-to-head with the
boosted board and it has some pretty
awesome features that the boosted board
doesn't happen that's gonna make this a
very very good competition but I'm gonna
go out and ride it guys with my two
cents on it compare it logically in my
brain to the boosted board and possibly
tomorrow or sometime over the weekend
give you guys my little head-to-head
comparison
okay guys this thing is sick I like it
yes it has lights on the front under
that's sick this thing's really cool hey
guys why is it for my first stage of
testing the slip Revolutions brand new
board the kyvan buy yet it also comes
with this really cool cake the board
didn't have a tendency to throw me off
there are times I'm going to put that
down to this board still not being in
production it's kind of like a beta
board at the moment as I say it's not
available for purchase yet they're still
working on it this thing is sick
so guys oh just as you guys can see
chatting with my good friend you know
it's of a good friend Jamie you know we
can't we go way back anyway that's
besides the point
I was replying to a tweet that he put
out a picture tweet which had this
picture in it if you guys know the name
of these certain types of light that is
on the roof let me know down in the
comments hopefully by the time I put
this video alive I'll I remembered
myself if I haven't can you guys join my
memory I'd also love it if you guys
could tell me if you like them or not
and you think they're cool or you just
think they're tacky or you think they're
wicked I think they'd look absolutely
awesome but there are there are two
sides of a setup or even just on the
wall anyway guys I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog here I really do hate
you enjoying it a little bit of info for
you the new PC the Mars bar v2 amaz will
be coming very very soon and as I big up
enough for you guys I promise that it is
going to be amazing anyway guys if
you've enjoyed today's video a like
rating would mean the absolute world to
me and if you didn't don't dislike tell
me why in the comment section down below
but for now guys man it's been Alex you
guys been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling
click here if you missed yesterday's
video click here to subscribe if you're
not already Dave vlogs every day I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's one
