so it's been out for a run in Manchester
but you know I've got my heart racing
more the fact that my phone fell out my
pocket halfway around the run and I lost
it in the middle of a park in busy
Manchester I thought I was never gonna
see it again it was very very stressful
of what I was never gonna see my phone
again before run had a shower found my
phone with Manchester it's shopping time
everybody Alex approach yeah good day
good you can definitely tell with the
night's getting ever so slightly darker
every single day and now the fact that
they're literally putting up the
Christmas decorations this year this
year he's just gone so fast that if
that's because I'm growing up or life is
just speeding up because I'm growing up
isn't it
okay guys I'll be babe hi Maya
Amaya proper youtuber yet I feel like a
proper YouTube and now I'm wearing a bit
of babe
can't go wrong no I thought oh that's
very sweet scene as Manchester see this
is a 15 time of the year to start
installing the Christmas lights I think
I might buy a jumper preparing myself
for this cold season that's my thought
in behind today's purchase I don't have
many jumpers so let me talk about
something I like to reason myself
there's two reasons behind this it's
going to keep me warm with the winter
and it's also well other classified as a
real youtuber got Bape on
absolutely starving then a little bit of
shopping Tamara and I are gonna come for
some food in unknown restaurant I'm not
gonna tell you guys what this place is
called at all and I love walking through
here with a camera because everybody
everybody looks at you mad
the SuperDrive has got an amazing music
taste my legend thank you mate five
stars I thank you very much
you go you go that's my thinking face
okay so obviously all of you guys know
that I come to Manchester for one reason
to see Maria my girlfriend every two
weeks so I'm down here today and I was
thinking right I want to film a video
with Maria and I'm not going to do %
sure what to do so answer YouTube just
to see what everybody else was doing and
this is what comes up if you type in
with my girlfriend into YouTube and you
get all stuff like shopping we've done
that today my girlfriend's first time
which is just no God cure my girlfriend
and they're quite clearly kissing and
then you've got all good on Morgan and
was just over serger laughs taking the
picture awkward Q&A with girlfriend
you've got the rest out and all this
people kissing and quite frankly I don't
really want to exploit my girlfriend for
views so what I thought we'd do is do to
all of you guys have want me to do for
ages and that is for me to rate your
game themselves and I thought why to is
bringing Maria to do it with me and
we've said that we're going to do it
called the Mia rating and this is gonna
be Maria's rating of your set up out of
10 she's gonna be looking at whether
it's cute
well did you say just whether it's cute
is that it yeah so that further adue of
my thought of you guys and snapchat me
and tweet me pictures of setups let's
see what we got okay these are all cells
from you guys now I think this one is
really really nice it's very very simple
I can't even tell what's going on he's
even put the caption pretty simple and
it's not enough going
a bit boring it's a bit boring yeah
there's nothing but you need a cactus
okay bro I thing with this I'm with I'm
with Mayer on there she need to add a
cactus or just something or just
something you know I'm myself about the
school at the top which gives it that
like personal vibe which is like what
something I've always wanted
add something to the cell if you want
that something you've always wanted
Marie said of cactus it'll add color to
it at the same time okay whoa V guy if
that's what you say it watch your
thoughts on that
that's pretty mad I don't like it I like
the picture it's a very nice especially
well the actual picture is taken yeah
his master's bidding the mouse is pretty
yeah you like his Mouse dude I'm liking
in the RGB keyboard and mouse that is
absolutely sweetening various just
picked up on
I am appreciating the cable management
okay well management terms well it's
either a sneaky hole or the cables
running behind speaker on the left but
dude move the cable from the back of the
monitor and routes it right next to the
back of the monitor stand and then you
wait even see it from the angle of the
photo and that look even sweeter but
dude I'm giving that I'm giving that a
solid eight out of ten that's a sweet
little setup what's your rating you
don't need you can have an a good name
for me today the purple the purple yeah
favorite color see that is cool I'll
look at the light I know that's what I
saw here eyes have been how submit to
photos in here this is the first one and
then this is the second one right here
wait you saying okay I like the light
the light what do you like about the
light that is a cool well the one the
old-fashioned like the old Mike but they
look like they're little action figures
on the show little spaceships okay so do
my take on this is that I absolutely
love it this is an absolutely gorgeous
setup and I even love how clean the
inside of the pieces I love the fact
that you've made that so clean on the
inside of that PC that it is you put it
up on the desk just because the whole
thing is so clean and you've carried on
did the blue or purple from the PC on
the LED inside to the back of the desk
and then that lump on that side of the
desk looks absolutely awesome I don't
know if it would ruin it if you put the
exact same lamp on the
as I don't have that would be too much
but you could experiment with that that
would be my take away saying could you
get color triangles or is it no way
everything's blue in limits you see
that's the thing but you can't get color
change you can eight and a half in a
half a turn
dude I'm sticking with an eight on this
one but dude keep it up that's sick
ten at ten you got character okay I
can't so assume now I'll see me now we
were actually reviewing this one so this
is a setup by e^x
and here's three minutes picture and
this looks like a setup
judging by the MacBook and cameras for
photography or videography it's got a
single monitor there okay yourself
really suits your needs and again like I
said about the cactus and the bottles of
ACE if that's your style and that's your
style man if that's what you like is
that your personal touch thing go for it
what I'd be saying with this though is
get rid of that get rid of that beat
speaker get some studio monitors or a
set of desktops because of Amazon for
like 13 or something with like a to a
2.1 system or something with a nice
little someone to the desk they'll do it
just this nicer sound quality than that
little speaker then you can use that
when you're going out and about other
than that looks like it's doing the job
for you man keep it up it's a laptop
down I actually asked you guys on
snapchat to send me some of your setup
and you guys went absolutely mad so
let's see what's going on here so what
do you think one thing you can change
given one thing okay even if you are a
very tall human there's no way you can
reach that whiteboard so move it's the
size and put a poster there or like an
item like GLaDOS know I've got or just
something at the top of the room to a
place where that the way the comment
sections going mad right now and I'm
saying dude I love it I think it's
awesome I love the bonsai tree because
I've always the bonsai tray said it's
really hard to keep but sort the cables
out bro you have like a really easy desk
to sort out cables and just get some
trim can put it on the back of the leg
absolutely sorted living - dude that's
sick I'm giving you a 7 out of 10 for
that one 8 sorted refresh it let's just
tap on the top one see what's going on
what is it I'm not watching it okay
that'll be it for reviewing the
subscriber setups episode 1 pump through
this again let me know in the comment
section down below and I'll try and make
it maybe a weekly thing with or without
Maria there we go because do I not need
to whisper
gonna be this loud is that fine yeah but
then when I do my video I'm like really
a ninja cos I'm not in a mood or
anything it's just I'm not allowed to be
loud I'm fine don't don't I'm absolutely
fine I'm just not allowed to be loud so
guys I really hate you've enjoyed
today's video if you have guys are like
rotating would be awesome and as usual
you can watch yesterday's vlog right
here what they do yesterday oh yeah
it was a sync blog go watch if you
didn't already erased some minis you're
not subscribed click here and I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog yes
guys
