Alexa turn off all the lights
believe believe
believe
guys how are y'all doing hi name is of
course Alex guys and welcome back to
another daily vlog hope y'all okay out
there accomplishing your dreams as usual
guys will chat to me about anything we
should implement witted that is where I
am most active
anyway just for the video starts though
unless you guys if you're on all rights
if you're not I wanted to chat to me
about it because I care about you and
also guys if you new around here you're
not subscribe to the channel be sure to
smash that big red subscribe button and
turn on the ding the bell the
notifications that definitely wasn't me
just getting a text and if a little bit
of today's vlog guys excites you what
you think it's cool a like rating would
be awesome and let me know or what bit
it was down in the comments because
today today we've got a cool day
it's all I wanna do
all right so guys it's extremely
extremely windy today but I'm gonna come
and sit in this car just so I can speak
to you so you guys know Assistant Luke
how's your foot bro it's sorted there we
go so I've brought link with me today
because many have given me three cars of
my choice to drive we've got this one
which is actually a mini electric car it
literally doesn't make any noise there's
no noise coming from it which is awesome
I've got what's called a Clubman s and
then we've also got another John Cooper
Works with us an extra person who's
gonna be driving around following us
just so I can switch to that car a
little bit late so other than that it's
just a little bit of a fun day driving
some cool cars and I hope you guys enjoy
it let's do this
sweet rather me so got these cars for
the day
watch on ethics review some country
roads and then gave some food and then
do some drone shots and some cool bits
like that it's over to me mate
I'm not sure for you guys to be able to
hear this
this thing this thing is like a big
off-road car and this is a jcw John
Cooper Works same as mine except it's a
countryman it has wait a minute
Luke confirm this has 228 brake
horsepower which doesn't know what to 60
in about 6.5 seconds I believe so that
is what I am in right now and it's a
massive unit right you ready fernando's
see what you're in the the cooper s i
don't think they make too much noise
compared to john cooper works like this
so I'm at sniffing out the sound quality
of the audio system what we said built
up area right now let's put this morning
sport tell me if it sounds any good on
scene as the light goes really mad I'll
give it some
sounds crazy that's not good that not
sounding so it'll be even fuller in this
car park
oh this is sec this says a lot deeper
than yours I know what you mean
and it's finished right then guys so
because I parked in a very odd location
and you have to try and just climb over
here but lucky in this rather large mini
I've got a lot of space to maneuver the
car oh there we go start her up
this has been a really really fun day
Brighton guys so this for a little mini
day with just driving around with a few
minutes is almost over before we go I
wanted to try something right we're in
the MINI Clubman coupe rush right now
and as you can see it has these really
cool doors that open on the back like
that so I'm gonna sit in here we're on a
private road and what I've got here is
the DJI inspire 1 and this is a genius
idea that I've thought of obviously
because the DJI drone has a gimbal in it
we can now drive so if Luke starts to
drive you can see that it's really
gimbal eyes on the back of the car so
let's see you guys what footage we can
get
three-two-one
Rylee guys absolutely awesome day today
with the mini guys it was just such a
cool opportunity to go and drive all
those cars and just make a fun little
vlog not all sponsors or anything in any
way shape or form they just hit me up in
the lot Alex trying to come drive some
cars and I said yes that is pretty much
the extent of it and I just thought it
was a really really cool thing to do
which it was I really enjoyed it and I
hope you guys did too
so guys tonight I am so guys tonight I
am traveling somewhere everything I need
is in this bag that includes my laptop a
GoPro a drone my wallet my money my
clothes for where I'm going on all of my
USBC accessories and all of my charges
and all of my portable batteries and all
of my Wi-Fi dongles in essence
everything I need to correct daily
videos and YouTube is it in this bag
excluding this camera I've been doing
these videos for so long now but I've
narrowed it down to just this bag that I
need to take anywhere in the world with
me to carry on doing these daily vlog
guys legit like every time I come busses
car park am i haha I'm not paying nine
pound to park the car now why would I do
that that's a bit silly isn't it
these Electric skateboards they're
wicked it's genuinely give it a couple
years it'll paid for itself
trust me unless unless I break it which
please don't break board because I'll
need you getting on with a little bit of
editing on the train nothing there's
some fans down
my new favorite thing about going to
Manchester obviously other than see my
girlfriend is what I get here and I get
off the train I could just ride the
booster board and it is so fun on these
roads
believe it so I wanted to
frothing guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog here in Maria's well I'm
not in Mraz we uni fly I mean like that
the back of it like a light rating would
be wicked guys if you didn't enjoy it
live a dislike and tell me why in the
comments section down below but for now
guys my name's Ben Alex you guys have
been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling click here if you missed
yesterday's video click here if you want
to subscribe if you're not already and
I'll see you in tomorrow's one you ready
