coolie guys how are you all doing my
name is of course honest guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog where
we're keeping it awesome we're showing
you cool things today today is a day
about audio but first last night I have
my friend Barney over so guys Monday
morning today fresh new week for brand
new opportunities as I've just told you
I have my friend Barney over last night
he's still here are thinking this bare
room a bomb told you I said to you guys
a lot of you say Alex how are you always
so happy how are you oh so positive and
how you're is in a great mood it's
because I surround myself with with
great people they always say that the
top five people you hang around with are
a great reflection of yourself so guys
choose choose your friends wisely bond
is absolutely loving all the things I've
been showing him I've showed him the
brand-new the brand new lyric speaker
which is just mental he's seen the new
speakers what are you thinking of them
bro they're pretty cool they are really
good with indifference and absolute back
in some way it's been well it was an
incredible night an incredible night
filled with music out of the ls 50s and
I'm going to pick up my new babies today
and I'm so excited yeah I'm getting my
new ones today yeah
today yeah I'm just getting it desperate
yeah
my life hey guys this morning rocking a
birds cool t-shirt if you guys want to
go ahead and pick up some merch I'm
pretty sure Barney's rocking the white
vertical hoodie which is my favorite
piece of merch you guys as always is
down in the description but hold up a
sec I need to close okay so you guys
know my friend Barney he's upstairs as
I've just said he came over last night
he's been one of my best friends for a
very long time and as a lot of you know
he actually went traveling I went out
too to see him he pretty much depleted
his entire fund and he's come back into
the UK with nothing and Barney
absolutely loves cars as do i and I know
a lot of you guys do self got a plan
last night we added Barney onto my
insurance for the day just the day and
I'm gonna let him just take my car out
with me obviously and you guys and if
his reaction to the fast car my car is
is really good and he really likes it
I'm gonna do something very special for
him and I think you guys can just about
guess what it is but he's got to really
really really get excited about driving
my car you think you know what I'm gonna
do for him put it down in the comments
and that's gonna see if he wants to take
the car
bro you ready yeah is wet roads
please don't crash my baby okay deal
this is illuminate guys I militias put
my shoes on a barn is just cool show me
this video no this isn't enough training
that is me about the jump off this thing
look at that that's me jumping down
there
we're making sure the boobs is all clear
so it's very very light is it clear
yeah I think we're clear right there
mate
you get in the passenger seat and I'm
gonna take us on a route that's gonna go
ahead and get us to a destination as to
where you can drive the car but on the
way it'll warm it up so reversing out
the drive right here you can see there's
Barney's whip you're enjoying the i-10
mate is it bad in this car huh maybe
yeah maybe won't you have a little Drive
make your opinion might just change mini
as well do not I mean it's like a it's a
small little cars good about it's not
sure you're for yeah
it's right for anyone you don't have to
drive a Porsche or be like really
showing in people's faces yeah but you
can still write so this is an abandoned
petrol station and you can pull over in
here and then pull out and do a launch
control on the road yeah so this is it
yeah so down this road here it's a
straight road no one ever uses it right
then bro you're getting the driver side
are you ready for this you're scared so
we're gonna go straight into launch
control mode definitely gonna require
seatbelts for this one so driving
position feeling good turn the car on
press that what you put on the brake the
co-star now the car started now I hung
this little gear stick lever on there
like that yeah what we need to do is
wait for that to flash and if it doesn't
flash which it isn't flashing we need to
double click it and then why it will do
is it'll flash loads that's open the
exhaust that's what exhausts right right
and now put it into sport like that now
it's in sport it's knowing gear yeah
yeah so now if you were to Rev on the
screen it will show you talked and yours
power
I have a gun without launch control
first okay yeah sure
is that menthol oh that mental
is ridiculous its mass the same
fastest car you've ever driven but it
flat on the accelerator until you see a
flag go go now now flip evil freak
loving it
there you go
the acceleration in something that just
looked like a normal mini company and
that is the point but I always tried to
prove to people but you'll never know
unless you drive this car he's had so
many modifications into it it's this
isn't a normal mini it's just not that
was class good so he goes so it's fairly
obvious that Barney really enjoyed
driving the car today I'm not gonna tell
you guys as I've said what I'm thinking
of doing for Barney but let me just tell
you this it's something mental it'll be
a present for him and he will he will
absolutely lose his mind
but for now I need to take these
speakers off my desk and take them back
to the shop my new ones have arrived
come here is just something new for me
to look at Wow
so guys if you think with me for a long
time you'll know I've been a fan of well
actual records and sound and about two
years ago I bought a 50 pound record
player and I got home and I was really
disappointed because the sound quality
just wasn't what I expected everyone was
saying it's amazing I then at one point
was in Manchester with my girlfriend and
I was in an uber and the uber driver
actually owned a record shop and I spoke
to him and I said look what's the craic
with the sound quality of vinyl is he
actually better he then replied with
it's all a myth viola is not better than
your standard CD and I believed him up
until me hearing this this is the best
sound I've ever heard
and it's coming off a vinyl so I'll put
a link to this in the description if you
want a vinyl player this is probably the
one to get I don't know much about these
things but all I know is I've heard this
playing through these and it is the best
sound quality I have ever heard look how
cool this thing is so guys vinyl is
vinyl if you like it it actually sounds
really good and I asked them to set this
up for me because these are the guys
they know what they're talking about but
the reason I've actually come down here
is because well I'm picking up my LS 50s
today they're in the box they're white
they're rose gold they are awesome and
really heavy all of you guys were like
just go ahead and do it you love your
music these are the best speakers they
were legendary Awards buy them so I did
the things I do for you guys
as you can see they just do look
fantastic I wouldn't say they look
fantastic on my desk because well I
really need some black ones for my desk
but I bought these guys with the new
house in mind yes I'm going to be using
these in the kitchen at the new house
and at the kitchen they will look
absolutely phenomenal because the whole
kitchen is white glass marble granite so
these things that will look absolutely
awesome
on the desk not so much but the
speaker's themselves being rose gold
with the white glossy finish just
absolutely gorgeous support one more
thing to go along with them and I didn't
tell you because I wanted to surprise
you
so guys as you can see I have installed
the little tiny little baby subwoofer
down there I'll drop a link to all this
stuff in the description that I opened
to the guys this is now all of my or
much rather all of ours this is
absolutely awesome and I'm not gonna
have the speakers on full blast cuz I
need to what's called break them in when
you get some new speakers you should
have them full blast you to break them
in we do but oh yeah sorry that's what
you're saying I'm sorry I forgot I
didn't really hear you down there nice
you're loving it we do have a lot to
tidy up there guys so we're gonna go
ahead and do that tomorrow this vlog is
ghetto long enough we've done too many
awesome things guys so for now
mine is been Alex you guys have an
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
and I'll see you in tomorrow's daily
vlog guys
