if you live in the UK you'll have heard
that today is a little bit different
than usual because today the sky looks
like this
the Sun today has been absolutely mental
all right guys just pulling up at the
post office this morning to take well
this parcel into the post office that's
what I need to do right now I need to
send this post I do so many giveaways
for you guys oh by the way talking about
giveaways
speaking of giveaways the winner I
picked for the iPhone 8 plus giveaway
hasn't replied at all guys good so I'm
going to be picking a new winner of the
iPhone a giveaway at the end of this
video so make sure you watch it and also
make sure he replies to the damn I'm
gonna give you 24 hours this time I'm
gonna joking as I've said it you'd
literally shoot yourself in the foot if
you'd realize you'd won the giveaway and
just not claimed it picking a new winner
for this bad boy this evening speaking
of iPhones I'm gonna make today's vlog
about iPhones but first I've got a quick
meeting
it rains it
star mate thank you very much rather
make yes although I've been in touch
about the location of the gym sizes the
guy whose yeah I'll be in touch with
them yes if I get him down bro
appreciate my thank you very much
meeting over at mass things picked up a
load of clothes they do me like percent
discount
the reason I had a meeting at Mars
things today the clothing shop by always
going at my clothes from is because well
they want a promotional video shooting
and of course they want me to do it for
them so that was a little meeting about
that I've had to do this shot with the
skateboard about 15 times has he met of
people that have come up to me saying
are you Mars bar genuinely genuinely
like if you seeing this don't be afraid
to come up to me I don't buy very nice
most the time do not be afraid you'll be
people writing guns back into the office
more leather stuff from the shop and I
was never tried it on in Mustangs but
you know it's kind of just a bit rushed
so before I go ahead and take off all of
the labels I've got this really really
nice like puffer jacket which you just
well she's really nice considering it's
getting up to like winter now getting
colder and darker earlier and I don't
like that I really really really like
this okay now this one's gorgeous Oh day
522 Mars bar is now currently making
another gaming setup he's already made
about 15 million gaming setups but he's
making another one this one it's so cozy
nice and warm I keep it on and then and
then I got a good-for-nothing tee
I bought these items of clothing just to
tide me over until my own clothing line
comes out because as soon as that drops
by the way guys I'm not doing what every
other youtuber doesn't just put their
name on a white t-shirt we're doing
doing somewhat better than that as soon
as all my new clothing line and new
merch drops guys I'll let you guys know
and that is what I'll be wearing so guys
a very strange Amazon package arrives
and there is no it's very strange is
because it is an Amazon package but well
for number one I know what's inside it
and number two it's an Amazon package
that's not from Amazon and inside it is
an iPhone 10 or iPhone X the box oh
there is like I don't have an actual
iPhone actually anybody does they have a
good relationship over here in England
with a with a mobile carrier called II
II and I'll speak
to one of their high up guys and I'm
really not sure I'm gonna get in trouble
by saying that put this mobile carrier
ad who I'm really close to they said
that they were filming an advert you
know it an advert for TV about the
iPhone X right an apple sends somebody
out to them on set right with a
briefcase with the phone inside it this
is how serious all this advertising
stuff is and they said to me that
whenever they wait to get the phone out
to use it in the advert the Apple guy
literally came over undid the briefcase
gave them the iPhone X and then as soon
as they finished filming with it it was
back in the briefcase like it didn't
spend any time unless it was being shown
to a camera outside the briefcase like
how serious is that nonetheless guys
some dude got in touch with me and was
like Alex I've got an iPhone Xbox so he
said do I want to check it out and well
subside down for a start
yeah and I suggested there's no phones
inside just a pair of lightning air pods
and a charging cable but the box looks
like the sort of size of an iPhone X
like it says 16 gigabytes on it and I'm
sure they don't even do a 16 gigabyte
iPhone X so it's probably like a but
that's all I'm pretty legit Wow that's
that feels sick now the reason I'm doing
this video is I'm super interested in in
technology and in Apple specifically and
in I just love Apple how they do
everything I love it so it got me
thinking and I've been looking into a
lot about the iPhone X and I wanted to
share my thoughts and I want you guys to
share yours down in the comment section
whether you are an iPhone user or an
Android user I just want your lots of
people and even bigger tech reviewers on
YouTube have come out and said that they
feel like they're not even going to be
able to get the iPhone a study done show
that an estimation of a hundred and
fifty million people are going to buy
the iPhone X an Apple for the release
date are only making 10 million handsets
only 10 million around the whole world
that's all that's gonna be there we can
all sit here and chat things for days
but the bottom line of it is 10 years
ago when Apple unveiled the first iPhone
it revolutionized phones
it just it did no it wasn't no it wasn't
the FIR
first smartphone but that phone the
first iPhone revolutionized how the next
decade of phones were going to be with
screens with touchscreens no keyboards
minimal buttons cameras you guys get the
gist
and back then Apple loved it because
they were very far in the lead but now
other companies like Samsung LG y a
Google and my personal opinion now those
Android phones out there that far
surpass an iPhone in certain categories
that's why in the last three to four
years the number of users on Android has
increased now some of the tech that's in
the iPhone X and specifically face ID is
a very questionable thing but boy what
do you have to say when you trying
something brand new for the first time
you have to be completely fearless and
that's exactly what Apple are being and
it's either gonna work in their favor or
it's gonna come around and slap them on
the arm now a screen to body ratio is
the amount of the screen size that fills
the actual phone size and with the
iPhone X or iPhone 10 they're going for
a fairly bezel-less design now bezel as
phones have been around on the Android
part for a long time now but what Apple
have been doing in the last three to
four years which is why they've fallen
behind is they've lack android do it
first and then they've kind of just
copied but then done it a little bit
better for example I can hardly ever
place an Android phone on a wireless
charging pad without having to like get
it perfectly right for it to charge with
my iPhone eight I just took it on no
matter where it lands it starts charging
that's an example of that that's just
gonna be incredible and I just don't
think Apple would release a product that
wasn't incredible so for those of you
that have been asking that has been my
thoughts on the iPhone X I think it is
going to be either one
a revolutionary masterpiece or two just
a massive fail and I'm hoping I'm hoping
for the masterpiece and also for the
fail because it will make a good video
so I did come to the shop with the hopes
for buying something to eat for tea but
I think I've got those of stuff in that
I need to eat so instead of wasting the
opportunity for me to the shop just go
she's gonna buy one of these this has
definitely turned into me coming here to
try and get something nice and healthy
patita just an absolute disaster
so guys just consumed a little bit of
food I was getting quite hungry feeling
a little bit like a pig though guys so
so guys just a quick gym sesh sweet when
you're in the gym I always have music on
so there we go guys I feel a little less
a little less bad about eating that
chocolate sometime in their future that
I bought in a shop earlier after that
gym session right it's time to pick the
winner for the new iPhone a let's give a
massive shout out to one of you guys one
of my fans one of my subscribers called
George he's brought my attention that
people are going around pretending to be
me telling them that they have won an
item that I'm giving away in return for
that person then give him across their
mobile number and their address assuming
to probably attack them so talking about
me getting in contact with you if it's
on any of my social media accounts me
telling you that you've won a giveaway
either being on snapchat Instagram
Facebook what is it
Twitter absolutely anything that's a
direct message with an account click on
the person's account that sent you that
message and just double check that it is
actually me before passing your
information off it's fairly evident all
of my legitimate social media links and
add-ons are down in the description ok
guys so now we've got that out of the
way I'm gonna pick a new winner you can
also go ahead and click winner and then
click agree pick win shout out to George
maggot dude who dropped you a DM on
Twitter please respond don't make me
pick another winner anyway guys you've
enjoyed today's video a like rating
would be wicked and if you still heard
at this point in the video comment
insane really cheap LED panel to keep
your lit and I'll see you guys in what
I'm hoping to be tomorrow's insane vlog
guys adios
