yo guys what's going on my name is of
course Alex guys and welcome back to
another daily vlog another day in the
life of me you here for new guys be sure
to smash that subscribe button hit that
bell if you haven't already and if
you've been around there for ages and
you're loving the videos I like racing
and a comment down below telling me so
would mean the absolute world to me I've
been doing a lot of videos about the new
house guys and that is because it's been
taking up a lot of my time recently as I
say all day today that's why it's that
right now I've been doing stuff and
planning things in the new house but
what I thought I'd do today building
Jacobs ultimate set up Jacob be my
little brother part number three and the
next part thinking he needs a new TV but
I didn't have a new TV to give him so
I've sort of been postponing it but you
guys have seen that LG gave us that
massive 42 inch TV I think Jacob is
downstairs in the lounge right now let's
go and speak to him and see if he wants
to do one of these videos with me and
well pimp is set up for the third time
by the way guys Jacob absolutely loves
being on these vlogs but he's super
super shy so please bear that in mind
he's only what is he eight he's been
telling me for ages that he wants a new
TV because the one he's got like it is
pretty much broken hey bro wait a minute
that's my video you watching my vlogs
eventually Ian is walking to the lounge
like an air my invoice house really
weird I brought that video let's focus
on this video so then bro put the
football down come sit next to me so are
you wanting to do a video of me today or
not yeah you wonder video everything
today what should we do a video on what
about you setup yeah well I've actually
had some problems with the TV it keeps
freezing what the TV in the in the
playroom yeah right so how about we get
a new TV don't worry about that mate
don't worry about the shots being closed
we got your bro we got your bro we got
you bro
yeah those early days you can change the
color of them appear looks if you click
that the color of the LED lights that
actually changes
you know in your locks you do some slow
motion slow motion walk you want oh you
don't know come with the stairs in slow
motion is that we talking about do you
want to do that you just be careful
going up there I'll show ya turn the
LEDs on mate which is that one so you
click that there you go yeah ps4 Xbox
one well unfortunately Jacob this TV is
very very very expensive so I can't give
you this one so Jacob I'm sure the
question everybody's wanting to know is
when I've done the episode of building
this ultimate live streaming room the
episode where we get the cameras in and
it starts all working are you gonna come
and sit up here with me play some games
and livestream yeah yeah keep it down
for that yeah come and spend the evening
in the office with me and do some of
that cool who say don't jump will help
the camera windscreen mirror by Jacob
you sit here and this is the chair that
sitting when I do all of my videos so
what we're here for we're here to get
you a TV right so right Jacob or to go
around the room right and then point at
the TV that you think we're gonna take
back to your house for you the one that
I'm going to give you for your setup
right which one do you think it is that
one or that one and you know it's not
that one what's make what makes you say
you know it's not that one answer me
this what screen in here looks like it's
the most out of place no 2 behind picks
the 2 behind the big screen ok but what
if I told you that the TV that I'm gonna
give you today for your little gaming
setup at home is this big one here
that's on what
yeah no genuinely this one's massive
isn't it Timmy I'll do the job right so
Jacob we need to try and get this TV
home you can help me yeah let's do it
what yours Electric's get with the mini
one
yeah that's your little baby one isn't
it
no ketchup
you got the cable so this is the plan
isn't it what we're gonna do it took
place in the car on the way back so
we're gonna move on we your whole
cabinet here get rid of your last TV
that doesn't really work put the whole
cabinet underneath that bar there that
we did in episode 2 I know from that to
that over here yeah oh my god
we're coming guys he's here oh that's my
enough mentalize that's huge
oh my god
yeah hey is he good like it
I figure LEDs as well look on the back
of the thing look going up behind luck
with old straight down the back but we
don't know what control but yes you need
to find the controllers they can change
the color of them I'm not sure where you
put it loads bigger Manolos bigger boom
good job bro
it's cold outside today guys
it's Sunday though and what new do every
Sunday it's Q&A Sunday let's jump right
into the first question
Raven says hashtag ask Mars would you
said that your family's financial status
has helped you achieve what you have
I assume you meaning the fact that my
dad works very very very very hard and
he's a very driven man do I think that
his Drive and his success has helped me
with YouTube not all not at all my dad
has nothing to do with my channel he's
never on camera he doesn't like being on
camera back in the day when I was doing
YouTube and I sat at my computer making
Minecraft videos that's how I got into
this by saying help you achieve what you
have I assume you're talking about the
success that I have been brought onto on
YouTube and I absolutely love it you
know I wouldn't call myself like a
insanely successful youtuber but I am
happy in my MV I love what we're doing I
love this little crew that we've got
here I love the daily vlogs I love doing
videos on the main channel a lot of my
pick up on YouTube was because my house
got robbed and me building setups I mean
heck swings and roundabouts like I could
have been in a totally different house
and built a totally different set up and
it could have got done even better or
you know something could have happened
it's just doing YouTube is literally
just chance and vice that is the be all
and end all of it and one perfect person
that can back this up is my friend Ryan
Franklin I've been friends with vine
Franklin for a very very very long time
now like literally years and he was
making daily videos for absolutely ages
getting 300 views a day 400 views a day
and now he's thought they were the big
he's pulling like 40,000 views a day per
video Ryan Gigi I'm living the grind bro
in a blog a couple of days ago said
you're going to knock through all the
walls of the new house for an office so
are you going to be keeping the current
office and yes of course so I can sit
here all day and say hey guys I've got a
four bed house but realistically it's
got four bedrooms in the house I'm
buying because it's a it's a it's a it's
not a massive house it has four bedrooms
all the rooms in the house are quite
small I'm not quite sure why they're
doing that so what I'm gonna do is
because I'm not really ever gonna have
that amount of people sleeping in my
house and if I do they can sleep on the
sofa downstairs what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to knock through the wall between
bedroom three and bedroom four turn that
into one long office jobs are good in
and of course I'll be keeping my office
in town because I love my office in town
that's like one of my sets for making
these vlogs and stuff I like to go to
the office to make these videos Alex
what tips would you give people who are
trying to start their own business okay
so the saying goes if you're doing
something for the first time you have to
be completely fearless so that is my one
tip to anybody starting up their
business go into it be completely
fearless and absolutely smash it either
defer to you through the day about my or
one of my business plans where I'm
selling broadband to my neighbors who
aren't in the fortunate position to have
good broadband that had a video on that
the other day and what I did was I told
you guys oh hey I'm sat here now with
I'm sorry here now with like 3040
clients on the network but what I didn't
show you guys was the fact that before
it all started I was walking around with
little leaflets knocking on people's
doors trying to plead them to come over
to me I didn't show you guys that hustle
all that did was tell you guys hey it's
all awesome but no it's going to be
difficult it's always going to be
difficult well I think guys we've got a
little bit of a problem occurring right
now because well as you guys saw I've
just done a Q&A outside and it was
really cold outside I had a jumper on
the Dina the pole but strangely guys for
the last week I'm not sure what's
happening because in this room it's just
been really hot and I'm dying like
literally I moved half of my networking
stuff up into the loft it didn't make a
difference nothing has changed I haven't
added I've only taken things out of this
room I'm an idiot but I'm not an idiot
the radiator is turned off I don't know
what you guys are gonna come
Alex you've got about 50 million
trillion screams in about fifteen
trillion billion lights everywhere in
the whole entire room in your entire
life cause it's gonna be hot you dingbat
nothing has changed I've had all of this
stuff in here for like the last two
years and it's never been as hot as this
I know what it is it's the radio isn't
here it's the tower II know that's
freezing what is that nothing is even
hot but man's heart man is hot in every
guy's what I try to figure out what the
hell is going on with the heat in this
room I'm gonna go ahead and end this
Sunday vlog here guys I really do from
the bottom of my heart hope that you
guys enjoyed the video if you have a
little I could be wicked and maybe a
comment just a comment saying you
enjoyed the video I'd be working I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog you missed
yesterday's you can click right here if
you're not subscribed to my channel and
Claire right here I'll see you guys
there's a rise of love you ready for it
ready
