guys today's the day today is the day
this day changes the rest of my life
genuinely this day changes the rest of
my life this is mad
let me flee my room first
so guys the reason why is because it's
really special I'm really absolutely
awesome because I have some incredible
news for you guys
absolutely incredible so you guys know
I've been in two minds about how I can't
believe I'm saying this but buying a
house under the privileged for you guys
are taking you around some show homes to
show you what the house will look like
inside it's not built yet it's going to
be built it has an estimated build date
of January end of March next year so
like less than half a year away and let
me zoom to you guys should not do it do
you guys think we should do it would it
be cool would it be too much stress for
me do you think we should just get a
house and have a house and the main
majority response from you guys has just
been absolutely phenomenal the amount of
support you guys have given me has been
insane so just want to thank you guys
right now for all of that and all the
help through it this has been like a
massive deal for me I'm back buying a
house and it also feels weird saying I'm
only 20 I feel younger than 20 like I
still feel like I'm 18 so again guys as
usual thank you from the bottom of my
heart for giving me all the support that
I've needed to go through and do this
I'm going this morning to put the
deposit down on the house
no I genuinely the nerves going through
me right now are absolutely mad
so guys the deal is done well the house
has kind of been reserved so nobody else
has the opportunity to look at it or
going inquire about it that plot that
exact one Ivan talked to you guys about
is now ours which is absolutely awesome
I'm now currently I'm not really meant
to be here but I'm allowed to walk down
the building's like where all the houses
are so these are gonna be all my
neighbor's houses and then I am on this
corner here and it's mine this is
absolutely look how pretty the sky is
that's mad so guys there we go the deed
has been done the one thing I really
hate about this office every time I come
into it is that the windows face the
wrong way so that like past 11:00 a.m.
there's no Sun in here it looks dark
honestly guys looking into this house
and making sure making the right
decision has opened my eyes there's so
much stuff like one of the main selling
points of the house was I think they say
it's it's a south-facing house I think
all the CERN it faces a certain way
therefore it's in the Sun for a long
time so the house is generally very
bright and light and nice oh god oh god
I touch the keyboard I touch the
keyboard in there and the big and the
big screens come on Oh God this thing
still amazes me the response time of it
for the size of it it's just insane what
the hell so yes guys the deed is done
the house so deposits down I have paid
the deposit is that's it the house is
done I just weird honestly going that
and seeing the like that the floor plans
of it is just absolutely insane or you
could just genuinely install like a
camera there permanently just to watch
all the houses build up in time-lapse
the whole process for like four or five
months however long it's gonna take but
this is mad guys deposits down we're all
good boys this I haven't ordered
anything so I've now I
loads of black boxes urban jewel one
preview classic two stone genuine
leather stitch man's bracelet with free
gift box a Miam leather adjustable
premium king worthy I assume this
company's just sent me a load of leather
bracelets oh wow wow I love this one so
urban jewel thank you for the jewels so
guys a major reason why I feel so
confident in purchasing this property
the new Mars penthouse the new team 11
house the reason why I'm so confident in
doing it is because I know that you guys
are gonna be with me every step of the
way and that really brings warm to my
heart and here's why what I'm doing is
overshadowing all of the negatives about
owning your own house like all the bills
you have to pay and all the bad things
that are gonna happen it's just gonna be
stressful
I'm overshadowing all of that guys with
the amount of fun and the amount of
thrill we're going to get out of it and
it pretty much starts here so the house
is gonna be ready in genuine for very
large start of April so not a lot we're
gonna need to figure out what we're
going to do in each and every room of
the house so for example let's talk
about the lounge or some people call it
the TV room the I don't know what you
call it a room Wade watch telly do we
install a proper motorized projection
system with like a 4k projector in the
roof and have it is like a cinema room
with like a Dolby Atmos surround sound
in there and have a full-on cinema room
and then in the house it's like a joint
kitchen forward slash like live eat area
they call it in there we could have like
an awesome like 65 inch little 4k okay
whatever it is TV in there something mad
and then the thing is guys it's actually
a four-bed house a four-bed house but
what I'm gonna do is knock a wall down
between bedroom 3 and bedroom 4 and turn
that space into one massive office for
us to do live streams from make videos
in make an ultimate set up do some bits
from in there so guys what I'm gonna be
doing throughout this is doing polls on
my Instagram story and on Twitter with
pictures so if you guys don't follow me
on my social medias make sure you do
that we down there in the description of
this video oh there we go
welcome to the first video telling you
guys about me buying a house I just
bought just bought a house I've just
bought a house Wow a four minute without
the hype though
or stuck in the dark like the lights
Roker there it is you see that lump
there that's just flickering up there
right okay I'm gonna park the car next
to it get out and try and record a
really cool cinemagraph
down low okay Nando's okay matey yeah
yes how's the foot
still not bad not not not it's not at
its best
nothing it's best Lisa limping about
nose hopping poppy about in about the
crutches you losing them no I'm gonna
we'll go without them look how would you
feel if I told you this was my second
Nando's today how's the leg doing bro
and you back to being my assistant again
now who as long as mr. new balls curbs
yes right as long as nothing involves
curbs is back at being the assistant
myself
