no I don't have time to open that we
need to we need to go oh good there's
just a dead mouse on the floor brilliant
thanks cats Betsy was that you but was
at you guys I don't have time for this
I'm in a rush I need to go
so guys if he was watching my vlogs a
year ago you'll know that one day last
year I rushed to London to see an old
friend
so guys and remember Charles yes we went
to London last year now Charles is one
of my old friends we first met our EGX
rezzed did it like 2015 2014 back when I
was like a tiny little youtuber chasing
a massive dream we met up and then met
up next year at the next egx event and
then from then on we just became like
really good friends and then we don't
live close together so we met up in
London last year and now you're actually
attending uni in a town that I live in
or live very close to so this is this is
really really cool so we thought we'd go
on a little little Nando's day and I'm a
little bit of a catch up so quick meal
day over with Charles out at Nando's
dude next week next Friday you live
close it's not an excuse to not come
down to the office exactly needs to come
down and visit yeah yeah that's Friday
we're gonna do it right dude
guys Oh No I've only got 13 miles left
at the time can you drive and see it
so guys brilliant morning with my friend
Charles it's awesome and having a
catch-up and it's really really awesome
that he's literally 15 minutes drive
away in good traffic from me now so I'm
a each other through YouTube and the
friendship just grew from there wanna
see what my face is being lit by right
now suggest you watch yesterday's video
because look at this right guys seen as
I've lured you all in by the title of
the video I'm going to be explaining
today and I wouldn't usually explain
something like this we'll go into detail
with it but I get so many questions
about this I just need to put it to rest
and answer your guys queries Alex how do
you sell internet to people Alex Howard
20 years old are you your own individual
ISP Internet service provider Alex how
the hell do you do it Alex can I do it
Alex this Alex that okay a snow day for
opening parcels two days a day for me to
tell you guys how I'm my own ISP
but first guys I need to get to home
base just pick up a few bits
now then guys legitimately all I've come
to home base for today is some of these
other things this is exactly what we
need for our project this will be a
little bit clearer a little bit later I
would usually never talk about I'm gonna
tell you guys how I sell Internet to
people no guys you have to realize with
this usually with most business plans
that are successful they come along with
a lot of luck and that is exactly what
this is
I am very I'm very lucky because I live
in an area that has really bad internet
so all the people that live around me
are absolutely gasping for a strong
connection a faster connection a better
internet connection that is why I am
lucky here I can go to pretty much
anyone that lives close to me and say
hey do you want to internet from me I
can offer you up to 50 Meg's a second
nine times out of ten they're gonna say
yes because where I live right now round
this area the max you get down the phone
line is one or two Meg and you literally
can't even watch YouTube on that so
everybody is just gonna say yes to me
and that guys is why I'm saying to you
I'm looking look is 100 percent involved
in how amazing this is and the reason
it's so amazing is because it's because
I could literally go to sleep and never
wake up and the company will just keep
earning revenue every single month
obviously though it's been an incredible
amounts of work trying to get this set
up and I'm gonna tell you guys how I do
it today now in an ideal world it tennis
lee is earning money in your sleep
because once I've got all this set up
and all of my customers at the moment as
I say I could literally just leave it
and let it run and it would just
generate money but there's two things
stopping that number one this is
technology and things go wrong and
number two I don't want to stop here I
want to get more clients and more
customers I want more people on my
network but lo and behold guys this this
little black box is all it is this does
all the magic but guys before I go ahead
and show you the little black magic box
that does everything for me I want to
say something
I've mentioned publicly on my channel
numerous times hey guys
I sell Internet this is how I earn money
I sell my internet right and the amount
of comments I get when people saying
this Alex you're not allowed to sell
Internet that's illegal that's really
illegal you're not allowed to sell
Internet guys get this I saw one person
that said I'm gonna go around the UK and
phone every single ISP and that and try
and find out who you are and who is
internet you're selling and try and get
you arrested
okay listen hey lil informative pimp
it's not illegal to sell Internet it is
though a breach of Terms of Service so
if you do not have explicit permission
from your ISP to resell the broadband it
is a breach of Terms of Service it's not
illegal you can't get prosecuted for it
it is a breach of Terms of Service all
the ISP can do is just cut off your
connection and say we've cut it off
because you're selling it without
permission if you have permission to
sell it in it's a business line or a
leased line you can go ahead and do it
God people are mad little know-it-all
nerd may go back to popping your spots
in the mirror pretty cool the ISPs in
England and try and get me banned
well good locks is about 2,500 of them
in the whole of England so let's make
sure your phone's topped up if that
comes in with this cable and then with
these four cables goes back out onto the
roof up to the roof onto my numerous
antennas and for me to explain that I
need to go on on the roof all right guys
please for the love of God don't go
climbing on your roofs at home because
you've seen me doing this don't is very
very dangerous I have safety things in
place in case oh please no mind guys I
can climb up a roof like a little monkey
because I've been on hundreds of
people's roofs installing dishes
checking out Wi-Fi surveying areas
so as you can see on that side of the
house there is a big pole with a white
thing there and a white thing there see
on my neighbor's house just there well
he's one of my clients he has a dish on
his house which points to my house
that's how he gets his internet and so
does pretty much every single other
house around here but I'm not gonna go
pointing my camera around other people's
house but just take my word for it
including that house I've just shown you
I can see 1 2 3 4 15 17 1892 this dish
here this one actually serves my clients
or customers that are a little bit
further away than this local area that
one that's really high up that one is
mega dangerous and super powerful that
one serves some people that are and no
word of a lie
three point seven miles away from my
house I've got a few little antennas
this side now this one right here points
really far over there this one is
actually how I get the main Internet to
my house massive massive massive
shout-out to a company called JH CS I
wouldn't be doing it without them they
helped me and also Ross if you watching
yeah thanks bro and then this funny
looking antenna here this like really
straight one it's got a funny name that
one's called a sector antenna this one
serves people that are really close to
my house ie under half a mile away
that's what happens on the roof
now because this whole network is
expanding and growing bigger and not
showing any signs of stopping anytime
soon I need to upgrade it hence why this
bit of board is on the floor
that we go the new Mars media ISP board
is finished all of this stuff national
army to connect another 30 40 or so
clients most different guys than having
it on this board than up there is that
now with this extra hardware I can have
about an extra 30 to 40 customers on
here and everything is just a lot neater
so I need to go and put this in the loft
but in this bit of tubing is going to be
the Internet coming in and then in this
bit of tubing is going to be the cables
for all the antennas that go on the roof
hey everything's come on wait a minute
I've added one more thing ready guys
how cool is that
you guys have constantly been asking
Alex you know what do you do for a job
and Alex how do you send Internet with
the people's houses well I've tried to
explain that in today's video not a
normal type of vlog for me we're doing
fun stuff at this a business vlog for
what I'm really not sure how well you
guys have done that but I've gone to the
courtesy of labeling all the ports and
they're labeling the cables as well
everything is plugged in right now so
fingers crossed
Matt absolutely Matt so there you go
guys that is a story of my job or my
main source of income at the moment so
many of you been asking Alex how do you
sell Internet and I know this isn't
really a how-to video it would take days
for me to explain how I've made all of
this work it's been a lot of brainpower
it hasn't been just me but I needed to
set aside a full day where I was going
to expand that and make it bigger and
move it all up in to the loft and I
thought I'd bring you guys along with me
and kill two birds with one stone doing
that and then answering your questions
Alex how do you do it so that's gonna be
it for today guys - when Alex you guys
been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling go out and chase your dreams and
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog you
missed yesterday's click here if you're
not subscribed to the channel click
right here I'll see you guys in
summarize vlog
look at that I just clocked 12 paying
195 down and 110 up crazy crazy
