so pretty much as far as I can
understand it's a fairly there's not
much involved you guys are going to send
me to where is it California not well
guys next month it looks like we're
going on a trip to California but hold
the phone look in my opinion Apple's
latest and greatest invention these are
the Apple earpods these things are
absolutely awesome piece of kit and I
absolutely love them they are
revolutionary but it doesn't help when
you have no idea where they are as you
guys know I recently got the series 3
Apple watch which is on my wrist right
now it has LTE capabilities so you don't
have to have your phone with you and you
can go out and about and that's why I
love the air parts and I've really
fallen in love with them because paired
with the Apple watch I can go out with
just these in my ear this on my wrist
take phone calls stream music it's
really really awesome I feel like I'm in
the future and about one day last week I
plan to go to the gym I go to the gym
every single day sometimes I show you
guys sometimes I don't up into the gym
today you guys would have seen it but
I've been using my big headphones these
the bose qc25 simply because i lost
these the whole thing I found them a
week later today actually in the boot of
my car but I want to do something that's
gonna make sure I never lose these
little things again
on who guys clumsy me I forgot where I
put my hair pods so no I'm never going
to find them they're so small and I've
already lost them before it's a myth
wait a minute silly me sort it wicked
I've also got has just got a little bit
creative with both of my air pods
I've put a little bit of heat shrink
tubing around it and put a little bit of
heat on both of them this one has a red
one round it this one has a black one
around it they look really cool I'm all
about being unique and it's also
practical because when you come to put
these things back in here sometimes you
put the wrong one in the wrong thing and
it doesn't go in George you can see
there's a little black dot on that side
that means the one with the black ring
around it goes in there and obviously
the red one that goes in that without
side air pod hacks Snape money hid in
the couch looking that half of my dick
in her mouth right then guys with the
air pulse are successfully modded on the
way up here
I saw a parcel it was addressed to me
and I really want to open it
and no it wasn't that
and yes that's jet littering we'll open
that one tomorrow well this looks pretty
cool doesn't it though LG hit me up and
I was like Alex we've got a spare
monitor and we want to send it to you
and I was like well gee I've already got
loads of monitors and unless it's the
new gaming monitors that I want three or
four the desk at home I'm not interested
and then they said Alex you'll
definitely be interested a UHD 4k
monitor right monitor it's 43 inches big
a monitor computer but it's a much house
not even a TV sources of them yeah I'm
sure
me and the guys a little love to check
it out and two weeks later is here
welcome to my office 43 inch monitor I
have no idea where I'm going to put you
this song bangs so jealous that I
managed to put the stand on the back of
it we've got the power in we have an
rs-232 C port we have a HDMI port here
two of them which are capable of 4k at
30fps and then HDMI 3 and HDMI 4 capable
of 4k at 60 then we have DisplayPort
then we have a USB C then we have 2
normal USBs and then we have a headphone
jack now obviously with this thing being
the size that it is TV sized it will be
absolutely awesome to try and play some
games on a TV but what do we have with
TV we have import lag because this is a
monitor I'm hoping that the input lag is
therefore reduced and you can actually
have a pretty cool gaming experience on
this stick I've got a 1080 TI in my
computer down here let's hook it up and
it's huge oh my let's hook it up to one
of the 4k 60 ports and see what happens
this is the ultimate live streaming room
episode 2
and yes it is filmed in 4k so let's
watch this look at the quality lies
mental look at the by absolutely mental
click this button and put it into game
mode open up steam and play some games I
don't even know if it's gonna run if
it's gonna work well if I can gonna best
play in ultra this is mint this is
mental
three kills a king second out of 88 on a
23 inch 4k display I don't know what to
do with it guys what do we do with this
thing rather than boys and girls there's
one last thing I can think to do on this
monitor so guys that screen was
absolutely awesome LG thank you so much
for sending that out that is amazing I'm
astonished at how good it is for gaming
so with that being said guys I'm gonna
finish this pizza probably sit down here
and play some pub G and possibly stream
it and get an early night for once
because I'm just been manic the last
week I'm so tired
I've been up at 7 this morning working
on god-knows-what tech flow videos and
etc it's now 11:00 p.m. 7:00 till 11:00
I literally haven't had a rest so guys -
but Alex you guys have been awesome guys
go out fight for your dreams go out and
get them and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's video if you missed
yesterday's vlog click right here you
know subscribe to my channel in color
right here I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog adios
