guys let me show you something really
cool
we all know quite a number of people who
have everything that it would take to be
happy and they are not happy because
they want something else oh that one was
the same
we had to pull the boss of the gym
because they're great
in the office this morning got a very
very very quick meeting I have to attend
to and then for once that is all my work
done for the day just one meeting this
morning
easy day today I'm with Alex now if you
want it to get its own authority to
speak yeah there we go guys do me a
favor if you young don't bother growing
up that money was about the government
trying to take my money the tax and
things like that horrible for some
reason to make the world a better place
I suppose hopefully fingers crossed so
guys if you're seeing this vlog then now
this is gonna be a bit more of a serious
vlog if I post it so if you guys are
watching this then please please bear
that in mind and please take into
consideration my feelings today now the
main reason I've kept today free and
only had one meeting this morning was
because well it's evident and I've let
you guys know a long time ago because
I've done some stuff for cancer research
that my father's dad my granddad passed
away to cancer
I lost my granddad to cancer a long time
ago well not a long time ago some five
years ago but the point is my granddad
was a massive inspiration for me
look the saying goes that nobody is
perfect and I'm not saying that he was
perfect but it was pretty goddamn good
he was a role model and he was
incredible that man my granddad my dad's
dad taught me more life lessons than
probably anybody in the world so far and
he taught me the basic things which are
the premise that I get up and run in my
life every day such as things like you
can change yourself no matter where you
are in your life you can change yourself
he always said to me things like it's
all about perspective and I've always
said these things to you over the years
and it's been is this it came from him
and I know my whole family watches these
videos especially my grandma hello I
know you're watching this because you
watch all of my videos now this
I have to go to hospital to see my other
granddad my mum's dad unfortunately he
has a lot of things going on mentally
like mental diseases and mental diseases
are absolutely horrible because you are
still physically there in your own skin
in your own body you know what's going
on but you do things that you can't
control I go around to my grandma and
granddad house and sometimes he forgets
my name but it's fine you have to laugh
at it I laugh with him he laughs when he
makes mistakes it's funny but now we can
all laugh together including my granddad
when he forgets what he's saying or when
he calls me by the wrong name but this
is serious I'm going to go and see him
this evening I've been told and prefaced
that he is fine now though he's going to
be leaving hospital soon I thought I'd
let you guys know before the quad starts
if I seem a little bit off oh cool these
are all right anyway I bought some tiles
this is not sponsored but tile if you
want to sponsor me hit me up in the
dam's these are absolutely amazing I
bought a 4-pack of them on Amazon you
put these big ones in your wallet and
then you put these small ones on your
keys and then if you misplace your
wallet or your keys or your bag or your
or your camera whatever you put these
things on you can make these things make
a little noise and locate them using
your phone are bees are really cool I'm
gonna use these later but for me to
explain what this little heat-shrink
stuff does I need a lighter and I don't
have a lighter
sweet thank you very
no worries guys yeah I know Russia ate
it guys thank you very much you can
literally use it for so many things
watch this pointless experiment but now
I've got a heat shrink tube around my
iphone cable which hopefully if it still
works sorted right then guys we weren't
paying well and said I'm gonna go ahead
and get myself off to the hospital go
visit my granddad hopefully put a smile
on his face and see what's going
outside and I have no idea where to go
so nice I've just got back from the
hospital from visiting my my granddad
the amount of joy it brought me to see
him so happy when he saw me was just
absolutely delightful seeing your family
members in tears especially male members
of your family is absolutely
heartbreaking no I usually wouldn't be
talking about these sorts of topics on
the vlog heck I probably wouldn't have
even let you guys know about my granddad
if it wasn't for well yesterday was
World Mental Health Day and I wanted to
bring light to that but I wanted to wait
to do it today because I knew I was
going to go and see see my granddad he
knew who I was I walked into the room
today in the hospital room and he was
like yeah and he looked really happy and
he was but the fact that I said to him
granddad what's my name and he
physically can't say my name he knows
I'm his grandchild but doesn't know what
my name is now obviously it was World
Mental Health Day yesterday am I slice
of the pie that I want to add to that is
is this mental health guys can affect
absolutely anyone it could affect me
it could affect you watching this video
and if you feel like you are going
through something please reach out to
somebody whether that's a parental
figure one of your friends or even me
over Twitter heck I draw absolutely
anything to help you guys out if you
needed me right I'm gonna go and do
something which is gonna take my mind
off all of this and that one thing is
work back in my favorite place in the
entire world home base
so I know all of you guys know this but
if you don't I actually run my own ISP
I sell Internet to people that's how I'm
able to do all the cool things I do on
the vlogs and make these interesting
videos so just wake up every morning and
make YouTube videos I always like to
push myself and this is another business
venture that I'm currently going down
and most of the things at the moment
which aren't going too well so I don't
really want to talk about them all you
guys need to know is that I'm expanding
I'm getting too many clients on my
network and this this just isn't cutting
it anymore this guy's in here my garage
is all of my networking stuff as you can
see on the floor in boxes is networking
stuff and switches in bags full of
networking gear rooters wireless access
points wireless dishes and to expand my
network I'm gonna need the few little
things that are in this box
and unfortunately guys this is where
this train has to stop because to carry
on and have to dismantle all of this
which would knock all of my clients off
line I'm gonna have to do this one
morning at 3:00 a.m. and for those of
you who know what fiber optic is this
here this short cable that is fiber
optic the more you know sweet guys quick
couple of hours editing over and them
within the office Jets here we're
finished there right now
now we're going home hey so I'll take my
mind off all of this mental health stuff
Jed I need to show you to your room my
friend you've stayed in there about 15
2014 on the pet see guys believe that I
just you can sleep down here on the
floor it's a bathroom it's quite a small
bathroom but it does have
a really cool mirror it's just that's
nice and even that it does a lot really
good
maybe we should film tap flow on here so
I'm gonna end today's vlog guys
management Alex as usual you guys have
been awesome nice tales and keep smiling
you miss yesterday's vlog catch it here
if you not subscribed click here got my
outro then for a second I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's daily vlog adios
