guys today's off to an absolutely flying
start
funnily cos me show you guys that you
would have probably never have seen it
anyway guys how are you all doing my
name is of course Alex welcome back to
another a daily vlog let's do this today
is gonna start with a little bit of
spring cleaning even though it's nowhere
near spring because guys in the vlog
have been so busy recently things things
have just got messy and I can't deal
with
I'm gonna send both of these items off
in here is my a7s from Sony and this is
the microphone that doesn't work anymore
and speaking of boxes and parcels this
guy's is an iPhone 8 that I gave away
about two and a half weeks ago everybody
knows about this the giveaway had 203
something thousand entries mental
there's not much of a big deal me giving
away this phone I even did a dedicated
video shouting out the winner and pick
the winner live on a video I messaged
the winner and he hasn't even replied to
me yet he has one day left to reply and
then I'm gonna have to pick another
winner like just imagine if that was you
just imagine if you got to the message
like a week later and you figured out
that you won but you hadn't checked your
inboxes to see if I'd mess the winner
has got 23 hours left to reply until I
pick a new winner these rules are set
out in the terms and conditions you
would literally shoot yourself in the
foot so if I do have to pick a new
winner for this be sure guys to check
all your direct messages guys my room is
all clean I've spent all day working
let's do this
I wanted the one with the fork spork
safely put this knife away I want to
explain something and talk about
something in today's vlog which is low
latency gaming now don't we all know
what that means
now I'm very used to this as you guys
are all aren't aware soon as the amount
of comments that I've got today's
episode is well obviously featured
around the live streaming room I've got
a stream deck in my head I want to try
and address a quick comment up in gang
saying Alex the life Jammu is great and
all you've got awesome computers oh it
looks awesome you've got all the games
consoles it's gonna be wicked but
there's one thing I like what's going on
with that TV that's what you guys have
been saying to me Alex what have you
chosen a TV for Alex what is going on
and for those people that are kinda a
little bit confused as to why other
people are saying Alex why are you
gaming on a TV let me explain something
lag lag is what a gamer doesn't want it
effectively makes you worse at the game
but for me to explain the next part of
the vlog we need to all be on the same
page in my book there's four parts to
game playing lag the first part is
controller lag or keyboard lag
controller whatever that is the amount
of time it takes for you to click a
button on a keyboard or move a joystick
for it to them send that signal to the
console technology now is so powerful
that this now even for Wired or wireless
controllers is a very slim margin now
the second part to all of this is
network like this is to do with your
internet connection so as you can see in
the office we get 16 ping we get 70 down
and 50 up
the piglets important the lower the
better anything below 50 ping you gonna
be okay now number three on my list of
four things that cause lag is hardware
lack this is well your computer or
console how fast it can generate the
frames and number fours pretty much the
same as number two except there's no
network involved so obviously with with
with the ping the lower your internet
ping is the better
number four is I would like to call
display lag now this is the ultimate
live gaming room TV and this is what all
of you guys are picking on me for and
your right to pick on me so this guy's
is the ultimate live streaming room TV
it's an amazing TV it's a full 55-inch
OLED HDR 10 panel it's super thin it's
edge to edge display it looks phenomenal
and I love it for consuming media not
really for game now we're all on the
same level after I've shown you guys my
diagrams of my four stages of lag this
TV focusing on stage four of the lag is
really really bad but this is why I want
to talk about this because you guys have
pointed it out in the comment section
the be-all and end-all of this
conversation is that this TV is not good
for gaming and what we're gonna be doing
up here other than live streaming gaming
now this TV will be absolutely perfect
if there's a couple of us up here and we
want to play a sort of light family
title but if I'm gonna come up here and
stream by myself and play some pub G and
try and get super serious this TV is not
gonna do me any favors now Alex why are
you talking about this you know what the
problem is why don't you just fix it I
need your help I'm doing so the only
idea I have come up with to fix this
issue is to well put a monitor on this
table and then whenever we're playing
guys a game that requires a really
really really low input lag and needs
good response times we can switch to the
monitor which will be on this table
permanently really nicely cable managed
in and we can go from there do you think
that is the only way to sort this out
and no I'm not going to
TV so my guys that as I think the only
thing I need to try and overcome in this
room then we can get on with recording
episode three or part three of building
the ultimate live streaming room right
guys I need to go ahead and undo a
little bit of work this evening in the
office got a little bit of editing to do
over at the well over here at the
editing desk so I'm going to get on
without guys follow your dreams chase
them edit away that's what I tell myself
when I'm embarking on a two-hour edit
session guys Luke hurt himself I need to
drive into a a something's happened is
for now you'll be care for those curves
you don't you going down any more curbs
what something kno know what's happening
no okay so yes you've heard yourself
your fault and you're not happy how is
it my fault you're off it you fell over
you fell over is your office the matter
is my office you fell over outside my
office areas the hospital what you okay
so Luke and I were leaving the office
and mishap with a little bit of a curb
went down the curb and fell to the floor
freak accident of the evening so Luke
and I went to the gym earlier and Luke
was on the treadmill and he's all like
Alex my uncle just clicked it feels
really weird so I was like okay dude
join me in doing some weights we don't
went back to the office because I have
some things that I needed Luke to help
me with and then we did those things I
recorded a bit of the vlog and then he
left he was gonna drive home he gives me
a call just as he leaves the office and
his owl
a fallen and my uncle really hurts we
ended up driving to A&E he can't leave
really badly dislocated it and they gave
him some crutches and it literally took
so long in A&E were in there for about
three hours it took so long they've
given him some painkillers he managed to
pluck up the courage and get in the car
and drive home so let's hope he's okay
tomorrow I suppose just goes to show you
you can never be too careful guys that
when doing anything anyway guys I'll see
you in tomorrow's vlog you can miss
yesterday's click here if you're not
subscribe to my lately vlogging channel
click right here and I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's day vlog guys
