a young boy being a dream and in the
dream
good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex guys and welcome
back to another daily vlog so guys
things are getting super serious around
here okay and it's sort of worrying me
because I'm only small you only Southern
Lincoln Heights what have you got to
worry about well hear me out here right
number one I'm in the process as you
guys know of buying a house it's not
easy to buy a house so if you guys look
on the back of my door I've got all of
the information that it's always good to
visualize your goals no purposes by
saying obviously buying a house is a big
deal I shouldn't really have to say that
and houses are also very very very
expensive which is really annoying but
then it also makes you work extra hard
we should suppose it's a good thing as I
say it's always good to have a goal and
visualize it over guys see the thing is
when you buy a house it is a little bit
of a tough market it's also a bit of a
dodgy market and what I mean by that is
they will pressure you once you seem
interested to buy the house they will
say things to you like oh hey someone's
been in this morning and they've been
quiet about the house and they want to
buy it oh we're going to sell the house
to somebody else if you don't put your
money down right now the people that are
selling the house really want you to buy
it as soon as they know that you're even
the slightest bit interested so I've
received a phone call this morning as I
thought I would a couple of days after I
went to inquire about the house saying
hi Alex
somebody else wants to buy the house do
you want to buy so now I'm like well
hold on a minute it's only been a couple
of days I'm not time to collect my
thoughts yeah well I'm only twenty years
old by now this is man
so they've given me the location of a
show home now this is what my house is
sort of going to look like once it's
built they've given me the postcode and
they said I can go and have a look at it
today at half past twelve it's currently
11:50 a.m. so I'm gonna get in the car
go and drive there and let's take a look
at what my new house might look like
this is only a computer-generated image
but this is kind of what it looks like
obviously the house I'm going to today
will look from the outside nothing like
that it could be bigger it could be
smaller but what I'm saying is the
inside of the house should resemble what
the inside of my house this company is
building a load of houses and on the
inside they're all gonna look pretty
similar so I'm gonna go and look at one
which is gonna look similar to my house
you guys get the point this is really
scary and I've got loads of energy right
now and I'm so happy that I have the
privilege of bringing you guys along
with me so guys here we go
let's do this
Jane you're wrong judge me I can't
right I've arrived I'm here this is
weird
let's do this specification anyhow that
doesn't know what size houses you have
the same thing
ceiling heights a seven-foot plus to
give you that height because it's all
about space and light and broadband so
you can put your brought in that's
pretty electric for beauty boxes well
the choice of nineteen kitchens in total
this one you can bench modern and knit
after this one's instantly bad wow this
is cool this is the Ramos - nice aren't
they this is it's massive it is the
master room in here yeah you're buying
it so much better than what I thought it
would be like it's just so nice so guys
just to preface this isn't what my house
will look like but it's kind of like
what it will look like because they're
all designed the same inside
so guys there you go mad
another thing has just been to the GM
feeling a little bit ripped off because
I keep buying these protein shakes just
because they're easy to buy in the
machine when I leave the gym but they're
really expensive any gym people out
there tell me if these are good or not
if I'm not then that's fine just need
someone to clarify it so guys the house
today what are you thinking is now the
time where well I'm about to put well
put the deposit down that is that is how
serious this is I'm how fast this moves
online no but it's a big deal buying a
house but there's only a couple steps in
it like you go when you inquire about it
then you go and look round and then you
put the deposit down like guys the thing
is if it was like a house that was
already built like somebody else owned
it and I was just gonna move into it
then well I've been moving into it in
like the next two weeks but I'm sort of
looking that we have to wait for the
house to be built now it's only gonna
take about six months to build which is
still a mad thought that's good at that
time is going to fly guys honestly what
do you think you think it looks modern
you think it suits my style do you think
you guys are gonna like it in the videos
imagine guys it's our house it's the
marzipan house we can do anything we
want with any room full control it's our
house well I'm thinking convert the TV
room into like a cinema room like with
the tea proper projector honestly guys
it's going to be an absolutely awesome
absolutely awesome thing to put together
I absolutely cannot wait oh yeah this is
something I've bought for some internet
stuff because oh by the way when I'm
recording my videos Luke is probably
always here
assistant Luke he's just lingering in
the background you have a creepy guy
mate no no no I need you back assistant
Luke what you think of the house and you
want one yeah just come live with me
that's really weird Laura can move in
Maria can move in it'll be four of us in
one house that I've been bedroom I am
NOT gonna do this through yeah that's
another thing I'm gonna knock half the
walls through so we have like one
massive office on one massive bedroom
because I need an awesome office
well it's Lee I need your honest
opinions guys let me know what you think
in the comment section down below
and also on Twitter if you're that type
of person that likes the Twittersphere
right let's get bright then guys and
girls I have literally just made it home
it's very very very very early in the
morning I hope you guys enjoyed looking
around
that showroom house today that is kind
of like what my house will look like
which is insane so guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog if you missed
yesterday's you can watch it here if
you're not subscribed you can click
right here and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog
