so you see the thing is in yesterday's
vlog I said this my a7s is broken so I'm
using the a 6500 something inside of
this a7s where you plug in the
microphone keeps breaking and then
frying the microphones so now this
microphone doesn't work and neither does
this one thus leaving me with no audio
on my main camera so then I switched to
my backup camera which is all fine isn't
it you guys can see me you guys can hear
me luckily enough I plan ahead this is
my backup rig if something happens to
that but then what if something happens
to this
sorted unfortunately our guys can take
this dark outside I haven't picked up
the camera all the secrecy of some bad
news about somebody in my family
whoever guys I'm feeling fine now and
I'm taking on the challenge to do a
nighttime themed vlog let's do this
clásicos the memories laughs foot into
the office today it's because of well
this desk over here now you guys know
that this is the Asus desk we do this
whole thing he has an Asus desk
everything on it mouse keyboard one it's
a computer headset speakers did a little
dirt it's all made by Asus it's ROG so
as you guys can see right here we've got
basis is absolutely a boss ass 120 Hertz
overclocked monitor here with absolutely
awesome rog keyboard and mouse here that
is the beauty of pukey amount only just
come out this thing is a beast i
absolutely love it i write everything on
here but this here computer I'm not
saying I don't rating it just doesn't
really work I really need to reinstall
windows on this computer but the first
problem eat the backup hard drive in
this machine doesn't work
Wow to be
okay that's gonna take a lot longer than
I think you guys know what day it's
Sunday today it's time for the unregular
unorganized Twitter Q&A let's do this
translating your description and video
in Dutch guys please help ask me some
questions with hashtag awesome I'll see
some actual intellectual questions Cuba
asks would you move into the new house
with your girlfriend now that is a
really really really solid question and
the answer is well yeah obviously I'm
gonna be moved into the house before
Maria has finished University hopefully
fingers crossed touch wood that this all
goes through this could all fall apart
by the way guys so don't get your hopes
up hopefully it won't
so obviously there'll be a period of
time remember it is still in Manchester
at uni and
I am at the house and I'm assuming as
soon as she's finished uni yeah she will
move in
that's a weird thought sam says Alex
will your ISP still be running when you
move out of the current house and the
answer to that is yes it will be stupid
not to keep running that thing it is a
massive massive massive revenue term for
me simple and quite personal answer for
you guys is that the ISP my internet
service provider is one of my main
sources of income so I'll be very stupid
for me to stop that probably won't be
able to pay for the new house if I stop
that
yeah I'm not stopping that beign says
hey at mosburger gaming how about you
make a video where you show how you edit
a regular vlog with little explanation
no tutorial just an overview Oh taps key
see you're go in the pock that goat was
occurs when I do you remember ducking oh
that's me he's got a pump ewwww oh man
man he's got a frisbee
maeín hope you've answers your question
not as a routine that happens every
single day of my life the last question
is
so Joe marker wrong you guys really want
to know who won the giveaway okay it's
coming I'm gonna do at the end of this
video I promise Oh taps key but there
you go guys that will do for today's @qa
and I'm also really stuck on something I
need your help if you guys haven't seen
it I have AB loaded Part two of The
Ultimates live-streaming room building
this room over on my main channel if you
haven't seen that video drop a link to
it down in the description and if you
guys to help me but I need you to help
me right off the top of your head if
there's anything even if it's small or
large that you think we could do to this
room is episode three please please let
me know and if you guys can say things
that then I can do in the videos that
makes me happy and then hopefully that
will make you guys happy too if I chose
one of your things and just want you
guys to know that I'm genuinely buzzing
to start stream
so ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
that time has come where I need to
reveal the winner of this gold iPhone 8
plus 64 gigabyte as international
giveaway for this national I mean
international giveaway it has so many
entries so many retweets for it
befitting to do it at the end of today's
vlog so guys this is it this is what I
log on right now and pick the winner it
had two hundred and three thousand four
hundred and eight entries Jesus one of
those people is going to win
well then Ollie right congratulations my
friend you've just won yourself an
iPhone 8 plus only you have been
contacted via email you have 48 hours to
get back to me and if you don't I will
reap it a winner guys thank you so much
for entering you feeling sorry for
yourself because you didn't win I'm
currently giving away an xbox one over
on my main channel just watch episode 2
or part 2 of the ultimate live-streaming
room to enter that one
if you missed yesterday's vlog you can
catch that there if you're not
subscribed to my daily vlogging channel
and you want a piece of this action
every single day you can click here to
subscribe and guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog you ready for it
adios
