when you fall in love it is a temporary
madness erupts like an earthquake and
then it subsides when it subsides you
have to make a decision to work out
whether your ins become suing together
this good morning guys how are you all
doing my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog this
day for me and all of us is a step in
the right direction that step in the
direction being saying bye-bye to this
room now it's a sad day this this is
where we started this is what we built
the ultimate set up these videos if not
singularly but put together have
millions upon millions of views of me
building setups doing things in this
room getting new tables doing awesome
projects with a lexer installing philips
hue hey Alexa turn on the floor lights
okay we've created so much content in
here
however guys today is the day I'm gonna
go to look round at some brand new
houses unfortunately not gonna be able
to go in them reason being because
they're not actually even that actually
even built yet but hopefully I can get a
basis down of what I'm actually looking
for today and to you guys like a little
bit of a floor plan and what's going
down and then with a floor plan we can
go ahead and plan you know what we want
in each room are we're gonna convert the
garage if it has one into like a cinema
room or a proper gaming den how are we
gonna introduce another tech into the
kitchen everything how are we going to
do this so just let you guys know we're
not looking around any houses yet
because they are not built all of these
houses I'm looking at our concepts that
are going to be built within the next 12
months
another reason that's really interesting
is because we can go when it starts
getting built if we go down this route
and we can have actual updates of them
building the house instead of me just
moving into a house that somebody else
has lived in and then you know decking
it out because it's been built right
from the start we have full control over
pretty much everything so this this is
going to be really interesting also my
a7s is broken so I'm using the a 6500
for those of you interested in cameras
which I'm sure that's the main majority
of you yes this is my a 7s this is what
I usually use to recall all my videos
just and no it's it's massive it stops
recording sound I've tried different
microphones and
still a 6500 for now oh and by the way
all my family's coming to do this house
thing with me because this is quite a
big deal
this buying a you know a house my
brother's coming my dad's back so he's
coming as few other people coming to
despair thy mind there's people with me
that's my family I don't really talk
about them much on my videos also this
is Bert go for a minute sir Graham right
there you go all right guys you ready
let's do this so always check out this
new house I have no idea what to expect
I'm thinking at the moment they're kind
of just being built so it's kind of
gonna be a showroom as to what the
houses are gonna look like when they're
finished this just sort of gained a
little bit of perspective as to what
it's like I've never actually been to
one of these house viewing type things
before so I don't know what to expect so
this is gonna be a learning experience
for me so please bear that in mind and
if you guys are know doing this before
obviously you guys are gonna see this to
Jacob what you think and dude would you
like me to get a house no you must live
with you
have some showhomes here for all of this
is all new as you can see so this is
sort of a showroom that I'm in right now
the houses apparently it said on the
website that there was a show home you
could go in around a pen that's not
really till November so I'm gonna go and
look around that but even if I was to
buy the house it is built to your
specifications so as you can see by this
wall here
it has like a well a thermometer in the
wall and all these gas stoves and stuff
so they build the house to your
specifications so if you want LEDs in
the floor and the LEDs in the floor if
you want a breakfast bar you can have
one of them installed so the plan of the
house stays the same but they build the
house to your specification
right guys I'm back from viewing their
houses I think I have one house there
that I really really like and bang
here's a picture of the floor plans and
then of the actual house itself bear in
mind this is just a concept the house
isn't built yet it's an electronically
generated image but that is more or less
the room plan and what the house will
look like when it's built what do you
guys think honest opinions if I could do
that that would be amazing because for a
first house for me that is absolutely
just insane it is off the wall it will
be our house that we can do what we want
with it will be mental right I'm gonna
go play some squash for charity but
before I go ahead and do that guys the
girls today that we're showing me the
house plans all the different houses
they had on offer to be built they said
there is one show home that's about half
an hour drive from here so if you guys
want me to go to the show home tomorrow
and see all the tech inside exceeds the
like teched-out houses already like
they're really modern and they have like
electronic showers and stuff like I said
earlier then let me know down in the
comments guys and I'll try and organize
us to go tomorrow on Sunday to have a
look at this what they're calling a show
home right it's gonna play some squash
there we go guys
all home I've just had to go for a
little bit of a walk because I was
sweating my neck is off just finished a
game of squash what they're doing at the
squash club is absolutely awesome and
I'm loving it so charity work is when
people come together and do something
out of their way to earn money or raise
money for charity and number one that's
amazing but number two what these guys
are doing is 24 hours on a squash court
so somebody has to be playing on that
squash court for 24 hours I went there
put a fiver in the bucket and dad and I
played for an hour of squash
so 23 more hours to get think about it
people are going to be playing squash
all night at 3:00 in the morning
somebody's gonna be on that court
playing squash and all of it is just for
charity I'm gonna donate all the money
from this here video from my adverts on
it to them guys doing 24 hours of squash
just inside
I did tell you guys that wanted to start
giving back and doing stuff for charity
right I need a shower
you gotta so in the vlog today I broke
into somebody else's house to get my
speaker's back yeah I lent those
speakers when I got them back to my
neighbor I need to pop round make sure
he's all okay he's having a massive
massive party this evening it's sort of
like a leaving party cuz he's leaving
being my next-door neighbor but it's
also his wife's birthday party
then they've got some proper fancy
toilets and stuff in here
oh wow they're amazing bro how you doing
boom oh cool
check this out that's amazing so all of
these little cubes here light up this is
a neon themed party I've let my
speaker's to the people you guys saw the
other day I went and let them fire away
just now there's also one inside their
Bluetooth link together I'm gonna pop
back a little bit later to this venue
when everything's popping off Jed's
gonna be here it's filming it I've
organized all of that these are actually
my next-door neighbors and they're
moving out so this is like they're
moving out party there's gonna be so
many people here and some said it's a
neon themed party really cool right I'll
see about off nine
you know
