guys listen to this
sweet guys good morning to you all how
are you all doing my name is of course
Alex I guys have just been for a little
meal with my mum side of the family and
we actually well we spread some of my
granddad's ashes you guys know recently
it was my grandma's funeral I made it a
big deal to tell you guys that he passed
away and that I may be not myself do
it's good to be transparent with you
guys with these sorts of things because
well I assumed you guys would get
slightly concerned if well I wasn't
being myself in the videos as soon as
you guys really do listen to what I say
like in yesterday's video I said if we
could get 5,000 likes within the first
couple of hours and go back to the
abandoned place and go in the
underground thing definitely 5001 I can
feel free to come back again this is
does that happen this morning guys but
that's fine today is Sunday today is
chill today is the chill vlog
so guys it is Sunday today I am aware of
that I want to go ahead to the office
though because well I've got something I
want to show you guys no work to be
doing today this parcel this parcel is
something special trust me
I really really like this stuff no I'm
not being paid to say that
so guys this is the box that arrived
yesterday all of you know this and I'm
absolutely buzzing to take a look inside
of here so as you can see well it's a
bit beat up this this product has been -
well that isn't my address that isn't my
address and as an address on the on the
front of this underneath this one which
isn't my address so it serves to say
what's in this box has been to a few
content creators and now now it's my
turn
here it is now if this thing is broken
when I get out of the box that is not my
fault and all you guys can vouch for me
on that this has been absolutely
destroyed in the postage and look at the
look at that boy so look it's a lot
smaller than I thought it was okay it
may have been slightly damaged in
transit but hey nothing we're all good
here so guys I know you would think to
yourself Alex what the heck is that this
this is something very very special
don't think we're gonna need out the box
is the is the power cable slight problem
the power cable goes right in the back
powered on now because you're probably
thinking to yourself what the hell is
this and this is pretty much what I'm
thinking so we're all in the same boat
here as you guys can see this is some
sort of speaker that sort of translucent
I can see you guys through this back
panel we've got a volume knob here we've
got two speakers here with tweeter
island that's where you actually have a
mid-range driver with a tweeter in the
middle that doesn't move that's called a
tweeter island for those of you that
didn't know switching this thing around
on the back we have what looks like a
subwoofer and then on the bottom two
tiny little passive radiators this is
sick but this thing is about to get a
whole lot cooler let me kill the lights
are you guys seeing this right now so
this is like a translucent display
inside of this glass box so now he's
saying on here please set up the lyric
speaker on the lyric speaker ah this
thing is mental
so now we're as you guys can see here it
says connected to and then it's got the
Wi-Fi network name I've got the app on
my phone and what I believe this thing
is actually going to do is get a lyric
database and play the lyrics of the song
on the screen this is mad wait a minute
guys I think I've got this thing to work
so if I click play on a random song on
my Spotify and give it some volume the
lyrics are on there wait a minute guys
I'm so confused this is mental this is I
know what we need to try
I've seen a lot of tech okay that is
sick it's a glass box yes the links for
this song this isn't a well-known song
if you can do the links for this I'll be
impressed
oh no the coolest thing I've ever seen
in my life
is Mazal that is much absolutely mad
okay okay okay let's just take a
breather for a second it's fairly
obvious that this is absolutely mental
it's just like a glass box with like a
holographic screen inside it that you
can see through it displays the roots of
the songs I don't even know how it gets
the lyrics of the songs he just gets
them sound quality of it it's not
amazing but it's like really good it's
got a subwoofer in the back it's got two
tweeters with dome islands on the front
but like even if this thing sounded
awful the fact that it does what it does
is mental please be honest and tell me
if if I'm being totally ridiculous right
now
but and even songs where it says no
lyrics found look it still displays a
really cool graphic Equalization of the
music that you're listening to that is
cool enough by itself I need to take
this home and show Jacob he's gonna go
absolutely mental
okay so guys I've just done some reading
up on this thing and it's very very very
expensive so I wouldn't go and go and
think you can buy one right now because
they're about four thousand dollars but
that's why I'm strapping it in but what
I am gonna be doing is doing a full
dedicated review of this thing on on my
tech flow channel and go like more in
depth as to how it gets the lyrics and
how to set this thing up because it's
insane
this thing is a lot heavier than it
looks
with it being well metal and glass hey
you want to come and have a look at the
new speak you know yeah that's what
you're here for bro what's it bro you
give it a good old sniff the guys what
I'm doing right now is I've got it in
the lounge
and I've just connected it to the Wi-Fi
it's joined my smart Wi-Fi network let's
see if this works in the house now for
demonstrational purposes I've set the
lights in the lounge to purple and I'm
gonna be playing man's not hot because I
know my brother loves that song right
guys it's working
Jacob all right how cool would it be you
know man it's not hot you know the
lyrics to man's not heart that forwards
some of them are hard to understand
aren't they how cool would it be okay
well it's not necessarily to help you to
learn it's more just to look really
goddamn cool but it does solve help you
you want me to show you what it does you
see this white box here it's just well a
glass box isn't it and speakers and
speakers right watch how cool this is
how explain to everybody what it's doing
doing it how cool is that how much you
think this costs 500 no up three
thousand four thousand three hundred and
twenty-one pounds
you guys can buy one of these for now I
really don't know what this looks like
on on the camera so you guys need to
tell me down in the comments but in real
life Jacob is it not just the most
fascinating thing you can't take your
eyes off it honestly it's mental the
fact that the screen is behind the
speaker so that depending on where you
look at it you see different bits of the
it's mental so guys what I've gone ahead
and done is put the speaker on
my console table here right next to her
this is pretty much what it says on it
so in the top corner it says connected
to smart which is well the Wi-Fi network
I have for all of my smart devices like
lights and well this this speaker thing
and then from there essentially it's
just a networked speaker if you have
Spotify can you spotify connects go
straight to this thing there's nothing
to set up nothing to configure once it's
connected it's just a streaming speaker
and it has its own database to get the
lyrics not sure how it does it just yet
you'll have to work the tech flow video
but as you can see there guys on my
phone it says their lyric box if I click
that it just starts playing straight
away in their place
this is going to be a pleasure to have
this thing in my room for the next
couple of weeks
