you think they'll go video rendering
Janos usually been an absolute trooper
think I'm helping out really appreciate
and that party I told you about tomorrow
seven o'clock filming it mm-hmm let's do
it
no it's alright dude give it just so
pretty much every day guys I come into
this office and I said this desk
whether I'm unboxing a parcel or you're
simply trying to give you guys some
advice
I'm always sat at this desk you probably
think you know Alex you side this desk
unboxing things surely it's gonna be a
really sturdy desk that you really trust
and you really trust it to hold up these
two monitors and the nice speakers and
all the lights that you have I mean look
look all these really nice things that
you have in this desk that you sit out
every day to meet videos that surely
it's a really nice desk that's really
stirred in it's gonna support you
nothing about that is safe
there we go nothing guys doesn't move
about anywhere near as much so hopefully
all of my gear on it including this here
parcel isn't gonna fall and break and
crush my toes now guys exactly what
these are these are absolutely awesome
in Kingston have sent three of them so
maybe there's now a giveaway involved
I'm not sure these are primarily for
iPhone users and all you and your people
out there just laughing your heads off
pretty much we need these those iPhone
users to take our photos and videos and
media off of our iPhones really
effectively and fast and put them on
computer I'm thinking here this is the
data traveler bolt from Kingston they've
sent out three of them is that you plug
that in your phone you can off load and
unload video media anything onto your
phone take it off your phone then this
side I'm assuming is a USB straight into
the computer or your Mac and you're done
Kingston have sent three of these out
without even telling me so I'll email
them and ask them if there's a giveaway
involved you guys let me know let me
know if that's something that you'd want
these interesting teeth I think they're
really cool guys it's Friday today end
of the week great time of the week a lot
of Friday's just as much as Monday's a
little bit of work in the office to
finish off the week again in Kingston
thank you for setting these out I really
appreciate it but guys I've got
something I want to talk about today
there's some practical stuff which means
we need to go into the old office to
pick something up which by the way as
you can tell nobody's moved in yet but
only if you guys remember this but a
couple months back or a month or so I
got these monitors from LG these are
LG's new signature gaming ultra wide
curved ultra wide monitors I got them
for Jake Mitchell setter which I'm later
doing very very very soon that's right
if you guys remember Marashi going
around to Jake's house to make his setup
he's the first one in the building
youtubers set up series
unfortunately this whole set up series
is taking a long time because at the
moment Jake is very very busy and I'm
still waiting for a few things to arrive
however I've got two of these
it is one of them right here and I want
to take it home you guys know at home
I've tried to build the ultimate gaming
setup and I've got three of those
38-inch ridiculously size 38 inch
monitors and they're yet not very good
for gaming but this one this one is
and now the main reason as to why this
is gonna blow your mind is because the
monitors that are on my desk are the big
boys the 38 inch ultra white this one is
just a normal sized ultra Rider
34 inches I believe right let's replace
the middle monitor with this gaming now
that little thing in the middle is the
size of a normal Oprah wide do you guys
see what I mean now that monitor looks
massive but right here it looks small
next to these two giants these are
honestly huge like this is a double bed
look how big that is so what I'm trying
to explain to you guys is I'm saying
here building the ultimate gaming setup
but I'm not using gaming monitors number
one gaming on a big screen isn't really
the best and number two the response
time on these big screens isn't the best
either
you need a gaming monitor for an
ultimate gaming setup I think back when
I was doing this I was just going for Oh
bigger is better and yeah you know what
in most cases that's what she said
but that just looks too small now what
that looks tiny but I say we change this
monitor settings get it all set up then
we play some games so I tried to
overclock the monitor successfully
overclocked the monitor to 120 Hertz my
computer then asked me to restart it so
I did and now it doesn't move the
computer doesn't boot it just sort of
does this yeah jimm time I'm not sure
what's going on with the computer at
home but my Apple watch is now being
activated for the last two days it's
been working on and off so I'm gonna go
to the gym now without my phone and then
report back to you guys in a couple days
time because they don't want to give you
guys false reports I went in quite hard
on Apple when it didn't work I want it
to work for a couple of days then I'll
report back to you guys right gym
session all finished up then take you
guys this time because I want to have a
little bit private time I will watch to
see what's going on and it worked to the
extent of it I will streaming music over
LTE sent text looked on fine friends
made a phone call just to test it
straight through to my ear pods worked
absolutely flawlessly
I'm just hoping now that it's gonna
carry on working I can report to you
guys in two days time that it is gonna
be 100% effective and working and then I
will retract my statements from before
right I'm hoping fingers crossed my
computer's working at home but first
little meal date with Luke I have
arrived
please get me a table for food oh look a
fawn said you might not have to be my
assistants anymore you enjoy it you
enjoying it being my assistant don't ya
yes Lulu they're looking for experience
and use the a shtick flexible hard
workers bend over and it turns out that
this microphone has been going on and
off all day so I've gone back to my old
shore microphone which doesn't really
work properly so I don't know if you can
even hear me or not the monitor has come
on if you guys trying to help me with
that black screen problem then please do
I'm not sure what that was I'm not sure
how long it's black screen for I believe
you have to unless you had to unplug all
of the other monitors we're gonna plug
them all back in now and ho there we go
I hope that is on hey and yes we are
refresh rate 100 Hertz so now all that's
left to do is fire up pub G and see what
it feels like to play fast is not even
funny
wah wah besides the point having that
actual refresh rate on the monitor means
that I get higher FPS actually on the
screen that's displayed that monitor is
a much better response time even on
paper and in real life you can genuinely
feel it than these big things it's kind
of obvious guys let me know what you
think I should do I think it's gonna be
better if we switch to these yes they're
smaller but I'm thinking in this case
bigger is not always better I think
having these monitors number one is
gonna change the desk from looking
abnormally sized to fairly normally
sized it's gonna be better for gaming
and it's gonna fit its purpose the
ultimate gaming setup gaming being the
key word there Reilly guys I'm gonna
leave this up to
you to decide down there in the comment
section down below
what do you guys think should we get
another two of these monitors or should
we keep it like this and just have the
one gaming one in the middle and have
two massive ones do you wanna even do
three should we do to actualize or
should we do three I'm thinking we
should do three of these let me know
what you guys think down in the comments
anyway guys management likes you guys
have been awesome guys if you missed
yesterday's if I can catch that there
you're not subscribed to channel you can
click here and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog stay awesome guys
keep smiling adios
