yo guys if you ever have to break entry
into somebody else's house to get
something before that you've learned
them but they're not actually in and you
don't really know them that well in the
first place they're like an old friend
no didn't think so
well that's what we're doing this
morning on the vlog oh good I'm not sure
if she wants me to use her actual name
so I'm going to use the name Chantal
Chantal was when I was in school two
years or one year below me Jenna party
about two months ago so I lent her some
massive speakers as I said we're not
really that close friend oh but it's got
to the point now where I need to get
these speakers back off her because
somebody else wants to borrow them
apparently nobody's in her house she's
given me the code to the gate
I need to go in navigate the garage and
get the speakers
see guys the thing is I Drive a minute
he knew this but minis don't have much
space and these speakers are massive my
DJI inspire 1 lives 100% of its time in
my boot and I have it tied on by a
lightning cable so I need to take this
out in order to fit the speakers in the
car
hoes for the gay yes so this just feels
weird man I just don't feel like I
should be there's just somebody else's
house this is just very strange I feel
very illegal right now in somebody
else's garage right speaker speaker
speaker speaker
right hey guys excuse my watch going off
that is all of you guys snap showing me
if you haven't got my snapchat it's
mozzie snaps ma RZ i SN a PS go ahead
now today I post funny things on there
and I reply to you guys every now and
again every day at 6 p.m. or anyway guy
as you probably all know because you all
watch YouTube there's a thing called
trend and I want to do a well one of
these trends I feel like I never really
jump on the trend bandwagon I just sort
of do me and make my own sort of thing
yes I thought this would be a really
really really cool trend to do and I
literally am probably about six months
late however around six months ago there
was a trend going about that was insert
amount of money versus insert amount of
money people were doing like 10 pound
this versus 1000 pound this or I have
two drones one cheap one and one super
expensive one probably the most unfair
thing I've ever done should we do this
should we actually do it let's go first
mirror this row and that should be yep
here's the other drone I can just go
right there
so here guys we have the DJI spark if
you guys want look at pricing and
availability of all of these drones I'll
put them down there in at the
description do GI spark DJI inspire 1
version 2 DJI spark controller DJI
inspire 1 version 2 controller
everything about this drone is bigger
everything about this drone is smaller
obviously you're gonna get better
performance it's gonna be faster it's
gonna have better image quality but is
it worth it for the price let's get
these birds in the air there's two main
things are gonna be testing with these
two drones one enjoyment for that I'm
gonna be testing the speed and one the
picture quality and that simple image
quality you guys can be the judge of
that
right let's do this
now for a quick speed test I'm going to
start both the drones down there where
the boat is and as soon as they get past
this anchor here the race ends ok booty
one go
inspire one three two one race okay this
thing is a lot faster it's also a lot
bigger always coming in hot right so
come right here whilst the Sun is
setting just because it's a really
unfair test and inspire one versus a
spark it'll make it a little bit closer
if it's a bit dark because one major
weakness of the inspires camera is that
it's not very good not very good in low
light and there we go little Sparky I
think you hold up really well boy I
think you're amazing I'd say go for the
spark or if you want better image
quality go for a maverick or a phantom I
think if you have the money to spend on
an inspire one spend the extra money and
get the inspire - that's a proper
filmmakers drone this this is just the
halfway house and nobody wants a halfway
house a clip record on the camera and it
just makes the most funny noise that
this is a really professional camera rig
that I've got going on right here but
wait let me show you guys what it does
when you click record I find it so funny
you guys every time you can't record on
the - fully - it does - it goes - what
does your camera do when you start
nothing right let's put your guy's
brains on a few things every time I come
into the office or I leave the office
and make sure all of the legend
skateboards are turned off because I'm
really frightened that it's gonna burn
down the office and I need to know if if
there's just me overthinking things or I
should probably turn them off just to be
safe
so guys I think it's about time that
have a chat with you not about my wobbly
desk but about something that's been on
my mind now for quite some time I'm
finding it difficult to vlog and I'm
finding that difficult because I'm
finding inspiring myself at this moment
in my life very very hard now now let me
explain I get a lot of inspiration as
you guys have pointed out over the years
and as I've told you guys from a lot of
other different content coaches and I've
named them on my video whenever I do a
cool little thing or something's
inspired by something I always say oh
this was inspired by so-and-so so on and
so forth you guys get the point that's
what I've always I've always heard the
moment it just seems that YouTube is in
a really really really strange place at
the moment number one like where's the
you gone in this whole YouTube thing oh
yeah you don't hire me no and I'm not
working for you know working together
because you guys know yeah Alex what
about Luke he's your assistant right he
helps me with stuff and he is an
assistant but I say assistant as a joke
it's just something funny and expanding
on that word funny I feel like the way
YouTube is going it's just oh you have
to buy yourself a new car to get views
or you have to buy somebody else a car
to get views or you have to wake up
every morning and then scream do really
injure you main things and that's all
well and cool and I totally understand
that but then it's more of a sketch and
not a vlog or something real something
heart to heart something that's meant to
be a connection between you and your
audience and I'm gonna dis is over the
past in my video but I started doing
this vlogging thing because I wanted to
share my passion with you which was
building building a business and my main
goals in life which were to do what you
love turn that into a job and have
fun doing it and those are my three
things that I started this blog up to
share to share with you guys I'll tell
you what if your relationship with
syndicate goes in grows greater than
ours I'm gonna tie up with this here at
least oh no please not the LED strips
not the LED strips can I get a plain
double cheeseburger by itself then
please mate sweet guys all home at
Mackey's consumed in the kitchen
awful now I think this was another
concept that I've been thinking about as
well being totally overkill in the
videos I know it's cool to create videos
about like gaming selves and stuff which
is what I originally started to do on
YouTube as all of you guys know building
insane gaming selves now as insane as
this setup is right here with these
three massive ultra-wide it's super
unpractical little fishes have on camera
guys but look how small all of these
screens make that GT Omega chair so as
you guys can recently see I'm
resurrecting the main channel I've got
some videos going out on there you guys
know been doing the ultimate live stream
room part well one and twos out now I
think I'm gonna redo this and just make
it more practical making more gaming so
realistically Alex how can you call this
the ultimate gaming setup yes it's cool
it there's better gaming setups out
there for gaming and I want to have the
best one on the whole of Yugi but anyway
guys I really enjoy what I've been
chatting about in today's vlog on a
little bit of a drone comparison between
the DJI spark and the DJI inspire 1 -
Badal that's guys you guys have been
awesome click here to subscribe if
you're not already in click here to
watch yesterday's vlog if you missed it
I'll see you in tomorrow's one yes
