I'm
so in London for one main reason today
and you guys always think Alex went
whenever you in London and you always
meal with this guy
do you need him to look after your
something easy like your second dad's
and no this is my manager and they're
reasonable in today's because I get
invited I get invited to cool events and
Jack the pretty cool events aren't they
pretty cool and we're going and we'll go
into one of these events today but first
when were in London it's always best to
hit off with a few meetings on the real
though is sort here to make sure I don't
get lost the do need to do fit because I
do do a lot of stupid things so I'm
green light boys let's go
this this is where my meeting is today
when you go into a meeting you know what
the meetings about by I genuinely have
no idea what's going on all I know is
that this office building is absolutely
good
sweet then guys today's single and one
and only meeting over and done with down
in London again two birds one stone
I'm really down here because Google have
invited me to London this evening and
again I'm just really sort of confused
as to why they bought me down here I
have no idea I'm joking I think I have
pretty much every idea it's too wide
they've brought me down here meeting was
in this lovely little well coffee shop
it's now over
I'm waiting for my uber to go to
Google's HQ and I think I think it's
more of a party that Google are putting
on a Google party guys by the way check
out this Mars bar hoodie hoodie
something that you guys would want when
I finally released the merch or do you
just want t-shirts and stuff let me know
because I can do hoodies now
so unfortunately I made the gross error
of coming out in London in rush-hour
traffic I've got absolutely nowhere in
the taxi so now I'm on I'm on the
booster board hopefully I can get a
little bit close to the Google event
then the taxi would permit no
what you just took born in the jugular
man motor turns this cubical event I
have no idea what is thanks
probably some phones with some Google
homes have no idea I submit into the
Google event the first thing is I'm a
little bit hungry so I'm here we SAP and
we are ordering some donuts on the phone
special unboxing
from the donut shop guys want to see
what we've got inside
look at that belly
not sure if you guys can hear me
impotence is the brand-new
good
that she's really
I'm James
gay man like the circuit on a booster
board it's so so much fun so the Google
event was absolutely awesome met a load
of absolutely awesome people but also a
lot of famous people like actual famous
people deejays I mean act storms his
girlfriend was there mad I think the
thing to take away from this is that I
am booked into gugak tin to Google's
headquarters
whoa whatever you do wrong
these things are so dangerous in the
rain like so dangerous and it's so cold
I'm booked in to visit
Google's headquarters this month to pick
up not one not two but hopefully five
different items this is what I want I
want a phone and then I want the phone
to giveaway and then I want the new
small Google home and then I want two
big Google homes
and then maybe like three other Google
phones to give away that's like ten
things I want ten things from Google on
the first day of pics or Google get to
me so I'll have a chat with them guys I
promise but today today has been awesome
awesome little meeting followed up by
the events at Google and unfortunately I
can't really tell you guys what the
meeting was about beforehand it's just
you know one of those things when it
can't tell you yet but it's something
cool and it was awesome meeting with all
my other YouTube friends or much rather
UK YouTube friends but I tend home
because it is super late today has been
absolutely awesome I really hope you
guys have enjoyed at the Vanara right
then guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog exactly I started picking
up my bag down here this morning jetting
right off to London it's been an amazing
day guys I really hope you've enjoyed
the vlog guys if there's anything you
think I could improve in the vlogs
please let me know in the comment
section down below or on Twitter guys I
love everything all of you whether
you're subscribed or not and if you're
not subscribed subscribe button you can
click it right there watching today's
vlog right here guys and as always stay
awesome guys keep smiling I'll see you
in tomorrow's vlog
