good morning guys how y'all doing my
name is of course Alex guys and welcome
back to and daily vlog let's see guys
before I go ahead and start today's vlog
it's one of them ones where I just need
to sort all this mess out because well
it's absolutely killing my OCD ha go
ahead and do that guys though the
assistant has just arrived I need to go
out
thanks for coming to fix my dog bro he's
been to the shop for me it's got me
exactly what I need to fix my bedroom
door he's just that you're just the best
person in the world but though his kids
bringing out the door fix it
literally on this handle I was having to
go like and then like shake it like that
and yeah I picked in that for me mr.
assistant so you go without then we have
got something to talk about which is
this setup right here and a few other
important things but first as I told you
guys we need to clean this pronto
that's you guys
snap trying me how mad is that it's
about as mad is that stand it looks
absolutely awesome look at that thing
finally the door works and I've also
installed a lock on the door to protect
the Ultima gaming setup other than that
guys the room is looking clean now the
reason I'm making such a big deal out of
the room is because in this vlog I need
to let you guys know something a little
bit serious I'll let you guys know at
the end of the vod's need to talk about
and it's absolutely awesome this is
amazing lot of us tell you guys later
right jous ash right so I need to go to
Jim sex like I've been doing every day I
told you guys that I needed to get back
back on the gym stuff I haven't been
using the gym at home as much if at all
now because pretty much I've got a gym
membership for a gym that's literally
opposite the office so before I come and
undo my work go to the gym would you
super cool what isn't cool though is the
work I've got to do this evening now I
usually really really really enjoy work
it's not my favorite things you know I
love to work trying to exclude me using
the word work here because is it really
work if you love what are you doing the
reason why my work this evening isn't
the best or wiser this evening isn't the
best is because all day I've been
receiving complaints so unlike any other
days of my normal typical work day this
this one has been not so good and that's
because things went wrong but for me to
explain this to you guys I need to show
you guys the business model or much
rather my three business models number
one promotional video before I did these
here YouTube videos my main focus of my
life and what I wanted to do for the
remainder of my life was promotional
video now this is for when anybody has a
wedding or they own a business and they
want something videoing now these
consist of videos like how-to videos to
promote companies and videos to capture
a special moment
business model number two for me is QT
dot-com now this is not my business
however let's say of this business was
worth one hundred little lines I own a
few of these lines only a few
now this is business model number three
Mars media plus I personally own all of
this which means nobody helps me with it
so when something goes wrong it's all my
fault and this is what Mars media plus
is it's an ISP which stands for Internet
service provider but it's actually a W
is P and that W stands for Wireless so
that makes me a wireless Internet
service provider and Alex how do you do
that well this here is my house I send a
really really really really really
really really powerful internet
connection to my house I then put an
antenna on top of my house which then
sends the signal out the internet signal
to all of these people's houses which
are all of my neighbors which I go and
put dishes on their house they then
receive their internet for their entire
house wirelessly from my house right
here I then charge them per month for
this and I have a fair few clients but
what happens when this connection the
main connection into my house dies my
internet goes off and so does everybody
else's and a lot of these people are
businesses that means they work from
home and rely on my internet and when
the main connection from my house goes
down these people are very happy
and that has been why today hasn't been
such a great workday but everything
everything is fixed now without being
said I really need to go to the gym
right so just finished in the gym
I'm gonna call my Apple watch and see we
are now three days after I've had my
numerous calls within here trying to get
this sorted out and no still no cellular
service it doesn't work Apple it does
not work do not buy a series three
cellular I've had this thing now for
almost two weeks
still cool guys Jim session all wrapped
up before I carry on with today's vlog
and talk to you guys about what I want
to talk to you about which is a big deal
and need to go for a Nando's and the
thing is you guys will never guess who
I'm going to Nando's with not in a
million years
oh no hi Jordyn tell everybody why
you're not friends with me anymore
oh yeah why'd you stop hanging out with
me I've got a new job i up i up here and
it's in its in its put a barrier between
this as a net yeah we do that you can't
still have to London I've missed hanging
out with Jordan is so funny writing guys
10 p.m. back in the office and if we go
through this it's gonna be called the
marzipan house and we're gonna do it up
and it's going to be amazing right right
the guys I've found the actual house
that I am looking at it's been so long
since I've actually thought right I'm
gonna go and take a look round an actual
house and I think on Saturday as long as
some of this falls through like it did
last time we're gonna go take a look
round the house that I am looking at
yeah founder finder how do you guys know
I was obviously looking to move out and
it like a marzipan featured flat or
something but this is like a full-blown
house mad and it's difficult because I
still want to be in like a good driving
range to this office which I love okay
boom there's the kitchen it's really
really really really cool
couple of different angles of it and
then obviously you've got the actual
outside of the house it has like a
little awesome Terrace thing and some
five fold doors which is really really
really cool like a really awesome little
lounge area the little table see if
you've got meals in the kitchen etc and
then it actually has three bedrooms so
obviously pobably get rid of one of
those bedrooms and convert the biggest
one maybe into the office so we could do
streams from home and stuff as well as
come to the live streaming room and just
general work from home go in one room
there's just like our room the Mars
remember could build the ultimate set up
in there and then it's not missing
another spare room and then like a main
room as well and then two massive
bathrooms obviously I know that all of
these pictures online of like these
homes and stuff are really deceiving so
that is obviously what I'm gonna go
around and look around
probably figure out that out it looks
nothing like the photos I'd be really
disappointed but I wanted to share with
you guys what I've been thinking I've
been looking at properties for so long
now and finally found this little thing
and it seems so far to be the most
promising one so there you go hopefully
on Saturday we can go and look around
anyway guys I'm gonna go ahead and get
some rest because tomorrow I'm shooting
off to London to buy this in this vlogs
live you should have an inkling as to
why I'm in London right now so guys and
need to get some rest
- Blahniks guys you guys been awesome
guy steals and keeps smiling I love all
of you guys thank you for making my
dreams that come true go out and chase
yours let me know how you're doing over
on Twitter and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog okay if you missed
yesterday's got kids subscribe if you
know already guys
addi
