that's amazing look wait a minute they
light up a sick
evening how are you just starting the
vlog of victory recording the sunset
yeah I've just recorded the sunset and a
major starting the vlog I need to
apologize but there's something really
really wrong but I need to tell you guys
so guys I know it's really late and I
want to go ahead and apologize for that
starting the vlog super super late today
but there's a main reason as to why that
is because well doors are a big part of
Jacob okay I really need to do the vlog
because I'm really late and I haven't
done the video all day so what's the
problem is your Xbox not working yeah
right I'll come and help you but I don't
have long
we need to put the disc in the Xbox
before you can play things okay okay so
set yourself the scene I hate it all of
these daily vlogs on my macbook my
MacBook was inside this room it was sat
on my bed probably right where it is now
I come home for my Monday morning
meeting before I've started the vlog and
I want to edit yesterday's I come up
here I put the handle down on the door
to open it the door doesn't open it
didn't open I have been physically
locked out of my bedroom all day you
push the handle down and it doesn't move
it's all sorted now though I managed to
get a screwdriver and dismantle the
whole lock it took me about an hour but
we're fine now let's go
okay guys so I've sent off an awesome
snapchat giveaway parcel that someone
won on my snapchat a little snapchat
giveaway that I did have my snapchat you
should add it and I've also managed to
like pick up two parcels as well and get
all of my Amazon stuff delivered to the
toaster finish because nine times out of
ten I'm usually not at home because I'm
out doing something cool on the vlog
I've got some parcels what to say
see this is the problem if I shut this
door I'm locked in here and that's not
one
Alex why have you bought a load of neon
paint for me to explain guys what these
are I need to put them in the bag and
jet to the office
oh right I've done this about 15 times
you can ask me from your name and ask me
from your passwords
buddy guys finally in the office you
guys can see what I bought all this for
in two minutes cuz quick Jim such first
obviously there we go Alex what have you
got all this paint for I love come to
the office at night - penis mat random
noises no one's in but there's something
about this being a professional working
environment and then coming later when
no one's here kind of scary actually
it's kinda like a very big scary
building and I'm here all by myself
there we go that is what these are for
these are glow-in-the-dark paints and
the way they glow in the dark is they
react to this UV light here no hundred
percent sure how they do it so if any of
you know put that down in the comments I
got you don't know it's quite
interesting
well let's kill the LEDs all about sick
that's amazing look wait a minute they
light up Oh sick the yellow one is
definitely the best way I've got a whole
I've got a whole box of them here that
way oh cool if you guys can see that but
the M logo is actually light up on the
consoles which is sweet but one thing in
a doing look how cool that is is
actually painting the consoles in this
color no way you guys can see me right
now but what I'm saying is splash this
sort of coloring all over the consoles
and make them look super super cool do
you guys think that would be a cool idea
let me know down there in the comments
right so here is our xbox one and here
is our PlayStation 4 now just to preface
guys I'm not gonna do this tonight I
really do want to get your guys opinions
but I've got two sets of neon pain this
one here and I'm a load of these
individual ones in here and I think the
yellow is the one that works the best
like look at that and look you can even
see it with the LEDs on obviously I know
this room looks absolutely awesome and
really professional and this may not
look professional but I think it will
look really Edgeley and really cool if
these have neon paint splattered
although that is why I bought the UV
light nobody guessed that was going to
be doing this to the consoles right it's
Q&A time though guys it's that time
again we're back on Sunday for another
Q&A I hope you like the new little set
that I've got going on here for the
vlogs for the Q&A we've got the live
streaming behind I think it looks
absolutely awesome let's jump straight
in to the first question Alex
Jack asks have you ever want to delete
any of your channels including older
ones PS living the vlogs at the moment I
have low ever deleted older channels era
channel called Brookes TV a long time
ago that has been deleted and here are
some of the videos from
I believe that channel them some cool
videos on that let me know got me to
reload them sometime unlike maybe a
throwback week on the main channel or
something hashtag ass Mars Elliott says
why don't you answer people's snapchat
calls and turn it into a main channel
series Elliott I think you're on to
something there I really do I'm gonna do
that Shawn Odell says hashtag ass Mars
who is your favorite superhero and why
Casey nice tan okay Archie says and this
caused a little bit of an uprising and a
bit of like mental comments at the time
RG says hashtag ass Mars
what does Maria think of the party
picture you took for a saffron now if
you haven't seen the picture I'll put it
on screen now I did not upload this
picture saffron put this on her
Instagram and obviously you guys know
that uh I'm in a long like long-term
relationship I've been with my
girlfriend Maria since like last year so
it kind of is like a little bit to you
guys Alex what what the hell are you
stood in in a hotel room in bathrobes
with saffron for that's a bit where do
you not think but the way I look at it
is nothing that was it was just an it
was just like nothing was about that
picture was it did didn't mean anything
there was two bathrooms in my in my
hotel room and it wasn't just me and
saffron in in the hotel room there was a
load of other youtubers in this hotel
room it was a huge room and it's kind of
like an after-party going on there
saffron was there I was getting really
tired so I went to put on one of the
bathrobes saffron was like yo that will
make a sick Instagram photo is there
another bathrobe and I was like yeah I
think there's one in the bathroom she
went and put it on and then she was like
oh can we take a photo it looks really
cool
so then we took a photo she put it on
her Instagram that's literal it was and
nothing more and then everybody was like
oh my god I was cheating on Maria
no it was just to sort of photo people
in a photo just sort of acting out she
can't look cool nothing it wasn't as big
a deal as everybody made it headed says
hashtag a smiles when do you and Maria
plan to have
Oh jr. not for a long time I do want
kids though two kids and a girl first
and a dog and a few cats Nathan says
that Marvel gaming hashtag as Mars Alex
when do you think your first live stream
will be and well it depends because I
don't necessarily have to finish the
ultimate live streaming room series to
finish or to start live hopefully within
the next month and a half I'd love to
have a 24 hour stream started for you
guys hopefully with the charity involved
and we can raise a little bit of money
and/or collaborate on it together and it
can be just a good time right from this
room that we're building right behind us
which by the way is gonna be a think a
new set for these uh q and A's alright
guys Q&A finished I'm gonna take this
microphone home with me this is my
really really really expensive
microphone that I use well I bought to
do the live streams with I'm gonna take
it home for now because Toby's coming
over tonight and I feel like we might do
a little live stream playing some pub G
daily routine when you leave the office
well a very office I have stolen one
thing for you and that is the microphone
right guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog here I really do hope
you've enjoyed it Toby and I finished up
a quick test stream to see you being
testing out this new little setup but
the microphone coming up there Toby sits
down his little gaming rig by the webcam
arm have been streaming I think it
turned out really really well or you
guys if you don't follow me on Twitch
make sure you follow me anyway guys I
really hope you have enjoyed today's
daily vlog if you have guys smash it
with a light rating if you'd missed
yesterday's vlog you can watch that here
you're not subscribed you can click
right here and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys audience
