guys before this video starts I just
want to say a massive huge thank you for
400,000 subscribers on my vlog channel
that's insane I want to apologize there
was no video on Sunday which means you
guys didn't see what I did on Saturday
all day on saturday i sat there editing
the ultimate livestreamer in part two it
took me about six hours and I didn't
want to do a vlog of me just sat there
anything I think that would be pointless
after I'd sat there for about six hours
on Saturday editing the ultimate
livestreamer in part two and got it
uploaded I then got in the car and drove
about two hours to check into a hotel
near London
so Alex why you down in London in what
looks to be like a really really really
fancy hotel well one of my business
partners yeah it was his 40th birthday
and he went large
the next day
so as well as my friend Darwin's
birthday there's another reason as to
why I'm currently down here Alice hey
guys my guy hey Tim bro Yeah right yes
thank you
so guys I'm back here at Mac's protect
and if he notices telling you don't want
Mac to protect is pretty much about six
months ago probably five months ago
they wrapped my car and a lot of murders
were Alex there now trap jacquard the
color hasn't changed and no what they
did was they actually put on it like a a
special film it's called a paint
protection film it's a film that you put
over the car it makes the car shine more
but it still retains the cool that you
bought it in and now I'm thinking you
know four or five months later they
actually want to change the color of the
car but I don't just want to go for a
bog-standard color now I'm not sure how
well this is gonna show up on camera but
check this out the car changes color so
imagine the whole car changing color as
you look around the vehicle depending on
like the lights on the car guys look at
the others Porsches that match
protective got in right here we go yeah
that's where am i booked in forward 13th
of November 13th of November so guys we
have until then to decide what we are
going to get the car at then I'm
bringing it back down here to Matt's
protect and we're gonna go ham on it
dude I'll see you then
so guys just got back all the way from
London it's taken me four and a half
hours to drive back it's good because I
love driving so guys I honestly need
your help
I need your help to let me know what you
think I should do to my car now I've
shown you guys that awesome
color-changing wrap that they put on the
start of my car lot on the bonnet and on
the roof just to see what it would look
like as much however as I do think that
is absolutely awesome that you can get a
rap that changes color it unfortunately
makes the roof look pink and the body of
the car look purple and I just think
that I just know that you guys have take
the mick out and they've had a pink and
purple car right if you guys do have any
recommendations about raps or you've
seen her up online or you have a friend
that's got a rap and you think it's
awesome you think I should get it done
to my Minnie
please go ahead and tweet it to me and
then I will possibly consider it I'm
gonna listen to you guys and I will
physically change the colour of my car
for you the Mars 'mobile will it'll be
mad trust me we'll go ham I want you
guys to help me though on the rap right
then guys I want to go ahead and show
you my phone screen real quick because
I've had a few phone conversations on
the car on the drive back down from
London okay so there's two phone calls I
want to show you guys in particular so
here is my phone as you can see the
walls I want to show you a 150 and Tom
okay so I'll kick off with Tom I had a
conversation with him in the car on the
way back
read these tweets gave me a call and
pretty much tom has rubbish internet so
Tom obviously you guys know tom is
syndicate everybody knows syndicate the
og himself I love him is a genius I've
literally watched him since his first
video his main channel sound like a
proper fanboy Tom if you're watching
massive respect dude if you guys
obviously know that he's a youtuber and
he does twitch in all of this malarkey
and again you guys know to do YouTube to
upload consistently as a daily vlogger
and to live stream on Twitch guys you
need a fairly powerful internet
connection and I think it's fairly
evident that I know a thing or two about
internet maybe because I kind of run my
own ISP I'm gonna go down to his place
trying to sort eyes in tonight's give me
all this detail part to the call 2-1 501
501 I dialed on my phone to get through
to my carrier which is
in the UK in four days I am out of
apples return window I will no longer be
able to return this thing in four days
time and it still doesn't work I still
could not make a phone call on this
thing I can't do why it's advertised to
do it doesn't connect to Cellular so
that's that Tom's got rubbish internet
and it's all about my Apple watch
doesn't working there's one more thing
oh yeah let me go and get something
this this has got my mind fried so
before I'll go ahead and tell you guys
what the problem is I want to preface
that I have factory reset this phone so
I'm gonna use my phone right and I'm
gonna text my stepmothers phone right
and bear mine this happens to everybody
on her phone
not just my text how frustrating is this
right so my phone and my stepmothers
phone right Alex Rhiannon what I'm gonna
go ahead and do is go ahead on my
stepmoms phone and text me and just say
hi Alex right as you can see she's
typing I'll click send and it comes
through right I'm gonna reply and say
hello right when I reply to her it
should appear down here am i correct yes
I am I'm gonna send it watch where it
appears three two one what so imagine if
she'd sent me loads of text I'm just
gonna send loads of text now like right
so imagine if my stepmom but
theoretically it sent me loads of text
in a string like this right and as you
can see they've come through there
and I start replying to them and I put
that call right and I send that to her
right she's not gonna get it because it
goes up there with all the other ones
like this isn't this is just wrong now
guys the reason telling you all of this
and the reason this is all going to make
sense is because this next sentence I'm
about to say right you've got Tommy's
internet that doesn't work you've got my
upper watch that I complain about
compulsively and you've got this phone
I'm currently complaining about to you
guys now and what I want to do with you
guys you know what you guys to help me
out here I want you to put down in the
comment section what is your favorite
charity I sit here to you guys and I
complain about technology this this and
that and I know in my head and what I
sound so ridiculous so many other things
going on in the world guys so much other
so many other big big problems out there
people's lives getting destroyed in
hurricanes and natural disasters and
people don't even have access to clean
water when I start live streaming I want
to set up something where it's charity
work I might even do a 24 hour live
stream for the first live stream to kick
it off but I don't want to make it a
one-off thing I want a portion of every
single bit of the earnings that we make
from the live do me room to go to
charity because I love and I'm sure
everybody does love it
giving back and helping out and I know
donating a little bit of money isn't
really gonna help anything but it's
better than nothing I don't know
probably sitting here complaining about
little bits of technology seems really
light-hearted and fun and edgy and guys
there's so many other things in the
world that deserve much more attention
than me sat here talking to you guys
about this so guys let me know what your
favorite charities are the charities
closest to your heart are down in the
comment section down below and I'm going
to try and fulfill everybody's needs and
donate a little bit of money from the
live streaming room and stuff to these
charities because I feel like that's
what we need to do as a collective and I
feel like right then guys with that
other way hopefully you let me know what
the charity is that's closest to your
heart down in the conversation down
below Sunday tonight guys I'm gonna get
myself off to the gym three other guys
how awesome is this room if you guys
haven't seen part two of building the
ultimate live-streaming room everything
about it is just so so thumbs up right
then guys I'm gonna go ahead and get
some rest this evening I hope you've
enjoyed Sunday's chill vlog who got
awesome week of vlogmas coming up a vlog
every single day let's do this I'll see
all of your faces in tomorrow's vlog
adios
