good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex guys 6:15 a.m.
in the office this morning I haven't
slept all night its pitch black outside
so guys I hope all of you enjoyed the
DJI spark video review that is yesterday
if you didn't catch it I actually
reviewed the DJI spark like a little bit
of a stupid review type thing even
though the video quality isn't the best
out the drone I mean it's definitely
usable it's not the best though it's
just an awesome tiny little drone so if
you guys this is a video go check it out
but I want to give a massive shout out
to LastPass for making this vlog
possible and a lot of things when a
company gets in Kanto in me and I Alex
you know we sponsor one of your videos
and I'm like well heck yes because I
already use the product I already use it
in my daily life I probably shouldn't
say this and this is really bad but most
of my pastors it is the same word with
like 1 2 3 and exclamation mark at the
end that comes up come on I'm not the
only one now introduce LastPass I've
used this program or this little bit of
software for the last 3 years by which
voice voice it's a place to store all of
your passwords so you'll never forget
what the passwords are it helps relieve
like the trouble of looking for
passwords and the anxiety of like being
locked out of your account
and the fact is you don't even have to
write your password so LastPass actually
has a browser extension which you can
see here and when you come to login and
I'll show you guys in a second no use
like Amazon is an example I'll create a
new LastPass account here so I can show
you guys I'm going to add an item and
I'm gonna add a password
there we go it's got my email address
under it but there is my Amazon password
and account you can also have things
like addresses and payment cards and
bank account
as you can see indicated here LastPass
is already pre-populated by email
address and password so what I have to
do is click Sign In simple as that
that's a troubling - LastPass in the
description I use it daily it's insane
let's get on with the vlog
you
I know you put me thinking to yourself
we probably see self Alex this isn't a
meeting you've just come to get your car
serviced happen this is genuinely a
meeting ah the mini garage I feel like
I'm home again this is where I bought my
car from look at the color of that work
so I'm actually going into the mini
garage right now to talk to a sales
representative about just driving some
of their newer cars in the vlog just for
the vlog yes I want to try that do
whatever you want yeah outcome of this
meeting is that on the week commencing
the 16th of October one day in that week
I'm gonna come down to the mini garage
literally Pointer a car and they're just
gonna give it to me all those guys for
the day just to go mess around in that
is so so cool no strings attached they
just said they love the videos so if you
guys have any particular minis that you
want me to drive on the day please let
me know and I'll make sure they have it
in for me to pick up on the day that I
do it we commencing the 16th but I
really really really want to drive this
JC to be look at this beast I mean if it
was a bit cleaner it would be nice and
then there's this Jason over here which
is kind of like my walk guys let me know
what cars I should ask them to get in
stock for us this is gonna be wicked
obviously about to come to town to go to
the mini garage so I thought while I'm
in town I killed two birds with one
stone
and see my old friend catch you're
finished with see Clara
chimichenga Thank You chimichenga for
the free meal it genuinely gave me a
free meal I love these guys go check out
chimichanga is so awesome genuinely see
that I literally good-willed the bill
for me so I didn't have to pay but my
food it comes up to me and he's like
Alex I absolutely love your videos
you're not paying for this meal
chimichanga they're amazing what some
people I've never been chimichanga
before I'm definitely definitely going
back that is insane morning I'll come
back with this I've been to the game
store because I'm recording tonight part
two of building the ultimate
live-streaming dream I know this is
totally totally just a big surprise I
didn't know I was gonna be filming it
myself but I just thought you know what
I want to be creative and I love I love
being great you guys you have to wait
and find out in the ultimate live
streaming room episode what I bought in
this bag it's going up very shortly the
also a livestream room part two will be
edited and uploaded probably two hours
after this vlog I'm pushing myself to
the limit here it's cool because I love
creating content
really really really busy beating the
obvious evening recording the ultimate
live streaming room episode - up there
it's actually my grandma's birthday
today and I need to go and see her
you're 80 next year that's crazy right
be very good dating grandma it's okay no
problem I'm visiting my grandma massive
surprise for her for me to go round that
Lake and go and see her funny thing was
I had to ring the doorbell about 15
times I think she thought it was a cold
caller or something at the door ringing
the doorbell I was actually holding it
down took about five minutes for her to
come to the door it was freezing right I
need to start recording part two of
building the ultimate live streaming
office
McDonald's I started doing breakfast so
I've got myself a bacon and egg bagel so
with that being said guys never do hate
you've enjoyed today's block if you have
guys a like rating would be awesome as I
say guys ulr part two should be out by
now two hours after this vlog first goes
live so go watch that guides if you miss
yesterday's vlog click here if you're
not subscribed click here and I'll see
you in tomorrow's daily vlog guys hope
your faces let's do this together
adios
