just bid on a little shopping date with
Maria it's my last my last few hours in
Manchester right now also check out and
check out this guy's phone case no
worries no I'll give you a call back
tomorrow so whenever I want to test out
a camera I come out when people just
about start turning the lights on on
their cars the reason for that is
because well the sky is starting to turn
a little bit darker and the ground is
also quite dark and it's hard for a
camera to differentiate the light and
the dark so whenever I want to come out
purely to test a camera about 7:00 p.m.
is when I come out it's about 10:00 to
7:00 right now and behind me I've got
the DJI spark the smallish drone that
DJI currently make quick disclaimer DGI
did send this drone to me but have not
advised me to say absolutely anything to
you guys other than to show you which
features so I'm gonna do just that and
tell you my honest opinions first off
let's categorize this size ease of use
in flight and camera
now obviously everything fits in this
little satchel that comes with the drone
so sighs as far as drones are concerned
is 10 out of 10
you've got the controller you've got the
drone and for the purpose of this video
in the front of the packet it also
stores the prop guards which I'm going
to put on the drone for this
demonstration
installing the prop guards very easy
process and now going to turn on the
drone by pressing and holding the back
button and I'm actually going to use the
bag as a platform for takeoff same as
the controller I'm gonna turn it on
press once press and hold on it goes so
as far as I know you actually need to
use your phone to control the drone so
you get like a live preview however you
don't connect the phone via a cable to
the controller the controller actually
broadcasts its own Wi-Fi which are
picked up here called spark RC now I'm
going to place the phone in the holder
now let's take this thing off and look
at its features you can actually control
this drone with your hand now you can
actually use what's called palm launch
with this thing and launch this thing
from your hand we'll test that out in
another video though cuz that seems
quite scary let's just see if we can
move the drone with our hand first let's
get it in the air
erupts like an earthquake and then it
subsides when it subsides you have to
make a decision to work out whether your
rooms have become so entwined together
because this is
mr. lonely I have nobody for my
we wish I had someone
so unfortunately out on a little field
trip my main camera died so I'm gonna
carry on this review when I get back to
the office
I wish dentures boss Scotty five stars
you're a star thank you very much do too
babe
three trains three trains it takes me to
get back home from Manchester just to
see my girlfriend
hashtag dedicated boyfriend we will
carry on the Digi I spy review when I
get home but for now he's gonna love you
for a second
so guys now back in the office let's
carry on with the purpose of today's
video
it was awesome simmer air down in
Manchester I love the new house that
she's in it's really nice but mostly you
guys house you know if you have a
girlfriend or someone that you really
care about if you worried about them you
don't stop worrying about them and she
moved into a new house with new people
so obviously I've been worried about
them now God and Xena and everything is
okay he's taking a massive way off my
shoulders I genuinely feel a lot happier
so what were the four thing is the size
the ease of use the in-flight beaches
under camera so ease of use my drone
came with two batteries and this awesome
little charging photo that you plug in
really really easy you hit record push
two sticks in
and it takes off it's literally as
simple about my brother could pick this
up and fly it almost left is the camera
this guy's is up to you bear in mind the
size of this thing
it's not going to be 4k and it's not
gonna blow your socks off it would be an
absolute miracle miracle if it did I'm
gonna go out with this thing right now
choose them inside shoot some outside
shoot some well-lit shoot some dark lit
scenes and you guys can be the church
inside of here you've got the controller
you've got the drone itself I've even
got the prop guards I've got two
batteries the full-on charger unit that
charges the battery cradle and the
controller it's all inside of here
everything is in this thing okay if
you're wanting a portable drone to take
wherever you want to take it you're not
that bothered about the picture quality
even though it's alright and you're as
in love as I am with the cool gesture
features they are awesome then this guy
will not disappoint they haven't paid me
to say a word I swear all they did was
send this out and I'm glad they did
because it's amazing anyway guys
management likes you guys have been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's daily
vlog I love your faces
