uber in three two so I'm currently in my
uber on my way to Elliott's I've left
mirror at home because she has to go to
uni this afternoon so there's no point
in me staying in a uni accommodation
I've planned an absolutely awesome video
to do with you guys today with my friend
Elliot let's get into it
this is his second year of uni my friend
Elliot is a massive tech head although
it's not very good at it
so I've arrived down here to pimp his
uni flat with tech that sound like a
good idea bro right so this is gonna be
a little bit difficult for me because
Elliot does kind of know what he's doing
so I think first off we need to take a
little tour FL it's Union we've gotta
take it away bro okay right so window
I'm on ground floor this year which
isn't too bad and it's not as bad as I
thought it would be my Mac and when that
book as well if you go into uni
definitely get on that book just saying
and then also through here you've got
the toilet which is just there
bog-standard just about fits two people
in so yeah goes in it telly there he's
got a little surround sound system which
guys mark and then you've got MacBook
there it's looking fairly good right I
don't really know what to do of course I
don't what to do
we can fix this thing up what Elliot
what is this cable management bro sorry
sorry this is just desire another reason
I need YouTube is because we said we
wanted to control all the lights in this
room with our voices and for that we
need her down there Alexa red light
keeps coming on and I don't know what to
do so this is another problem obviously
when you are in a unique light you have
to use the Uni flats Wi-Fi you don't
have your
private Wi-Fi network so we're gonna try
and saw Ellie out his own private Wi-Fi
today so we can control his lights with
a lexer I'll show you guys how we're
gonna do that this is pimping a unique
flat room the first and probably final
episode let's do this
oh wait bro I've got something to show
you wait a minute you've already seen it
no no no no no that that's mine so as
you guys saw in yesterday's video I
unboxed the DJI spark unfortunately
today the weather in Manchester is not
going to permit us to fly it but in the
corridor there's a load of space so
let's put us on charge right now and
have to move in the room we'll take off
the spark inside
down there that mess down there I have
the DJI spark on so what about charging
up gives us a perfect opportunity to
sort out Eliot's unity room and take
this thing out so oh yeah I bought you
presents mania so in here I've got
Elliot an LED strips on cable management
stuff and also a wireless plug that can
be turned on via speaking to Alexa
obviously if she owners are like sir oh
we're gonna need that present I got if
you birthday as well like three months
ago or have a long ago your birthday was
come on through there we are
first off when you set up the Wi-Fi
hotspot and give Elliot is own Wi-Fi
there you go Elliot now has his own
Wi-Fi called it's me Elliot
step one of pimping the MU room creating
his own network complete Bradley with
your Wi-Fi your Alexa should be online
ask it a question
so before came Elliot it already piped
in a surround sound speaker system as
you can see so if you tell Alexa there
you go it comes out the surround sound
so Elliot this is the wireless plug that
up for you it was like $11.99 of Amazon
so if this works I'll put a link to it
in the description let's get this thing
set up to your LEDs but first we need to
install the LED strip I got you he
wanted to put it on top of the unit hey
man I was pretty sick that's wicked
ready okay Alexa turn on the room lights
this is the pimped out you know room so
far a lexer installed its own Wi-Fi LED
smart plugs wait just for good look
touch wood fingers crossed
Alexa turn off the room lights yes just
gonna sort out a little bit of cable
management for Elliot and then it's
montage time
rather now we have who you're very happy
thanks for coming wait right you guys
it's common anything down below that you
think we could do on a round two of
pimping Elliot's uniboob we've got all
this space to play with so Elliot I'm
sure he would appreciate it bro I've got
something to show you guys how odd is
this I need to speak really quietly
because everybody's in bed right now is
getting kind of tight it's made it back
to Maria's uni accommodation she's
upstairs getting ready because we're
gonna go out this evening but she said
to me that there's a basement underneath
the union combination which I'm in right
now
Andrea lifts with a bunch of other girls
in this house that she's at Union I
think there's like four girls including
her that living this out and Maria said
that they want to do something
absolutely awesome down here in this
room ye like turn it into like a little
mini project to things like projectors
looks clean that
so hey guys this is what the main room
down here just lit up by this what if
you turn this off so guys let me know if
I'm gonna end today's vlog in this
basement dude hey you've enjoyed it guys
- not like you guys feel surprised
Dale's keep smiling and I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's daily vlog
