what a mess this looks awesome man I
mean look at this look at this there's
stuff everywhere it doesn't look bad
though it looks like we get things done
which is well we do get things done in
here this is a work environment and it's
also a play environment it's probably
10% work 90% play realistically I've
been hit very hard guys hit very hard
with coal the way God's recognizes when
you get a cold a cold is like everybody
else in the world it's gonna try and
bring you down what we've got to do is
push on theoretically show the cold that
is not even affecting you if it two days
and it will disappear I'm on my second
day now this will be gone tomorrow
so gentle I've been working extremely
hard in the office all day today we
literally haven't stopped I've been
doing a desk job and I'm sweating I know
that you guys like drones especially
this one this is the inspire one one of
the best drones money can buy
it's incredible and it's for well I'd
say a professional but I wouldn't call
myself this is a drone you get to shoot
promotional videos and in the past
before regulations came around many
years ago I used to use this to film
promotional video I then started flying
the drone in the vlogs and you guys
absolutely loved it
it went through a stage where I stopped
flying the drone and all of the comments
down below where Alex keep flying the
drone Alex where's the drone footage
Alex why'd you stop flying the drone we
love it I understand
everybody likes drones and the footage
that comes from them why I've spent all
day working today because I've got a
parcel that's arrived at home and I
genuinely can't wait to see what's
inside because I'm gonna love it and I'm
pretty sure I'm pretty sure you guys
will tell amazing day's work in it the
office today I feel like I feel like I
deserve to go home and have a little bit
of playtime with you guys let's do
amazing unboxing it's been so long since
the company is send something out for us
to have a look at and I think today
today is like the good old days as you
can tell but I'm really really excited
the most dangerous thing I've ever going
to make pile a cow quickly just gonna
get some footage with the drone so you
guys can see what the inspire 1 looks
like pretty much all of my drone footage
throughout the entire channel has been
filmed on the inspire 1 drone so it's
gonna take it over town right now so you
guys can see what a cinema drone looks
like
sweet guys finally home and it's just
got dark
I'm absolutely smattering Jed and I have
absolutely smashed it in the office
today
Jed's been working very hard for me at
the moment on tech flow IO massive
credibility for that has been absolutely
grinding his ass off and you guys know
doesn't matter what you do as long as
you work hard I have a massive massive
respect for you also I've been get a lot
of questions as to Alex why do you
always keep this blind closed it's
broken doesn't have the time to fix it
it's not on my priority list I need a
blind expert oh just thinking about it
you guys pick on the most random things
like how do you know anyway who cares
about the blind let's see what's in this
box questions about this actually you
guys are always that Alex you clearly
already know what's in the box
why do you why do you always build so
much height you obviously all you know
you've been in contact with the company
it's either something you've bought
yourself so you know exactly what it is
or the company's reached out to you and
said Alex can we send you this I know I
understand that right and I build a pipe
I know but please understand obviously
if I buy something I do know what it is
but all the time company sends the file
for me to unbox and play with on the
vlog it's fun for me it's fun for you
guys we get to test out the latest tech
I get to tell you guys what I think of
it just an all-around fun thing to do
but fortunately doesn't work like that
I'm actually part of a team with a load
of other youtubers actually Morgan
Hudson's involved you guys will know him
I actually don't do my emails somebody
else does them for me and I asked said
person specifically not to tell me what
our company sending obviously needs to
tell me that something's arriving and
what company it's from but I don't want
him to tell me what product it is all I
know one here is it says this is from DJ
I that is all it says now this could be
a drone or it could be a gimbal or
something else amongst what DJI offers
but we're not gonna know until we get in
the box
what do we have here then overall this
is interesting it's a little white box
oh I I've just seen what it is hello
give me one second guys let me get
someone pull around no gay brother sort
you out yeah you can have to click
update' mate for that one right back to
business let's take out the smallest
item that's in here I've got a memory
card a micro SD can you guys maybe guess
what this is now I'm literally I'm
buzzing say hello to the DJI spark sick
whoa no wait comes in like little
compartment this is not the charger then
there what a wall this is amazing guys
this is like this is like the ultimate
travel drone isn't it like this way if
it's actually in here that's the drone
this is like the ultimate travel drone
isn't it okay the drones right now is
gonna say no it can't be in that no it's
definitely not that small
no no the size of a face I really have
zero idea how to show you guys the size
of this thing that's my iPhone bilikiss
yeah where's Jack when you need him
right this is absolutely outstanding
unfortunately though I'm not gonna have
a chance to play with it today because I
feel like something as cool as this it
comes with a freaking bag I genuinely
cannot wait to see what I can do with
this thing I really wouldn't worry
though guys any probably thinking Alex
please take the drone out now Alex
please take the drain out now you're
gonna keep us waiting for ages I'm not
I'm going traveling tonight this drone
arrived just in time
oh and by the way a massive thank you to
DJ I I love you guys your products are
the back I mean you guys know I
absolutely hate the GoPro karma that
things that load of rubbish this thing
will be better than the Karma virtual
handshake right now guys if it's not ie
you guys twenty quid
go on sit with Jacob take a little bit
my job is try to tell you guys something
absolutely amazing
thank you every time I come to this
train station which is at least twice or
once a week I park here and it is at
least nine pound 54 a day to park here
this booster board is paying for itself
it's the only reason I ride it because
of this car park charging that much to
park
arrived to the train station 10 minutes
early stood on the platform or happy
myself realized I've got and forgot my
wallet
put the booster board in high-speed mode
back to the office back to the train
station in 8 minutes I'm on the train
platform right now it should have been
here 1 minute ago and it's not here I'm
getting really bored so I'm quickly
quickly gonna be creative and try and
take an Instagram photo
so has the main reason that I am in
Manchester right now is because well you
guys didn't know in Manchester I've come
to Manchester obviously you guys know my
girlfriend Maria she goes to uni no we
haven't broken up because I haven't seen
in the videos that's because she's
jetted up down here to Manchester to go
to uni I finally made it into a union
room am i cold he's getting really bad
now so I need to get some sleep where is
in the kitchen making me some food after
two hours of traveling I'm absolutely
starving the guys we've got the DG
iceberg I'm gonna test it out tomorrow
but I suppose I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog that falls apart guys
