this is genuinely mental look at this
I'm gonna try to stick my camera up so
you guys can see
please don't come outside my house
screaming my name it's just really
really annoying hey have you got a table
for around 7:00 this evening
quarter past 7:00 yeah that's brilliant
I'll do that that's awesome cheers was I
I was about to have a panic attack
Gus please don't get me wrong I'm not
like one of those guys this Oh
Valentine's Day
Oh is some chocolates all here's a
present Hennis worry it's not even
Valentine's Day today Valentine's Day
was last Wednesday and know a lot of you
guys know this already but I have a
girlfriend for those of you that don't
know I keep her a little bit sheltered
from these videos and that's easier said
than done for me because I'm a daily
vlogger but it's also easy because the
fact she is a university student she
studies photography at university she is
a very very good photographer too means
that I don't really get to see her all
that often hence why I didn't have a
Valentine's Day on Valentine's Day on
Wednesday so what we're doing is we are
doing a late one she has come back from
university down from Manchester this
weekend
and today we're gonna spend some time
together I've just booked a meal and
we're also gonna go and see Black
Panther look I'm trying to be a good
boyfriend I know that's what she wanted
to see so I'll be doing that later so
you guys into the office I just stopped
off here before I go and pick up Maria
so books one of our favorite places to
go and eat which is called the proper
burger we've been there before we go
there a lot and then we're also going to
the cinema to see the new film Black
Panther and I've never seen any Marvel
films before well I've seen a few but
I'm not like you can be a massive fan of
the whole Marvel franchise and a lot of
people write it so absolutely love it
because the films are as I've heard
absolutely amazing so I'm kind of
buzzing for this and it's gonna be an
experience and I'll let you guys know
what I think
but guys I've just come to the office
because I want to have a chat with you
Loeb ever recuperation I'm not really
sure where I'm standing right now with
this room because well we got to episode
three of building this room and things
got messy I need to set up some cameras
I've got a load of VR
gear in there that I need to set up and
I'm just a bit frazzled as to actually
what order to do all this in so if you
guys could help me sort of structure
episode 4 of building the ultimate live
phone room I would actually be really
really grateful I like to move all of
you guys in the content as much as
possible and all of you know that so if
you guys want to put some comments down
there in the comments section or add me
on Twitter or go on my Instagram or
snapchat whatever as I would really
really appreciate it but for now I don't
want to be late because it's very busy
at the burger place tonight and I need
to go and pick up Maria the table was
booked for a very very specific time of
7:15
okay this is absolutely mental I don't
realize it's gonna be this big and then
I've got wings and also a load of chips
if I can finish this monster
so I'm I'm just finished black panther
in the cinema really really good I was a
bit confused to start with and then it
got really really interesting really
quickly and then the rest of the film I
really enjoyed you don't have to be a
Marvel fan to enjoy it so if you want to
go and see a really good film go and
watch it
I recommend really good there's just
something about toffee popcorn that's
just better than any other popcorn
don't argue with hey so just go into the
office is the silver is right next to
the office and we're kind of a little
bit starstruck as to what the hell this
is first up this label here doesn't say
it's for me but then there's a label on
the side that does that say it's for me
that one does the three labels
I need a good girlfriend because she can
be your camera woman
so guys fully enough the other day I
said to you guys that this parcel had
arrives right and I told you that was
something well something really special
inside of it yeah I was very very wrong
because well add a little peek inside of
here and I'm sort of the lucky that I
did because cable ties which by the way
I didn't order this is metal I'm just
gonna open this this time to make sure
that what is actually inside of here is
what I think is okay and yeah what's
inside of here is exactly what I think
it is she put me thinkin Alex what is it
get it out the box well it's actually
it's like exciting this needs this needs
its own dedicated vlog trust me on that
but I'm sort of happy to know that it's
arrived not really in one piece though
it's sort of hopefully as you can see by
the box this thing is very very
interesting guys I've just told Maria
what's in that box right so you know
what it is described to them in three
words
how cool is I'll change it to four words
you don't believe me is it really that
good well you'll have to wedge the
flogger then won't you don't miss you
guys what's in that box is really really
cool and I had to get down before I hurt
myself
what is that okay if I ask you a quick
question
yeah you sure it's quite a detailed
question a lot of people a lot of people
who want to know the answer
alright then the question these on
everybody's lips well mine mainly what's
it like dating a youtuber because
obviously both you and I have been out
with other species that haven't been
youtubers species species females males
well I haven't been out with other males
and you haven't been out with other
females but you get the point was it
like for you dating a youtuber I want to
know so I'm sure everybody else wants to
know
pretty normal for me now good well
that's what I want it to be it just is
it would be more weird going out with
someone that doesn't do YouTube now is
that because you've been out with me for
ages yeah we first started going out
what was difficult and what was good it
was really hard finding time seizure
because he'd be up to like 2:00 3:00 in
the morning editing every night to eat
sure my middle of the night leave early
in the morning all that kind of stuff
I'm gonna make another video yeah okay
so time was difficult that's not a
problem anymore do you get up earlier
now okay you get it all done and it's
great we worked it out yeah there was a
good four or five months right don't
think I saw you in the daytime like and
the Sun was out last year just didn't
happen and the bad thing is I never know
what to get you for your birthday or
Christmas why cuz you already have
everything I already have everybody they
get sent it there's there's been times
I've been like oh this is perfect I'll
get you and then you get sent away a
company I'll make you something and
they're fun like makes you something
similar and I'm like oh people who mean
pretty like people you know how people
say mean things about you or me yeah you
well I don't know I people say me as a
but you want to fight them but I can't
do that
is that because half the stuff the mean
people say is absolute rubbish if they
say something mean it's kind of true
it's fair enough but when people say
stuff it's just completely wrong but
they're completely convinced it's right
convinces of it they know my office they
convinced everyone else is right how
would you possibly know that interesting
well that's three things that wind you
up okay then three three good things
hopefully if you can it's not boring
boring
some gray and the red arrows very soon
the bad thing you do scary things and
just can't be doing it
it's just bad things it's all bad gone
there good things please I don't know if
it's you being a youtuber but you liking
cameras and stuff is good because I'm
doing a photography degree and often you
will teach me things that are more
helpful than the people and paying a lot
of money a year to teach me huh
there we go a good thing yay because
you're always busy all the time it's
it's Foresters to the time we do spend
together now it's like actual quality
time we have been out for ages today
no we're better we love it yeah okay
we're getting better that's the thing
this is like some sort of counseling
session good things would be you know
that you're you would I could have a
great social media following if I wanted
to but I don't want to I could be on in
those YouTube videos if I want to but I
don't want to be no I mean I feel like I
don't want the things you think
someone's gonna with youtube I really
like okay that you're doing something
that you're actually really passionate
about and you really like doing rather
than just showing up and doing a job you
hated being miserable cuz you're happy
when you come back you know I've got
this great shot like you're happy and
that's really nice it made the main
difference between you and any other guy
I've been out with is people noticing
you in public which is more of a good
thing or a bad thing it's just a thing
it's just a thing just a thing it well
there you go that's a few good and bad
points
hopefully yeah hopefully that was
interesting I wanted to know the answer
to be fed never actually asked you if
you're annoyed about what I do
we're not annoyed that's not the right
word but like if it was different or if
it was like I just know that there's
definitely been a few things where it's
got in the way sometimes I've been
really busy but then there's been like
positive things come from it and it's
what scenario actually takes that's very
interesting what else you going to say
there you go that's quite interesting
there I really appreciate you actually
answering the questions you actually
gave me some decent answers I didn't
think you would so thank you girlfriend
okay tell people about you what you're
actually doing here what is this is this
your uni work are you enjoying it yes
good do you think guys what I thought
you would enjoy that the videos I have
done with my girlfriend Maria you guys
have left a really good response unlike
I've done they're rating subscribers
setups and stuff so if you want me to do
another one of them soon I'm sure that I
can I can try and put that together and
persuade it to be in another video but
that was a question that a lot of people
I saw in the last video she was in were
asking so I thought I would tackle it
and not just ask her and then tell you
get her to tell you up front so got
something a bit different odor hurt you
enjoyed but that is where I'm going to
end today's daily vlog guys I really do
hope you did enjoy it Hyundai is rolling
around guys very very soon and that is
when I get to pick up my brand new
speakers I told you guys I spent the
money I bought these Boni to take these
demo ones back to the shop and hopefully
well billj guarantee because the guy Tex
beers have been arrived I'm gonna bring
back my brand new white rose gold so
guys they'll be arriving very very soon
as I've said on Monday if I can go and
pick them up so that will be really
really fun to get them in store but for
now guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
daily vlog for a chill Sunday one guys
adios
