Jaggu come look at this Alexa turn on
the floor lights okay yeah go on then
Alexa turn turn off the floor lights
okay yeah yes so you know when wanna
plug in your iPad or your phone to
charge it you ready yep is it cool good
morning guys how are y'all doing my name
is of course I liked and welcome back to
another daily vlog it's 6:10 a.m. right
now I'm getting up really early for some
reason not complaining it's a good thing
I there I've been told by Julian to call
this number and ask for Julie it's about
my Apple watch actually
on a real boat guys there is a reason
that I've got up super early today and
that is because today is a work day for
me it's one of those days where I have
to do all of my accounting and just do
all of the annoying things you have to
do when you grow older so unfortunately
guys today is one of those days I'm
gonna get it all done get it out of the
way and I'll see you guys a little bit
later but before I start the day and
need to clean this mess because as I've
told you guys before an untidy workspace
means untidy work
this is a lucozade bottle and this is
the Apple watch Series three with LTE
you can buy a Lucas air bottle for one
pound and you can buy an Apple watch
series through with LTE for well 749
British pounds it's pretty nice
keep everything into yourself Alex you
spell it 700 pounds on Apple watch you
already had an Apple watch what's
different
there's five things I can think of off
the top of my head design speed
the waterproof battery and usability
I'll put a tick next to each one of
these that's better in the series three
than the series one all of them so Alice
what's your complaint well there's one
more thing
LTE or the lack thereof I need to build
this whole entire rate just for that two
minutes of footage so Alex you put a
tick next to pretty much everything yes
it's worth the upgrade for you what are
you complaining about Alex what is wrong
with the LTE everything now if you're
thinking of buying an LTE or cellular
Apple watch and hold off for at least
another month or so until all of this
gets ironed out because it's absolutely
ridiculous
the vast raishin running through me
right now is beyond belief now the main
reason I'm frustrated is because Apple
keep doing this thing where they're like
it's coming it's coming it's coming just
wait for it just wait for it they
release unfinished products they can't
even get their release dates on time and
yet again here with the Apple watch
spend the extra money to get the LTE
version yes it works fine connected via
bluetooth or Wi-Fi the LTE doesn't work
so story time as you've heard well
pretty much all weekend I've been on our
phone calls every single day - EE trying
to sort out this Apple watch and get it
all enabled finally today four hours ago
three days after I picked it up we got
it working so at the moment I'm paying
an extra five pounds a month to have
this Apple watch working and on my
contract but let me bust a few myths for
you guys right now the Apple watch is
never connected via LT
when your phone is around it will always
prefer to connect via bluetooth to your
phone or if your Bluetooth is off go
through your home's Wi-Fi connection the
LTE is hardly ever on and to be fair if
the LTE was on 24/7 you probably get
about four hours battery life so you
bought me thinking yeah fair enough if
it's with the phone why does it need the
LTE turned on well you're right it
doesn't but it still doesn't work
without the phone it doesn't work
turning my phone into airplane mode
force is the Apple watch to search for
an LTE signal the watch is going to go
ahead and search for a signal as you can
see in a second it's gonna get one
borrowed signal so at this point you
think oh it's connected I can make a
phone call I can use it for what it's
advised to do or advertise to do let's
test it hey Siri call Jed okay know
maybe Siri doesn't work with LTE let's
just go and call Jed manually call
failed you already answered the phone
call that never came through what if I
was stranded and my phone was dead and
I've paid money for this watch and now
it says it can't find signal it's got no
signal Alex maybe you're out of range if
the closest mast well might map my phone
currently my phone currently has full
signal and the closest mast give me two
seconds you know Jenna unless you're
about to walk like 30 seconds away from
the office you good yeah I've turned up
the brightness of the camera so you can
see it it's literally right there my
office is there now what I'm sitting
here and saying to you right now is not
not to buy an Apple watch all together I
think that are amazing hence why I've
worn one on my wrist since 2015 what I'm
saying is don't get the LTE version yet
please don't at least not for the near
future
until I or some other people that I've
spoken to come out and say that it
actually works I'm not the only one and
I wanted to put an example out there of
my current situation and the Apple watch
LTE not working all I'm saying is I
expect when I spend seven hundred pounds
plus on a product for it to work as
advertised Apple for the biggest company
in the world this is textbook stuff I'm
tilted sweet guys I've literally just
made it home after a long night at the
office well let you guys know that I'm
using a different microphone right now I
was using this your microphone but it
kind of broke I don't recommend this
thing whatsoever it's just not a good
microphone I can't recommend it well for
sound quality yeah durability back on
the road video mic Pro I was using the
rode videomic go anyway guys I hope
you've enjoyed today's vlog and I meant
the rant about the Apple watch I hope it
made sense and I hope I don't come
across as too much of like a complaining
type person I don't like to complain
that often but you guys should feel my
frustration when you spend that much
meat on a product it when it's
advertised to do something and it just
doesn't do it so if you guys have any
ideas or any or any help I'm just plain
doing something wrong and so's the rest
of the internet and support of series 3
because literally I'm not the only
person with this issue then please speak
up guys but for now mine is fine Alex
you guys have been awesome I need to get
some sleep and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog I do
