right so hey guys what's going on my
name is of course ice guys and welcome
back to another daily vlog morning and
you just feel like like you like you
don't want to get out of bed I never get
that but I had that today guys before
today's vlog starts which was remind you
all but I'm giving away an iPhone 8 plus
64 gigabyte fully networked unlocked
international giveaway go ahead and
click the link in the description down
below to enter two-week giveaway well a
week in one day left now for the whole
day I'm genuinely been contemplating not
doing a video not doing a vlog but I
thought to myself that's not me to
inspire myself I've come up with the
inspire one try and capture of the
sensor
right hey guys I've got some puzzles -
embarks Anita
unboxing today because I need them for
something awesome tomorrow notice one
touch on something real quick because
obviously this is a daily vlog and it's
about my life and soon that happened
today is that I really struggled to get
to get out of bed and that really annoys
me because I'm not like that I'm a
motivated person I'm a driven person I
like to get things done the last thing I
want to do is stay in bed I mean heck I
won't even sit there for two hours to
watch your film I find it very very
difficult not to be doing something but
that's just me as a person I'm not
telling you guys to not watch films I'm
just saying that I am a driven person so
you guys probably think in Alex how have
you got over that because then I'm not
the only person in the world that
sometimes can't get up when they need to
and what I do in my head is I do a
single job and the thing is if you get
up and do a single job I one of those
things could be making your bed cleaning
your room cleaning the dishes and you
accomplish that task that you've set
yourself are you making your bed doing
the dishes or cleaning the room
accomplishing a task makes you honestly
it does it makes you want to complete
another task and another task and
another task and that is how I kick my
day off complete a task it makes you
want to do another task and another task
and then another task tp-link wireless
plug adapter we order this in the blog
the other day you guys know what this is
for
last parcel when I saw that plug a
little bit later
what howdy there I think that goes in
their batteries hey I bought a label
printer but that's not what I needed for
tomorrow
I hope it's at the office right guys so
why are the lights on Luke oh yeah easy
Luke's here I do Luke all right what are
you doing I didn't know you here you
work it right everybody the
conversations been saying Alex stop
calling Luke your assistant if you made
it what Gary is yeah we are made that
way we were mates first and then you
became an assistant I don't like you
anymore so Luke yeah we're friends we're
good friends and we always have been and
always will be and it was a friendship
first but Luke does do some things and
he helped me with the videos have a lot
of things to do
Luke's already here helping me do
anything just fully to call him an
assistant it's just the banter this is
great banter how long do you been here
for then few hours so good luck is it
good luck
without the keyboard dear well it's your
desk oh dear oh sorry Chad one of my
friends do things for me happy fellow
it's it's Jed's desk but you have to
work on it but it is dead you're gonna
get your own desk
that side of the main desk of that will
do that with builder watch out for
building the ultimate management desk
coming soon yes cause you found me right
so guys this is the parcel but I want to
unbox this one right here well I hope so
in this parcel right here is something
that I bought far too many of and I
didn't what I did I needed to buy them
because I wanted to test them but if you
guys saw a video I did a couple of days
that we didn't because it didn't hit sub
boxes properly it's like what 30 cave
users and then radicular pretty much did
a video I went in a helicopter and I
told you guys that I'm working with a
very very very big company to create
some content that content has to be
filmed on a certain smartphone and that
certain smartphones camera can do
something a little bit special and
however I could just walk around my
house on my office just video ings
things with the phone that's a bit
boring and we're not boring
right then I ordered a low ball but
these were the only ones that came on
Amazon Prime got a little car phone
holders would be so interesting they
come in so many different shapes and
sizes and varieties that one hold your
phone landscape this one just looks the
most stylish but then let's suppose
there is this one it just that feels a
bit plasticky so there we go guys
obviously I'll be vlogging going around
the racetrack in my car tomorrow or be
in the vlog but I'm obviously gonna be
doing a main channel video on it which
you'll be coming out very very very very
shortly and that will be filmed on the
phone but obviously I'm buzzing to take
my car around an actual racetrack
plus the fact I've never driven around a
racecourse before in my own car I feel
like that that is going to be amazing
it's an early start tomorrow morning
okay sweet guys that's all there for
tomorrow
I'm literally buzzing I cannot wait we
need to leave the office it's getting
kind of late now Luke where are you
you're in the kitchen we're doing the
kitchen we need to go why have you made
wandering me to get some drinks let's do
it then man what about drinking now
staring at me boy there we stood it's
warm water a place he had made a drink a
drink we need to go against there's new
abandoned building that I want to go and
take a little Scout round it coz I may
want to go and do some videos there in
the future and I need Luke cause if
anybody anything bad happens he's our
security guard now what are you doing
you said you're gonna leave out here if
I bomb the ISO up now it's gonna be very
very very grainy look look how big that
thing is I can't see what you guys can
see I can see it on the screen but not
in real life
so it's this big towel that I want to
get into and this is all abandoned
whoa oh my god can you hear that's mad
that's like a legitimate
echo oh wow
things going on here this is mad oh wow
it's like a turbine so cool I'm so
coming to more video here it's all such
you know coming here make a youtube
video at some point just like let's do
something cool like a Q&A you just be
like different there's literally like a
whole there's somebody coming you need
you're joking somewhat there's someone
no seriously right then guys I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog here I
really have enjoyed my wacky little day
if y'all guys are like rating would be
much appreciated and drop a comment down
below saying dedication squad if you're
at this point in the video I'll see you
guys then if you missed yesterday's vlog
click here you know subscribe to my
daily vlogging channel click right here
I'll see you guys in savaris vlog adios
