wait for the store you go stall it come
on you guys how we all doing my name is
Alex got the assistant driving this
morning say I love oh god he's driving
mad oh my god I've just drop a car off
to get it some new tires because I'm
going on a racetrack with my car on
Sunday morning which is gonna be awesome
Tony to make sure the car is fine for
then so Luke Luke is driving me to
Meadowhall so I can pick up two thousand
pounds worth of gear from the Apple shop
let's do this I'm gonna forget they're
alive
so my sites like okay that's how you
take over the bench sighs you're with me
thank you about I appreciate I do like a
shop face at some deal
all right here go and then click bait me
on our watch the Eclipse rose okay cool
come over
we're not quite sure what's going on so
I'm just gonna re-run of the whole thing
back the proof I get that QR code exact
okay it's all my fault
I got two so we have finished an apple
I've got the bag nun dosed up let's go
come back so we to the Apple store
Luke has just dropped me back off at the
Tiger age I've picked up my car I'm back
in it has a full set of wheels on it for
the track on Sunday they've already told
you guys I'm going on a track day on
Sunday with my car it's gonna be wicked
Narus drives at the post office because
as you guys know I get all of my amazon
parcels delivered to the post office
because usually I'm not at home to sign
for them so just get them I just get
them delivered here let's go
alright guys I've just got home with a
load a load of parcels but unfortunately
I've got to go for a quick meeting then
I'll be back right guys the Sun has set
on what has been an absolutely
phenomenal day today I've really really
really enjoying welcome this morning got
the car fixed ready for the track day
this weekend which is gonna be insane
move all the way down to meadow hall
picked up my pre-orders for my Apple
watch and my iPhones more on that a
little bit later picked up some stuff
from well some parcels have been
delivered to I've had an and O's what
more could you want here we go guys I'm
gonna open this Amazon box today because
I really can't rather to open the other
Apple stuff we'll just open that
tomorrow cuz I'm just not I'm joking
let's dive straight into what I got from
the Apple Store so in this bag of misery
we will find my Apple watch Series 3
which I sell at the Apple Store that
watch is here look at it it has the
chrome it's like the chrome black finish
it looks absolutely drop-dead gorgeous
unfortunately the LTE is not set up on
this bad boy yet but it's working as a
normal Apple watch and God it is so much
better than my old one just need to get
the LTE sorted by the way guys look it's
Buzz Lightyear look at him look at him
go I'm clearly speaking with my
representatives are you guys know do a
lot of stuff with EE and I need to get
this watch working so I'm speaking with
them now to get it all set up hopefully
it'll be done tomorrow so else do we
have in this bag well we have my old
iPhone which Apple fixed today yeah it's
all working now before we thinkin Alex
why is your iPhone in the bag where's
your actual phone what's going on well
check out this that's in my pocket right
now so this is now my new daily driver
until the iPhone X comes out this is the
256 gigabyte iPhone 8 plus is that what
it's called look at this thing display
on this thing is just absolutely
phenomenal look at the blacks and then
look how fast it is it's just wrap it
now here is the box for that
phone what else is in here Oh a wireless
charger ingenuity really sucks that
Apple took so long to implement that
stupid feature into their phones I'll
tell you what doesn't suck what else is
in this back here we go guys look at
this now this is a brand new iPhone 8
plus in the rose gold color 64 gigabytes
brand new in the box I've bought this
just to give away just to give away to
you guys
now how you guys are gonna enter is go
down into the link in the description
below it's a gleam link and all its
gonna do is ask you to follow me and all
of my social medias the more things you
follow me on the more entries you will
get I'm gonna run this giveaway for two
weeks I've bought this just for you guys
to say thank you so much for all the
support on the channels and I feel like
this is the least this is the least I
could do for you honestly thank you just
for the gigs well done boys and girls
i'ma show you a magic trick
with all that being said and done it's
gym time my room my room is a mess with
tech though so it's fine
sweetling guys are all back up from the
gym I'm gonna give this room a bit of a
tidy up I think it's this one right here
64 gigabyte totally unlocked iPhone I
put the link to it guys down in the
description and if you're wanting a full
review of the iPhone 8 plus I'll
probably do that soon on tech flow also
the cellular isn't working on my Apple
watch yet it's proving really difficult
to set that up like really difficult in
one carrier you can do it on here in the
UK nice E and they are they're helping
me but it's not done yet they're gonna
give me a call back so there you go guys
that was my day at Apple for the iPhone
8 and 8 plus and the new Apple watch
launch event do you enjoyed it guys if
you did a like rating would be also the
mean absolute world to me and as I say
give reading for this bad boy in the
description guys thank you so much for
the support I'm super tired you can
probably see about these back then
working my ass off recently for these
vlogs guys are really do beat showing
through I'm really really trying to make
some awesome content for you guys and
try and do some awesome giveaways too
but for now guys ballast Vinayak's you
guys been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling I will see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog if you missed
yesterday's click right there you're not
subscribed click right here adios guys
