today guys it's a very very sad day and
the reason for today being a very very
sad day is that is the last time I'm
going to be putting this exact type of
watch on my wrist I've just had the
confirmation that both of my iPhone 8
pluses and my new third generation Apple
watch with LTE have been delivered to
the Apple Store and I'm going to pick
them up tomorrow your wallet rating if
you want me to give my old
first-generation Apple watch away to you
guys by commenting I want that bapple
because and then put some things for me
later guys is absolutely horrible
weather I mean just look at it out there
is it's just it's just not nice
darling Marcela v/o Powerline Adapters
Oh Powerline Adapters Oh Powerline
Adapters
I'm dealing with a house at the moment a
client's house that well is rather large
I put wireless access points all over
their house and they can get their Wi-Fi
signal up in the bedroom down in the
kitchen
everywhere I've wired access points
everywhere except two rooms two rooms
I've found it very hard to run cables -
so they want Powerline Adapters give it
again they're just gonna break like ah I
need to go guys and get these installed
at my client's house
one two three
to date guys when I was cleaning out the
office and noticed something awesome
that I'd totally forgotten about this
thing is down here yes my computer look
at that just look at that how gorgeous
is that and then I was thinking to
myself guys hey look what we've achieved
I say we because we've all done this
check this out
it's pretty cool right I was thinking
how could we make it better it's really
hard to make something that's already
awesome better but that's where you guys
come in I was thinking how awesome would
it be to have this computer on show
somewhere how amazing would that be guys
no mind you can change every aspect of
the lighting inside this thing thanks
got me thinking what could we do better
come to change the breakfast bar and how
this is some sort of tech house and
plans will take on hits let's be honest
I don't think I've ever eaten breakfast
there should we move the computer that's
underneath the desk and have it on show
some what could we do something a little
bit better with it and it was generally
cleaning the office seeing how awesome
that computer looks and reminding myself
of awesome it looks and then also
building this this board wall here and
the reason I was thinking is because I
thought this can't get any better
it's insane in my opinion what about the
rest of the space we want every last
inch in this room it Mars bars office
for every last inch we want to say it
couldn't be done better it couldn't be
done better now a lot if not most of the
main ideas in this office were thought
of by myself that'd be a lot of the
smaller things you guys help with down
in the comment section down below but I
want to involve you guys if you think
that we something awesome that we could
do put it down there in the comment
section down below and if I so happen to
choose your idea and execute it in the
office and change it to what you said in
your comment section you will be shown
to everyone and entered into a giveaway
chance to win the stuff I mentioned last
month up there ie the Bluetooth speaker
the monitor yes I there's a bluetooth
speaker there's some desktop speakers
there's some headphones are some ice and
some monitors depending on how big and
cool your idea is you'll win the biggest
prize but it's simply the biggest prize
is the monitor so whoever comes up with
the best idea that I execute and doing a
video you will win the monitor so on so
forth let's do this
Brow's you are about to commence a late
nights work in the office I love working
at night because it's so peaceful and I
love a little bit of peace
and this commences another late night
working in the office this case I came
to join me and help me do some work
enjoyed it yeah been good
what's the plan now Bo board to
McDonald's yeah you board I'm aboard
what we're about to do is not boring but
we're gonna go on boards yeah electric
boards to McDonald's
I genuinely love love coming out of
these boards especially with friends
everything is better when there's two
right then guys I think it's time to get
some sleep it's been a long night in the
office lots of works done
Jed's here it's not as weird as it seems
you're going through the roommate yeah I
know guys that you've enjoyed today's
vlog if you have guys that like rating
would be wicked I'll see you guys in two
rise blog decipher Nate day tomorrow I'm
buzzing adios
