cool bro someone's put my notes on my
keyboard that's exactly what I need for
today need to quickly nip to a client's
house this morning with these notes of
trying to line an Internet dish that
I've installed on their house and after
that straightaway I've had loads of
calls from the post office saying that
my peer box is overflowing and they want
me to come pick it up you guys a legend
so I'm gonna go and do that those are my
two jobs two jobs for this morning gym
sesh finished feeling fresh let's go
thank you so much for sending stuff
you guys a mental what the hell is that
well it's mad if you guys ever want to
send anything to the peer buck send it
to me right there Mars media limited
peer box 105 30 newark mg 24 9 n R
Hitler I somewhere in my room
right I need a Nando's guys just before
we get what I want to tell you that my
iPhone is still broken I'm using the
Android Nokia 8 for now how mental is
that install the new OS bricks my phone
however let's move on to something
positive I've got some really good news
to tell you once we get to Nando's trust
me you'll want to hear it
as you can see we are now in zzs we
arrived at numbers at quarter past ten
they closed at half past ten which they
turned us away I can't believe you've
done this well I want to tell you guys
though the most important thing is on
Friday it's the release day of the
iPhone eight I'm gonna be at the Apple
store in Meadowhall go ahead and google
it to get the address I'm gonna be there
around 10:00 a.m. picking up two iPhones
and one Apple watch if you guys want to
come now meet me have selfies whatever
that's where I'll be if you round the
Sheffield area or want to travel down
please don't skip school and please
don't skip anything just to come and
meet me I know it is in school time so
if you are a school student or your
student you have worked it out that
don't don't be naughty if you're
available and you want to come and see
me that's where I'll be just try not to
annoy apple's security because they get
very easily annoyed but yeah there you
go
zizi's time chewy link is back from a
food with Lukey probably these off Alex
why the hell do you go for food so much
we lose those a few reasons for that
obviously I've told you guys recently
the Luke is now like a little know what
to call it feel like a sister it's not
the right word I feel like I get
offended it's not an assistant he just
helps me with these vlogs but you know
they're not easy we also talked a lot
about business together as well and
we're also just really good friends he
helps with a lot of my internet stuff
which is also getting quite out of hand
at the moment so we have to hire
somebody for that too building an empire
guys which is what I've always wanted to
do 2017 has been the year that it's all
kicking off honestly guys anything
anything is possible if you put your
mind to it it's been times in my
personal I want to quit doing this I
want to stop I just want to stop this
isn't going to work and I thought you
know what just a few more years keep
pushing keep pushing keep pushing and if
you keep pushing I'm sure in the end
you'll get there I believe in you even
if you don't you can do it
so I wanted to clear a few of the
comments that I've seen about the live
streaming room I've seen quite a few
comments like a quite a few people
getting I wanna see angry just like
people don't know what they're talking
about so I thought what I do is try and
clear things up so first off Alex when
is the next episode coming on the main
channel we love them where are they
that's what you guys have been saying
well put it this way I'm waiting on a
few deliveries and as soon as those
deliveries arrive that is when I will
start filming again for part 2 good
point filming if I don't have the stuff
to install and yes I've been chasing
this stuff that's coming for the past
three months I'm trying it's out of my
control I would've had it all filmed and
uploaded by now if it was up to me guys
I'm sorry for the wait and no I really
am now another question Alex what is
this this looks awful pretty much you
guys were saying Alex what is this mess
Alex why is it that bit of the wall
press that Alex it looks like a mess it
looks like you're not trying it looks
like you don't care as you can see this
part of the room looks absolutely
gorgeous but then when you pull around
here yes it's obvious to say oh look
this bit of the room isn't done properly
you guys have seen me working on things
like this in the video so you're
probably thinking at this end of the
sofa where I'm stood right now is part
of the live streaming room and yes it's
in the live streaming room but this
isn't actually part of what I'm building
all of this this is actually going to be
turned into a set a set for making
videos this was meant to be left like
this for the set that I'm trying to make
but this set that I'm making isn't
anything I'm gonna be making content on
unless you guys want me to vlog about it
I was just gonna do this in my own time
if you guys want to be involved in that
then let me know in the comments any
other questions
oh yeah this is just a really small one
but I actually installed air
conditioning here yeah I installed air
conditioning in the live streaming room
when I fall in our condition to keep
things simple for you guys that don't
know how air conditioning words you have
an air conditioning unit on one side of
the air conditioning unit really hot air
goes out of it
and on one side really cool air comes
out of it now you meant to put the pipes
that the hot air comes out of the air
conditioning unit out of a window so the
hot air goes outside the room well why
this up it looks like I connected the
hot air supply into this room cool air
comes out of that thing I can assure you
and Alex last one the sofas far too big
okay you got me there
I still need to sort something out and
get some proper stairs up there well
then guys if you know me and you know
the vlogs I don't like to have an
average day and I feel like today has
been a very very very mediocre very now
9:50 p.m. outside I've waited this time
because tonight because tonight out in
the dark I've like to come out and take
some photos I'm gonna go out get a few
Instagram shots to spot myself back some
creativity
right so guys I've driven out here into
the middle of absolutely nowhere right
behind me as you can see in the dark is
my car
a lot of taking furs my carcass is big
and it looks fairly nice it's raining
it's pitch black let's see what I can do
with my camera it's pitch black
remember that look no light it's pitch
black
let's see what I can do
yo guys look at that how mad
does that look that's insane I love it
so much I'll walk it on-screen for you
guys right now three two one bye I'm
pretty sure two more than one photo bang
bang there you go I'll put them in the
description if you guys want to download
them use them as wallpapers or what ever
anyway guys I want to go ahead and say I
really hope all of you are going and
shaving and smashing your goals if you
need any help in the process we should
take up on Twitter guys man at mars bar
gaming no chance member anything are you
unsure about a life itself let me know
and we can have a chat anyway guys -
B'nai likes you guys been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smiling check out
yesterday's vlog here subscribe if
you're new here and i'll see you guys as
usual in tomorrow's vlog i love you so
much
yes
