what a catch it seems to be a new thing
that every single youtuber is asking
their audience to like the video before
they've even watched it and also people
not subscribed us in there to subscribe
before they're even see in the video so
if you know around here or you're not
new around here and you watch me all the
time
drop a like rating and if you new
subscribe for some reason I feel like I
need to say that now everybody says it
anyway guys good morning how are you all
doing welcome to the vlog I've come to
the town the town this morning on this
mini skateboard look at it it's
literally tiny and it's Selectric cunha
me one of the most scariest things I've
ever done
it's about 7:10 a.m. it's freezing town
is a ghost let's start the day this
thing is scary man
so goddess Tuesday at morning or welcome
to the blog the reason why not so early
and if you watched yesterday's blog you
probably think Alex how are you up so
early in watch yesterday's vlog I
literally got home at 5:00 a.m. it's now
7 a.m. yes I've had one hours sleep I'm
not saying that having one hours sleep
is good because it's bad I'm gonna sit
here and tell you guys it's bad you
shouldn't put it this way don't neglect
sleep your body needs it please don't
take after me on this part have one hour
sleep but the reason why is is because
you guys my comment section inspired me
I saw a few comments on a blog a few
days ago I know we single video I do I
get people telling me that how I inspire
you guys and how much of an inspiration
I am and then I work cook but like
yesterday I think 11 a.m. I was like how
is that inspirational how is that
setting an example now what I'm saying
is not the getting one hour sleep is a
good thing but what but what I'm trying
to do is fix my sleep what what I'm
trying to do is fix my sleeping pattern
I'm trying to fix my sleeping pattern if
being tired for one day is what I need
to do to fix it then that's what I'm
going to do we're gonna fix the sleeping
schedule we're gonna get a gym schedule
going and we're also gonna eat healthy
to get the Romans hey Alex we wanted to
send you an exclusive copy of the new
Playstation game uncharted lost legacy
please find this play please station
thank you for sending me a copy of
Uncharted I didn't realize you're gonna
try and kill me at the same time this is
bomb set off it's a magazine station
thank you for sending me a copy of the
game and almost nearly choking me to
death
PlayStation thank you
okay that guy's the main reason we
getting to the office so early today was
genuinely because I was inspired by the
comments down below I'm gonna actually
get some work done though and then I'm
gonna try and fit in a gym session but
I'm also really excited for one reason
that one reason being that iOS iOS 11 is
out this evening and I can't wait to
install
see we had guys outside for another Q&A
I want to come do this one outside
there's two reasons for it number one
it's getting a lot colder as you can see
by my breath and number two just beats
being in the bedroom honestly I just
thought you guys weren't a massive fan
of the q and A's I just did them on days
where I didn't have much to do but it
turns out you guys are asking for them
when I don't do them so maybe I will
just make it a constant weekly thing let
me know in the comments first question
blues blue whitey says Alex how much
money have you spent on the live
streaming room and well I feel like I
need to educate a few people because
you'll be asking things that Alex how
much was the TV how much were the
consoles how much was this how much was
that half the things in the live
streaming room companies have actually
sent me to feature that cat some were to
feature in videos say hi to the vlog go
follow mine instagrams got he's got his
own Instagram so for example I have a
partnership with LG now they send me
products to use in the videos but I have
a very specific partnership with all the
companies that I'm partnered with
whereas I will say what I want about the
product whether it being good or bad and
I won't accept payment to say good
things that necessarily aren't true I
don't know it can come across bad when I
say you know this is sponsored this this
is but I never I will never do a
sponsorship with a company where they'll
pay me to say something that I wouldn't
already have said all the stuff in the
last remover and to answer your question
including everything that sponsors to
the TV so for dinner today we're only on
episode 1 I think it's clocking in
around 11,000 pounds that TV was hella
expensive
Daniel Nixon says do you have any tips
on growing a YouTube channel I've got
three for you Daniel be consistent be
you and be clean don't swear I'll put
naughty things in your videos Eddie says
where's G G in a simple answer has now a
well full time job if you like it's not
necessarily a job it's more of an
apprenticeship but he works five days a
week and a lot of things not around
saying ilex you falling out with Jordan
no we never fell out nothing happen me
and Jordan is still tied heck I think
I've got a snapchat streak with him he's
just growing up as we all do and he's
now got himself an apprenticeship good
going bro please God Allah says Alex
what type of person were you in
secondary school
College okay and all you guys are
standing here thinking oh here's Alex
the little YouTube nerd but it got
bullied and beat it up in school no I
didn't I was actually pretty cool I was
genuinely like pretty cool in school I
was pretty cool
was it like mentally popular or anything
I just wasn't really dislike I think it
picked on for doing YouTube videos back
in the days everyone did when they're
smaller on YouTube but now there's
people that picked on me that are doing
for doing YouTube I'm in a far far
better place in my life right now
probably for the rest of my life than
they will ever be can you watch this
meme I like it
Finn says hashtag ask Mars how far would
you travel the client work for example
would you travel abroad just to film
someone's wedding yes of course I would
this time last year I was in Spain
filming a promotional video for some
apartment complexes yes I would travel
hashtag ass Mars John says Alex have you
gotten any merch yet well no but what if
I do this oh look new merch it's coming
soon it's not out yet it's coming soon
and it's wicked right then guys back
inside from recording recording the Q&A
obviously you guys know I did an Ikea
mission last week if you didn't watch
the video go back and watch the video
was called and we went on an Ikea
mission or something and I did this
well no not that it's meant to it's
meant to look like this there we go much
better I did this and not the reason I
did this was for a little project just
went to Ikea and I said to you guys what
should we buy you guys said do something
with lighting what what I'm wanting to
do is have it so that I can ask either
Alexa or okay Google or pay Siri hey
Siri to turn on the lights when I ask
one of the assistants to do some for
that I need to buy a smart plug
duh right about 8:00 p.m. right now and
I think iOS 11 has been out about two
hours so I'm gonna try and install it on
my phone and the reason I'm telling you
this is because I was 11 the new
software for the phone changes the whole
thing altogether it's a massive massive
massive massive massive upgrade from the
iOS is like before like eight nine tech
this one this is a big upgrade my phone
it's now a 10 past 8:00 and it's been
going for 10 10 10 minutes and it's
stuck in this like weird site
cool where it look wait a minute what is
going on what is happening ok so it
downloaded the update in like two
minutes and I clicked install and now my
phone is in just some sort of strange
cycle the bass thought I could connect
to itunes so I did the OTA update in the
settings app and it went along 2 minutes
meaning it downloaded then I click the
install button it went to this screen
right now in the bar and then the butt
and the bar started going across and it
got to there now it disappears and that
nation's been doing this what you just
said connect it just said connect to
itunes and it's in a weird cycle qing it
look I'm not touching it I'm not
touching it Apple logo I'll come back
what is happening and now it's back on
the homescreen holding the power button
does absolutely nothing what's going on
iTunes isn't even picking up the phone
it's plugged in and everything I don't
remember the last time about my phone up
what what is happening what this is
ridiculous I can't even put it in DFU
mode like nothing happens like that is
DFU mode when it says connect to itunes
but it's plugged into itunes like look
it's plugged into itunes in it's as if
my phone doesn't exist a lot my computer
is not finding it well there you go
that's my experience installing iOS 11
Apple has killed my phone okay I'm gonna
do a live announcement right now I'm
going to the Apple Store Meadowhall on
Friday the 22nd at 10:00 a.m. to pick up
two iPhone 8 and an Apple watch I am
doing a meet-up at the Apple Store Apple
are going to kill me but if you'd like
to come to meadow Hall in Sheffield the
Apple Store there I'll be there on
Friday picking up a few phones you can
come say hi feel free to come down 10
a.m. Friday morning I'll be there
probably guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog and try and get this phone
sorted out it's still on connect to
itunes hey guys I hope you're all ok
hopefully we can get this stupid phone
sorted out in the meantime guys if you
have any questions or queries or you
want to chat to me about anything hit me
up on twitter at mars bar gaming but for
now guys I will see you in tomorrow's
daily vlog remember guys stay awesome
keep smiling
