that it's just absolutely mental
guys man's arrived at the office this
morning Monday morning 955 am we've got
that unboxing knife we got these parcels
and letters to unbox but not today
today is a very special day where I need
to take myself you guys and this film
gimbal down to London and I'll explain
why when we get there guys let's do this
and literally guys cannot wait to show
you why I'm in London force day
looking for my manager looking for my
manager where is my manager
I literally come here to meet my manager
and it's not here great management
so - just phoned me and he said that
he's busy doing manager things which is
suppose that's what our managers for so
he's asked me to get an uber to the
helipad in London whoa nice whip
oh no you are passionately Reutimann
telephone our schedule is busy
helicopter ride over I've just popped
into the Land Rover Range Rover Land
Rover garage to see what's going down
and they've got a velar yeah the
helicopters were I was absolutely
awesome and I have to tell you guys what
it's for in a little while but
helicopter I was organized by a massive
massive company for me to go on for one
reason you'll have seen me holding a
phone and a gimbal on there can't tell
you guys anything yet but what we're
doing is really cool before today the
helicopter ride who is wicked and now
just an arranger over the laughs as you
do but on a real the guys let me know
what you think of the range of of Allah
won't you like honest opinions there's a
brand new car it's in the talks brand
new what do you guys think let me know
I'm I'm from London it's raining on my
way back to the office
so we leg highs back from London - well
not disappointing I would say
disappointing but they're not really
disappointing things to tell you guys
number one it's really hard to portray
things through this camera so I was
first told that I was going on a open
door helicopter ride which is I was yeah
that's like a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity don't let her know you guys
aren't I got to be going like a
once-in-a-lifetime thing it's gonna be
amazing I get there and they're like no
we open have a did something's happened
we can't have the door open so then when
you start to go in a normal helicopter
which is still I'm saying we have to go
and are still really really freaking
cool second thing I've got something
with two things in this bag one of them
I'm gonna show you later because it's
mental and the other one oh what's that
we'll do that a little bit later cause
I've got to go back to the office now to
do some work with Jack Swing has arrived
in the office for the evening mr. sharp
down that a quick red bell feel a little
bit disgusting I needed it though
because we've got a button at work we
need to do this evening Jenny's here
right now I need to go and get him I'm
gonna plant the camera so you guys can
see his reaction to the board wall let
me go again
it doesn't look sick yeah that's it yeah
come to the office for an hour's work
and it's 5:30 3:00 in the morning
it's 5:30 3:00 in the morning I've got
here about half past 10:00 yesterday
it's now almost 5:00 in the morning
we've filmed four videos that is work a
workload that we love but it makes us
very tired saying that I think it's time
to head home now is exactly what I mean
it's the pinnacle of what I mean when I
tell you guys the answer to the question
Alex how do you motivate yourself it's
not me motivating myself it's what I do
that motivates me find something that
you love that you love and you would do
it whatever turn that into your career
and absolutely smash it and that that is
how I'm motivating if that's why I stay
up till 5:00 a.m. working even though
I'm naked because I love it it's not
because I have to it's not because I
want to it's because I love it and that
is how I stay motivated to do work
because I'm doing what I love
twinkling guys anyway all back home now
I left off here went to the office and I
told you guys I had something to tell
you which I very much do how cool is
that
look how shiny it is
it's so cool so this shirt is the first
a B barcode design that I've ever seen
and I'm well I'm already okaying it it
feels so good good as we want it's
exactly what we want anyway guys I
really do hope you enjoyed today's
awesome episode charleen antlered and
going in a helicopter and doing some
work just a casual day right I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's vlog if you
missed yesterday's you can click here if
you're not subscribed to my daily
vlogging channel you can see my face
every day click right here I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's tomorrow's vlog adios
