quick Sunday lunch meal with the family
to kick off the day yeah buddy
no is it
so your son watches my video
you carry all the stuff for me very much
so you guys have seen a dude in my
videos quite recently
quite often right you need to move this
is Luke it's now part of the team he's
like helping me out with the vlogs
carries things for me we have an
assistant some I've got to say really
now then what you claim with that four
come on we've got a job to do I bring
legitimate about this by the way Lucas
what are you doing with that still we've
got stuff to be doing man Lucas here is
now part of a team and he helps with
with vlogs still playing with it so the
ones is actually a miracle Mars bar is
acting upon his comment section down
there below so this is what I'm acting
upon
if you get back to a video a few days
ago we install this awesome pulley
system where you can like literally take
the skateboards down from the roof and
they'll literally stored stop stored
stored corner system gets up you can let
the skateboards down and it's really
easy all of you guys said credit where
credit's choo it does look really
awesome having the ledgers Kapil's
hanging from the roof but impractical it
is just that we need we need to change
this it's just not good
we've been to the shop and we have
bought an absolute box full of stuff I'm
not gonna explain what we're doing here
it's just gonna look awesome
trust me so our plan today guys is to
say bye-bye to this awesome but
impractical idea and start putting the
board's
unlikely
so that is the last board on the board
of Electric skateboards as you can see
this looks really really clean I'm
loving it what we're actually gonna do
now is where is it here this is called
contouring right this is absolutely
awesome stuff and we're gonna run it
some sockets here board one board to
board three sockets to charge each board
and the controller we're gonna do this
properly it's gonna be in this black
cable and it's gonna look awesome
finally finished is so late in the
evening right now and also guys the
office is all clean let me give you a
tour round so I say the office is all
clean most of it is guys editing that's
looking as it usually does this bit is
the bit that's not really clean I need
to sort this out next sweet though over
here is the massive box from Corsair
than two bags of softbox the tree of
Bluetooth speakers in power banks camera
gear Montferrat again the Hat collection
so far the breakfast bar camera and
custom Elgato shells my signed picture
of John Bell Ian love this thing a draw
for the dog receiver type of cable
imaginable my desk which is obviously
the best invention yet we've got the
unboxing knife in there armed and ready
for the next unboxing and everything is
looking sweet but hold up
so video a little while ago I said to
you guys I want to take the boosted
boards out of my garage at home and do
something with him you know the booster
balls the Electric skateboards the
separation pods whatever you'd like to
now the only other youtuber that I
physically know and I've heard of that
has a large quantity I eat more than one
electric skateboard and have them
mounted somewhere on a wall it's Casey
nice down anyway I told you guys that
wide somewhere to mount these boosted
balls my Electric skateboards and you
guys sent me screenshots of how Casey
had done it and I said that's cool I
don't really want to do that though
because I want to try and be original
about so I thought as you guys saw oh
what we'll do is we'll mount them on
strings and hang them from the roof yeah
it worked and it looked awesome but it
was impossible to have the board
charging whilst they're up there it was
a little bit of a faff yes I know it
looked awesome it really did it was just
let's be honest impractical so this my
friends is what we have built look at
this is the effort between me and Luke
but you see this was my idea here this
awesome s design for the plug sockets so
as you see we have the main feed coming
in here that then goes down to plug
socket one which is labeled looks up get
one that comes up to here goes one to
there and plug sake to that guys runs a
day because it's there into plug socket
three now leave it to you guys to decide
whether the power actually runs through
these black cables or they're just there
for show you guys decide that in the
comment section down below as you can
see looks like one is normal book so p2
is no woman and plug socket three
actually has two USB ports in it the
reason plus I get three of the USB ports
it is because here there's a hook in the
wall which houses all three of the
controllers to easily have them charging
oh they coming down from each plug
socket we have the Transformers for each
of the boards now the balls are mounted
on these ladder hook things that we
bought just some cheap ones and they go
on there like that and then you just
plug plug the charger into them and
that's it I say that's it it's a
masterpiece it's a piece of art it looks
absolutely wicked I have no idea what it
was like on camera but just coming into
the office looks so understated until
you then turn to this wall and just see
this and it is not honestly guys it's
insane
right guys it's really late this has
been Sunday that's been my activity it's
been awesome I need to go home right
then guys I'm all back home now I've got
a major day plan for tomorrow and when
I'm in major I mean major what I'm doing
tomorrow is something along the lines of
one of those things where you'd say this
is sort of a one in a lifetime
opportunity to do this and I am I'm
buzzing you know like skydiving or
something you know it's like a
one-in-a-lifetime thinking everybody's
that oh my god I'm a skydiver I'm not
something tomorrow that I'm doing is
like one of those things and yes it
involves I'm not even gonna tell you I'm
not even gonna tell you but if you guys
can tell but I'm putting an absolute
shed load of effort into the videos at
the moment so if you guys could drop a
like rating that will be absolutely
awesome it'd mean the absolute world to
me guys I really hope you are enjoying
the content I'm putting out on the site
in a few hours I say a lot writing a
comment down below letting me know that
you enjoyed it would be awesome anyways
guys my name's Ben Alex you guys been
awesome guys tails and keep smiling I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog you missed
yesterday's you can watch here you're
not subscribed click here and I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's one it's gonna be
good I'll see you there
adios
