get ready to play squash our top bro
listening guys how are you all doing my
name is of course Alex it's really warm
and really raining today let's spend a
couple of hours in the office welcome to
Saturday's loss so arrived into the
office for this afternoon it's Saturday
so I doubt how much words what I do have
work to do by Saturday so I'm going to
try and get myself that sort of day off
I always work in the office and there is
kind of a strange day today with how the
clouds are forming where the Sun is and
the actual brightness in the sky so what
I'm thinking now is now that I'm
actually home and I have my baby my DJI
inspire 1 which is like a professional
filming drone we take that the GoPro
Karma combine it with the really sort of
overcast weather today and see which
drone comes out on top only an hour's
work done now in the office do a few
emails and then we'll head off
perfect time to test both of these
drones we've got a slight bit of wind in
the air there's not much light but
there's still a little bit of light so
they should be fine we've got a lot of
detail to focus on we've got a lot of
sky to focus on let's do this starting
with at the DJI inspire 1
I
so I just tried to take off the Karma I
click take off it leant to one side
snapped its own prop off before had even
taken off and it also says no camera
found I'm pretty sure the cameras in the
GoPro please for the sake of everybody
go back go back to the drawing board
it's absolutely terrible it's terrible
absolutely terrible
rather than guys I really feel like you
are gonna be saying Alex you're being
very very very very bye about the Karma
I'm literally just telling you my
experience with that drone as I've said
yours may vary take my experiments as
you will it literally tried to take off
leant to one side and snapped his own
propellers before even got in the air
without being said I need some food
so there's a phrase that goes you don't
want to run away from bad things you
want to run towards good things right
apply that to how things look and cable
management and all of that law don't
like you guys know in a recent video
five days ago I've been looking at an
actual apartment to go and stay I've
booked it viewing of it I've told you
guys that I was actually gonna show you
what apartment it is and the pictures
and stuff I want to make sure the
booking is 100% confirmed before I go
ahead and do that because I don't wanna
let you guys down this I'm going to look
at a new apartment to possibly go move
in there and have my own place those
guys the miles of bounds we can all have
this new apartment and it will be insane
but obviously I'm still here right now I
still have to exist in this space which
is still absolutely awesome because this
well I love all of this I mean for me
there's nothing not to like about the
LEDs everywhere and the LEDs around the
bed that we did the other day look
absolutely awesome Phillips here I mean
the desk is it's just awesome obviously
you guys have been commenting on my
cable management and everything recently
and I feel like I've just been ignoring
it running away from it so as I told you
guys I've been running away from back
table management I wonder hunter was
good good cable management let's do this
oh my god
Oh
so obviously this evening you've seen me
focus a lot on well this this up here
now what do you think this still looks
like a mess or not this is actually
really simple for me to understand and
that was that was the end goal with this
but for me to explain why this means so
much to me I need to explain actually
what's going on here
now the reason all this is really
serious is because up there all of that
tech up there is my second business that
thing up there all of that together
earns me money and you're probably
thinking Alex how does that happen well
in simple terms one of these black
cables goes into that box which brings
the Internet into my house and then all
of the other three black cables there
well they go and they sell the Internet
to my neighbors that live around me that
sounds really really strange doesn't it
yeah I sell Internet to people this this
earns me money whilst I'm sleeping now
in here this setup the only other setup
in here
you know this fix this up and tidying
all the cables that you guys can't stay
in the conversation down below Alex I
can see a cable because you literally
can't see any cables but what I want to
do with this is well just simply open up
a little bit of discussion do you guys
think there's anything we can do to this
out for the last time to change
something maybe it being big or small
while we move out cuz this setup means a
lot to me I think I simply just quickly
come to the office to bring this here
and I think it's fair to say that the
office actually needs more work doing to
it than the set up at home but this
moving out of a moving house thing it's
kind of a serious and kind of a big deal
for me
look at me I'm only small
that bet does just look wicked that
isn't it a lot of puns like a little gap
between each of the lights it's so so
cool guy Sweetman guys I mean don't you
have enjoyed today's vlog a little bit
of a comparison between the drones even
though I couldn't even get the GoPro
camera up and I don't really want to
seem like I'm being a biased person
because that isn't me at all everything
looking sweet I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog you missed yesterday's
you can watch it here guys if you not
subscribe to my daily vlogging channel
you can click here I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog I love all your faces
adios
