it was something like 2,000 398 pounds
let me tell you guys what I bought and
why I bought it
right that's the little ordeal over that
all whole deal just there that trip to
the shop doing that that was all sparked
because of the comment section from
yesterday's vlog I'll is the cable
management as the girl management your
desk is awful I fixed it I hope you
happy but later took me half an hour so
guys welcome back to a Friday evening in
the life of well in the life of me I've
been super super super super busy today
with work ii type things i also managed
to get a gym session in because well
hump into the gym since i went to spain
and honestly it's absolutely incredible
how much like how much strength you lose
just by not going to the gym for a
couple of weeks it's up there already go
one of these this is this is really cool
only a nerd would like this i'm up
I already got one of these that look
guys literally a Kingston PCIe nvme
Drive kinks the devotee kingster already
sent me one of things that have already
sent me one of these I don't know why
they've sent me another one I've now
I've got two of them ice storage on
steroids and I've already got one 480
gigs
I'm gonna put this back in the box
because I know exactly exactly what
that's for for a project later on this
week next week next week next week
now today guys have been a very very
very strange day for male explain why in
a second I'm on an electric skateboard
right now because I wanted to prove to
you guys how easy it was to take them
down and also how easy it is to put them
back up again now the reason why today
has been strange other than the fact
that haven't actually member to vlog in
daylight today because I've been working
well to answer question what was
different about this morning is five
minutes after my alarm went off I spent
2,000 pounds 2002 zero zero zip five
minutes after my alarm went off embed on
my laptop in my boxes and that is why
guys out of all of the days this week
this one has been the most strange
I'll explain while spending that money
on a little bit late and trust me it
involves you guys you'll want to stick
around to hear what I spend the money on
so you guys evidently know that I love
film my whole persona on YouTube is
about film making this vlog look cool
doing little transitions like this and
just genuinely love and a passion for
film but the funny thing is I haven't
seen an actual film in a long time
because I haven't had time
so everybody's raving about this horror
film and it's called it I'm gonna go and
see it this evening this is gonna be a
little review now if I'm gonna do a film
review for you guys I need some food and
that food needs to be of the highest
quality
Nando's third time in a row this week I
suppose now setting a good example third
worst thing you can be addicted to
guys it is over it's being the film that
we just watched I have my camera
confiscated obviously it was a dumb idea
can I take a camera cinema the convent
that took the camera off me obviously
it's kind of expecting it though short
review of it when we get home because
it's quite late and I'm freezing
it's a 20-17 film review by mars bar the
things i liked it has fern wolfhard in
it who plays Mike in stranger things it
has lots and lots of jump scares it's
very scary and it has an OK storyline
things I didn't like it's very scary and
it has an OK storyline what I will say
to you is if you are a fan of scary
things with a slight bit of story behind
them go for it but if you really thrive
on a good story that is what makes a
film for you then possibly this isn't
the film for you I felt like this was
just a BTech stranger things but the
film version it was also very long
oh hey guys this is the moment of truth
are you ready three two one hey it works
there's one thing I swear by is 100
percent Loctite gloom you want to glue
anything together use Loctite it is the
best stuff you can ever use not
sponsored I've used a lot of glue in my
time because I've built a lot of setups
in my time and setup so quite honestly
trust me next time you're buying glue
get Loctite you'll be fine it was picked
up this thing whilst I was at the shop
my plan is with this thing is to put it
up there and cover those horrible cables
which yeah the whole reason I bought
these plans yesterday in Ikea was to
well sort this room out because it's
sort of like neglect it a little bit
it's really cool but I just neglect it
and it turns into a tip to be fair to be
fair I've got a lot of cleaning up to do
I don't really I don't really know
what's gotten into me so with that being
said tomorrow I need to do some cleaning
but first some news let people do what
they need to do to make them happy and
you do what you need to do to make you
happy that is what I always say to
myself when I find myself automatically
judging other people's action now this
morning I spent over 2,000 pounds on
Apple's website it was something like
2,000 398 pounds let me tell you guys
what I bought and why I bought it I
bought well two of these phones right
not not this one the iPhone 8 + 64
gigabyte two of them in rose gold yes I
know nobody can use two phones at once
more on that in a second I also bought a
new Apple watch I bought the series 3
with cellular cellular it has cellular
in in the watch now this is a big
upgrade for me because I've got the
series 1 Apple watch and it is
absolutely awful well it was good it's
now quite a few years old so now it's
awful
I'm not lying like I can't use the thing
without it lagging it just lag so I just
prefer to use my phone instead of the
what's the point if it's lag I spent
that much money I don't know what all of
you are saying Alex why the heck have
you done that what's the point you've
got a phone that works it's the iPhone 7
is literally the red one the most recent
one that came out what are you playing
going back to that phrase let other
people do what makes them happy and you
focus on what you want to do to make you
happy okay what makes me happy is making
other people happy hence why I make
these vlogs every day I'm assuming
because they make people happy when they
watch them I mean I'm hoping that if
these videos aren't making you happy
then I'm not 100% sure why you're really
here
exits a corner there was three main
reasons why I bought the iPhone 8 one of
them was because I wanted to see what it
was like in the hand to hold it myself
to actually see it the second reason all
revolves around this camera I want to
tell you guys what I think about the
iPhone 8 when it comes out on release
they avoided them for release that we're
getting them on release date and the
third reason I want to give one away for
you guys so if you guys wanting an
iPhone 8 giveaway when it comes out I
bought two of them so on the release
date I can give one of these phones away
to one of you guys drop me a like rating
down below and let me know if you'd want
that if not I'll just pick up one of the
phones but if you want a giveaway for an
iPhone 8 please let me know because I've
ordered two but I only have to take away
one so let me know I'm gonna wipe down
the blinds guys three two one go have a
bath and then get some rest guys I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog guys my
husband Alex you guys been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smiling got a chat to
me i'm on twitter at mars bar gaming i
tried to chat you guys as much as
possible today I don't want you guys
reach out but I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog guys a lot racing would
be wicked I do
