sweetheart it's good morning to you all
how are you all doing my name is of
course Alex guys and welcome yourselves
back to another daily vlog party desk
today guys all looking clean toby was
over last night we had a duel on sale we
had pizza and one of many i think the
pizza box dominos last night guys ivan
our room is all tidy desk looking little
mini home pod review run went live
yesterday so if you didn't watch that go
ahead and watch it today guys
Friday morning it's a beautiful day
outside I'm gonna carry on this cleaning
train
sweet guy's car is all clean bedroom is
all clean today I've got a free day no
work on and my girlfriend is coming home
for the weekend so I need to go to the
train station and pick her up
sweet ladies I have picked up my
girlfriend from the train station who
dropped her back unfortunately haven't
been able to spend much time with my
girlfriend today only that half an hour
in the car and that is it well because
number one I'm really hungry and number
two I've got a really important thing
that I need to finish this afternoon and
for that I need Luke so guys I'm really
dropping you in the deep end here but as
you can see well you've probably never
seen my room like this before
OCD is going a little bit off the wall
right now because just spent the morning
tidying this room and now I don't think
I've seen this TV off the wall since the
first time I set foot in this room when
I moved in two years ago as you can see
Luke and I have run new ethernet cables
down the wall and they need to plug
these home parts are legitimately awful
what it's just turned up with not no
don't buy one the metal anyway guys
sorry for the home part interrupting us
we've run new Ethernet cables and let me
tell you why but first let's get the
tele back up on the wall
so guys welcome to episode two of the
loft conversion I've got a load of cable
here let me explain what we're doing
so in about 30 seconds this cable is
gonna start disappearing up there and
what we've got to do is feed this cable
all the way through this black pipe down
the left over to there and once we've
done that I'll be able to show you what
we're doing
mission accomplished so all that cable
comes through this pipe all the way down
here and ends up over here a massive
shout-out to Jacob who's been helping us
this guy's is what I wanted to show you
it looks a mess at the moment but all
three of these cables are going to go
inside this patch panel and this is
gonna look awesome
so guys unfortunately my little brother
has gone Tibet and the loft hatch is in
his room he's not very well he's had to
go to bed a little earlier than usual
which is a shame for a Friday night so
Luke and I have had to pack up work in
the loft it's a bit of a shame I thought
we could get more done than we well than
we did but it is looking absolutely
awesome I wanted to make today's whole
vlog about what we're doing up there and
then tell you the gaming side of it and
what I'm actually going to be converting
in the rest of the loft but we'll do
that in the next episode so it sort of
left me a little bit starstruck right
now because I don't know what to do for
the rest of this vlog so I took to
Twitter
probably not the best place to leave the
car
Nando's is closed
I'm a big believer in a thing called the
benefit of the doubt
and if someone makes a mistake once or
twice given the benefit the doubt it's
said they're gonna improve give them the
benefit of the doubt pretty much means
that you're gonna sort of deplete or
ignore the last things they've done
wrong give them the benefit of the doubt
as I've just said and hopefully they get
better in the future and that's not the
case with nando's Lincoln it's terrible
every time I go in there no matter who
I'm weird the stafford mardi they try to
turn you away by telling you that things
aren't there like they don't have
chicken
it's Nando's and just a reference sake
wherein zzs right now which is right
next to Nando's and zzs and Nando's
shoot at exactly the same time but
Nando's were closing up and I walked
towards the Nando sign and they started
rolling their eyes I saw them a mile off
as easy as well they welcomed you in
open arms even when they're just about
to close all I'm saying is if you work
in hospitality I think just the basics
caring about the customers really goes
along the way and its really come to
light seeing Nando's Lincoln just treat
people like rubbish maybe isn't
everybody maybe it's maybe it's just me
but it's been getting that annoying I
wanted to say it to you guys but this
looks absolutely gorgeous
just so you guys know I'm not lying loo
Islington Nando's absolutely shocking
its then it's horrendous it's actually
mental how about it then need right
what's next
your wish is my command
oh wow oh this is mental
this is mental okay cars have got to be
really quiet because this place this
place her security like full-time
security there's pictures of dogs around
this place I don't think it's real I
think they just pretend signs because
like this place is illiterate Aviva
nowhere well there's a toilet they open
that door this is mental go first this
is sick oh wow stretcher stop wait I
thought little prison cells that's
mental thought this so many of us wait
this one goes around the corner well
that's not the toilet Oh what the hell
that's so weird only has these abundant
places guys I honestly don't know why
you guys like it it's so odd that's
mental look at this
Oh sick maybe this is mint ice so big
it's so big just keeps going on and on
this is these are rooms inside of rooms
inside of rooms
look at the shelfing this is a but it's
not all untouched me yeah
this is brilliant what's us a gr SS
field telephone - gee doc this is really
sick
oh wow this is huge oh wow look at the
whole boiler geez why does that go
Oh mate that's mental I wonder where
that goes oh this is telling it this is
turning into a horror film right now you
know we're not doing it I'm not going
down in there anything it will be down
there it will be down there
hey it's mental where ROA sees where we
can be little breaths I think around it
grasp oh yes well guys haunted house do
I fail to deliver or do I deliver let me
know if you think was you come back here
and I'll go down my little tunnel 5,000
likes and I'll do it
oh no it goes upstairs this is sick
where's the flashing lights can you see
that you see the flashing eyes
that's that I think security Sam
security helps to seen this oh my god
never I don't
oh god oh god is get closer oh my
my guys we need to go we need to go now
who that this is mental right guys
definitely 5,000 likes if you wanted to
come back here this is mad
this is a madhouse drooling guards
already hope you enjoyed today's daily
vlog I need to be really quiet cuz I'm
currently at Maria's house right now and
everybody around me is I think there's
people there as people there it's a big
family and also I really hope this video
doesn't get 5,000 likes otherwise I can
just see my fate right now and I'll have
to do it anyway guys I'll see you in
tomorrow's daily vlog guys if you
enjoyed a like rating would be awesome
but also let me know if you pumped for
part 3 of the ultimate loft conversion
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
adios
