picked up Maria we are going to Ikea
that wasn't meant to rhyme so guys
fueled up in Nando's in now IKEA not
come really here for any particular
reason for myself I'm here with Maria
Maria say hi because she came back to
uni tomorrow and she needs some stuff
some stuffs for uni and I'm not gonna
pass up the opportunity to go to Ikea
because who in their right mind would do
that I don't have no idea that when we
get to the plant section you're gonna
have to just be make lots of noise
because I'm just gonna lose you yeah
these things are absolutely sick I'm
gonna get some of these for the office
what are these cool these are the that
those are sweet that is exactly what I
want the office to look like the office
is starting to become my brain as an
explosion of paint all over the wall so
guys I was coming to Ikea with Maria and
I was like what can I do and I was
lacking a bit of inspiration so I put a
tweet out was like guys I'm coming to
Ikea what should I buy the majority of
you guys was like do something cool with
lighting and I think I've found
something awesome I've had a brainwave
now I'm not gonna tell you guys what it
is what I'm gonna do I'm just gonna buy
some stuff and try and barge something
together and make something like cool
that's idea number one
so whilst I'm in IKEA I wanted to give
you guys a little bit of an update on
something something absolutely awesome
and saying that I've wanted to happen at
the start of this month and we're now
well we're down the 14 that being wrong
thing beginning with M that one thing
beginning with M being the new merch a
fan just ran from his house because I
tweeted saying house in IKEA and he ran
here to meet me
you guys are insane and I love you
thanks for the support
we're getting a lot closer a lot closer
with the merge solid what do you mean
you're getting closer what do you mean
you're getting closer how what does that
even mean well I said to you guys it was
gonna be out at the start of September
that clearly hasn't happened but I've
just got I've just got one of the first
designs like the test to see if it's
okay to release for you guys and I'm
getting that tomorrow the Merc should be
coming out very very soon thank you for
waiting
so guy spontaneous trip to Ikea today
with Maria so she can get some things
for uni I thought to myself how can I
turn all of this into an Ikea mission
how can we go to Ikea think about what
to buy buy something and make it on the
spot
spontaneous IKEA mission I do it you
guys out asking you guys what I should
buy from I care what we should make and
you guys said do something with liked it
let's make something cool
every day some applies with this is to
get these light strips and have them all
the way around of bed so the bed
literally looks like it's floating I
think you look really cool especially
when there's no other lights on in the
room this guy's this is canopy awesome
so guys this is the room with all of the
lights on obviously the children wanted
to set up is currently turned off and so
is the school let's fix that okay guys
fixed it the school and the monitors are
on Phillips you there Phillips you
behind the bed and also Phillips you
that side and now we also have like a
really majestic halo glow around the bed
so this will obviously look a lot better
when the bed sheets are on the bed and
it's just not like the reason why it's
like that is because I had so much work
to do yesterday I physically slept at
the office on the sofa took my duvet and
everything right but that once it's got
all the stuff on the bed is gonna look
absolutely wicked right then guys I'm
happy to say that the skateboards have
stayed up they haven't fallen down and
killed anyone
hey guys the office for a final bit of
work this evening before any to go home
get some sleep say bye to Maria because
she's going back to University and also
as well get some much-needed sleep
because I need to be up early tomorrow
morning not for work not for gym because
it's the iPhone launch and I need to
preorder it's a pre-order a loader there
so I've got some fresh iPhones to give
away to you guys and also great news as
I told you guys in IKEA I'm getting the
new merge designs
tomorrow if not hopefully the start of
next week all I have to do then is okay
to make sure that okay nice and silky
soft for you guys which I'm sure they
will be and then they will go live
finally finally finally today's blog
this little fun mini vlog going to Ikea
with Maria and as always guys I hope you
all right if not feel free to tweet me
at miles per game and go follow my
Instagram all the social medias down
there below if you want to speak to me
I'm always available for you guys to
look at you my favorite people in the
world I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog let's order some iPhones it's of a
sick day let's achieve our goals adios
