good morning guys how we all doing my
name is of course Alex late start late
start to the vlog today so good one got
lost of plan but late star I'm sorry
today's vlog a little bit later than
usual because this morning I went back
to my clients which I was like yesterday
to make sure everything was ok just
something I like to do to go back and
you say look is everything ok what I did
are you guys cool can I leave are you
going to pay me I then had a meeting at
the office I didn't have chance to bring
my camera to it but it was really cool
it was with a local company to me who do
like rental car services and leased cars
now the load of cool cars and they said
look we can take a trip down and we
might be able to go and drive some cool
cars they'll have like loads of like
high spec cars and talking like
supercars so that was cool to show you
some awesome bits for you guys I've just
arrived at Grandma's right now because
you guys know mom and dad have split up
and I like to try and see my mom once
every week hi
there's three of these things in this
box and they all connect together around
your house to create one solid wireless
network ASIS thank you for sending this
out I'm gonna test it out but not yet
because we're on a mission guys we are
on a mission that we have set ourselves
you guys in the comments said it for my
spark of conversation yesterday that
spark of conversation being I came into
my office yesterday and I told you guys
look I've got all these electric
skateboards one down here for example
and I want somewhere to store them all I
said to you guys put something down in
the comment section where you think we
could store them and I gave the idea of
having them on ropes or or chains
hoisted up in the ceiling I can tell you
this though guys we've accepted the
challenge we're gonna put the electric
skateboards open the roof to make an
electric skateboard display and yeah
there's a slim chance that you'll look
good it's probably gonna look stupid but
we'll have some fun and that's what the
vlog is all about let's go off to our
favorite place
so here's the plan cameras follow me so
one of three skateboards right now is in
the office it's right down here I bought
all of the hooks that I think we need to
get this done bigger small hooks welcome
to my office
we've got wooden beams here we've got a
wooden beam here too the plan is to do
this just with the boosted board just
with one skateboards one out of three of
the skateboards that we want up there so
we're not wasting any time
fingers crossed touchwood that it worked
and also looks good as well which I'm
hoping it will if we can pull this off
I'll be super happy let's do this
so there we go guys because we have no
wall space really left in this room
whatsoever there's literally no wall
space we've had to put the booster
boards up high now this this is what we
thought out I didn't think it was going
to work you guys thought it would look
silly I think it looks amazing because
it does so you have the boosted board
which is hooked on to the rope around
here and then it goes into a little hook
there down there there's no hook it
couldn't be any more simple now the best
part about it is when I'm sat on my desk
you can't even hardly see anything even
when you're in the middle of the room
and you look up you can't notice it and
the fact is when it's three boards are
bad it's gonna look really really cool
this space is getting awesome and I love
how it reflects how creative my brain is
and just what the explosion is up there
in my head is pretty much this room that
is what I'm trying to recreate
so now well just two boards left to do
but those are the two boards are at home
I'm getting hungry
Nando's time
sui-lan goes back into the office after
a quick Nando's with Luke little late
night snack have to say it looks a
little bit odd with just one board there
hopefully with three there it should
look like it has a little bit more
purpose so guys this looks like that is
absolutely awesome just need to figure
out what I want to do with these strings
but lately if you want a skateboard you
do that unclip it from the hook lay it
down and there's your board you want to
put it back up you let it back up you
click this onto there like that and you
saw what it surprised Chen has just
arrived it's a tech flow evening this
evening we've got a few videos to do for
tech floats on taste one for some
big-ass companies we get to work but for
now the skateboards are looking real
wash your thoughts
other than potential instant death it
looks sick scary I know I've been kicked
our house here tonight on a real jet and
I've got a lot of work to do as I said
because I've been in Spain recently an
upload event so we haven't had time to
hang out and do a load of work so we're
actually sleeping in the office tonight
how crazy does that sound sounds like
we're legitimately obsessed with work
which we are a little bit we've got a
load of work to do so we're going to
stay in the office right now get a few
hours sleep
I'm giving Jed the big sofa I've got a
sofa
officer omelette you're gonna go and
have two hour sleep on the site but
absolutely sick pad up here bro rolling
guys that I'll be today's vlog I really
hope you've enjoyed the skateboards out
there look absolutely also we could have
any improvements please let me know down
in the comment section down below I was
looking on eBay and you can actually get
like a an electric hoist motor for like
50 pounds that will be a bit safer
wouldn't it unless you click a bird and
then anyway guys few hours sleeping the
office will wake up tomorrow a brand new
floor brand-new day brand-new goals see
you guys soon for the murchison yeah new
merch is coming very shortly guys adios
