I'm gonna be buying three four four
things from the Apple event today what
to see good morning guys and
welcome welcome back to another daily
vlog lesson
is he very very very very very special
day
it's very special today
today guys is a very special day for two
reasons
number one because well I've got an
awesome job to do today you guys know I
love work which is an awesome thing for
me to be able to say I love working my
job I love it you guys know my friend
Luke well they've just joined my network
so I'm going to their house today to
overhaul their entire house with Wi-Fi
that's work I love work that's a cool
thing secondly today half you're gonna
love this and half you're gonna hate it
but you're gonna have to hear me out
it's special today because it's Apple's
keynote now you guys know that I am NOT
on one side of the spectrum you guys
know that I like Windows machines and I
also like Mac and Apple I have an iPhone
but then I also have Galaxy s8 which I
love a Google pixel is my second phone
my work phone I have a MacBook which I
complained repulsively about to you guys
I didn't have a preference I'm not on
any team here but Apple's event today is
a special one it's a special one because
ten years ago the first iPhone was
released and you have to agree with me
on one thing that iPhone changed phones
forever when it came out for the allure
you hate them you have to respect them
as a company from the choices they have
made they're killing it respect to them
so today's keynote isn't gonna be like
any normal keynote today's keynote is
gonna be special right I need to go to
work
dj khaled take it away bro another one
it's not that it's not coming up where
is it
hey what okay it's not live yet it's not
live yet I'm getting too ahead of myself
okay I'm fumbling a little bit I just
cannot wait to see what they bring out
back it's a little kid I used to get so
stoked for all these Apple events well
not just Apple about any new product our
company bringing out a new products I
used to always be absolutely stoked for
it but as I've gotten a little bit older
I want you guys to help me with this
down in the comment section down below
as I've got a little bit older I found
that the Apple events they just haven't
been it's like oh my god I want to watch
it and now I don't know if that's just
because I'm getting older as a person or
Apple we're getting more boring in there
well in how innovative they are as a
company this event this event has bought
all the rush back to me this is why this
one is special I can feel it and I'm
buzzing right I'm gonna do this properly
I'm going to make a coffee got a little
big cake
let's see if it's on now
there we go so on let's see what Apple
do this time I hope the iPhone a is
amazing hope there's a new Apple watch
and some new air pods pods okay so far
new Apple watch my one is the first
Apple watch that ever came out behind
sites get really really really really
slow like I don't use the OS on it just
because it's so slow to navigate so I
might just upgrade to this one with
cellular I'll let you guys know if
anything else crops up
okay here we go it's iPhone this is I
friend this is the one I'm most excited
about everything new Apple watch is
amazing
iPhone that's the first one book that's
the first iPhone that is what changed at
ten years on this is the event this is
what I'm saying what are they gonna do
over the past decade we pushed forward
with innovation after innovation after
innovation bringing us to this moment
oh it's literally the night before
Christmas for me
what are they showing what's this what's
going on ah sake to reveal a product
that will set the path for technology
for the next decade come on yes yes I
can't tell if it's gonna be good or not
as you can animate emojis with your face
on the new iPhone my kid
the Apple event was amazing we'll talk
about in a second though because you
guys are obviously wondering Alex why
the hell you in the garage is because I
need one of these
it's absolutely chucking it down outside
but now I'm here I can talk to you guys
about what I thought about the Apple
event I'm gonna be buying three four
four things from the Apple event today
and of course they'll be a giveaway
involved because I love you guys so in
about 30 seconds this is what I thought
of the Apple event and what I'm going to
be buying this is my Apple watch it's
the first generation Apple watch I've
worn it ever since the first generation
Apple watch came out I saw no means to
upgrade to the series two now the series
three has come out with LTE on this bad
boy I will get it because it's a big
upgrade for me from the series one I'm
going to buy the third gen Apple watch
with LTE I'm also going to buy the
iPhone 8 plus and I'm going to have it
for seven weeks and then when the iPhone
X comes out I'm gonna buy that that will
then replace my iPhone 8 plus which I
will then give away to you guys yeah
that's three items that I'm gonna buy so
far then I'm gonna buy that wireless
charging pad thing called about the new
Apple TV you don't use mine enough I'll
also buy I don't know when it comes out
of the home pod speaker thing you got a
very money guys a lot of the things that
I buy is simply just to make videos on
them like oh there's a normal dude and
this wasn't involved in my life
I probably wouldn't really care but
because you guys get the point it's fun
to do cool things with you guys I
wouldn't just do this by myself
right whyever bought this here and trust
me we won't be able to guess I haven't
even bought the controller I've just
bought an electric skateboard without
the controller to the office for one
week I said to you guys about a month
ago that I wanted to make a wall or
something to do with the electric
skateboards I have three Electric
skateboards one mini one two large ones
what I was thinking of doing and if you
guys have a bad plan please let me know
what we could do is you see the trucks
of the skateboard here we could get a
bit of rope and some hooks and whenever
I'm finished with the booster board hook
it to the bottom of to pull down the
rope and tie it onto something so the
board's literally live up in the roof
does that make sense
because if you look here this office is
really tall and imagine having the
electric skateboard up there hanging as
if they're an ornament but when we want
to use them we untie the string let them
down that was my idea what do you think
it will be mad if we put that together I
would stay in the office because I have
a load of work I need to do this evening
but EE rang me earlier he in the UK like
a carrier you know like AT&T or Verizon
or t-mobile yeah he rang me earlier and
they were like yo Alex we've got a
package coming for you he said it should
have arrived at 5 o'clock this evening
but it didn't the citizens arrived at 5
p.m. this evening but there's been a
problem so it's going to be there later
on this evening it's currently 9 p.m. so
I'm thinking it's gonna be arriving
pretty soon and I have no idea what here
you want to send me okay I see
headlights keep going around may keep
going around yes
so I have no idea what's inside of here
I got a text earlier from the marketing
team of EE as I explained to you else in
the office it was a last minute in that
random I thought it was a little bit of
a hoax I was getting text off this
random number they said they were from
my EE and they said they want to send me
a parcel though I asked him for the
address and I was like what is going on
hi Alex it says we've realized you have
a busy night ahead of you with the Apple
Keynote this box was meant to arrive
before the keynote wasn't it okay this
may be making sense right now I should
have had this box before the keynote to
help you with the long hours of the
keynote here are some goodies that
should keep you working at superfast
speed just like our network see what we
did there there bout you to help with
the late night munchies Wireless sport
headphones and a water bottle headband
and an energy snack a cab ride to get
you home after the long I watched it
here what I'm confused I'm not sure
what's going down here what are you
doing okay well no it is as simple as we
think about 40 pounds of vouchers to
spend on on taxis thinking about it this
is the most random set of items that
could be in a box together but I suppose
a yeah thank you the thought that counts
that's amazing
