there we go
sweet guys I finally arrived back into
the office after coming home from London
it's taking very good three hours to get
home today
and you guys obviously know why I've
been in London it's been uploaded a vent
that's been about a massive thing about
the fight and oh my god it was mental
and then that wasn't the only thing that
happened this weekend on YouTube that
was like sort of bad pewdiepie when said
the n-word on a stream and now that's
all of them it's all going mad but it's
fine there because a miracle has
happened I managed to do the whole of
this weekend in London three days in
London just using this bag and I just
cannot get enough of it remember to drop
a link to this bag in the description
it's not sponsored and just letting you
guys know that I've used this pack for
so long and it is just it's just amazing
I look at it all everything is fun gets
thrown about nothing gets broken if your
youtuber or you love tech and you just
want a nice bag by the way I don't know
if you can tell I'm really losing my
voice oh so two little under this
morning and I did a little bit just a
little bit of shopping probably spent a
little bit more money than I'd hoped to
you know you buy some special shoes when
they come with a bag to keep the shoes
in oh wow
look at them they're insane are you
gonna sing this right now I really wish
I could be louder but my voice is
literally gone from this weekend I'd
even never gonna be able to do a vlog
tomorrow but genuinely look how nice
these shoes are look at like the the
camo on the side and it feels our man
these are insane
I love them and then I got this because
well pretty much because of you guys you
keep complaining all the time I like to
buy some clothes that fit you I do buy
clothes it's mature I'll just keep
falling down so I bought a got a nice
belt so that hopefully you guys can tell
me to keep pulling my trousers up oh
that's sweet
another guy that sold me the belt he was
all like young I can give you this the
Half Price so I bought this - now this
looks really nice look at that now it's
got to take all of my keys of this
keyring right here and then we'll judge
how it looks so there we go guys a few
little nice purchases from Selfridges
today absolutely wicked even the things
that look nice which they do at least my
trousers help folding down over above
all of those things at this point all
the things that wear this is still my
favorite I absolutely love it it's a dog
tag with Mars bar on it one of you guys
sent it to me in the peer box and I love
it it's amazing also we are legitimately
had no idea what's in this box this is a
little networking stuff for an install
that I'm doing tomorrow back on as usual
guys with that behind it never stops
keep keep working keep doing what you
love don't play with knives right then
guys so now the rush of upload is out
the way it now the Russian Spain is out
the way I'm now back for good
I'm home for a little bit but hold up
I'm gonna speak about this a little bit
more in tomorrow's vlog but I need to
let you know because we've got a call in
like 5 minutes
this goose what I'm about to tell you
but I've actually got a viewing of an
apartment soon like somewhere like a
place a literal place that I want to buy
like to live come and is that going to
be and long as you've said sure I
propose to take you guys round like the
viewing of it and I'm not sure if you're
allowed to bring like a camera or I
could just probably film it secretly but
gonna show you guys a little bit more
about in a few pictures in tomorrow's
vlog because it's kind of a big deal so
big deal number one because it'll have
to be awesome because well we'll have to
meet loads of new setups and make the
whole place look awesome and as well as
it
in my place as funny as it sounds it's
also your guy's place too because it
will be like the the set for the video
so that you guys mainly know that we do
the videoing in my room in my house you
guys know it you guys know that up there
is the live streaming room I mean hey
you guys even make me signs to tell me
what Roos are and I feel like bringing
you guys up to tune and being a custom
with the places that we are in to do the
video makes the videos seem a lot more
homely because it sort of makes it our
place not just my place and I love that
but for now it's Monday evening I need
to leave the office Spain last week and
upload event this weekend has drained me
oh my god this is legitimately every
single item but that bag hadn't a you
see what I'm saying this is pretty much
everything I need to run this daily
vlogging channel not to do it like a
mediocre standpoint no but I could I
could easily do my whole channel every
day of the week on this I've been
traveling a lot more recently love down
to London going to Spain making videos
you guys have loved it and I've also
loved it too and I've got that set up to
play some games up and this thing was
wrong there we go
speaking of playing some games guys just
relaxing having a bit of chill-out time
to reflect on what just happened over
the last few weeks somebody's coming
around this evening to help me do that
there they are now
right so guys that computer there yeah
that one that is actually Toby's old
gaming computer well now it's an old one
so if you guys just follow me through
into the computer room server room in
here you'll see that down here that is
the old editing PC so you guys have seen
the all ROG setup in the office the
editing desk in the office is all ROG
gear the whole thing and so before ROG
came over this down here was the
computer that used to run the editing
desk now obviously I don't need this
anymore
Saru trying to fix Toby's old computer
but we've given up and just because I'm
a good friend hooks him up with the old
editing PC for a proper good price and
last week I gave him like a keyboard and
a mouse and a headset and loads of stuff
so that is wicked I love helping people
out I love sorting people out that is
awesome and also some new stuff has
arrived for Jake's help so I need to
update you guys on that on that sometime
this week I've also got some other
youtubers with ticks next to their names
as to me going to pimp their setups
that's why hooked up this weekend at
upload sweet anyway guys my name's Ben I
like you guys have been awesome guys
stay awesome keep smiling I hope you all
okay let me know how you doing in the
comment section down below drop a like
rating if you haven't already and I'll
see you guys in tomorrow's vlog adios
