come on in guys how y'all doing my name
is of course Alex guys and welcome back
to sorry wait a sec welcome back to
another daily vlog guys today is Sunday
let's smash it less achieve our goals
response going to upload event and go on
stage with crevel cup and certain bar
and it's very early in the morning
thanks to the boosted board and this
awesome little road for bikers that I'm
riding on I think five minutes event
over with zurk and rebel Cup went really
really really really well for some
awesome questions from you guys
afterwards like a massive unorganized
meeting greet met a load of you guys now
it's currently mid day and I feel like
I've seen a massive handful of you and I
don't really want to stay at the event
all day - just hear me out I think I'm
gonna go do some shopping go spend a
little bit of money and then come back a
little bit later and see the rest of the
people that I haven't so that's the plan
that's the plan
so came all the way distracts with
shopping center to try and get some
clothes and new shoes and a new belt
because there's a party tonight and
everybody's invited all the youtubers
however everything in that shopping
center is so expensive I've seen some
things I like but it is so expensive but
my I might come back tomorrow and do a
shopping spree you guys need to let me
know on Twitter but for now we're going
back going back to the event
realistically this is just mental this
is just the poisons all this drama is
fake but this isn't not very cute or
this is this is just like something else
is tense it's tense
can you see the worry in my face
booster bars are so so fun inside so
guys this wraps up upload event this has
been a very very very very strange event
due to numerous different things
happening
fighting beef loads of things the thing
I genuinely care about most though is
just simply meeting you guys that's why
I come to these events that's why I make
the effort to come down just because I
get to meet you guys and some of the
things you guys tell me and it sounds
like really up myself me saying this but
I know in my head that like people
meeting me makes them happy and that's
that's just the reality of it and that's
why I do it because I like to make
people happy and if if making somebody
happy is then being able to meet me for
some bizarre reason that's unbeknown to
me that I'm gonna do my best to come
down and see you guys and that that is
why I come to these events but this this
is awesome upon a boot
