and then who should that like push that
wheel forward or what they have for
rebirth work done in the office this
morning on a Saturday just to get ahead
of the game because you guys know I've
been away on holiday this last week for
only five days so more day a little bit
behind on work as I told you guys in
yesterday's vlog if you didn't watch it
go ahead and watch yesterday's vlog it's
about this little thing more on this in
a second I mentioned that I've hired
somebody to start helping with what my
client stole from my wireless stuff as
well but I'm just needed to come in the
office to get a heads up on this weekend
because this weekend is something that's
special the only reason it's special is
because I get to meet you guys and I
love you guys saying that I'm in a mad
rush there bye-bye office thank you for
occupying me this morning I'm gonna be
talking a lot about this today and now
if you don't know what this is I highly
recommend you go and watch yesterday's
video in fact it's probably a must right
I'm late as usual
I'm genuinely loving using this boosted
board he saves money on parking I can
get at the train station
about twice as fast to do all because I
can just cut through town I love the
electrics game
if you don't want to watch the whole of
yesterday's video pretty much is the
device that you wear around your neck it
has a camera on it as well as a
touchscreen on the back and it has Wi-Fi
and Bluetooth so that you can connect it
to your phone livestream on to social
media with it
that's the whole point live streams from
your chest without you having to touch
anything
right now first thing I do is give the
booster books of the crate so bring the
booster board and obviously all the
other Creators want something go on it
first
Elliot Crawford holds the trigger not
yet and then push that like push that
wheel forward or what they are
oh yeah
okay that was absolutely mad I need to
turn off the booster board now first
I'll turn off the booster board and told
everybody it's run out of battery it
hasn't I just kind of don't want it to
get broken also I've got a
meet-and-greet in like five minutes
thank you so much to everybody became
I've just got some bad news though
security have just come up to me and
said that somebody has got into the
event into the VIP backend of the event
using my name security is now giving me
a different name so I'm now if not Alex
Brooks anymore or Mars bar
someone else I would somebody do really
really really upset me so I know how to
kill this juice
that should cheer me up a little bit
that's exactly what I wanted any food
all day you guys time out of the meeting
group upload has been amazing I'm gonna
eat this rack of ribs
yeah here ya go see guys I've just got
into the apartment for this weekend for
upload event and I want to give you a
little bit of a tour around it because
we absolutely splashed out on the whole
apartment front well this is actually a
service department and not a hotel so
you can already tell that it's a step up
but let me turn this camera around and
give you a tour so this is the master
bedroom
obviously my room we've got the booster
board out here look at the flat screen
television kind of see what's going on
right what's done here I didn't know
that it okay I got my own ensuite
brilliant oh look at the shower it's
bigger than my one at home okay so that
is my room and then in that got
ourselves some more rooms in here I'm
probably gonna keep in one of these beds
to be fairly honest with you guys and
then over here is the main bathroom of
the whole thing obviously have a bath in
here massive mirror what is that and
then we got these guys chilling in here
this is sort of like a lounge area with
a laptop squad going on this is the this
is the little kitchen lounge area and I
just can see I wasn't going to show you
the view of until now we'll go out on
the balcony go out on the balcony and
take a look at the view
I don't think I'm gonna need to explain
what all of this is because it's kind of
just well the center of a London we've
got the bridge they're lost for words
lost for words this is incredible
okay so if I just say quietly phew one
second I've retreated to my bedroom
because there's loads of people in the
apartment loads of youtubers they're
really awesome chill day today started
out in the office start down London a
meet and greet to me a load of you guys
which is the main reason I'm down here
and now I think it's party time this
hotel that we are staying in right now
is just matter even the view from my
bedroom as you can see the castle is
down there and then you've got a London
Bridge all that up there oh my god I
just didn't even realizes another
balcony there's another balcony
I don't even realize I've got my own
private balcony I can escape I can have
some chill time genuinely guys look how
far away are this this is mental
