morning guys welcome welcome to the vlog
and there we go guys that is it my
apartment I will see you next time
well next time that will be I'm not sure
that's gonna be up to you guys you said
let me know if you wanted to come out to
my apartment in Spain more when it's
free we'll just come out and do some
cool things we've killed it some
vlogging meetups what ever do jet skis
fly drones let me know right it's been
good it's time to go home
thank you very much
by far the worst part about being a
vlogger and coming into airports is just
being told that you can't film having a
camera then Commerce get it then them
looking to your agent it's either don't
film or what the hell is that big thing
on the bottom of your camera yeah that's
that's the Gorillapod I can see why that
kind of looks a little bit like a weapon
oh it's cold anything you're so pretty
man I love it
guys share this outlook so I've been
away obviously the office has been
maintaining itself things have still
been coming things have still been
flowing in the office while I still
haven't been here that being one thing
one thing that has been flowing through
the office my friends is well there's
one of them down there oh oh yeah oh
yeah is a few bits and bobs really I
suppose as well as parcels and different
things flowing through the office guys
I've had it somebody else in here
editing a few of editing a few bits of
content for me somebody you guys don't
know and haven't even met yet and
they've been editing a lot of my client
stuff as well as if you have a little
bits and bobs for YouTube as well so yes
I up hired somebody it was about time to
do some editing for me and take off a
little bit of stress I don't want to
ruin anything for you guys and your
favorite youtubers whether that be me or
another crater and I figure this out not
too long ago but a lot of these bigger
craters that create a lot of content
maybe not encourage that create a lot of
content but once they get a lot of views
on their videos they don't even edit
their own videos and I know these
people's individual names who have this
editor who and I know hiring somebody to
edit your content seems like a brilliant
idea for the creator because it takes
some stress off them I understand that
but I believe especially for these daily
vlogs half the front of it for me is
editing it myself and I think you guys
watch it you know partly for the editing
that I do on the videos and I do things
like that that stuff that you just don't
get you know when somebody else edits
your content for you
there's no other vlogs this editor is
editing it's some other content it's
some promotional stuff I just thought
I'd let you guys know you'll see them
sometimes that over there he's not
replacing jag me and yet I still but
yeah I'll introduce him I'll introduce
him soon
okay that's just all work he stuff that
I need for working off nothing fun this
this is what is going to be really
really fun now none of you guys
understand but I've been waiting for
this parcel guys for over two months
this is the first one of these in the UK
and I am so happy to have its app right
here in my office
Adobe nevermind the UK you just can't
even buy these things yeah I don't think
okay this is what I thought it was gonna
be I don't know now this isn't what I
was hyping up why is my life man like
just getting parcels IRA corners a
corner Wi-Fi Larry uses three powerful
Wi-Fi nodes working together to deliver
a super-fast reliable secure I want to
do today's video on it this weighs like
severe content great occurs now I might
have a video planned for today I was
gonna get home today do this core
believe me I swear I was delivered maybe
I'm dreaming this maybe I'm dreaming it
maybe it's in the maybe her of a signed
for it didn't bring it up to my office
yeah it was on the bottom floor this is
this is it this I knew it had been
delivered I knew it
ladies and gentlemen meet front row this
is a brand new piece of technology that
nobody has ever seen yet it is a round
little device that you can wear or put
absolutely anywhere kind of like a GoPro
live your story Oh cut look at the
screen look at the oh man and I'm not a
hundred percent sure yet if this is the
finished version but just look at the
quality attention to detail on the are
just ah what is it doing this is it's
like opening sequence right now this is
like I believe just turned it on for the
first and instantly guys on my phone
I've got a live preview of what the
front row camera can see look at that
how awesome is that
it comes with like a lanyard like that
so you can literally wear it on your
neck like that or vice so cool so I know
what you thinking Alex what the hell is
the point in this you've got this weird
thing on your chest what is it doing
what's it for I don't understand it
comes with a lanyard
it's got like a weird thing that you can
clip on stuff that's magnetic well
what's the point ow come on I said the
same thing when I pull release the
iWatch I was like what's the point I get
my texts on my phone I don't need them
on my wrist and then for the last three
years I've been wearing an Apple one the
point of this and the reason I love it
is because it is a camera right right
there which streams to your phone over
Wi-Fi which gives you this really fluid
video or over Bluetooth with that you
can then instantly go live on YouTube
Facebook Instagram now this is a video
of me talking straight to the front row
camera it's streaming straight to my
phone but I'm gonna pull the raw for
each straight up as a little device so
you guys can tell me what the quality is
is like this this is from Rome this is
brand-new technology and you guys you
guys should love it look all these
things you can go live up so for example
if you ask
what scam or absolutely anything you can
have the front row there you can go
alive and you can literally just forget
about it it's dangling there as a super
wide angle view and it just captures
what you can see without havin to worry
about like holding a camera or anything
like that this is new technology and I
know it seems weird but trust me it's
awesome
this ladies and gents is front row by
Ubiquiti Networks I'm gonna be testing
out through upload event this weekend
might even try some live streams from
this thing like at my meeting grating
stuff so make sure you go follow me on
my Twitter and all my social medias
everything down below the guys front row
absolutely insane dude haven't seen you
in a row this is honestly their guy's
the best piece of tech I have seen in a
long time it's something new and
something inventive is something out the
box and that is what I love well done
well done
ubiquity suite then guys I really hope
you think that a front row device is as
awesome as I think it is I just think
it's new and I think everybody should
just give it a chance new technology
always well people always think it sucks
to begin with but give it a few years
and boy everybody will have something
along those lines
I think it's wicked and I'm gonna test
out over the event this weekend which is
upload
speaking of up there guys and need to
get some sleep because well I'm off down
to London tomorrow for upload I've got
like a meet-and-greet in hats mazurka to
push it back a little bit because I
wasn't gonna get there for 10:40 it's
about 2:00 in the morning right now so
I've managed to push the meeting group
out to like for for something in the
afternoon so I can get up tomorrow get
this Prague in it did start a new one
get down to uploads and meet all of you
guys but for now - banaue like you guys
have been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling I love all your faces you still
hate a white coating would be awesome
comment down below dedications squad
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog guys
adios
