today in my opinion is one of the
funnest days of any hot weather holiday
you can have to the world spot we are
just going to the water park I
absolutely love water parks I have no
idea how it managed to drag Murray to
the water park at a time I've also use
zero idea without rustling noises but
we've arrived at the water park I've got
a gopher with me you know really about
cameras
ride of the day we start out easy and
we're gonna progress up to well there's
a big boy over there
if I may
so guys we hope you're enjoying the blog
and the most part right now at all yeah
it's gonna come down behind me
waterpark this morning was absolutely
awesome I loved every second of it
Maria yeah Maria's fallen asleep it was
good for the worst I feel slightly bad
for doing that slightly bad so I am
never a horrible person and I would
never mean to be if I ever did come
across horrible to any single person or
even a company like GoPro I've used
GoPro cameras ever since the first GoPro
came out for Aven using GoPros for years
I've seen them evolve as a company the
steps that they've taken some being good
and some being bad and I have respect
for them hands down and I got this thing
yesterday there's a GoPro karma drone
and it was a brilliant unboxing
experience I loved it the first thing I
do with the product isn't box it the
unboxing experience a star but the first
fly in setup was absolutely diabolical I
opened up the controller
it was laggy the thing wouldn't take off
it said the gimbal wasn't connected it
just didn't work it didn't even connect
to my Wi-Fi for God's I had a factory
reset the controller to get everything
working it probably took me about 45
minutes and it was difficult I'm a tech
head much of someone that wasn't a tech
head got this they wouldn't be happy but
it's not all gunshots and gravestones
the drone is working now and I want to
go through my actual thoughts ladies and
gentlemen the GoPro Karma
so first off I want to say I love the
bag that it comes in you can actually
wear this as a bag over your shoulders
it has a mount for a GoPro here so you
can actually wear this which this is a
gimbal now you can actually take the
gimbal off the front of the karma insert
it into the gimbal handle lock it insert
the GoPro that isn't included in the box
and get some awesome handheld footage
I totally rate that and this is what the
footage looks like coming from the GoPro
recording in 2.7 K at 60fps from the
handheld gimbal it's really really
smooth the gimbal is well built and like
any GoPro product feels like it could
take a lot of batter now onto the drone
the legs fold away like this on both
sides the gopro gimbal inserts like that
and you twist this to lock it in place
and the on button is at the back the
battery slot is on the back the battery
is large with a nice indicator right
there and the battery slots in nicely it
has two little retractable legs it feels
nice the controller opening it up
reminds me of a well Nintendo DS you
turn on the controller like this you can
alter the GoPro settings start and stop
recording and change mode on the GoPro
change the tilt of the camera fly the
drone with a live preview it's very very
simple you hold this down
then you click take off and fly it like
any other drone I bump the quality up to
4k at 24 fps from the GoPro Hero 5 you
judge the quality for your self
so Alex with all that being said who is
the GoPro comma for and should I be
buying it the GoPro karma is for
somebody but already owns one of these
one of these go for a little camera
things that I'm using to record this on
right now and these GoPros are
absolutely incredible for the
versatility the quality the waterproof
capturing you doing extreme stupid
things you can also attach this to a
drone that is what the Karma is for it
also comes with a handheld stabilizer it
makes this the GoPro a better tool in
short the GoPro Karma is an accessory to
the small little GoPro it gives you a
handheld stabilizer to stabilize this
little thing and also gives you a
stabilized motor to put this thing up in
the air and catch you some amazing
aerial footage but if you're serious
about aerial footage go with the DJI I'm
gonna do that again
so this wraps up really our last full
day a last full day in sunny Spain in
Marbella tomorrow we are leaving to go
home the flight is late on so we sort of
have like kind of a half day half day
tomorrow
this weekend is actually upload event
you guys know upload is sure you've
heard your other favorite YouTube is
talking about upload event I wanted to
come here and tell you guys that yes I
am attending upload and I also have a
meet-and-greet I'm 100% sure of the
actual time of the meet-and-greet I know
it's on the Saturday so if you guys are
there I put time on screen now
