guys what's going on my name is of
course Alex guys and welcome back to
another daily vlog
so this has upset welcome back to the
vlog got a few things I want to address
in today's vlog as I say I didn't upload
yesterday that was mainly because of
well you guys let me explain things on
the brink of yesterday's vlog in the
comments that i want to discuss one of
them was the muck on my camera sensor
one of them was Alex here in Spain with
your girlfriend spent some time with her
and oh yeah the vlog got 10,000 likes
mental and also we won't discuss this
middle parting it's just that so the
comments Alex spend some time with your
girlfriend you in Spain you're on
holiday yes I know that hence why there
was no vlog yesterday Maru and I spent
the whole day together yesterday and
we're planning to spend the rest of this
whole holiday together with this camera
involved or not and the second thing
thousands of you commented on all the
marks on my camera or on your screen you
were saying Alex you make me clean my
screen and with it being the a7s and
being full-frame the sensor is massive
so there is a lot of room to get dirt on
if that makes Ben when you come to Spain
in the hot countries with lots of Sun
and lots of light you have to bump up
what's called the f-stop which lets
everything be visible to you guys so any
little speck of dirt on the lens or on
the sensor that is now visible to you
guys I've tried my best to clean it this
morning I've probably made it worse but
to let you guys know I bought a sensor
cleaning kit off Amazon for when I get
home
kidding thank you so much for 10,000
likes can we do the same on this vlog
that will be amazing by the way just
look at this place it's literally
paradise now that concludes a really
lazy day down at the pool muricans about
20 minutes before I de to get ready
Maria okay good
she's fine quick little Instagram live
session as you guys can see right now we
are vlogging we are vlogging we're on
Instagram live and we're vlogging we're
doing both it's cam reception right now
look at everybody in the chat go mental
I'm just explained to everybody whilst
I've been like no vlogging the last two
days are why I've been not vlogging in
last few days it's just simply because
miss Bennet's her memory as you guys
know but we've got something awesome
plan to do this evening and also again
is to do with that 10,000 likes you guys
left on last the last vlog so that's
that are you ready go these keys wallet
phone and keys is the three items that
you need to successfully leave the
building let's go
that is still
okay I'm at the shops Maria has gone to
do a food shop I've come up to the top
floor the shopping mall to pick up one
thing is going to absolutely kill me
okay guys so a little bit of a backstory
I came in the shop the other day to buy
a TV for the apartment right and whilst
we're in here I said to you guys oh my
God look at these this is what I was
talking about well these are pretty cool
but it wasn't these these are also
really cool but it wasn't it wasn't
there
it was something else it was it was this
I said to you guys as a little bit of a
joke dropped ten thousand likes on the
video and I've come back and buy it the
video is now sitting at almost eleven
thousand likes and it's only a day old
and what to do I'm stressing out
stressing out why guys why we've got so
many swag ways at home that I just don't
use anymore
but like to Electric skateboards we've
got like the ninebot we've got like two
normal swag ways like we don't need any
more swag ways Oh God okay I'm wandering
around this shop like a headless chicken
because I just I just don't don't know
what to do oh look at this okay okay the
GoPro Karma it's cute indrawn cabbages
are filling the corn is incredible
elective fluid capture films incredibly
fluid from the air with a camera
something something something something
something okay I think all of us can
agree they're getting that smoke away
we'll be cool and really fun to do but
none of us would really get anything out
of it I've been watching me laughing
fall off of it I'm in Spain right now so
we really have me to take it home and
have to leave it in my apartment and I
don't come here very often you guys want
me to come out to Spain a lot more then
let me know we can just come out for a
little trips and do cool little things
like ride jet skis and stuff but I feel
like we switch all of this around we buy
the GoPro comm I compare it to the DJI
inspire yeah yeah let's do that instead
do you do it guys you do it let's do it
look when two puffs of all means can I
have the bill please I think
can I score is
Moorea Moorea is going to kill me I
ended up spending more money than that I
thought I would I bought I bought a
drone I genuinely this it's a drone is
it just genuinely a dragon it's a new
drone like in the game drone like people
know what it is I do go for a Segway and
I came out with a drone it's the life of
Mars bar vlogs no seriously
as a little tutorial to show you how to
fly it before you actually fly it Matt
isn't it
it's uncharged inside I've turned on the
controller with this little built-in
screen the first thing it did was a
sermon to connect to Wi-Fi and it didn't
work just refused to connect to my Wi-Fi
then I did some sort of like lucky
tutorial about how to fly the thing and
now it's kind of froze
it just keeps flashing rapportive Lin
tells me to install the stabilizer
before flying but the stabilizer is most
definitely installed and it is getting
darker and darker and darker are their
GoPro not looking promising just sat
down at our table I've asked for it to
be outside I just said smells like I've
got to get the blood camera out and tell
everybody what's going on I was like I'm
gonna have to use my blog voice but I
can't because we're like a really really
really posh restaurant right now but
check out the view look at the table
if you
