5:30 a.m. Volvo Elson misery and
suffering happiness the question is have
I learned
but it just seems a bit confused it's
not as me or us yeah some guys start
trying to speak to me in Spanish and I
was like English English so for that
little montage we have finally arrived
at the place at the apartment instantly
Spain finally some nice weather or go
vibes let's go in and see what's changed
since the last time I was here because I
so cozy I love it so much we've got new
shutters we've got a new kitchen look at
this place this this sweet sweet so guys
I have changed my top I have arrived in
Spain the weather is absolutely awesome
and now what all of your thinking I do I
do I do I'm going to just stop I'm going
through everything just calm down okay
stop change angle this looks nice so
it's all that we've seen is in the the
last bit of yesterday's vlog all you did
was pack and then you'd even say where
you were going and then Eve woken up
this morning you've got a straight on a
plane at like 5:00 a.m. what I've just
come to Spain for a little bit you guys
know that this apartment that I'm in
right now this apartment you guys the oh
geez of you they've been around for
years you will have seen this apartment
quite a few times I haven't been here
for like two years because last year I
travelled round New Zealand which was
probably one of the best months of my
life I usually come here for a you know
I've ever get away in the summer time so
there's that but then work recently
who's just been mega mega mega mega mega
mega busy I was meant to come here with
my family a little bit earlier in the
summer but I cancelled on the family
because I wanted to focus on this vlog
and doing the vlog and meeting you guys
and going to events and different things
like that that is my priority in life at
the moments this camera and you guys my
company Mars Media Plus which is my
wireless company at Mars media my
promotional video company those three
things those are what I'm trying to do
at the moment you I'm 20 years old and
I'm trying to really drive myself home
we actually rent this apartment out to
people when we aren't here this is my
family's apartment we rent the thing out
when we're not here and I was looking at
the booking schedule and like no one was
here for like this space of like five
days don't I said to marilla's like you
don't want to go out for five days it
looks free why don't we just go up five
days get a cheap flight out like five in
the morning or something and just come
out for five days and have a chill so
I'm gonna try come to Spain for five
days and just stop down on the work and
I think really coming out here for a
little bit of time and just toning down
on the work but not stopping it or
completely will really
helped me gain some perspective back on
on life and work and everything you can
sometimes lose sight of the goals and
what is actually real so five days here
that's what's going down right now I
thought may as well let you guys know
what's going on in my hate I need to
pimp out the apartment because well I've
got here and it's not up it's not up to
Mars bar vlog standard Twitter guys
we've arrived we have literally sat down
as soon as we've got here to been
traveling all morning we've both been
doing like loads of work here and that's
why it's just just a mess but we are
here we've had some food everything is
looking awesome the weather is just like
ridiculously high it's just ridiculous
James top had a shower because I was
sweating so much we have this like
Rooter thing here which is gets the
internet into into this place but I
think it's a little bit of a bad one so
I bought with me because it was small a
Google Wi-Fi dongle thing and around
them yesterday and upgraded the internet
so hopefully yeah look we get absolutely
insane internet here for doing like
YouTube and stuff but I don't want to
leave our Google Wi-Fi here I want to
take that home with me so I'm gonna need
to buy a new route of today as well as I
think well when you turn the TV on the
TV is is just totally broken so I need
to buy a new TV - we also have no food
in for the week we have absolutely
nothing so we need to go to the shop rep
in that old school Mars bar merch new
merch coming out very shortly already
let's go
whoa look at these these are amazing cuz
I big I mean what is that looks like a
beast that's like a light on the front
Wow oh my god there's more look at these
look at that one that's amazing
Oh telly telly telly telly the tallies
our facilities are everywhere
sorry guys so out with the old TV in
with the new one we are all sorted in
the little Spanish apartment I ve got a
quick tour so before all we had with
this TV and then like a really
old-school DVD player was that old hid
via a scart cable so we got a new TV new
chromecast new cables new DVD player
it's all hooked him down here and cast
in the back just checking it works on
streaming some stream on Twitch you
couldn't nails like seventeen thousand
views playing a pro no battlegrounds
which is awesome that sort of working me
do you play if it's absolutely lovely
and they click the thing and then it
just convert straight over there looks
sweet okay well managed under there
there's no cables looking wicked but my
laptop bear hooks into the surround
sound system that wasn't hooked up for
some reason someone have taken out
behind my sofa soft hooked it back up
and now this all works fine and then
last but not least I have installed that
on here the Google Wi-Fi down here just
this little puck and it mana used to do
like my whole apartment it really easily
it's not on the biggest Department in
the world bedroom their bedroom their
bathroom kitchen and everything is it's
through here as you guys can see the
speeds are absolutely mega thing guys
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
out here on the balcony I really hate
you've enjoyed it I'm finally in Spain
finally getting some Sun because England
isn't the best for some right now miss
England I'm really overexposed so guys I
really hope you enjoyed this vlog of me
pimping out my little pad in Spain hope
you guys enjoyed if you did a lot rating
will be wicked let me know what you
thought in the comments section down
below what did you got yesterday's vlog
can go ahead and click here to do that
if you're not subscribed click here to
do that and I'll see you guys in well
here's the thing I want you guys to let
me know if there's anything cool you
want me to do here in Spain and I will
make some videos on it so I'll leave
that to you guys but anyway guys my
name's Ben I likes you guys been awesome
guys I'll see you in another video
yes
