good morning guys how are you doing my
name is of course Alex guys and welcome
back to another day leave all the time
currently 9:53 am one of my biggest
clients guys who buys internet off me is
actually a luxury with tree you can go
and stay there the house can sit or
sleep rather 25 people's and absolutely
gorgeous property guys I went there in
this video
and when I stayed there guys the
internet was shocking so I hit them up
on us a lot I can offer you wireless
internet to cut a long story short
they've been my biggest customer for the
past like six months so I'm just gonna
go back round today and make sure
everything is a-okay
if you guys have seen my videos before
you must remember this I've stayed here
and it was awesome I drop a link to that
video in the description so guys I don't
know I've come in here because the one
place they didn't want Wi-Fi was in the
pool room but this is the pool room so
guys I have installed a whole manner of
about 6 access points throughout this
entire property look how big this is
lots of people stay in here one of them
is just up there and there's another one
just above that door and then there's
one just there so in a nutshell this
would have seemed really pointless but I
need to make sure that everything is
still working eh okay because guests
stay here and guests rely on internet as
a thought everything's fine
we thought I ever guys I need to have a
little word with you all about something
so guys as you can see by the title of
today's video we're evolving it around
reviews especially Apple products and I
want to do a little mini review of this
really cheap power adapter USB see this
is probably going to burn down my house
so this is my laptop I use this to edit
the majority of these daily blogs but
it's at home it lives on at my desk and
when it's not at home it lives in my
Manfrotto bag this is the charger that
came with the laptop this thing is super
super super expensive like 80 pounds or
like a hundred dollars just for this to
charge up my laptop it has a really thin
removable USB C cable which I don't know
if you can see but actually gets really
dirty in manky has a shiny brick as to
which you can put a plug or an extension
cable onto which well just acquires
loads of scratches and also just gets
really dirty this on the other hand was
22 pounds honking on the fact that it
doesn't burn down my house it comes with
a matte finish it's not gonna get dirty
it comes with a really thick USBC cable
much thicker than the one the Apple
charger comes with then downside to this
one is you can't replace the plug on it
or add an extension like you could with
this but will it charge that's the
questions
yeah it appears to be working how fast
it Charlie's my laptop I have no clue
I'll have to test that over the coming
days but for now 80 versus 20 pounds I
think I know which one I pick all day
long but guys I'd really appreciate it
if you could really quickly tweet me or
put it down in the comments if you think
that is gonna blow up my laptop and if
it will I won't use it so guys let's get
to the meat and potatoes of today's
video I've done so many videos on Apple
products and absolutely bashed them in
every single one and rightly so fond of
people saying Alex are you just doing
this for views guys come on you know I'm
not like that the majority of my videos
are over 10 minutes have you ever seen a
mid-roll no come on guys now the home
father is terrible I'm gonna put that
out there but let me tell you why this
is my little uncomprehensible review of
the home
so guys as you can see I have two home
pods right here one there and one there
so if anybody was going to give you a
review it's me
so do basic commands work hey Siri turn
off the floor lights okay to do harder
commands work hey Siri when was the home
pod release a visit to apple.com should
be able to help you with that
no sorry when it was the Apple home pod
released was released on the 9th of
February 2018 in the US okay Siri can do
very basic things and if very basic
things is all you want fair enough the
home pod can also interact with your
iCloud so if you have an iPhone it can
read your text messages hey Siri do I
have any text you have a new message
from Jack would you like to reply yes
what do you want to say thanks mate okay
I'll send it so if you are in Apple's
ecosystem the fact that it can integrate
with your phone is really good but
speaking of the phone so with your phone
and the pod are in the same room and you
say the wake words hey Siri hmm they
both go off now the iPhone has a couple
of microphones but it only uses one of
them the bottom one for Siri the home
pod has about six microphones obviously
the home pod is better right as you can
see the iPhone has voice recognition if
I say hey Siri in a robot voice it
doesn't come on but if I say in my voice
hey Siri she comes alive the home pod
should do that right no you can say it
in a robot voice hey Siri uh-huh so with
it six microphones it can't distinguish
who's talking that's mental at the
moment I'm really struggling to
recommend this thing for its 300 pound
price tag but Alex it's all about the
sound quality with the home part does it
sound good play some music
okay yeah it sounds okay a comparison
sake here's the same song on a 2000
pound pair of speakers it's a total
different story but now you're saying
Alex the home pot is 300 and they're two
thousand well but for the price of this
you can buy a rocket five and attach an
Alexa to it and this this will sound a
whole lot better than this
I just can't recommend it just can't
recommend it mental but on top of that
this thing doesn't even have bluetooth
or a line in so you can't even attach
your own audio devices to this like you
and I bought two of these so I could
have them in a stereo pair and they just
don't work in stereo pair at all I've
even upgraded to the iOS beta and it
still doesn't work this is an unfinished
product Siri is seven years old it
should be better the sound quality is
more of a hundred and fifty pound
speaker instead of a 300-pound speaker
Amazon and Google's assistant can do
loads more than the home pod and for
those three reasons alone I will be
returning my home pods so guys that was
my little review of the home pod I've
tried to keep this as sweet and simple
as possible obviously Apple can roll out
updates of this thing over the air so if
Siri gets better over the years and
maybe this thing would be a liable
option but if you're looking for a smart
speaker and you want really good sound
quality and you do have three hundred
pounds to spare get an echo dot and get
an actual speaker like a rocket five
which will sound far better and just
connect them together simple
okay guys Thursday afternoon made it
into the office
judging by the sort of ripped open box
as you can see think what was in here
would be a load of rubbish but it's not
this is something a company has sent me
is to which I have to send them back
after I've shown you guys it but it's
something that's special I don't even
think I'm gonna show you it in this
video or in what maybe I'll do it
tomorrow you guys let me know by
dropping a like rating and putting a
comment down below telling me Alex unbox
the goddamn box I might just do it
tomorrow because what's in there I
guarantee you will blow my mind and I've
seen a lot of cool stuff and if it blows
my mind definitely blow your guys minds
well guys Thursday afternoon lovely day
today
I need to get a little bit of work done
Smith is back from the office I bought
home this little mini gaming PC you what
we thinking Alex why have you done that
so I remember some amazing times
especially on Sundays these days
happened where my friend Toby would come
round and we literally sit there and
we'd stream playing zombies this was
when I was like a lot smaller on this
entire platform on YouTube and on Twitch
and on everything we used to stream
every single weekend and unfortunately
this vlog got more serious Toby got a
job and all that sort of stuff but
sometimes when Toby and I well when our
schedules meets he comes round what we
do is we sit and play games but there's
two of us so we need my computer and
then the gr8 mini PC for Toby and there
we go guys just like that
Toby's round we've been listening to the
brand new speakers Toby absolutely loves
them and as always to kick off the night
we ordered pizza
