in this video as you can tell I'm going
to be dropping a diss track on the
YouTube film as well Oh God's sake
did I have it when he gets that certain
time of the morning and you just like
I'm not gonna go to sleep because it's
too early I may as well just wait it up
no you know you don't have that is that
owning me there's me I haven't slept yet
guys 6:30 a.m. outside right now really
motivated hope they don't crash and burn
later Saturday let's get so two games to
Elliott two games to me smarty pants we
got this final game decider
so I'm going away for five days I'm
gonna hold it for five days so I'm not
gonna stay at it for a while
Elliot's going away - dude
awesome he said you have to perform a a
fan of drops on the top he said like
three weeks ago does that get added like
a stupid amount of miles on to their
trip like everyone's your minds on the
off chance they might see you at this
so guys also squash session now finished
up with Elia it's midday and thought the
course that won't computer back into the
live streaming room because this is its
hope this is where it lives it needs to
power the TV on the way from home to
here to bring the coarser warm back I
was listening to a song in the car that
came on the radio called live it up and
the main message of that song was to
make sure people were doing what they
loved to live life to the full make sure
all the time if you can that you're
doing something that you love and I
understand that that is a very very hard
thing to do which is why I wanted to say
a quick thank you to you guys so I made
a split decision it was either go to uni
and study computer science or take a
year off and do vlogs and I was so close
to go into uni I went to look round
loads of unis I was so close to doing it
but I thought no and I just thought to
myself I'm waking up every morning and
doing something that I absolutely love
so just want to say a massive thank you
to you guys for like you know helping me
achieve my dreams and goals and
ambitions and everything that we do as I
say this song that came on in the car is
about living the dream living your dream
living every moment as if it's your last
and it just thought to myself mark you
know this will YouTube thing it's
amazing so guys I urge all of you to go
for your dreams because that's what I
did and it's worked it's worth I never
got to thinking I wanted to thank all of
you guys to the support and I thought
how the hell do I do that I do a hell of
a lot of Giveaways on the channel and I
totally totally understand that and I
know like an item it just it's just an
object that I'm giving away like it's
cool but it's not cool enough so as you
guys know when we do the proper live
streams in this room and they are live
from the ultimate live streaming room
over on Twitch or wherever I stream from
I told you guys I told you that was
gonna be having certain YouTube guests
on the streams like sat here playing
games with me certain YouTube guests so
I thought what I get funds to actually
come down to the livestream room they
can spend the day with me we can live
stream we can get twitch Pizza
everything I just thought it'd be a cool
way to give back but guys go for your
dreams go for them go for them go for
them because I can't say I didn't and
just follow your head follow your head
and if you're determined enough I
promise you things will work out
one thing I genuinely love is meeting
you guys it honestly brings a massive
smile to my face at the most parties
like when I don't expect it well I kind
of not expect it when I'm walking from
the car park to my office because was
every single day but when I'm out like
by my local River just flying the drone
and you guys are coming up to me asking
for photos and saying that you enjoyed
the cut that that is what means the most
right I've got a fun packed evening
ahead of me more on the word pack all of
this is the canvas I'm gonna paint it
with things I'm taking on holiday
starting with laptop passport phone
camera GoPro GoPro accessories money
loud speak nope no we don't need the
loudspeaker what the headphones more
headphones another GoPro more headphones
Wi-Fi us USB USB USB USB more USB USB
see all of this is USB seen all of these
at USB see dongles power bank and lots o
clothes I'm going away now for a week
I'm leaving I'm going away this is what
I need to go away with it's all about
that hashtag vlog life this is what you
guys put me through and I love it
suitcase packed I'm going to like my
place in Spain not like a random hotel
or anything more like a random villa
it's like my own genuine place in Spain
like I've been there before you guys
will know that oh geez of you who've
been around for ages you guys would
recognize it the main bag all Pat's
right there we've got the hand luggage
over here we've got the spare vlogging
rib we've got the GoPros we've got the
headphones I've got the USBC adapters
we've got the passport and wallet but
going away it's gonna be an awesome time
it's gonna be really fun all packed up
now flight is very very very early in
the morning so I need to get some kit
but first so I packed up my favourite
bag my mum for to bag that is my hand
luggage link to that bag in the
description but that is also the bag
that I take everywhere I go and I took
that bag to insomnia and in that bag was
actually a load of fan art and letters
that you guys gave me at my meet and
greet at insomnia I've chosen through
the letters and I thought I just opened
them
at the end of this vlog let's go okay
that's really cool yo this guy's put an
effort man this is sick hey ladies I
just want to say to you that you're an
inspiration to me and thousands thank
you for uploading daily I know it's not
easy but I hope you will keep on growing
and producing the best daily content
I've ever seen I've been there since you
started daily vlogging and I always look
forward to your videos every day at 6
p.m. grunted I've been a bit late
recently apologize for that things a bit
like really busy Oh
Rohan dude stay awesome keep smiling
thank you for the letter you legend
that's fairly clear what I've got to do
hair Lakes my name is George I watch you
every day and you are my inspiration I
make youtube videos and I have over 1000
subscribers well done dude that's
amazing dear Alex I've been a fan of
yours for a year now and you are Mike
why don't you guys keep calling me an
inspiration you've inspired me to change
my set over your vlogs inspire me and
I'm there every evening 6 p.m. to change
my life it's just not worth that though
like
no return address okay I'm gonna donate
this to cancer research as always I've
had people send me money in the past and
I've always donated it to a charity of
some sort you guys need to stop sending
cash in the peer box or no even in the
peer box you stop sending cash because
it's ridiculous why I appreciate that
but I don't deserve it
somebody else does hence what I'm gonna
donate it please don't do it
please Hannah I really really really
appreciate you wanting to give back to
me somehow with something but this it's
just not the way I appreciate it and I'm
really not being ungrateful but please
don't send money anyone okay that
donated to cancer research
thank you anyway guys whoa check out
yesterday's vlog I made in a setup
in a like an abandoned building is
really cool video you can watch that
there if you want to subscribe to the
channel you can click here if you new
and I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog or
you'll find out what it's like to travel
in an aeroplane in a ridiculous time in
the morning I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's vlog say adios adios
