okay so we are sat in Nando's right now
the time is currently 23 18 and for
those of you that don't understand 48
hour time values well pretty much 20
minutes past 11:00 you've ever liked
Alex the blog it is under a minute long
all day what have you done I've been
working I've been working the whole day
all of today has been non-stop I've been
on roofs managed to record this
time-lapse whilst I was well whilst I
was on the roof I'm not anything to eat
all day other than a packet of crisps
and a ham sandwich so 20 plus 11 40
minutes to midnight just finished in
undos feeling full and need to record
some vlog footage as you probably
thinking Alex how are you gonna do that
just you wait
right so at this mill at Nando's I'll
start there thinking to myself Alex what
the hell can I do for a vlog today what
can I do this outside the box what can I
do in a short amount of time and what
can I do that's gonna be better than
anything else what's gonna have purpose
what's gonna have story and well Luke
and I wear this awesome idea of merging
two awesome YouTube ideas together
something to do with gaming setups and
something to do with well abandoned
buildings now this is where all of this
started so we were sat in Nando's and
Luke goes hey no it doesn't say hey he
goes Alex this is new abandoned building
which is apparently haunted it's on to
dessert according to Google it's haunted
just apparently really easy to get into
so Luke and I we're gonna go explore the
building as usual then we thought hold
up
this is Mars bar vlogs we're not just
gonna go exploring and abandon building
because that's what everybody else does
why don't we why don't we make a freakin
gaming setup and gaming setup inside an
abandoned building obviously as well
we'll explore it too now obviously power
internet everything is gonna be a
problem
my mission will be achieved when I'm up
playing some games inside the abandoned
building with a strong enough internet
connection to do a livestream for five
minutes to twitch.tv that is today's
gold in an abandoned building this is
the building a gaming setup in an
abandoned building can we say building
one more time
ah sweet
my cigars one backpack is already in the
car all loaded full of gear I haven't
showed you guys everything that we're
taking to the abandoned building to make
the ultimate abandoned building setup
just yet I'm gonna show you a few more
things but there's gonna be a few more
things as well because I want I want to
surprise you guys when we get there so
let's here is all of the gear from the
house here we have the g7 5 - gaming
laptop this has got 32 gigs of RAM a
core i7 in an SSD 9 ATM for graphics
obviously one of the missions was to
actually stream on Twitch as well as
just do some gaming we got a Razer
mechanical keyboard here USB extension
lights for the set cameras Wi-Fi
obviously we're gaming we need some good
good internet speeds so all of this
sweet well that was easily all in the
bag as I've said we've got three three
main goal get in the building make the
setup and then successfully live stream
on Twitch let's do this
right sir guys are like of infinity and
I'll go there torch on in the Bunton
buildings places maps right what we need
is a desk chair and a desk
is this the ultimate gaming desk one
would may ask so we've been wandering
around this abandoned building for
absolutely ten minutes we thought oh no
this isn't gonna work because we
couldn't find a desk anywhere but then
we just found this long desk the video
studio so this is the perfect room for
what we're gonna do
let's build a gaming setup
look at this two monitors you're late
though your monitors in no setup is
complete without an LED strip right guys
let me just remind you right now that
we're in an abandoned building right
this is an abandoned building I'm gonna
turn off my phone line look down at this
this is the grand finale and talk I
haven't tested any of this out yet but
over here we've got a 4g wireless dongle
it was 50 gigs of 4G internet I've got a
mood line next to that we've got our
razor keyboard we've got SteelSeries
mouse we've got a gaming laptop here
with then Ganju wanted to displace rice
for dual monitors going on inside the
abandoned building we've got a massive
speaker from August this is connected
via bluetooth to the computer we've got
a LED strip so as you can see this setup
is looking wicked now I suppose the only
thing left to do is to see if we can
play some games plastic this debris
against a real game dares mega plays his
cards right a real case fingers crossed
we're not only going to make a gaming
setup with a dual monitor and LEDs in an
abundant building we're also gonna
attempt to play some games and
livestream it we didn't get his locker
World Records for this there were no bar
grounds which please launch please
launch please launch it's not launching
why it's not launching please long okay
pop G's running right now we've got the
stream let's click start streaming I'm
in an abandoned building I'm in an
abandoned building right that's why I
speakers there quietly I genuinely in an
abandoned building
swear on my life
notifications call screams dreaming of
4:00 in the morning but genuinely I
genuinely look up the camera you sure
you guys look I have got that the
monitor here I've got we because why
would you don't put your phone right on
got killed with a pistol that's is so
lucky to play right I'm happy I'm happy
I came here I played a game this worked
that is mental now I do not write and
I'm gonna stand here and I'm gonna say I
do not believe right at the moment in
like ghosts and stuff and like going to
this abandoned building playing Ouija
board Louis Luigi boards Ouija boards
all over there called Ouija boards I
don't believe in like that sort of thing
happening right but a few things
happened after we stopped streaming and
I want you guys to tell me what what is
what this is right just bear man we are
in an abandoned building in the middle
of nowhere there is no rain that is no
wind it's about four o'clock in the
morning right explain these mission
accomplished
or mission accomplished I can't believe
I've done this listen for those bands
very carefully put some headphones on
there's like four bangs as if someone is
running in the room above us or banging
on something there's four bangs right
after each other just listen
please any days on peds
there we go guys one two and three bags
later we're home and one thing that
really really really grinds my gears
more than anything when I see other
people doing what abandoned building or
exploring abandoned building they've
been an abandoned building doing this
and they're also oh I heard noises I'm
just like Arthur so cringe no you didn't
you just didn't hear anything
genuinely it could have very well been
the wind moving a window pretty much
every single window in the building was
open and could move so the wind could
have pushed it Luke said he heard what
sounded like a girl moaning from um from
my point of view it didn't sound like a
girl it sounded like it's just somebody
like murmuring or talking it was really
weird from that point we packed up all
the stuff we got out the building ASAP
was really scared so guys going to hit
you've enjoyed today's well a save vlog
for lots more wacky and crazy stuff guys
within our myers but alex you guys been
awesome I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
adios
you
