there's nothing like starting the early
morning off with a fresh blast on at the
booth depart I'm off somewhere special
today we're going somewhere
to the place as to where I meant to be
going this special place is well is in
London and it's under is under a bridge
a bridge is just down here I think this
is it
tentacle one stress wants you okay hey
can I sleep my visited boredom here
believe it or not this is very very very
very very private and very very very
very confidential Avonlea Xbox alarm for
a very very very small group of
individuals heck knows where I'm invited
it's very special for those exact
reasons though because there's not many
people invited and I'm one of them and
if it's me that means it's you guys too
we're all invited unfortunately this is
where the bad things happen or the bad
news crop so I can't really show you
much because it's all under NDA
non-disclosure I'm not allowed to tell
you guys pretty much anything
until about 18 days time but I will tell
you this I have played right I don't
even know if I'm gonna tell you anyway
I've played plenty unknown battlegrounds
on the Xbox one X right that was insane
also had like a private tour of like the
mix a live streaming theater so massive
thanks to the guys xbox will bring me
down here as well this venue yeah
this venue is really
sweet'n guys back from London haven't
been to the gym today so I need to
change it to my gym kit wait a minute
what well Jesus that was weird okay in
the gym kit gonna go to the gym but
first it's a nice lovely sunset it's
taking me so long to get back from
London today so I think it's time to
chill out for a second and fly the drone
London Xbox thank you for the invite
down this morning it was it was super
cool
Jim is a wrap so it is that night of the
week again toby is coming around to my
house so we can play some games some
chill-out time some cool time some pizza
time some YouTube guy time you guys you
guys get the gist of course that one
we've got some peripherals toby is like
a dear friend of mine and he hasn't been
to the office in would you say like six
seven months at least what do you think
of a live streaming room in three words
but if three bro
gosh should I turn that into a fish tank
how's the sick of my dear it would look
so cool super super easy so when like
friends like Toby come over we need like
a load of computer parts like mice
keyboards computers and stuff we can
just come in there everything's
organized then we can go back and play a
load of games speaking of the setup at
home there's been there's been a bit of
a problem that I need to kind of make
public quite a serious one it's kind of
a shame really yeah that's for a
giveaway so we've got the LAN setup
going in the back of this room me and
Toby are out there playing some games
we've got the Corsair one which tau is
playing on the mic list in gaming
computer over there now Ben get a lot of
questions recently especially since
insomnia is being gone you got a sin
bollocks I thought you said you were
getting your brand-new awesome custom
Mars bar PC and insomnia where is it
insomnia has been and gone good question
sorry I got to insomnia expecting to see
my brand-new PC there on stage as did
everybody else that was there all the
people that met me in the meeting people
Alex where's your new PC and I was like
ah there's time it's time for me to be
honest with you guys now it's not a
massive deal because obviously well it's
not it's not like a necessity it's not
something that we need we've got the
Corsair one Pro here and force about my
old gaming PC which is doing absolutely
fine so Alex how is it broken what
happened well the guy building it he's
also the modder that's modded the whole
case as I told you guys it's hard to
expect it's gonna be the best PC you've
ever seen like modded customized
everything is like custom itched
engraved the PC the night before it was
ready to be packed up
ship to insomnia the Builder who modded
it and did everything he plugged it in
at like 3:00 a.m. before insomnia before
he were gonna take it down and bang off
when all of his power the computer
didn't boot he went and turned all the
power back on to his house and turned
out that the motherboard
yeah the motherboard literally went back
they've ordered a new motherboard but
they told me that it's not going to be
an easy procedure because the way the
computer was cable managed and it has
been built very specifically and all
edged in gonna be a bit more of a
difficult process good English to get
this thing up and running so that is the
deal with the PC Liuba the board has
been ordered though and hopefully
sometime in the near future we'll be
collecting the PC and installing in here
for good I literally can't wait I think
guys much pizza
has been consumed much game has been
played I've also had a shower and
changed out of my gym top back in the
gwelf server computer room
I suppose always good things come to
those who wait so I literally I can't
wait it I'm not annoyed that things blow
up things happen you just have to accept
that anyway guys management Alex you
guys been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling you didn't check out yesterday's
 watch it here you wanna watch
well tomorrow's or subscribe to click
here and I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
adios guys
