look at this dude oh right so guys
before today's vlog starts I've been
having a little bit of a glare out a few
of these items I tried to give away
about a month ago some of the items when
and some of them didn't so this is some
of the stuff that's left over and some
new stuff you guys want to pick you
randomly to win one of these items then
all you got is your polite rating and
let me know down there in the comment
section what you would like on the video
and let me know down there pretty much
on the stakes we've got a g5 3-3
wireless headset from Logitech no this
is cool I've already got the DJI phone
gimbal but I've got this Tsar you and
smooth CR gimbal boy we've also got an
awesome marnix man bionics mice are
awesome I'm just not a fan of the the
fan of the color a libertine 2 Bluetooth
speaker I tried to give that away last
time no one wanted a poor Liberto and
they're worth about 100 pounds if that
is enticing and then I've got an ace
this monitor here is 1080p it's just
been collecting dust right if you want
to enter drop a like rating let me know
it won the conversation down below I'll
pick one of you randomly in two weeks
time on with the vlog goals that that is
ticking off goals good morning guys how
are we doing my name is of course I
liked and welcome back to another daily
vlog once every couple of months I like
to revisit my goals list on my goals
board I highly recommend you do this if
you haven't already but go out and spend
the 10 7 whatever it is pounds on record
just a small white board but you can
write down your to-do lists and write
down your goals and visualize
visualizing a task helps the brain
complete the task so every day when I
wake up I write a to-do list for that
day as you can see that's a running
theme
film episode 2 of the ultimate live
streaming room by the way episode 1 is
three days old and it's just hit over
110 thousand views so thank you very
much if you haven't watched it go to the
main channel yet mister now I want to
get three more internet clients film to
promo videos do Jake Mitchell set up for
him film your setups yes your guys set
up we'll talk about that a little bit
later and how you guys can enter this
for me to come round and pimp your setup
nuke up question mark question mark and
move move out whoa your goals and
ambitions need to be your dreams and you
need to try you need to at least try you
don't have to but try and achieve them
dreams
hmm so I've been thinking to myself
recently I don't think any of you guys
are gonna guess what the UV light is for
I don't think any of you guys are going
to guess and you're going to win that
100 pounds of that I'm giving away you
guys are very smart but you're not smart
enough to guess what that UV light is
for yet so in the meantime while you
guys are still guessing what it's for
and as soon as I see the first person
that does they'll get a massive shout
out thought I'd do something else kind
of for my own sake actually because I
need I need a bit of a Claire
you guys have seen this at the start of
the video visa sodas I'm gonna put at
the start the video but I'm giving this
stuff away
because as you guys know put this shelf
up and we've already ran out out of
space she's been a fairly busy one in
the office this morning it's getting
kind of dark and gray and cloudy outside
so I'm gonna go to the gym
hold on of it I haven't seen the new
people yet you guys know that this was
my other office it's very early in the
morning right now so if anybody has
moved in then they're not gonna be here
so I'm sure we can take a peek but I
haven't seen anybody my softbox is still
here so the bushes moving out was for
nothing was it yeah
ahh-choo of love day if you know around
here once a week on the channel we do
what's called a chill vlog and recently
the logs have been fairly mental open
opening a load of packages a haul a lot
of things arrives we sit here and unbox
packages all we're talking about doing
things in the live streaming room or new
projects that being said you guys like
Alex I'm new around here what the heck
is a chill vlog we'll chill vlog is
where we don't get up to loads of stuff
but we like do like maybe a Q&A or just
have a chat about something or to do
something like that to hear me out I
thought to myself while I was in the gym
instead of tweaking you guys asking for
Q&A questions I would do something do
something else since dead I've been home
and I've got this file off my computer
and I've put that file on this laptop oh
no ok so there's a video on this laptop
which nobody has ever seen except from
me and the people that were there but
the people that were there saw it happen
in real life they didn't realize that I
also caught it on video too
I have kept this video file locked away
nobody has ever seen the video file
except for me because it is just so
embarrassing
and I thought I thought I could show you
guys it so let's do this so here is my
laptop file I want to show you guys is
called my fail classified ok the file is
307 point 2 megabytes
it's a 720p video that's was last
modified on April the sick April 6 2009
nobody has ever seen this video no one
but me and I'm gonna cut a comedy I'm
saying this I'm gonna watch it with you
guys this is me back when I was younger
and I used to try and make youtube
videos with a GoPro oh my god
Oh No ah look at my face she's not a
good start already is it shit what am i
doing I'll give them the good old lens
of white so as you can see it's kind of
like winter it was winter there was
loads of snow on the ground pretty much
this contraption that I'm selling a
gator and as you'll see in a minute on
the back of the Gator we have a chain
coming off to a car bonnet which we
ripped off a car and turned upside down
to act as a sled now my job is just to
sit in the back of the Gator we were
taking it in turns to ride the sled and
drive the Gator and sit in the back ok
let's watch ah Dave money I'm putting my
gloves on put my little gloves
on the our Kok starts moving look at
that so it was at this point that I'm
like oh god I'm not sat down properly
and we've already started moving I can't
me no about to play this I don't even
know
right so here's the thing with this I
actually fell out of it and landed flat
on my back and it absolutely killed and
I was there in agony and then like half
a second later I had to jump out the way
of the of the car bonnet and then listen
I literally if you'd listening to it
carefully you can literally hear me
scream oh so embarrassing I can't
believe this dude so excited oh you just
see the legs go it's maritime you
couldn't have been a more girly scream
and then literally you can time-lapse
there I'm just like lying on the floor
oh no absolutely brilliant
well there you go I don't know if that
is just hilarious because they know that
it's me
but I think that is the legs they go
horse a little bit cooler than just
doing a normal box than the Q&A I
thought I'd show you guys that video I
can't believe our semperit right for me
to talk to you guys about the next point
of the video and need to explain it with
a quick monitor
the setups that I've made just check
them out I need to think of a way for
how to pick out you guys for the pimping
subscribers set up series number one I
don't want to see him unfair as to me
just making youtubers set up tents what
I'm doing making subscriber setups - but
then second that so if I pick somebody
like one of you subscribers let's the
subscriber a is here and I pick
subscriber a what makes me pick
subscriber a why not pick subscriber B
or C or however many thousands of you
are out there that want your setups do
so I need your guy's help in creating a
way that I can pick you guys fairly
which that takes us right back to the
start of this video right back to our
goals board pimp Serbs setups it's one
of my goals right guys I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog here I'm
speaking quietly memories house I don't
want to wake everybody up it's get quite
late now Marie's upstairs in her room
anyway guys Barney's but no likes you
guys have been awesome guys stay awesome
keep smiling you do more yesterday's
voting click here to watch that you can
click here to subscribe if you're not
already I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
you ready guys
