ask can you help me fit my xbox pretty
candle are you doing
why'd you love that what work hard
anywhere because it's nice to work hard
isn't it you don't think it's good to
work hard yeah exactly that's why the
book 360 doesn't there you go dude
alright guys this is math this is far
too mad for me to even comprehend right
so about a week ago on the vlog I
unboxed a UV light right just like a
small little thing that other sort of
throwing the vlog and I said to you guys
oh if you can guess what the UV light is
for I'll give whoever gets the exact
guess for what the UV light is for 100
pounds in what about troops um saw
Amazon Google Play whatever they won and
it said that as like it's a little thing
for you guys just something cool to do
and oh my god like oh oh my god you guys
have gone mental I'm on my timeline on
Twitter the YouTube comments it's just
all about it must nap chatter okay this
is gonna be a serious thing now because
you guys have made this into a serious
thing the first person to get it wins is
literally gone mental good luck guys
let's get on bro you play Minecraft on
the Xbox dude that's sweet
so much stupider life today like what
okay there's a lot of things on my desk
right now I don't really know what to
say about all of this well I'm happy for
one reason and one reason wait a minute
I'm happy for one reason and one reason
only because I get to use
I get to use my awesome unboxing knife
so much stuff
whoa Wayman is there a note for this as
well no oh no no no I think uh no this
is this is an i7 7700 k LGA 1151 chip
here this is for a giveaway giveaway
that's coming sometime in the near
future along along with something fairly
large most of why is this open how cool
is that
I smell so good while you're streaming
in progress I say this is an awesome
little letter as well this is from the
children's bereavement center just
around the corner this is the charity
that our supporting when it did the
charity bike ride that one morning and
the fans came and look around the office
with everybody involved from everywhere
and all of you guys coming down see the
office who managed to raise 514 pounds
for a very very very minimal effort
that's my first piece of charity work
I've ever done on this YouTube channel I
expect to have a lot more of that soon
so you okay that is awesome this this
this is awesome whoa guys what in the
world everybody's got this three gold
custom Mars bar what I have no idea
everybody's goldfish you sent me
this has been Matt but that that is sick
look I'm gonna stop all of the unboxing
for now I get this question so much Alex
what is the best thing about doing
YouTube videos what is the best thing
about being a youtuber what is the best
thing about the vlog line bottom of my
heart what I've witnessed today in
today's vlog is just the most simple
thing about what makes this so awesome
simple is raising money for charity and
unboxing cool things that you guys my
audience have made for me making
somebody happy that happy that they have
to write me a physical letter to say
thank you to impacting someone's life
that much that they've gone out of their
way to make them a sign hopefully
impacting their life in a positive way
that that is what really means the most
to me out of everything
let's doing this whole charity thing is
something I definitely want to get into
doing a lot more on YouTube but like
anything new you have to learn how to do
it I was reading a book of the day and
it said if you're not learning you're
gonna get left behind because that's the
way that is the way well according to
this book the world is moving
then guys I bought the stream deck home
with me this evening because I want to
try out I might try and stream a little
bit later it's getting fairly late on
right now Bofur I'm always testing
something out new on a stream I like to
do it at night so I won't get many
people watching so like only the OGIS of
you guys will tune in so in case
anything goes wrong I don't like a mug
before I go ahead and sort the stream
deck out guys I need to do some exercise
there we go I can't find my gym shorts
I've got some swimming trunks on orking
idiot but it's not a dark not no one no
one's gonna see me right
there we go boys and girls bang on two
miles her seven-minute average pace my
last mile was under six minutes good
thing to know the air pods or air pods
didn't fall out my ears once good review
guys check out this awesome streaming
site now so I've got this little lie up
here which is lighting up my face on the
webcam from the music on we already
we're live people are following people
are in the chat right now if I click
that pop G logo it puts on the game
plate with the face cam border and then
they're set up like a spotify star and
stop and a next track supposed to click
one of those it will start and stop or
give me the next track yeah guys could
you let me know if you can hear me okay
that would be much appreciated
I think guys I've just gone ahead and
wrapped up the stream it is about 1:30
a.m. in the morning at about 250 people
in in the street guys let me know down
below if you want to be entered into the
100 pound giveaway as to what the UV
light is for you have to get it exact
there's been people that have been like
pretty bang on but it needs to be exact
so the comments section is the place to
enter that guys and also drop a like
rating if you still hate guys but for
now money's been Alex you guys been
awesome I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog
if you wanna check out yesterday's you
can click here if you want to subscribe
you can click here I'll see in
tomorrow's vlog guys a yes
