thank you a bro happy birthday thank you
what I've been doing this morning have
you got any cool presents or have you
still got some to open
wait so you have got a cool present got
some tape in his rubber I'm gonna go
from meal with some friends right and
then as soon as I come back I like to
show us guys what you've got for your
birthday right
how about there I'll see a little bit
later
I did manage to make a video yesterday I
did manage to vlog yesterday and here's
why cuz insomnia absolutely killed me I
did the whole of insomnia met thousands
of you guys streamed on Twitch it was a
big thing it took a lot of energy and I
didn't have a lot of energy I've run
that whole day on about 20 minutes sleep
so I woke up Sunday and I was like I
can't do a video today I feel up I feel
absolutely knackered jelly Russo hasn't
got my phone never stops so been out for
some lunch today like a little bit of a
double date thing and this Jacob's
birthday today so and it's been a little
bit of time with him as well but I've
also got some awesome news awesome news
that Corsair told me at insomnia
honestly it's absolutely wicked but
first i've included to pay this office
all day it's about 25 degrees today out
there so i'm going to try to spend the
rest of my day outside
where are you you're neither are you
best bro you're the best bro bro rather
dude you said to everybody that you show
everyone what you got for your birthday
I said you want to pick out like a few
of your favorite presents rather do come
on then let's get to it whereas you pay
for presents then what's going down
what's your favorite present you mean
they're outside dude that is awesome
see these dots they don't look very
sharp so you need to hit them at the bar
the board very hard you have to throw
them very hard is it difficult on them
bullseye first shot go three two one
this of the present you got like oh
dude this is awesome
I mean Brady said this what is this like
I literally woke up at a shower this
morning I saw this in the garden this is
your like first favorite present what is
this it's called a flake urban bro
hey you can roll it up there one touch
and get it in the back of the neck go on
oh he's gonna do it he's gonna do it one
touch and there's gonna be the back of
the neck gone this is where we need to
make you a football channel cuz it's so
cool you're so good at stuff so it's
safe to say them brave had a great
birthday yeah
got some good toys awesome island bro I
need to go I'll see in a bit yeah oh no
guys I've just been to the post office
to give some stuff away or to send some
giveaway items off to you guys I always
say this to keep it a little bit of a
mystery ident taught you guys what it is
I'm actually sending off but you guys
know that I always run little secret
giveaways for little items on all of my
social medias on my Instagram snapchat
all about jaw drop some little items are
for the winners of those that giveaway I
also give away at least 20 pounds of
iTunes steam or Google Play vouchers on
my snapchat each week so make sure you
have my snapchat if you want to have a
chance to win anyway little plug over
I've got a giveaway for you guys on the
channel for everybody all at once is mad
so you guys know I have a fairly good
relationship with the guys at core say
if that isn't already fairly evident
they sent me out the Corsair one pro
early for us guys to take a look at and
made a massive hype thing over it
there's simply things like the Corsair
won all of my peripherals at home are by
Corsair
it's safe to say that Corsair lovers on
the channel which is brilliant and that
is why I've got some great news piece of
awesome news number one whilst that was
out there up insomnia at Corsair booth
streaming they said to me cause I was
like yo Alex if you want if you say
anything that you want you want to give
away to your audience or it was anything
that your audience want like that we
offer then let us know and we'll we'll
do a giveaway that's just a simple
question for you guys is there anything
you guys are after do want a mouse
keyboard what do you guys want let me
know as a comment down there in the
comment section down below what do you
guys like what would you guys like and
if you see anything that's already there
that you would like Wacka like on the
comments and it gets the top comments
and i can see it a little bit easier and
also drop a like on the video be really
supportive and I'm sure Corsair will
come through and say look we can give
this away if your guys want it so that
is the first awesome thing let me know
down there secondly
you guys know this is the corset one
computer that specifically the course I
want pro and whilst there was that
insomnia I saw one of these right but it
was covered in Union Jack's like it
looked like it was a wrap on the actual
course that one itself but it was
actually painted onto the Corsair one so
I asked the guys of course I was like
yeah what is the deal with that custom
Corsair one what the hell but it was
honestly really cool so I asked the guys
of course I was like what the deal with
that custom Corsair one like can we get
one of those how do you get one of any
like a thing that the public can get a
no they're not a thing that the public
can get but I was speaking to the guys
at Corsair and they were like look we
will see what we can do to see if we can
put together of custom Corsair 1
computer to give away to one of you guys
like a genuine custom Mars bar Edition
call ser 1 computer right to give away
to one of you guys how mad right how mad
would that be for a start but a custom
one a full-on custom one for you guys
that would be amazing
right I need to go to work but let me
know if you would like that oh wow that
is wicked
so my good friend Lucas been helping
with a lot of my actual work creasing
they're like putting dishes on top of
people's houses and stuff I've literally
just been to a client's house this
evening we've just driven back obviously
has been this evening and it started to
get dark early now so I was gonna go and
buy myself a little head torch but I
remembered that a company called slick
revolution who sent me an awesome
electric skateboard a few weeks maybe a
month or so ago now it's like a mini
electric skateboard they sent me this
awesome block light with it and pretty
much it's for a GoPro it has a GoPro
mount on the top of it and it can also
be attached to a GoPro mount as well so
it's like a GoPro mount for a go
attached to a light with a goat goat
would you get one mean so I kind of just
attached this little GoPro light with a
GoPro mount on top of it - well a gopro
headstrap and now well I can put it on
the head and it's kind of like a
glorified really powerful head but also
check this out I've got a lot of stuff
to tell you guys but much rather show
you this is a shirt that a fan gave me a
meter the other day like what I don't
even know if I'd lose any respect to
myself if I was to wear however I did
promise said fun that I would wear it in
one of the videos so anyway guys I'm
gonna be good today's vlog short here I
really do hope all of you guys are
alright if you know are you feeling a
little bit down be sure to message me on
Twitter or apply and have a chat with
you if you everyone have a chat and I'm
at Twitter at Mars bar gaming guys but
for now my husband Alex you guys been
awesome guys you can watch yesterday's
vlog here you can click here to
subscribe if you're not already and I'll
see you in tomorrow's vlog adios
