I know I know for a fact that there's
gonna be a lot of nervous people today
because I've done this before
I've met you guys before and everybody
is always nervous to meet me whenever I
go to events whenever people meet me in
the public it's nerves but guys don't be
mistaken I'm the nervous one it's
absolutely lovely meeting you guys every
single person is beautiful in their own
way and I love to see you guys please
don't be nervous when you come up to me
today
it is insomnia 61 I'm nervous
let's do this I said it before and I'll
say it again like moves pretty fast it's
not about personality matrixels and
charts it's all about the b-bumps in
your heart
so the day it now starts my friend
Elliott here has a ride he's going to be
taking over and filming the vlog for me
today because I'm going to be so so busy
he's also my chauffeur down to the event
today thank you for driving Elliott I
appreciate it bye but it's in a bit bro
I slept all the way here I got no sleep
at all last night work work has been
really stressful recently so today on
zero hours sleep all right guys I'm
waiting for my securities to come with
these guys they're family before right
so I am in the middle of insomnia right
now in a box in Corsairs box and they've
asked me to put this it's best to be
small family it's got my name on the
back of it that's sweet look at that
okay there's millions of you guys
surrounding this box right now but
unfortunately apparently I'm not allowed
my like a strict no photo policy until
my actual meet-and-greet and that sucks
but I'm doing a mean greet later just
surrounded by Corsair gear look it's
everywhere what do you think bro what's
going on yeah it's calling that okay
sorry claustrophobic
okay super thank you very much nothing
you do bank right so I am just well I'm
just finished streaming
I've been sat in like the VIP lounge is
getting a coffee and well a large coffee
because at 20 minutes late so I'm back
in the event
I've just finished well about four four
or five hours of streaming and now yo
guys how you doing hi this a going broke
so I've got people following me I'm
trying to make it now to my meet and
greet I've had about five minutes break
from live free week all morning
absolutely absolutely bad
so this guy here has organized my meet
and greet which is apparently wait a
minute all right that is where it's all
happening but I know I'm all the stuff
are now bringing me around here oh my
God look at these this is man take
so I'm literally about to start my
meeting right now I've got like things
to sign
I've got like t-shirts to give away
there's like a load of people this is
like an unorganized thing and so many
people turned off the guys here thank
you so much this is about to start
this is
they've literally put some bottles up
just for my meeting them syndicates is
right there mine is right here and it's
just overflowing hello how are you doing
yeah am i signing an Apple watch Oh
I can't
is that people following me if I tell
let me know in the comments or something
so those wraps up my day at insomnia
meeting you guys I always have to come
in and check out the BYOC bring your own
computer part of insomnia it genuinely
just blows my mind seeing all of these
people in here just sat here gaming
absolutely blows my mind just look at it
just absolutely crazy thank you very
much today and helping me do all the
camera work while I was live streaming
and seeing all my fans it was really
cool and I really enjoyed it did you yes
I did thank you and I hope that everyone
else enjoyed the footage bang yes thanks
no see bro I know it feels old arriving
back to this room today has been another
one of those days that has just blown me
away the amount of content grace I've
spoken to today everybody is just lovely
why sue a meet and greet insomnia
actually cancelled it because it was
gonna get to bigger than I convinced
them to actually let me meet you guys
which they let me then do I met a load
of you guys sorry to the people for I
the end of the queue that weren't
allowed to join the queue they actually
cut my queue off short because I was
just far too long those people up so
there's people at the end of the queue
that just didn't even get to meet me so
for those guys that were there I'm sorry
it wasn't my fault I couldn't do
anything about that I'm really really
really sorry I was giving out free sign
post a few guys were taking selfies you
guys were telling me how much I inspire
you and I don't even know how I do this
one thing I can think you know when
people say that I inspired them is that
I do work extremely hard like on the you
everything I do I work extremely hard
like if I'm gonna do something I don't
put like 10 or 90 percent effort and
everything I do I give it my 100% effort
I think that's really key in anything
that you do in life if something's worth
doing it's worth doing right and that
was one thing that kind of annoyed me a
little bit today the fact that I wanted
to meet you guys but I couldn't meet all
of you because well then somebody had
cut off the meet-and-greet we're gonna
meet you guys let's do it right so next
insomnia I'm gonna tell them I'm like
look my guys were so strong we're gonna
need more time and we're gonna need more
barriers but I've got one weird question
today one weird question quite often and
I'm gonna need somebody else to help me
answer it this is the question I get
asked the most but to tell you guys and
explain what you guys asked me out the
offend I'm gonna have to well I'm gonna
have to click my fingers right there Oh
everybody at the meet and greet today so
I met a lot of people today I want to
a lot of people do one other question
that everybody asked me today yeah
the question that everybody asked me was
is Jacob going to make a YouTube channel
that's what everybody asked me everyone
was like is your brother Jacob is he
ever gonna make a channel right what are
you gonna say about that so you've
returned to me like recently you wanted
to make a YouTube channel about you
playing football and doing like cool
awesome like tricks and different things
like out in the garden and that is what
Jacob wants to do so I've said to Jacob
if he wants to do it I will help him do
it and we'll go make some awesome videos
and he can show off his football school
you're pretty good at football on you
you think you'd be a lot of fun would
you yeah well why not then should we do
it let's do it
you
