guys its 7:26 a.m. I've got an awesome
vlog today we're gonna need GoPros I
apologize I'm very tired I'm gonna need
GoPros this camera me and you guys this
computers whirring because it's
rendering out part one of the ultimate
live streaming room I'm hoping to get it
up tonight but there's nothing like the
smell of the morning fresh air we
shouldn't get to smell very often but
today guys today is an awesome vlog
doors open why is the door open I know
why the doors open because what wait a
minute what is that what is that I need
this parcel to arrive today wait a
minute no I think the thing I wanted
today was the Tesla right um I think it
was this one yes this is gonna be one
hell a cool vlog today I genuinely can't
wait to see what this thing is in here
and if it works wait a minute finally
finally finally arrived okay I can't do
this myself I need I need Luke where's
Luke there is Luke it's arrived boy
there we go can you pick this for me
that's bigger than mine is it that's
like twice the size that's what all the
girls say so guys I bought this box off
of the internet right it's a little
black mystery box and apparently right
and I'm gonna test this theory today
this box has cost me a lot of money not
sponsored whatsoever bought this by
myself I'm a big boy now so Alex you're
probably saying what is it what is he
gonna do what what this is for your car
is it not for your car what what's it
for but yes I bought this for my car I
Drive at the moment a mini John Cooper
Works one of the most powerful minis you
could want the most powerful mini you
can buy without saying anything these
the most powerful minute so beast its
small its well-built
it has 230 brake horsepower well the
internet can't quite decide inside the
229 or 231 so I'll just say 230 this box
here boosts the car right that tiny
little mini all the way up to 280 brake
horsepower that is an increase of 51
horsepower boxes of 64 he's pretty much
10 horsepower off adding the power of a
Vauxhall Corsa to my car
this this is going to be a fun vlog it's
also going to add a book turn of talk to
the Karthik I really really hope it
works and I'll tell you guys if it does
for the record I let you have no idea
what's going on and I picked it up
literally zero idea but you can get
these boxes for any car so what I want
to come to you guys and say look you can
get this box if it works I'll tell you
if it works you can do it for your car
too
they're guys even under the bonnet of my
car we have well we have good cable
management this is turbo boost this is
intercooler one of them plug-in C's
intercooler warn them plugs into right
so when you plug the unit in apparently
it's meant to start on four which is
optimal for the car you can move it down
to one which will slow the car down and
make it more economic and eco-friendly
or you can be a YouTube vlogger and push
it up to seven close the bonnet and take
it for a spin okay Oh sue don't want to
break any speed limit no any laws not
gonna go over six do
oh my god
okay so what do I think of the box this
camera it died then a lot of things
happened off camera let me fill you in
real do what happened Luke and I were
going out for a drive testing out the
box removed it from mode for two most
seven which is like the extreme sport
mode boost the car pretty much to 280
brake horsepower if your load of extra
torque and boost the top speed by ten
mile an hour it made the car feel and
act a lot more responsive I genuinely
felt the difference but then on pop the
warning light this is where very quickly
all the fun came to an end I was
stressing out we spent you know an hour
installing this thing into the car
warning loud the car was still working
but there was a warning light on the
dash I didn't vlog any of it because the
camera died luckily enough about three
hours later that we managed to fix it
looking at my friend Luke knows a thing
or two about cars that is why in the
first place I'll let him go under my
bonnet and rip the thing apart the only
thing is it's now got a dark outside but
we'll go we'll go for another little
Drive just so you guys can hear and
hopefully see a little bit of the power
let's do this
so guys there we go I've literally just
arrived home it is about one o'clock in
the morning doing this - this car has
been well a massive task all day but
honestly guys if there's any of you out
there that are like major car mothers
please let me know if there's anything
we can do to the car anything I even
small so if you guys know of multi cars
in the past I added the LEDs and stuff
like got like 400-pound mods down to
like three hundred two hundred one
hundred pounds like LED mods and stuff
so let me know if you car guys or any of
you know any cool mods even if they're
small that we could do to the car and
I'll keep you guys updated we can do a
little car modding sessions on the vlog
this today being a fairly major one
right then guys just for the sake of it
I am going to end today's vlog exactly
exactly where I started it in this room
I picked up a GoPro it's literally about
3:00 a.m. right now I'm gonna be driving
to insomnia in about three hours to me a
hell lot of you guys a button of you
guys I have selfies sign thing I
absolutely love meeting you but now I'm
honest when I likes you guys been
awesome awesome car Mart vlog today and
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog ready
adios
