yeah Squarespace thanks for making
today's vlog possible thank you I'm
telling you right now boys and girls
this is the future of Transportation the
future of Transportation acosta
breakfast meeting date with Jed had to
slowly come to an end and which rather
quickly come to an end
Walter glass hey dude also glass of gist
called me and said there there at the
house they want to fix my windscreen
like right now
9:30 a.m. GCSE
so guys there we go the tremendous
aerial accident has now been resolved I
think well my card has no longer has a
crack on the windscreen brand new
windscreen
installed looking sweet the guys let's
take you out for a little bit of a
test-drive because had to recalibrate
its level this car is level three
autonomous driving which I didn't even
realize means it can pretty much drive
itself so that's going to recalibrate
all the cameras I've got a cool little
notice apparently I can now drive the
car that's the guy that fit my Wow
actually this isn't it but car looking
sweet right take a look unfortunate this
wasn't Bertie my favorite cab that
brought this in it was Betsy the other
one but I came to the kitchen whilst the
guys are out there fixing the car and
look at this Betsy a caught a dragonfly
how mad is that it's still alive kind of
Betsy has ripped the wings off the
dragon blaster I just thought I was
amazing
Leslie you're a ninja you are a ninja
just like an ting good and did good
right to the office work mode meeting
done with jet this morning we've been
working most today in the office on our
channel tech flow if you guys didn't
know Jordan I actually run like kind of
a youtube channel together called tech
flow and it's kind of a big deal isn't
it it's a massive deal because a lot of
big companies work with us on tech flows
who need to make sure everything is ok
today has been a tech flow day we've got
some awesome videos coming on there if
you love tech and reviews and stuff go
check it out
Tech flow I'll put a link in the
description but we've been cooped up in
this tiny office all day and waiting for
my cars to get fixed so we thought now
that we would drive to bring Colin and
go and climb some buildings let's go
testing testing testing so Jen and I
have a rule that when we come climbing
buildings we only climb buildings if
there's like doors open and like stairs
that you can get up and you don't have
to like break entry like you could
literally just walk up them we've been
searching around for ages it's got dark
we managed to find this place where now
unlike a roof up here but there doesn't
seem to be anywhere to go from here like
it just seems to be a dead end there
just point something out there one thing
that is quite cool is apparently my
shadow on the wall their house mad shame
we didn't lead anywhere to love you and
leave you for today see you and all we
do is work which I enjoy work because I
enjoy the grind that we do last night
betting games tonight come do some
cardio some light rooftop running which
is quite cool yeah I think the phrase
goes work hard play hard there you go
all right then bro I'll see you in a
little bit I don't know if you guys can
really hear me or if I'm just coming out
of one side of the speaker's or if okay
everything up until now we'll have
sounded absolutely fine but from now on
this is me editing the audio I think I'm
only coming out of one side of the
speaker like either the left or the
right
all throughout this vlog if this vlog
audio is actually usable have been
edited so that the channels copy over
today something broke even more and I
noticed that one of the channels either
the left or the right isn't recording at
all on this camera it's just totally and
no I've been slipping it in this vlog
now and again because it's a big deal
my microphone hasn't been working before
I do a piece where I'm talking to the
camera I have to double check on the
back of the microphone by clicking my
fingers to see if the microphone is work
because if I tap the cable a tiny bit it
stops
so I think it's almost time to say
goodbye to the sony a7s it's been a good
run my friend this camera the one that
you're watching me on right now has been
the absolute foundation to everything I
have done on YouTube over the past two
years and I think this camera here is
gonna be well it's gonna be my new my
new camera or a buy the Sony a nine but
that is about three thousand pounds but
a 7's I think it's time to say goodbye
oh it's such a nice camera ah I don't
know what to do
I'll let the judges frown cuz that sorry
I genuinely have like a connection with
this bit of metal it's been through
thick and thin with me as filmed them
you understand if you're not me this
thing has this thing is like just shaped
like this camera has shaped my future in
the last two years
maybe I send you a way to get repaired I
buy a new camera blog with that and that
can then be my new vlogging camera to
have fun win and at least this camera my
original baby will be fixed that's the
plan that's the plan but for now I think
it's time to say bye-bye to the a7s
choose my life and all my goals love is
blind new three guys so please well just
ignore this picture this one this one
right here I'm just a little bite to eat
and it's that time of the week again
where I tell you guys that I've been
doing some stuff on my websites as I
told you guys I'm going to be releasing
the new merch the start of next month
and I'm at insomnia this whole weekend
it's mad I'm trying to get a 1-up and
all on my website to make sure all the
merch is going good as usual when I'm
everyone talking about websites and
letting you guys know that I'm doing
stuff on there I always like to let you
guys know that I use Squarespace to do
the sites and that well do have a link
for Squarespace it's down in the
description he could start you through
trial and then get 10% off your first
purchase that your first purchase might
be like your own custom domain
Squarespace make it super easy to set up
your own domain so you can literally
have like Mars bar or like whatever you
want code at UK or calm or whatever it
is super super super super simple as I
said I'm working on all the websites for
the last I don't know
month now just a couple of nights a week
that's literally all it takes and we are
almost ready to have like a full-on web
site for all of the gear full-on website
for all of the new merch and then a new
company website well two new company
websites one for my promotional stuff
and one for the networking stuff so as
always guys Squarespace and my guys
check him out in the description if you
want to test it out if you want to feel
free to tweet me your website's if
you make them but as I say guys temp
sent off down in the description start
your free trial today
Squarespace com forward slash Mars bar
guys let me know what you think I should
do about the camera situation I use this
thing every single day so it's not to my
surprise that it is just about broken I
can't believe this thing still works and
have to replace anything yet so let me
know guys but for now - when Alex you
guys been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling I will catch you in tomorrow's
vlog if you missed yesterday's you can
watch that here you're not subscribe to
the channel you can do that here and
I'll see you in tomorrow's one I've got
awesome vlog tomorrow make sure you tune
in adios
