I am so happy
it's something like 7:59 a.m. right now
I've got work all day today I've gotta
go in and solve it
I've got to go in a store this dish on
somebody's house I'm just gonna go to
that and I'll catch you guys up a little
bit later cool guys all install
installation done for today oxide minute
Jim session
sweet now I'm back
I like to think of myself as a very
interactive youtuber as regards to
interacting with me and my audience you
guys on the other side of the screen if
this was not interacting with the
YouTube audience and this was
overreacting with your YouTube audience
I would put myself at about 75 percent
I'm very very very talkative with you
guys on Twitter I'm down on snapchat
everything at 6:00 p.m. talk to you guys
at chat to you guys that replied to your
tweet put hearts on you comments replied
in the comment section I love chatting
to you I was gonna reply to a tweet that
I got earlier but there was two things
that stopped me number one was the
character count on Twitter and number
two was the count of how many times I
get asked the same thing that thing is
Alex how do you stay motivated thought
I'd answer it in a video instead
okay here goes this three things I
always fall back on if I'm thinking that
I'm feeling unmotivated and I'm not
wanting to get up and go and achieve my
goals and this is what they are how nice
you are being as a person how educated
you are and how open-minded you are
those three things will evolve around
your goals and a goal is what you need
to stay motivated now this is just a
theory of mine but if you have a goal
that is what will keep the fire burning
that is what will get you up out of bed
every morning and that is what will fuel
you and generally people with goals are
nice people they're fairly educated and
they're open-minded now these nice
educated and open minded people are the
people that will get up an hour early to
spend an extra hour in the office or in
the gym working towards their goals then
the people that will push anything aside
to achieve what they want to achieve
while along that being nice being
open-minded and being educated along the
way I think I speak for a lot of people
that everybody wants to be a nice person
everybody wants to be educated and
everybody wants to be open-minded
everybody wants to try new things so
what keeps me motivated is the goal but
how do we achieve our goals well we have
to be educated we have to be open-minded
and we have to be a nice person so if I
ever think I'm going off track I just
ask myself am I being nice am I being
open-minded and am I learned and if the
active answer to all of those things is
yes hopefully one day we'll achieve that
and that my friends is how I stay
motivated
by the way I have no idea what this is
whoa that's wicked still have no idea
what it's for but what is this KC 1000
wha that lies some serious nvme storage
480 gigabytes of an m2 dry whoa big
stone guys thank you I appreciate you
sending this out this is sick
I don't know what computer to install
this in am i doing one of the computers
for this live streaming room maybe in
the one just for gaming Kingston thank
you that is awesome
I had no idea you guys were sending that
nice sweet there's one thing wrong but
I've noticed with this live streaming
room though and I need to fix our just
fix it in this vlog so you see you see
this sound bar which is mounted on the
wall looks looks awesome I had to cut
out some holes in the wall for the power
and for the HDMI and in the daytime the
window behind this wall lessen enough
light that it actually comes out
underneath the sound bar looks a bit odd
need to need to fix that
if you guys want to sit a little bit of
a tiny tour of this room with all the
cool lights on the telly on I'm working
check out yesterday's vlog I hit it at
the end of the vlog main channel video
by the way for all of this coming out
Friday Friday set an alarm Friday 7 p.m.
UK time one more time fry
sweet guys back in the office for
another late one I have just cleaned the
office check this out though this is
what I want to show you guys as you walk
into the live living room and you turn
off the main lights look at the easies
how cool are these guys absolutely wait
a minute who the hell is that
oh hey bright hang on the Jedi have just
arrived into the office we have done
about we'd sell an hour's work hour and
a half solid wood in our idea for the
rest of the evening is to come and well
just test out the live streaming room
and just play you're all right and I
actually just test out the live
streaming room for gaming and there's no
better ways to do that than play some
games that good yes
sweet
so talking about goals and aspirations
like earlier on in the vlog and what I
look at in the rules that I set upon
myself if my feeling like unmotivated in
how to feel motivated another one of
those things is obviously the goal so
Alex what what are your goals you're
probably thinking early well I thought
I'd let you guys know at the end of the
video by showing you this room this this
live streaming room was one of my goals
for YouTube like creating some content
or let's get this room done it's still
not finished but we are we are almost
there I also have other goals and
aspirations outside of YouTube like I
want to get 50 clients on my network on
my way everybody should have a goal in
there what's one of your goals by mid
next year and I have my own place and
have a steady income coming in from my
business I run personally there you go a
goal that Jed is working towards and how
long you been working towards that like
that those two goals in particular I six
months I think the main thing to say is
if you put the effort in it will happen
put the effort in in you're determined
it'll happen is this just you against
yourself you are your worst enemy
right then guys let me know what your
goals are down in the comment section
down below and I hope this vlog has
helped clear you guys up on my thought
process about when I get them motivated
towards the goals and different bits and
bobs like that and goals don't
necessarily have to be serious or even
like for monetary gain or any gain it
could just be for fun like for example a
goal of mine at one point was to build
this set up and that goal was definitely
more than accomplished all it has to be
is like a vision or a dream house to be
you working for it and you have to have
something to show for that work which is
the end process and if you don't get
there you don't get there I tell you
guys is don't go down without a fight
you like I said earlier are your worst
enemy anyway guys I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog here I really do hope
you have enjoyed it and gained a little
bit of knowledge from it if you were
asking me that question I got that
question quite a lot so I thought I
would make a dedicated video on it
anyway guys minds rights you guys been
awesome guys I will see you in
tomorrow's vlog if you not subscribe to
the channel already subscribe here for
daily vlogs click here to watch
yesterday's and I'll see you soon as
more as one adios
