these speakers are absolutely so hey
guys good morning how are you all doing
my name is of course Alice guys and
welcome back welcome back to another
daily blog hope you guys all of you are
okay and if you know guys feel free to
drop me a tweet or something and I'll
have a chat with you I don't want any of
you guys feeling sad or anything so let
me know and I'll try and cheer you up
probably not very good at doing that
though it's so cold today
it's that rain that gets you wet and I
really don't like it but first meeting
this morning I'm back at the new house
place gonna go back into the show home
because you just want to make sure that
everything is a-okay and today guys is
the final day the final day where I sign
everything off and the builders get to
work on the inside of the house and yes
I can literally see my house right now
it has the chimney and the roof on it
hey guys I'm gonna give you the
thumbs-up for now because everything is
going okay I'm backing the show home of
this house that well it's going to look
a lot like mine and I just thought I'd
give you guys a quick update on that
well you guys already seen this but it's
not gonna look identical to this but the
kitchen is going to like this with a
granite worktops in the LED strip which
we're going to replace by the way we're
gonna have these floor tiles these nice
marble floor tiles it's all proper stuff
it's kinda gonna look a little bit like
this
Sweden guys the house meeting today was
absolutely wicked it was my final final
signature for me choosing all of my
carpets that I won the tiles that I won
in the floor and as I told you guys
numerous times now it's pretty much the
same stuff as that show home and as you
guys know sick that he's sick so my
house is pretty much the same as the
show home and as you guys know that the
show homes obviously for people to look
round and go
Wow do all the show homes have been like
upgraded with like the best quality
stuff a nice well based one done to my
house xbox thanks for sending me your
controller ahoy thanks for being part of
the Xbox team and assembly we hope you
enjoy the adventures through the Seas
with your new controller see you thieves
limited edition this is just like a
small cool thing but it still blows my
mind I used to go and buy Xbox
controllers and how I just can't sent
them and not just normal ones like
limited this is sick Xbox thank you
that's awesome yeah oh good I haven't
got one yet
I brought my other one so we'll go
downstairs I just had a quick meeting
downstairs about some insurance to make
sure that if I break any of my cameras
in the near future I'm all insured and I
can keep making videos but for now I'm
really hungry
I need to go to the shop but the weather
you guys remember me a for cheese
ravioli is literally my favorite meal oh
it's so good I told you guys all that we
do much prosper or exercise this week
but I somehow found a three-hour today
super super busy guys at the moment with
good things obviously we're doing the
project in the loft which is awesome our
sons loads of papers and stuff so that's
been stressful and then the meeting I
had earlier about insurance remember
guys with everything you do it's always
good to just put your put yourself first
and for me I need to make sure I'm
getting exercise and eating well because
that's two things two things that I
think I really lack
I'm very very proud of myself I've never
done deadlifts before that was new to me
so you've got me thinking Alex what do
you do well do you get okay well I don't
want to push myself too hard because I
didn't really know how hard to push
myself managed to do a 120 kilograms
single deadlift and then a roughly three
deadlifts at 100 kilograms I think
that's pretty good for my first time I
go doing deadlifts I didn't realize it
was so much about technique you know
what else is about technique today's
sponsor I'm Jake
wearing a hairnet as a team feed in my
arrogance to be seen it bear a circuit
LEDs guys LEDs they take technique I'm
gonna go ahead and do is take my bag of
LEDs home and then I'll explain to you
what I'm going to do with them
nice there we go
how cool is the server rack looking now
with the LED strips either side you
can't see them imagine guys tomorrow
when everything is in here it's gonna
look so so cool so because of all of
your guys lovely comments I went ahead I
went ahead and and I did it so you guys
are probably thinking Alex what have you
gone ahead and done go on tell us what
is it this time Alex you're always up to
something
you're also absolutely mental with that
one that you are correct I have gone
ahead and done guys is ordered these
speakers in if you didn't watch
yesterday's video you'll have no idea
what I'm talking about and you're
probably really confused as to where my
KRKs have gone so for those of you that
didn't watch yesterday's video I got
these not going to tell you how I got
them because you're gonna go and watch
yesterday's video for those of you that
did watch it you'll know how I've got a
hold of these now these are the chef
LS 50 wireless speakers let me preface
you this that mentor 2,000 pound mental
speakers and I've got these at the
moment guys on loan and I asked you guys
whether I should buy them and you guys
said Alex you love your audio even if
you're thinking about even if you're
contemplating buying two thousand pound
speakers you should go ahead and do it
because that's not normal so I thought
on it and I sat there and i read your
guys comments and i thought you know it
is a lot of money so after doing some
research online they actually do these
in a white variant with a rose gold but
the driver is rose gold i'll put a
picture on screen right now and i
thought to myself okay if i could get
these ones i will do it because they
will look awesome in the kitchen in the
new house you see where i'm going with
this
so alright not super far the guys that
are lending me these and i said look can
you get these white one they did a bit
of hunting they managed to get the white
ones for me not only just the white ones
but the last white ones ever made in the
whole of the UK and match to get 700
off them for me so guys I went ahead and
did it and I'll be picking them up next
week when I take these ones back so that
guys have turned all the lights on just
to end this thing today I did it I did
it it was all of it was all you guys -
thank you
hopefully the white ones when they
arrive they'll be worth it oh and also
tomorrow I'm gonna be giving you my
final my final take on this little mini
trashcan hey Siri turn off the floor
light got it it worked
see really nice I'll see you tomorrow
got any questions the conversation is
the place that appreciate you up the
light rating and if you didn't enjoy the
video then jump dislike and I'll
hopefully see you tomorrow with a better
vlog one that you'll actually like so
guys
