right guys I'm gonna in perfectly honest
with you everything I'm just about to
say is straight fat before I say it
though
there we go all clean
started yesterday's blog with the messy
bed knob that you just edited that vlog
and I was like I'm not vlogging when
something's messy I'm gonna tidy my room
before I start vlogging so everything
I'm about to say is straight facts and
that is the truth it's not to gain views
or anything right this video is gonna be
about Apple okay see you guys know that
about six seven months ago I bought the
brand new MacBook throwin the only
reason behind that was to make these
daily vlogs with it now yes I can spend
the same amount of money on a computer
and edit in Premiere Pro but these words
are the most important Final Cut Pro
which is an editing software only works
on Mac and it is the fastest editing
software to date hands-down
no questions asked hands down and doing
these videos every single day I need a
laptop that's portable and I need a
laptop that renders fast the MacBook Pro
with Final Cut solves that issue if I
was using Premiere on the Mac that will
be stupid it's all about Final Cut Pro
it's so fast on a Mac that's why I use a
Mac to the knowledge why do you so many
other Apple products you've got an
iPhone you've got an Apple watch which
is uncharged over there I've also got
the new air pods and I just love how
seamless Apple products are you open the
lid and then bang straight up there I'm
not your typical Apple fanboy where
everything I own is Apple and I know it
seems like that but I would have
probably change to a Windows laptop and
a Samsung Galaxy s8 or Google picks let
me crash they own these phones I love
how fast they are
I love how seamless they are with that
off my chest I'm getting super super
annoyed super annoyed with what they're
doing to me
so this is my 15-inch MacBook Pro that
aspect out to do these videos these
youtube ones I spend a fair bit of money
on it because I know that I'm going to
be using every single day to edit a
piece of content a little short movie
for you guys one of these and as you
guys know I took it to Apple because
well it started to get these little
lines on the screen and that's really
annoying when you've just bought an
overpriced laptop that it starts to do
things like that so I rang them up and
after numerous phone calls managed to
put myself in an appointment took it to
the Apple store I asked for a refund
they didn't want to give me a refund
they wanted to replace the screen so I
said go ahead and do that they said
they'd give me a call when the screen
comes into the shop and they never
called me so I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
confront them today and also I messed up
I need to get my phone screen fixed on
tile Wally hi mate you ok I'm back
vlogging again bad vlogging again
this Ford was going the car so I've had
to take out my my part my passenger
which is the inspire one it usually
lives in the back of the car so
so in the Apple store I need to get my
phone repaired and sort out my laptop
and I also need to buy an iPad for
Maria's mom the screen for my mark is in
stock but they want to keep the laptop
for three to five days so I've said okay
okay okay you're not taking it today
because I've got to edit my part so I'm
gonna bring it back in at a later date
but technically it's all good news
so Luke what's one of the guys just said
he was like oh I'll add you on snapchat
I'm a fan of your videos I'll bring your
appointment forward for your phone if
you have be on snapchat so I bought it
in in the meantime I'm probably gonna do
myself a favor and pick up a screen
protector role it's off it literally I
haven't left the Apple Store yet I was
just about to leave and I've had the
tech saying they're almost ready the
guys pushed me forward in the queue
absolutely hours one legend
I literally have the best subscribers
ever you guys are weird
right so the girls have gone off to do
some shopping I'm going to go back and
pick up my phone I've just looked at
some like really really nice shoes but
then they didn't really go with my jeans
so if you guys could let me know what
you thought of those shoes the also the
amount of people that have gone to many
lots of photos you guys are amazing you
know you don't see yourself just natural
thank you very very very very good
things to report Apple Apple did good
so guys successful trip to Meadowhall
today let me recap what they what
they've said to me at Apple and I've
also bought some really cool stuff that
well it's just really cool
so laptop I went to them when I was like
look guys she said you were gonna give
me a call
read my laptop about the marks in the
screen you said it was gonna be free to
fix because obviously it's a hardware
issue they said you know you said you'd
order me in a screen and then you said
you'd ring me and I never got the call
so don't me know what was going on I
went in they said they had the screen
there and said they wanted to keep the
laptop for three days to fix it and I
said no what you can't do that today
I've got to edit these vlogs so that was
that they said to me very kindly that
just bring it in at your earliest
convenience and we'll get it fixed for
you as soon as we can so I said to them
cool I'm gonna get this all backed up
find like a space of three days where I
can edit on my vlogs on this computer
and then just go from there and then my
new iPhone unfortunately I was doing
some work on a roof couple days back
fell took a little bit of full damage
they replaced the screen for free for me
which is awesome they also put a screen
protector on there I'm all sorted what
did I buy these are cool okay then
ironically enough I need a knife to get
these things open but I bought two
knives I'm gonna leave this one here
wait a minute there are yo so this is an
awesome cool knife like a flip knife you
press it there to put it away you guys
know why I bought these that is
absolutely wicked so I bought one for
here that is on my god base so sure so
yes one for this house one for here and
then this one is for the office I'm
gonna leave this right here you guys
know we unbox a hell of a lot of stuff
on the vlog companies always understand
where was that unboxing things like this
lamp yesterday which by the way none of
you none of you guessed what it was for
so keep guessing there's a hundred pound
on the line the first person that
guesses it what this UV light is for
I'll give a hundred pounds and vouches
to either buy Amazon gives bout is one
out so if that means that this knife is
gonna stay here now we have two awesome
knives one for home one for here right
it is June time there we go June kits on
I'm gonna be going
the gym now with Luke he's gonna be here
any second
oh yeah oh my god oh they enjoy it yeah
26 25 26 pounds today yeah I love it
it's amazing like meeting people in real
life is just like the best I should go
yeah that's good let's do it
right guys a totally new quick gym
session as it is quite late this evening
I spent the majority of my time today
till my time today at meadow hall
meeting you guys and get my phone fits
get the laptop fixed everything that is
the thing I think the room looks a lot
different on camera like I think it's
worse on camera so instead of me sort of
showing you guys the room like just
showing you where I'm just gonna walk
you guys around the room like as if
you're entering it from my field of view
does that make sense
okay so I'll do this uncut I'm just
gonna let's just do this know what you
guys need to bear in mind is yes I know
it's Sam Bobby put a TV on this you've
done that it's a lot more than that get
me point things up he's easy getting
them to work with no cables that's the
tricky part
let's take a look actually hang on wait
a minute this room looks a lot better if
you turn if you turn them off and turn
these on there we go so here we go guys
this is the ultimate live streaming room
as it stands right now so you walk
around here just to my testing I've been
using the Corsair laptop which is here
which was hooked up to the Corsair one
so obviously as you guys know all the
consoles and stuff are going to be going
in here as well as the well the PC for
streaming in the PC for gaming two PC's
and two consoles so you just put all
that around there and then magically
behind all these walls it comes on the
TV in 4k HDR 10 tele has an awesome LED
strip around it so if you sat on the
sofa and you sit down here and you just
look up at the TV
it just looks incredible it is so so big
and then I doubled around with this
quite a bit I actually have this sound
bar mounted underneath the TV that is
where you are meant to mount the sound
but when you're sat down it looked like
it was too in the way so I took it off
the wall I stood and painted the wall
back over so there's no holes in the
wall and mounted it down here near the
bar so it's floating and it looks wicked
the subwoofers down there and on the
back of this wall looks just as good as
the front you want to know why now that
is the bit that I'm not going to show
you guys so I have to wait to see how
I've done it and obviously everything
else on the main channel they're all
the cables are organized and it looks
absolutely amazing they'll follow lines
and it looks so cool it's like a snake
wall of cables looks awesome so now look
at that it's honestly guys it's mad
absolutely mad I can't wait for the
first episode of all of this to be out
on the main channel it's coming out this
Friday this this Friday I think guys I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's and flog
here I really do hate you've enjoyed it
I've just arrived back home I'm gonna
get some sleep get this blog out and
start recording a new one for you guys
tomorrow guys if you enjoyed a like
rating would be awesome you're not
subscribed already for some reason and
you'll come across this video any kind
of liked it then make sure you click
Subscribe and if you are already
subscribed turn on the bell which will
turn on notifications so you got
notified every time I upload this daily
vlog every single day but for now guys
man has been Alex you guys have been
awesome guys and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog adios
