what is totally soaked faster than that
you don't know I'm talking about the
I'll show you I'm talking about it it
it's got a it's got a big crack yeah
an areal fell off the top of the house
and fell on my car when things like this
happen you just have to say to yourself
it could have it could have been worse
good morning guys before today's book
slots all you guys to check out an
artist called AJ are I've only just got
into this guy and last year at this time
I was overly obsessed with a guy called
John belly and up entity of life his
music is incredible Ajay Raj old music
and John ballet music sounds really
similar
before getting today's episode got a
couple of things couple of things that
we need to talk about today that make up
three things we've got to talk about
okay so number one Alex where have you
been the last few days laughing there's
a big difficult one whole weekend I've
been filming the main Channel series and
I've got a lot of my efforts we'll all
of my effort this whole weekend into the
video part one of the ultimate live King
room on the main channel what it's put
all of my efforts into that and believe
it or not I try very hard with these
vlogs every single day of my life they
take a lot of my time and a lot of my
effort and I enjoy but I just feel like
if I'm trying to create a big value
production piece on the main channel
sure I need to give it my all and I
wanted to give it my all to see what I
could do and the efficient and the only
way to do that was to say no block so
number two you for thinking Alex show us
the God that room then what are you
waiting for it you've recorded episode 1
sure there's something awesome you want
to show okay I'll show you
actually maybe our way into the day to
you guys may be our end of the day other
piercing so I like tell us what the hell
division sukar what actually happened
well pretty much you know an area all
that goes on top of a roof like an
actual aerial like fixture my car's
parked outside a house and the aerial
fell off the roof and just fell onto my
card on the concent just fell on the
contrary windscreen slyly nothing I can
do about it it could have been worse it
could have hit the Boni it could have
hit the roof that would have cost a lot
of it they're coming out on Thursday to
replace my windscreen it's only cost me
25 pounds lookie lookie
oh and this is also quite interesting so
easily afternoon right now and it says
well it's very dark outside and that's
because well today the solar eclipse is
happening so the something goes in front
of the Sun and blocks out the Sun but
we've just got a load of cloud cover
here so it's really not about
interesting told you I'd love to capture
it on film but not today
there you love the gorilla part if any
of you guys can guess why I bought UV
light I will I'll give you a hundred
pounds a 100 pound
eyes esteem iTunes or whatever gift card
you want put it in the comments why have
I bought a UV light ok I'll give you
guys a hint this this lamp is foot well
it's for its of its roof
I don't want to give you guys a little
peek I really do I'll give you guys a
little peek it's just a little peek just
a little peek tiny peek ok guys ok this
is it it looks absolutely incredible
absolutely increase blown my own mind
something I have made has blown my own
mind it looks beautiful
the TV is just the right size for this
room to feel like a cinema the sound
quality oh the sound quality ok ok I'll
promise you guys a short little
cinematic a short close-up cinematic
I'll give you guys a proper reveal
tomorrow
Oh
I've been working extremely hard on this
guy's and I really really really really
want the hype to be massive earlier from
that little cinematic it's got you
pumped enough and you cannot wait to see
I'll show you guys tomorrow up from it
it is honestly believe me so cool not
even exaggerating this is a headset for
Toby I'm taking it round because it's a
lamb night tonight pug birth all night
long
under other guys I'm in the office this
afternoon because I have some work I
need to be going on with got a small
little promotional video I need to shoot
there's also a massive company called
meat Inc which one way to do this some
free public Wi-Fi so I need to need to
sort of map all of out and get my plans
down but I've ever better work through
cracking on with this Monday afternoon
mic so that like a problem should have
to get the big mic out they've got a mic
here right guys I'm going to go ahead
and hit the hay of course I want the
little lands of the Tobin I've been
having fun on this evening playing
player unknown battlegrounds has been
absolutely amazing this little budget
does run pub G but this R this just
absolutely obliterate say there's no
questions about and the only reason are
really playing pub G guys is because
well you guys said you wanted me to play
in the live streaming room so I'm trying
to get good at it so I'm at least
half-decent when we start streaming in
there but let me know guys if there's
any other games you want me to play over
in the live streaming room and I also
need to figure out a way of the sounds
like the microphones and the sound and
stuff so if you guys have any ideas how
we can get sound to like me and a guest
through some wireless headphones and
then obviously we've got the big
microphone which will even our -
tonight's guys you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog I can't
officially got yesterday's vlog
yesterday we were back on the daily
vlogs
ok subscribe oh yeah
you
