guys I'm absolutely shattered today is
the day I just got back from a run and I
want to show you something the sunrise
the sunrise is insane Jeremy why since
the height is the day it ace that take a
bike ride I'm going to go on a study
bike outside the office for an hour and
I think the current time to beat is
something like thirty kilometers in one
hour is that doable we can do that can't
wait thirty kilometers one hour we got
trailers got shorts on I think we're
ready from welcome here to support me
doing my bike ride today and hopefully a
load of you guys have a couple days ago
I did a video inviting you guys down to
my office the one thing I didn't do is
publicize the office address which made
that very hard for you guys to find the
reason I did it is because I didn't want
hours of people turning up but I already
think I have people tweeting me tender
book train tickets down it's beautiful
isn't it I love what I've done the Mazda
puns are so strong brilliant even if
there's one person coming that will make
my day if there's 5 10 15 20 100 I don't
all I'm doing is I may be on a static
bike ride I told you guys the time I
didn't tell you the play chapters part I
think my office comes up if you type my
name into Google ads bar after Mars bars
office got five stars for Google reviews
right let's go and see what the crack is
the megaphone bubbling up you sit in the
office because of the people working
minutes like midday right now
Sharon Wilson I'll go sign that's gonna
make your job easier darlin yes Tanya
right so these are sassy bikes the
coffee shop here which or my fan seems
to be residing and waiting for me
because I think it's just it's just
about to rain oh there's more people
there's more people coming down yeah
guys how you doing whoa whoa we've got
loads of miles
these guys behind me that they needed it
out with extreme amount of money to the
charge that were hiking forth on giving
them a private office time here you go
guys this is this is the space there you
go this is wrong last video though there
is no L to say there yeah look all the
floor sections going right now but
everybody I never thought I'd see the
day where I have like times described as
in the office you got a legend and
analyze it to the left so if you press
the dimmer switch on and then give it a
sec no come on yeah
and then the switch does the LEDs down
the side thank you so much today yeah
guys you guys all of these thank you so
so so so much
I've just had a moment to collect my
thoughts and have a little thing the
kitchen the whole entire office it's all
office building within the chat about
right digit last year but I couldn't I
couldn't like come because I wasn't here
obviously I have joined in this year I
did 60 K in one hour
I told you guys if you guys to come down
and you know throw some money in the
park then fair enough come down I didn't
tell anybody what the office address was
but a simple fact because I didn't want
loads of people to turn up still loads
of people did turn up and oh my god you
guys are amazing support you guys leave
the things you guys say to be the things
you guys give me later through the
hallway downstairs it's flooded with
miles Baha I even gave some guys a tour
of the office and they were just all
walking around with their cameras
vlogging it and bottom of my heart guys
thank you thank you so much thank you
for giving me an opportunity to wake up
every morning and do something that I
love
thank you thank you so much the few
times where the huge thing has just left
me speechless and this morning this
morning was one of those
all this for one reason and one reason
only
Jake's like that you know why is because
it it's because you're too clever bro
isn't it because you took you know it's
a laser you're too clever bro because I
don't know what to sit here and tell you
all how much we have raised for charity
but unfortunately I can't do that yet
because we haven't tallied it up is
currently being well it's going to be
held up right now as soon as I know how
much we've raised for charity I'll let
you guys know I'll fill you in
now I said a few vlogs ago that I talked
about thing this being this sent in by
and fun this is this is really cool it's
pretty much near as fun instead of
sinning it has all the proper
measurements up and it's done this just
by looking at these videos doing it is
actually a proper full-on design for
some lovers for the life you get what do
you think about into it alright it's
pretty cool so I'm probably going to try
and make these from the design palette
thank you for sending this in this is
forces absolutely wicked hopefully
they'll be a little bit better than a
breakfast bar we built but oh yeah okay
yeah that was the we kind of it looks
cool now but it was a mess much too much
oh we're going to show you guys all the
time I'm going to be in the gym or like
go in the June I try to be healthy you
guys don't even listen to within the
sliders because this is the sort of
things that you guys give me when when
you meet me I just get slowed to Mars
bars literally I'm just I just think no
block that I just give them away to
people either give advice or you sit
here any a whole time
alright you guys gave some awesome files
moves well just a little example here
this is been my first charity event
involving you guys and have absolutely
absolutely loved it come on let's go
they know was going on it yet
