hey guys welcome to the vlog my name
Qashqai - hahaha legend bro I'm loading
myself really really really you know to
myself I woke up super late and I don't
know why my alarm didn't go off and now
10 a.m. I wasted four hours of my day
guys today's vlog is primarily going to
be just a massive test what we're doing
is taking off this well with Gorillapod
and doing the whole vlog on this thing
how cool how cool is this absolutely
brilliant because it's actually like a
bit of a sick so I can actually hold the
camera out like I would do with the
Gorillapod and it is just super smooth
this guy today's vlog Vic is the 4000
pound vlogging rig let's see if it makes
a difference the most important thing is
for you guys to give me the feedback is
it going to be worth it doing on the
stick let me know down in the comments
let's do this
where my head is when the head is
saddled Adam and a famous no swing
the guys made it to the office I just
wanted to say before I actually go
inside that the amount of selfies I've
had just on the way here like someone
just stopped in their car there was like
yeah I just I just find it absolutely
incredible guys we are so so strong I
absolutely love all the support you guys
leave on the videos okay guys if you
enjoy the content that I make here on
YouTube be sure that smash the a rating
if you're not subscribed subscribe and
turn on the valve get inside at least
you guys only come in the office to drop
off the booster board now I'm leaving
again I need to go it's good to shop hey
bro
okay well I'll come now I'll go swim now
then come through the front door I've
got something to show you upset see you
said like oh no I'm going to go open the
front door and then Luke's going to come
up here we'll hide you guys thank you
were painting yours you're not a real oh
shut up the phase phase descending this
well this mental thing out I realize
that you can actually unplug that aspect
oh my god it can also record stuff into
it ah it's really cool right since we're
going to a gym with a lot of my friends
recently Elliot has just gone on hold a
lock on go with him Luke has a gym just
round the corner so I'm going to go and
check out with him and see if it's
something I want to see something that I
want to do so if I want to go there in
the future
what to think of this is a vlogging rig
do you think it's too much or do you
think it's just right you think it's
just my idea can you try and hold this
then right you try and hold see I'll
have it this came out of a pod please
don't drop it
hey guys welcome to the vlog my named
Kazekage hahaha the legend bro sweet
guys I've just got back at home been
downstairs on the laptop calculating a
link that I'm doing tomorrow like a
wireless just to just work interesting
work in the last like 40 45 minutes it's
got really dark but that's fine they
were going back to the office a little
bit later this evening because jet is
coming around we're finally going to get
some work I'm taking off the gimbal I'm
taking it off because it's
super super annoying right because
there's no way I can place the camera
down out if it's on the gimbal I've
constantly got to be holding the camera
and I like to do static shots like this
where the camera is on a table however
I'm finding this whole exercise very
interesting there's been a Grady walkie
phone vlog I'm loving it so far with the
gimbal spin pretty good it's more about
what you guys think though let me know
down there in the comment section down
below and if your join the video right
right it'll be wicked first thing I do
get to the office he's already space all
he found hello
right so Cosby Officejet is already here
working hard what you saying oh and I
kind of need a rabbit are you want to
tour the other athletes or show them
around I can't really hear what you're
saying so this is this coffee house I
always talk about in the blog angel
coffeehouse minjae go there all the time
to do work people think it's all right
to go there and just dump like fan art
and plan things and just box the stuff
and don't know what to say like send it
to the peer box don't send it there okay
there are like such miles but I've been
watching your blog for a while now and I
absolutely love them I live in the area
of a link column and most of the places
you go in your vlogs I know will do
thank you lotion message I really really
is good message isn't it right Jed it's
time for a tour follow me up later my
cursor there's my friend mrs. Soffer
what are you thinking big you can't
please trying to please round the tiny
little gap that has been made I thought
a mess the book sort must have a little
bit on the measurement but it's fine
they are you know quite like that with
the idea I was a little bit annoyed
about the gap but I feel like that it
just like it separates the area from
this bit to like this bit some isn't it
just feel like you two separate bits
that is going to go down there in the
middle and it's put the controllers and
stuff on it and point you I was going to
put projects are there but Kelly's big
enough with the lighting here it's kind
of spacious isn't it boy I am quite sure
a minute yeah I can actually stand up
and you can but yeah it's a little bit
like putting lies in here made another
room Woodley okay turn the lights off
site
OPSEC you may drink some of that
but then don't swallow it just put it in
your mouth right in water
you're lovin it now I'm screwed
hopefully guys winning it back this
chick this is a lie in his life that
begins getting moved okay
that's why you copy it came so much like
seriously that dude has two feet you can
walk and now you're doing it keeps the
original your focus like a fish yes
YouTube you monkey very well come on bro
you talk about how you don't like
lickboot with your girls don't think
things fishy about something think about
it you don't go yeah got my 93 k plus
car something to fish you guys know I
love you family and friends hello
friends my fellow friend Alex what this
challenge is silly
oh this just got water everywhere
fighting guys is about 4 a.m. in the
morning as you can see the Sun is coming
up behind my blinds and we get a few
hours sleep which is not recommended but
I'm only going to get a few hours early
because I do have a busy day this Friday
like right today I have a very busy day
I'm going to Enzo's this vlog this one
right here guys and start a new one up
in about two hours when I wake up but
say no guys I see you guys tomorrow
oh yes
yeah
