boom tell everybody oh you crushed your
car oh come on that's not that bad it's
not that bad I'll take it out you get
out with a bit of Tico
disgusting he knows how you're doing my
name is odd cause Alex is literally just
about to rain
mid-afternoon right now and they're
trying to heat this up a bit so they're
trying to hit their something new
arrivals new arrivals so I've been sort
of having a little bit of a problem
recently as to which I know soon is
going to affect affective vlog quite
serious one sound is a big part of these
vlogs and the microphone I'm not sure if
it's the microphone
oh yeah let's see guys from Holley pull
the hell out god on today's so far you
just like a montage and yeah think of
what okay I'm over haircut this morning
kind of liking it I let you guys know
what that montage is all about just in a
second I need to go it's gonna see my
mom I haven't seen her in I'm seen her
in a while
I'm about to reshape that that's fine
it's fine now it's about rish reshape it
mommy you tell everybody because then
I'm gonna get comments everybody tell
them a haircuts really bad it's good
isn't it yeah you like it
as long someone loves it that's all I'm
bothered about that's all sighs my mom
likes it I don't care what anybody has
to say right this is what that montage
is all about guys it's time for a tour
so new arrival also ever you may be
welcome to your new office you're moving
in looks like the 21st of August so I'll
be welcoming you next Monday prettiest
well just put outside now you put it
that it subconsciously telling me to
just hurry up moving out we don't know
though kind of since all we are going
around here we go well there's not much
to talk it's all this is this sort of
real wife still in here of mine is this
table this monitor that is all this is
no good as you can see a full on empty
room there is nothing of mine in here
other than those things I might be sure
who owns these boards here they're not
mine this is office so well and goodbye
probably will be coming in here again I
really do like this face and I have
liked having like a bigger space just to
put mess in but for now some things have
changed in my actual office because of
the move out there like this we now have
an array of flowers on here and my
little lights at Mars my eyes are on Oh
boom look at that my desk is wrong on my
desk more on that in a second awesome
hats don't really wear how every desk is
filled everything down but then up here
I'm not sure who owns those cushions
right there were some cushions in the
last office I don't know who owns them
stolen three this is all the stuff for
episode one of the live streaming room
all of this stuff here and then over way
in here look how cool this is now so as
you please a purple light in here it's
actually quite a big space like you can
actually fit a fair chunk in here I'm
quite a small human but this is sweet
big of course they're got some corset
bugs I got my toolbox and this is the
gear shelf full of all gear that well is
just here to be used or given away a few
authorized monitors a few sixteen by
nine monitors and some older monitor
Lotus speakers there and there like
google bag isn't a goggle bag
it's full of LEDs and then all of these
here yes all of these boxes of products
that are currently in use in the office
everything here is currently in use
either in there or it's out there about
to be used in the live-streaming ring
cause my headphones were got some Mouse
map extended and normal size
the great thing is I can walk out of
here and just leave the lights on
because the motion sensor will turn them
off in about two minutes
there's a lovely said and only obviously
it's ready we're ready we're ready to
start this hold on a minute how does
this world all right there we go
how do you turn ha long press the mode
button to start the gimbal hey there we
go
this thing is wicked so this is a gimbal
that I found also been tidying out by a
company called zine Z Z u n-- by a
company called ZM I have a symbol like
this right one of these chinese-made one
for this camera for my DSLR I feel like
it will make such a difference if I use
it more in these vlogs let me explain
take something that everybody does right
block everybody picks up the camera they
talk to it yadda yadda yadda they place
it down they talk to it yadda yadda
yadda they pick it back up again they
talk to at the point in people's faces a
shout this scream is lots of people in
one pond how do you stand out you'd be
different you'd be better not
necessarily better this is three steps
right most people just hold their camera
like this I'm holding the camera at
number two people invest in some sort of
gorilla pod dolls or a stick to hold out
the camera gives the audience a wider
field of view oh he's using a gimbal for
it obviously I do have a gimbal for my
bigger camera that was what the use of
the vlog but it gives you a little
taster of how cool is it now with that
explained would you guys like that on
the vlog or should I with something a
little bit more a little bit more
professional but we should should number
something a little bit more professional
a little bit more fresh assume that were
reserved for the main channel videos you
guys have already left polls but I don't
get a cameraman in for the main channel
I'd do it myself which is what I'm going
to do guys one more day one more day
guys what all day until I start filming
to start filming this oh hello core so
on just casually sitting there I do my
friend
well not 100 finish go I've come on so I
have talked to you guys about this just
what it was switch it up a little bit
she was where you guys know that if you
didn't already I'm going to behind Somme
Nia on Saturday the 26th of August which
is in ten eleven twelve days time you
guys can come you can meet me whatever
I'm going to be streaming there all day
with like Corsair and ROG and some of
the companies and stuff and then on the
9th and 10th of September is going to be
a very strange and awkward event upload
uploaded but that one should because I'm
going to be there the whole weekend as
you guys are there feel free to come say
I again I don't buy you guys know and
yesterday's believe it in sometime in
the near future you guys come visit my
office I forget the date and the time
that you guys can do that if you want to
go watch as today's video it's in there
I just let you guys know that these are
the events I'm attending so if you do
want to meet me feel free to come I
don't bite come say hello work and
selfies I'm not unlike a no selfie
Paula's going to be cool again I don't
know I've come outside to tell you guys
this it's kind of cool though I like it
tomorrow the whole vlog tomorrow on that
let's see if we can do it anyway guys my
live Alex you guys been awesome guys
stay loose and keep smiling link as
yesterday's vlog can come to my office
and visit me all the details are
negative out here you can subscribe here
if you knew and I'll see you in
tomorrow's locker you're the guys and
yeah
