I very much thought about it in the blog
before confidence is an easy thing to
have because you can fake it let me put
this out there I am NOT a confident
person right not at all I thought the
majority of my videos telling you guys
I've just got back from a meeting are
you doing some promotional work for
somebody or installing somebody's
internet and you guys reply in the
comments like Alex you're lying you
haven't been to a meeting because look
what you're dressed like you're it is
sure to go to a meeting you two look
like professional to go to a meeting
I don't need you show my meetings but
I'm going to show you the meeting this
morning if I can I'm going like this no
I totally understand in different areas
of work is very good and very
professional to wear a shirt and look
presentable but in what I do guys I'm
fine like this oh and by the way for the
record talking about appearance totally
ignore my hair I don't want my hair to
look like this I'm getting it cut
tomorrow this this isn't part of the
appearance for today also I've got a new
phone case
and there we go client meeting over told
them where I'm going to put a dish on
the outside of its out so we can get
internet from me internet provided by
miles media another client in the back
you need to wear a shirt no you drove
not doing this right okay before I go
from meal with Luke a little bit later I
need to do something so he going to take
a few seconds so you guys a quick DIY
job of the Tuesday today already
finished pretty much you guys know we
did inside this room yesterday the
storage covered so incomplete some like
products out for select feature in the
videos or whatever we have like a like a
storage place for it we made it
yesterday but unfortunately there's no
light in there we've now fixed that but
with more than fixed it we've gone we've
gone up a level we don't do normal level
on Mars bar blogs we always go up a
level you guys these things got the
light in here and got the obviously the
LED lights you turn on there LEDs come
on then you've got the dimmable
spotlight on the roof which are all LEDs
no super energy efficient but now we
open this door you guys can watch my
hand wait for it I'm not touching
anything not touching anything and up
hey there we go there's a sensor there
and it turns on the light so we saw the
motion sensor so as soon as you walk
into the storage room you don't have to
touch anything the lights come straight
on like though it shines down onto all
of the products here that are currently
in use there's also a hidden light of
their which you can't see in that lights
of the gear shell brilliant job right
you guys know what time it I can we
booked a booth is Tuesday you know what
time it is make those kids in the
outside offices what's open today hey
Jun Jie's well do a selfie up
I saw some girls in numbers they just
seemed a not me to go over okay lon
1-under through Genesee looking great
don't write it really nice you don't
read the numbers again you're not clean
back again just like we can't be friends
we're gone now you're going to follow me
and subscribe okay okay you can join the
marzipan that's what these guys are
called yeah cool oh you like marzipan
okay okay give him a friend then you can
describe guys I'm trying to get as you
know five hundred thousand subscribers
on this vlog channel by Christmas it's
going to be a long shot and I hired that
we're going to do it but we may as well
go for it if you're not subscribed click
that subscribe button turn on
notification let's do this
Oh bro what's your name Skinner nothing
reader cheers man you guys are legends
were getting stronger every day
sorry guys numbers finished Luke and I
went in to Nando's and am a few of you
guys which is absolutely awesome and the
new marzipan joined the crew which is
wicked the reason Luke and I went to
Nando's initially want to talk about
something that we're wanting to set up
right here we go here is the map here is
the elevation this is going to be my
vlog today about me trying to get an
internet connection from my house all
the way to Luke's house because his
internet is shocking we're going to use
these little dishes here these are the
tiny little dishes that I own with the
hopes that if we can get these work Luke
is going to buy some really powerful
dishes and we can get some really fast
speed across the distance as the crow
flies from my house to Luke's is three
point six five miles mile so we're going
to put this on my roof one of them on
Luke's roof and see if we can get some
Internet literally pulling Internet out
of thin air free Internet
right up onto the roof with this I'm
going to attempt to point it near Luke's
house let's do this see on the roof
right there also this is the moment of
truth my friend get the pole up and
let's see if it connects to my house
let's see if we can get my internet to
your house this is the contraption so
massive cable going out here a massive
broom on the end of it the receiver but
if you've got the ladder Luke it's going
to go all the way up there and then hold
that and point it towards my house
oh my probably bad side it's going to be
connected generally I'm not connected
connected connected 1.65 mega second
connected you know connected mate on
let's connect it all we need a mouse I
would like to mount as long as a babbles
on MX master they're all Bluetooth
speaker just someone some anchor a one
from Liberto portable projector we got
your cousin what the balls headphones
networking gear portable monitors
speakers and the LED lights to light the
whole rig up sweet on don't forget the
little motion sensor this is also retro
it literally just screams me and I'll
love it if you guys are in the area you
know where the opposite is feel free to
pop by I'll be outside on the bike I'll
have a bucket next to the bikes of feel
free to bring some change and throw it
in the bucket but for charity I just
thought I'd let you guys know get all
you guys you invite get fulfilled
workday guys really cool hoping I can
get jet down tomorrow to film the main
channel series the first episode of
building the ultimate live-streaming
brood as I've told you guys I'm waiting
on an awesome package from slick craps
to arrive in order to start the series
if it doesn't come tomorrow I'm just
going to start filming anyway guys I'm
sick of waiting around we're just going
to start it I always tell you guys don't
think just go I need to listen I need to
listen to my own advice you and yours
didn't want to tell a bit more about the
work you type of size things that I do
without being any promotional video
types of all the internet stuff that as
it tonight with Luke let me know down in
the comment section but for now guys
money's when I like you guys been
awesome good here to see yesterday's
vlog if you did it and click here to
subscribe and I'll see you
enterprise what guy
Oh
