putting the bug quick just wave and say
hi Janet Squarespace for helping me
create today's York I know you're doing
my name is of course Alex guys welcome
back to the daily blog guys if you not
subscribe to channel make sure you
aren't trying it 500,000 subscribers
before Christmas
I've been trying this morning at a
client's house Thunder stuff Monday
morning setting up somebody's internet
we're becoming stronger every day with
something for our girls were achieving
our goals guys boy have I got a vlog for
you today so good old good old-fashioned
DIY vlog hey guys arrived into the
operation probably thinking Alex you're
not in the office where I no no yet this
is the office let me show you where we
are this is the live streaming room
we're in here yeah in there
Cena's we're getting kicked out the
other office and need to make some
storage needs with some storage somehow
not sure how just need to make some
storage and I'm not really a hundred
percent sure how I'm going to do that
did you know what we'll figure it out
anything's possible when you put your
mind
this this is what we need but we'll just
buy no we're not going to buy that
that'll be boring okay I got the guide
to help me take it all to the till let's
do this
this just isn't gonna work is it Oh God
the drones in the car
this just isn't going to work is it
Starr this is absolutely awful I can't
even we're just gonna have to hope it
doesn't fall out wanting me to pay for a
bigger office we got there's a got it oh
it's just tight rein in the woods
getting wet right nice and slow you can
literally see how the back of the car
right now the boot is wide open the
amount of people that are looking at me
is mud our guys seems to be working
okay car come on Mormons they were
literally here this is it we've done it
we've done it do it
oh wow that's hilarious I'm going to
lose anything my drill and toolbox we
win we win team are japan's we've with a
shelf is Oh as you can see I put some
simple little joys across here screwed
them all in cut that bit out there and
it's a shelf it's wet wait a minute we
can't reach I'm using my phone for that
day
alright guys a good one listen magic
three two one
as you guys can see this light have died
from most of my phone but the gear shelf
is complete goes back about four layers
and there's so much gear on there I'm
going to hook up these LED lights to
like a motion sensor so as soon as you
come through this door boom the lights
will flash on and you're good to go so a
lot of you guys tell you what with some
headphones we've got some g-53 threes
there from Logitech coupling if those
more headphones down there
you guys won't anything let me know that
is my gear shell which is soon to be
well it's already full Tony's make a new
one soon but it's a good start it's just
a concept that you need to think about
guys so no reason seem like a big deal
I've gone on just put a shelf up in the
tiny little room I know it doesn't seem
like a big deal I understand that but
it's listened to the concept of this
little story
so our next to the home base and I saw
the headlights on some shelves and
pre-built shelves but all you can just
buy these but the 20 quid apiece I
pulled them in there put them in there
it's going to take two minutes and we're
gonna have some shelves it's going to be
it's going to be fun but what I thought
no we'll go cheaper and will actually
build build it in our cells I thought
it's going to be more difficult but I
took the more difficult option
I didn't probably measure up or anything
I just went for it and it actually
worked out really well
and it goes what's that phrase that I
always say guys don't think just go and
I know Alex you've only put a shelf up
yes I'm talking about the concept of it
not the fact that I just drilled a
little bit of wood to the wall but
that's irrelevant all in effort and it's
turned out better
good job Pete oh there's no more more
sparse less I was going to pick them all
so it looks like somebody else has been
in and soul in them all I have an e in
them at all and someone else was stolen
the Mars bars
there's office it's almost time to say
bye-bye it's pretty much clear but again
seem solid job with what our minds of
them think we accomplished it
it's cheat day today
one ridiculously unhealthy meal over our
daily okay bro very hard okay bro I
doing a man-sized guy's penally I
haven't been using the home gym in quite
some time because we go to the gym the
actual gym with Elliot I don't call it
the gym room anymore it's now the
electric skateboard room now on each of
guys opinions on something I'm not sure
where I should put the electrics cable
if I should have try and hang them on
the wall somewhere in the office or at
home make like some sort of charging
station I want to do something with them
but I don't want to be called a copycat
of some other youtuber you guys know
what I mean if you guys are giving some
tips or some suggestions as to what we
could do these boards when they're not
induced instead of them just taking up
the whole gym let me know because I want
to do a little project like somewhere
where we can keep the ball so guys let
me know just think it'd be something fun
to do so we have a little bit of a
problem with this TV in here I've been
wanting to tell you guys this
embarrassing we did a highly a highly
highly requested project but I try and
make this work but this TV that I put on
the wall has stopped work out it could
be diffused I'm not going to jump to
conclusions but it could also be the
steam from when I take a shower so I'm
kind of worried about it if it's not the
fuse and it's broke then that is such a
 but if it goes this tomorrow guys
and see if I can fix it so guys my
Twitter in the last 24 hours has been
full absolutely of you guys tweeted me a
single image in that single image was in
a millisecond one millisecond of
yesterday's vlog how so many of you
managed to find it is beyond me there's
a question about the new merge that is
coming out and I actually lead to few of
the designs in one millisecond Olympian
guys screenshot that you guys said you
absolutely loved it well let you guys
know that's just one of the many designs
that is going to be released
it's on our website now Mars bar code at
UK you guys can go on it that's what we
got to do is go on to this website pages
and expelling mistakes or anything some
actual website quitting the process
right now of redoing the my gear section
of it because a lot of things has
changed since then so you guys actually
click through and buy like the gear life
you want it you want to know what
speakers I've got on the website what
monitors I've got lots
oan I have what headset I've got what
laptop on what memory card the bytes
from the web so I'm it's currently
updating all of that now what if I told
you guys and let you know I was dating
my website see also let's let you guys
know that I do my website on Squarespace
and Squarespace to have you know they've
given me like a 10% off codes you guys
can go in the description to
squarespace.com forward slash mars bar
comm please i'm saying that sorry free
trial today at squarespace.com for slash
mars bar and then with that you also get
10% off your first purchase of that
could be you purchasing like a custom
domain my domain is mars bar but credit
UK like you can have your own thing than
cody UK or calm or whatever and the
reason why I use Squarespace is because
it is just so easy to create a website
they lay everything out for you and all
you do is you put in your text put your
videos I have even have a thing in here
where it just automatically grabs my
most recent videos that I've uploaded
and places it right on the home page of
a website which is wicked I mean heck
even my company website Mars media just
type that into the URL bar that is made
on Squarespace - that's so cool burning
guys I'm going to go ahead and end
today's video here guys as always stay
awesome keep smiling if you didn't see
yesterday's video you can check that out
here I talked about some controversial
stuff you might want to check it out
quite cool a lot of people liked what I
was saying here if you're not subscribe
to my youtube channel daily vlogs here
click here to subscribe see you in
tomorrow's days or guys
