check it out check it out it still day
and I shouldn't be spread it out right
Sunday chill world today that's what I'm
all about it I'm rattling there are we
I'm only joking I'm tired of joking a
kind of joking do I believe in yesterday
where I box this box is stuck and inside
of it was the PlayStation 4 Jake and I
chose branded PlayStation was really
cool if you didn't see it go check out
yesterday's vlog so it wraps really went
ham and after I bought the PlayStation
there was a few shots of me which the
keen eyes have you saw well I went to
put Jake's PlayStation with is let me
show you I went ahead and I focused
playstation down here with the two
monitors and computer Oh Jake not a lot
of you was I was thinking Alex what's
the problem we're doing that but tweets
and comments along the lines of this
Alex why are you using the old office
still you're getting kicked out soon
thanks for reminding me which well it
goes wanted to wait it's good because it
means I have a messy room but it also
means I can't create scenarios like this
now I think it's time to take a trip
down to the cellar this is the cellar of
the obvious building I checked out and
explored in like a blog few months back
through that way it goes pitch black and
its massive but here was optimized Jake
your setup can reside down here for now
we wanted this PlayStation 4 and your
awesome gaming I feel like my dog when I
open the door Skeletor the spirit so it
tastes now though guys it's looking
fairly solid in here now it's got a load
of your guys fan art on here a bench a
few keyboard mouse peripherals and
monitors a monitors are currently wants
to review some speakers and so
networking gear what is this VR gear I
forgot about this it is also for the
live streaming room wait a minute
PlayStation VR and then oculus rift in
there with all the tenses I can go here
whole live streaming room or life to any
rooms what we are going to have to do
guys in this room equation sort of like
shelfing systems are like a mini
inventory of monitors keyboards mice and
as things that company sends you've ever
need anything it's all in this little
space welcome sweet I just can't get
over it really a did a good job team and
it's about to get a whole lot much
better of that hey most people are
inventor resources up there this place
we can move out easy
we've got no roy's and as I've said to
you guys 90% of stuff that is in this
room is going to be going into storage
for later use if you guys ever want
anything we watch their speakers or you
always give away a mouse or you guys
want something but in the comments and I
just might just might pick someone to do
a giveaway because you guys know I love
getting back to you guys it's not my
favorite thing to do cool no stress
anymore this is fine
I think if it's a home base tomorrow
also
cool guys is Sunday today Q&A day gobble
girlfriend with me say hi hi she's doing
the question she's picked them let's do
this let's see what you guys have said
first question I don't know if you eat
what you picked I have no idea go Sarah
Jane Brooks says that's my mom
yeah am i next on the list report Oh
first up okay so everybody saying that
that video is fake is 100% not right
that car I didn't buy outright granted
it's on Finance I'd say to mom
no I'm not saying break with the whole
videos like mom I've got you applause
that same as dad but then it's got like
a toy pause thanks for the question mom
I picked some important questions that
people want to know are you ready to say
when is your new merch coming up Oh bang
if you screenshot that or you managed to
see that that is a preview of the new
merch I have a release date for sometime
around the start of next month
so be ready because we're going large
extra small medium extra small small
medium large all the sizes tell them in
three words what how good the new merch
is three two one three would go it's
very nice how do you mean people tell me
also sneezing in yesterday's video it's
all the comments are like you sneezed on
Jake Mitchell's ps4 waits needs snows
snooze need wash yesterday's vlog a
sneeze there too and our house needs why
you don't care about you the cat in your
hair okay convert he's my boy like
versus the day one Bertie is bringing
out some merch he has his own like
little snippet of merch when the mergers
release does that make sense it's going
to be amazing I love Bert is his amazing
followers Instagram its here I love that
boy he's so cool the other one yeah I
love it too but like Bert's birthday one
you had you get these everything what
I'm doing
there's so many questions about kids and
stuff and I feel like maybe your viewers
without young they think you're really
old and I think 20 is when you like have
kids and stuff
but yeah will you ever have kids I know
so how many yes and two or three okay
probably the most popular question Irish
the band for what do you think is I'm
Indies oh my well it depends because
they all follow me on Twitter every
single person that is involved with the
beach I feel like I wanted to tweet
things about certain people before but I
feel like they'll just see it and then
I'm going to fall out with people and I
hate falling out with people but then I
do have my own opinions on still okay
okay wait I am iPhone game edit okay I
need something a little bit more
specific than getting it real do I think
it's real partly yes and partly no I
think some aspects of the beef are 100%
real and some aspects of it aren't real
whatsoever what do you think about
what's going on YouTube in general much
the other general debate is distract
epidemic that's happening right now and
clickbait epidemic just everything all
in one what is going on with YouTube at
the moment because it is absolute date
okay so in the reason in the recent like
past six or seven months there's been
like a lot of changes in YouTube's
algorithm which have which is
unfortunately brought uprising of
absolutely drost content like content
that takes zero effort to make but gets
millions of views because it has a
really shoddy title and thumbnail that
makes people click on it now I'm not
naming any names this clickbait content
that's just rubbish but it has millions
of views because because it has a good
tightener thumbnail but then there's the
diss tracks which is actually fairly
good content has a high production value
it's to gain popularity like I've seen
people's views again not going to
mention any names but I've seen
youtubers views rise up because there's
been a diss track and I mean rise up
like their views have like quadruple to
what they used to get because they've
made diss tracks right I think that is
just really weird another
pathetic oh I love the dish drugs I
think they're brilliant I mean actually
brilliant but I don't it gets to the
point where you think the beef are
behind the diss tracks but the point of
making a diss track is to diss somebody
but if you're not really dissing them
you're just doing it to get used by ie
it's all plastic then that's quick they
yeah because there's no there's no
substance to it this is certainly video
is nothing to debate now I get a lot of
comments now that say Alex why you like
turning into a clickbait youtuber and
I'm not turning into a clickbait
youtuber I'm not doing that I'm trying
to do something else and trying to do
something else is trying to stay
relevant trying to stay actually
clickable because everybody else on
YouTube is making like they're doing
daily vlogs but they're not actually
daily vlogs they're just skits of like
dropping plates on the floor and stuff
and I find that hilarious but it's not
necessarily a daily vlog about what
you're doing with your life
that's a skit the two totally separate
things and it just makes the rest of
everybody doing anything relatively
normal in their life kind of irrelevant
because me and lot of other people would
rather watch something that's just fun
right not a daily vlog and youtubers
they've taken to you out of it and now
there's about all of these channels that
have got millions of subscribers but
then behind those new subscribers is a
production company not a single creator
and it's taken the whole you out of
youtube now it's just like a it's all a
money-making scheme and it's really
really really sad to see that the actual
you disappear from YouTube because
that's what it looks like to me it's
just all like a money-making scheme and
it's not very good yeah it's just a tube
the money flows through you have like
you have clickbait content then you have
like people try it you have you trying
to get people to click on your video
it's like you trying to get people to
click on your video and then click bait
and then mislead it well I think I try
sometimes to get people to click on my
videos as a title because of course I
want people to watch my videos but I'm
not going to necessarily put something
the title that's not in the video I've
never done that before I don't think I
think you can have an embellished
exciting title as long as the videos
good where's your laptop and go on your
YouTube account that's logged in and
just read me some of the titles that
come up in your subscriptions but then
I'm not subscribe to I have that
hitter's is that I make you know when
you really like someone
we also kind of embarrassed that you
liked it ma do you not have that
no okay I don't like lies Akashi or
everyone anything that's not
embarrassing I'm right for that better
chat a lot of people I really like are
like that the like old-school realism
propagate some proper clickbait one yeah
they are 84 sensationalizes now
everything is sensation all encapsulated
yeah they all screams at you because it
has to because that is like they
wouldn't let me in the hospital more
crazy sex questions bracket explicit and
of course
clickbait is kind of irrelevant if you
enjoy somebody's content like if you if
you click on a video and you just
genuinely enjoy what you've seen right
what's the problem
yeah Jame as long as it like clickbait
is cool because everybody does it you
have to do it to stay relevant
but then what isn't cool is misleading
point something in the title of the
video which isn't actually in the video
you can exaggerate a title and click
bait a video but like that couldn't let
you know that's not misleading somewhat
misleading somebody is the bad thing not
exaggerating something I love for the
ones about me to the end
this is everywhere but they asked about
me ok ok do you see a future with Maria
we're going to go and eat some cake
after this so yeah my future tomorrow
and tomorrow yeah maybe next week and
yeah I mean we're going on a whole day
in September sorry
yeah my phone when are you proposing to
Maria
so guys I think you've enjoyed today's
kill vlog I've just arrived back at that
house I'm not saying with Maria tonight
because I've stayed with her like the
last two nights and I've got to go nice
and early in the morning it's Monday
gotta smash the start of the week as you
guys know to an awesome chill blog today
one thing I missed out today I didn't
vlog it I was picking up something
wanted to include it at the end of the
vlog you guys know we've already got
Billy bill I didn't brass but today guys
I picked up Harvey Harvey's bat so we've
got two little woofers well one little
wolfram one one fairly large woofer here
right then guys I'm going to go ahead
and end today daily vlog here I will see
you tomorrow for another daily vlog it's
a start of the week tomorrow Monday so
let's absolutely smash it let's all do
it together all of us guys as a
collective all motivated let's do it as
usual guys might as well likes you guys
been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling do all the stuff that it says on
the end card I'm trying to get 500k
before Christmas let's rock this new
outro song together guys let's do
Oh
