oh my god you can hear it burning they
were had it wet something takes so much
longer than you think it would I spent
five and a half hours editing
yesterday's vlog five and
we'd tell anyone about this before we go
ahead and unbox the box
I'm just doing a snap can people I'm
doing this twice a week over my snapchat
account Martha snap it's going to run
them twice a we belong going to let you
guys know on snapchat and I'm going to
be giving away either 10 pounds or $15
iTunes steam gift card or Google Play
and only happening with snapchat me you
liking or leaving a comment on one of
the videos and you're entered that's
pretty much it
I've literally just picked the winner
chance rocks color by the way you made
the blog / congratulations do the other
way guys let's address the boxes on the
box which is this but I like boxes but
actually out with my dad yesterday I
went to pick up the new car with him the
Porsche 911 Carrera 4 and the energy is
picking up the car with dad I had a call
on my phone well my doorbell goes to my
phone right so someone rings the
doorbell it comes on my phone anyways
because a long story short I answered
the doorbell right on my phone FedEx guy
I knew was out and got puzzle foyer I
was like really
so this parcel has been searching a long
time coming that I just totally forgot
about it was meant to come a while back
hi guys I'm going to go ahead and end
the vlog here if you enjoy the light
racing will be on joking what is that
what's going on Alex is just a
PlayStation 4 no no no this isn't any
PlayStation 4 the report stated thing
out of the box and just want to go ahead
and say a massive massive massive shout
out to split graphs I really appreciate
these guys over there to do absolute
bits and I just I love them over there
personally that is just giving away a
little bit of an inkling as to what
might be in this box this isn't just a
standard PlayStation 4 so obviously I
mentioned this is a PlayStation 4
obviously I mentioned the word slick
wraps or the name slip ups and bang them
to tell yourselves you guys thinking
like it is a wrap console yeah we've
seen this before I can go and sit wraps
and I can order a wrap from my console
what's your point Alex this is business
and done before no wait till you see
this now here we go we'll do this
together I haven't opened this or
fingers in person myself the 3 2 1 I'd
only work with a company that I actually
like right here we go oh no this is a
different PlayStation ah this is awesome
I don't even ever want to show you guys
this yet I gotta text him and tell him
not to watch the vlog bro don't watch
tonight vlog it looks like we've got
some more stuff arriving from slick rap
this this is for a certain someone
special a certain someone gaming felt
that I'm making so Jake actually
recently released a track or a song he
has one song out whatever YouTube is
doing now I was going to go run to
Jake's house and make his setup make him
a full on gaming stuff you guys know
been watched it the series for a while
making over youtubers setups 3 2 1
this is a PlayStation 4 Jake I'm sorry
cause you guys can see we've got this
awesome real wood finish on here and
then there is actually the same wood but
just a darker shade of it with the
echoes logo and look at the detail on
this either cut position proper work
rather than guys I've gone in the head
Jake's ps4 down there on the floor hi
guys I apologize about the noise outside
every kind of text through saying that
the marathon is run or half Martin is
running outside the office tomorrow at
the setting up the cones and stuff
Jake's PlayStation 4 Jake's custom
gaming computer in that one monitor to
monitor Jake you're going to have a
setup of dreams my friends it's going to
be amazing two of them next to each
other with his computer and ps4 actually
buzzing the number one to make the setup
and number two to kick off the main
channel with that new series let me know
guys what youtuber you think we should
tackle after Jake my girlfriend maybe
some food
Thank You girlfriends smart okay yeah oh
my god you can hear it burly deep enough
I don't like that much so it's a hold it
work what you got the right angle yeah I
can hear a fire yes because aspire about
four centimeters from my ear hole what
was that what was that always work it
wasn't meant to do yeah this makes me
want soft in the hardened LX which
everybody to Expedia actually well that
was what I did say hey he's gonna be
selling the chordae all day hi darlin
filling okay I like it already
oh yeah that's right set fire to the
Snickers
okay so I've got bass on the office
Lorraine maybe some tea Thank You Maria
say it's okay okay and then we did a
voodoo magic candle which is meant to
hit the air outside your ear but I don't
think it did
that wasn't stuff to burn and had a
bonfire that was fun and now we're here
hi Alex please take your email from
something clothing it for a business
enquiry a free I can't read that
that's awesome wait a minute that's
wicked look at that
thanks for email guys if anybody can
read that there it is I will check out
your email by the way there's the pear
vodka just you want to send something
okay so it's a custom photo I have no
idea what it means like zero idea what
does that mean it's like you can you
know the game you hear on your phone and
you write out what the symbols mean no I
mean yeah do you write so here you go
right so hey guys stay open keep smart
about that Wow
you're like I had an idea to make this a
while ago and I finally got around to
putting it together I spend quite a lot
of time in it so I hope you like it
I leave you to find out what the icons
in the picture represents over there but
it and I was like what is that like it
must mean something it you genuinely
actually does Amir from psych psych tech
on YouTube thank you for that one that
is wicked
I hope you all right bye guys I'm going
to go ahead and jump into bed I'm going
to end it today's a blog hey I'll do hit
you've enjoyed guys if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog I was out with my dad
and we went to pick up a new car it was
absolutely awesome Singh checked out
here if you don't subscribe the channel
guys I'm trying to hit 500k before
Christmas any help would be appreciated
you can subscribe here I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog a da
ms/ms good night
Oh
Oh
