okay guys so today is the day that I've
realized that I need a haircut
yo yo yo bro the men booked a haircut
okay what do you think that puts also
today is the day first before we start
today's vloggers want to safety not
subscribe to the channel make sure you
are subscribed in notifications on I'm
trying to hit 500,000 subscribers on my
second channel this one my vlogging
channel before Christmas quite an
ambitious goal something I need
everybody's help to multi pans we got
this
but yes today's the day now this what's
happening today was meant to actually
happen yesterday but unfortunately I
have to get down to London for like a
really important meeting about cyber
attacks and stuff so I've sort of
postponed it all to today so now today
is here let me explain what's going down
okay so as you guys and has been
watching the vlogs recently I've been
referring to the house that I'm living
in at the moment as the team 11 house as
just a bit of a laugh and a joke I
realized I've rinsed that a little bit
too much so I'm going to stop that now
however the reason I've been calling it
the team 11 house is because I'm living
here by myself at the moment which is
great ii have friends around with
girlfriends on branding it's awesome now
this isn't actually my house like I live
here with my family and I've got a lot
questions I Alex where's the family and
I said that they're on holiday and they
are you guys also say Alex we never see
your dad like he's never in the videos
enough because well he spends a lot of
time abroad is not just abroad and whole
day though he's always like away from
England working on something yesterday
evening he just arrived back in England
for a little while now here in the UK my
dad drives a Peugeot 208 right I think
it's a to away it's a GTI you guys have
seen it on the driveway I think this
this is his current car I had an
opportunity a couple months back to sort
something out and forgot a long story
short I bought my dad a new car it's not
finished yet all I've done is actual
miracles of wrapping that was the video
that Porsche sent me a couple weeks back
when the car just arrived at the
showroom
and the good news is is ready to be
picked up so I'm going to go to my dad's
office collect him
take him to the Porsche dealership and
show him his new car we're going to need
we're going to need GoPros so guys my
dad's doesn't know that I'm going to get
him a car I had to tell him because well
because all the paperwork and stuff they
had to go through in insurance and stuff
obviously I've taken care of everything
else he also doesn't know when we're
going to pick up the car or what car is
going to be so today I've told him but
it's really annoying me that I don't get
to see him very often so what I'm doing
is while I've booked a table for a
restaurant so we're just going to have
some food and talk about upcoming event
that I want to do an upcoming event that
involves us taking our cars around track
the reason I got to tell him that is
because well so he brings his paperwork
with him for his cars like it insurance
details and stuff I'm hoping he doesn't
put two and two together no further ado
let's go pick him up from his office Oh
God alright my dad is running up from
his office now we just went to get in
the car quick quick quick
from free boy from free that's what I
would have said to the young me to come
to feel I grew up just a little fad
sometimes I wish I look like me still
poor it up and keep it lit the friends
that I came up there move sailing like
he on the ship prepare to turn right
we don't worry about it
now just editing this now he just
definitely saw the sat-nav didn't he
just definitely saw the destination of
the sat-nav but at this point in the
journey you could see where the
destination was on the map so I don't
have to put two and two together at this
point as your car what is that like your
pleasure look I put in a lot please make
it physical simple into the porch coach
yeah and I want to show you a car
Barbour is like a Boxster but I think
I'm going to get after this and they've
got it in this show now the same sauce
do not want to get into the porridge is
gone right just literally walked vapor
just just walk straight that is this one
I wanted to show you I just kind of like
the electric blue on that about the
black wheels and I do like the black
wheels cuz it matches the black air
intakes this is the one that I kind of
liked it has the books that s magic it's
not an end
so it's like it looks like how do the
busybody care and everything
not the afterlife yeah just literally
super bring suit capability going for
the dealer to come out of his office my
dad has gone up and he loves with some
other cars as soon as I see the dealer
starting to come out his office
I'm gonna have to quickly go to my dad
and tell them to go outside right that
car isn't real reason about you're here
don't go out the front
you
in flame okay now we've got going to do
is going to the paperwork okay pretty
much is working to complete all of the
paperwork and all the boring stuff and
then we're ready to drive it away just
let you know they have an iPad Nintendo
to read yes available for your use
okay so she's about to the car get
that's paperwork out for him because he
didn't realize that well I told him to
bring his paperwork with him because
they wanted to discuss like doing an
event with him like a car racing event
asset to me needed to bring all of his
car paperwork obviously it wasn't to
discuss anything with that it was so he
can get his new car they left it in here
dad what do you think very very Saturday
just pulled it round initial thoughts in
three words no five words I guess we're
kind of bleep awesome
hey give it a rest
yeah Oh again I tried video in my dad
but number one is lost for words and
number two that not to hike with me
videoing in the Porsche carriage so I
tried to get as much as I can we signed
all the paperwork off dad has now got
the keys to his new Porsche I think it
came as a little bit of a surprise but
now I'm going to go spend some time with
him let's go have some lunch together
I think the GoPro on the front of my car
and try and get some try and get some
shots of the the new car
ah
through the guys got his gone bags to
his office in the car I've arrived back
the path of mine hopefully we can have a
problem around the car later when he has
finished his days work it was super hard
to film at the actual Porsche garage its
Celtic as this well the dealer was with
us he was such a nice guy and he let me
do like a little cinematic thing of the
car whilst it was still at the Porsche
garage but they seen us at the garages
they want you've gone as soon as
possible so they can attend with new
customers coming in and hopefully what
make a sale I'll start a little bit weak
has long had me breakfast and I've been
to the gym this morning because I knew
that was going out for lunch with dad
saw bin for lunch with dad right let's
go home when I was actually at the
initiative hurling my phone was going
off telling me there was someone at my
front door at the house door we answered
it on the phone and delivery guy was
there with like two massive boxes I was
like dude leave them on the doorstep so
I hope nobody's stolen them I kind of
need to go back and see and see what's
going down we go say hi to Billy this is
well Billy the dog you guys have seen
him before
in staying with us for a little while
here how okay for a couple of weeks
aren't you bill yeah any problem is
Billy doesn't like the cats and the cats
don't know the only problem is Billy
loves the cat the cat they don't like
this so they're staying locked in here
for now and hey Betsy you didn't read
that
no way what are you doing here
this is taken a long time to arrive and
I mean a long time and it's delayed a
few videos that I want to make I'm gonna
go be insurance rather what is actually
inside that box because this is what it
is it's lighter than I thought it was in
a day we'll find out tomorrow because
well content and plus I'm buzzing I want
things to look forward to life's path
with little surprises
yeah guys the weather today is
absolutely horrible Bert has come and
joined me upstairs right I was going to
go make some food but my friend Lucas
hit me up he's like yo alexander's I
said yo yet but it's Friday the
traffic's really bad what they're doing
the traffic's bad this here we are guys
just arrived back home from Nando's with
Luke and the car the car is here so I
thought we could take a look around it
together this is it here my dad has
owned a Porsche in his spare time he's
already had a 911 so I thought I'd go
for the 911 Carrera 4s which pretty much
means it's a four-wheel-drive car but
the thing is with the Porsche four-wheel
drive system is that it only uses all
four wheels of the car like literally 2%
of the time and you can't change it and
put it in four-wheel drive it decides
itself intelligently if I was thinking
if it's using only like two percent at
the time what's the point in getting the
four-wheel drive very well number one
the four-wheel-drive variant is a little
bit lower also makes the backend of the
car a bit wider and that 2% of time that
it's talking about is generally when
you're accelerating so all the power
this car can have it will feed it
through all four of the tires just when
accelerating and that's just to make
sure you don't get any wheel spin so
let's take a look inside though in here
my dad's not a massive music fan at all
I only listen to the radio but I got him
a Bose sound system it was like the
stock sound system then the Bose and
then another one on top of that but I
just thought it'd be overkill to the
Bose is fine I asked my dad what his
favourite will be either black or red
interior I just said if you could have
the interior of a car either black or
red what would you have any said black
so I went for the black but then they
also got the white trimming so as you
can see all around the car the trim is
white I think it's just really nice and
just MIT doesn't make it boring so it
actually has a 4G SIM card built into
the car which is absolutely awesome so
you can actually go into apps and access
things like Twitter or get your flight
or train info or even look at the
weather I thought this one was really
cool so you can actually get on the caps
you can get the fuel prices of nearby
fuel station but that's not what you
guys are here for let's just
like this thing into sport now it's a
brand new car with brand new cars meant
to break them in so you're not meant to
actually lay down the full throttle
enjoyed this little vlog of me doing
this with my dad I see comments all the
time Alex why should dad never witness
because he's like never in England like
he's always out and darting about and
doing things actually on his way to the
airport right now so this car is pretty
much just going to be sat here doing
nothing and I can see the clients
already Alex take it for a spin Alex go
out in it no I'm not allowed to there's
no way I'm getting insured on that if I
can get insured on one of these things I
get one for myself but there it is still
prefer my car they alright guys I've got
to get ready for work anyway yeah Friday
night I've got a job on the scene you
guys know there's nest smoke alarm
things you know the smoke alarms but
like the smart one
by a company called in there one of my
customers who I supply internet for has
just ordered 13 nest smoke alarms and
they want them all around their house so
I'm installing all of them for them this
evening first to past ready in the
master bedroom
ready ready in the dining room ready in
the entryway ready in the office ready
in the living room
good good good
