good morning guys how are all of you
doing my name is of course Alex guys and
welcome back to another daily vlog
starting in the office this morning guys
because well it's actually closer being
at the office to where I actually need
to go now I've been invited by the
National Lottery good causes with a few
of my other youtube friends to go and
check out the Space Center in Leicester
and I just I just don't know how I could
have said no I'm gonna head there it's
about hour drive so I'll see you guys in
the air take about 40 minutes to drive
down today so I think this is gonna be
really really fun so the center's main
aspiration here in their main goal is to
make science and actually learning about
space a lot easier and a lot funner for
children so of both children and adults
alike there's loads of stuff here
research taken out by the University of
Leicester and also less this county
council has shown the kids that have
taken part in the activities
to visit have achieved higher grades in
science and space subjects in school
which is which is really really awesome
over here wait a minute I've even got an
automatic green screen yeah this is it I
think I need my good pal Elmo films to
coming out more with this guys this is
what we call the weather part right and
I'm here and I've got to read the
weather apparently good morning as we
move into the evening it's going to be
another night here what would we share
an outside in 15 seconds
thanks I'm not doing it I'm not I'm
going out when I was younger I remember
just learning to be a just a bit of a
pain but here it's just really really
fun and I thought you were ready to give
up so also got a few of my other youtube
friends here with me today hello
okay so this is an actual virtual ride
where this thing actually moves
so guys the main reason I'm here today
is actually because of the National
Lottery and I want to tell you guys a
few little few little things as to how
they help out with things like this so
the National Lottery do this thing
called the National Lottery good causes
and essentially in a nutshell what
happens is when people play the national
lottery a percentage of all the money
that goes into that gets poured into
projects like this educational stuff
sports centers and one of them is where
exactly where I am today the Space
Center and it's absolutely so the fact
of the National Lottery actually fund
things like this and make things like
this happen encourage things like this
to happen all over the UK and it's all
going back to National Lottery good
causes and doing good and actually
putting money towards educational things
sporting facilities and just absolutely
awesome places like this this is like a
massive bubble but I'm in right now by
the way
you know what guys to be fair that was
pretty sweet
it really enjoyed that morning it was
awesome seeing elf traffic guys on the
way back was an absolute nightmare it's
really put me behind for today because
today guys we've got a job on and
whenever we've got a job on I need to
wait for assistant Luke but guys while
I'm waiting for assistant Luke I bought
my gym kit and a change of clothes I'm
gonna go work quick run a few moments
later
ladies and gentlemen the server rack has
arrived guys actually huge
okay so my label maker isn't working I
think it's out of ink and that was the
last thing I wanted to do today was to
label all of my creations so far but
people think and Alex what have you
created well guys this is my server wrap
so guys I did go ahead and tell all of
you that I was going to be doing some
sort of a loft conversion now this is
the start of it in the main reason that
I wanted to convert the loft kick you
out put a carpet in here yes I know it's
a mess Luke and I have made an utter
disgrace of this place but it will all
be tidy once we're finished as you can
see guys this is my server rack so this
is going to run the entirety of my
Wireless ISP my wireless internet
service provider business and a rack is
a really professional way of mounting
all of your network hardware as you guys
can see and here it has these rails as
to which you can mount cert and things
like power bars cable management anybody
thinking Alex what are you actually
gonna put in there well the entirety of
my wireless network which is plastered
across this board is going to be neatly
stored inside of this server rack as
well as well all of this network up here
my switch cloud key and the router on
the wall so all of that should fit in
here now this is the thing that I
unboxed in the vlog the other day this
is the UPS so if the power goes out to
this unit right here it will keep
everything that's plugged into this will
still run for at least a couple of hours
Luke and I've also installed a double
socket and then also a socket down here
too we've been working all afternoon on
this you close it up it has a key a lot
and a glass panel to see everything and
what I'm gonna do well because it's me
is install an LED strip down there and
an LED strip down there on the inside of
this so all of that in there should
light up and look awesome and I'm going
to be running all the network
Abel's up to my radios which are
currently just well through this piping
here along the top just so nobody can
tamper with them when I move out of this
house or hopefully no rats or anything
can get to them so guys we haven't
finished but Luke and I have made a
brilliant brilliant star and just for a
frame of reference this thing is that
big yes
I didn't get it on video but I actually
got inside of this thing and Luke sort
of well he locked it I can fit in there
and I'm not very big but just sort of
well it shows the scale of that thing
but for now guys my name's Ben I like
you guys have been awesome I really hope
you've enjoyed today's daily vlog if you
did guys a lot rating would be awesome
and that's brilliant because I'll be
seeing you tomorrow and if you didn't
hopefully I'll make a better vlog
tomorrow for those of you that didn't
enjoy it so hopefully I'll see you there
but for now guys mines Ben I like you
guys have been awesome guys stay up and
keep smiling and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's day vlog guys a little lower
than the Angels
