giorno what really inspired me this
morning getting up super super early
getting on a train and coming down to
London and seeing the absolute insanity
that is the London morning rush
especially on the Underground seeing
everybody hustling through that that was
inspiring anyway guys 9:00 a.m. arrived
in London but our meeting which is going
to take up a large portion of my day
talking about cyber attack to a large
group of people here in London my
meeting today is in the National Crime
Agency to see why I'm kind of a little
bit nervous I got this though so then
you put in together in your head that
you're getting this abuse because you
shared these images that make sense yeah
London meeting finished all done why not
try and do something a little different
yeah I'm talking about this box I'm
going to set myself a little project
three guys I've got a project that I
want to work on I've got the Corsair one
and the Corsair lap dog mouse and
keyboard down there but then the key
part to all of this is what's in this
box let's get back to the ranch and
let's see if we can make this a reality
right hopefully this will make sense
when I tell you guys what this is it's a
portable monitor
it could be powered by USB a plan is
today to build the ultimate gaming setup
the most powerful gaming setup ever seen
in a moving vehicle where you can also
game online challenge accepted but we're
not going to attempt the challenge until
the car is clean so hopefully fingers
crossed we're all good for Internet and
we've got power let's move in the brain
the corsair wom pro now the keyboard and
mouse
now the monitor know oh it is the HDMI
to reached it oh it's not long enough
here we go guys technically now this is
the moment of truth so on the back of
the passenger car seat we have a 1080p
portable monitor which is getting power
from the USB ports on the Corsair lapdog
keyboard and mouse set a lap dog
keyboard a mouse that is plugged into
the course that one which is seeing here
in the back of the car which is
connected via ethernet to our wireless
router for internet green is there would
put an HDMI extender on the screen which
plugs it into the course they want this
is the moment of truth this is where we
see if this turns on and comes to life
this is going to be amazing if it does
question there's the power everything is
plugged in this is the moment of truth
three two one come on please turn on
please oh no wait a minute is it gonna
work is it gonna is it no way no way the
keyboard others this is too good this is
too good I genuinely thought this wasn't
going to work whatsoever wait a minute I
know I forgot about sound look one in
there and plug in the course that one
what am i doing my life auxilary set the
car to auxilary haha way look I've got
internet wait a minute do we have sound
Spotify play
Oh No you're the Harman Kardon spell
system on the job regardless doesn't
deserve elaborating I have no idea what
does uh no there's not day right okay
guys you downloading the update for
player and known battlegrounds on the
car Wi-Fi on the course I won I'm
starting the back of the car we've got a
full-blown mechanical Corsair keyboard
in tiny little 1080p screen it looks
fairly squished but the viewing angle is
it's alright right guys I'm going to go
to the gym and by the time I'm back they
should be finished and we will see we
will see if this works right guys I've
just got back for the gym halo this is
what Sun on listen to in the car buzz
that fry guys back from the gym I'm
absolutely buzzing to see if this work
should we just do it should we just see
if we can do this in the car oh you
don't want instead no no no let's start
let's start the car let's go take a
little Drive hook up somewhere random
and then see if it works and I'm not in
my driveway and you guys there's no
loopholes involved in it area guys this
look good enough I'm literally in the
middle of absolutely nowhere down down
track right let's see if we can do this
yeah we're at a stop here okay I can't
need the car lights on that's a bit
scary there we go dodge you guys can see
I'm in the middle of absolutely nowhere
okay so we've got two bars of signal on
the router and it's four G so this
should be good enough
guys he's absolutely sick so we need to
set the car to auxilary so here's the
keyboard we've got our mouse when the
monitors on I've got okay I've got
Internet log into steam violet of
Spotify and see if I've got sound first
oh my god okay we've got sound isn't
gonna load are we gonna let oh um no way
this is honestly sick look it's coming
out of the hole of my car right let's do
this let's put all the settings on Ultra
I'm in a game I'm in a game already
there's four genes good enough it must
be good enough I feel like I should
really be believing this but I am
believing it is why it's working this is
working on my way I'm playing pop G I'm
trying to prove you guys look at this
replace book G the car in the car
I can't get over this I can't get over
it is working against the point in the
minute where it's going to drain my car
battery and it just going to alter nor
like something's going to go like
seriously wrong with the sound system in
this car you can sound hoarse so well
like if someone's coming up I've caught
them already guys the sound system in
this car is absolutely mad like it's
coming from everywhere whoa
I've got no live on the 4G connection
either like the perfectly playable
experience 25 a 93 in the back of my car
I was just sick 25 of 93 that was
awesome okay guys well this has been my
gaming setup in the back of my Mini
Cooper what do you think let me know
this is awesome rattling guys I'm going
to go ahead and hit the hey right here
right now I had two hours like this -
they've been in luminol today this
meeting I apologize it literally the
meeting was from 9:30 a.m. 10:00 a.m. to
4:00 p.m. right and then it's like takes
like an hour and a half me to get to
than an hour and half to get was crazy
but this has been I've always wanted to
do I just thought you know what I'm
going to do it today and it works so I
hope you guys like usual versus anything
that could improve in the videos please
let me know in the comment section down
below but if you enjoyed it please
remember to smash it with a like rating
guys it really helps me out if you're
not subscribed please subscribe try and
hit 500,000 subscribers on my blogging
channel anyway guys money's not like you
guys videos and click here to watch
yesterday's vlog and here to subscribe
and I'll see you in tomorrow
oh yeah
Oh
