it right so push this upwards very very
slowly the fact swallow guys know since
we did the work in the kitchen here in
the team 11 house is pretty much looks
like my face yet pretty bad TV was off
the wall it wasn't painted properly the
cabinet wasn't in the right place it'll
other men look I've changed it up fixed
it you do suck hell is on the wall
Spotify is open it comes out of these
speakers this one here and there's also
one over here right there loud but this
is the team 11 house my brothers
commended light with music loud
delighted music loud what goes well with
loud music bass bass and lots of it we
need to fix this now there we go over
here I have installed what's called the
Logitech V 5500 surround sound system
now this is a subwoofer and it's monthly
we click play
ah it's vibrating to life bro high-five
boom what you can sound system in here
is it loud
right then dry oh how you doing then
high five
he doesn't lunch no tea no lunch lunch
hello everybody
wave been people be saying to up to me
and that to you as well
we're how do you could be tell them
what's going on bro yeah yeah and what
happened to your ear I'm really bad Erie
so Jacobs got a really bad ear which
means I'm not really allowed to push him
around like do brotherly things with him
because really hurt today go watch this
house call the team 11 right and what
have you seen as you came into the doors
at the team 11 house what's left three
of outside and that takes me yeah and
you said you wanted to go on one of them
didn't you
yeah can I gain trade yeah going to
choose one go go go go go but then
there's this little baby one right it's
a good size for you and also much as
your socks oh my god knows much much
you're a genius there I want to think
about that and then you have one of
these controllers and you push that
forward and then that will propel you
forward how about that yes we give it a
go it's in one house we are full on
safety you swear that bro get it do it
yeah let's go
there's fine he's watching he's going to
watch you not fall off okay promise me
you're not gonna fall off let me show
you what to do sound on it with two feet
on it okay so if you can do that start
with right okay do you want it you want
to go on it that way yep so you're going
to hold this controller I don't touch it
out until I tell you what to do right so
push this upwards very very slowly the
fast you do it oh yeah look and then
just let go
hey hey look at him again I told you you
can't push it down fast you have to do
it very slowly
oh look who's arrived hey bro hey man
writes about thanks good luck you happen
without B first go mate
yeah is that really good dude I'm super
proud of you you're actually turning
when you got down no as well I could
never turn when I got on my first
skateboard like ever and this is your
first electric skateboard you like it
boom
dude I'm so proud of you we'll do it
again like in a few days time so we'll
get you like the first seven-year-old
electric skateboard going yeah Wicky bro
nice to see you my friend how you doing
all right yeah local touch bro what we
doing what we're doing right now why you
come round for drones I think drones you
think drones and then what gym I like
that sound yeah
I think it's time for a quick gym sesh
with Elliot who's swimming the city I
haven't been to the to the proper gym
Bensley knows a little bit little home
gym downstairs but I feel much more
motivated when I go in the gym with with
other people other people to push you
and motivate you even more ting other
people going for their gold means that
well it makes you go for your goals that
makes sense I notice that letting other
people in the gym doing their thing just
really pushes you forward it's a lot
different doing it by yourself so that
further ado let's do this but Elliot
here we've got some nice and today we
both have inspire one first
three guys little white mid-afternoon
evening flight right now all completed
got some nice shots of the sunset which
is now got time for the ship
the guys who set it all down with Eliot
it was only a short one seen them
because I had the jet off the pads come
to the office this evening because I'm
having to prepare a presentation I'm off
down to London really early tomorrow
morning to attend a meeting this meeting
is with a marketing agency we're going
to be talking about ideas ideas to
promote internet safety to teenagers
through technology it's going to be
really fun so we need to prepare like a
short video presentation so guys that is
my powerpoint presentation world's whip
better than a PowerPoint is kind of like
a video things really cool we'll be
speaking in front of a lots of people
about lots of different aspects of well
the main topic being cyber attack but
it's a little bit worrying because I'm
like 20 years old I know I'm speaking
put of this camera to multiple millions
of people each mantra but me personally
sat here right now it doesn't affect me
because it's physically nobody here
watching if that makes sense just like a
camera right there which is really weird
you guys you just see me type your screw
tomorrow I'm going to be raising a lot
of tomorrow I'm going to be raising a
lot of intellectual points to a group of
a lot of older people and I get a lot of
questions all the time saying Alex how
can you be confident in this situation
in that situation in this situation
whatever the way I gain confidence when
I'm feeding nervous about something is
to speak that doesn't mean fake it to
other people just fake it to yourself
you have to convince yourself you have
to convince whatever is inside there you
have to convince whatever's inside there
that you can do it and you are more than
capable to finish the job all down to
you you need to convince yourself and
only you can do that by the way you guys
are going to see these Mars bars slowly
disappear off his desk one by one just
one thing to bear in mind when you see
them disappear tommy banging on a sofa
I point midnight snack because I thought
of you up at 6:30 a.m. see why I love
LEDs so much like you just do so many
cool things and things just look so much
they can take something that looks cool
and make it look 10 times cooler just
for some LEDs you know I'll do just for
you guys I'll put a link to an LED strip
just a box under LED strip in the
description and if you've one of mine
energy strips go by the link it will be
fine anyway guys Milo's knifes you guys
been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll catch you in
oh by the way check out yesterday just
believe
