so guys I've probably got a little bit
of explaining to do
but first hopefully all you guys alright
welcome welcome back to another daily
vlog now I think it's fairly evident
what all of this explaining is about but
I've got to do Alex why do you load
yesterday what is going down pretty much
this whole weekend this past weekend has
been an eventful summer in the city it
was one of the most amazing events I've
been to as regards to meeting you guys
not the actual event itself regardless
of that I got very little sleep because
of what happened over the weekend it was
manic I woke up yesterday and kinda just
felt really ill I had a load of work
that I needed to do as well and I just
didn't want to record a vlog because
they just thought it would be rubbish so
it's okay guys I'm all back nothing
serious has happened I'm okay now let's
what the movie news on today because
well the web
Oh
Alex Oh Brooks Mars bar sorry it's at
the office open on camera okay I always
get mental it's not nice right people
teach you subscribers whatever you guys
want to call yourselves my family the
Marcy pants coming to my property ie my
office on my house I'm a daily vlogger
my life is out in the public domain I
understand that I know it's my fault
please respect my privacy and don't come
to my public places I know my office is
right in the center of town so I'm more
than happy for you guys to wait around
my office if you want but whatever you
do please don't annoy the other staff
that work in this office please looks
like somebody has given this box to I
don't know
so this guy knows he says Alex I'm
really sorry that I've left this in your
office but I was waiting here all day
and you didn't arrive so I've left this
he must've left it on the doorstep or
something someone's brought it out enjoy
them enjoy the Mars bars I haven't had a
mars bar it's so long
alright so good
oh my god so many Mars bars right on the
real gas just what you say about the no
vlog yesterday not trying to make
excuses or anything but just to pass a
little bit of maybe a little bit
inspiration to you guys so you guys know
what the channel here I always strive
for doing my best and for everybody to
do that to work their hardest well
they're all into everything but here's
the thing where I especially if you get
ill and you work yourself too hard you
can end up putting yourself out of the
game for a longer time I learned that
the hard way I broke my toe so guys if
you're ever feeling like that don't
damage yourself repair yourself
prepare yourself to be better oh my God
look at it look at it it smells of it
smells of sulfur in this live streaming
room we can chill out this way good
chill out this way hold up a second guys
let me show you something this is the
ultimate gaming station oh yes we've got
the Corsair lapdog
we got the dolby atmos sound bar the
Dolby Atmos subwoofer the 55 inch bezel
as 4k 55 inch HDR 10 super thin TV you
got the Corsair one beast gaming PC
these things are still only on pre-order
we got the sofa sexy lighting and this
is what I can see and guys please bring
mine just as a frame of reference I
found these images we have turned this
yeah this into this and we're not even
finished
well they're looking that game of poop
she got interrupted because the do some
serious work I need to get on with need
to finish up editing a climb video but I
started yesterday once that's done I'm
all Gucci but first I want to talk about
something something absolutely
incredible now guys this is also a
massive reason as to why I didn't upload
yesterday because I'm trying to finalize
all of this and get it prepared for you
guys are you ready so you guys know
right the LG you know LG these guys
these ones are a massive part of the
channel they've been helping us out now
and again they hit me up yesterday said
yo Mars bar how are you doing my friend
I said I'm fine white cracker lucky it's
me they want to collaborate on a mental
giveaway so I said well explain yourself
below with you because we know you love
your setups and stuff and we know also
that you look giving stuff awareness ed
heck yes to both of those things two
cuts the chase LG what is going on I
said well listen we want to give away a
ten thousand dollar gaming setup and
then a load of other prizes for a load
of other people too that don't win the
$10,000 gaming's helped these include
things like the three the three
runners-up to the $10,000 gaming setup
will get a $2,000 full-on gaming setup
which is still mad and then the week
after that six people they're gonna win
one of these monitors one of these ones
these are LG's brand new curved gaming
monitors I haven't managed to test mine
out yet but I will be these are the
monitors that I'm gonna be putting in
Jake Mitchell's help when I eventually
do it and then even if you don't win the
monitors they're also giving away 50 50
$50 steam vouchers yeah Matt what is
10,000 plus 6000
brioches well gia calling the 2017 ultra
wide which is one of these monitors but
ultra wide festival called dream quest
Matt ting now I'm gonna drop a link to
this in the description but when you go
to the link you'll find out that there's
actually quests that you have to
complete to enter this three quest
depending on whether you want the
full-on gaming to help the steam
vouchers or these monitors and
whole thing is going to be judged by
Austin Evans right and Linus tech tips
Linus Sebastian from Linus tech tip
could we eww to be dirt road festival
calm visit the link I'll drop it in the
top bar the description for you guys as
soon as LG came to me and said that I
was like you know what these guys
they'll love it hopefully that's good
enough for you guys for a giveaway well
honestly guys so lucky to have this
opportunity so you guys work all
finished time to head out the office by
the way unnamed person fan subscriber ID
thank you for the mouth bars I'm
definitely gonna get five in fact I
probably shouldn't leave them there
because I am I am just going to eat them
sweet guys all back home now is
absolutely awful today I'm not even sure
what's happened with this weather is
horrible
maybe in here we'll find all tucked away
there are no it's not the other one
honestly look this is how much my cat
loves me Bertie but literally gee boy
you're the og my boy Bradley getting paw
prints all over my kitchen floor bro
we'll pick you up man dry your feet on
your little mat low that's wishful know
oh my god just looking at my setup and
just thinking it like it's probably not
it's probably just shy of about ten
thousand dollars like all of this stuff
these are LG's biggest all tried
monitors that they do and I've got three
of them that sit next to a 23 inch
screen and that is the ultra wide it's
honestly I've got two PRK speakers there
and then the K R case of woofer under
there and now to be fair definitely when
I get my new PC at insomnia which I'm
hoping to see you guys at cheeky plug
and the setup will probably be worth
about ten thousand so in a sense I'm
almost giving away this setup if that
makes any sense whatsoever with LG the
first place winner will be something of
this caliber so good luck to everybody
that enters and I wish you the best of
luck right I need to pick out a shirt
because I'm going on a date tonight
awesome guys we're all looking cover and
I going out for a few drinks this
evening we've got like a table booked I
like this club thing's gonna be pretty
sweet putting a lot of time with Marie
recently because she's going back to
University soon which absolutely
absolutely sucks I have to give a zero
in Manchester like once every other week
or something so trying to spend now as
much time as I can with her before she
goes back up to Manchester to go to
university so you guys phone keys wallet
but you best be the tiger that I know
you are my friend and protect the house
while I'm gone my friend bro can you do
that for me bro can you I've talked to
you guys about a major mental giveaway
we're doing which is awesome wicked
today has been really cool we need to
get back on my grind after summer in the
city wait a minute sorry guys I need to
make it to Maurice Maurice say hi I
needed to tell you guys that well that's
it now we're starting this it's it's in
there it's to crack down to make more
videos this week and crack on after sit
sir
however it's called somewhere in the
city I'm not that Indy I can't really
pull that off but the next event as I
told you guys is insomnia only there
only there I stress only there on the
Saturday bear in mind I am
live-streaming all day for ROG and
Corsair those guys but I will be able I
will be able to meet you guys they'll be
a queue but I will be able to write I
need to go
you
