a receipt for 84 pounds was found on my
hotel room this morning the after-party
for the after-party the
after-after-party was held in my hotel
room
everybody left nice gate left is bag my
top as all stains down it and this is
the idea of tough I have last night guys
was fairly mental one to be remembered
anyway we need to go annex be on stage
in five minutes
Oh
so guys chill vlog today got the air
pods if you don't know how I've got
these by the way you can't get these
anywhere at the moment did you check out
yesterday's vlog something to do with a
fan meetup yeah fun gave me these mad
you won't even tell me his address to
give these back to him so I assume I'm
just gonna have to keep them thank you
dude
he said he wanted to be unnamed so guys
I have arrived absolument in the city on
the Sunday today chill vogue time
Oh with
right
right so this little girl here called
nevis come up to meet you I'd take a
selfie fuck she's having these plays on
the phone so I'm going to do right let's
go looking and then this is your home
screen choice 41 there we go Austin no
worries hey dude nice to be here all
right governor photo selfie or awesome
and then if we shot the camera I need
take a photo yes so we've got this
absolutely awesome wall in the Facebook
room like and it's like this glass thing
here with all this on the floor but
watch this if I set my camera right bike
around here go like that it looks like a
it looks like I'm trying to climb the
wall
Oh
so for this would be a pretty awesome
place to do a Q&A it's Sunday Alex are
you going to insomnia yes on this
Saturday
just the saturated for the Q&A what kind
of mini do you have and does it have any
upgrade don't have what's called a mini
John Cooper Works and mini japw so it's
not your standard mini it's not even a
mini air support it's a mini John Cooper
Works jcw and if you guys didn't know I
think this is a fact John Cooper himself
used to be like a famous racecar driver
type person there's a lot more history
behind it to that but what I'm trying to
say is the JCW version of a mini is the
fastest version of a mini you can get
like they're pretty beefy 2016 it goes 0
to 60 in 5.9 seconds I think and got 231
brake horsepower just put that together
with how small the car is its rapid what
do you do whenever you get nervous and
you think people will just laugh at you
and give you hey boy what a question I
look at this way right everything I do
including being here recording this Q&A
including me in the thousands of people
that I've met over this weekend
everything I do I do for a reason
there's purpose behind it and that
purpose behind it usually is to try and
make me happy now that seems
self-centered but think about it you're
not going to go out your way that's
going to do something for you that's not
going to make you happy as a person so
if most of the things I'm doing a things
that are making me happy and someone
wants to go and take the mick out of
that all or leave me hate or or do
something why should I care if I'm happy
that's the only thing I need to care
about and in fact if someone's are
leaving hate on somebody else being
happy you're getting enjoyment out of
something then who's the real winner
scrape this claim to pass over twice out
will have will your family gone if it's
your house then why are you looking for
a new one Oh future Alex coming at you
right now I've currently just got home
this is future Alex brand mine like me
but tonight just to prove to you guys
that no one else is living in this house
I thought I just do this I've arrived
back home from London it's currently
almost 1:00 in the morning and hello is
anybody in hello team eleven yeah
there's no one I'm by myself
okay I'm currently not looking for a
house because my girlfriend is
still at university so if I bought a
house she wouldn't be with me and I
don't need a house all to myself if
everything can Alex why are you in the
house at the moment
by yourself pretty much it's a little
bit of a long story so I'm not really
good or elaborated I'll give you this
simple version my family has a few
houses in different countries and they
like to spend a lot of their time at set
houses but I don't really like to go out
there I find it more fun doing this and
being in the UK what were your first
part-time - summer jobs pot wash I
washed pots in a pub what is your
Domino's order only the Pizza legend
called the mighty Mars what is your
inspiration and what is pushing you
forward every day well being productive
and being happy as long as I can take
those two boxes preferably together I'm
doing something right in my eyes I think
that'll do for this Q&A because that
that is just gorgeous do that guy that
he's striving for his goals running into
the sunset always set your goals and
always remember them write them down
the event finished I'm in a multi books
between Sunday and on Sunday the trains
are really really limited come on for a
quick meal now because that majesty
anything today so big deal Damien you
guys and go around the event and then
the q and A's and everybody there's n mo
home I've got some awesome news for you
guys
it moves but I never thought I'd have a
say
three guys just that guy at home it's
about 1:30 a.m. my train was severely
delayed Lucas my friend Lucas gave me a
lift back from the train station but
senator Luke thank you for watching
which you're obviously you a team 11
member wait a minute need to do
something 30 30
good Carol what's going on why did you
protect the house like the big tiger
that you are brown yesterday just
gorgeous that might help but tell me
after some patches make tell me what
congruence fuck you forever but yet all
you gotta do is follow me very
peacefully through here there's a bit
alike good good but there we go now it's
on no no no no no no bollocks and
they're all happy bro but I'll get you
some proper treats tomorrow for looking
after the house when we grow like a
target I appreciate you so you know this
is honestly like I've been in this house
by myself for such a long time now is it
it's kind of weird
kind of strange is kind of odd and it's
kind of well not really lonely because I
just invite my girlfriend around when
I'm lonely and I'm usually with you guys
which is great because I can walk in it
like wherever time is now at 1:45 a.m.
and just feel like you know it but here
guys is the super awesome news and I
need I need your honest opinions on this
right please put in the comments down
below right and if you want me to do
there's also smushy up a like rating or
something like that just the one that's
pretty much right and pretty tight with
all the members of the sidemen I've
known them all for a very long time
because biggest of them all as a
collective and individually you know on
and off for ages so somebody would chat
with Simon today who I haven't seen for
quite some times had a little bit of
catching one conversation led to another
and we ended up talking about me going
to stay at the Seidman house and then
when the day ended in a lesson I said
bye to Simon who was like yo hit me off
review you know into what you want to do
but what I thought I would do is ask you
guys what do you think it'll be awesome
if I Dave logged out the sidemen house
it will pretty much be the same wacky
vlog tech build whatever but with it but
with a hint of the size meant so let me
know if that is something
you want to see in the future and if it
is all that time you know I suppose I
don't know there you go guys that's the
news I want to see the setup Hey who's
looking sweet wet snow lightweight hey
but guys it's been my Sunday I really
hope you've enjoyed it you have a
lightweight to be also guys didn't check
out yesterday's vlog it was awesome you
can watch it here
you know subscribe to my channel you
watching my face on a daily basis click
here guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog I love you so much
me
