oh maybe I'm taking low right now I got
it okay I wish I could do that
well yeah doing 2017 are you ready okay
so my first this is my first term of the
city ever ever and it's going to be
Mentalist Mary back Lucas thank you have
no way here we go again look at things
like name formula thing for me it was a
big big world the guys the first time
for everything and this is the first
time for two things the first time we're
being I think my microphone is broken
yesterday evening when I tried to vlog
the microphone was just totally just not
working and it's like this is are they
going to sound horrible or sound fine
second thing is that I am on my way
while I'm in London right now I'm on my
way to summer in this city
hi guys I'm Alicia just arrived at from
in the city I really apologize with the
montage I'm still not sure the
microphones working so this blog maybe
post road might be manage to pick up my
path they've asked me to find these
three posters as I come in which I was
designed by a load of creators in there
we go I'm a summer in the city I have no
idea what to expect quick montage
Oh
okay everybody's literally stood right
there this is known as what we call the
creator lounge back in there got your
2017 are you later
forget this kind of mental off you where
they suddenly spot was out earlier
not anymore which tiny so that's my
friend Lizzie I don't mean to love you
you love me yeah I love you seventy and
then in here they can cut a lot of rumor
although braces hang out as you can see
there's like loads of stuff going on I
really know what the think of it it's my
first time in the city so that's it I
need to get some be injury right now
edit right I'm being brushed off too but
like a meet and greet or something I
have no idea what's going on bear with
me it's going to be all weird vlog
I'm waiting by the list I don't think
anybody it's going to turn up a meet and
greet one person and I'm half ecstatic
just the one other that's what I told
you okay apparently we've got a walk
fast all the way down here otherwise me
and especially Morgan is going to get
absolutely mob so let's go go go go go
all the way straight into the edge oh my
God look at all these people little holy
see just look to all the people I don't
know what ah I'm scared oh my god no my
heart is racing right now
just behind these walls the thousands of
people and I'm about to do my meet and
greet
okay I'm literally about to walk out my
meeting greet and meet all the people
that are here and they've chosen to meet
me
oh cool man so cool everybody's there
they're all that oh my god okay
everybody's literally stood right there
so guys all the meats and greens are
down they're all looking sweet Philip
APNIC one going over that a lot of you
guys my old subscribers gave me some for
some little parcels and presents
ourselves I'm going to open those a
little bit later on countless this is
going to be thank you so much for
showing up a bit it's
we started up some of our first you can
thing alright so the man hasn't filled
with sneaking them up oh oh no we're
trying to get into the o2 arena to go
for a Nando's up this event and they're
just like being really bad like trying
to work on getting you didn't make it
through bro look everybody here we're in
the o2 muscle but push the tables
together is going well and finally
because I don't eat anything all day and
it's been for real wedding wedding
rightly guys today has been absolutely
manic first summit in the city ever
here's my quick thought event itself
seems a little bit odd because well when
I go to an event I want to be going and
looking around different things new
things like new technology I don't see
any of that all I see is ride this event
I don't think is for a person like me
and you guys are like me so it's
probably not the event really for you
guys second thing less than 10% of my
audience demographic is girls right but
50% of my meet and greet today was girls
which pretty much tells me that this
event is ran or for more specifically
females the meet and greet was by far
the most organized thing I have ever
done as far as YouTube is concerned and
meeting you guys it was awesome it
lasted about 40 minutes 50 minutes
it was absolutely outstanding seeing you
guys always warms my heart so in my
hotel now that is a little rundown of
the event but a lot of you guys the
collision legend said you were going to
send things to the pier boxes but then
realized that you were meeting me and
brought some gifts to me now one of
these gates they said it was quite
expensive this is really curious that's
their elective in subscribed your
channels for about a year now watch
every video you make and it makes me so
happy I can remember in your eyes one of
my comments ones and I couldn't stop
telling my friends about it even though
it did really
but I just wanted to tell you anyway you
mean the world to me thank you so much
guys our lovely letter and then also on
the back it kind of has like my M logo
which is absolutely wicked and the sort
of like took two pieces that I don't
know what they've done here but it's
awesome
smell this I have no idea what this is
it's in like a weird Tesco bag and been
told not to plug these in by you guys
I'm going to plug it in put this in am a
match just and turn on afterwards
earlier it doesn't blow up my laptop
okay this is fairly legitimate it says
dr alex on the drive so i'm going to
open it and it's that it says just some
of your videos that i've watched and
it's got a list of all of my videos with
the YouTube watch counter I just watched
them from start to finish and then
there's a text file that says Alex I'm
part of notification squads you're my
favorite youtube of all time and I'm
there at 6 p.m. every day I don't know
how but you make your day into a short
movie and I have major respect for you
for that I wouldn't be able to do it
myself you've inspired me so much and I
real you made me realize what you can do
when you put your mind to it ok here
goes nothing this is the box that
so like fully sealed and everything
we've got with some sort of like these
like these are like really really really
expensive like these are just like dad
feels so bad taking this one you guys I
have to send it back I mess it it's
gotta be a joke
wait a minute my just been oh it's all
legit and everything you can't even get
these from Apple is like a six-week
six-week waiting list for these and a
lot of sold out of I wanted to get some
of these but this is actually it I've
never held these before or even touch
them what yo Jack you've got pair
Bearpaw w-what hey dude how are you
waving it so that's so weird I just I
could hear you and you just like you're
coming out but visit that what this is
mad dude like some fun just gave me
these at the meet-and-greet today like
that's mad I've got a messaging I've got
it no I've got to send them back I'll
give a shout-out so that's Maddog is I
don't even know address to send them
back like it's just going to be like a
major shout out but I'm about to do
something on there I don't know I don't
know I have to think about it thank you
for calling me
release the bun or brain warm well I'm
glad we stopped
thank you by the way right now to Matteo
now we
