so I found this box under my bed I
didn't know what was in the box so I
opened it turns out that it was a
Bluetooth speaker I'm a giveaway that I
did about three weeks ago that I forgot
to send out so I'm sending it off now
hopefully very soon your Bluetooth
speaker start of next week dude sorry
for not sending it love doing giveaway
so yesterday he didn't see yesterday's
vlog this happened yeah my ankle
absolutely wrecked I need to go to the
gym this morning not to play squash I
just went in the gym though I my foot I
can't run I can barely walk
I'm alright though don't worry Friday
morning guys almost lunchtime
in the office I've got a little bit work
to do this evening and well this morning
but I'm going to stop us from having an
absolutely awesome vlog today as per
usual compaq dollar oh and speaking of
work we should have arrived yesterday
they've arrived just in time this
morning for my job this evening these
are someone doing some Wireless work is
it boring because let me know guys over
on Twitter if you want me to include my
working things in the blog as well but
for some reason I just think it's
something you guys don't want to see
like me climbing through attic spaces
and using power tools and hey I enjoy it
I'm grinding away and that's what I do
always text everybody like that I don't
want to do it I'm older you guys like
Alex what we're going to do one really
ruin them and my exams isn't what I'm
doing just find something that you enjoy
doing doesn't matter what it is and just
do it just work cut it and then time I
promise you'll get somewhere with it
20 smokes coming to help me remove all
this stuff hey here he is
loose I need your help to get rid of
this club what money it we've got two
cars we can do this in one trip Yeah
right let's do it successful trip to the
skip office cleared out Luke and I've
given background to be or spend some
time in this gorgeous sunshine today
where we live is like 27 degrees outside
absolutely boiling you don't want to be
stuck in the office all day both of our
cars are dirty let's do it is
Lucas good job there looking sweet right
thank you for cleaning the cars are you
going to be my taxi tomorrow morning
I've gotta go all the way to London
tomorrow so you take me to train station
yeah I appreciate that the friends are
key to a good life right Thank You Luke
I appreciate it I need to go right I've
come back into the office this evening
with a fresh pair of eyes pretty much
where I'm at right I've built a sofa
right the sofa is built but I need to
make the so I bought these things right
in a kit pretty much right I built the
sofa you guys get this the faces are
built but you have to put this material
on them to make the sofas look good I
bought all this stuff in a kit
this is explaining how to put the
overlay on the sofa but they don't fit
whatsoever
the sofa is finally complete finally
finally finally plus yesterday evening I
built it the whole wrong way around so
I'm about to read assemble it and then
reassemble it and then I've been able to
put all of these well clothes on and
this is our brand new gray sofa for the
live streaming room one problem
I must have messed up on the measurement
because I thought I've got it all right
but clearly I've got it wrong it's fine
though there's kind of no way to walk in
this room so so it's kind of use can
have to be a sort of like a you know
like it welcome to the live streaming
room type of thing because I mean you
can bend over round here and I can
because I'm small but bigger people but
if you have to do the jump it's going to
be the live streaming room jump will
make all the guests do that at the end
of the stream when we bring guests on
but this is sick
the sofa is finished so so we are guys
office is clear thanks to Luke helping
me out earlier cars are washed sofa is
in it's time to get the cameraman down
ie Jed the Jed etre and get the first
episode filmed unbusy
absolutely buzzing so you guys know that
I'm off to London tomorrow well if you
didn't know I'm at somewhere in the city
which is in London if you didn't know
about someone's in city it's like an
event a YouTube event I've never been to
it before myself first time for
everything
so I'm away all weekend which means I'm
going to miss my wrist so we're going on
a little bit of a date tonight
get out for a quick meal I think I need
to do my hair or something first day
very good guys - look any better
no you look worse Alex tell me who is
looking better than ever though fer i do
bro yeah okay ride again bro I've got a
day wish me look I'm taking the drone
but wish me luck
oh yes fine bird thank you dude cars
looking clean right let's go go miss you
bro look after the house for me little
tiger okay promise good laughs now
you're not coming with me
yeah did not solve it but if it can pick
a gap here but there just isn't
hey what do you think of the social now
does it look good like this big but does
it look good does it really does it look
cozy and when you sat here it's a TV TV
budget just right for being like a
cinema right well I can turn the
brightness down but just so it looks
like a cinema it doesn't look so good
yeah like it hey hey hey cool that is
absolutely awesome it like segregates
the whole room so over here is to take
both set and then you come over here
your pole vault over the sofa and then
you're in its own little section over
here and that in there in that box is
something exciting leather that's for
another video
so guys is bang-on 3:30 in the morning I
just finished work got back home after
my meal with Maria and I also took Mary
back to the office to show her the sofa
and now I I need to get some sleep 3:30
a.m. and I need to be up in four and a
half hours and have four hours or
something ridiculous to catch a train to
London to meet you guys which I can't
wait for I'm not a bit some entity
before so that should be a brand new
experience so I need to get some sleep
now if I'm actually going to make it
through tomorrow successfully I don't
even know if I'm going to make it
through tomorrow but I'm going to try
try my best
oh no right end it again yes
is
