good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex guys welcome
back to my daily vlogging Channel miles
well vlog if you new around here be sure
to subscribe guys really helped me out
trying to get 500,000 subscribers by the
end of this year so to do that I'm gonna
need everybody's help been in the gym
this morning got back had a shower has
it some protein already for the day so
you guys comments about the years I've
been looking at like what people have
been saying about these huge host of the
list of them earlier to watch them I'm
going to see nicely that looks weird
it's got a weird holes in it like I
don't know I think I'm much prefer them
with the laces but if you could let me
know what you guys think down below in
the comments there they always at least
is yeah I didn't look weird I'll rock
you for today innocence my brush as per
usual the grind never stop I filmed
yesterday's vlog with a B camera I had
two cameras filming men I left the other
camera at the offense so I can't upload
tonight's vlog until I've edited it with
the other cameras or in to rush to the
office now and get that done
go fly and then another two should you
level or something 11 degrees yet
correct yet thank you very much for your
time I really appreciate it and you have
a good rest of your day okay cheers
thank you very much bye bye
that is an awesome girl called Julia
she's gonna be making some awesome new
designs for us guys my whole clothing
line that I do you know the Mars bar
apparel thing but in the next month is
going to be taking quite a significant
jump up to the next level
goddamn right I don't know what to say I
could get this up this stead oh you can
see how heavy these boxes are literally
supporting my way all the way up here
right now
a few moments later let's do this
whatever responding to chat guys look
who on instagram live right now and it's
going well and everybody's chatting away
and we've got 900 viewers we've almost
got a thousand years so you guys I'm
going to leave this here for now
I literally I've got to this point I'm
giving up for some reason I feel like
there's sent me the wrong sheets for the
actual like actual sofa itself another
carton to spread this over the sofa
which is super frustrating think they
may have sent me the wrong sheet so I'm
going to go back I'm going to call it
quits for today
and tackle this tomorrow with a fresh
mind but you guys now forget the basic
premise of it there you go
that's our sofa and oh my god I've got
it wrong I'm going to be so annoyed
because I've used so much manpower
trying to get this thing up here there
we go that is that it's looking fairly
messy it's not as bad as it seems
oh my god oh my god what I forgot about
all of this oh my god if I didn't get
down one thing will happen if I jumped
into it sure do it Oh
ready oh my ankle Jesus that was just a
bad idea that's what she said yeah
Oh oh man called absolutely right oh all
right girls like at least a click I'll
be fine I'll be good I'm good
I'll be fine I'll be fine ah doesn't
that look cozy right right right let's
call the total quit from now on but you
know what guys let's call the whole
office quit today but first please be
bright pink okay where are we going with
much better having it alone now till the
army the beasts microphone lives on Oh
God Rama Keys hey Siri open tiles tiles
find the keys aha the hoses that ran
absolute hoon ready playing double
cheese I'm really not in the mood to
cook this evening so McDonald's it is
I've been going to the gym a lot
recently so I feel like I kind of
deserve it guys check this out so my car
has LEDs in it till these LEDs are on
there and the LEDs in the footwell and
the LEDs they're everywhere you click
this button you can change the color of
the LEDs like you can literally change
the color how cool is that ready just
listen to it ready I'm going to give it
a tap
oh wait I'll show you guys what it can
do when I've got my food right guys we
just put into a car park I can show you
this I'm doing this simply just so I can
show you guys don't get me wrong I never
just rev my car I'm not that sort of
person but just listen to the just
listen to what it does when you rev it
this car right ready here that the pops
men oh isn't it how cool is that
Cargill
I think people all the time in the
comments Alex why the hell'd you drive a
mini you girls this this is a souped up
meaning it's not like any mini if that
makes sense this is like a special
Minich three guys were those all finish
follow the paint is that wall right
there so as computer cables that now
coming out down then put the first plate
on them but mission accomplished in the
kitchen right then guys so on the Monday
of this week the start of this week I
had in this notebook a list of goals
that I wanted to accomplish let's have a
look at this right I've edited the
client video that I need to really think
I have done a tech flow video which
needed to do and I've done that and then
what's this I haven't design it is that
recording sometimes the videos the next
week already done booked a hotel for
summer in the city and travel but that
the other day install so first I can
have a massive tick because the mission
has started destroying fix kitchen that
can have a tick too safe to say guys
we've gone to work this week I love it
grind up rattling guys I was going to be
playing squash with Elliot again in the
morning trying to get active trying to
be fit but unfortunately I think my
ankle is really really really not going
to feel of that in the morning from that
jump I did earlier just knew it was a
bad idea but I did it anyway very guys I
hope you're all doing okay I'm going to
end today's vlog here I've done it's
been a short one today I apologize it
has been fun nonetheless I've hurt my
ankle but we installed the sofa guys
mine I like you guys been awesome guys
stay up and keep smiling I'll catch you
in tomorrow's vlog guys you ready for it
adios
ah
we
she is
