what is that because I'm a vlogger can I
go now morning guys
welcome to the vlog another honey where
you're dead super excited for something
you just can't wait to do whatever is
you're excited for and it's eaten away
you so bad you've just got to do it now
I think that's all of us right now
I'm putting a 99% bet on that you guys
know this is about you've seen the title
of the video you've seen the thumbnail
well I'm hoping he knows that I even
though I'm going to title you know what
I'm even going to thumbnail it but
hopefully it's going to be something to
do with what's at the office today is
Wednesday Wednesday the 2nd of August
today is a very special day because
today's the day that the NDA
non-disclosure agreement releases for
whatever is inside that box in the
office today is the day that we're
allowed to I'm super stoked I literally
can't wait and I hope you guys can't
wait to hopefully this video hopefully
this video he'll get a lot of little
ghetto of views God so guys let's get
this window closed let's get straight to
the office and let
my brother guys I legitimately cannot
wait for this I've got one camera to
camera let me pull of the email here the
code is 3 to 3 it's been sent by UPS all
the way from America this kind of looks
like the cause their logo but I'm not
sure you can see why I'm so alike to
Buckley's and they even noticed early on
here it says to /tu as if there's only
two of these in the world and this is
the second one so I have no idea if this
is even front quarter or what the gist
is so so here goes absolutely nothing
what is that oh wow that is immense
I don't even know what it is you guys
ready three two one
what the computer right got to be a
computer and it's like wow if this
actually a computer it just feels so
light this box must be the heavy thing
wait a minute let me try and see if I
can give you guys a firmer references to
how big this box is a little bit inside
of it huge what do we have here then
guys this is well what looks to be the
Corsair one and I think there's
literally nothing on the box what is
this here it does have sex on it
chassis black B already cpu intel core
i7 77k liquid
called GPU NVIDIA GTX 1080p I with 11
gigabytes
Avira also liquid-cooled we're rocking
32 gigabytes of ddr4 ram a to 400 mega
to standard 500 gig SSD and then a 2
terabyte hard drive for your games and
then only a 500 watt power supply that's
powering all of that okay now we're
ready to get into the box help me help
me God if you've never seen a box
designed like this before you actually
have scissors pinch the top this side
you pinch it and then a hard dude that
is sick that is sick
that unboxing experience was mad and
that is the computer wait a minute oh my
god the whole thing is metal it's so
heavy
wait can you hear that ok so here on
Mars bar vlog today we're going to be
taking part in some ASMR today we have
Corsair ones heatsink ok around the
front of the unit we've got an HDMI port
and a USB port obviously this is for VR
it looks like knowing cause there we've
got LEDs down the side of the front of
this machine on the top of mother
heating some accents in there obviously
for cooling to SMAS for a Wi-Fi antenna
your full surround sound use of 3.5
miles well as well as an optical audio
out a CMOS Clear button and then you've
got three USB will normal USB port then
a type C then probably Gigabit Ethernet
what happens in one of them in a long
time and then to standard USB only care
of course I can think again exam which I
said this badger back with them oh my
god it's just feels so good like all
metal a con a con this is insane I'm
gonna have to look it's receiving the
live streaming room
have to do this early we're gonna have
to I was going to hide it behind the TV
but I think we need to display it next
to the TV otherwise you just plug it
into the computer and let's come up guys
look at that thing right mouse and
keyboard hooked up to this thing right
now it's absolutely insane there's
actually no input lag on the TV either
with this computer which is absolutely
wicked so definitely we can play some
games on this thing let's get this thing
connected to some Wi-Fi and install some
games that's going to take some time
though so in the meantime I'm going to
go to the gym and come back and play
some stuff later bus Wow ladies and
gentlemen the Corsair one Jesus that
thing's insane
keeping the blog guest a high point late
for the gym right at magic hands whoa
there we go
gym time also it's a squash court for
afterwards Elliot and I are gonna have
another game of squash I'm really really
really enjoying it and also it's a
calorie burner man it's good for you so
guys I cause that one is absolutely
awesome I've got some games installing
on it as we speak so hopefully after the
gym we can go back see what it's like on
that 4k HDR 10 screw three guys gyms
they should all finished up straight
from the gym to the office I've probably
got really curly hair right now just
because of the sheer amount sweat that
that came off me whilst played in the
gym playing squash and in the gym
playing gym I just want to tweet out
about this actually but it's like I
don't think I can go to this public gym
anymore because now I've been to this
gym three different times the only
reason we're going to a public gym is
because sometimes it's nice to have
company and Elliot goes to the gym so
I'll go to the gym with earlier I can do
my gym like stuff at home as you guys
know but like a little Jay
thing going on in the Hat but I like to
go with Elliot and the three times that
I've gone to at the times of our people
constant like yo do can have a photo or
yo dude nice work
you love your videos where she's fine
I'm cool with it but tonight when I was
playing squash with Elliot I had people
banging on the glass and then I was also
mid press with Elliot spotting me better
mind I want to bench got weight coming
up and down right some guy comes up to
me when I'm in the middle of doing that
taps me on the shoulder and goes
Snickers are better it's a bit annoying
because it makes me not want to go to
the gym anyway I've respected the office
without having a shower because I want
to check out the PC I'm busy so let's
just take a step back for a second Paul
says that this massive box out this
Pelican cake number one these Pelican
cases alone aren't cheap I've looked at
the make and model of this actual
Pelican case that's 600 pounds about
$900 there was a code on the case so we
couldn't open it we've got the code
today we've opened it inside with a
small little box with a small little
piece inside of it called the course air
one elicits off the specs to you guys
earlier and the last thing I did was
install it look at it just look at it go
install it next to the big 4k HDR 10 TV
I took the course hell up dawg a lot
took the sambar and subwoofer so we've
got full atmoss surround sound we've got
an HDR 10 4k screen here cause they're
peripherals going to the Corsair 1 and
let's be installing some games let's do
this
miss Mars by amazes top-10 I came for
second best game I've ever played ever
let's go I've never had a more awesome
gaming experience on this 4k screen not
many if zero all computers I've hooked
up to this display with it being its 4k
55 inch with HDR 10 have been able to
play a game on here a full-on 60 FPS hat
ultra exit this game must have things
and I show you guys that everything is
on ultra it's a smallest PC I own and
it's the most powerful PC I own it's the
most well built PC I own and it is also
the quietest PC I own it ticked all of
those boxes so for a simple little
review of this thing the Corsair one
it's the Beast I kind of now understand
why it arrived in that massive box just
need to test out some more gate sorry
the one thing I've realized out of the
time of recording this which is
currently 9:30 p.m. on Wednesday I'm
holding this in my hands
this thing isn't even released yet like
it's released tonight at midnight it's
now three hours before that and I'm
holding it and I've already gained on
this thing I absolutely love it I'm
absolutely dreading looking at the price
tag though
and push down with the drone bar what
you do wha this is what you do in a bar
man I know the kitchens a mess bro I
know that I know look hey look guys also
guys I would say for those of you out
there are wanting a new phone or
something like that I've recently
collaborated with a website called
trusted reviews over on my tech channel
tech slow now just reviews is like a
website online way can go and find
thousands upon thousands of reviews of
technology that being like phones games
consoles anything tech or pretty much
anything that needs reviewing and their
promise to you guys is that there isn't
a best product for everybody but just
food reviews can help find the right
product for you so as part of this
collaboration I've done with just
reviews over on tech flow I'm also
giving away a brand new phone with them
to celebrate their rebrand so Jopling
start a company if you guys want to
enter and win a brand new phone the take
spoil video if you're interested allows
my three favorite phones of 2017 well I
choose them out like a whole range of
phones anyway if you guys wanna check
out the video and have a chance to win a
photo applause let you know what the
link is down there right guys I'm going
to go ahead on nted a vlog here it's
been absolutely awesome opening that
Corsair box it surprised me I hopefully
surprised all of you guys what was in
there I'm super blown away at the power
of that thing going to use some more
in-depth testing soon but for now guys
I'm looking the house up for tonight my
name's Alex you guys have been awesome
guys still some keep smiling I'll catch
you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog you
missed yesterday's one by chance
click here to watch that click here
subscribe if you're new to the channel
get-ups also the crazy computer stuff
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog guys oh
yeah
I
