like burning oh oh no oh yeah how'd you
make it not what are you doing not
discern I'll go this early because I
want to have a sick day I definitely
haven't been playing battleground
turnabout okay I haven't slept Arvind
sir I just been up all night playing
blown it's such a good game 5:45 a.m.
though Jim sesh
so guys I'm only lying to you I didn't
stay up all night I had a few hours
sleep just because well I just couldn't
sleep I felt really really odd last
night I've got like two hours sleep woke
up at like 4:00 a.m. couldn't go back to
sleep so I got up and played some player
named battleground and then it got to
like 5 a.m.
Jen walks in the room and hears me he
got me a coffee bro thank you bro it's
really very early in the morning I said
this in the end of yesterday's vlog I
get up early in the morning about a
little meeting in the morning I've got
that meeting right now
today is going to be really hard for me
to vlog as I'll see you guys a little
bit later on
marry guys tomorrow is the day let me
explain why I'm talking about this box
is massive thing we received from
Corsair couple plugs back you haven't
seen the vlog of me sweating my balls
off trying to get it from the bottom of
this building all the way to the top and
seriously it's a long way I highly
recommend you can check that vlog out
but in the hall we notice that well they
cut a padlock on it so I can open it
also emailed me yesterday and I'll let
you guys know is that the code is
arriving for this tomorrow
via email so we can get this thing open
tomorrow your son why does not sense of
kindness in your box why just getting
that you covering like 10 blocks this
problem in the what's called NDA which
means that yeah I'm not even allowed to
put it in but this is suspenseful
Marilee stone yeah so they're going to
tell me the code when the NDA releases
so we can go inside look at potentially
when we get the code I'll trying for
inside of it vibrant genuinely recommend
convenes I think right so what happened
today why is it night
why is it transition from me being at
let me tell you on my journey of today
now it all started with a meeting this
morning but that's boring so we're not
going to talk about that after the
meeting I went to Grandma's
as soon as they go into grandma's I
realized that she baked me a cake but I
knew I wasn't gonna get that cake unless
I did the work that she wanted me to do
so I went ahead
how to install like HDMI switcher thing
underneath her unit yeah as if that
surprised me with some lunch which
really helped me out because of our
super hectic day today
yeah after taking selfie for you for you
exactly Celsius we won profile look
yourself in relatedness - thanks grandma
I then left cake in hat by omar jay
stayed at my house all day today whilst
I was in a meeting
at Grandma's house and I was in gorgeous
lunch and as soon as I got back to my
house and Jed was there we got to work
and boy this didn't go well yeah all
afternoon we're meant to be shooting a
promotional video for some cooking
accessories
someone stole our promotional video it's
about cooking
we can't go meant to be cooked oh oh oh
no oh no oh that is my day now we are
here I really guys I really can't wait
to shoot tomorrow's vlog again I'm going
to have another early start in the
morning going to compare to the uppers
going to get this thing open so you guys
and I genuinely genuinely can't wait
right Google home has its new place in
the ultimate live streaming room there's
one more thing I need to bring up here
before I start the main series and this
is one thing that you guys are saying I
saw a comment on this but it always had
no idea what they're talking about this
estimate is that alex is taking forever
to put that TV on the wall
what are these delay tactics me putting
that TV on the wall is nothing to do
with these logs absolutely nothing it's
a series it's going to be happening on
my main channel first episode of that's
going to be out before the fifteenth of
pork but there's one thing I need to do
before I get it up on the wall for the
main channel and I get it up here and to
do that I'm gonna need some help
originally I need some core strength
uh continue black pay prison it
come on up for the vlog and it says what
ends here before we see it says go out
there Armani so it just fits my
literatures benefits dude they look
awesome
well well dude I'm going to need you to
help me film this theory by in the next
what week let's get something done that
yes we do it boy I got your boy I'm so
sorry for the way guys but this is
finally finally happen again it's
getting get up
no Ramon Thank You Haleh I really
appreciate it boom you've got a ways off
we'll get your filming done right do we
do thank you man's innovator
hey guys by the way any of you in the
need for some cable ties because well
I've got quite a lot here just a few
more packets down here as also you can
see I've got quite a lot I said you guys
want some please let me know it's got
literally about 50 more packets down
here tableside so yeah guys let me know
please there we go
P o box time dear Alex just want to say
that you're my favorite YouTube you have
the best content on YouTube I don't
think I do man and you are inspiring me
to do things that I never thought I
pursue so thank you mate you are effing
awesome I drew you and I wanted to show
it to you I hope you like it
that is super cool dude and it comes
with a stand that's awesome what someone
spent 8 pound 61 on a steamer pilot
maybe Dan I am 15 years old
I watched videos for too long I can't
even remember when I started why are we
there me dude right what what do you
make these thank you guys for the stuff
there's loads more under my bed
but this video gone forever so guys
that's my cue to end this thing today
money's nice guys you guys have an
awesome guy stay awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you guys in tomorrow's vlog
while we're gonna go and open the corset
package guys are ya
the things I do for you guys at half
past 12:00 at night
