Wow to be morning guys wait hold
on a minute I'm not starting the vlog
when the rooms like this there we go
guys broom looking really clean good
morning guys welcome to the vlog it's
Monday today start of the week what do
we do at the start of every week we get
organized and we make a plan it's summer
in the city this weekend I've got a big
week leading up to it and I hope to see
a few of you guys at summer in the city
this week all right guys let's go let's
smash it let's have an awesome hello I'm
not going to scare you this time you
guys know that we usually scare the
cleaner when she's in the office in the
in the morning I'm in a good mood today
we're not scaring anybody so rise in the
obvious bright and early this morning
earlier than I thought I would be on a
Monday morning which is brilliant I'm
just going to do a little bit of
anything to get me a head on a
promotional video I'm doing that so
that's out of the way for this week oh
by the way I've got some awesome news
which I'll tell you after I've done more
work
with three guys there we go I've got
something then I need to tell you now
it's about this box come here
so this box arrives in the office and we
didn't know what it was I still don't
know what it is because I can't open it
as a padlock on it I've got an email
from Corsair do you wanna know what he
said they said to me I can open it on
Wednesday they're going to send me the
code then I'm so stoked
of course I said it's not a care package
it's not a load of items it's one thing
one thing some Corsair that's in
Wednesday's today guys Wednesday is the
day wait hold the phone before I go I
need to get something there we go love
you
today monday zoster rolling start you
know why look I'm at my favorite shop
that's a good meme thing that's all I
need unless you guys want me to do a
giveaway at one of these let me know
drop a like if you want me to let me
know you probably like one of those more
than a phone or something that's amazing
look at how I open everything I don't
want of that that's gonna go the
ultimate live streaming room now I'm
going to come back and get what what
about how are you doing now what's going
down
what are you doing it looks like you're
going to destroy something and that's as
I am I'm going to destroy the team 11
house kitchen right now because it needs
to be destroyed
why don't want to destroy it but it's
going to be a mess absolute mess no all
the joking you guys go ahead I was
destroying the kitchen
so is that before I go any further with
this it's going to explain why I'm
trying to do so I'm trying to install
we've got a telly on the wall in the
kitchen and team 11 house I want to get
some actuals like telly on that so to do
that here in the UK
you are the run an aerial cable to it or
you have like a satellite cable
subscription which is either provided in
the UK by virgin or sky I'm trying to
run a skybox in the kitchen and I want
it sat in the unit below the TV so I
need to run some cables in the wall from
the TV I was that make sense resumed
though otherwise it is well apps at the
moment I have put the cables in the wall
and plastid well clustered it nice way
for it to dry and then apply another
coat but holy cow I have destroyed the
kitchen absolutely destroyed and the Sun
has just gone away yes it's just about
to rain right guys I'm RELIGIOUS
absolute mess here a little switcheroo
and do a little switcheroo with the
camera ready wait we're expecting the
Twitter judge just arrived we've spent
about an hour and a half no two hours
closer to two hours at making texplo
videos this evening quite spontaneous
should just said it you're free and I
was like I can be so we did we've made
some type play videos they're really
good are they
I'm proud of that I'm proud
I don't think we can be any more family
because it's so mysterious
Road reckon my cars there joking if I
threw something out of my bag I'd get to
the summary
easy right
all right so let's go they all came out
the bag in the air out the bag how much
did you spend on them from pound 75 we
start the office and it to the shop
because while I was out there I wanted
some coffee and I don't have any milk so
I got some milk and then I put some
grapes and there's some ham for the cat
hey the UK bro what are you doing bro ah
bro big stretch boot welcome to the
kitchen man let me see it well look down
here but what's going on there like
somehow was this bro kind of about
birthing Fred let's address the elephant
in the room
ah this little rubble after here I think
realizing this group's image mess but my
mission is accomplished I have rotated
peoples from up there down there and I
had put like a a metal guard over the
top of them and then blasted them into
the wall also do you now have one more
coat of that then sand it down and then
paint over it and hopefully well not
hopefully it you won't see it but for
now on this charm a does not look as bad
because it looks absolutely absolutely
off I'm going to the Hoover out of
Thailand it all lot is looking a lot
better now hope people set in the
morning and I can do one final coat then
paint it sand it down paint I've been to
a lot of your guys question saying Alex
it looks like there's no one around at
the moment like where's the fam what's
going on Keep Calm is the house they got
there like team 11 house and yet this is
it now it's like 10:00 to 11:00 at night
as you can see I'm in the lobby of a
house talking to a camera quite loud you
think you for working anybody else up
well this is our place now this is a
team 11 house we've got nobody else here
anyway guys today has been an absolutely
cracking start to the week I've got to
get up early in the morning about a
little meeting in the morning is that
early I'm not even going to get up and
get my camera ready I'm just going to go
come back and then start the vlog so
guys I'm going to go get usually - when
Alex you guys have been awesome guys I
hope you are doing alright and I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's vlog give me
yesterday you can check it out here you
not subscribed and you new around here
please please feel free to do so
you can click that I'll see you in
tomorrow's blog guys you ready
but
ah
