hey guys good morning to you all how are
you all doing as usual mining guys is of
course I like some if all you guys are
doing ok well about an hour ago this
morning it was actually really really
nice outside look now it's sort of just
a bit overcast and cloudy but that's not
stopping us today guys today is Monday
brand new start of the week what I'm
gonna be doing this week is well looking
at my previous week and thinking how can
I make this week better than last week
last week I just don't think I've pushed
myself hard enough in any aspect of my
life and this week we're going to be
doing that first off I've got a meeting
I've got a couple of meetings guys that
I need to take you to the first one is
one about the new house fortunately it's
kind of boring and I'm not even gonna
really show you guys this one it's all
kind of about like running cables and
where I want my Ethernet ports in the
house and plug sockets and stuff really
quite boring and the second one guys the
second meeting is the hi-fi place
they've invited me back and they've said
they've got a present for me
so guys you know what I'll see you in
the sky
be then guys I have a meeting as I've
told you about the new house it's all
about where I'm going to put all the
electrical sockets and whether I want
them to do all the Ethel net wiring
depending on how much it's going to cost
or if I'm gonna do it myself and do it
for free
so I'm gonna tip my camera in I've come
back to you guys with the simple
thumbs-up or thumbs-down in three two
one a sick little meeting that was
literally all I had to do was sign off
everything just put my signature on
loads of pieces of paper and pretty much
just say yes this is the kitchen that I
want this is this this is that and then
I can literally I can see my house from
here it has the chimney on the top and
they've tiled the whole of the roof this
is so sick I cannot wait to show you
guys the new house very very sick but
for now though I've got a meeting in
Lincoln this one this one's gonna be fun
who said meetings have to be boring
sorry guys I think I've arrived
so guys you know this store that I've
been harping on about they got into
contact with me and they said they want
to build my dream cinema room in the new
house they gave me a little freebie last
week to take her with me and this week
they said they're giving me the big deal
the big gun let's see what it is okay
guys let me let me let you in on a
little audio secret right here so nine
times out of ten obviously you need to
have yourself a good set of speakers but
the cable hold the cables so clear this
set of speakers right here you see these
two big floor-standing ones here these
are run you about 1200 right but oh oh
the cables these cables require like two
cables right CD two cables per speaker
right this got and tell me how much this
one is
125 ammeter and then this one 250 meter
and then there's something that connects
the CD player how much is that one 800
just for that not the speakers
it's the cable guys that have never
thought that you could get cable this
literally this expensive beautiful
though it's all braided okay guys no
it's true it's not an audio myth don't
skimp on your cables this sounds amazing
maybe
so guys you know that I've got the KRKs
on the desk right you know those orange
orange the yellow speakers on the desk
right either side they're called KRK
Rokit 5em they're pretty pretty good
speakers but super fighter day let me
take not these but these home with me
and I thought my ko case were pretty
good but I've been I've been told and
informed that my Cal case won't sound
good after I take these home today with
me so let's let's listen
Mansel bake this also peak truly oh my
flaps ain't bleep it's not even in the
same realm
so what high fire are the people that
give like awards to speakers and a/v
equipment and different things like that
and they created a whole different award
called the legendary award for these
speakers and they have the only speakers
in the world that have this award so
guys you guys can look at the price of
these speakers yourself I'll put the
link to these speakers in the
description you guys type this in and
see how much these are LS 50 Wireless so
if you guys look on the back of here I'm
not sure how good my camera is gonna be
showing this but as you can see the
speakers connect to each other via an
ethernet cable and Ethernet cable and
then you can Bluetooth or optical audio
into these things or they can also
connect to your Wi-Fi or you can Athyn
it into them to stream from like tidal
bhatta Phi or any music source online
but I'm just gonna do optical straight
in to the gaming PC this is gonna be
super super fun okay so guys I've got
the speakers they're very heavy and need
to water the car made it
so guys I have spent the last three
hours of my life sat right here at this
desk listening to something called tidal
masters now if you don't know what those
are
tidal well tidal is an audio streaming
software much like Apple music or
Spotify and the Masters of title are in
a sense lossless audio files they
haven't been compressed they are well to
put it simply for you guys they are
straight from the producer the best
sound quality you can ever experience
now put on some headphones if you care
seriously about this stuff just listen
very mind this is coming now I can't
play much for you guys but just listen
to the audio quality I put on the back
of a postcard the song that I could sing
but I can try for your heart there's a
nail made out of real things like a
shoebox photographs it's just incredible
since same why well it's gonna play
okay I'll do another one
guys listen to the sound quality
they're just the most incredible sound I
have ever experienced in my life
and honestly guys they make these kale
caves my old speakers just look well
absolutely worthless she's having these
up here they just scream quality and
then these things well I used to swear
by these and now listen to these
speechless is the word now guys I need
to know they haven't given me these and
no one would ever give anybody these
because they are so expensive if I want
to keep these I have to buy them so what
do you guys think honest opinions down
below right guys I've never needed your
help so much please let me know what we
should do with these speakers i was
thinking even if we did get them we can
have them in the kitchen at the new
house because that's we're going to be
spending a lot of my time cooking food
and stuff cos you know i'm sort of
buying the house being forced to be an
intellectual level and look after myself
so guys please let me know what we
should do but for now I've got a super
busy week this week guys I'm not gonna
have time to get much weight training or
CrossFit in so I'm just gonna go for a
quick quick 25-minute run 3,000 whoop
who's late oh we've had a bit of a
problem guys
and a few of you may have noticed a
slight drop in quality of the vlogs not
actual content quality drop the visual
quality drop yeah my main camera kinda
broke so how this problem guys all the
time with these Sony cameras and I love
using these Sony cameras these do 4k I
mean the body alone of this camera is
about two-and-a-half thousand pounds and
this lens was 2,000 pounds alone making
this an incredible piece of vlogging
equipment it has autofocus it doesn't
really work very well though well the
full-frame sensor on this camera as you
guys can see that sensor is massive
means that whenever wherever or whenever
I'm shooting I can have insane insane no
noise video a noise is with you go into
darkroom you can see noise let me show
you okay so if I turn this off
this is noise you see how this image now
doesn't look very good if I try and go
in this is very noisy so I'm gonna get a
new one of these at hopefully it should
arrive by Monday but this does still
technically work and scene as well this
does still ten early work I thought I'd
go out and do some night photography but
not just normal night photography some
actual moving night photography some
night time lapses this is gonna be super
super fun are you probably thinking Alex
how do you tell your your camera to take
photos even when you're not with it well
as I've said I like these Sony cameras
because you can install apps on them and
one of them is the time lapse app and it
automatically takes photos but if you
guys that have a camera that doesn't
have that feature you can actually get
really inexpensive clickable little
things that you plug in and it will
automatically tell your camera to take a
photo every well 5 10 15 seconds or even
every millisecond if your camera
supports that but let's mount this and
let's crack on
so guys according to the back garden
because it's a lot darker but money
wanting to focus on the sky you want
everything to be dark and the first
thing we have to do step number one is
take a test shot to see if the whole
entire time lapse is gonna look good so
let me take my test shot now right that
camera now is taking the photo yes it's
on a 15 second shutter so the shutter is
going to be open for 15 seconds if I
move or touch this tripod in any way
it's gonna shake any little vibration
it's going to look awful so you need to
have a nice tripod that's gonna keep it
steady and obviously no wind change the
angle I'm gonna leave it for an hour and
a half a photo every 15 seconds let's
see what it does three two one
but then guys it's been about an hour
and a half right now I'm gonna watch
this thing back Wow
that's sick that is absolutely sick do
you see what I mean guys and I thought
that just wasn't gonna be very good
whatsoever
all it takes is a little bit of
confidence just have a little bit of
confidence and go out and try something
and if it doesn't work then it's a
lesson figure out why it didn't work go
back do it again but then on the other
hand if it does work you'll sit there
like I am right now thinking wow that's
sick and I've done so many time lapses
day and night in my time and they still
blow me away every single time so guys I
mean don't you've enjoyed today's daily
vlog guys if you have a like rating
would be awesome guys but for now -
Malik's
you guys have been awesome and I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog adios
