Sunday morning gym sesh finished let's
do it Thank You Squarespace for helped
me create today's vlog guys up this
morning straight from the rears house to
the gym gym session with Elliot I've now
signed up to the gym yeah Elliot
persuaded me to the gym we then played a
game of squash again on that health
grind feeling spinner let's do this on
Sunday arise into the office simply
because I bought this camera round I
shot that whole promotional video that I
did for that little company yesterday
which I showed you guys in the vlog by
little thing like this believe it or not
those were just a short few little Clips
I've got in slow motion of this massive
promotional video that I'm filming do
this upload those clips from this camera
onto my work computer so I can get to
editing that see it's just starting it
down again what is wrong with the
England weather man okay well I've got
shorts on oh we've hit a brick wall I
received an email get an email this is
it this morning on Sunday saying Alex by
Tuesday you need to have moved out of
this route that's in two days there's so
much stuff in here
Oh some day jobs
Tyler progress Jeeves slowly being made
this is honestly incredible well it is
to me I don't know what it looks like on
camera already well just a simple
fighter like if I like overlay a few of
my videos from last year or one video
from last year Cleveland and it feel a
little bit more fresh right now she's
absolutely great look at that little
office when we were starting out and
that was that a huge deal to me getting
my own space to be me and be and be
creative and I was honestly over the
moon with that you're holding the only
little tiny little room I'm going to put
my computers in it and just be creative
and have a little attic space which you
know I thought in the future we could do
some stuff loose now we're doing the
live streaming room with and just how
things have expanded over time just from
my little room to meet that having to
come and put things in a totally
different room we're getting kicked out
because I don't feel like I need to pay
for this space I don't feel like I feel
like I sort of privilege of sizing you
up so far but honestly guys I'm
struggling
I really am struggling to find space for
for all of this stuff Ethernet video
audio I'm thinking that I might have to
turn this little room into some proper
storage because as you can see where you
can't just pitch black but you probably
put some lights in here and then have
some shelves up so I can put all the
stuff this is just like a little room
that's in the in the live streaming room
it's just in there between your lazy
guys you might need some more space in
terms of actually me getting my own
place to live or well I don't want a new
office because absolutely love this and
I just spent so much time now Hank is
right as the rain stops and the score is
Sunday afternoon yay cool guys
promotional video clips imported camera
formatted room tiling out a little bit
that will do meets my Sunday job
ah right it shouldn't a guy's got the
phone I try to drop it this time it's
Q&A time you guys want to ask me
questions you can do it throughout the
week anytime 24/7 over on Twitter just
tweet me at Mars by gaming and use the
hashtag ask Mars ASX ma RS their first
question have you been looking at flats
or apartments that would make a good
blog and I know it would ya I'm
constantly looking online for little
places to move well not little a big
awesome place that'll be wicked and I'm
got loads of space to be creative on a
real yes I am always looking for places
and if I find a place or I go and look
around the place I will try my best to
vlog it I don't know what the procedure
would be like trying to take this camera
out it might be just like me with my
phone like yesterday question I'm
looking for the marzipan we'll need a
marzipan pad I'm looking coach take us
Mars from a scale of 1 to 10 how much do
you consider yourself to be an
entertaining and successful youtuber
thanks George for the question this is
interesting
do I tackle this in my head very simply
right YouTube is either a hobby to
someone or it's their job okay and if
you don't know yes a lot of bigger
youtubers actually earn a living of
YouTube like they don't have another job
YouTube is how they earn money which is
absolutely awesome you know content
creators put a lot of work into their
content then getting something back out
of it and not having to go to another
job and spend all their time making
videos I think that is brilliant
this is where things are a little
stranger for me because personally I
could sit at home all day or not at home
I could make these videos 24/7 and not
do anything then be absolutely fine
like I earn money off of all of my
YouTube videos that I make and it would
be enough to support me it would but I
don't stop there I do a lot of external
work I have my own media company which I
haven't done any work for a long time
I've got a few things coming up though I
also sell sell internet for people which
is right now sat here because I'm
selling Internet to people like it just
he set it up and it happens
and then I keep the huger thing as sort
of a hobby even though I do make money
out of YouTube it is still my little
hobby something I you know enjoy to do
but for my scale of one to ten how much
do I see myself being successful or
entertaining it's got to be a solid 11
no no joke you probably about three
hashtag ice Mars what ringtone to use on
your iPhone 7 plus next question can you
grow a short beard hashtag a smile yes
but you guys always tell me off so I
will shave it I don't really like it
anyways weird back says how did you gain
subscribers hashtag ask mark made silly
videos literally just have fun making
silly videos and so you got to do I
don't know how actually made subscribers
are you subscribed to what's going on
mostly about smiles when will you get
the custom PC well you guys will sit
before me at insomnia I'm going to be at
insomnia on the Saturday so I'm going to
see it on the Saturday hopefully I can
take it home with me after insomnia
Moses house you and the girlfriend we
fine what will be the best budget
vlogging rig anything your phone
whatever you have they always say the
camera you have with you is the best
camera but for vlogging the g7x is good
why did you use to call it a V log
instead of vlog hashtag a smart because
I thought I was edgy and different turns
out oceans to mediate Island it on this
one will you ever stop the daily vlog
hashtag as Mars thanks Lewis for the
question you guys you guys are gonna
have to wait MC but I've got some
awesome stuff coming up in the near
future which is going to in turn stop
this daily vlog for a short period of
time but there's going to be other
content being uploaded somewhere else in
that short period and it's really really
cool content right Toby's going to be
here in like five minutes so guys what
women are doing right now just a little
bit bacon just chilling out some okay
but got some bits there got an area
something shot close-up sudden you know
but a bit of buster
conventionality okay thirty more minutes
just to make some spiky oh there we go
guys finished up a little gaming session
with Toby if you guys like new to the
channel I don't have a lot of time to
play any games I do like playing games
that have a lot of time to play game
every Sunday Toby comes around and we
play League of Legends but if I actually
been enjoying this brand-new game well
brand new tours called player unknown
battlegrounds I actually did a little
livestream of us two playing definitely
going to do some more streams of that
it's about two o'clock in the morning
now and Toby has work in the morning so
he's gone off to bed and he packed up
his keyboard a mouse that he brings
around to play so we can just jet off in
the morning so I'm going to stay up and
do a little bit of work on my website so
this is my website and it is absolutely
well it's massively outdated as you can
see down here has a Q&A down here which
it still says I'm single I need to get
this updated I interview Squarespace but
a long time now as you can see I made
this website like three years ago and
imagine super excited because
Squarespace on our part of my youtube
channel so I can tell you guys that
there's a 10% off your first purchase in
the description of this video if you
guys want that you can go ahead and
start your free trial today with my code
in the description click the link there
10% off your first purchase as you can
see you get absolutely also might design
a templates or at least templates are
all done for you and then you just put
your picture in the background of
everyone and all the text so as you can
see that this website is called miles
got media and then if I click on this
website up here that is Mars bar coding
UK and if you guys know about you access
to pay to get one of these light domains
it's usually a really tricky process to
get set up to get a domain but with
Squarespace
super super simple just do it on their
website choose your domain
link it up spend that simpson off in the
description on it and you're golden
anyway guys I'm going to go ahead on hit
the hay I can sleep really loud even
though it's like 2:00 in the morning
because it's only 2:00 over here well
let's bomb ourselves by the way probably
saw Toby and I cooking earlier that was
just because I have some stuff in the
fridge that I needed to use up so we did
a little bit of bacon why not anybody
guys might as well like you guys been
awesome those sales and keep smiling
I'll see you in tomorrow's launch we
click here to watch yesterday's and here
to subscribe
yes
Oh
