you know when you're in that state of
mind it's like I need to do some
exercise but I don't want to do exercise
I'm not in the mood I'm not in the mood
to go running I'm not in the mood to go
in the gym what do what I do well you
give up then you know this is going to
be cool
and
and
brilliant scorches earlier if you guys
don't know what squash is if you like
American or something all tomorrow
doesn't know what it is like a box you
hit against the wall it comes back here
again it's really really taxing but
really funny story number one Elliot and
I used to play for the same team about
six and seven years ago until any Elliot
and I were playing a friendly game and
actually ran into a wall whilst we were
playing and broke my collarbone and
fractured my breast bone that was about
seven years ago six seven years ago
since then I've never touched a squash
racquet again until this morning
and it was so so fun second little point
I've come here and seen that I need done
that logo about two years ago and it's
still being used often because I just
come back and signed up for a gym
membership so Elliot and I can go and
play squash like a few times a week is
so so fun uh forgot how awesome that
games been really ill active had like a
certain type of food and it put you off
that food right same thing to me having
with squash and broke my collarbone
playing the game and I didn't want to
pick up a racket again I just didn't
want to but that that was really cool
right Saturday today Maria is currently
at work she's working for well like an
event thing it's kind of local they want
me to go and do some filming for them so
I'm going to go and do that it's quite
boring though so I'm not going to take
you guys with me quick little montage
and
so we all finish our probably publicized
that promotional video that I've just
filmed on my website Mars media in the
near future because I don't have any
other client work on that web site other
than a video and ages ago and your copy
out anywhere got a computer that we
hooked up to the kitchen TV in the team
11 house right here we're still going in
full flow as a magic mouse is working
okay most today a lot of you guys are
asking me what this application was
called where you can use your mouse as
an actual trackpad as you can see it's
called it's called mouse Pro is - really
old out I found it absolutely years ago
did use it for years and then I've got
to doing projects like this and it's
come in handy mouse pro right when I
arrived at the office on yesterday I
want to be obvious yesterday just to do
a few bit TV bracket etc edge you can
watch yesterday's vlog if you haven't
seen it on the way over to the office it
was like a big box and I didn't even
look at it when I was going upstairs but
when I came by now below that level
I'll see what this big box turns out I
was addressed to me it was like a
massive massive Pelican case like I
don't know who sent it
I don't know what's going on let's go
take a look I am I have no idea I have
no idea
literally no idea it's probably going to
blow up okay then when you sit down
there's robots it seemed a bit may look
at this is electric skateboard city out
in the year in the how to convert I
think I'm going to take the board to the
office yeah let's take the boards to the
office I'm going to do like a cheap
electric skateboard versus top and
boosted board kind of video soon over on
my tech Channel text below but the one
thing I have found out already is that
the battery on the slick revolution
board mighty bro
hello ma
yeah you know if you don't getting me
there because there are 150 pounds you
can't buy me that it what laws are
saying oh yeah the split Revolution
Board the chief alternative to the
boosted board which I've hadn't tested
and I'm very close with these guys
there's one thing I've noticed the
battery on the sleek revolution board is
far superior to that of the one on the
booster board so I'm taking the boosted
boards charger with me to the office so
I can break down halfway through what
you go
oh you guys have to see what has arrived
at the office and is addressed to me no
okay well boom what like it has what I
don't understand either do you guys
think oh I like to know what it is why
do you think what as if you have no idea
what's inside I have no idea what's
inside
I have literally not I think those from
Portland oh it's got this very seriously
because that thing well that thing alone
would have cost an absolute bomb to shit
absolutely Bob is that the course our
logo just a little bit broken I don't
even touch this yellow you see my heavy
oh I can take it upstairs for the
obvious really I can't leave it down
here the lobby people get knowing all
the jimang has led up to this very nice
dropping it because when I was inside as
being very well protected
it was all the way down there oh she
there and I definitely thought that okay
by just playing never clock there you go
of course that logo and then do you guys
see you I'm coming from with that right
well we're to have a label on the side
of it though
Wow shipping department from course gets
upset from cause that cut all the way
from the United States
what wow this is called from the US oh
oh okay
it has a padlock on it so I get kind of
worried because what wife is a national
Corsair and that's not even the cause
their logo parallaxes it's from Corsair
yep that could be a hoax like what I was
this like a bomb in here or something
like it's a proper Pelican case why
these things these cases on cheap we're
at all by any if I should be worried on
up or I should email Corsair one fuck
we've hit a brick wall guys but I
legitimately have no idea about what I'm
going to do with this thing it has a
padlock on it I'm just gonna have to add
them down I think a little sink right
I'm just going to pull it in here and
leave it in place and now right in the
center right
please let's lower please don't be a
bomb don't catch fire just stay there
until I receive the character open you
up I have literally no they website and
the table cook game is good tomorrow it
could be next week or we might not get a
code at all and if we don't in a few
weeks I'm just going to rip this thing
open but for now this is a product that
is like under NDA and I'm not allowed to
show it and so I don't have the code I'm
not going to break cause there's rules
and you show you guys if they don't want
me to show you because this obviously
costs a lot of money to send out so so
though the Corsair chose the marzipan to
send this to we have strong we can
this this is going to be awesome I
there we go step off my way back to how
it started okay
how you doing you guys have seen how
we've done the computer onto here I've
previewed it a little bit at the start
of yesterday's vlog it pipes through to
these and just sort of pull of the
volume a bit
it sounds good right but this is a team
11 house we want parties here right
there's not enough base we need Volpe I
think I'm going to end today's vlog here
I'm at Maria's house right now just
ripping around and spend the night here
with her she just in the shower let me
know what you think that corset thing is
I have no idea just waiting for an email
hopefully with the code in the near
future and then we can open it looks
pretty sweet but I'm going to end
today's vlog here - nice you guys been
awesome guys stay us and keep smiling
catch you in tomorrow's vlog click here
to watch yesterday's hater subscribe
I'll see you tomorrow
Oh
Oh
