morning family how are y'all doing my
name is of course Alex guys I'm feeling
a lot better today as well most of you
know yesterday's like I was really able
had food poisoning I woke up this
morning jetted straight what is that
noise one minute left
I should have no one that was I'm living
by myself and do my laundry like she put
this thing on like three hours ago I'm
at it on my own having a mental time
squeeze anyway girls are super tall
yesterday to have delayed me I was at
work until 4:00 a.m. this morning less
the office 4:00 a.m. yesterday morning
got back he had five hours leave then
been to the hospital this morning for
the to check me out but not film how
feeling absolutely fine let's start this
hip hop beat kick update vlog with a
time lapse I fell to the office a 5d a
so with the weather was absolutely
awesome earlier as those driving to the
hospital as it was at 5:50 a.m. judging
on that time-lapse now it's absolutely
chucking it down but as you can see
through my well this rain stained window
I don't have my cameras no I'll just go
and show you I don't really know what
I'm showing you to be honest but it
looks like there's an Amazon parcel it's
addressed to me but my name's felt wrong
and it's got the wrong address on it
it's got my neighbors
a gift from Connor just because you can
never have too many notes from someone
who can now fly thanks for the note part
Connor but please send things to the PIO
box
don't try and guess my address
it's annoying my neighbors I'm not J
tall
so then guys I saw this comment on
yesterday's no wait me let me hey bro it
was this comment here that said 16
pounds that have a 4,000 pound TV on the
wall
oh no fingers crushed it stays on the
wall and doesn't fall off maybe a wall
bracket is something you shouldn't go
cheap on a skilled you to send you on
for that TV that 185 thumbs up right and
by the persona of that comment I feel
like these portray me as a little bit of
an idiot by the fact that you thinking I
didn't get a bracket that's going to be
right right to the size of the TV okay
let me tell you guys one thing you can
always trust always trust the Amazon
reviews wait a minute the bracket I
ordered has 1090 reviews and four and a
half stars right it was the highest
rated TV bracket on the whole of Amazon
that I found for this size of TV but oh
my my TV is only 55 inches and this
bracket is rated to hold TVs up to 75
inches 20 inches bigger than mine clink
will be fine but if the quality of this
is rubbish we'll call it a day by the
way I hope the audio sounds good I've
made some improvements to it in this
room hopefully I sound crisp AF le it's
just here we've got unreasoning a little
bit later
ya know I'll say about that the others
are in the back of the char cloth
absolutely fine now risk experiencing
the new microphone setup so hopefully it
does sound Chris them better than did
old Michaels using which sounds like
this and now this is the new mic like
that hopefully that's better
want to say I appreciate you guys
looking out on the fact that you don't
my 4,000 pound TV to break I appreciate
that but also understand that most of
the time most of time I am an idiot but
sometimes I'm not and when I'm buying
brackets I'm not an idiot suppose if it
falls off the wall that will make a
clickbait titles logo in it and I'll
kind of spirit the whole hair come here
mate just just give that give that shaft
to feel alright go cine a clock and ask
you a few shaft already about be fine
it'll be fine right yeah people were
telling me off for going cheap right
here and I think it'll be find yet
another fine it's going to fall off the
wall isn't it right Elliot and I've got
a quick meeting now to do with some work
you type things which I'll fill you guys
in on a little bit later and what better
place to take a meeting then where we
are Monday Nando's Polly anyways only
telly
you
Oh
finish my meeting with le new guess who
get these rocks up I'll give you a clue
he likes GZ shadow halo fell again you
start forgetting leaving you stuff at my
house are you symbolized over here wait
there without a second ago other than
man lady sunglasses stop leaving you
stuff on my property
innovative I'm of a skewed to see me so
easily we go quick meeting finished up
with Elliot emotions are a few
promotional jobs coming up in the near
future actually to do with two
absolutely awesome companies one of
those being coarser and one of those
being ROG identifies allowed to say that
yes by all you guys in to know is course
out and ROG maybe in the near future
getting an awesome little video put
together from me not in YouTube actually
like for them it's like climb worming
really cool stuff and then I'm Elliott
as my be camp this is that TV Sun that
boy if you guys are really that bothered
about this you can go ahead and
screenshots it but I'm pretty sure it's
going to be absolutely fine but if you
think that it's bad let me know about I
just jet is not going to be a problem
the plus the ball all right at the end
gets reinforced only the bit right then
because that's where the TV's going to
go of had it reinforced so you guys as
well as long as you don't believe it's
got like loads of wood where we're going
to mount natural TV halfway up that wall
at the end so when we draw this bracket
in it should stay put hopefully
oh by the way something arrived have you
seen this I'm not going to show you it's
kind of like a big case and it has a
lock on it we'll do that tomorrow yeah
my dude you still here what you're doing
here
I thought I'd just sit in car park I'm a
big fan thank you for attending the
meeting dude yes either we're going to
dominate I'm looking forward to the
prospects in the future click animation
stick promotional video is growing right
right have a good weekend doing nothing
a bit awesome little meeting over and
done with
I love having these things but like not
having them so serious like that they're
like with with like I don't know like
dressed up all nice with a pen and paper
like go to freakin Nando's and have an
awesome meeting are you still going to
get the same things out of it right this
is not boring I mean doesn't give some
nice pop food there like that in other
news somebody one of you guys tweeted me
the other day in a screenshot it and it
said I fixed apples red iPhone with a
$14 screen protector right showing that
he has got a black screen on his red
iPhone 7 I think that a lot of people
want to do in a thing that a lot of
people don't pick this phone up for
because they don't like the white screen
now you can go ahead and replace the
whole screen of this phone if you don't
want it to be why obviously it was your
warranty etc etc it's also a very
difficult thing to do is to take the
screen off this thing so one of you guys
in the peer box a while back sent me a
black screen protector for an iPhone so
let's see if this article from the verge
is actually no worthy
I'm genuinely so confused as to how this
works
Wow I'm not worrying because it's black
I'm willing because it has like a weird
thing in it where as soon as you're a
little bit of Axl with the phone you
can't see what's on the screen
whatsoever like you have to be looking
directly at it can't see it can see the
screen can't see it what what my friends
told me I have one of these and I didn't
think it was this good it look it gives
you only work there's a Carol gotta pick
it up so you can see the screen then and
watch this what like I'm not tricking
you guys here with anything a lot of
objects theory of the phone you see that
and also my red iPhone now has a black
front on it kind of I mean it looked a
bit awful verge that was North elastic
low it doesn't really work I'm sorry
about cool solving the old black and red
thing it seems to be well you've got
like the wire around the edges is not so
noticeable and look at this on the front
warning of it like that you can really
see the white around edges of the phone
well the verge made me click on the
article anyway telling me I can get a
black screen on my red iPhone alright
guys I'm going to go ahead and hit the
day unfortunately I've had spent half
the day well half the morning half the
morning on half the day in hospital this
morning just so they can check me out
see what the hell was going down seemed
fine now Nando's is a little bit spicier
than it should have been and therefore
it did make my stomach hurt a little bit
because I hadn't eaten anything the
previous day feeling fine now though a
couple of hours that I was going to go
in the gym but I'm just going to give
myself a little bit of a rest day today
because I just don't want to put myself
out of the game tomorrow the weekend we
don't want to pass how about the game on
the weekend night something we don't
want to do bye guys my name's Ben Alex
you guys been awesome this has been a
fake red and black screen dye phone with
Bert on the on the screen busy SEO is
what guys it's a bug well ill so if you
want to check that out I mean I don't
blame you if you want to you can click
here to do that click here to subscribe
and I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog guys
on a phone down ready
idea
