you know when you've been an idiot right
I've been telling you guys all week that
I'm waiting on an XLR cable to arrive so
I can use my new really expensive
microphone properly in the office the
XLR cable did arrive you guys all right
I've got the office now XLR cable on
Monday not until then I went in on
Thursday let's pick up the pear box
yesterday and I was feeling what you
guys are sending me and I've gotten this
feels like an XLR cable I don't know it
to the peer box at night
right Zoe's here you've always thinking
who is here right I'm going to explain
to you one thing and by that one thing
you're going to have to make a solid 100
percent judgment as to who is in my
house and this is the thing I'm going to
tell you guys it's come through the door
and the first thing you showed me is a
new pair of V's who is it well as if you
guys were correct then who is in the
household right now me
we're doing bro I'm currently designing
a website for a client using Squarespace
oh so we're here in the kitchen I left
off yesterday's video showing you guys
the dinosaur PC sale which we did if you
haven't seen yesterday's video I'd go
ahead and watch it explain what the hell
is going on on my kitchen table right
now other than Jeb making a website on
Squarespace I'm currently installing
League of Legends disease Nasim can play
some games and if it can I'm going to be
super super impressed and it's going to
be funny
it kind of works kind of on low settings
putting 40 FPS to be the Jedi got some
important work to do today but he's gone
in my car and found them in you let your
skateboard until you really wants to
have a go on it so I said you can have a
go on it if I have the controller okay
Jerry thank you for the photo dude I'll
put you in the vlog she can't have a car
at the office there is no chatter my
name is they usually kind of do when I
count the car in the office I'm probably
now a lot of people know where the
office is and this guy's like another
photo and he's like can I come and take
your photo of your car apart of people
want photos in my car more than they
want photos so it says with me when I
get it it's a nice car but just surprise
me
it's obvious whether is like fun bipolar
it's absolutely bouncing down like that
is that's not like the light rain is it
it was so sunny like five idiots again
item of acara probably people want
photos in my car more than they want
they're just detect flow video all
wrapped up we tested out the new
microphone it did an absolutely
outstanding job that video is now
rendering one thing that I've been
waiting to do all day was to show Jed
the new room I haven't been with Jed in
the last two weeks we've done a lot of
work as you guys know and probably
thought you guys were tired of it so am
i as the new life doing room right here
so expression that was big could be over
the face of the camera the trip hazard
so we cut something move this cable out
the way but I'm sure you're not going to
follow I know you'd have to wait it out
the way just like come on stand up here
and then I'll turn the lights on right
then bro are you ready to see it yeah
okay show me it looks so good all the
carpet everything yeah you haven't even
seen it haven't been in here since
forever so that you know the aircon unit
had in my room I attached the pipe to it
and now the air comes out that very
Kelly's going to go there corner so for
all the consoles but everything is laid
out here okay you can't portray how much
works gone into it like when you're
actually here you think oh my god is so
much different but these guys are like
they're always like in the comments like
oh you haven't put any work into
openness in an applicant to a room and
it's like yeah but so much work went
into it when you're actually standing
here you really thought well you can see
what has gone from
and not intercept in fact you plot like
all the other digits run that right for
jet and ice private viewing only we put
the sound bulb here and the sub look
those who want to see what it sounds
like let's get our reactions on camera
let's put this here and place the music
pay attention and to the facial
expressions in my way
so host of that sound rather than we're
leaving the office I've got really about
food poisoning today I'm like putting
this energy on I feel absolutely dead
which absolutely such as a possible down
there so Jen I guess we'll come back to
the office later but Jed has a few
errands needs to run so I'm going it
home try and rest up before Jake get
back an umbrella I'll see you like 10
o'clock this evening maybe 11:00 okay
oh I don't think of it as well as this
sounds or as horrible as this sounds
I've been poisoned I've got food
poisoning right now now anybody that
knows this is you guys because in the
past two years I've been doing this
daily blog thing yes about a few days
off not because of illness I have been
ill through the period of doing this
daily vlogs but I don't usually let that
get in the way of anything I'm usually
just a tough cookie if you're ill get up
get on with it that's my persona but
today what today I'm an energetic guy I
just don't have the energy
I'm hoping this this is going to give it
to me well I'm a survivor here until 11
how somebody's sick no we don't take
that somebody don't know we don't take
that we need to push on I have my toast
I still feel a little bit weird
I've 6 up everything throughout the
whole entire day we've got this we've
got we've got this we've got this bird
stop it but has definitely got this hey
bro how you doing some adverse week
we're sweet we've got tsunamis waiting
for Jess to come back and there he is
okay so here is a team 11 households
work on Jess cooking up some food but
I've had an idea
Jenny's asking me to make a fair bit of
noise over there so I'm going to cut all
the talking and you guys can just watch
I'm going to do and see the finished
product
let's go
it comes it comes on the bro
just just look it comes on it comes on
the team 1011 kitchen TV look that's it
it's cool isn't it this one computer in
the kitchen anything can transmit yeah
and then I go right back over there so
you could just use that as the mouth
there you go so using this little
program on my phone it literally turns
my phone into a mouse trackpad so I can
control the mouse which is on the
computer upstairs I've linked it into
these speakers here so we've got stereo
speakers up here if I go onto YouTube
and click on lecture say hey go through
history videos related to hours ago I
will watch this later it should come out
these other I realize you were watching
but is what I'm doing with the recycle
PC thanks grandma
there's been a long night well I'll say
early morning in the office the light
that is currently light in my face right
now is the light of the next day's
sunrise unfortunately my illness
yesterday sort of delayed me Tove had to
work a little bit into the morning been
working on techno videos with Jed also
got something to show you guys when I
get home something I've been working on
this evening or this morning so guys
this is what I tell you as I've talked
to you before as I told you before I'm
currently in the lighting in the works
of designing some brand new brand new
merchandise for you guys now if you gone
back to a mars bar apparel website at
the moment I put on my shirts and shut
up Mars bar code at UK I'm going to be
launching a brand new app our site with
a lot more stuff on it buy a lot more
stuff I kind of mean like not just
t-shirts like our teas and my
forgiveness limited-edition stuff as
well like only a hundred available of
certain items and I'll let you guys know
when that goes lives you guys can get on
that like a gun shirt this is also my
Mars bars I tried to have a Q&A on here
I need to get all this updated because
on the Q&A kind of says I'm single when
I'm not and then I have like a my gear
section which is very much outdated
right now so that all needs to be
updated anyway guys I'm going to end
today's vlog here
I've been really really really unwell
and had to work into the morning because
well I've just been so well my lost at
the time today anyway guys mine I like
you guys been awesome guys anything is
possible when you put your mind to it
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
let's do it
I do
Oh
