euphoria again oh it just rains here it
was sunny
literally 15 minutes ago on my now
that's just not going to work is it
right then guys before today's vlog
stars I just want to go and pick up the
PA box now pick to the peer box last
Friday so 5 days ago and I just want to
simply do it to see how often you guys
send things to the peer box because they
usually pick it up like once a month you
guys are crazy I love you
hey Eliza if that makes sense it's the
ride well moping this is here because it
easier then then they're going to get
bad feedback on eBay because I hate
people that have delayed on eBay
it's not even a it's not like these are
just aged to your mind
guys I have some news and it's not bad
news I wouldn't get worried about it but
it's something that I do need to tell
you guys on the vlog I've been outbid
it's as simple as that now this is a
really tricky one to explain right but I
had this room and as you can see I'm not
very proud of it because it's in the
same condition as the team ten house I
had this room and I was allowed to use
it simply because nobody else was it was
just an empty room they asked the guys
and they were like yeah the people that
only office you can use it you can use
it for storage what I've turns out a
couple weeks back there was a bidding
war for this room I didn't mention it on
the blog because I thought we were going
to be fine right I put my bid in to have
this room somebody else wanted it we've
got we got outbid so I've been told I
need to move everything out of this room
in the next month which is fine because
I said most
this will be up to Jake's house and is
the live streaming group right let's
address the monkey no not me I know look
like one that you guys yesterday's vlog
sent me straight and you said Alex how
are you going to mount it on the wall
well this is how that is what we have in
the office but it's sweet that is what
I'm trying to mount on the wall and what
I need is here to 32 inches at the 26
inches that I did
yeah do you have a anything bigger than
32 inch no no family no Marcy plans
we're not doing that we are not doing
that 60 pound to put the telly on the
wall 60 pound for a bracket I bought
that I know you guys will go mad at me I
can oddity it we're not doing that we
can do this cheaper well I'm just
putting it back into the office because
my mum had text me and she says it she's
coming into town you guys get nirmala
place my parents are split up I don't
need to get to see my mum that often get
chance to see her but this this is her
birthday present I'm going to go I'm
gonna go see my mom wish you're a 10 day
late happy birthday
I did already say happy birthday to it
but I want to give her a present it's
pretty cool I think I think she'll like
it yeah happy birthday why is it I mean
I heard one of them before
no heard of an Amazon echo before oh is
it want you to be yeah I'll throw in a
grand crankier and you wear those
glasses at work I'm doing what any
youtuber does that runs out of ideas and
just put them um in the videos can you
played coconut yeah make it first by
saying that grey coconut woman by Harry
Belafonte
what other woman is calling out I know
me there you turn oh my gosh right I've
got this present from Al from the
birthday and I know nothing about
technology but it's a I keep calling
Amazon but I think it's called Alexa and
Alexa play is it on yeah
play some assuming the new
innovativeness pole like it good right I
need to go I've seen a bit bit of it 66
pounds down from 100 watch this it's
going straight my basket all it in place
will be here Friday so guys yes I know
you probably think in Alex you said in
yesterday's fault you were meant to be
filming a wedding this morning how come
you didn't do it and I did right but I
didn't take my vlogging camera with me
because I was with the wedding couple
this morning usually I will go to the
wedding venue beforehand and get like
shots externally and some drone shots of
the wedding venue myself as soon as I
know this wedding couple like personally
we all went together had a look around
and I got some awesome shots if they
weren't present I would have 100% taken
my camera and show you guys how I work
out in the field but as I said I didn't
take this camera because I was with the
wedding couple it all went absolutely
fine there thank you for asking
so guys we're going to have to move out
of this room where most we'll get it
done as soon as possible which means
there's a lot of stuff in heads at
parlour which I just don't really need
or one so if you guys were if you guys
want anything please please let me know
if there's anything that sticks out oh
my god oh my god I want that then I'll
try and hook you guys up with a giveaway
for example I've got random things like
these Edifier speakers these are amazing
little little speakers these are I've
now got four of them is master annex my
onyx my it's all kicking off so if you
guys are in the need for anything just
because let them down on the comment
section drop a like rating as usual the
support is always appreciated and I
might do a little secret giveaways like
I have been doing almost
immediate so follow me on twitter
snapchat yo guys check this out so I
made this all set up in the team 11
house in the kitchen
good evening wise girl you got monitor
by Asus razor mouths really the keyboard
what's powering this joint
what because emotional voice for a while
you know before I went to LA last math
we feel like drama a new computer this
is her old one that was sort of like
puffing up and running a little bit
or built earlier computer she's
absolutely fine with it she loves it I
think it's doing what it needs to do
this has given me her old one she's
asked me to destroy it so I've taken the
hard drive out put SSD in this thing
right guys it's getting pretty late now
in today's vlog getting pretty late on
so I'm just going to go in how could you
say then I'm going to head to bed so
guys I'm going to leave it there for
today guys if you missed yesterday's
vlog you can check that there you're not
subscribe to the channel you can do that
there and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog
you
