now guys so before today's vlog starts I
just want to get into something like
real quick just to let you guys know a
little bit of an announcement
I don't usually cover these sorts of
things on the vlog but I feel like this
time I actually just want to make a
video about because it's a little bit
more than just one event to talk about
so I'm currently attending well in the
line to attend three events for you guys
one of those being somewhere in the city
one of those being uploaded events and
one of those being insomnia I forget
which insomnia we are on insomnia 61
insomnia 61 25th to the 28th of August
I'm going to be there streaming at
insomnia 61 on the Saturday I'm not
going to be attending on a Sunday just
on the Saturday so if you want to meet
me Saturday be it insomnia 61 I'm also
going to be out summer in the city I do
have like an organizing meet-and-greet
up there so if you guys want to meet and
greet me then you can do I think you
have to when you buy tickets you
actually have to choose that you want to
meet me you might or might not be
selected not really sure how it works
and have been to someone sick before but
yes attending all the days and then of
course fuckload event I recently got
announced there yesterday evening so I'm
going to be attending upload event on
the Saturday and Sunday you want to make
it down and meet me that is the events
I'm going to this year and it will be
absolutely awesome to see you
there we go announcement over that is it
just thought I'd tell you guys in this
one video so I don't have to keep
repeating it over and over again on with
the vlog
I'm doing worse so guys I've got to head
down to a couple's wedding venue
tomorrow morning right simply to get
some drone shots of the venue there was
not many times that I don't feel up to
scratch myself in terms of doing things
with a camera but for some reason I'm
kind of worried about tomorrow I feel
like I feel like I need to brush up on
my drone skills so it's all kicking off
it here in the Alex householder is you
guys now call it the team 11 household
for some reason but that laptops we got
we got the shoes we got the skates
speaking of skateboards actually this is
a booster booster board is there down
here it was not the big boy slick
revolution board with the LEDs on the
underside of it or the mini evil
Roncalli sign Elliot's driveway I need
to reverse out right now because I'm
going to be following him I have no idea
where to go Elliot has found a brilliant
location for us to go and practice and
drone flying more specifically so I can
get my headset with my drone before
tomorrow's wedding shoot
thank you for flying with me I
appreciate it have a good time with the
Jimbo it does and I will see you
probably like sometime later in the week
cheers this in a bit one thing I do know
and that is that need a coffee before I
do anything with you guys okay so my
extravagant microphone setup arrived yet
understand the microphone the audio
interface that is all over here couldn't
make it work in the office though
yesterday because I was missing the
cable that connected the microphone to
the DAC a pretty major part or key in
the operation so of it okay no that's
not that's not an XLR cable that's
something I'm not allowed to show you
guys I may have have to just blow that
out in case you guys saw that nothing
bad just can't show you guys right now
else would you say
so those of the slows to make a vlog
today about all of this kids on the
table as you can see I just recorded a
montage but after a recorded that I
received a phone call for one of my
YouTube friends who will remain unnamed
and having some relationship issues like
really finding it hard to cope with and
with a lot of things in his life spin on
phone with them for an hour and a half
don't know some that people go through
stuff in their lives like I go through
stuff and I know you guys will be there
for me if if I did but I'm trying to say
if any of you guys are going through
anything you want to chat I'm always
here for you guys want to hit me up on
Twitter I try to reply to as many
messages as I can and if it's something
they know for something you don't want
to actually you know put out publicly
just hit me up and asked if we can DM
and I'll gladly do theirs if you just
want to if you want to chat with me
about anything honestly I want
understand in person and maybe shed some
light if you're worried about something
or something is on your mind I just want
to help you guys right on with the video
oh wow this is putting this into like a
size perspective and then do you
understand how I actually bringing this
thing so it's quite a strange bringing
the things up here they're actually
going to live in here for example the
biggest one that strikes me the wireless
subwoofer in obvious number two it
doesn't look very thick but when you put
it down in here
Alisha's dominate the whole corner oh no
we're gonna realize space to have
everything a huge realistically he's
going to be fat now matter I think and
 maybe I ought to put him down there
maybe I was sitting behind the sofa
maybe it's going to sit down here so
there we are guys all the stuff that has
arrived this far that is going in this
room that all that has been purchased
for this room is now up here sound well
um bar no TV I'm really worried about
bringing the TV up there because that's
a deep drain if that TV breaks I will
cry that there is the streaming computer
that's going to handle the streams I
need to install this HD 60 Pro inside of
there a lot of people asking what these
are for these are absolutely wicked I've
got some bigger ones and small ones
check these out so obviously these are
all the cables here that are going to be
going into the TVs I'm going to drill a
hole in this wall to make it look a
little neater once you've filled your
hole in the wall you drill that over the
holes and then it's just a little brush
thing and you can put your cable through
it I'm not supposed about behind the TV
though it's going to be more for West
nice shiny silver one is going to go
there for the computers or the cables
come through there and then one of these
little white ones on each of these
shelves for the consoles these are
really inexpensive you can pick them up
for like two pounds on eBay if you got
some whole star buys it really for all
the stuff that's going in the LSR
obviously I'll need a couple of us to do
the TV I'm not doing that by myself I've
only taken some small things up and I'm
already sweat so getting that TV up is
going to be a different matter but we'll
do it some and if you'll get a bracket
for it we'll do that tomorrow
right guys my friend Ross is coming
round to the office for a quick meeting
it's not something that necessarily
wants a video as like me and him talk
internet and stuff I've got a quick
meeting with him is coming in five
minutes
so we've seen completed I'm not sweating
anymore I need two out of this joint
that moves all the stuff I can up to the
live streaming room the last thing left
to do is to order the sofa I'm gonna do
that today but first I need to go
shopping and I'm not very good at
shopping food shopping so I need some
help with that hello darling well thank
you
this is getting far too for that was
just breakfast right if you're a raisin
where would you be I'm on the hunt to
put some raisins with machetes and a
super healthy nothing in here is bad for
you it's all good food it's all protein
it's all swooped it's all adventures
have also got the word hell hell hell
how protein more protein hell hell hell
hell hell if you can tell that I'm
trying to beat I'm trying to be healthy
and I think it's going what so this my
friends is it it's time it's time to do
what we should have done a month ago
it's time to order the soap now by using
iOS is handy-dandy
ohto feature or ma we should be able to
zoom right into Ikea and find all the
photos that I took at IKEA behold the
Naqvi
Oh
