there's me about 10 seconds ago going to
look out the window because well how
high they are putting the block there
are is there we go guys got energy to
start the vlog Monday today how are your
guys doing my name is of course Alex
welcome to another day the guys Monday
we are editing at the desk Monday
morning doing a load of work on the one
of three screens we've got 45 second one
I'm sort of a ting a little bit of a
promotional show real thing for my
company mild media here also I showed
you guys well not showing you I
previewed it in yesterday's vlog you
guys store it in the back where I saw
this wallpaper check that you guys like
that it does mark our work hard anyway a
fan made that all of you guys so many
sweet moves I swear it is wall paper
being released can we get this wall
paper our laptops phones etc although
it's really not yet guys I am in contact
though with the fans that made that
design there's a few legalities that I
need to go through because Mars bar and
work hard anywhere are two different
companies working together need to get
the okay from both of us if that makes
sense well it's a sweet design and I'd
love to get it out to you guys right
between me and you I want to take a
little bit of a break from all this work
I'm doing today the Sun is out for one
really nice I'll see you guys in the air
we selfie near them yeah oh it's all
very very very very real
I've just got to the office the texts
were legitimate I've had well two texts
today two different delivery companies
so come to the office to see what's been
delivered and whoa I'm just going to
drop him a text now so these wait a
minute endotex to Jake Mitchell saying
mate some goodies have arrived
. i'll send your message these are bad
boys oh okay
the whoa oh god yeah we ordered loads of
stuff of ebay didn't we
I forgot I was more going to lose you're
cleaning up India with parts or parcels
parcels and then whoa there's more
powerful and I know what this one is
because my good old friend Philip as
resinize ntg-3 per my request to told
him that I get a lot of passes there at
the office and I want to know which ones
ntg3 so well as you can see they said
that CG great this is something really
cool ah hey there it is the MCG three no
now he's going to be a game of guess
what is in the box
I'm open this DPD wanna think guessing
game gets down with me in the comments
all of this stuff is stuff we ordered
from the eBay on a budget vlog exam see
to go back watch it then come back to
this one this is going to be a DAC for
this microphone we know one of these
which we need to finish this off I
wandered this is a difficult game okay I
think the thing that we actually need to
make this work hasn't arrived fibre let
me set some context microphone holder
yes that goes through there so guys
unfortunately is just our look the one
thing that we needed hasn't arrived let
me break it down to you this is how you
want to get amazing audio into your
computer you go from a USB port out for
this thing which is called a focusrite
scarlett
solo edition right here then you take an
XLR cable to your microphone stand up
your microphones down to this microphone
which I bought a Philip bloom the ntg-3
then you sort it this microphone is used
for broadcast grade recordings like TV
great the live stream audio is going to
be absolutely linked and on this thing
is absolutely awesome because it also
has a second line input here which you
can monitor with this and I'm going to
have that plugged into a laptop with the
audio out just for the music for the
string so I can have a dedicated volume
button just to control the music this is
going to work so well but first we've
got something awesome to check out
now Ling guys I'm going to leave these
involve this one with the wrapper on it
this one are taking it off because I
want to have a look at these or this one
myself LG made a gaming monocle
the signaling for gamers now what's so
good about this so as well as this
monster having the advantages that
having an ultra-wide and a curved
display give you that being being really
immersed in the content and that being
yes it's four inches of curved ultra
wide goodness we've also got a 14 40
Hertz refresh way as well as g-sync
we're also covering nighttime scent of
the srgb color range for any of you guys
doing grass I told you guys we're trying
to work extremely hard putting together
series is for the main channel this one
being building youtubers setups starring
Jake Mitchell for the first series Jake
these are your monitors my friend fees
 sex
oh wow look at that that looks amazing
Alison Thomas they made this well aware
when I do these sorts of videos in a box
products like this companies don't pay
me to say anything about them that I'm
not sponsored to say anything
my biggest thing with these new LG
monitors is going to be putting them
head-to-head with this Asus gaming
monitor which I absolutely love
now this is really our oh geez
competition this is the competition for
that monitor before I go ahead and do
Jake set open take all of this kit down
to Jay I think I'm going to do a textile
video comparing this to the ROG monitor
the top-end gaming monitor showdown so
guys I've literally just got back right
now and you're currently listening to
the audio on my camera this is the
normal audio that you'd usually hear on
the camera now this is the audio from
the new microphone like I can't tell
right now if it's going to be any
different than this because the
microphone that each of my vlogs I've
invested a lot of money in it is a good
microphone but I feel like this is going
to be even better it might not be so you
guys are going to have to let me know
but I have a feeling a slight feeling
that it's going to be absolutely
incredible and this is the audio that
you guys are going to be hearing on the
live streams like I've told you guys I'm
going to be going all out on this so
hopefully everything is going to sound
awesome and I'm hoping this microphone
that I bought off Philip Bloom is
working because that is the microphone I
hope it sounds awesome
hey guys miles when Alex you guys been
awesome guys fails and keep smiling that
you're all doing okay if you missed
yesterday's vlogs and check it here
you're not subscribe to the channel you
can do that here
see you in tomorrow's vlog guys oh yeah
