yeah
you
a
Oh
Oh
literally every time I look at this
place it just gets better and better and
better okay
just as you find a little touching up
bit on the skirting boards that we
installed yesterday all good next big
thing is to order the sofa which would a
decided which one we're going for a few
blocks back like a month ago this room
has just taken so too long party Sunday
evening guys
Oh much rather afternoon is an
absolutely horrible day today are
literally tweeted about 20 minutes ago
saying it's incredible it's absolutely
incredible how the weather can change
ones moon you know also is absolutely
baking hot everybody's just like super
super super super happy and then when
it's raining everybody's just a little
bit like met and today I'll think it's
myself well how can I go over this mess
how can I get over this and overcome the
weather affecting the mood my getaway is
making these videos and that is exactly
what I want to talk about in today's
vlog
right then guys it is Sunday I've got my
phone here it's time for a small Q&A but
first I just want to blow your absolute
mind yeah that's a TV and we've got the
quality of that thing is insane
hey well guys now you guys can decide
whether I'm actually in the real
locational this is just a TV screen but
I'm joking there's no TV screen here
right QA it's Sunday going to carry this
one you guys seem to like the Q&A
session picked out some awesome
questions which can shape this vlog
let's get into it
lost it says hashtag ass Mars do you
have a girlfriend
look the Clooney don't watch the vlogs
because she's in them yeah she's in them
a fair amount literally the video with
her in the thumbnail last week some
David says what motivates you to do what
you're doing
ash tag ask Mars what motivates me to do
anything I do in life is happiness as
long as I'm making myself happy and
making other people happy in the process
then in my eyes that's the goal
tick what more could you want obviously
you guys know what a production company
called Mars media and I was actually a
meeting Saturday morning I mean in the
line to be filming some charity work for
a company I know that when I film a
video that I'll make them happy
sounds a bit weird really but I
genuinely the main reason daniel says
what advice would you give for youtubers
trying to build their audience hashtag
ask Mars I usually give people three
bits of advice and I've gone over this
in past videos but I'll just tell you
guys briefly again number one make
videos that make you happy if you aren't
happy while creating the video then
other people aren't going to be happy
watching them happiness is kind of a
theme here number two be yourself if you
are a crazy human being and you are just
like crazy be crazy in your videos if
you're like a normal human and you're
not like there's not much going on and
you just a bit like hey guys what's
going on be like that in your video it's
all well and good starting YouTube and
playing a character say for example you
want to be really energetic but I'm
realize you're not really an energetic
person yes pretending to be something in
the long run is going to come back and
bite you in the ass
number three the most important one try
make your videos interesting my friend
Josh or zurka didn't
so the incredible tweet the other day
talking about this and talking about
up-and-coming youtubers and how it's so
difficult to start nowadays so if you
can merge interesting content whilst
being fun and also being yourself I
think you're onto a winner
Lisl I says who is your favorite
youtuber oh my god I literally don't
know I have no idea and this is what
lens do you see a vlog this is the 16
2005 on a full frame camera so it's
super super wide and then it can go in
quite tight as well I'm all for gaming
if you couldn't do the job you do now
what would you do if that makes sense
look the videos by the way I have two
rules I set on my life always be
creative and always work for yourself
and be your own boss whatever I do as
long as I'm doing those two things it
doesn't really matter what I'm doing
strict sisters do you plan on cleaning
the wall behind the ladder that leads to
the future live-streaming room yeah I
think that I need to get rid of that and
make a new way of getting up there if
anybody has any ideas of how we can do
that let me know it's kind of a bit of a
bodge lewis says hashtag ask mars will
you ever stop daily vlogging what a
question
okay the Staley block this is my analogy
this is the fire which is the YouTube
channel the daily vlogging channel right
every fire needs fuel fuel for a fire
being the logs however in my theoretical
diagram the fuel being the video that's
a good pen so a daily vlogger makes a
piece of content every single day I've
done it now for the last one and a half
years and I'm going to be honest with
you guys being a daily blog is so so so
so fun it changed me as a person for the
better it made me motivated seen is
people actually looking at my life
granted these blogs are not a 100%
representation of what I get up to on a
day-to-day basis it's great because it
motivates me to get up every day to go
and make sure and going in the gym to
make sure I'm going to extra mile and to
make sure I'm achieving goals it's all
something that I want to document
through this blog the batter the
question will you ever stop daily
blogging and the answer right now
currently is I have zero idea and yes I
do it seven days a week
and no I'm not going to sit here and say
it's easy to put together a piece of
content every single day every single
day it's at least two hours every single
day it's at least two hours behind a
computer screen that's just the editing
part then if I'm out and about I've got
to find a decent internet connection to
upload the blog with my blogs I like
them to be topical I like to talk about
something in my blogs I like to make the
vlogs about some as well as you guys see
me in the gym and achieving goals and
what as well as you guys seeing all of
that stuff what I get to on a day-to-day
basis with them is a live stream
creating something trying to achieve a
certain goal or a dream or I'm I'm
working on Fitness I tried to make the
blogs topical I tried to make them
intuitive and I tried to make them about
something and that that is the most
tricky part thinking of something to
come up with to do every single debt
that is the fuel to the theoretical fire
that I showed you guys earlier daily
vlogging is absolutely awesome
it's my motivator it's so fun to do if
you want to venture into it yourself I
100% recommend you go into it knowing
that you're going to take
our expert the one downside a farm to
doing this daily vlog is you get so
drilled down to doing something you lose
sight and vision is everything if you
lose sight of your goals then what the
hell are you doing so now I have no
plans to stop this daily vlog anytime
soon going on a break maybe for a little
bit different matters but I love adding
fuel to the theoretical fire but it's
going to be a guide for today's kill
blogs Sunday Q & A I thought I'd go a
little bit deeper like a little more in
depth into the questions they're just
answering like them really quickly but
would be awesome to go a little bit more
in-depth and elaborate you guys as to
what going on in my actual mind
hopefully that was a little bit cool to
you guys to see what's going down up in
here well yo guys requests going to be
starting this for the main channel this
week because it's about time it's taken
too long too long
oh well they so so horrible today guys
like absolutely vile food so cold left
I'm literally so annoyed with myself
I've got no food in the house it's
Sunday and everything's closed
hey did guys I literally got back to the
office I'm absolutely starving it's
Sunday come over here I haven't stopped
I just haven't stopped the preacher but
I just mean the last few days you guys
know she's been so busy all I've got is
just this steak and then and then this
I've got if I cook mistake but I've got
nothing to put with it like how bear
who's lost the bacon and understate I
need to I need to go shopping tomorrow
it's literally forgotten haven't had
time but it's soon this and nothing else
is open there's no shop to open it's
like Sunday evening
why oh so good but it's so bad for you
what's going on bro what you thinking my
honor you don't have a dog no I okay let
the tail is always it's been really
waiting in the rain for dude look at
your hair is all spiked up I'm going to
get the show for dig up what what is say
is connecting there we go I have no idea
what that was about oh by the way guys
check out this warping how cool is my
goodness we're going to get the soap so
may get the sofa guys ordered tomorrow
hopefully take delivery of that the next
day or or Wednesday hopefully at the
start of this week I've got a few more
things arriving like a new gaming PC for
the live streaming room like the live
streaming room edition gaming PC as well
as some LSR consoles LS are standing for
a live streaming room it's going to be
cool can't wait to show you guys lots of
things happening anyway guys - vanilluxe
that is ben burtt i'll see you guys for
another fantastic week of vlog since
last week has been amazing I've enjoyed
every second of it hope you guys have -
guys click here to subscribe here to
watch yesterday's vlog I'll catch you in
tomorrow's let's smash this week
starting with Monday adios
you
