just always my Saturday at 9 a.m.
meeting I feel absolutely shattered
gnarnia meeting is a long time this is
going to go good sweetheart Saturday
morning early morning meeting wrapped up
in just under an hour is a window
fitting company who's going down a
charity venture and they're doing an
actual mountain climb that they want me
to film so that's what that meeting was
about this morning very good things came
out of it we're getting a few plans
together which is absolutely awesome
Sunday morning I don't have much time to
stick around until this afternoon
I've actually been given by one of my
friends well not given one of my friends
actually owns the gym in Newark and he's
doing a nutrition session this morning
which is in this building right here my
friend bought all of these warehouses
and turn them into a gym is that a
nutrition session on this morning and
he's invited me down
so we get up guys so two meetings over
done with this morning first one went
really well
second one well it wasn't really a
meeting as more of a nutrition session
but afterwards they were like can you
make us a promotional video and also
through our website so got some awesome
work coming in which is brilliant picked
up these two passages from the post
office I get my amazon parcels delivered
to the closed on this because nine times
out of 10 there's somebody not in when
the Amazon delivers of the post office
can go and pick them up one of these is
mine one of them the present for Elliott
its Elliott birthday today so I'm going
to take a pic that this one this one's
mine I just got that wrong did not know
what I was right this one's mine
that one is that these are the devil's a
birthday bro good that's our ticket we
still going out later yeah might know
yeah will be absolutely awesome tip I'm
an ocean birth dinner with them but I
don't know when I got time to give you
present hanami is now a good time yeah
because they are they
ah so sick because I've been so busy
when I've been in the office the last
like four or five times I've been in the
office I haven't managed to come into
this room this is not my storage room
for those of you that are like newly
subscribe button or just keep things
like old mouse mats and going keyboards
and monitors and so get start stuff
getting stolen from here quite often but
allow yourself on this back table here
all this stuff is for the live streaming
room but what I'm looking at is hot I
forgot how awesome this TV is like it's
not even going to focus because it's
just like a razor blade this is a TV
guys if you didn't know that we are
putting in the live streaming room this
sound about under the sub woofer over
there they're a beast so that is going
to go get there or it's going to look so
good so let's talk about something real
quick guys I'm on the carpet in the new
room by the way earlier I came to the
office off-camera
and because I didn't think I'm very
interesting but it's still something to
know install skirting boards either side
of the wall now I want to go ahead and
say a massive thank you to everybody
that just said oh my god Alex the carpet
looks amazing
which it does so thank you for saying
that a few people and I also want to
thank them for this can i were reading
through a few of the comments on the
video I put down this carpet and there
was a comment from somebody right that
had a picture of my car as they're like
displayed picture and I replied to it
because it was ridiculous and it said
something like I am appalled at the
absolutely shoddy workmanship that these
boys have done right
talking talking about the carpet it was
literally like saying is if we committed
a crime I don't know in that video to
explain that underneath the tongue is
cables and I can't get rid of these
humps because the physical cables
underneath the carpet right this kind of
commented he said he was absolutely
appalled by the shoddy workmanship
because of the carpet rubbing on the
cables wearing the cables down and
causing a fire that was totally totally
100% agree with the point right a
hundred percent the way that guy said it
though with his comment and the gym
tone and persona just wasn't needed it
was quite vigorous and mean about two
boys putting down a carpet quite sad
really
underneath his really shoddy stupid
comment was a fair argument having a
carpet on top of a cable could run down
the cable and cause a fire right good
what I did tell you guys was I had an
electrician come round to this room and
quote me to hide these cables to get rid
of them and put them around the
outskirts of the room and it was going
to cost far too much money so I asked
him would it be alright just to not do
this and put the carpet over the top
bare mind this guys are qualified right
electrician and the qualified
electrician told me and there was two of
them in the room mind that it will be it
will be absolutely fine too like this
cable one that's underneath here and I
think it was because it was a certain
millimeter in thickness
he said that type of cable is absolutely
fine to lay carpet on top of it said
nothing will happen at all
so just works a bit of a thank-you for
you guys looking out for me and making
sure all okay on a channel really
appreciate it thank you so much I am
however in the meantime going to get
another electrician round a totally
different one just calling round just so
we can have a look at this and tell me
if it's going to be safe or not because
obviously one electrician has said it's
going to be safe and then someone in the
comment said that it's not going to be
safe the general message always better
to be safe than sorry
we'll check up on it but I put this
carpet down knowing that the original
electrician told me that will be fine to
do so so hopefully you are recording any
fires anytime soon but guys let me know
when you want the first episode we are
ready to start recording guys guys oh
the music I used in my blog I even
listen to it in my spare time but I have
it on in the car I just love the Musee
like to pull all the dark
welcome back guys to my little house at
least get some lights on let's get some
lights already
boom Oh No boom boom what's going down
but I don't bro UK might say why you
gotta say to the blog that much coming
soon but they all know this new merch
coming soon here where there's new mugs
coming soon
yeah but they already know because they
now Berg no need to tell them that boy
I'm Bert yes my Easy's were in there and
why they both here like this
what have you done with the easels but
new ones would guess that they'd known
both ultimate leave you guys hanging
just like that what was in your other
Amazon box well let me tell you this
this is what we've in my other Amazon
box and it's going in here right guys I
mean in the vlog here guys that is going
to be it for today
- Vinayak's I'm a chicken so plug in a
but we're thinking like what the hell is
it what what is that P thing to start
with the people that are new well
because I makeshift baller above this
ridiculous organizer in front of my bar
which by the way for the record I never
take that I only really shower and
pre-painted is all too wide monitor
white cap tilt to the wall HDMI runs
from this computer yeah that's the
computer turns monitor it's got full of
Windows pen on it about MX master mouse
here so as you can see I can open up a
web browser I can do whatever I want
there's a thing right let's say I want
to watch some markers readily click on
his lady's video put it fullscreen and
as you can see little girls into Beauty
here
in coming out of those horrible horrible
horrible monitor speakers no seven it
sounds awful
by the way Marquez movie content you're
an absolute genius there's no thing I've
enjoyed this computer is a Bluetooth
adapter and then I think in here
somewhere I've got a wow this is a cool
piece of kit so you can actually connect
any Bluetooth device to this little
thing like your phone or a computer and
it's going to just output a 3.5
millimeter audio output and that's
literally what a micro USB cable to
constantly keep it powered place it up
in the loft up here where the amplifier
is for the speakers in the ensuite now
to prepare this computer to the little
dongle in the lot and now if we watch it
it will know it works
I can even listen to the world of
Spotify works as well
rest in peace Chester you were an
absolute legend and an inspiration to
thousands
right guys I'm going to go ahead and end
today's vlog here I'm ending it a little
bit early or not early it's like 10:00
p.m. I'm actually going out with Elliot
and a load of his friends and this what
well tonight and tomorrow morning
the guys sound healthy drinks it was
Elliot's birthday today get mr.
president hopefully it likes it my cash
is coming in like five minutes going to
get a lift into town me Elliot from then
on but guys - and Alex you guys been
awesome I hope you've enjoyed today's
vlog guys if you not subscribe to the
channel you can click here and you can
click here to watch yesterday's vlog and
I'll catch you in tomorrow's one
