this is the part of my life I don't
usually show you guys I usually just got
kind of high
it's 7:30 7 a.m. I've got to put this
dish up on this roof and then they'll
get internet from my house which is a
monthly subscription cost like this this
is pretty much how I earn my money five
hours later mornings work complete
installed that little dish on the roof
yeah that one all the way up there then
install this little wireless access
point and then this little wireless
access point hopefully this company is
going to be well running on SuperSpeed
Wi-Fi not hopefully they are running on
Zoom speed Wi-Fi Mars bar seriously i'ma
go just needs like a quick second to
change out my work clothes have a shower
and switch into blog mode there we go
feeling fresh feeling pumped ready for
the vlog it's time to finish this today
well finish it finish it before we start
boy you think it yourself Alex what have
you got this massive white box sleet
bolted to the front seat of the car well
this is actually my hand con you near
home I've got a little ma don't want to
deal with it today but first it's a
little bit overdue I need to pick up the
pier as usual as always thank you guys
for setting this disappear box this is
absolutely absolutely awesome so that
this one on the back II spot great
things never come from comfort zones
love it
so leans back again we have the insane
idea of just getting this thing finished
we put the carpet in the live streaming
room yesterday we have a few of the bits
we need to do until I can 100% say would
you start the series we're going to
finish it those two subscribers were
literally stood there for about 5-10
minutes just watching me until one of
them pulls up the courage to say hi I
don't bite I'm not going to bite just
come say hi boy this is gonna live with
a fresh pair of eyes let's have a look
the carpet the waiter told yesterday
vies wicked awesome
so guys this is it
we are finally well pretty much finished
but a little bit words due tomorrow
morning but this is a monumental time
right now because this means we can
actually start the main channel Siri I
may even get an episode of like I told
you guys by the end of July part 1 and
building the ultimate lives during Bruna
but if you trick some of things I'm
going to be doing in this series it's
going to be super super cools and things
I've told you guys in the vlog but
there's some other things that I just
want to have a little bit suspense about
because I've told you guys everything in
the vlog you click on the video and it
won't be as fun so I'm gonna have some
different little thing climbin I'm going
to do in the main Channel videos for you
guys what we've done today is we have
installed down here this little bit of a
carpet edging here just so it looks a
little bit more finish going on from the
carpet onto the wood here where other
computers are going to sit about that is
looking sweet obviously carpet is down
or hoovered down here there's actually a
great here out here is coming out
there's some nice cool air conditioned
air to about an air conditioner the
background we've put a little them a
little dip pipe which comes out that is
pumping out some nice air conditioned
air to rush the air conditioning in here
now touched up with the painters you can
see that some bits of a little plaster
falling off one window bits of work so
which is to be expected so we've put
some paint on there but it's looking
absolutely awesome I'm so stoked I
actually managed to dig out as well from
old plans of this massive office
building turns out this room used to be
a bathroom right and this was the water
supplies what I assume to be well and
sink or something so we're screwing here
so I don't want to cut it off the thing
is quite aesthetic so this can just
stops it there and it looks pretty sweet
guy that I can remote hiding down there
this is looking awesome we've done a
good job let's leave this place for a
bit we're doing some hard work over the
last two days of there's been a lot of
grinds we've been successful
semi-successful has been really really
good fun as well I think it's time to
have a little bit a little bit of a
chill meal
just painted the front door of the
office it's like super reflective but I
realize I'm super super super happy with
a jobber to make only office I hope all
of you guys of alright are we self
cleaning it up yeah you got me a mars
bar yeah you're a legend I just
genuinely have such awesome subscribers
from the bots my heart thank you so much
doesn't leave just got back from Nando's
with Luke drop Luke back off at his car
at the office and he's driven home I've
driven back here I'm now back home as
you can see I've had some a work shirt
back on I had a little more work it was
a shirt I had on this morning because
the cat not Birds me versus the golden
boys at Betsy here Betsy
he's playing with his mouth like which
is now dead don't expect there I
appreciate that
I've always trying to save this mouse
which clearly I did a really good job of
I picked up the cat as I picked up the
cat she just puked on me right on my
shirt what's your problem Betsy I want
you doing it never plays out out oh joy
there we go finished putting the last of
the items in the peer box section of my
bed as you can see I've got like tons
and tons of fan mail here that I still
need to open speaking of that PA box
time now it now have done this in a
while what is it a t-shirt you guys
gonna send me stuff in a bear box then
oh it's a converse the link is down
there in the description
dear allies my name is James and you're
my favorite youtuber you motivate me to
keep doing stuff like uploading videos
to YouTube I've bought you this present
and I hope you like it I'm that every
day at 6 p.m. every night and I refresh
your page until I see the video I've
been the first view twice on your blog
blown away how you made such of quality
videos and record them on the same day
of separate amazing I love the new
series and mental you guys are amazing
JC vlogs thank you for the converse that
awesome this is my sister do you have
any tips on how I can improve the setup
led the always my name is down on the
lovely videos like I have a suggestion
for the office you could perhaps add
some sound proofing to improve the echo
and also use the ROG gr 5 that's this in
the loft space you could have some
scrolling images on the tech flow set
well look how far we've come now look
how far we've come now Dan look at the
loft space in the office now this is
always he sent us a while back dude look
how far we've come that's amazing thank
you so much for the idea dude he sent me
a little buzz that he wants to send back
to him the load of bigger youtubers
signatures in it so I'll put mine in it
and I'm going to send it back to him
thank you guys so much for the fun mail
as always the peer box
the link is in the description alright
guys I'm going to go ahead and get some
sleep right now this meeting in the
morning and it's almost midnight
in our thing with working and vlogging
it's been super super super super fun is
to enjoy I enjoy putting working
something I say to myself and it's quite
sad because I love cinematography and
films and stuff but I can't remember the
last time I sat down and actually had
the time to watch any YouTube or a film
or or a TV program or an episode of a
series I genuinely can't remember when I
loved to have time to do that he missed
yesterday is a really cool vlog I check
out right here and you're not subscribed
to my youtube channel today giggles and
here you can subscribe clicking here
and tomorrow's globe guys
