hey guys good morning to you all guys
how are y'all doing behind you is of
course honest guys and welcome
yourselves back do another daily vlog
guys we're here in England we've got a
lot of snow at the moment it's still
snowing yesterday we took my car out
that guys that was super fun if you
missed that go ahead and watch it but
today we still got snow and my friend
Barney has rented a 4x4 sand Aldys
really nice he's currently coming to the
office computer be quiet
he's currently guys on his way to the
office right now we're gonna go and see
if we can buy a sled and take this 4x4
off-road attach the sled to the back of
it I'm hoping in about 17 hours when
today is over that I don't have a broken
back or broken leg or broken anything so
guys I need to go and see if we can find
a sled to buy in town first off I want
no dress I want to address this video
yeah I've got a bit cocky my car is fine
I was out last night doing drifts and
stuff and I did lots of successful
drifts and then there I just I hit a bit
of ice and when you hit ice there's
nothing you can do and the car hit a
curb but everything is fine it looked
worse than it was and I'm glad I got it
on video
everything is fine let's go find it sled
right so coming to work OHS in the hopes
to find some sort of a sled it's not as
cook they put you put your bum on now
and just cut that bit off your Harry
Potter mate let's get one of these and
just take all the stuff off it maybe
that would work okay so guys maybe were
a little late to the party
Wilkinson's don't have any sledges so
we're gonna go and try Sports Direct but
if Sports Direct don't having it have a
better idea of how we're gonna do this
should I go we will just buy a
wheelbarrow actually guys scrub that
we're gonna go straight back to work OHS
and we're going to buy the wheelbarrow
and we're going to dismantle it and make
this into our little death 'mobile this
is gonna be really cool okay guys this
is the plan
they fell in wilkinson's no sleds but
they sell wheelbarrows plastic ones and
metal ones we're going to get a metal
one take all the bottom off it and drill
through it and then hopefully attach it
to the car let's do it we are sorted
okay so win-win right in our favor she
accidentally put it through the plastic
one so we got a metal wheelbarrow that
was meant to be 35 pounds for 30 today
is going well so far
Bonnie trying to put a wheelbarrow in
the cars the funniest thing I've seen in
a while
the only one thinks I'm a let's put the
seat down oh wow take off the wheel we
need to take off this just so it's the
metal tin and then we'll attach some
GoPro mounts to it and some rope this is
gonna be amazing
oh it's similar it has less that's
mental
we're going to die and then this just
comes out yeah touch it
wait for that it's called out to the 4x4
right you're gonna put the brakes on
this is what is left of our wheelbarrow
so you push this through here tie a
couple of knots in it like this and with
some luck this Cable will not pull back
through and then two of them sort it
feel for its legislation and then we go
goes just like that ah this is brilliant
this is the best ledge over this is
absolutely sick test out mine and
Barney's latest contraption in the snow
okay do you know what it is yeah it's a
snowmobile
there's attached to the back of Barney's
car you want to do the first test mate
you're gonna need to put your wellies on
and you're gonna need gloves and
everything excited then bro this is
really cool isn't it
keep going out
that's it mate yeah so it it was
pick about sick
as men so
bro high-five who's that sick always out
so you haven't good old bum who's the
Olsen was it as we have made we have
made this in about half an hour and it's
absolutely awesome
okay guys what we need to do next is go
to a road that's a little bit longer and
that we can get possibly a little bit
more speed up down and obviously I'm not
gonna put Jacob in that one this time
the test subject is over I'm gonna go in
it and hopefully out
don't kill me Riley please don't kill me
and that's what you guys want this if we
turn this corner hopefully all the way
oh wow this is it this is it all the way
down here it's just now it's just gonna
be the little corners they're gonna be
difficult
hey are they so going get in it come on
right then glimpse on now it's my turn
to get some serious speed I'm gonna die
okay we're gonna take out a dog walker
or something guys I think I'm legit
gonna die but we've got this fun ready
let's do it
Oh God okay here we go
this is a local fans have come
three thing guys that was absolutely
awesome the very bad guys that managed
to get those fans involved at the end we
were literally just sledging around my
local village and there was a load of
kids out and they were like oh my god
are you Mars bar and which I replied
with no my name's Alex but it was super
fun guys interacting with them I've
never interacted with like you guys like
fans on such a like a personal level
we literally have them in the car but
all taking turns riding this it was
really really cool so guys all of you
thank you for being very very awesome
subscribers
unfortunately guys we did lose a member
of the team today my GoPro 5 actually
got chewed up underneath the tire I
think the cameras alright I haven't had
a chance to look at the footage on it or
I'll still see if it works you guys see
my camera falling over all the time look
at a lot of questions saying I like she
don't treat your camera very well
considering this is a very expensive
expensive camera and they always think
guys there's like a line like if you
have time to like really treat your
camera well and set up every single shot
is that really true is that really my
life I want to be able to come and just
throw this camera down place it there
and start filming things and not have to
worry about it and sometimes along with
that things do get broken my actual
amount for my GoPro got really queued up
so I had a spare one in the office look
you can buy these things fake ones on
eBay for the GoPro Hero 5 for like 20 P
each so I just buy these and just hope
the cameras have broken but brilliant
vlog today guys even if it is loose we
think guys I'm gonna go ahead and head
home and guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
video or audio
oh my god this is actually crazy me
trying to get home and some the brakes
already slammed oh my god what miss stop
I'm not gonna stop I'm not gonna stop oh
my god oh my god
