good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex and no one
ever asks how I'm doing I'm really upset
everybody hates me guys everybody hates
me because yesterday I did a video on
Apple's home pod and I said it was it
was absolute rubbish right maybe saying
everybody hates me is a bit of an over
exaggeration but there was a few people
when I do videos bashing on Apple
products a lot if you subscribe this
channel I apologize at that but I'm
spending a lot of money on something you
know I want it to work this happened
yesterday mental don't want to clear a
few things up after yesterday's video
the one point I was actually really
disappointed with Apple for was the fact
that I actually spent the money on two
of these and in the store in the Apple
store the lovely lovely assistant and I
have no problem with any personnel that
work at Apple she asked me why I was
buying too as to which I stated that I
wanted to use them in a stereo pair she
didn't tell me that this feature wasn't
available or that it was coming later
this year I filmed this clip for
yesterday's video but I didn't include
it I didn't think I had to but this is
legitimate evidence that Apple's website
didn't say that it was coming later this
year look I scroll down on the UK site
and it just says create a stereo you
know you know it doesn't say it's not
available or but then on the American
site coming later this year
I recorded this yesterday for this video
I just didn't include it everybody was
like Alex oh you dumb do some research
before buying I did but apparently is
available a lovely subscriber of mine
hit me up on Twitter and I'm gonna say
is I hear it's at official JP media and
he said if you go on to the iOS beta it
unlocks the stereo power option guys so
on the new beta of the iOS this is the
beta yes it's saying use as a stereo
pair homebodies ready 30 seconds later
Apple that was simple - if I click that
now only one of them's working and
looking online however they currently
operate separately and not in stereo
I've tried it twice the home pods are
not communicating with each other it's
not just me that's having this issue I'm
not just making videos guys to bash on
Apple all I'm saying is the guys over at
Sonos must be rolling on the floor
laughing for just releasing such an
unfinished product it's just a little
bit disappointing and I really hope that
Apple can release some updates to sort
this out well right now guys I'm not
very happy my grandma's well my
grandma's TV erial has just fallen down
so I need to go round and sort that out
we had guys a bit of a storm last night
whoa guys do you have any idea what this
is
this says data zone 19-inch standard
cabinet careful glass how heavy is this
thing okay so to give you some scale
this is how big this thing is
you guys know recently that I'm decked
out the entirety of the loft with
assistant Luke to install this rack and
inside of this wrap I'll give all of you
one pound every time I say the word rack
inside the rack is going to be my
network for my entire wireless business
I need somebody to help me take that
home not today swinging guys into the
office on a Sunday still haven't figured
out I'm going to be giving away all of
this Corsair gear yeah estimate guys how
much is on here we've got two of these
headset three the four of these headsets
extended Mouse map three of the RGB
Mouse map who I think k55 do m65 my
staff yes me to give away to you guys
never ever say I don't care about you
cuz I love you actually guys let me know
in the comment section down below if you
know a youtuber you know youtuber that
does more giveaways but for today guys
is Sunday I haven't forgotten hashtag
ask miles Jamie says what's the best and
worst thing about where you live
definitely the best thing is I kind of
live in a nature reserve like my house
at the moment is in a nature reserve so
at night you can hear like all types of
awesome animals and every single night I
go to sleep listening to the the toot of
an owl and also another good thing is
it's kind of in the middle of nowhere
surrounded by fields so it's really
really quiet but then I'm also five
minutes away from my local town and
luckily enough my local town is where my
office is the worst thing about where I
live is the winter gets super super dark
super early here but on top of that we
get a lot of cloud cover
so then it
even darker considering I pick up a
camera every day to record my life and
cameras need a lot of light sources
camera question Alex when you shoot
promo videos is it better to use auto or
manual focus well in my position right
now I'd say it depends on on the camera
the camera I'm shooting this one guys
right now actually has incredible
autofocus as you can see I won't even
need to look at this to confirm it but
if I hold my keys up there they'll just
be in focus I know the world and then as
soon as I take them away I'll be in
focus again it's insane but with
promotional stuff I'd say use manual
focus because when you're shooting a
promotional video you're trying to bring
the attention of the viewer to something
and the rule 101 of bringing a users
attention to something in video is to
use focus whatever you're focusing on
the user brings their attention right to
that will you do a video on the main
channel dedicated to your Pierre box
please well I get a lot of letters from
you guys which I absolutely love
but tell me if I'm wrong kind I don't
think you guys had want me to sit there
just reading out fan letters I'd really
do appreciate those though and I read
them off camera I would love to do that
but to make those videos interesting I'd
either have to buy myself things which
are know a lot of other youtubers do and
just pretend that pin sent to the Pierre
box but I don't really like doing fake
stuff so for that to work I need you
guys to send me some cool stuff to the
Pierre box so the link is down there in
the description guys it's just the
address and anything you want if I get
some cool parcels yes you're I try and
make it a quarterly thing to do a peer
box video on the main channel saying
that it's cool because I would like to
use the main channel a lot more thoughts
on the Apple home pod is it really worth
buying a 350 pound dollar speaker well
hold your horses there it's not really
smart I'll give you that but go ahead
and watch yesterday's video because they
did a entire video dedicated to that
would you close yourself as being in a
rich family keep up the good vids man
good I get this question all the time no
must be fun of the of the word rich but
yeah my family is kind of wealthy my dad
works very very hard got a lot of
respect for him I've said this numerous
times along the channel but I have three
main inspirations in the world in no
particular order one of them is Casey
nice tat the other one is my dad and the
other one is his dad
granddad who unfortunately passed away
of cancer three things those three
people have in common and that is that
they work hard and they are humble my
father does things that I couldn't even
dream of doing because of every single
day without fail at 6:30 a.m. puts on a
suit and goes to work doesn't get home
until 10:00 a.m. he's away a lot
he works very very hard and often what
my dad says to me is Alex there's no
such thing as a work and life balance
create a life as to which you love your
work right guys I'm gonna end up this
little Q&A there on Sunday a real
awesome mix of questions if you guys
want to ask me questions hashtag me on
Twitter ask Mars no spaces no caps
Jacob bushes FaceTime to me he wants me
to go back and have a look at is Xbox
for Sweden guys are all showered up for
this Sunday evening hey bro how are you
can we do fortnight what do you mean
comedy fortnight I installed it for
yesterday is it not working and I want
to check out if it is working no one's
coming up with you yep
right then dude what you need to do is
click on my games and apps over there
down on the bottom corner this one and
then go ahead up there click on
fortnight and then click sign in and now
wait for it yeah it should come on right
now it's not for you keep correcting me
I don't play this game I know a lot of
you guys do though so let me know if I
should start streaming this in the live
streaming room because I really have no
idea what games you guys would like me
to stream and I've got some free time
coming up this week so I'd love to get
live with you guys and hey bro
would you like to join me yeah why don't
we do it boom bird you know how much it
costs to build a computer we can't just
build one every week bro what a gaming
computer yeah you know what bro
maybe if you
to me wearing a hairnet
