Oh
they'd over at Maria's last night I need
to leave now though because I'm in a
massive rush bye Maria that was that
I'll buy with it
yeah bye night-night 3:00 in the
afternoon giveaway giveaway give a
giveaway send in the giveaway items
after this is a giveaway that Bluetooth
speakers take into the post office
hopefully they'll get it tomorrow
my mom hired yeah but what a little
thing right and my original plan
yesterday which absolutely failed was to
go to carpet right and ratchet-strap the
carpet to the top of my mini cooper john
cooper works right the mini tiny little
car muttered carpet it was a it was
going to be a fun idea seventy-five
percent of you said i should do it
twenty-five percent of you said I
shouldn't do it like give or take I came
to the adults conclusion last night that
we should hit my friend Luke up here
because he knows someone that has this
car and you can drive it and it's a big
color a lot of spaces back here we're
going to go pick up this carpet and get
it installed
oh wait Jesus see that one a lot bigger
than our members over I'm filming I'm a
vulgar I'm a vlogger I've heard of a
blogger before released the band for
brain gone thank for that being too
personal how much was that in yet
the more times all concern about the
vlogs in the actual conflict which is
now in the back by the way we're just in
the middle of done help super small we
win we've got it in windows down we need
to get it back but we knitted screw fix
and some of the places first to get some
bits to actually make this work
we made it the next shot you see you're
gonna laugh oh let's gives me the carpet
it's been folded very strangely and it's
crucial that we get a cough it up into
the room and unfold as it seems
comfortable so there's no creases in the
carpet let's see what's in that crap
text to the users really yeah kill
someone with that I'll put a carpet
kicker and that's what you used to kick
the carpet out on the corner so you can
get it absolutely perfect without any
creases in it going to look absolutely
awesome
Oh
moving the final things off the carpet
on our garage is amazing Oh
so is it genuinely what you guys are
saying laws it sighs pot yo looks like
fresh mind I didn't think he was going
to look this good neither didn't we and
look like we just didn't think that we
were going to be able to make this look
so good and we've been looking I'm just
saying that we just didn't think the
carpet people will go to this sort of a
length as to what we've done that we've
cut out the intricate design between
each one of these little old studs here
we've taken this thing so long guys hope
you understand this is taken literally
been in here six seven hours that you're
doing this the Sun has now set it is
dark outside I've hardly clogged
anything today how you can understand
first time I've ever put a carpet before
then it sort of semi-professionally the
car Freightliner the carpet underlay
whatever you want to call it we haven't
got one of those down but still it feels
really good actually walking it doesn't
feel like it needs one absolutely
awesome it's all pushed into the edge of
not coming away only bad thing I'd say
about it is that some angles and only at
some angle you can see this is the
biggest one here there's a cable
underneath the carpet now I had a quote
from the electrician to get rid of the
cable it was too much for what it's
worth I'd rather just keep a little hunk
there underneath underneath the
carpeting I sort of put it over here you
can see it's there the corner sofa is
going to go here so you're not even
going to see anyway on the level though
that is that I just genuinely thought
that this was going to be a lot harder
than it was it's been time-consuming
it's taken us a lot of hours to do this
never put a carpet down before cut
corners here and there I want to show
you guys think absolutely I can't really
show you where I'm climbing but I got
too much shoes on but let me show you
guys that you won't notice any
difference and I can't physically feel
any difference whatsoever so for some
reason there was a massive hole that big
as my hand drilled in the concrete about
here which is exactly why we're going to
be walking through because the sofas
going to be there genuinely didn't have
time to fill it with concrete and I
didn't have any concrete on me or
anything to fill the whole way so I
thought on the spot what can we do or
went out for the driveway in the office
right got a load of gravel
filled the hole with gravel super glued
down like proper superglue what would
you call the super glue like industrial
glue that sticks anything together put
some cardboard over the top of it and
now you can literally it's somewhere
around here I just can't feel it
whatsoever I told you guys this is going
to be a barge is one of the best budgets
I have ever done
in my life and honestly thank you for
Luke to helping me out because I
wouldn't be able to do it without him
and this has been honestly you can do
anything where you put your mind to it I
know it sounds stupid oil as you put
down a carpet I know this is taken as
hours and we didn't know what we're
doing it's a lot more difficult than it
it first appeared to put one of these
things down but we've done it and we're
happy and it looks awesome I hope all of
you guys like this is something I've
bought for myself and I think it's going
to be absolutely life-changing well
that's it if you're doing DIY jobs I
will we've done today this is something
that you need in your life if you like
or love this isn't this package you
sneak it right I have been in the office
where we have been the offices far too
long today I need to call it a break I'm
getting a headache and I'm hungry go to
an awesome awesome job I can't go here
nuda we're going to pull us Alicia's
they have no idea where you Oliver is
Gillen I'm dinner I am trying to pull
over
hello Bob we got
hello do I hear you I'm good okay and
you break into no boundaries it was a
cat on the side of the road what's that
yeah why I'm back cat boys last time to
drink alcohol I knew you were they knew
all I was of course they do because they
pull me every single time I knew you
would call me every time it's so
annoying
you have another subscriber there they
were like all our sergeant watches every
one of your videos really yeah
alright go down here and just close the
laughs the coppers he just spoke they're
just breathalyze Luke and they're just
following those like they're going to
end up following us back to my house you
just pull up it yeah look at them and I
in front of us focus where are you going
indicate that stupid ear I just got the
policeman not indicating to turn around
until Bend
I'm going to go ahead and end today's
vlog here it is literally getting a live
right now I've got lives at 7 a.m. in
the morning to go to a client's house to
do a network insource I'll see you guys
in literally about 5 hours for another
daily vlog guys the grind never stopped
the only thing guys do you put your mind
to it guys so now - nights you guys have
been awesome guys Dale's and keep
smiling click here to watch yesterday's
vlogs here to subscribe see you in
tomorrow's one oh yeah
Oh
Oh
