it was an answer
well guys good afternoon welcome to the
vlog here in well what looks to be like
overcast Newark like this this cloud
doesn't look like it's going to permit
what I want to do today but welcome to
the team 11 house oh I'm gonna be
outside that's like fully dead okay I'm
not gonna be able to revive you I was
going to try and use the water and the
water of sugar method see if I could
revive them but it looks like it's
totally gone so I'm going to plan today
one I want to executed a one that I
think that I can do by myself but I
probably can't but I'm going to be
optimistic and see and see if I can do
it I asked you guys are they always do
what you guys think I should do in
yesterday's vlog 75% of you said do what
I'm about to do and 25% of you that
don't do what I'm about to do so I'm
going to do what the 75% of you said I
should do but even if nobody said I
should do it I'm probably still going to
do it anyway because it's going to be
fun if it works and even funnier if it
doesn't work I'm going to lose my phone
gonna need some key guys let's do this
and please I beg don't rain
well I'll failed and apparently the
country shops closed everything else is
still open it says online that it's
still up for hire like sir just want my
goodies what McCarthy
uh huh no sir guys I just thought of
come up here and address a few of the
comments that I saw in yesterday's video
or actually went and reserved the little
carpet or the day before yesterday ok so
the first comment that I saw was from
someone being like really rude and they
said them I can't wait to see this our
words fit the carpet it doesn't know a
thing or two about fitting carpets and
the comlinks it the clip needs an R word
and yeah you're correct the fact that I
don't have to put a carpet I have
literally no idea when you lay a carpet
or when you put a carpet down usually
have to put down what's called a base
layer and install a little spikes around
the edge of the room for the carpet to
buy into so it doesn't move this room is
never meant to be professional it's a
bodge I'm doing it myself with budge
this thing together it's going to be
awesome when it's spinning is these
cables to go to the light fixtures in
the room below this one and I can't move
them so I'm just going to do my best as
route than one disease the corner sofa
and as far as not using carpet spikes
here's my plan what I'm going to do is
put the carpet all the way up against
the wall we've still carpet spikes on
the underneath of some skirting board
there's stuff like big holes in the
floor like this I'm just literally going
to fill that hole in and just flat it
out we have already and we are cutting
corners in some places it's nothing too
serious it's just a bit of fun creating
an attic space into a room and I think
we've done pretty well so far
but as always as we look to hear from
you guys if you have any any suggestions
feel free to let me know on Twitter or
in the comments section down below I
wish I could make some sort of like car
vlogging rig or something which isn't
working and I'm thinking it's a little
bit dangerous so I'm going to pull over
and okay so guys we've got a few things
one talk about whilst I'm in the car the
main one a question I've been getting
quite often is Alex where the hell is
the new PC that you said you're going to
be building what's going down with that
you said ages ago the courser and msi
were teaming up to build you a new pc
for for the house for the home sent up
I've got something absolutely awesome
show you guys
you can sit here and try to tell people
about computers and things so right you
guys come closer to look at my phone but
obviously I know how to build a computer
not very well but I can build one and if
I wanted a new computer I could just
build it myself
I built the one that's up there at the
moment I built the computers in it the
office other than the gr8 m8 iron
quarter hit me up with an opportunity
and they said to me look Alex we want to
get one of our PC specialists right and
it's not like a PC specialist in more
than that they're revealing the PC at
insomnia right so I might even going to
be there on insomnia on the Friday I
don't think I'm getting down on a
Saturday so all the people that are
there on the Friday are going to get to
see my PC at the thinker's of the
Corsair boo before I've even seen it in
real life it's going to be on there
isn't going to be on display we can have
a look at it obviously I don't touch it
or break it because I kind of want to
use it
Dave the Builder of this PC has a
website called bit - tech vit - tech -
this - this is all my PC so these are
the custom cables that are going to be
going inside of the PC and as you can
see they're actually cutting the cables
down for the perfect size for for the
inside of the computer right but this is
just the start of all of it and as I
cook them cable clamping for all the
cables not only pushing the surface let
me show you this next thing right this
is just going to be a small example
the extremes that they're going through
with this PC so this is a standard water
block spring placing it and then you get
there and then there's actually a light
behind it which lights up my M logo on
the CPU cooler like ah as all the photos
I have at the moment that I can show you
guys but I'm super full super super
slides where it can't wait to actually
get it in my hands and show you guys but
oh yeah that's just an example of some
of the smaller little things they're
doing to the build as I say they're
going to go all out on it they're going
to go mental the models are working
extremely hard it's going to be it's
going to be probably guys I've been
putting this off for such a long time
and I really need to get it done but I
need Chloe Alex to explain why I need to
get this done
/ - Chloe Alex thanks normal Alex so in
this box down here is the Bluetooth
speaker that I said I was going to be
giving away to wanted you guys that
commented really bad but funny joke on
the vlog so pick the winner it's all
boxed up the address is on that side of
the box there you go that's all ready to
be shipped off to the winner tomorrow
thanks ker way Alex so I need something
else to give away and I'm not on your
potential other items going to be yet
but I have a feeling that if I clean out
this room we'll find something
and it really really really needs to be
done
Oh No
three hands guys check this out look
what I have done this was an absolute
monstrosity before and I've cleared it
all out everything has its place we've
got the action cameras all set there we
got well I'm missing a lens I've lost
the lens I think about our unaware
lenses that I own got this like spare
monitor here microphones
I'm literally finding things I didn't
even know existed do you know l didn't
know existed a lot of stuff in here that
oh okay that's fine a lot of stuff in
here that I'm actually wanting to give
away to you guys so I found this iPad
box here
and actually in this iPad box is not one
iPad but but two two iPads - they're
only iPad twos but there are
unfortunately the lock to iCloud so I
need to figure out a way to to get those
unlock so I can pay somebody to unlock
them or figure it out and lock them up
and give them away to you guys thinking
of tablets they also found this which I
didn't even realize that I owned an Asus
then pad 10 that literally I don't think
I've ever wants you yeah look I'm going
to use this thing no purse or the
charges still all intact haven't even
touched it so yeah I found that that's
living in there and then the disc gaming
headset by Asus called this like those
three things to give away those iPods if
I can lock them this headset here and
then that then pad there which and I
didn't realize they owned two guys make
sure you subscribe drop a like rating
and tell me in the comment section down
below which one you'll prefer and if
there's a lot for the iPad I'll try and
get them unlock that's that it's cleaner
I can actually physically close the door
now
but guys since we're doing things
ourselves and we're getting on with the
live streaming room we're going to get
this carpet in as soon as the carpets in
we're going to start with the series so
I think it's time wait a minute let's
change location let's change locations
to here what I'm going to do an
old-fashioned Ebates spree so my YouTube
friends Philip Bloom actually had a sale
for a load of his items earlier today a
load of it or gear that you didn't want
it put pictures of it on Twitter and
said I want this amount today isn't a
month is this about this I bought
something off him I bought off Phillip
today the rode ntg3 for an absolute
steal of a price it's a microphone a
proper broad
grade microphone I've got it for a
ridiculous price like better than half
price of him and I'm going to use it for
the live streaming room but to make that
microphone work you need an audio
interface here's one on ebay and 74
pounds the Focusrite Scarlett will do
the job but it's almost 100 pounds on
Amazon go straighten my basket there
they are straighten my basket hdmi
cables we'll have two of them straight
in my basket I need a USB 3.0 five meter
extension repeater cable to get from the
computer to the sofa in the live
streaming room that is going to be my
basket we're gonna need a shot man for
the microphone sir window don't get any
vibration going straight in my basket
you know what a mic stand that one
should do the trick straighten my basket
there we go look that's what we want
some of these let's get let's get one
big one and then we'll do four small one
and then we need some ethernet cables
let's get four of them add to basket
there we go we're doing checking out one
seven two five one reason I'm doing
these is because I'm keeping a massive
tally like I genuinely have like a tally
of how much that live-streaming room has
cost so all the stuff that's going in
there all the stuff we're buying for
that room I'm making a cost sheet of
everything so I can you know what it's
done we can look back and think how much
have we spent on this we're trying to do
it on a budget with in things on eBay
we're binding secondhand so there is all
a bit I'm going to proceed to checkout
with that delivery address to the office
right guys it's very pink in my room
I've got a big vlog planned tomorrow the
one that I was going to shoot today let
me know if you guys want me to do the
giveaways of the stuff that I've cleared
out in this roof other than that guys
hope everybody is okay guys money's been
Alex you guys have been awesome gasm to
stay awesome keep smiling by the way
nobody got injured after yesterday's
attacks at the office I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog Libby faces
