it won't be right come into Nando I just
rushed here super super quick numbers
with Jordan Elliott I've had a load of
words this morning and I wasn't sure if
I was going to make it down in time
managed to put my settle to the medals
managed to get here in time here's
Jordan Elliott's order around checking
out those right Nando's consumed into
the Apple so we got something for toxins
my favorite coffee shops coffee house
the angel angel coffee house right here
just to simply upload yesterday's vlog
that's all done now with Anne Carroll
with today's one enjoying a nice latte
on the angel coffeehouse you don't know
this place and you come round link it
come visit them because my favorite
coffeehouse and also also do my work for
the magic their wife I said a wife I'd
wrap it
they also want some CCTV installing so
I'm going to do that very soon right all
good video uploaded Elleni good I'm
going to write with a lost Jordan that's
good to work but Elliot and I you said
it's going to help me on today's vlog so
we need to get to the office 3 so we're
back in the office
Elliot company√≠s anyways have a look at
this - let's do this right we've got
something to embark I don't buy a chair
I look at the description 5% off use
code MPG happy in there I thought I like
to exaggerate when he carries parcels no
no no no this is genuinely really heavy
right click revolutions which would not
a long board I don't it doesn't look
like a lumbar this is not a long board
there's another I'd like a box with it
look at that we're in right there get up
give me first how is this gonna fit in
this box like what let's try and get
this that can't be an electric it's tiny
oh my god it actually is oh look at that
so cool it's so small it that's amazing
on the controller if those have got well
green full charge for the controller and
for the skateboard itself on for too
much at the back of it I think we need
to try this outside
there's gonna be a little review of this
little this little mini little
skateboard
what better target for a review of an
electric skateboard than a newbie that's
never been another electric skateboard
introduced earlier Camaros coming to the
front come here my friend this is your
controller are actually putting it over
you push it up to go forward and then
back is the brake and that's all it's
going to do but the brake is very sharp
yeah yeah you need to be careful if you
know in the ledger escapable before the
first thing you notice is how much power
they have okay so they all have
brushless motors they all have pretty
good motors in them and depending on how
light you are I'm genuinely like quite a
small human but it's not just how fast
they go as the top speed it's the
acceleration because it's electric you
push it forward and it just takes off
we go forward the break is really strong
so you need to just slightly edge it in
forever your shoulder it's like it's
really light as well so like if you just
go and like the commute some way you can
literally just hold it and just let
place it down it's just so small and
just out the way downside it doesn't
have a performance of a bigger electric
skateboard upside it's portable and
really kind of cool but this is the test
can the mini state skateboard do both of
us I'm going too slow so going forward
right hahaha I don't believe it do it in
the description if you guys want to
check it out whatever each other well he
said the bigger ones in the big ones we
better get a bigger one
yes yeah so how does pros that it's
small I know how this cons it's not as
fast but I think the pros outweigh the
cons I would get a bigger board if
you're in the market for one of these
bonds the others kicking us cable with
me there's a problem pull up banner you
don't want to actually let me go go on
and show buddy I can do one two there we
go so Jim Garrett thanks for those
Fernandez earlier bro and thanks for
checking out the electric skateboard
with me it's quite quite a cool man
you're kinda like it just a quick one
before you go can we just ask a quick
question in the blood of which choose
people prefer the easy or the white
ultra beasts comment below home because
Elliot said he was going to the gym as
he left the office and I said dude I was
going to give up and use the gym in my
house he said to come to the gym come to
the gym with me I can get you in for
free so I don't know what he means by
that
I'm sure there's kind of some legality
involved in that gang into a gym for
free gym with Elliot let's hope I can
get you got me in win-win
punk r43 dude go down one down oh god oh
god what is it
it's awakened oh how heavy three guys
Jim session all finished with Elliot
that was awesome it was super cool going
to the gym with somebody else there to
actually like motivate you and counting
with you and and spot you and it was
just nice having somebody else though
it's hard to explain read people's
videos like light-hearted and energetic
and with fun and always positive trying
to like motivate you guys but there's
some bad things that happened that we
just need to talk about so something
today and I put this out on snapchat as
and when it happened something today
happened outside my office now I didn't
video it because it was very in the heat
of the moment however it involves a car
crash two men in balaclavas and as a
policeman told me acid and a knife now
I'm not sure where this acid and this
knife have come from because this is
what the policeman told me but nothing
about the acid or knife is online but
outside the office today's it's been
seven police cars
- absolutely totaled cars like written
off one of them was an Aldi one of them
was like a massive van it also involved
a police helicopter
it was scary okay men in balaclavas were
running through town as eyewitnesses
nothing else has come out of the story
yeah this is just all I can see see
online and the information that the
police officers have told me and all of
this happened just before Elliot and I
arrived at the office today I didn't
want to talk about it in the moment
because I didn't want to skew any
information and I didn't want to get
anything wrong and that but now some
stuffs come out this is the only report
I've found online about this and there's
nothing else and it's still very unsure
just a little public announcement to all
of you guys please stay saying if you're
driving and you've got a car please
Drive say just be vigilant and just be
wary when you're out and about because
there's a lot of
happening nowadays and it breaks my
heart of anybody especially one of you
guys that watches my videos also
supports what we do here online one of
the marzipan get her to that would you
guys know this anyway and just chatting
just to make sure all of you guys are
okay just a little reminder just to stay
aware I love you guys so much thank you
so much for all the support recently on
Monday Jim today back running tomorrow
morning guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog I hope you all okay guys remember
to stay awesome keep smiling
you
Oh
