shout out this class-based working on me
to create this vlog today need to be
required 6:30 a.m. for people asleep in
there
don't be asleep in the morning I'm
absolutely knackered guys Monday
3.5 miles 713 pace I was doing runs 750
750 9 pace three months ago now I'm down
to 713 714 the other day added a 7/10
you can do it put your back into it so
part of myself you can do a little
better to it Monday morning the main
reason I've come out for a run so early
is because it's 8:30 right now the post
office should have just opened had
something delivered from Amazon to the
post office because I keep missing my
Amazon deliveries at home hello hello
family where she wishes and like a
grandma again she has well more tech for
me to install well not really tech is
that it's you view box this is how
people get TV in the in the UK last one
packed up and Cheer well generally TV so
new one all installs under there you're
not ringing that it's going to work I
promise they're yelling steak restaurant
so there's your manual you can have a
read of that thank you thanks for the
fruitcake grandma what am i seeing of it
will do bye have a great time bye have a
great time so today guys is move various
guests occur that means the giveaway I
know it's all been on your mind the
giveaway for this has officially ended I
need to pick someone in in the comment
section just because I giveaways and it
doesn't mean you can stop liking the
videos I appreciate this when you drop
likes and comments and stuff just tell
me how your days binge tell me how your
days been I'm gonna get this bad boy
sent off clear evolution of some
something was in there guys
absolutely awesome but right I'm fed up
I'm fed up today is the day to open this
box
today is the day for me to express to
you guys when I'm fed up and for me to
do something about it
I'm better right because the majority of
you guys said there's my microphone
either not the majority of you guys said
suck off the carpet man right that's
pretty much what the majority of is
there a lot of people tell I'll just
wait till Monday if they contact you is
now well midway through Monday
heard not they may take your dad's
advice and Sakuma will do something
about it are so good understand that
though when you ask somebody else to do
a professional job for you and you want
it done quickly and they fail to deliver
that's really disappointing really
really disappointing all right let's do
something about this ourselves
three note down ten foot forward slash
one three six inches I created your neck
right let's write let's do this I'm
fully motivated I feel I can do this
bill to run this morning Monday morning
also sorted out grandma in the office
super early with measured up I don't
know where to go hey Siri search Google
for carpet you think doing this all day
carpet right I'm sure nothing can go
wrong oh my god smells of carpet oh wow
you can just buy carpets you let you
just buy a carpet I can do this myself
I could have done this myself all along
let me just do this ourselves I've never
been in a carpet shop before we we just
like surrounded by carpet so I've been
watching what other people are doing and
people are literally coming up to the
carpet and like feeling it like what
you're gonna be doing crawling around on
it not looking for anything too
expensive this says value on a big
yellow sign so this just might be what
we're looking for
look a nice look at um Oh
okay I found one look 149 pounds that's
really apparently quite cheap for carpet
so just I just looked online and found
my information it's a bit bigger than
what we need but we can Quade down
ourselves do this I hope guys
hey I'm like I'm a blogger guy like I do
videos about what I do with my life
alright today I'm in a carpet shop and I
just wondered what your procedures were
with all this I just have someone quite
fit it or can I just take that home with
me and your concern also though if you
want to do well just fold open for Bucky
Carter we can see saving you can get
someone excellent plastic for you
success I reserved a carpet for a lot
cheaper than what I think or assumed I
was going to pay for it with you the
people who didn't even get back to me we
win right I complained in yesterday's
vlog that I didn't have any data so the
guys that Corey's hit me up in they were
like you Alex come in store we've got
something for you and seeing this carpet
right it's sort of right next to Corey's
and I never even realized that I'm going
to I'm gonna nip into Corey's it got me
a 4G router and a SIM card with six Giga
data on it
sweetie it's working I already had Wi-Fi
in the car anyway but I'll put this new
Rueter in the back and it seems to be
working fine thank you for the data you
guys are legends
it's crazy it's crazy what things happen
when you put your mind to it and just
like well I'm gonna get this done I'm
gonna do it carpet all secured we've got
this look at my car Wi-Fi is absolutely
licked three that car rolls literally
huge my guy who did it a little bit of
believing in ourselves and a little bit
of optimism and it's done and it was as
simple as that
so if you guys were paying attention
recently I've been telling you guys that
I've been designing some new you know
try and design some new merch for you
guys doing it all myself while
attempting to I think about to bring in
some designers too as well I don't think
I don't think I can do this myself and
trying to I don't think a can I'm not
other I am my own worst critic
everything I do I criticize it far too
much bringing out some new merch I'm
also bringing out a new website
alongside that you guys there Mars bar
doctor at UK and it has like all of my
texts that I use to do everything just a
bit about me instead of going to update
all of that alternative stuff coming on
this platform we call YouTube right here
I'll talk about a little bit
talk about that in tomorrow's vlog I've
had a few negative things that have
affected me at the start and up till now
in 2017 now most of that is out of the
way I'm really going to try and nail on
with this YouTube thing and just have
fun
you know come out onto this well into
this field flown the drone it's been fun
dual camera operators allows flying the
drone
Elya topping the camera looked
absolutely awesome from the phone hope
the footage was even better what
anything take the flying with me bro did
I make you make I told you guys the
other day that I've got a plan or like a
project that I want to work on this week
alongside what's going on you know over
at the operation are getting all that
sort of going to do that ourselves drop
a like rating if you think that I should
go and collect the carpet myself I said
to them that they want like 20 pounds of
deliver to the office I said look I'm
going to go back think about it drop a
like if I should ratchet strap it or
attempt to watch that attempt to ratchet
strap it to the top of my car or just
tell me if I'm just being a little bit
silly with that I'd be fun in case it
failed and this right here is the
website I applied but absolutely years
this is my actual like media company
website and it's like super super slick
and then I've got my master of Mars my
website where this is the size I want to
redo it has like an about me and all my
channels and stuff and like a little Q&A
and it's really outdated so I want to
redo this but these were done on a
website called where a website creation
service called called Squarespace
so as you can see especially my medium
one is just absolutely gorgeous fits the
full ultrawide monitor which I
absolutely love and it is just a
beautiful website and it's like easy do
this on Squarespace is like all-in-one
platform there's nothing to install
patch upgrade you do it all online it's
super simple super easy and it just
looks super sleek and I love it they
also have like award-winning 24/7
customer support so that any troubles
when setting up your website they're
right there ready to help you the best
part about it is and I see a lot of
people that are making websites like try
to make it like a really professional
website they slip up here they don't
make themselves a custom domain so my
custom domain is miles media you type
that in and it brings you straight to my
site so in the description guys and I'm
really proud of this because I have used
Squarespace myself for such a long time
like I can't remember how many years
I've used Squarespace for myself and my
for all of my website 30 free trial
today there's a link down there in the
description and you're also going to get
10% off your first purchase
insane I'm so happy that I can say that
to you guys
space.com forward slash mars bar even
though my website you know they do look
they do look pretty they do look pretty
cool anyway guys that's been today's
vlog I hope you are all all ok guys
remember to keep smiling you've had a
great day I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog
