Spyder and morph by the number two item
number three spider number four spider
number five five number six spider
number seven by the number eight but
you're doing absolutely nothing about
this situation to help me my friend I'm
surrounded by spider and I don't like
spiders I've always said this I've
always said the word great is reflected
by the space that you correct it in
let's do this
right if it is cleaning there's a lot of
cobwebs on the top of my microphone I
need some food after that quick barbecue
three full now look at this all clean
hey Siri call mommy Brooke hi happy
birthday mom thank you
something is the last day of the week
those people are chillin on Sunday I've
been chilling today I've got my shorts
on that that's pretty much because I'm
been gonna go for a run later on though
and there's 23 degrees here in the UK
fist-bump will advise you Kayla we don't
see hot weather very often I like to
work on Sundays more than in the
weekdays
I've been up inside this computer all
day today designing merchandise and
editing and editing videos for well
anything yesterday's YouTube video
anthem Clive IDEO - I've been working
I've got family round still working but
really bad now I have spent some time
with the family but I always say to
myself stop waiting for Friday stop
waiting for someone stop waiting for
somebody to fall in love with you stop
waiting for life happiness is generally
achieved when you stop waiting it starts
when you make the most of every single
moment that you're in now
so the weekly new occurrence of the vlog
Q&A Sunday every Sunday I'm going to try
and include a little Q&A segment for you
guys questions on Twitter hashtag ask
Mars at Mars while gaming let's get
otherwise thought comes were a little
bit different to film for once it's
Sunday I'm in the Market Square and
Nichols is always tense here but no
one's around it's kind of weird also
flying about on this thing in town when
nobody's here yeah that's also pretty
cool and fun to do as well right let's
get into the questions I shellington
Wi-Fi I've run out of 4G data so I need
to get some Wi-Fi from somewhere oh to
Wi-Fi you're so reliable
Henry Boston says at Mars begin do you
ever get negative responses vlogging in
public that is a really good question
obviously I'm in public right now
there's people over there looking right
at me and I used to care like I used to
care about that I used to care about
like my public appearance but now I
think to myself these people that were
looking at me like five seconds ago I
don't know them they probably don't know
me I think it's because I've had my fair
share of abuse on YouTube like I've been
on the platform long enough everything
that anybody could say to anyone that's
negative has already been said to me
numerous times as I'm sure it's the same
case with any YouTube first to dig it
looks but then with me on the daily
vlogger
I open up my whole life to the vlog
which puts me in a lot of vulnerable
positions so people can attack me from
all different angle tech did a video of
my brother the other day and I look back
at the comments a day later on that
video with my brother and there was
someone in the comment section right
that was taking the mick out of my
brother and being a lot really mean to
him look he's seven years old man like
get a life if you want to know I'm
really not bothered about what people
think about me vlogging in public or
private or really what people say to me
whatsoever about what I do all I care
about it but I love doing this it's a
passion of mine and I'm going to do it
to my full ability even on a Sunday face
says hashtag ask Mars will you be
walking around up somewhere in the city
probably maybe if I don't get mobbed
whilst walking around like with the last
few events I've been to I've had to have
like security decided me because you
guys are just crazy walking around not
sure depends how many of you or some
guys are there but I will definitely be
at somewhere in the city so if you don't
have your tickets get your tickets now
that's what you want to you know meet my
ugly mug in that playing says can you
please close what options you chose at
high school
here is called secondary school in
England high school in America I chose
ICT which is computers drama which is
kind of acting graphics which is
Photoshop but a start in or three of
them item says would you ever get a dog
hashtag aftermath so I am a dog sitter
right I babysit a big dog I look after a
lot of dogs a lot of my family have dogs
and when they go on holiday I'm like go
throw me a dog I'll look after it I do
love dogs and really has a dog I loved
our but there were a lot of work in the
picking up pusing and maybe in the
future what games will you be streaming
and will you be streaming csgo and GTA
yes and yes ah Maria and I went to pick
up crash bandicoot yesterday which is
absolutely awesome I'm going to be
streaming that at home with her sea of
thieves and battlegrounds play on owned
battlegrounds those two 100 percents
going to let bike squad chuckle through
what is your pizza from dominos called
again I've really like to try out that
is the mighty Mars Pete the legend from
Domino's funny you ask that
Toby's coming tonight so I'll probably
I'll probably be getting one of those
right bicycle squad seems to be
showering Mars bar from the other side
of the town center so I think that's
like you to leave
thank you for the questions on this Q&A
it's been good I'll see you for another
Q&A like next Sunday if I remember to do
it I'm quite enjoying doing this QAS
it's kind of chill and I like it I hope
you guys do too right let's go hey guys
how are you guys doing on L level hope
you all okay y'all out there you're
chasing those dreams you are absolutely
smashing that you're getting it in
deGrasse oh you're working towards
something which you absolutely love and
if you're not I suggest you do because
it is awesome it's awesome to do
something that you love for you guys to
follow me on Twitter I put a tweet out
today and it was like a picture of a
motor which was identified as a winch
Alex why did you put opposed to the
winch right okay I'm looking for a high
powered winch that's what I need I'm
trying to build some I want to try and
build something this week I wanted to be
a topic in the blog that we're going to
try and build something what I'm trying
to say is with our projects on a work on
this week and it's going to be awesome
to DES for only get all my boring work
emails out the way I want to have a cool
blog week
I promise you guys through the day that
we would do this I promised you guys two
days ago that we would do it on Saturday
and I didn't have time in Saturday's
long to do this but I want to attach
some LEDs to the skateboard now Toby's
here it's Sunday night Toby used to come
every Sunday and we used to play League
of Legends we're going to play League of
Legends that's just we're doing that
later first off Toby said he wants to
have a go on an electric skateboard so I
said to him I'm going to attach some
LEDs it's just in the toilet is coming
down in two minutes I'm not going to
mess about we're trying to attach them
on the boosting board I'm going to
attach them on the slit revolution board
I don't want to attach them on the
boosted board because glue is going to
be involved and I'm not 100% sure why I
spent so much money on this booster ball
so I'm probably going to end up giving
it away in the near future to one of you
guys so I don't want to wreck it by
putting glue in stuff all over it if
that makes sense like if I'm giving this
thing away I want it to be pretty much
brand new plus the fact this already has
a USB port on it so
we that is wicked how cool is that how
cool are those LED
