funny story so last weekend I was doing
the Q&A out on the patio
and as you guys know I dropped my phone
but you guys didn't even know this
existed right this is the screen
protector
I have screen protector insurance so if
I get a crack in there I can take it in
and it can give me a new screen
protector obviously the phone that broke
totally ki a doesn't work anymore
about to get another one this one I
bought it the other day so I took this
in a lot of guts insurance can I get a
screen protector on this phone they said
yeah but you need the old screen
protector I went outside and I found it
Saturday today guys motivation let's
kill it
boy starts days are quick meal with the
with the family I've had to drive
separately there because Maria wanted to
come with us so quick meal quick meal
with the family oh there goes week you
have a picture okay
right I need to eat my food
the
so what's the game called again Crash
Bandicoot what is the name of the game
em same trilogy Crash Bandicoot that's
the one that is the one that came out
when right this year there and I've come
to a conclusion that I want to try and
involve for a little bit more and what I
do on its online thing right it's quite
shy cuz over there looking at card
factory say hi and these vlogs this is
like my thing this is like me and you
guys having a chat and that is that
right and I know it's like involved in
my daily life but I don't see this as an
actual an actual mainstream vlog like
where I do my whole day so what Maria
said was she wants to try and be in some
streams so I said will you choose the
game she said crash bandicoot it's on
PlayStation 4 we've come to pick it up
but what happened hit close you're not
really sad so we either give up or we go
on a mission to try and find crash
bandicoot what do you say mission I'll
give up mission machine it is
you going to take the wrong way what
you're looking at giant lemon giant
lemon this is the one problem shopping
with women women you don't go in and
just come up with what you want yes to
look at everything like towels and
everything before you actually get what
you want oh man come look at this
contradicting myself right here we are
this is it
no look game we messed up I wasn't our
fault it was closed who went to Asda
still nothing got told off the filming
the woman came from was like you filming
open up no it's not filming and then I
stopped and my camera was like Google
dude that's the noise it makes it starts
filming it's really unprofessional we're
gonna keep trying yeah
illusions know where to go next when did
I go when I got Jacob FIFA
you oughta bust it this is it third stop
right here we go this is it
wait a minute quite there's Crash
Bandicoot he's got like a massive thing
it's another last one it's as it's out
of stock what if it's like a demo box it
literally says out of stock this is the
thing I asked my friend who absolutely
loves Crash Bandicoot and I'm some tweet
about it I was like dude can you get
this game for as news like this
ridiculously helps gets massive demand
didn't realize she's the one that wants
to play it but I'm a massive crash
bandicoot fan I've never even played in
my life sorry temporal out of stock
Crash Bandicoot but we have it as it was
such a big deal of a public post Ravi
did you know it was this big or did you
just like the game show the people of
the interwebs what we managed to got oh
yeah it was actually like a demo model
and they put the disc in it when we got
there and they said it was the last copy
in the whole shop they said have sold 15
of them today so I don't know first the
massive demand for games or not he said
ps4 title but we have it up here let's
do this
this is potential
you
so it makes you more taller than me
mortality my fullest I can't wait you
have seen the secret destroy our whole
bar each XML no I'm Alex Brooks but we
need to make you into a new account so
create a user except who's not yeah I
mean no let me know if you want memory
to these streams of this on twitch.tv
for slash mr. Mars bar and they and they
can be streams that I do at home not one
from the livestream everyone we do you
guys been asking me to stream before I
get those live streaming room done in
the office so if you want with the
stream from home I can do some by myself
I can do summer air let me know
I think you know you think you know what
you're thinking Alex what you doing me
office it's Saturday and really dark
outside quite clearly it's past half
past 9:00 and yet is it's about quarter
to 11:00 right now I just dropped Marie
Rock home because she has to be up for
work early tomorrow morning let me jump
straight to why I've come to the office
on a Saturday at this time of evening
so legs why are you in the new live
streaming room on Sunday really late
this is why I have included this room in
quite some time
right and the reasons because I'm quite
disappointed embarrass and leg
embarrasses ashamed ashamed is the right
word it wasn't girls let me do a
sweeping through to watch shirley
finally sweet we should be able to see
what I'm pointing at yet there's still
no carpet down I wanted to carve in here
by the industry wide this is why this is
really really really started to grind my
kid right you need to pay attention to
this story because I need your opinion
on it right so before I went to LA right
before we're in mind I went to LA on the
9th of June it is now the 16th of July
before I went to LA few days before I
have the carpet man come man here he got
out his tape measure he measured up he
went off said he was going to get back
to me with a quote I said to him don't
rush mate because in two days time I'm
going to LA for a week right
I went to LA came back on the 16th of
June one week later the week when I got
back from LA so the 16th to the 17 18 19
20 21 22 the 22nd I just left this room
because it just about Millay I was
gentle eyes I don't want anything to do
with all the 24th I ran up the carpet
guy said hey dude can you give me a
price for the carpet yeah he said I'm
sorry I thought you were still away I'm
going to get back to you so since that's
fine dude no Maurice anytime as long as
you know we never gets mounted in a few
weeks
that's all good right bring him back a
running back a week ago on stuff today
he said yo Alex I'm going to bring you
on Monday right which was
when they just gone with a quote right I
had no call so I wronged him at the end
of Monday at the hey dude you said you
were going to call me on Monday to give
me a quote we have only what's going on
it's an all sorry Alex just in a few
more days okay that's fine few days past
that it gets to Wednesday right into
Wednesday 5:20 p.m.
I'm ringing in and I'm like yo dude you
said G on Monday that you're going to be
cool next few days
what's going down to have a quote will
give you a hall in the next few days
right that was said to me on Wednesday I
didn't receive a call Thursday I didn't
receive a call Friday didn't receive a
call Saturday which is today and that
closed Sunday I need to ask your guy's
opinion on this should I be ringing them
on Monday if I don't hear from them all
day should I bringing them on Monday or
like Tuesday morning and saying look you
taking now what's going on what what do
I say this is starting to really grind
my gears I wanted to get the first
episode of this room done by the end of
July like it's now the 15th we're
halfway through July I can still pull
this off and get the carpet in soon I
try to get I tried to keep these little
niggly things out the vlog I know the
way I do this vlog makes it seem like my
life is like so easy just get up every
day and do a little video into insta
thought I'd come and give you guys an
update at the end of this about the
actual live streaming room and why I'm
not talking about it because it's been
straightening and niggling at me in the
back of my mind so what would you guys
do in this situation would you be
ringing them and getting a little bit RT
or would you be ringing them and say hey
what's going on and have a quote like
what what am I am I am I going crazy
here or just taking the mick a bit
delving a little bit deeper here guys
some of the things I've had to deal with
in 2017 and it may not seem like it
right in these vlogs is what I say I
have had like some some terrible
horrible things happen to me in 2017
right and I know on camera that I met
everything look like it's just all
perfect and it just in this little world
and we have fun every day but believe
all I know is I'm a normal person that
there's a normal life just like
everybody else as its ups and it's down
and I just want to say thank you because
this doing this with you guys every day
has been my take away from some of the
things that have happened this year it's
been my it's been my escape and I am
forever grateful forever grateful thank
you so much get tweets from you guys and
comments um you guys all the time saying
allen clip of the vlog Alex for blogs
have been better than ever
recently keep it up really loving the
high energy in the video is window
positivity in the videos keep going I'm
watching every single day and I really
appreciate that guys but there's just
always room for improvement
so I'm annoyed about the delays of the
main live streaming room so I'm going to
start streaming here by myself and with
Maria if you guys would like that let me
take you just don't and then we won't do
it it's not something you guys would
like but yeah we need to know so if you
guys could let us know in the comment
section down below that will be
brilliant anyway guys I've got a few
hours work out so I'm going to end this
thing here we might do some nighttime
skateboarding session things tomorrow
for guys for now my night you guys been
awesome guys stay awesome keep smiling
I'll catch you in tomorrow's Brooke
ready for it
how's coming yeah
