guys welcome back to another daily vlog
I'm in a massive rush today cannot
subscribe to the channel get subscribed
and if you new around here try put like
ratings anyway I've canceled my 3:30
p.m. meeting this afternoon which is in
25 minutes
I've cancelled it because I've got a
text from my hairdresser this morning
yet my hairdresser and he said today
3:30 p.m. there's one of my subscribers
going to get their hair cut and they
mentioned to him that they absolutely
love me so me my hairdresser have teamed
up right and I'm going to go plant a
cameraman right now in the hairdresser
or in the salon and then Rob the
hairdresser is going to text me when
he's finished cutting his hair and I'm
just going to stroll in and we're
hopefully going to capture his reaction
as I have come for my 3:30 p.m. meeting
this afternoon to do there because
meeting you guys is my favorite thing to
do in this entire world right let's get
to the office
Russia's Friday today the traffic was
mud I'm really really late I was going
to go plant a camera in in the barber
shop because already they're getting his
haircut right now so I'm just going to
go surprise him this is gonna be awesome
my office is there the barber shop is
they're very nice to meet you have a
good OC day oh yeah cheers guys
I made is daddy but it's also 100% just
made mine
one day last week I was outside having
my tea on the patio and whenever once
outside having my tea on the path yet
this has happened a grand total of two
times now I've gone live on Instagram
you know you pick up the Instagram
stories which they copied off snapchat
but you can actually go live and it's
like a live stream and so good thousand
of you guys joined and when all of you
guys were there I asked you guys how can
I improve the blogs is there anything I
can do two things stood out to me in
this I love music I do music makes the
world go round in my opinion I get up
every morning others with music is my
motivator and it's what I go to listen
to if I'm feeling down both ends of the
spectrum every single one of these logs
includes a different track from an
artist I support on soundcloud and nine
times out of ten if I remember I put the
link to their track in the description
that's used in that vlog a lot of people
said on this Instagram live story one
way to improve the vlogs would be to not
to not use music but turn it down a bit
I apparently I too loud I'm a fun I'm a
fan of Sony cameras you guys know this I
use the a7 s mark 2 as my daily vlogging
camera currently shooting this right now
is the sony a6000 this is also a very
capable camera as you can tell and the
second thing you guys said with Alex the
camera is sometimes too close to your
face and that's because I don't know if
the camera is zoomed in or not shortly
after the stream somebody sent me a
picture on Twitter as a modification I
can do to this camera with something
down there which should hopefully help
me by the way you guys have got this
video and the whole weekend of vlogs to
put comments in the comment section bad
jokes to win this I'm going to send it
off on Monday always do too polite
rating make sure you subscribed which
you obviously are I drop a joke in the
comment section that's funny because
it's not funny you know I know just
being Spanish
English
the result later
the last one it's got to be what links
this in the description if he goes on a
pick it up this is the gel I use for my
hair it is the best link in the
description honestly just try it it's a
game-changer
so now we're looking give the camera
head on I can see if this white line is
at the top of the camera it means I'm on
16 mil which is widest and then if it's
anywhere off the middle axle of the
camera I'm obviously zoomed it thank you
to whoever tweeted me the image of that
after my Instagram live session picture
was really zoomed in but it looks like
it might have been a screenshot from one
of Casey's video so if it was Casey you
were you're a borderline genius only
borderline though because now worm well
my camera has to be a big wife drive
down the middle of it right okay the
amount of questions I get that's why
this videos just me answering your guys
questions well I suppose those have this
has meant to where you guys are
we're all a team and if you ask me a
question I'd like to answer the
questions the question that I got a lot
yesterday hey Alex how do you turn this
is your question Alex how do you turn
this which is just a video clip into
something like this which just
infinitely loops round and round and
round like you watch that it would carry
on going forever how do you turn this
into this let me show you right let me
show you guys how to do this first off
I'm going to blow your mind
you put the video the video into
Photoshop but first I don't like my
video looking how it looks out of the
camera I like to make it look like this
that's my look so first open your
editing software drag in the video clip
I'm your favorite about 5 or 10 seconds
mine's going to be here to about here
delete the rest mess around with the
video to make it look how you want the
video to look and nobody short clip
looks how you want it to look export now
you should end up with a 3 or 4 second
clip which looks how you want it to look
and just replays over and over now this
is where the magic happens you put this
small video into Photoshop
I love any finish to get this every day
with the same boy yet no you paulien
you're pretty cool right I'm going to
drop a link to my friend Peter
MacKinnon's video in the description he
is we're back in the day I learned to do
what these are the cinemagraphs he
taught me how to do them on his YouTube
video and he's such a sound guy I'm
going to drop his link in the
description if you guys want to check
out how to make these yourself he has
the full in depth tutorial it's about 20
minutes long but there you go you can
see the smoke coming from the car that
is sick hopefully you guys now can stop
asking me about the cinemagraphs and how
to do them because it's quite a lengthy
process or hopefully good old Peter
McKinnon can sort you out so this is a
slick revolution electric skateboard and
it has a USB port on the bottom of it so
that you could charge that well the
plasticky controller that comes with it
right and I saw a picture of somebody
attach a load of LEDs to a boosted board
but the boosted board doesn't have the
usb on the mine wall of this little
evolution that boosted board you search
figure out a way to attach those LEDs
that boosted board will make a nighttime
skateboarding video in in tomorrow's
vlog because I think that will just look
absolutely sweet by the way Billy's with
us who's Billy right it took me longer
than I thought it would to make that
cinemagraph I'm going to put that on
Instagram by the time this video is up
on my Instagram it's Alex fromage Ã  le
x s ro mal said I need to go pick up the
girlfriend she's staying around mind
tonight
you
