good good good yep that looks so cool
there we go please just run accordingly
always ready for the day as you probably
heard a lot of filmmakers say in the
past equipment doesn't matter the story
is everything and I 100% agree with that
110 there are a lot of little things to
this there isn't a massive storyline to
the vlog unless I create one later which
are probably will early morning in the
office and about half an hour of emails
a little bit of admin now lunch with
Maria so it was Maria's dog's birthday
yesterday I'm when pets at home trying
to get some stuff for a birthday late
birthday dog birthday present
happy birthday Luna very nice first job
of the day hold up the Apple shop we're
going to think of this right so the
insurance teams will paint roughly a
week of things upon your hand clean of
the insurance just going 720p camera
finally yeah GPS yeah how much 35 quid I
think that's pretty cool
out of it that's where this main post
Jimmy little drone right by local picket
glove hang around would you even if it
said official amount of time he's just
such a good laugh who are we
well this vlog has been so random guys
oh hey dude you got sensations of love
well well I'm babysitting you tonight so
why don't you say it later you wanna go
and play some cricket now before it get
dark okay guys hold on below what you
think it's gonna be okay it's actually
turning into a YouTube star I love it
quite as I cook it for a start what do
you want to say to the London cause
that's really cool he wants to say
something to the but I don't know what
he's gonna say
how we doing this end because you told
me you'd lost your back this is the back
this is the back yeah that's it that's
the wicket isn't it
we're so got to use this to bat quite
simple at well I hope so babysitting the
brother this evening I love this because
we always come out and play some sort of
sports or something Jacob absolutely
loves football as you guys know but it's
come to me and he's asking me to play
cricket cricket with this you ready
right that's too easy so I'm going to be
the tower dude that was awesome
boom and Jacob is time to go mate I need
to put them to bed I do have a
responsibility wait a minute
you said you wanted say something to the
vlog didn't you right okay what you want
a Jew I say it now come with me come
with you what I thought you were set up
like you were saying something to the
blog you will do good where are you
going so much some idea what are you
doing this isn't this isn't saying
something to the vlog this is turning
your xbox on what you what you want to
say I'm really really happy I'm doing
all this to you and I really love the
idea of you getting me an Xbox one
while doing what he won about I just
wanted to say thank you for everybody
who said in the comment that you should
buy me an x-block
I'll give it it's really good and it's
my favorite thing what the Xbox is yes
dude is that what you wanted to say to
the vlog wait a minute dude that's
amazing come and say come and say thank
you to the camera then properly looking
look in here so I see you already like
it then yeah that's made me so so happy
I'm so happy that you like it and what's
your favorite game please 417 welcome to
LED take a little foreign band okay all
fell down mate well done for saying
thank you that means you're very
appreciative and I'm up without a lot
unappreciative little brother it's
bedtime really mate but I'll let you
have one game okay yeah so guys that was
an awesome thank you from Jacob I've put
him to bed now it was awesome
babysitting him I absolutely love it
when it's just like me and him and would
you get the barn go play cricket play
xbox and you said you what it says into
the vlog and you just said like a
massive thank you to you guys for well
saying telling me to get him an Xbox
which we did obviously really likes it
and I can tell you felt a little bit
awkward saying it but you wanted to say
which is absolutely awesome so just goes
to show that it really does appreciate
it and and what we've done for him and
it's really really really made him happy
so I'm just really hot which is really
really really touch my heart and it
honestly it made me smile right other
end of the spectrum now I'm going to go
get a lighter and set fire to some stuff
and take some cool photos and I need I
need some friends to help me with that
I need these two to help me kg alright
so as you can see you're at an abandoned
building right now and you probably
thinking Alex how is this so well lit
well it is lit because it's right here
right oh yeah so I've got this softbox
and I'm going to use the softbox to
actually show you what's going on here
so as you can see we've got this plug
socket which then goes to the back of
the back of the car and then out of the
back of the car inside of here is an
inverter which is put into the cigarette
lighter so now we have a we have a
softbox in the middle of nowhere pretty
much and we're going to we're going to
take some Instagram photos so here we
all got the softbox with balsam stuff
from Asda unfortunately because we are
urban photographers right now we
actually forgot a tripod we did all of
this and forgot the tripod so we found a
load of wood and we sort of nailed it
together
and we're going to rest the Gorillapod
on top of that and a tripod you've got
to make do with what you can make do
with right this should work I've got
sparklers
I've got smoke bombs cinemagraph time
Jimmy so join me to like one and you
like the other add up the lightest I'll
do I have got one and it's burning now
getting a second point all the sun's
orange no green again because that smoke
behind is just going to build it up
behind you look for you what do you
think good job
I think that went really well what are
you drawing I think you have really well
- yeah yeah you sure about your outfit
Oh like outfit very nicely
three guys all back home now that went
well as expected I hope these
cinemagraphs are going to look
absolutely awesome you can follow my
Instagram here back on the screen right
now if you want to go ahead and see
those when they go live that's why we're
posting their cinemagraphs and maybe on
my Twitter Jang cheeky plug there we go
the guys I'm trying to sort out my
sleeping schedule as you know so to do
that I need to try and get some sleep
like right now that means I need to end
as this vlog guys your daily reminder
remember to stay awesome keep smiling
and I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog
you missed yesterday so you can check it
out here you don't subscribe to my
channel bays videos you can subscribe
here I'll see you in tomorrow's
Oh
