sebastian i just walk past sebastian
vettel
I don't know whether to say my
girlfriend or Maria because they've got
a tweet from somebody last night
critiquing my video saying that I repeat
myself a lot currently at a house right
now by the way I get a lot of questions
about this
yeah her house is mental like you do
they do weddings and things here and
this is this is Luna oh my god Royals
got an excuse
that dog is an absolute monster this
part of Murray's house I mean now it's
called the secret garden you could
literally get lost in here little
housing it's like a massive jungle and
the main house is like behind these
trees here Isis mad you have to see it
to believe it
and with Murray right now but you don't
want to be on camera because I'm gonna
make the pond and she gets grossed out
so that's what you say
so it's Lunas actually Lunas birthday
today but we're not going to go to pesto
magetta so they will do that tomorrow
because I'm really busy today but
Marie's also asked me what's the point
in buying physical games for a console
when you can just download them and I
can't think of an answer to that so if
anybody else has an enhancer to that let
me know in the comments what did you
want to play again Crash Bandicoot
emmaandemma hey I just realized it's not
cute right we need to leave we've got a
busy day but I've got a big day ahead of
us today it's 9:55 a.m. right now and
need to catch a train to London but
first quit getting ready montage through
two one
testing testing I'm going to take the
boosted board because a few things
really number one it's quicker for me to
get to the train station on the booster
box I can go through town number two I
don't have to spend ten pounds on
parking and that's pretty much it the
downside is I've got to carry around
London all day but it's not it's not
that heavy if I'm going down to London
for any sort of reason I like to make
sure that I'm making the most of the
time going down next to expand our on
the train hour and a half to get down to
London so it's a fair amount of time so
when I go down to the under the lights
which I'm doing lots of things that I am
today I've got a meeting and I need this
box for it
but they probably takes about two
minutes and 45 seconds on this board to
get the train station where to come in
the car somebody going to take me ten
minutes with the traffic the traffic in
my town newark is absolutely awful
midday
got rid of all of the barriers gzi
barriers here I quite like it on the
train because it gives me time to get
that work done but I otherwise just
wouldn't do and there's little jobs that
you just don't really want to do what
are you on the train you've got nothing
better to do so let's get those little
jobs
an hour later boring jobs done arrived
in Finland
where is he where is he tied in here
somewhere
thank you very much this is a steak
restaurant and that's weird Popkov beef
flavored popcorn first meeting of the
day Jack I've got something for you the
box of tricks my friend is all yours I
think I'm going to go through what the
staff member recommended to me it's
called the here at the anko we're in
like a special steak place in Kings
Cross in London so this is this is
really cool and I love steak so she's
going to be really interesting to see
what this is like also I've just read
the dress code for what I'm doing this
afternoon and I am really not dressed
appropriately I have a t-shirt on and
trainers on so I might have to do
something about that not sure yet so
guys that was the bar and blog
steakhouse yet I wasn't recommended for
in central London who loved it not
sponsored whatsoever I paid my meal and
it was very nice
this is Ron Coan this afternoon it says
here f1 invited guests this is going to
be interesting let me get a pass and
I'll explain what's going on this is it
I'm here in London at the f1 live event
here well in London I'm in the normal
bit now this is let the public there
they give me this VIP pass thing so
apparently I can go and meet like a lot
of drivers go on - and probably like I
don't know Yan amaizing stupid here and
there all right in dispersed VIP rumours
but free champagne so I got there in a
bit but I feel allowed just a bit
pretentious I don't think I'm going to
get in so it was not dressed
appropriately but I've got the past so
but this is yeah this is everyone like
so guys Rose walking before words but
that was all the public bit this is all
like VIP gets difficult VIP pass all of
these cars here so these are the actual
formula 1 cars right here they're being
made up and then they're going to be
doing like a trial run around the actual
Trafalgar Square where all the members
of the public can see them but I'm
getting like a VIP behind-the-scenes
look all the cars being made right now
guys look at this look at all the people
I'm walking right down it and this like
famous race drivers and I'm like on the
drag this all over people Daniel
Ricciardo is literally right that and
there's like all these people and I
don't know why I'm allowed to walk down
here
Sebastian I just walk past Sebastian
Vettel because the pieces to the other
people man
because the experience I live in like
it's making me like that
the fact that I am here on out
little make the play and a lot of people
to be foes well
right all of this is absolutely mental
but unfortunately my phone is 100% is
packed in so the Apple store round the
corner of Regent Street is open for the
next 20 minutes because everything is
meant to be closed because of this event
but the Apple Store
down below the 20 minutes and then I go
pick up another phone apologies for me
being a breast mr. brand about two miles
but the question is
have a great day I did it I got offered
one they didn't have any of the shiny
black ones in stock so I rode one it was
i'ma photo with you
LM a person for a while
yeah Houston I even gone to a Larry man
if you have an f1 live win here it's
still home hands proper bro man and
we're still on the booster board army I
tell you how you enjoying the people who
fight with them well I'll go forward
right I'm going to wear again
right guys I finally made it back home
I'm currently in the server room right
now because well it's very early in the
morning it's like 2:30 a.m. guys today
has been absolutely phenomenal got a new
phone 100% sure about the color husband
early guys it would be awesome if you
guys had a QT account to go over to the
QT website I'll put it in the
description and it will take you to a
page if you click it where you can just
leave your thoughts on on my video of
the f1 live event and what you think a
forum you want if you like it if you
don't like it what are your thoughts on
it that would mean the world to me guys
I'd really appreciate it I'm trying to
make keys to the website work as much as
I can some a big part of the team and so
if you guys could leave some comments
that would be awesome
any regards from me I hate you've
enjoyed today's vlog I'm really trying
my hardest with the videos at the moment
guys out I really am I promise I was
trying so hard I hope you guys are
enjoying them anyway guys - Malik's you
guys been awesome guys stay awesome
please keep smiling and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog if you missed
yesterday's vlog giggle sent me an
awesome present so you can click there
to watch that you can click here to
subscribe anyway guys
