giveaway time my favorite part about
doing the giveaways is dropping off the
art into the post office because I know
tomorrow that's going to be at
somebody's house and they're going to be
happy
ladies and gentlemen welcome to summer
in England good work now what
yeah I am yeah unfortunately I'm feeling
like a lady spy am I in it right welcome
to Fat Boys Jordan exactly why would you
want to be really uses this one give you
guys a little bit of an idea as to what
we're trying to build hey we want some
tarpaulin and we also need a lots of
washing up liquid so I found this one
for one pound but and these are bigger
and you get more in it so if you do 15
of those 15 pounds that is all of that
worth of Washington that will be enough
I saw a phantom tarpaulin here only
three point seven by five point five
meters need it bigger than that so could
buy a fuel and fuse them together or
it's going to be an eBay job but with
Jordans idea to get the fat boys over
there we've picked up some bits but no
washing up liquid in no tough for them
because it wasn't big enough but I found
this place over here which sells like
well stiff wicked use for the live
streaming room and it's like really
cheap but looks really awesome it's like
really well built so we definitely have
to come back here on a day where it's a
little bit hotter
it's just getting worse it's just
getting worse okay even I'm surprised it
still even works it started out where
the screen was just cracked and now look
at that like oh my god my phone is
destroying so if you guys don't know I
usually have a case on my phone I have a
white case it's a very nice case and the
one time in a blue moon I thought to
myself Oh it'd be awesome to do a Q&A so
I'll put it on to my channels like yo
guys gonna do a Q&A hit me up some
questions and I want to do a little bit
differently than we just sat in my room
on my office I went outside to do it
worst mistake ever my phone was on a
table outside now see she's just just
leaning over to pick it up to start
answering the questions looking what you
guys are saying on Twitter and I
absolutely knocked it without it case on
and it fell in the bottom corner the
whole thing broken anyway what Jordan
and I looking for a tarpaulin for you're
probably asking to yourself well the
most intelligent ones of you will have
thought maybe I'll say the most
intelligent and also the crazy ones of
you will know what I'm trying to do
because I said do you guys need lots of
soap and what I've been doing emerge
soap and a tarpaulin together well the
obvious isn't it this is one video
always stuck out to me and I loved it
think it's by k39 1 this video is
amazing
so yeah I really want to make a slip and
slide one day when when the weather's
not as dreadful as doubtful is there but
I do want to go all out with it and I
want to get like a motor so it like
towards people down this little side and
make like a big ramp and so we can do
this we can pull it off and we can make
an awesome video that's what I'm trying
to do with this hopefully that makes
sense
little way back going I was in a meeting
yesterday and I came to the office
félicité yesterday's vlog PlayStation
sent me a limited edition gold ps4 we
unboxed that and saw that in yesterday's
vlog and in this box Google sent me
something I have no idea what this is
going to be Google said consider it a
late birthday present right you ready
let's see what Google got me for my
birthday that's amazing that's feels so
way to say that Google by really dear
Alex we hope you had a fantastic
birthday we know that you're a massive
fan of networking so inside there might
be something that you're like yours
faithfully the Google team okay guys
this is what I can see and know what the
hell goes on it is awesome thank you I'm
not being rude but I'm going to put
these away now because well I kind of
want to be at home and open them I don't
know why you guys just going to think my
whole life is a lie
and it's just all a green screen right
okay back home let's open the I'm super
super excited they all look like they
are exactly exactly the same thing so we
got the Google logo on the front of it
so pop haha that's wicked wait so are
they they are the same thing then wait a
minute okay I'm a Wi-Fi free crowd well
internet freak I love internet I sell in
2000 people on my own is people God
thing I love internet this is Google's
Wi-Fi right Google the Pioneers that
bloody internet will be not but the
collision and what they're doing they've
made their own Wi-Fi thing right and
this is pretty much a Rooter router that
gives off Wi-Fi high-speed Wi-Fi for
this Rizzi for the guys why is that
through what you do is you set one of
these up I think this is how it works
set one of these puppies up like the
main router and that's I was going to
give up Wi-Fi and
then you set up these two and all three
of them together are going to just
wirelessly mesh together around your
house and just create one big wireless
network to flood your house with Wi-Fi I
think have you guys been having Wi-Fi
troubles this may just be what you are
looking for a night they don't have to
buy all three they come as this one
that's sick they come as a single thing
or you can just buy one if you want to
so then you can buy two or three or as
many as you want and just mesh them
together if you guys can see that I'm
downloading to Google Wi-Fi app always
ready so put one of these little Wi-Fi
things in it's just up there as you can
see I'm going to see how easy it is to
set this thing up recommending the
present that Google set or wow the app
is awesome get started putting the
camera the QR code on the base of the
Wi-Fi point that will connect your phone
to the point scan code okay what a QR
scanner up now let's give this a go
choose a password one two three four
five six seven eight so I can confirm
that these things work well I've got the
top one set to one it set up the other
two I would do that now but because I
love all this Wi-Fi stuff but I've got a
family meal it's my mum's birthday on
the 16th but she's busy on the 16th so
that is a family meal tonight I'm going
to go there now
I'm going to do a wire speed test 11
ping and then the upload should be
around 100 police only right we use the
Google pixel for this okay in their
tests in my room oh wow okay 180 295 dad
that was faster than the wired test okay
I need to be quiet now to just put my
brother to sleep and his trike is trying
to get to sleep and then the third match
point of place up here so in theory this
is the absolute worst set at 4 mesh
Wi-Fi but still very respectable speed
this has been an uncompromised a present
from Google the Google Wi-Fi I approve
of it Google thank you
alright guys I'm going to end today's
vlog here and get someone a little bit
different than usual as you can probably
tell I mean Marie's bedroom is like
laptop clubbing here and has been for
the last sort of three hours we just
open both been working that's just
genuinely what we get up to help spared
time outside is that okay get a b-roll
shot right guys I'm going to go ahead
and end today's vlog here - and I like
you guys have been awesome Google thank
you for late but awesome birthday
present click if you want to watch
yesterday's vlog click here if you're
not subscribed I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog so I really call
something awesome adios
