sorry I'm having trouble understanding
right now please try a little later it's
time to get a new assistant I do like my
Amazon a lexer as you guys know we've
put one in the garden we can do the
light I mean when she works she's
brilliant but Apple have released the
home pot this thing this six little mesh
thing right here and it was released a
couple of days ago now I'm a little bit
late to the party I understand that but
I didn't preorder one of these so we
didn't want to go drive 40 minutes to my
closest Apple store to then be shut down
and say they didn't have any in stock
but now it's a couple of days later I've
checked on the online store checker and
they've got well quite a few in stock
turns out no one really bought them so
yeah we're gonna go and buy one actually
we're gonna go buy two welcome to the
block
so guys about a 40 minute trip to the
Apple store today in Meadowhall if I see
any of you guys it's really cool and as
I say if you guys ever seen me out
please come up to me and say hi I don't
buy I'm a really nice guy I like to
think I am I'm with Luke he's my much
security today he's repping the merch
well so what's the site bro shop Mars
world okay he sorted it let's go so
we've been stuck in the car now going
really slow I think something's happened
just here what the hell somebody crashed
oh wow oh wow so guys I'm actually
really intrigued about this home pod
thing because you can actually buy two
of them and paired them together for
like stereo imaging on the sound and
I've only ever seen reviews of people
buying one home pod and that's it I want
to buy two stereo pair them together and
actually use them as a good pair of
stereo speakers because as well as the
reviews have stated so far the
intelligent features aren't very good
but the sound quality is good that's
what I'm going to be using them for a
set of speakers so not just one today
we're gonna buy two and I'm gonna let
you guys know and compare them to my
KRKs
that I have on my desk she'll be really
fun guys but first just need a little
bit of food
we go to home pods safely secured and he
also bought myself for the sake of you
guys a USBC card reader doesn't seen
these vlogs every day on a card reader
that doesn't work it's not really
possible are we doing photos they know
what is that what you wait is that what
you waiting on my car for let's go so
awesome trip to meadow Hall this
afternoon I have come back guys with not
only one but with to Apple home party
for bidding Alex why are you by to like
are you absolutely mental and yes you
are correct but it also saw on Apple's
website is - when I was looking to see
if these things were actually in stock
as to which I thought they were gonna be
out of stock but they've got loot they
be selling well maybe sell him well
maybe not so I don't know usually Apple
don't have stock of their brand-new
devices but when I was checking to see
if they had stock it said on at the
actual website if you go ahead and buy
two of these you can create a stereo
pair finally so guys because everybody's
saying this isn't really a smart speaker
you know if you want to get a smart
speaker you get an Alexa okay you don't
get an Alexa oh you get a Google home
okay well it turns out that she and
Google home aren't working so home pad
over to you hey okay well this is a home
part guys it is about the size of a well
this is the home pod and then and then
that's an iPhone X it's kind of tiny
actually tearing around it is kind of
like weird and if you guys can see that
but you can actually like you can press
this material and it's sort of just like
reforms itself the power cable is
non-detachable that's in there solid and
the power cable is also very nicely
braided but you guys should be able to
see that braid on there very very nice
I'm gonna give this thing some power
guys
made a cool noise okay so it has this
glowing light on the top of it I'm gonna
leave it here now what do I pick up my
phone is it gonna tell me - oh look it's
asking me to sell the home part can you
guys see this look it says it says where
is this home pod Alex's room so I'm
going to click that home pod works with
Apple music join over 4 to 5 million
songs for $9.99 month no not doing it
sorry no no no I don't want that sorry
enable personal requests allow anybody
to use this home pod to access your
messages and reminders yes 3 transfer
settings whoa hey Siri what can you do I
can do lots of things like turn on the
lights give you a news update and tell
you about the weather now you try say
hey Siri play some music hey Siri play
some music playing all songs shuffled
remember any time you have a question
just say hey Siri hey siri stop
hey Siri turn off the lights your
devices are not responding
good well they should be hey Siri turn
off the lights some of your devices are
not responding well you're rubbish
you're rubbish
let me try out my phone turn off the
lights whatever been robbed
I bought two of these things as well it
doesn't even work turn off the light I'm
asking you mental what do you mean
they're not responding hence smart thing
hey Siri set the stone lamp to blue okay
so what you're saying is that if my
phone in this thing are in the same room
and I say the magical words the Siri on
my phone which I already had before I
went and spent three hundred pounds on
this is going to answer me surely it
should just override to this now it's
turned off all the lights and didn't
even ask it well five minutes ago I did
turn on the light all taken care of
thank you
I don't really know what to say give me
a second to thing later that same
evening the guys I'm a bit stuck who's
what to do with this thing so we're
gonna do is place it here and I'm gonna
play some music right and I'm gonna play
it from a phone straight to this and you
guys are gonna judge by our facial
expressions and I've heard a lot of
speakers in my time
haha okay it sounds really really good
shaking the camera guys look shaking
that look okay this sounds insane
Wow okay let me try this hey Siri read
my text messages you have two new
messages from Bonnie Krantz money bag if
not two three need to do something
tomorrow and get the NZ boys together X
would you like to reply yes mate that
sounds like a plan to me your reply to
Bonnie says sounds like a plan to me
no I would not like to hear more
messages notice how it keeps the music
playing and then brings it back okay
guys so the home part is that good that
I could literally have it site here
playing the background music for my
vlogs and you guys probably couldn't
tell the difference this thing sounds
amazing but play with it for the last
half an hour and this thing is it's
rubbish okay for example if I go ahead
and say hey Siri both of these things
start listening to me and then
ultimately the home pod takes over as
you can see my phone's gone off but if
you want your phone to listen to you you
have to raise your phone and then say
hey Siri how are you today okay but what
if you want to raise your phone up but
then have the Google home listen to you
well because it's an unfinished piece of
junk that has like six microphones but
for some reason doesn't have voice
recognition you can just trick it by
saying by saying the wake word in a
stupid voice like hey Siri read me my
texts the phone knows it's not me this
is still listening no no no and then the
other reason why this was an unfinished
piece of junk is I bought two of these
because people are raving about the
sound quality and yes the sound quality
is very good and on apple's website
quite clearly it says you can you can do
these in a stereo pad you can have one
of them be the left speaker and one of
them's be the right speak and i want to
use these as a pair of speakers you can
see right here on apple's website if I
just scroll down where is it it says
create a stereo sound with the
and hope are dry there's two home pods
right there one of my friends has just
text me saying Alex YV bought two home
pods in which I replied to him I wanted
to use the second one watches a mystery
apparently says Alex you can't do that
yet and I said but it says you can on
the website actually you actually go to
the American website guys it has this
little thing underneath it that says
coming later this year oh but but not on
the UK site oh I don't know if I'm going
ental or not it just says create a
stereo you know you know it doesn't say
it's not available but then on the
American site coming later this year
gold anyway telling me is I bought this
for absolutely nothing plus the fact and
I knew this already this thing only
works with Apple music you got tidal or
Spotify no no unless you do one more
blind test to see if it actually does
the lights Alexa oh god no I'm sorry hey
Siri turn off the lights okay it worked
it worked I'm sorry guys but this isn't
something I can recommend to anybody
unfortunately and I'm trying to be as
truthful and as unbiased as possible
considering my Alexa isn't even working
I really do just think that Apple yes
again how try to release and unfinished
product here but then also this smart
home tech as you can see my Alexa isn't
working properly in practice it's really
cool when this stuff works but it's when
it works is the key and they need to
make that a lot more reliable before
people start implementing this stuff
into their homes and this is why I'm
doing it to simply tell you guys
brother broke he said to me earlier you
what we put forward light on your xbox
to do it now what did you just say Oh
that'll be sick with it well come on I
got rocket let me put it on for you
well then bro polarize installing but
it's gonna take well it's gonna take a
load of hours to do it so you guys play
in the morning yeah so we think guys I
am on my iphone X recording this right
now I have just arrived as you can see
but the shoes aren't my girlfriend
Maria's house I've just got back from a
quick room but for now - my nights guys
you guys have been awesome I enjoyed
this little funny home pod video and
I'll see you guys in tomorrow is a daily
vlog guys
hey Siri read me my text
