everybody everybody I know including me
makes mistakes as I pull my phone out of
my pocket to prove the next point you
can clearly see that everybody makes
mistakes this being a fairly big one I
get a fair few snapchats from you guys
all of them asking questions about how
to overcome something or you've done
something wrong so I'm going to
introduce a new segment a new segment to
the vlogs
open the production-quality quite a bit
here this new segment of the vlog is
going to be called mistakes were made
and I'm going to be talking about a
mistake that I've made in the past or a
mistake that one of you guys has made
that you can tell me about either on
Twitter or Instagram or in the YouTube
comments and I'll address it and tell
you what to do about it but first we
need to look at the three main things to
do if you make a mistake number one
own the mistake number two apologize to
anybody affected a number three reflect
on the mistake I'm going to be talking
about a mistake today that I personally
made whilst doing these YouTube videos
as you can see I'm sort of upping the
production quality here a little bit of
connected HDMI cable from the editing
desk PC over here that goes all the way
around here so we can choose what image
goes on this big 4k panel up here and
I've changed the wallpaper we've made
new wallpaper the graphics designer
motors a brand new wallpaper so this
just looks awesome now so listen if you
tried to do a daily vlog before run a
channel but those daily content about
your life it's kind of difficult I get a
lot of people saying how easy I make
this whole YouTube thing look and by
gosh I look this is amazing I'm going to
tell you a story about something that
happened to me that you guys realized
you guys realized it before I did so let
me set the context and this is the
mistake I started to make just before
Christmas of 2016 one was that oh my god
what was that as I was vlogging every
single day like this right I'm not sure
what camera to look out during this
doing YouTube with the best decision I
ever made hand on heart and I'm so glad
I didn't cop half I said to myself that
I was in a sort of dailies blog channel
and I loved it I absolutely loved it but
it got to the point right where some
days I didn't have anything clowns and
people had these expectations coming to
my videos that I would be doing
something cool that I'll be doing
something fun that I'll be doing here
and the other some days I literally have
nothing to do and I got into a cycle of
these days or I have nothing to do I'm
going to do things for a vlog and that's
not what a vlog is a blog is a video log
about your life it's a log about what
you do in the day I was waking up to
vlog instead of waking up to live my
life and vlog it what happened there was
over time I got used to doing these
vlogs and waking up to make a video that
it just became normal to me people were
commenting things saying well Alex
you've changed man people will say be
more you just be Alex where's the old
Alex ago and the problem was it was so
drilled into my head that that was what
I needed to do wake up make a video edit
that video fall asleep wake up take the
video edit a video fall asleep there was
no life involved in that and that's the
main thing so there you go that was one
mistake I made whilst doing YouTube
videos or whilst vlogging daily vlogging
more like and that's also in my top
three things if somebody asked me what
to do when starting a YouTube channel
just be your goddamn self and without
all being well and said I'm apologizing
to anybody affected guys I'm sorry for
the crap vlogs at the end of 2006 I
reflected on it and now well I'm just an
idiot on camera right we need to go it's
getting dark
we've got a good sunset bro no solution
arrived at Elliot's house it's put him
in the back of the car and he tell him
he's got something for me so I'm getting
all excited thinking this is this box
that he's got me but it's not
oh is it mate I'm gonna write my wrongs
pardon the pun to get it right my wrongs
ah these are actually like I'm using
whiteboard pens yeah
wet wipe mark is to be best used on
glass whiteboards mirrors and plastic
chalkboards and made thank you for that
I appreciate it it wasn't even your
mistake though why we done Majid I just
looked at the package you know Jordan
Tex nearly right and I know you guys
been saying Alex you haven't seen Jordan
in ages he's literally right there hey J
hey J hey don't you know G we've been
mates all along hit me up early Samia
textures like Alex do you want to come
down with me to this lake where we can
jump in I don't see anywhere where we
can jump in and it's taken about 45
minutes to get here no it hasn't taken
carrying this I bought the drone and
everything in preparation for this but
we'll just come back another day yeah
yeah I'm going in now it's literally a
three-mile walk and it's just started
putting it down look at this it's gonna
start
absolutely absolutely thrashing it that
was such a bad idea but we literally I'm
stoked about our behind me my hair that
was we literally just caught the rain
ah to the night Marie came around she's
in then she's in the shower I'm sorry
I'm bad last night right and I was
looking at deceptive I was like
literally right there I'll stop there by
myself and I was looking this in chaos
at here I was lying in bed and this I'm
going out on a limb here and I know
we've got a lot of project on at the
moment but I was just thinking to myself
and I've measured it up that wall there
is the same length as there there and I
was just thinking to myself how much
home Lia it would be in here to have
this against that wall and move this low
down in the middle there with a cabinet
underneath have it wall-mounted cabinet
underneath and then like loads of like
well maybe too massive like beanbag
chairs just sat here so you put all of
that there against that wall and then
just move the TV to there I know it
doesn't sound like a lot but it is a lot
no it sounds like a lot I've been on I
say don't think it would be too much
hassle to doing but it would take it
would take a fair bit of time so if you
guys can tell I'm really trying to go
towards this streaming thing I think
it's wicked being able to do things that
alive I'll do a daily vlog and I love to
keep you guys up to date and doing
things live is the best way to do that
let me know what you think about this
setup and let me know what you think
about the new series have started today
you know the thing about improving on
mistakes and stuff that we've made in
the past anyway guys I love these faces
