Oh what lovely started with Sunday blog
Bertie Bertie Bertie before said mousing
today has been absolutely awful
they've been pre back because I went out
last night right to town you know
drinking there was like a birthday thing
go back at the dreaded 3:30 4:00 a.m.
which isn't too bad but all was good
when I woke up this morning did I have
an absolute headache it killed me it's
often an evening only just starting the
vlog it was a good night but the fact
that this morning I couldn't function so
I went for a run that seemed to sweat
out the headache the UL are the ultimate
live-streaming room table is starting to
live well it's not a pretty packed up
with stuff I bought this lump here to
the office major story but when I was
building this office at the start of
I bought one two three of these lines
five arrived I didn't pay for them I'm
using one at home in the server room
that's not a server room and I bought
one for the office for the live
streaming room that worked out in our
favor
I've also still got this Edifier MP 700
Bluetooth speaker they go for about 150
pounds here in the UK I don't want it so
if any of you guys are interested in
that and you want to win it then drop
all that racing and put a funny joke in
the comment that you worst joke a joke
that's funny because it's not funny what
a lot to do it gives you guys a little
bit or let you in into a little bit of a
secret this is just for you guys on the
vlog channel so this means I need to
pick up this pen and let you guys in on
the
now you guys know this is going to be
the ultimate live streaming room and
I've always told you guys that the
streams might not be ultimate but the
room the room should be ultimate it
should have everything in it a live
stream at need let me tell you how this
streaming room is going to work and the
reason why I want to tell you guys it's
because my plan may be flawed and if
there's any flaws in it I need you guys
to tell me so let's get to it shall we
so there you go
now you know the secret camera one HDMI
camera two HDMI HDMI three pcs Ethernet
for the TV LED controller four LEDs
around the TV power for the TV optical
for the soundbar one power for the sound
bar one of the coolest Ethernet for the
time-bar PC power Ethernet HDMI to the
TV Xbox goes here PlayStation goes here
so both need Ethernet to Elgato HDMI and
power power HDMI and Ethernet the reason
why this is a big deal is because this
is giving away this video right now all
the secrets that I've had in mind and we
have two different camera angles camera
1 HDMI camera 2 HD m the nobility web
cameras are going to be proper cameras
like this one with an HDMI out it's
going to plug into the wall there and
the wall there that's going to lead
round to the computer the streaming
computer there's going to be two
computers one that's going to go there
that runs games and one that's going to
go just about here to run the streams
there's going to be an Xbox one here a
PlayStation 4 there the consoles means
Ethernet for Internet the elgato HDMI to
go into the are ghetto and power that
easy and I'm going to have a big cut out
there with all the cables coming in to
go into the capture cards and the
Ethernet for the computers and
everything that's the plan that's the
big secret
BB different ideas but I think that what
I've just explained is the perfect thing
to do streamers though please I need
your help if you have any tips or any of
you know anything about if I'm going to
do something wrong here please let me
know down in the comment I'm a newbie to
all of this I'm drunk on
Nords been in my house literally all day
so I'm going to make myself a barbecue
and be alone err but for now let me clip
my fingers and show you the absolutely
incredible sunset that I've just filmed
on the road
that's literally right above me right
now
yeah it looks fairly amazing so guys I
finished my barbecue and well I was just
set out here and it just all of a sudden
got really dark I'm just at scrolling
Twitter on my phone so I put the tweet
out after I've finished my barbecue
saying things should I do a little
Twitter Q&A because I haven't done like
a QA in a while but it's quite nice I
hear what the lights over there sure is
lit we've got the sound of a pond my
phone on the floor I didn't know so I
load up Twitter and here goes there is
literally hundred Louie says when are
you going to start a live stream well
Louie I'm going to start live streaming
as soon as the room is built I've always
been pondering on the fact of doing live
throughs from my room I can I can do
that and I may do if this is going to
take longer than I thought it's a big
project I've got going on a you know
building this attic space as you guys
can see I'm trying to take it really
slow and get everything perfect em it
says what lens do you use for your blog
this lens is the Sony 16 to 35
millimeter as 4.0 hi kelan says how did
you do in school
not very well martin says how do you
stay motivated even when things go down
this is a really awesome question and
one I get a lot on social media right
you guys asked me Alex how do you stay
motivated when when when bad times crop
up or you know if something bad happens
how do you stay motivated how do you get
through it and what I do is I say to
myself life is a timeline and I paint
out my timeline from let's say 0 to 100
if my life expectancy is 100 years right
it's not but that's theoretical I could
die tomorrow
who knows and what I do is that time
line I've got a green paintbrush and a
red paintbrush I want to get that green
paintbrush and I want to paint the
entire timeline green right with me
being happy and staying motivated right
I have the choice of what paint brush I
have in my hand and if I'm feeling down
I can pick that red paintbrush up and
paint the timeline red right but that's
my choice and I don't want to do that I
want to end with it all being green so
if I'm feeling down and yes I do quite
often I just try and say that in my head
Luke says AMD or Nvidia Nvidia
down boy says have you finished uni if
not were you ever considered going back
done
I never went to uni and I'm never going
to go to uni never Johnny says do you
plan to return to school why would I do
that
youthful G says would you ever consider
making Mars bar posters maybe probably
not but but maybe apparel new apparel
coming soon though not maybe not posters
and what I'd put on the posters I feel
like having a poster of me and selling
that would be a little bit weird miles
says dream car question mark and
unfortunately I don't have a dream car I
have lots of cars that I like but I
don't have a dream car someone almost
crashed into me today though and I had
to beat them really scared me think of
this because you make a networking video
on tape flow already have new one to
come soon though hi boy is it a real
Louie Vuitton Apple watch strap by the
way love your videos yeah it's real I
don't buy fake things they just thought
a little bit you know when you're
outside doing Twitter Q&A and you drop
the phone and it kind of
one more question that I saw about a
wider answer back up here was Alex
what's your best home automation thing
that you own definitely Alexa paired
with the lips you Alexa set all the
lights to blue
okay Matt we are all creative I don't
care what job you have or who you are we
are all innately creative as we are all
human beings living creatively means
being authentic to yourself these are
wicked you guys you honestly
oh that is just the best thing oh dear
Alex Brookes my name is Connor Rees and
I'm the sole creator of 99% lifestyle
magazine 99 cent lifestyle is a
lifestyle magazine that focuses on
creativity in trouble inspiring people
to be more creative and make their own
travel adventures well Conor I love what
you do and as long as you do to keep
pushing on it just goes to show
absolutely anything absolutely anything
can happen when you put your mind to it
long time
