many come you guys know this right every
single cable I own right every single
cable I use every single charger I use
is made by a company called ANCA you
guys know this by now finished reached
out to me and said I want to sponsor a
vlog we want to show everybody this what
we've made but this is what they've made
right they've raised they've rose 1.6
million on Kickstarter open what I can
see scrolling down it I drop a link in
the description if you guys want to go
and check it out these are like a player
pod but cheaper right they're called the
liberty plus and they're the first zero
compromise total wireless earphone
crystal clear sound thanks to the
graphene drivers effortless setup and
Perry are no advice got noise cancelling
right but you can click a button so it
uses the microphones and replays the
outside noise inside your ears and
they're also IP x 5 waterproof ities
celebrity plus is the first solid total
wireless earphone with AI voice control
which works with Alexa and also Google
assistant ok Google hello Alexa I put my
team shall he be no sorry I'm not sure
about talk kicking off in this room I
was taught on whether I should get air
pods or not I didn't they may have just
tempted me there's loads of people in my
house
mainly because today's my actual
birthday party then have a party of
natural birthday today's Friday that
it's the party but it's happening more
on lake titisee so it's just loaded like
close family ground
oh my I don't have time to tidy this up
today now
Oh God goes if you didn't watch
yesterday's video yeah that was what we
did in yesterday's video it's a well
this is good it is not better you better
remember it guys it looks awesome
I think it meets like two minutes it's
absolutely killing my OCD I can't deal
with an untidy office three two one
there we go so some some strange things
arrived this DPD thing from the DHL from
Taiwan but Sofia contact this is here
from Germany and then this I have no
idea what this okay we haven't done an
episode if I thought other people work
in this office and I feel like I shout a
lot when I'm talking to my camera and
there's been a few times it's been a bit
awkward because I've been here shout
into my camera and it's people what hey
guys we're going to do an old-fashioned
and boxing thing think I know what's in
there so so this hasn't arrived at my
office it's arrived at somebody else's
down the row but it's been addressed to
me genuinely have no idea what is going
on but I've got myself a free bag I love
unboxing things it's genuinely like
Christmas when you have no idea what
they are that's at this but I know what
that one is I think we're anything that
isn't I have no idea what they are
that's when it gets fun so this arrived
at my house this morning what that's a
cool mouth map I'm going to leave that
there obviously ROG you send this one
out so that is awesome
may have sent it out for the ROG desk
but I've already got an Origin mouth nut
on there and I like
extended past this isn't extended it's
just massive ooh
ROG ATIS back to the mouse map you guys
are legends cause you guys and I was
inside this one this is it this is it
this this and this these are it and
there's a company that cares immensely
about their presentation and their
product by the way none of these
products that I've mentioned in the
office our sponsor always wanted one of
these let me show you look so this
little thing right this little thing it
has a little kickstand but you can
always just use it without one this
thing is pretty much a keyboard with one
two three four five ten fifteen buttons
on it that you can assign intelligent
macros to each foot in so you can
program it to do whatever you want right
but here's the kicker behind each one of
these little buttons there's an LCD
screen so you can customize what the
buttons actually look like how cool is
that become and then this is the hd60
throat that I'm going to be running all
the live streams off that but that the
amount of applications you could use
this in like you don't even have to be a
streamer to be able to use this you can
do you can do anything with these
buttons and you can customize what they
look like wait let me plug it in and see
what happens put in like setting it all
up until I've actually built the stream
computer oh that's sweet
so for example when I set the live
streaming room up I'm going to have
multiple different camera angles so that
maybe it's just me or like a Titan shot
or me or a carton shot on me and I guess
or whatever so I can customize let's say
this button say wide camera and then
this button to say tight camera and I'm
literally having the sat on the sofa
tight camera it changes on stream wide
camera it changes on stream I could do
that one to skip the song if we've got
music on turn the volume up and down for
music
turn the microphones on and off it can
be anything is it this this is going to
be a game changer and those buttons are
just so satisfying to press the episode
of embossing random things that arrives
at the office a goal because I've got
the easy dominant want to kick the ball
with the easy quick funding meal for the
late birthday celebration it's in you
win as you guys another noted earlier on
tonight is sort of my birthday late
birthday party going out with all of my
friends type things this why do want you
to be Ellis Loew vlog things doing this
does it really commit me going out and
drinking so I'm never really in the mood
for it because tomorrow will wake them
to a video and I can't be hungover who
likes being closer anyway so I'm never
really in the mood to go out I don't
even get off on it I don't really like
to get myself in the mood
I found the gym loud music
hey pretty good hey alright so guys as I
say I'm going out this evening it's like
a late birthday thing the Sun is just
setting over those lips you just set
behind that tree it's looking sweet I'm
not going to end this vlog now I want to
try and end it when I get in after
tonight a few moments later guys guess
we made it home at 3 a.m. and didn't
forget to vlog and also I'd only get
that drunk when I was at but I kind of
didn't go as I had expected or planned
whatsoever guys if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlogging check out here you
can also subscribe here and I'll see you
in tomorrow's one I'm a little bit drunk
Oh
