what happened so just listen to my music
and I've come out onto the landing with
my glass of water and a few pills it is
some some pills don't worry don't there
any vitamin tablets I've come out onto
the onto the landing to go fill up my
water so I can take my vitamin tablets
what is that
you guys you guys seen this
but that's birthday
cheeky plug going by birdie on Instagram
it's right next on man I'm absolutely
buzzing 10% because I've just had a
coffee and 90% because that's a nice car
you got there dad I'm pretty sure mine
faster it might be a little bit fast but
God for anything electricity hashtag
small car problems kids you in the belt
son yeah
oh right I have it I have the numerous
rumors that are online that this is the
event gave me monitor or monitor the
money or not money can buy
it's probably just the best monitor
maybe not maybe not value for money
where you guys can see this but it's
swiveled it's got higher jaws you can
tilt it and it's also got a five-point
navigational button on the bottom like
struggled you stuff okay there you know
in Bill Nvidia g-sync you know there the
flippy oh yeah just could disregard all
of that very much design curve design
display but you can put all high until
in highway navigational button that's
all I'm bothered about memo only shows
this is absolutely insane I mean if you
just seen the size of the bugs that
comes in I look at that thing I've been
where I've been waiting for this you
guys been waiting for this we've been
waiting for this that has been waiting
for this for so long and it's finally
here
just look at that that on the front like
thighs in the same place in the bottom
as well the Maysles tomato get this
thing out one massive oh my god is that
the money to arm that the month at the
monitor our and as the panel has the
panel inside of there the cable that
goes down the monitor arm and then on
the back of the monitors actually two
contact points so this is going to this
is just unlike anything I've ever seen
before and it just simple wrap I'm sorry
I'll do it but it's time to go my friend
it's time to go I'm going to miss you
bro I really am
oh my god is huge
oh this is insane
okay this is it absolutely gigantic
display it has this has these awesome
cable manage ports either sides the
monitors down so I've read all the
cables through there it's actually got a
4 port USB 3 hold on the backs of got
the keyboard this USB extension and the
headset plugged into that hub on the
back of the monitor because this little
bad boy of a PC doesn't have many USB
ports on a quality thank you but you are
so big
guys now this setup is pretty much
finished as ever we see the stand is so
big on this monitor the screen is so far
forward what the hell are you doing with
this well my plantation see the monitor
can't go any further back because the
back of the monitor stand it's the edge
of the Daisy with this what I do is
place it there on the cable trunking and
then with a little bit of look you
should be able to rest the monitor on
there and there you have it the ultimate
education is confidence
absolute mass under enlightening coming
from outside right now goes along
absolutely perfectly with this little
set let's say a little set look its
massive so the monitor actually has this
light underneath it as you can see like
that and you can actually change this
light as to what you want it to be so in
a sense if you had a company logo you
could modify this thing and have it
display that logo underneath the monitor
of course you can turn that off I
managed to get a manage to go into the
advanced settings of this monitor as you
can see I've enabled 200 Hertz mode in
the settings on the monitor which is
actually overclocking the monitor to 100
hurt for the monitor I mean I've never
used a 100 Hertz monitor before but I
don't know how to describe it like you
drag things around and it's just so
smooth like so so smooth hi guys there
we are the ultimate ROG setup is is
complete well I say that I've still got
a little bit of vert idling oh my god
let's not miss the point of this you
guys said to me Alex do something
awesome when you redo the editing desk
don't just build a bog-standard computer
and put a monitor there and loads of
random stuff do it - a thought and
thought and thought how can I do this
differently and then the idea click try
make a setup with every single thing on
the debt obviously bothered by the idea
furniture make it all by the same
manufacturer and I went with our og so
I'll do like a more of an in-depth thing
of what is on this desk tomorrow but you
can see we've got the headphones ROG
mouse keyboard monitor computer and I
wasn't going to use meant to be the
editing desk but I think I'll be
installing steam on this computer very
shortly what's happened
again the storm system
I absolutely bouncing down like she's
gone mad guys do you know how heavy that
rain is going down this is crazy anyway
I'm going to end today's video vlog here
I'll see you in tomorrow's 1 we'll go
and make sure everything is all right
down at the office if you didn't watch
yesterday's one you can click here to
see that you can also click here to
subscribe if you new and I'll catch you
in tomorrow
