but dig and lies delicious to have a rap
about his car he's going quick you've
got to find what you love and that is
this truth of work your work is going to
fill a large part of your life and the
only way to be truly satisfied is to do
what you believe is great work and
thrive into the offices morning super
super super early you'll see why our
huts come here super early this later on
in the vlog the only way to do great
work was the Pathet was about 7:00 a.m.
this morning in the gym have some open a
bit healthy breakfast is to love what
you do in the office at 8:35 a.m. if you
haven't and again as I say you'll see
why my days off to a flagging start
later on so the tour results are in from
all of you player unknowns battlegrounds
csgo loads of people said minecraft
bitter Call of Duty in the mix these are
all the games that you guys said we
should play in the live streaming room
well according to my emails I want to
get out of this office as soon as
possible today is not an office day
today is a fun day family family meaning
me and you guys
Eggbert i doing bro he okay the date is
a little bit of a trouble blog if you
like I'm traveling but not out of the
country I'm traveling about 15 minutes
away to go and visit something where I'm
going to be safe also I'm going to stay
somewhere for a couple of days with
Maria says Italy it's troubling because
we're going somewhere but I'm only
traveling in the car about 15 minutes
this will be a lot easy to explain when
I get there
trust me this is going to be cool I'm
going to need underwear socks shorts
t-shirt jeans toiletries swim shorts
running gears drone portable speaker
batteries and my travel bag which has my
charges and everything already in it as
well as the laptop unless you're
traveling 15 minutes from my house right
let's go I need to go pick up Maria
first
you plug the drive while I'm driving
having the same thought yeah you can
Thomas yes
he
so just finished up at coaster using the
office of the car park we're about to
leave now and go to this place which I'm
not telling anybody about we're going to
go and see and see what it's all about
and pretty much just lived there for a
little bit so it should be really fun
not sure what's happening the car park
is like there's like diggers diggers
going on but without further ado let's
go let's do this
this is going to be awesome and the Sun
is just come out in time guys all right
yeah let's go no turn left right side
not supposed to turn left but we're not
going less we're going to carry on down
here I think you know what we do if it
turned out we're staying in like a
little tent in a field you sure would
like their tent the pretenders spend
weekend done in Evans miss Peter
so this is it you know recognize it cuz
I've been here before in the floor
I've been here before but like showing
the outside of it no I did shoot
everybody showed everybody the pool so
this is a massive house right now this
thing's a massive house like it's not
even a house because it sleeps like 28
people there's a number of bedrooms
inside of this plate there's a pool
there's a massive garden it's just all
out I've got people coming to cook food
for us but other than that that's it
it's just that it doesn't look that big
from here but it's genuinely a mansion I
want to show you around it key through
the house welcome to our mansion you
know in it you know and it echoes when
you first get in you know that it's a a
big look through there
let's do that look at that little alert
is that you don't think this is mad
because there's a fountain in the middle
and then so although the bedrooms down
there but well they have their own
champagne make look looking have a game
of pool and then look if you look down
there looking on you go in there on my
carries on all the way down there so we
can sit either under the table I ended
it play some chess play some pool look
how awesome the house is we're literally
saying in a mansion I can't go for it
that is a clock what is it that's a
clock oh you have kuzey back-to-back
uses look at that so funny sorry I've
been to look round I think I've shown
the blog around this house before but
like now I'm actually staying here for a
few days by this place is like just ours
to be here and exist but if i annoy it
you can sleep in that one and then
obviously in this one is just absolutely
insane
it's do a montage of the house not
montage yeah how many even showing you
the pool you haven't even seen the pool
which is where I'm going to be spending
most of my time instead of the lights on
look at this we can have our take away
this evening look you can
so there and I'll just sit over there
imagine this is being your crib though I
imagine this is being like your yeah
it's like Jesus do you want any more
toilet smoke is good if you know if
you've got the runs or something there's
a toilet literally like every few
seconds away from you got in the
courtyard so we've just walked through
there we look at the masterpiece which
is the this room you open her what you
come up you dislike good feel like it's
not even that's heated by the way as
well like it's hot
well I have no she has I am that's my
second that's my second portion of
Chinese and I managed to get YouTube
running upon the TV so been enjoying
some YouTube whilst having tea and
copper burg and wait a minute I'm sure
they left of another drink for us to use
Oh a new house what they can like
litora stuff everywhere
all those coins going going quick so
guys it's getting quite late on in the
evening now I have well I'm cracked open
a bottle of champagne which was here
when we arrived which is absolutely
awesome it's branded by the actual house
name which is genuinely men the pool
table got chairs without the TV the
YouTube world
but when Matt connected to it at the
moment I was watching all the world
watching youtube videos themselves
connect I bought this like really long
HDMI cable which is so happy that I
bought it so we connected up to the mat
but to go into the pool for a little bit
I probably think this room is like
really warm so the pool is quite cold
actually I don't if it is heated as guys
I still can't get over this this is
amazing like look at this house the rest
of the house so you can just it's like a
whole big you see that building over
there is little wait that's the pool and
now I'm in that building that you could
see from the pool room all the way down
here right I think it's time to get
changed
thanks Katie for the awesome idea
there's a sick little transition so
these shores I've got on now these swim
shorts they work well for this house
they got them for my birthday which
doesn't the autumn are for at the back
of them they still have the tag on pink
on iPhone 7 is a waterproof are they got
a GoPro in the car but if you're in the
pool
right this is me testing out the iPhone
7 waterproof but I've only ever owned
one iPhone 7 I mean that's really bad at
breaking my spoons good I've only ever
have one iPhone 7 right so I'm going to
risk it shots of this get underwater
let's see if we can do it right 3 2 1 Oh
so I'm using a Bluetooth speaker right
now it's connected to my phone as you
can see so right the seconds you put it
underwater it stopped and then you bring
it back up
right you know does have an underwater
breath competition
that pool is absolutely awesome if I had
a pool at my disposal
every single day I was definitely using
look at this it's literally getting
early in the morning right now I'd
manage nights you guys been awesome so
has this house I can't believe I'm
waking up here tomorrow is absolutely
wicked if it comes across as it does on
camera turned all the lights off through
here so it's just it is just awesome
anyway guys my is nights you guys have
been awesome
