to like spice up your diagrams and then
we've got a little car bitch it's got a
lot of meaning on the front which I
think you in just a little circle oh
it's not surco supposed to be a lot
harder I didn't do very well
all right Ally new thanks for the Pens
Eliot I appreciate it
you said it to make my my grass better
if I do a neutral I don't do that much
roaring I know why this behind me maybe
I should do some drawing
this box are the programs the topic of
today's blog is probably going to be
best but I'll let you guys know what
happened this morning
so what looks something like this I woke
up and I went for a run I came back I
had a shower and then I went to work why
in Wi-Fi install in the baking Sun today
Elliot depends don't really work mate
now I'm here mid-afternoon why am I
telling you this
Elliot I'm going to use your pens one
more time again dude bit this is what
I'm telling you guys what I did this
morning
time management now I'm one of these
people oh no Tommy I turned 20 years old
yesterday and that bringing it home with
me I have my snapchat I open to all of
you guys confirming snapchat right you
add the account and give them descent
that time and I accept anything you just
send away and the amount of snapchat
that I get that say streaks or or bored
my knees being bored I absolutely hate
it so I did a quick Google search and
all my 10 minutes spent on Google this
morning I came up with it know what your
goals just say no and well just take
care of them what all those things think
all those things take time
got some salmon barely healthy thing
already know how to cook this is the
take care of yourself part just let me
put in for a quick second
a between this healthy eating thing for
like two and a half three weeks now and
I can genuinely see and feel a
difference so there we go right I lost
my salmon in the oven off it goes good
it's like a cooking show even I can't
cook eating healthy is just like a
subsection of taking care of you guys I
legitimately right someone's just round
the doorbell and genuine the doorbell
just went off right I open the door
nobody so I took my cameras in the door
light and it was yeah we're still
recording it's still but I took my
camera to the door without stopping the
record open the door you can see on the
cabinet there was nobody there but then
is what I'll open in tomorrow's vlog now
I'm gonna get it right and I don't if I
do what I open it next I rate a 12-volt
car okay power supply power handle what
look a plug socket but you plug it into
the do these actually does actually work
is that a thing you can buy can you put
on a second guys check out this vertical
merchandise do I release this or not
look it's birthday right back on track
more on that later
no I never mean stupid button even
though that this was something that you
could buy bubble plug socket we could
make a gaming setup in the back of a
mini we have a plug socket guys let me
know what we should do with this in the
car right so it's that time again I've
had my salmon now look at that look it
says run more on there
Oh
well
Oh your goals and don't be afraid to say
no and take care of yourself alright so
we've meal plan five days a week of
exercise giving me three days of maybe
going out with friends and two days off
in the gym a week that is taking care of
yourself know your goals short and long
term goals we need to redo these and
don't be afraid don't know that's
something I'm just laying upon myself
because I say yes to people far too
often when I just don't have time don't
we both say no isn't taking away from
don't sweat it just do actually a time
factor and always if you guys take every
opportunity that comes to you and I
still stand by that but also sometimes
don't be afraid to say no it's just a
simple reminder look at these short and
long term goals live Jimmy room new
office pimp my setup series up the
fitness game be happy to did it did it
did it to do so guys I know this episode
may be super like super super cringe and
I get that I totally understand that I'm
doing this for myself more than anybody
else because I'm wanting to make a video
on this I feel I want to make videos and
I tell you guys about stuff I'll
actually do it and if I just tell myself
mad I thought just pushed to the side
but if I put it out there on the
internet for everybody to see then it
kind of makes me do it bear with I'm
going to show you my goal know your
goals carpets in the ultimate live
streaming room start the ultimate live
streaming room series film at least one
wedding video before 2017 ends and film
at least four promotional videos before
2017 and are streaming and get super
health those are my main goals but I put
one thing right at the end right now
this is on my mind you guys asked about
this on Twitter all the time and I've
even done like a slight video on it when
I was back in LA and I am looking to
move out question mark and genuinely not
joking like I'm not I live in this house
with a bunch of the people including my
half-brother and I absolutely love Jacob
is such a legend I know you guys working
to awesome living in with him and stuff
is going to be a point very soon where
I'm going to have to flee the nest and
what we're going to have to flee the
next the pub that is so called the
ultimate gaming setup we're going to
have to leave this place very soon and
trust me every evening I'm on the hunt
for places for us to go look around
I'm even I'm even going somewhere
tomorrow which may be a little bit out
of my price range still going to take a
look round I'm saying they're also for
it a little while anyway guys I'm going
to end today's vlog here I can't wait to
show you guys tomorrow as well I can't
wait for tomorrow in other words to show
you guys where I'm going it's super
awesome and it's super sweet if we still
heard this point the video let me know
by commenting hashtag yo my dude
hashtag yo my dude guys click here but
yesterday's vlog click here to subscribe
if you're not already and I'll see you
in tomorrow's one tomorrow is going to
be wicked oh yeah
