hey Siri good morning thanks very like
the birthday hog command come on you
mate how you doing
okay all right can you show me your xbox
you can play night recently way off now
again after you play room everybody
knows that what if a blood on down you
fool it does vary for anything no you
don't rip out that Battlement that will
make you absolutely amazing super level
thank you I know it's my birthday today
but I've got a present for you wait
don't stop they're going pretty control
of that we'll play xbox later alright
anything I know you really like it Jacob
oh come on overlook them I opened some
stuff from my pit look all my peer box
under the bed Jacob right I opened some
stuff from under here right last night
and it said for the budding young
footballer I hope Jacob enjoyed his gift
from Allah so say thank you to ours
Thank You Ali oh my god
grandma if you made me this case you had
an Android or why didn't you please
marry me - yes
so now I've got to go running like
croplands and have a schedule I did have
a schedule day I broke my toe and it
messed everything up
so she goes long as you tell it's my
birthday today going for a quick meal
with the family just moving to my car
I'm not driving or a glass of champagne
or any today I'm getting my wallet
because if I want to have a drink
when we're going out now I'm definitely
you know I'm just turned 20 but I'm
still going to get ideas of what those
baby phase in the world
there's command for food with a family
in Amethi respond to me or the wicked
nice move my friends thank you okay
there we go thank you the railway for a
lovely lovely Sunday lunch really really
enjoyed it and it was awesome
hanging out with the with the family
women just got back from have some food
and I put some batteries in this thing
that Alice got Jacob the present that
Alice got Jacob Brian's got like a
massive fan in it so you put it on the
on the floor and then it's like
I think I want to find that one look at
this president look as president Alice
got you right
closing batches in it one thing what it
does thank you all
last year and this thing in the blog and
I've been it primarily for the thumbnail
always our last year I was cool idea
that's always had it to put like to
party poppers either side of my face
like this right have to people pull them
and then put this camera in in slow
motion mode and how's the party poppers
sort of explode in my face in slow
motion host to me yeah I need them got
anything like that someone count three
two one and then I'm go pull them does
it go off right let's do it again
Robbie think about it like that
politically put that right finger on
back to on there three okay what
abortion tonight this year my birthday
is on the worst day of the week it's on
a Sunday nothing is Oh our plans to go
to the shop and buy what's called a
super party popper which you pull and
they are like confetti thing like
massive explosion of confessing as I
said it unfortunately it's Sunday we
can't do that so I've got the type of
party poppers we need to do the next
best thing in taking this up to the next
two laps
this really isn't as dramatic as I've
just made it I've made these like this
like contraption so it's a lot worse
than it was last year I've tied it
together three party poppers this is
what a clickbait YouTube would call a
lot of these called party popper
roulette even though there's no real it
involves I'm just gonna get hit in the
face anyway this is going to take my eye
or not so I'm going to close my eyes
right three two one and then go wanna
aim it like there and all of these
cameras in slow motion if I'd you know
example you get the point right okay
three two one
I always want me to take out three two
one go right quick drone into the sunset
last year well yeah you guys told me to
get super drunk and I did I went out my
birthday yesterday
yesterday last year was on a Saturday
and a Saturday night for the people that
don't know is a great night to go out
into town this year my birthday is on a
Sunday yeah it's not so good to go out
on a certain nobody goes out on a Sunday
so instead I'm not having a party to
celebrate how many joking at the party
or the going out is going to happen not
next Friday in my day what I thought I'd
do is spend the last remaining hours of
my birthday with you guys start here
just chilling good old-fashioned chill
Bob well you guys are wishing me happy
birthday every second of the day
thank you opening some of these massive
things there's two of these right they
came two people have no idea what these
are let's just open these I want open
hmm thank you so much for all that all
the both images over on Twitter and
snapchat it's been absolutely amazing
guys and made the birthday absolutely
incredible
okay guys what is on this record as well
as sexual healing baby no wise put it on
because I do not know I came out to DJ
your party ages ago I was there and you
were like I was trying to test out the
speakers or something and you lot are
play sexual healing is mine and Harry's
favorite song man fires up the burn
right and it starts to spread sighs
wicked it's a new seventies though
likewise another one of them I'm
assuming is another vinyl so whoever
sent me the vinyl thank you so much easy
Daleks i watch your videos every time
you upload at home at 3 p.m.
okay the time difference must be
different upload it sing I hope you like
my gift I sent you this what these are
socks but for flip-flops can you see
it's Major Lazer that is amazing look at
the man
I absolutely well how many's miracle
play in ages I think I'm going to get
back into this here's all my other
vinyls I've got Kano and then here as
you can see I've got Jay Cole and then
I've got a little bit of Lukas Graham
and now add to the collection Major
Lazer and Kyle you go this is what an
amazing record collection I'm building
this up that's amazing thank you so much
to ever sent me the record you guys do
some incredible birthday presents I love
it in my opinion I think of those are
the best because of how good the quality
is 4k great music amazing editing and
last but not least the drone you fly on
your vlogs is amazing and how you
managed to accomplish such amazing
precision never stop drone flying well
I'll stop for a bit last year Lucas
thank you for the insane drawing this
thing and then the last week DM on it
guys you guys are insane thank you guys
I'm going to end today's vlog here I
know the last year's birthday ended up
with me going as I said the party is on
Friday so tonight just gonna have a
chill like chill evening today is it
amazing I want to thank you guys for
making my birthday insane thanks for the
present thanks for all the cards guys
and as always guys thanks for watching
adios
