Wow to be the ball guys today
guys is a very very very special day
just really primarily for me because
well this is my last day my last day on
earth of me being a teenager
you are almost 21 my friend Oh
compared to me you old man
so this is my last day on earth being a
teenager which is really weird thought
for me to have tomorrow or well much
rather than midnight tonight I turn 20
so good afternoon guys welcome to the
vlog I'm probably very overexposed I've
got some nice sunshine out today we have
well I was watching my car this morning
and then this guy turned up and then he
was like can I wash mine too with but
we've got both cars washed right now
even even the inside approach which is
absolutely well polished soak up all of
this stuff down here I collected this up
the world finding out that room
yesterday down here we've got a a
PlayStation 4 controller
we've actually got loads of HDMI
Ethernet stuff as well as this lamp
thing in here in that box it one of
these little lamp so last year or a
couple years ago when I was building the
office I ordered a few of these lamps
actually ordered two of them and IKEA
sent me five of them I didn't pay for
them they sent me them for free so I
just thought I'd keep them and not send
them back all this stuff here is it's
for the office speaking of the pier box
last year I did a peer box birthday
opening or I opened a load of stuff from
the pioppi Porsche because every year
your day of your birthday changes the
peer box
I can't collect it today because it's
closed and I can't even collect it
tomorrow either my birthday this year is
over the weekend
I'll have to collect that later in the
week I'm sure you guys have got me a
load of presents because last year I
went and collected the peer BOTS and my
god you guys are amazing you've got me
loads of stuff so last year in the blog
and I remember doing this to the day
guys watch this thing around that one
that's a three
okay one I always had it in my head that
watch yourself some party poppers to my
face in slow motion and I did just that
but now a year older I need to take it
tomorrow a little bit of a step further
Jen I'm going to show you that you've
got black and I'm ready
No so Jed where's be the fakie these and
these are real ones right so Jed's
always been that I love no point in
buying real ones when you can buy fake
one that is one white and one black easy
on so Jed
in the trajectory I needed friends
really
this stuff let's get rid of it
as I said I need to take all of this to
the office okay
oh yeah let's go yeah don't forget your
picture spinner okay my last day of
being a teenager needs to be one that I
can remember I like that play Barbie
girl
well that's enough of me being a rebel
for my last day on earth with me being a
teenager what do you think bro insane
we've got the drone flying rounders and
to drop down there's the highest place
we've ever been up like high up yeah we
want to go higher this is a very high at
all that was high as a car park but it's
on the roof we would love to find
somewhere higher but it's extremely
difficult to do it night skate hips up
bro nice Cape here but we'd love we'd
love to come do stuff with you man but
yeah it's pretty high like you know
you're not getting really any higher but
unless you go somewhere like London or a
bigger city but that that was awesome
dude thank you for doing that with me
for my last day of being a teenager so
we know someone's going to see us but
seen he'll be 20 he'll be 20 happy
that's it
appreciate it man thanks very much
tomorrow right I'll see you I'll see
cygnus yes
that was totally with you it's just
really weird I thought what I do yes an
evening when I finish the vlog what I
did I headed to yesterday's vlog and I
got into bed last night and I thought to
myself okay that's not what I thought to
myself I thought to myself I thought oh
my god my birthday sucks like I'm not
doing anything planned for my actual
birthday for my fault from when I turned
17 to 18 I live streamed over the you
know the midnight period as I turned 18
which was absolutely awesome no not that
last year looked back at the vlogs in it
I was new to this vlogging thing last
year like I just started it up this time
last year in it with the hype about it
was all man cause it was my like third
year of trying to do a daily vlog so I
just say new vlog last year as usual my
usual day this year white daily vlogs
but go and do something fun if a lose
your head a little bit it's fun just to
like let go of all the wives and just
run and just go I've seen of me shouting
barbie girl out the window in the car
that was just a joke that is not my idea
of having fun my idea of having fun is
going up buildings and flying drones I'm
vlogging it with my friends that that I
find fun according to the obvious ones
we've got no particles to open a
devastate this enough unfortunately but
guys thank you so much for all the
support on on the videos and on the
content is it's absolutely incredible so
so thank you I've got so many tweets
from people saying that simply birthday
present in the peer box and birthday
cards and things like that so thank you
so much I will go pick it up in a week I
promise one is Jeff because it's quarter
past 7:00 in the evening right now Scott
has little sunset up on the roof
a woman I want a star I want to have at
least I want to have episode 1 of the
live streaming room up on the main
channel by that by the end of July maybe
even if we could get a couple of
episodes out by the end of July that
would be good let's aim higher and also
guys tell me what games you think I
should stream like yesterday when I was
cleaning out this room in the vlog in
preparation for well fixing that the TV
is all about some stupid the TV in the
bathroom found a little games about
Guitar Hero PlayStation 4 Xbox Ultimate
Edition and then this rare role placing
to put some games in the comment section
down below no forcing any games that
have a lot of thumbs up on the comment
I'll be sure to buy them pre stream so
we can start you can start streaming
them and then if you guys like the VR
streams you'll have to sit there and
play games and stuff and also let me
know let me know if there's any special
guests you want me to get on any
youtubers who should I invite down let
me know right speaking of being in this
room I need us a white shirt to put on
right I think I'm already what is the
time I'm on time for one well a long
time if I leave now if I leave like
right right now
thousand sign the car flying the drone
and this sunset is just absolutely
phenomenal
but I've been here before this is a nice
perch in Nottingham
just recommended it so I thought I'd
come here and try out
so got back up from the well pre-pre
birthday meal and I only think it's
right to end this vlog on what a lot of
people would say a peer box video but
I'm going to call it like it let's just
seem a birthday now isn't it an early
birthday present right from the peer box
I'm going to open the back house the
massive boxes down there I have no idea
what it is though
a gift note from Alice bridge you seem a
little obsessed with LEDs that you're
missing in one area yes it was a bit of
a joke but I hope you enjoy it anyway
from Alice is an LED for the toilet it's
for my brother
okay well Jake has got something to
opens where I'm sure we super act like
that we can open presents tomorrow on
the birthday vlog so apparently you put
it on the side of the toilet nothing
like absolute brilliant first one Alice
thank you so much for that it's made my
night day sort of thing early birthday
birthday Eve thank you guys thank you so
much for watching today's pre-birthday
blog - and Alex you guys an awesome
ghost a awesome keep smiling
catch you in tomorrow's birthday vlog
guys click here to catch yesterday's one
click here to subscribe
it'll be faces
