receiving a license on Thursday and I'll
let you know whether I should shoot here
the tracking number of 53rd attendees
cheers one boy why don't we say to
someone that you're going to be there
for a certain timeframe we give you
there for certain times but then
something delays you like the traffic
outside or just something gets you
delayed and then your whole day is
delayed that's kind of nothing to me
right now
Just Cause the phone with an awesome
company called I don't you guys have
heard of them at all Gatto gaming yeah
they're made some pretty outstanding
products in the gaming industry they may
like capture where they started out
making like capture cards and they were
like the renowned capture card for
YouTube for gaming youtubers know my
work without Gaston was kind of like I
did I used to be really really really
close with our gato like really a lot of
the photo still used on their social
media today of photos but that I've that
I've taken in the past but our
relationship ended because I messed up I
invest this relationship up with this
awesome company because they had a
product that was under what we call NDA
which stands for non-disclosure
something other which pretty much means
whoever knows about the product isn't
isn't allowed to tell anybody else about
it right back in the day when I was
doing my vlogs from an iPhone I Google
back in the day when I was doing my
vlogs from an iPhone I I'll get to
assembly some products and I didn't
realize they were under NDA and then I
put them in the blog and then I put the
blog live and I'll get our content
similar Alex nobody knows about this
product this was back in the OG days and
I was login from my phone I put these
products in there and then I'll capsule
from then on there I just got a bit
awkward and not really hit home to me
that what is this Google how to use
these cards in conversation living by
reading the questions on the card to
Google home and listening to the respond
Google that's a wicked idea thank you
for the cards I appreciate it so let's
say I ruin this relationship I messed up
right I told a lot of people all these
200 viewers of mine about the products
and it wasn't NDA so your the
relationship got a little bit awkward
between me no gasps oh and we didn't do
any more work since then and ever since
that in bridge world home that you have
to be so careful when working with a
company right the relationship you have
with you and your clients at the reasons
that I have with me and another company
or me and my clients right it's key and
it's something you need to treasure
come on back half an hour Skype call
with el gato and they have a load of new
products coming out I'm back on Zima
Gaston was back together everything's
fine they're providing me with a good
sort of stuff for the live streaming
room like some some awesome new stuff
and yes some stuff that isn't even out
yet and they've told me about on this
Skype call that just had it is amazing
tell you what streamers watch out or
Gaston got some sick products coming out
I'm super stoked to get that I'm also
super stoked because I've had a letter
through the post that is saying I'm
right at you because we have a charity
event coming up in September and we want
somebody to video and photography for
the another because I've got a lot of
work coming in but if you guys would be
if you're trying to maintain a
relationship with another company or for
say with with your clients or whatever
you guys are doing right always offer
something number one always offer
something before asking for something
and number two don't strive for success
strive to be a value make yourself
valuable
the health crime continues
so for the three or three or three
Melanson yes three years the two years
have had that drone right and I've had
to DJI inspire 1 drones as you can see
there's the controller for the first one
rest in peace to Donald
so the 2 years of have these drones I've
never ever done this thing that you can
do with them right where you have one
controller and all it does is just fly
the drone around - literally this
controller will just fly the drone
around and that is it right just move
like normal but then you get a second
controller right a second controller and
these things are expensive so I haven't
bought one I've got my friend Elliott
coming around who also has an inspire
he's going to bring his controller and
pretty much what you can do right so
your first controller just controls the
groom is normal then the second
controller so I get interesting it
purely just controls the camera you need
two people to do it speak of the devil
this under these are not controllers
beeping and we can't get it to stop but
look it's moving around right and I'm
not touching it the camera is moving
around just controlling the camera so if
I if I do Oh Oh God over there stop it
you ready yes let's do it
hopefully they were awesome earlier I
think you did a good job of camera up
and added a good job of flying win-win
welcome Elliot the main reason you have
come to see me this evening right it's
because tell them why I need a camera a
phallic again again again I think let us
at home and then this is like the third
time isn't it may be initially made the
tendency yeah well welcome to Iceland
haven't seen the room in awhile Elliot
so this room is just for live streaming
just like yeah this is literally just
for live streaming I'm going to a corner
so for their TV there I had a court ever
heard of a company called el gato they
make like capture how to call with them
this morning they're releasing a product
which I'm not allowed to tell these guys
about because it's still under end dates
coming up next month but it's the a few
moments later I say it's supposed to
call that a product in that so many
people borrow my parachute I should
start charging go should I start putting
prices on people that come in borrow my
equipment you're only in your how much
money from this job tomorrow a lot of
cash Lee and while you hear clearly
interest you in a a Bluetooth speaker a
power bank you know where you take
everything mate George Sally also he
doesn't
although actually they did requested
rise thanks buddy the really awesome
guys it was really cool to get up and
flying with Elliot that was super super
super fun haven't flown the inspire in
ages well you guys been asking about the
Maverick I don't own that anymore it's
gone to somebody that needed it a little
bit more a little bit more than I did
and that's all I'll say on that right so
I've got a little bit of a problem which
involves not not this room this one I
need to sort this out so that shows you
guys in a vlog the other day I installed
this well quite doggedly this cable
around here so what you do is you plug
an HDMI into that end and then that
gives you a male HDMI in which you can
plug into anything Xbox ps4 does
anything you want do everything Alex
what's the problem Alice what's going on
the problem is you plug it into
something and Martha comes on but if it
doesn't work no signal then knew I
should have waited I logged in the
comment in the vlog the next day and all
of you guys were like Alex and yeah that
HDMI extender you you you bought off
eBay was obviously not compatible with
ultra wise or all HDMIs was compatible
with ultra wives but obviously I wasn't
confused and or than aware of that so
I've gone and bought this new cable I'm
going to try it for the sake of it but
you guys right obviously in a certain
type of HDMI for ultra wide so it works
on this computer why does it work on
that monitor but not village right this
is an absolute disaster and I can't wrap
my head around it and narcotics the
words browser the green static oh don't
know what to do guys we can't let this
be a waste of time
we can't let us there waste of time it
looks so good on me but we are gonna
make this thing work
guys this is now looking absolutely
awesome all the bags down there you can
see the HDMI cable comes out there all
I've done instead of stead of routing
all the way around this door making a
mess up here I'm just sort of pushed it
around here as you can see and it goes
down they're round they're round there
and then down there you can see it goes
through that fingers crossed guys touch
wood it all seems to be work but you can
see this is the fact I've got the MX
master Mouse right here so this just
goes on here and as you can see
everything is working absolutely fine
let him go down here I can open up mega
amazons or working on a cool day with us
today guys I've really really really
enjoyed it before meetings this morning
great things came out of the meeting too
from el gato went and flow the drones
with Elliott and messed about with the
well of what to do it for ages the dual
operator mode which is awesome
finally got this TV working which is
sweet that's my Friday over can't argue
with that
tomorrow morning running we need to go
running anyway guys money's nice you
guys have been awesome guys tails and
keep smiling
catching tomorrow's vlog click here if
you want to watch Esther day isn't good
here if you're not subscribed and you
want it please subscribe
