morning on every blog shot that starts
sort of in in this room I'm going to try
and keep you guys in the loop as to what
I'm doing in the gym and what I mean
think I've been doing I've been focusing
more on the on the eating part of it
with you guys so you guys I'm eating I'm
eating healthy I thought last night that
you guys have followed through with me
on this if you're going to like make
your health better or you know make your
gym better or whatever I don't know
so today I'm going to do arms and abs
with a warm-up here press ups tricep
dips so you guys can screenshot this if
you want then just arms today and then
later to tea I'm going to go into town
and get some really healthy food hook it
up and try to eat you know tiny help
another thing I've been doing guys is
keeping like a diary of all the stuff
I've been going on - like I do I do
things like week commencing June what's
this June the 5th of June I've had on
all of this week as well I've just been
for a meeting this morning right this is
really cool not only I'm meeting this
morning I've been scheduling all my
meetings really early to make sure I'm
actually you know getting up and this is
a problem when you like you working for
yourself because it's so easy just to
fall into the trap of I'll spend an
extra hour in bed oh I'll do that later
then it messes up we sleep schedule
messes up there's messes up that I had a
meeting this morning at like 9 a.m. one
of the best meetings I have ever had
what I'm doing is I'm planning for
somebody's I think 40th birthday I don't
want to get that wrong regardless of how
old they are I've been round to their
house this morning and they're wanting
to do a neon party they're stripping out
their house they want neon lights
everywhere LEDs sound system so I'm I'm
in charge of all of that for now I've
got a quick lunch meeting with an old an
old school friend
oh hello hello I know exactly what's in
here
and I genuinely can't wait to open it
you know when I said to you guys that I
know exactly exactly
what's in here I mean that I genuinely
can't believe that I've made the
purchase that's a big deal that I'm
going to get to lunch with my old school
friend have a lot of a catch up with her
and then let's come back and do this
together
oh this is going to be interesting there
we go Neville inventory OTC thank you
very much there we go back in the office
after that little well in order to call
it it's not not a date because well I
have a girlfriend she has a boyfriend it
wasn't a meeting it was just this we had
lunch so what's in the box
well okay a button or going to title
this video because these are the big
deals the title is going to revolve
something to do with this box so if I'm
giving it what I was going to answer I
want to go home and unbox it anyway so
I'll do that at home the main reason
I've bought it is because I see people
banging on about this absolutely banging
on right I know my friend Jed is
absolutely obsessed a lot of people art
especially youtubers personally between
you guys I don't understand the
obsession I really just don't understand
what the obsession is with them but I
had not I'm going to talk about it later
right then this is the right best wishes
by the way guys still no monitors with
anything death so still waiting on that
but best wishes I don't know what
oh it's hopeful and out the bag it is my
birthday very soon on the 2nd of July I
think in that for 4 days I'm going to be
20 guys 20 what is this sort of maybe I
should open the card sir this is a
birthday present it says Happy Birthday
I shouldn't have opened their logo solid
I am super
super stoked with it let's just go back
home let's just take this home on this
horrible Friday afternoon see what all
the fuss and see what all the hype see
what all the hype is about
but first got to pick something up from
the post office you ready for it wait
for it three two one oh look at all this
traffic trying to get back into town I
told y'all told you guys have been a
crash let's oh my god
it's literally been going for like all
the time I've been driving back for the
post offices still go and that's crazy
there must have been some massive crash
I heard it on the radio look at them all
right right there we go
I am back home guys it's time to do this
I have well I've always wondered just
wondered what all the life is about so I
thought I would do this with you guys as
a group we could do it as a group and
just have a look like what all the hype
is about you I bought these off a guy
that has a server let me just show you
guys so we can appreciate I didn't
zoomed into it so you guys can see so
back on the 12th of these six 2017 I've
slid into this guy's the end and I said
sliding my battery's dying he has write
what's called a bot or like a server
that when a new pair of Yeezys comes out
right these Yeezy shoes by Kanye West
it's nights them I don't know like word
is bit like snipe them and gets them and
he like you did a little dish advisor
lobe shoes at one and then sells them
more expensive because obviously they
fell from a retail for about 120 pounds
but actually buying them retail price is
isn't it's just not going to happen like
you got me like one and a thousand to
get one by the way then going up
information that I've read online and
been told so if I'm wrong feel free to
correct me down in the comment section
down below I'm no expert so I'll slip
into this guy's he has about 18 days ago
and I said
you can I cut a pair of issues so I can
just see what it's like I'm going to
finish or than I like easy they know my
friends we're fake easy let's see if
it's like got any special sort of
unboxing experience or whatever all this
is something I bought because I keep
losing my wallet all the time I bought
one of these tile things right let's do
this so this in here hopefully is going
to be a pair of well easy I'm hoping
pretty funny actually I hit the guy open
it was actually a fan of the channel is
given me written me a little thing here
he said okay he has put his Twitter
there you go this is a this is quite a
surreal experience and a lot of people
buy paper you can buy face and you can
get sort of like mugged off in a way so
go there's the original return thing oh
wow oh wow oh my god ha I've got ezproxy
man the amount of thumbnails I have seen
with people holding these boxes I mean
people must love these shoes man as much
other guys check this out look what I
have on the table right you do this okay
natural unboxing experience and parody
these Yeezy boost 350 made by added
earth and it has got combos as can you
obviously boost 350 Legos there UK size
9 hustle side I pound hammer games is
about ruining the box like that ok so
the Box doesn't come out any further
than I stopped there that it's not
moving ok man ok so for me to make this
video for you guys it cost me a fair bit
of money like these weren't cheap at all
but yeah really what I've always wanted
to a thought was up about ever get very
easy using easy I'm going to sit here
and do like a very natural video of me
of me unboxing them and so you guys
could get the gist of what I actually
like to receive a pair of these shoe man
because they're so I put them on I don't
know everybody always comments on my
socks for having my old man so I sort of
socks at the end of the day aren't they
right let's see what these are oh man I
just like the material you feel weird
like this feels a bit like weird amount
of people as well that to say that my
Jordans I wear on a day-to-day basis
aren't like good Jordans like this
Jordan's here but the reason why we're
deed is because fan design me ds9 ID
Jordan and now it's fun design from you
guys so that's why I wear that they
haven't they have a big sentimental
value to me okay I'm there unless I'm
doing this there we go the easy
experience man this is what we like
these are why easy I know they're coming
like different and different you know
different like styles and stuff but yeah
all right let me walk around on them for
a second I'll try and give you guys like
it it kind of feels like you still odd
they feel odd like they don't okay it
feels like you walk
it feels really bouncy like it feels
like you you're like walking on air
things I kind of like them diet you know
I've genuinely think I kind of like them
in a few days time in the vlog I'll let
you guys own my thought how those two
actually guys earlier in the blog back
on back on that healthy grind
oh my god
this is the way you gotta do it is bad
Yuri did you have it for there before
you got in the car
good afternoon welcome to England very
nice isn't it is it just me that right
if you touch this one they have to be
the same like Maria was like trying to
alter that now but not you moving this
one then that one has to go in 20 to put
you can seat some but you're honest no
motion duty tell people what you think
of my shoes cuz I don't know even a
person or not
you don't know no nice cape Alex put
that big-ass knife away
open this carefully fragile please find
enclosed a couple of little trinkets I
just wanted to write you and let you
know that I enjoy your videos quite a
bit and I find you enthusiasm and
attitude quite Conte giuse while we are
from two different generations I'm
probably your dad's age I see a lot of
similarities in us Alan Rockwell thank
you for the message appreciate it and I
will be careful whilst opening I've got
my own dog tag no look at that guys
thank you for watching today's vlog if
you enjoyed it a like rating would be
awesome guys I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog okay one off yesterday's you can
click here you can also click here to
subscribe thanks for sticking around
