good morning guys how are you all doing
my name is of course Alex repping the
merch today hope all of you guys are
alright if you want to go ahead support
me and buy some of my merch I'll put a
link to that in the description we've
got some cool designs this is my
favorite hoodie the bertie cool one and
this guy's is the a/b barcode I don't
know why I got a jumper in this actually
really like this one on a black shirt
but anyway you guys can get them all at
the links in the description so client
work a thing that I talk a lot about on
the vlog but show you guys actually very
little of I did some well I'm always
doing client work but a job I did last
Saturday well a wide up somebody's home
network and I like to go around to their
house about week or five days later just
to make sure everything is working okay
before I go ahead and charge my client
I believe guys there's one thing asking
your client if the work you've done is
okay and it is a total separate thing
taking pride in your work coming back
and looking at it yourself and making
sure that everything is working as you
left it so you guys arrived back at my
clients house now this is real-world
work that I'm showing you right now this
is me coming here working for a client a
relatively small job where they wanted
me to network their house and this is
the network cabinets a week after the
install I should have in a week it's
been about five days however guys I
always like to come back just to check
make sure everything is up and running
because at the end of the day if you are
charging a client for something physical
money I like my client to know that I
actually care so I said to them hey can
I come back round just to check
everything's working even if they say
yes everything seems to work in front of
say alright I would like to come back
and check just to tick off my work and
if it's not an in-store job that you do
like that
it's always good habit just to get into
asking the client if they liked the work
and that well very small install but
everything is fine
and I see guys this gives me confidence
in charging my client I can walk away
knowing that five days later everything
is still working and the clients are
embossed plates that we put in yesterday
yes it looks so cool you do want to send
something to it the links in the
description I come bring you all up at
once so guys how are you all doing
Pierre box is going mental I think I
think guys the Pierre box is it's my
favorite way of interacting with you
guys because oh wow
whoa is it me or is that the mini logo
it says looks mini on it please do not
bend well these are really cool oh wow
looks many thanks for the air fresheners
stickers and sure I appreciate it by the
way I'm still a little bit of research
looks mini or an Instagram account but
they put lots of pictures on of minis
and stuff 208 my name is Harry I've been
a fan of your channel for a long time
now I noticed your company a long time
ago and I went to college to do the same
thing I've always wanted to own a
clothing company so I created overcast
clothing with a few of my mates I love
people that do this nice quality look at
that that's like in that's like embossed
onto there can you guys see that I've
attached a 50% discount code which is
Mars bar 15 OVR cast clothing good job I
love it when you guys especially you
guys come to me and they're all like
Alex I've created a business with a few
of my mates like that that I have
respect for I know how hard it is to
work with yourself
finding discipline
is a very very hard thing you guys send
me some weird stuff man bye guys I know
what the rest of these two parcels are
thank you guys for setting some stuff to
the pear box there's a low must have
done that but it would take me hours to
open it off so I'm just gonna take it
home and sort of do it on my own time I
know what is in these boxes guys and
this is the stuff that we ordered the
other day if you guys know that we are
building the server right in the loft
right now and we've also decked out guys
the whole of the loft so you guys can
decide what we're going to turn the loft
into and you guys have put some really
really really really really cool ideas
in the comments so I'm absolutely
buzzing to see actually what we're going
to make in the loft guys if you ever
just like always want it like one thing
and you've just never thought it was
actually really worth it and then you
eventually get it and you're like wow
have you guys ever had that before the
one thing I can think of where that rule
applies was this Gorillapod they're SLR
zoom it's a really expensive Gorillapod
and I thought wasn't worth it and then I
eventually got one now I was like wow
what's in this box is one of those
things
who's very very heavy this is the power
Walker five 1200s eight I don't know I
don't really know why they called it
that
so guys essentially what this is right
and is its professional name is called a
UPS and these things are well they can
go really expensive you can get cheaper
ones but they won't like run as long or
or be as good essentially what our ups
does right and I'll try and demonstrate
this what the hell is that I'm gonna try
and demonstrate this to you guys
essentially what this thing does is well
you can plug loads of things into it and
then you just plug this thing in to the
power so now you guys are saying Alex
isn't that just what an extension lead
is for and well kind of what this thing
will do is when the power goes out this
thing will actually stay running and
keep your computer your monitors or in
my case your whisp your network up and
running not for a long time though but
enough time so that hopefully you can
get the power back on this is gonna be
super satisfying oh yeah
so technically that goes into the input
right there and then you plug this in
and then you put this extension cable
guys into the back like that and then
you plug this into that and then you get
yourself an extension and now what can I
test this thing with massive 600 watt
bluetooth speaker I'm gonna plug this
into there hopefully it powers on and
now guys hopefully if I start to play
something right and then disconnect the
power from this
the guys I've been getting a lot of
questions recently about drone more
specifically how to get awesome drone
shots or how I get my awesome drone
shots have been cluding the drone a lot
more in the vlogs recently yesterday as
you guys know heating stills to do
number plates for the car and they got
some absolutely cracking shots of us
driving the car around
really cool stuff and we've actually
here in the UK got a rather nice day
today not many clouds the sun's out
well it's setting right now which is
perfect so I want to teach you guys how
to fly drones so if you have one or ever
pick up a controller you can impress
whoever you're with with the shots you
get my first tip 100% is to shoot at
sunrise or sunset but most preferably
Sun set it's called the Golden Hour
that's what any photographer will tell
you and especially that's important with
a drone it's very hard to fly drone in
the middle of the day when the Sun is
beating down because it's very hard to
get the exposure between the ground and
the sky the sky will be overexposed and
the ground will be underexposed Golden
Hour is perfect something like this is
perfect so I'm gonna go out with my own
spy one and teach you guys a few little
tips and tricks that I lay upon myself
I've got my bird in the air and I'm
wanting to get some awesome shots guys
I'll see you guys I'll see you in the
dark
probably shouldn't be down here I do
have permission to be on here and this
is all very open plan land I can keep
good line-of-sight with the drone which
is two good things to bear in mind you
need to have permission to fly where
you're flying on the land that you're
flying on and you also guys need to keep
good line-of-sight with your drone nice
open space so guys there's a few very
important things you need to know whilst
flying drones before you even get up in
the air and focus on the shot
number one is you should to speak now
the shutter speed on any camera it wants
to be double the frame rate so I'm gonna
be shooting in a cinematic 25 frames per
second more on that in a second not an
easily the shutter speed of about 51
50th now as I explained earlier if it's
really bright you might not be able to
go down to 150th through a second so
then you need an ND filter as far as
what quality you can do well the lenses
on these cameras are really small and so
are the sensors so the higher the
quality the better this drone can do 4k
at 25 FPS that will be what I'm going to
shoot in let's take this thing thank you
now I feel like I'm gonna die oh my god
right guys so as you can see the drone
is live and if I do a steady shot down
here with the drone yes it looks nice
right but it's a little bit lackluster
there's nothing really there this is
just a drone going forward what I like
to do is every single one of my drone
shots is get to movements they're not
just forward like this but what I like
to do is get another axis going so I
don't go up whilst going forward right
make sense or another one go to the side
whilst panning down look at that
lookee we've got this boat is a little
bit of a target and then another shot I
like to do is use all three axes so make
the drone come down whilst we're flying
forward and also tilt the camera
see that look at the production quality
there goes up so much just to prove that
a point again this is a simple shot
going backwards yeah it's cool but quite
boring and then let's do the same thing
but let's move three axes let's fly
backwards a little bit to the left and
tilt the camera ready look how much
cooler that is right off to the sunset
very simple that is alex is number one
drone rule whenever you're flying a
drone tried to move as many axes at once
as you can whatever you do guys don't
overdo the shot
don't overdo it just make it look really
cinematic look at that straight up into
the sky
safely landed back into the carpark
to go out and practice moving as many
axes at once as possible and just look
and just what how it just improves your
drone game tenfold so guys let me know
how you've enjoyed today's daily vlog
guys if you have a like rating would be
awesome guys but for now - my likes you
guys have been awesome
talk about merch guys I'll put a link in
at the description and I'll see you guys
in tomorrow's daily vlog awesome day
planned tomorrow adios
