I don't want to use the term elderly but
spare battery the least 50,000 milliamps
there I don't want to use the term
elderly I mentioned briefly yesterday
that what we're going to be doing today
that is obviously now today's vlog a lot
of the elderly people or older people
that watch my videos knew what we would
doing today and the companies that we're
working working alongside a lot of
younger people a lot of younger people
didn't so this is going to be
interesting
we are extremely well we're a little bit
like what will be fine
rather the jean-louis carpark
need to make our way to the into Center
to meet the guys from from trusted
reviews we are slightly late to slightly
desperately theater so we have just got
some b-roll I'm actually featuring I
didn't realize I'm actually featuring in
the in the trusted reviews videos
there's got some b-roll of me inside a
Vodafone shop looking at so think of
you're going to a a capable goes down
here and then into my back pocket
whether it's like a little antenna which
is then going down to take number one
for just interested reviews
so this place here I'm not 100% sure how
you pronounce it so I'm not even going
to bother because I know who's going to
be good in the comments agent down below
that's given Alex just pronouncing it
wrong this is a very famous like coffee
shop type thing in in Nottingham and
it's been closed down for us our famous
people have played in here which is the
awesome opportunity
all wrapped up now at the bodega
literally held about 6,000 pounds worth
phones which is an incredible experience
talk about them digitally a Naboo time
to try enjoy this brainy weather yeah
there we go we're here
London cam exchange oh let's see what
we've got inside I've got some bits but
those sony a nine exactly this means is
quite complicated so I said to Jed that
well the Canon 70d has been discontinued
with the 80 days and replace with the
ATT but I said to Jed that I would buy
him a 70d right now right and he could
pay her back in light installments over
time if they've got one in stock didn't
have one of the last comer shot we were
there we've come to Jess ups she's like
a novel no I'm not getting my hopes up
mainly because I'll be really touched
they're not gonna have one it's not way
I'll just buy these I could just look
back on blog okay they don't have them
in stock but you can get them on camera
jungle but calm apparently which is
their sister site mate this is our last
hope why don't they have it anywhere
they must have got to ask Eddie and then
you can you doing with cameras yeah and
here we have the 70d in stock long shot
Oh Jeff like I don't know 70% it may be
in the back course of my whole because
it's like the 73 you wouldn't have it
because it's been replaced by the APD
but I thought it might maybe have some
attempt to develop the 70d thing biggest
of us but I'm not go myself
no yes for the only audio yeah no we'll
think it will take it will tell me if
we've got it
oh my heart they have on they have on
they have on they have one they have on
is that anything you can do for like
price whilst was made anything I can do
well I think it's 550 extra play yeah
yeah you could do anything for as net
we'd like than revenues not a that's at
541 I can't believe they have it in
stock they actually have like an X
display model and it's not the price of
it for me it's genuinely not the price
of it
now I got price of the lens - I don't
know how just did I start calling you in
first time you Casper broken into it it
was on my feet
ah really yeah yeah then I followed I
thought then I just stood then after
that just stop following him listen and
I saw you come in like a few I think a
few months ago you were when you're
looking about the Sony camera yeah also
my girlfriend you I remember that yeah
and yeah and I've got this 300 sold it
and bother oh yeah oh legend thank you
very much yeah YouTube Angela so how
happy are you right now so freaking
happy told you guys making other people
happy making other people smile makes me
happy you're smiling you're very happy
right now I'm here so I I'm happy too
the funny thing was as well they had the
lens that Jed needs to vlog because the
10 to 80 mil from Canon is at one point
age no no it's not it's going to 10:00
10:30 MLF four point five four point
five two five point six
okay they had it on display for like 220
pounds per hour on London camera
exchanges website because I know that
John Lewis price match and unzoom din -
the price like really quickly because
they had a discount on just for that day
but it was literally just for that day
so I've got money off the lens as well
as the camera got what did we get off
the camera 70 pounds yes something
ridiculous and then and then an extra
like 30 of blends 40 off the lender so
this isn't it you're a bit busy I'm a
little bit busy what have you got to
think about that mate brawn blown away I
don't even know say like
he's absolutely like a kid on Christmas
I think that like I hate Christmas like
a kid at Christmas like that is the best
way to describe like an actual kid Chris
was like no no joke I can't talk I can
so you haven't formed a proper sentence
in the last five minutes okay it is like
head back camera TG recording oh my God
look at that focus left left left
publish you be me and then listen have
yeah what is that I lifted out of time
to open that I need to go and see my mom
she's been on holiday and I haven't seen
her in ages bro it's time for me was to
part right now I feel like well you're
taking off with your new camera broke so
dude today's been awesome Velocity's
days has been under sweet weeks in my
husband awesome the grind has been real
absolutely I feel so motivated managed
to get on loads of stuff done like many
loads of stuff get it we've done like a
few all-nighters this week two loads of
work just fine isn't it
like working hard how much there no
results yet but just knowing you put the
word penny when you tried because it
does come hopefully fingers crossed
right we're pushing ourselves to the
limit push yourselves my friends push
yourself but I'll leave you with the
microphone in the gorilla pod for now
bring it back next time of the shoveled
it and you've got my card as well my my
my sweet right enjoy the camera broke
and I will see my friends please oh well
by the way the floor is lava genuinely
can't believe that that just happened
when we just play the floor velour on me
without a floor is Lars wrong me without
me even knowing I watch a lot number one
about how the hell's remember what that
even is and number two she's literally
no one has said that to me before I
don't think I'll let you know what mommy
is a real OG I love you so today has
been absolutely wicked guys buying Jed
his dream vlogging rig
understand how how much he's wanted to
get a 770 D or just a decent camera to
record videos with he had a cannon them
650d which doesn't have autofocus that
you can't really you covered his vlog
with it and it was a had it for such a
long time it was canvassed all of his
client works in their blogging with it
didn't want to risk breaking it he
bought a point issue for vlogging but he
said the microphone on it wasn't very
good and it's really helped me to
portray this to you guys I know it may
seem like Jeb was over exaggerating when
he got the camera but I've known Jed and
the entirety of the time that I've known
Jed throughout the many years I've
managed his college he's always had a
650d and he's always always wanted a
better newer camera and honestly one
thing that's going to always remain in
my brain was when he well at battery and
input memory card in it he didn't click
record he just took a photo like kid and
this shifter honestly I was driving he
did it in the car you boxed in the car
on the way back when I was driving he
clicked the shutter button when check it
like made the most like awesome noise in
the 70d and he is he just went whoa like
that and it was just like such a genuine
like I really hope he likes it and I'm
sure I'm sure he does making people
smile is also I'll make it my mission to
make at least one person smile every day
