just arrived at Grandma's I wanna show
you guys this lot right so this is my
grandma's car look the number plate dll
right but then look it's the dll massive
we'll start in a clan actually does the
air she doesn't stand for anything but
we should make up some things at its
sample Alex Oliver Brooks Peter George
Brooks sorted the variety of grandmas
she has bought right a massive but loads
of stuff this yes please come and set up
one of them being a new route sir and
residues it wasn't sir this is really
cool it is your technology grandma but
it is actually what you are what are you
closing the door on you've already got
it upstairs of you so she's bought a so
no system which is like multi room music
so she does need to come and set it up
various budget so there's one of these
four in here one of those four in the
main lounge and then you've got another
one upset I just hope you'll be able to
understand how to use the so notes
because it's not just like plugging your
iPod in or something yeah like you have
to go on the app and do it all well SPI
up here we doesn't take the back of the
Wardrobe out there's like a secret hatch
behind behind the back of the Wardrobe
just against the long coat this new
reader doesn't fail because if it does
I'm not going back in there again
like it thanks good bye go marches bye
bye
listen today listen to me okay pay me
I've got a show Jed that may I show you
a song I just drive at the coffee shop
going to edit my video and then I'm
meeting back up with Jed a little late
look at this in the copy shop as you're
walking out this is brilliant
I love the angel it is literally my
favorite place to sit and edit I love
editing in the office I love editing at
home I've done it there so often coming
out especially in the angel such a cozy
homely little vibe and I love it I love
what going on that all about the Buy
I swear down my life revolves around
coffee at the moment I just love this
stuff oh yeah I mean when gendered so
lately I drop dead into town he's gone
to see his girlfriend for a little bit I
bet it for my blog now I'm just waiting
for his comeback so we can go and do
some cool stuff I've not got much to do
today unfortunately Vince or grandma at
the new STONER system I didn't know how
long it was going to take so got my work
on chilled love today I think and I
think I'm starting to like these chills
lots every once in a while we've been
doing crazy recently anyway guys bit of
catch-up time I hope you all love you
all alright so I'm just driven back from
Lincoln and on the way back from Lincoln
I was like I need to create the ultimate
travel bag because wait a sec so I was
editing my vlog in angel coffee house
today and my laptop died I didn't have
my charger on me and wait hold up let me
tell you why I was in Lincoln in the
first place so had a slight meeting with
Jed today we've actually got a big job
coming up tomorrow we're filming for a
company called trusted reviews hopefully
is going to be really cool but a client
work going on which is absolutely
awesome got Jed helping me out here so I
got to Angel obviously I thought oh my
god I haven't edited the vlog and I'm
probably not going to be back before 6
o'clock luckily enough I've got my
laptop with me I opened it up and it was
on 40% I managed right to edit the whole
vlog and I know it's dead on wait for it
one bar of brightness the screen looked
like that where this big brick thing and
it can I think waits that listen for it
there we go it can charge this laptop
but really slowly it does it really
slowly so if you guys know of any power
banks or anything portable but I can
chuck in my bag and take with me you
know when I'm doing these daily vlogs
and stuff it would really help because
it almost wasn't a blog tonight and then
I would lose my daily vlog title
altogether if I didn't upload a vlog I'm
trying my best to you guys I promise oh
and also Apple haven't rang me back
about the screen I went into the shop
and asked them about two weeks ago Apple
can you repair my screen they went to it
that yet will be free it's our fault
they said they're going to bring me in
the next week it's been about three
weeks I hope every day
based on that company and yeah I still
buy their products right why is that so
heavy oh okay this is the new sounding
revolve plus from Bose it's a portable
speaker Bose make good portable speakers
they're expensive but really good this
is my Bose Soundlink mini and I've
painted all of the front of it black
because I want to get my girlfriend
Maria to do some awesome art on the
front of it she's really cool art I
don't really want there and I asked you
guys the other day if you wanted me to
give away these three phones or a few
phones and asked you guys to leave a
like rating on the video if you wanted
to that videos got like 15,000 15,000
likes I'm going to go ahead and do that
very soon hopefully but I don't want
this and I was just going to keep it as
like a spare Bluetooth speaker but
what's really the point in that so let
me know let me know if this is something
you guys have want me to give away like
a Bluetooth like it's a good one it's a
good Bluetooth speaker they're worth
like 250 pounds I believe so if you guys
want one of these let me know down below
with a lot rating or something and then
I'll hopefully give that away if you
guys if that's something that you guys
want a comple digit the Bluetooth
speaker man I don't know let me know
guys
what is the rug guys I have no idea what
these are this is a weird white label it
says LG Electronics but it doesn't look
like it's from LG butter ago someone
sent me an awesome unboxing knife but
I'm boxing kings in the office but I'm
startled so sorry I can't find it
anywhere
I love it when you guys send me stuff if
anybody has a cool knife lying around
reserved you send it me the gear box and
I'll use it to unbox on my parcels or
something because I can't even find
always cut away from you when you're
opening boxes there we go we need a
glory shop for this right you guys can
see you ready did it did it go what the
holiday look this is like LG signature
OLED TV and then what ah let me get some
lights on the job I'm so quite used this
is a nice box
peel off the cover just like wallpaper
huh
is this a cake I'm sorry I'm just so
confused right now okay then it doesn't
come out of there let me read this first
that's it your special a meaningful
relationship with the LG OLED team
you're invited to experience a
completely content and hashtag war paper
TV to work on something exciting
creative and most importantly fun
together this year
LG thank you but I don't know what this
is yet
LG they've sent us a case I'm not doing
hey what is it oh my gosh
wait wallpaper TV hold on wait where
it's melted LG sing
oh so you lift this I think it melted a
little bit admit move of horrible Corey
Cooper yeah LG it wasn't your fault it's
all melted together I feel taken but it
still tastes good well I'll leave that
over the breakfast bar going to help
ease up the chocolate Jed's and feel
free
you guys wanna come round did some
chocolate this evening he's working on
some some v8 okay
we've got a really cool opportunity a
few weeks back to work for a company
called trusted reviews and I told you
what's going on my you heard of trusted
reviews right they invited us to
knocking em to talk about bones it's
quite early now like quite early in the
morning so this is from just this is
from a girl called Tracy and he came in
this lovely little letter with a little
big tape on it this is Alex quite
rightly and you know yesterday if you
watched yesterday's blog where I gave my
brother an Xbox Xbox one right you may
have seen the half way through what has
the police round had the police call to
the office because I found a massive
knife outside of the office and I picked
up the night I picked up a knife and I
touched it myself and I thought what am
I going to do in our consciousness book
suppose anything you know call the cops
and and a girl behind me screamed and
jumped back so everybody now look at
this girl screaming and jumping back and
then looks at me with a big knife in my
hand and everybody's like holy crap
anyway we sorted it out me in this girl
so she wrote me this will be left and
included a business card a little bit to
me yesterday if nobody confident a
knife-wielding youtube sensation on your
way to as there but I think I took it
all in my stride I think even though
gain is like a socially acceptable term
but pretty much what Tracy does here is
she is fighting for gay people to be
socially accepted in society now I
thought things were apparently not how
ridiculous is that I said to me
yesterday that like you can still send
people off to what they call acts
straighten out so yes that's what you
told me after that Tracy you're doing a
good thing
big job on tomorrow early start and it
is they're already getting light outside
where you're going to hear about that
bro we'll be right look this fire anyway
guys I'm going to cook today's vlog
short here guys minds nice you guys been
awesome I'm gonna give acid in the fan
mail at the end of the Voges very
shortly when I'm not so goddamn busy
with work and meetings and Jed and
girlfriends and all this stuff um you're
my girlfriend on there guys oh yeah
