baby it is Monday morning guys five I am
welcome to the vlog right so it's Monday
morning right now Jenna and I have
electric skateboarded to McDonald's it's
now almost 6 a.m. and we're trying to
make it on some rooftop
what sick little places good morning
guys welcome to debug it is bright and
early on a Monday morning feeling pumped
and fresh for the day Jed Jed is just
left so this little box arrived this
morning I have absolutely no idea what
it is the clock doesn't a lot like a
normal box visitors just come in the
post though you see light brown this is
like the white I feel like I want a bit
of a surprise when I'm opening that I'm
not going to open it today I've no idea
what is you don't saw in yesterday's
video I managed to get a money to get
back a lot of the bits that went missing
in the office honestly I was absolutely
bricking myself so this computer went
missing as you guys know and then so did
these two monitors and then so did this
mouse man in this keyboard which I
didn't even realize these were missing a
sunset on that someone in the office has
borrowed them or taking them or stolen
them I didn't think someone outside of
the office had come in because that's
really difficult to get order up this
room from outside someone random like a
robbery I didn't think that I thought
someone in the office is taking them
turns out it was Jett so yeah bro thanks
you have been literally in my pants for
like two nights straight like the night
happened I couldn't sleep anyway
everything is back now it's all good
this room needs a quick
there we go guys room is tidy got this
little cabinet this just appeared I just
build this for my kids but the last 45
minutes building there that's going to
be fill out all of these cables and so
we're really making progress here guys
it is really good the actual office
through there looking absolutely sweet
I'm really hoping we can get we can take
delivery for the ROG monitors today not
today I mean it is early on right now
but I hope it will come today but I
think hopefully it's going to come
sometime this week fingers crossed
so that on there is years of war and I
don't know if you guys know this but
slick wraps actually sent me an Xbox 1s
and a ps4 Pro for use at home when I
read it this sector so I have this Xbox
here this one with the N logo on it
which is what was it off it and then
this is the Xbox I actually bought this
is my this is my day one edition console
are those actual says day one on it but
I've still got the day one controller ok
I've got a plan
but it's only going to work if I've
still got the box of the Xbox okay
here's my plan so the other day I did a
video with my brother and I asked you
guys a long time ago that guys we should
get my brother a little present because
he's always so awesome he loves being in
the videos and I know you guys like him
in the video and he always loves being
in them and he's just an awesome guy and
he's genuine he's just an awesome
brother like I love him I tease him a
lot because he's my brother but he is a
legend and I do I do a little bit and
the thing is his mom isn't going to like
this but we're going to do it anyway
right my brother's favorite game is FIFA
17 so I need to go and I need to go and
buy FIFA 17 but what I'm going to do is
reset my old xbox put it in that box
there and then surprise him with it
tonight just surprise him he's gonna
he's going to go absolutely man all you
guys said I should get them an Xbox
let's do this today let's do it it's
going to literally go mental
there we go reset and remove everything
this is going to be so is going to be so
happy one of my favorite things in the
world is making other people smile like
I just love making other people smile
well I can make other people smile that
makes me smile if I can make somebody
else happy that also makes me happy I
love doing it right while that's doing
that we need to go by FIFA I'm literally
trying to FaceTime Maria in the shop
because I have no idea what to buy
she said sweet potatoes and a normal
carrot I'm just confused right FIFA FIFA
FIFA we gotta be over here somewhere
closer no that's PE there is no is Z
4:17 for Xbox one okay then straight my
basket let's do this right I ran through
a little bit of a problem
after don't have the game in stock they
don't have fever 17 in stock I've just
run two game which is my local like game
shop in where I live and it is literally
where it's closed 15 minutes early
according to what it says online so I
don't know what to do
there we go look at that guys literally
I don't think you understand how happy
is going to be you having a loud one but
I think it deserves it
right I think I found one that's at 11
miles away so I'm going to go I'm going
to go there
okay so I've just tried to leave the
office and and I can't get out so I've
literally just got out the car and tried
to move the grit that's like okay I've
just phoned the police they're on the
way so pretty much what's happened is
there's a van parked in the way and I
couldn't get out so I thought what I'll
do is I get out my car move the grip box
right and then I might be able to
squeeze past the van as I was moving the
grip box it was a big knife behind it so
out of shock I picked the knife up and
turn around and a woman behind was
literally right behind me and she
thought I was going to swipe her with
this knife so she steps back and I'm
like well sorry I'm not I'm not going to
slap you with it I've let you just move
this grip box out the way and there's a
big knife behind it so she's just called
the police and we're both just waiting
here and chatting about YouTube while
the police come but I've just let you
found a big knife lucky
absolutely round and you good over there
yeah all that that was eventful
I'm now half and half behind and see you
guys in a bit
there you go right taking me half and
having to try for the next closest Tesco
superstore if they don't have it I don't
know what I'm going to say please please
please
Oh what else are they got now TV bar
Tony blue rope now Alex stopped a
label-maker is something I've always
wanted to do right guys I've made it
back home I'm not sure how I'm going to
do this what I think I'm going to do is
go and ask Jacob if he wants to record a
video in the garden tell them that he
needs to put a shirt on or change your
shirt and then what I'll do is I'll
place this in his bedroom just behind
the door and then when he walks in
you'll see it and be like what is that
and then I'll say Oh is his xbox one on
it what's in the playroom and then I'll
give and then hi Jacob tryna come on
record a video in the garden quickly
yeah you still got uniform on go and put
a top on what what happened and that was
it well I want to send the top then the
green bit on the top and the front of it
on the top of it yeah what I say Xbox
one Xbox one have you put that there no
I don't know anything about it don't
even save your 16 is gone
well your fever six if you sure you
haven't done that what's that in there
FIFA 16 on the Xbox 360 but that's an
Xbox one but you don't have an Xbox one
you'd like an Xbox one though wouldn't
you have you bought me next door - all
right I don't know anything
you have put this one in there look
giggle pulled it all in for you George
you have to turn it on right you press
the X button down there you ready go on
press it just press it just tap it yep
how cool is that
so jingles had to go off to bed because
it's like just hit 7:30 8:00 p.m. here
in in the UK but it couldn't play the
Xbox because it was really long with a -
like a gigs worth of updates to do so
I've left it to do those so guys I'm
going to cut today's vlog short here and
go and hang around with Maria my
girlfriend we're going to cook some food
we're pushing the boat out tonight we've
got some chicken on the job you just
want to spend an evening with her for
once before it actually gets really dark
because I overtime i Series in the
evening and it's always dark and oh yeah
just nice to see people in the daytime
for a little bit isn't it I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's vlog you ready for it
Oh
