young boy very well definition to the
place I don't know I don't know they'll
be able Keller is mad in it
Sunday afternoon quick meeting with Jed
but he's asked me to bring both Electric
skateboards because he said after the
meeting you wanted to go on a
skateboarding sesh it's Sunday
why not that's all better okay there you
go you've got it you've got it
can you just point something out here
every single person look at what that
noise was the general is a little
meeting in a cause they're not really
talked about not like anything too
particular just brinstead on a few
things that I want him to help me out on
for the main channel Jake make sure I'm
looking at you I try to tell yourself if
man is important only bro is your
legendary legend
Jenna nice we're going on a little bit
of an Instagram mission or just a video
mission we're going to try and get
really high on top of like a skyscraper
building type thing try you know at
Instagram game and get some absolutely
awesome awesome shots
the JED what we give it house said that
this thing in its massive building which
well right we really do get rain okay
we're going up for boxing and shit we
get right in the forties too long and
yeah big thing here that just stopped
anybody going up there were four
contains four photos but not anymore
look at that supposedly recommend those
bars I'm gonna let you kill you yeah I'm
going to kill I'm going to kill you why
bother them
I spent the fuck I've done what I've
just done the best the best prank or is
the longest going prank in the history
of France
sweet chocolate news comes it on the
shape
going hot cool bit of that but you have
to pranked me right me into that today
so unfortunately I didn't capture the
reaction to this well absolutely
I've done the stupid you put it over
here voice again discount now I pranked
the whole of your channel what have you
done no yes is it Frank
so from what I can remember I was
vlogging when it happened or when I
thought it happened I was vlogging in
that room you come in room for now and
you're just good from now I suppose yes
you come on
sorry means use that and you're like me
come and look at this stuff's gone
missing so I wander through with this
camera and I'm like this where the mr.
Azad a PC element and then with two
miners here and anon see we're going to
use this one for the editing desk now
dude dude was literally with two models
it was literally the older living
computer there and then it literally
just shot with the stuff man and you're
there playing an incredible game but
this is a friend is a friend well know
whether you did it yeah is the front is
the prank
the news is proof stop being in there so
I'm going to take 2 team honors okay
just a few bits either through mad no
idea we're going to take my along and
take sister's room and then I went into
that room over there
and I hid it in one of these like
cupboards on the storage for the DS to
look at you do thinks again is going to
be in
tiny is a prank there's a day when you
like what can edit in that I came in to
do the room and moved it all about when
I telegrams is Roylott and I left like
to go and as I do can you come look at
him
I'm so sorry Oh cuz he keeps going too
far no I literally this morning right
woke up two people from the office
calling me saying hey Alex
I've seen the vlog just to let you know
I've asked around all my colleagues and
no one's taken anything like Jenni was a
phone call that I had this morning from
somebody in this office I would text up
like everybody in the office saying like
they haven't and I woke up to like this
morning I woke up to someone ringing me
saying Alex I haven't seen anything out
of your aura but this is like how do you
want to feel I want stammering up I
would need to say about the word man
like I'm relieved hahaha
are you impressed our moans fuller and
people in the bog were like call 9-1-1
or people I call one to two or something
fill it it's like I'm not serious and
then when I wanna yeah but then you was
like no don't call them don't call them
yeah they know no name thank God you
were the one that told me not to call
anybody because you pranked our I'm just
stupid I'm using lies looked in here I
went through all the rooms are so far
and I opened the door and I looked in
hours I just in Katy taken in the guy
that worked there yeah but what you was
in here like the whole time the whole
time I think I was this morning I was
freaking out so that consider you
dividend I was right we need to do
something Sunday and we'll vlog from
their discipline Sunday because I'm a
head I was like what if he was your tea
tomorrow if I hadn't told you and you
hadn't figured all this out yet you
would have gone to the head office
tomorrow and you would have contacted
security department it probably called
police and Little Miss toasters the
guards all gone fully even prank bro
you've been pranked the whole internet
since it's the whole Internet's been
Frank no one knows I don't know anyone I
don't even tell Lauren
tell anyone it's there it's all fine so
please don't call it stolen as well I
resumed done I was I was going to say I
was going to say like I was the master
been strolling the market and all that
kind of stuff so I thought I like to
your bit I like the whole day today I've
been like Nathan was out riding the
board's earlier I was like how the hell
am I going to tell you when it's not
going to make you flip him since Sunday
I have to vlog Sunday and how to do this
because I have got to tell you and I
can't make a video about it you you have
prank me alright it's like even a pram
I'm so sorry guys this was nothing just
hadn't I didn't mean to crack you you
had me so believed like you had me
thinking I thought what the hell is this
stuff I thought I did it wrong and I was
saying since the blahblah guys you don't
need to worry about it like just don't
worry about things if things happen you
trying it like it was G just printing
I'm literally like I don't even up say
to you this you have no idea angry so
obviously when it happened I this is the
room but this is the room that the
things working love the big office the
big office that room there is my normal
office so I went in when on the day when
everything is when I thought everything
was stolen I went in this room I looked
around one of the cupboards I went down
here I looked in here the kitchen and
then I also went I don't I did look in
the bathroom good night and I also
looked in this room because I thought
you know someone mopping my boring one
of the monitors a big thing to open this
boiler cupboard which was closed like
this right where Jed had hidden
everything so there all those in there
visually I didn't realized that there
was a mouse mat also God didn't realize
there was also a mouse that duplicated I
also didn't realize that a keyboard has
gone missing as well I just thought it
was the monitor two monitors Xbox in the
computer and apparently those these
three things with aunty Jed officially
got everybody like Internet Haji right
now
so Jeddah has just left the office to go
pick up his girlfriend from
I don't know what to say definitely 100%
he didn't give anything away that it was
a it was a hoax or that he's in heat
with him that done it I was fully set on
someone just taking my stuff without
asking like and he even drilled it into
my head that it wasn't a robbery
like he kept saying knowing the police
don't do this he'll be fine it'll just
be someone in the office so much did he
goes he does
Jed has gone to pick up his girlfriend
from work I'm meeting back up with him
afterwards right now I need to go and
one of my client now because yeah again
though Internet's gone down I thought
what these people keep doing they said
to his people asleep in the house I
don't want to start drilling in the
house to take that off as a whole I'm
going to Colette the cable and that
should give us some solid Wi-Fi well I'm
back in their place well one of her this
our first row in the morning so I'm
gonna get carried her where we work
isn't it why good morning
Jenna I literally got so carried away
with work that we did totally forgot
what the time was a little bit of time
like 40 minutes ago and was like dude
it's 4:00 in the morning and then we've
just decided that we made all carry on
working so we have done and we've done
it well nothing good comes easy does it
he goddamn right cuz the Rings not
Monday morning I'm really hoping that
we're going to hear from carpet guy
carpet man today and he's going to give
us a quote for hand which is going to be
to put the carpet down and then well
you're the cameraman we can start doing
the series for the main channel but guys
interview if you say open work all night
oh well just stay off your hands no you
have to work it is 100% worth it
oh my beautiful view I'm going to end
this video here - when Alex you guys
been awesome guys sales and keep smiling
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog quick
here be yesterday's video and here to
subscribe I'll see you in tomorrow's one
oh yeah
