so I wish I wish I was about to run oh I
wish I could do what I've just done
right now but not be dead in the face as
I am right now I wish I was a lot
stronger at running but great things
don't come easy you've got to work for
it that's what I'm trying to do now so
guys Saturday afternoon I've arrived
into into the office nice day again
today I got the shorts on not too hot
though just really sunny which is
brilliant I'm not overheating in this
attic space I'm just putting last couple
of hours sorting out this PC I come over
to look at there's never time I look at
this oh wow it's been such an amazing
job on this thing I look at wait look
watch this boom you see that wait wait
for it wait for it wait for it
boom who is doing like a lightning shot
down the PC like that and you can
actually change the effects of what it
does on the front of this PC like you
can genuinely change RAM on guys gates
the size of this thing it's the size of
my hand pretty much wait let me see if I
can show you guys once they're here
looks you can click on desktop which I'm
assuming is the actual computer itself
and then you can go ahead and do
breathing color cycle comment what is
comment whoa ah that is guarding my
favorite wall nice wicked oh look at
that it's like thundering thundering
lining on the front of the computer so
you just spent the last couple of hours
installing one of the programs on there
like Premiere Pro and Photoshop and
everything everything there in full
flourishing well just waiting just
waiting on the monitor
so up in the new room guys I think
about Penn on my chin getting a stream
really close to actually doing the main
series on this channel I'm hoping to
hear from the carpet man carpet guy
who's when the carpet down I hopefully
hear from him as soon as I do I booked
him in I promise you guys as soon as he
is available we will then get the carpet
down ASAP then we're ready to go what
I've done here is obviously TVs going to
go here it's going to cover that up but
I've written two times HDMI 1 times
Ethernet 1 LED controller 1 x power for
the TV and 1 times optical for the sound
bar and wireless subwoofer there's all
the ports and cables and things that I
need to have out here on the wall how
does that sound normal
oh yeah oh God I'm Stalder okay this is
new this is my network switch by
ubiquity it's hanging here by the
ethernet cables at the moment so my OCD
is going mad and need to get this thing
tacked up to the wall
it's my a port switch where the internet
comes in and then it also goes these two
red ones go over to where the computer
and stuffs going to be and then from
here I can just take an Ethernet from
here straight into the back of the telly
one of these internet cables comes out
the roof here you're probably thinking
like why the hell is you got an Ethernet
cable coming out the roof what's that
about I was going to because I put the
Xbox one up here so you can plug it in
I'm joking this UFO thing is big access
point this little blue at the moment
which is currently serving my Wi-Fi this
is eventually going to be going up there
on the roof like snap on the roof
obviously the main thing is we're going
to be streaming in this rooms are having
a decent solid internet connection it is
a must by the way I tried emailing
security last night about the missing
items from this room the three monitors
computer and the Xbox which is why I'm
not ringing the police or anything
that's a big question I got a lot on
yesterday's vlog I'll actually need to
bring the police so much is that set
someone to just stolen from you no I
don't think anybody stolen from me
there's at least three coded doors that
you need to get through to get up to
this room one of them you need a key for
one of the meetings passcode for and one
of them is like a card for like a filing
someone in this office has taken them
without asking that's what I think I
don't know but I'm being optimistic I'm
just as worried as everybody else is but
I'm one of those people that's like
if you can't do anything about it what's
the point in worry this is a big deal of
actually how much of a big deal is
because we've all seen this slow
progress on which to me complain about
how long it's taking for all this stuff
to happen right here you go three two
one bang that's a picture of this room
right that is a picture of this room and
then bang now look at it right you
wouldn't think it was the same room you
just wouldn't so much is going to this
it's taking so long to do it all it sort
of brushed all of that away it's a
totally different space and it is
awesome and as you always say this
wouldn't have happened without you guys
at all we've done this together this was
your guys input thank you for all the
input because I would not have had these
ideas to this business myself so thank
you guys so much for all the interaction
it really means a lot amigos is a
comment like rating distal edge of
interaction it's just awesome everything
helps the videos up so thanks
so we are guys healthy food calm assumed
gonna get up early I'm gonna start
running gonna start eating healthy let's
do this together right this arrived no
was this this thing you've only think in
Alex what what's this for
how to use this in a while I'm out
because well it's not plugged in we
throw it out this room the other day and
well we tidied all the computer up it
looks absolutely awesome and we put this
little mini PC here and I demonstrated
that we could use it for the LAN setup
in then at the lantern I mean for when
Toby comes around because he's my only
friend
well I've got a lot of friends but he's
any friend that ever comes around and
plays games with me didn't have a cable
long enough to bring it round through
there up above there
long story short that's that case
no slight problem I've really just
capable all the way up here put it
across here and I need to do something a
little bit better here and I've written
it all the way down there underneath
there and then it it comes out here and
it it doesn't work I've got it plugged
into the Xbox at the moment still
nothing had it put into the PC had it
plugged into the laptop think of what a
diff cable I don't think it works oh I
just have a chat with you guys about
something that's been on my mind and
it's been putting me not letting me off
but it's just been on my mind I shall
let you guys know know somebody a so I
am super hyped up identity comes across
in the videos but I'm super hyped up
about what we've done in the live
streaming room at the office well the to
be live streaming room when actually get
some streams done in there and speaking
about that I've been taking everything
with that room kind of seriously I'm
mapping out a way to look cool I'm out
here being there behind the scenes I'm
thinking and what cameras are my gonna
install for the live streams microphones
surround sounds headset yadda yadda
yadda and originally make like a
balls-to-the-wall setup I wanted to be
really awesome because you know I love
doing awesome things with you guys I
love just going above and beyond you
should always aim above and beyond and
even if you don't achieve it
you've still tried your best but what I
don't want to do is build some insane
spectacular rooms for live streaming and
then my live streams not to be you know
very good obviously I'm going to try my
best
wealth window when I'm in the room is
streaming whether I'm by myself or with
guests etc and it's what you guys to
know that yes I may build an awesome
room and
call collaborative project that we've
ordered together I don't want you guys
to go into something all this stream is
absolutely rubbish Oh alice is rubbish
extremist I might be because it's
something new it's something new that
I'm venturing into and was I'll get
better hopefully over time as well as
let you guys know I guess I've done a
few streams before but interacting on a
twitch chat is a lot different to
interacting the G guys every YouTube
comments and I've limit the experience
of probably path I dunno what I'm doing
but it's a lot different than this
YouTube thing it's like if I'm not very
good I hopefully will get better over
time by choice let you guys know that I
hopefully you know if I'm not ready to
start with you guys going to beat it and
I'll improve I know only does 2 go into
expect thing just because I've spent
such a long time building and also
ruined my streams are going to be bang
bang bang all amazing we're going to
overcome some makeups we're going to do
it together and that's the fun of it
