I've been stuck in traffic for about
half an hour Friday traffic is the bane
of my existence
ma'am I'm a knight like miles long I
think it important to cut the cameras
over the car just not moving
right arrives at the office with Jed bro
I want to show you the new editing desk
or what I've sort of started to put
together right initial reactions when
you first leave it a little convey
everything saying yeah there's mostly to
talk about was the little computer you
haven't even seen like there's well the
ridiculously overpriced headphones which
I don't know why they cost so much I
haven't even probably listen to them yet
myself
two hundred and sixty or so the compound
yeah crazy stuff wait now it comes with
this like this like control pod from
like the future I mean alright Johnny
I'm gonna work but I just am i sleeping
use at the bottom of the desk like next
to the card we don't like that often
think not even out yet that amount
things going to sell it and once we get
it all hopefully today opening today we
can get a monitor there and then you can
actually sync up the lights from the
keyboard of the mouth with the lights on
the pan again same keyboard I've got on
my day yeah I just like it a lot it's
just a nice keyboard and so that's that
I feel like you haven't earned I mean
you'll be able to like anything here so
please my name is to you the game that's
opening day which is sort of in that
remark Jason remembers thinking you
haven't been to this office for a while
to like it you've come here and work
with it less railway bitter like well I
went away I went to a late night let's
get unless you hear all of Logan's but I
haven't actually like spoken to you
through having been in there so pretty
much the carpet guy who's been round
this morning and he's measured up so
we're gonna get carpet down so just
ignore before more blood lava
okay yeah they're pretty much that which
I've programmed it to that the switch
not the dimmer switch it's a normal
switch yep does the LEDs oh yeah little
do one I'm going with a bit of a good
action that's it uh that's really going
on and then
give up the main lights you can make a
nice and dim or nice and how lives it
again
sweet I just yeah qualitative is going
there I'm going to put the aircon unit
in that corner can it get so hot in here
this is a little alcove for the consoles
the LED you look under each of those I
look like a frigate yeah they're really
awesome aren't they and there's going to
be the computer there and then make that
LG TV on the wall it's definitely gonna
be a fun production we're not going to
get any work done it's going to be the
ultimate chill-out zone up here
obviously is Friday today so I'm not
going to hear back from the carpet man
for a while
well probably into Monday but is this
route it's good I like it - I like it
transforms like mad how long do you have
a month well here's the thing I've been
looking back on my old vlogs from last
year and seeing this room just the whole
thing looking like this I've seen I've
seen it slowly transform and serve these
people on the vlog but you haven't so
it's just exactly so it's a big
achievement big congressman Scott Jed
Lenny guarantee the coverage of the
liquor included I can't your lives away
I like you too I bring it up with all
those there's your tour of the office
that you actually work in I don't know
about like it's alright for the past
year
so if me and Jed are in the office today
doing some bits for tech flow which
obviously which obviously going to
involve what this area of the room when
we don't have a monitor for that so I'm
going to tidy the rest this up we use
one of the other monitors for the other
room for now and yeah well just go from
there I suppose yes so I'm going to use
that but no one's are normal ask me if
they have because because I swear the
listing was a PC that was Matt and there
with two minors here and honestly we're
going to use this one for the editing
desk none dude this was literally to
model here where there was literally the
older little computer there and then
literally there was three monitors there
including this one
I can even I'm a government that was a
computer I can let you check on
yesterday's vlog so that's what I've
logged in here yes it's gonna look at
the vlog yesterday I'm going mental
yeah I've already edited yesterday's
vlog going to load it did I go any other
room yeah yeah yeah
voluntary the Xbox is going to go David
where's the stuff or the computer which
would have had a password on it anyone
notice what was that like was that like
that when we came in someone's
legitimately stolen well at this point
I'm just presuming oh yeah that's
someone I haven't touched the stuff so I
came in here did a vlog thing around
here yesterday and then I didn't touch
anything else it's Friday now obviously
curity closed an hour five minutes ago
will receive me TV but I have access to
it like it's monitor is secured by
somebody else but at least secure stuff
in FFX Friday riding on the guy and then
there's a stairway and that is it what
this is the fire escape no not missing
the point is and we just
this this room because it's just not
like I wouldn't go into someone else's
office but that is my office literally
the only other thing it's that room
which is my office itself and then the
main stairs to go down to check the
nothing else has gone missing but the
gladiator PC is still here all the stuff
behind why do people keep stealing from
me
I just like it and London yeah why is
that direct and why well you know what
at least the things that we have main
thing so one thing we actually need is
that where's the power supply for it
dude what the hell is going on not
freaking you out I'm genuinely sweating
right now I've like takes Maria and Ben
like someone's been into the office and
stolen loads of stuff because I know
realistically I know you're like oh
someone's going to take it and like it's
almost gonna borrow the monitors weather
why would someone take the computer a
horn like for the Xbox she's heading out
if you forgot yeah the Xbox is gone no
one can no one in this office not in
this entire office parking on a second
exit park so it literally got a little
get away from Monday enough away yeah
because it's now the weekend like home
can't do anything okay
it could have been worse like commander
taken back the teller okay I may as well
get back to work
but anything death is at least working
so we can what he did Jen and I have
just finished recording a buttload of
text flow videos for the next
up-and-coming month with well the a 5500
broke I'm going to give you this right
what we do is through Sunday you said
about some Yandex okay if you want to be
up some day you start a vlog on Sunday
with that I'll give you it and then
we'll just go do something fun yeah
we're bright like we have today much
appreciate his run to Sunday morning my
grandson then won the over like so it's
fun working with jet right I take all
this away with kit well I'm getting up
to the evening jet has gone home I
probably not really tired and that's
because I am it's almost midnight right
now here in England yet I wanted to get
to zero on my inbox and I've done that
but let's address the elephant in the
room or I'll do that going to send
everything off this being the elephant
in the room so from what I can recollect
this morning or this afternoon this
afternoon's events general I we got to
the office would plan to do an awesome
vlog today we're going to go out on the
Electric skateboards and do some awesome
awesome stuff but something delayed it
all fact the fact that all of this stuff
has gone missing Jade comes into the
office when I was blogging if I can
remember correctly and the use goes Alex
of sweaters little monitors and loads of
stuffs gone missing but he came in here
to get the monitor for the for the
editing ring confused is missing and a
couple of old monitors and Asus one and
it was an asus monitor and HP and old HP
monitor which I don't think even work in
the computer it's just gone as well when
I saw it that was knocked over and so
was the lg monitor may not know don't
know what to do I'm going to contact the
office security but obviously it's the
weekend now there is cameras surrounding
this building so we'll be able to see
what the hell happened but I'm like 99%
sure it's not just somebody borrowing
them like because no one would commit
like this is my space in here I don't go
into other people's offices you just you
don't do that this is like a
professional office space with loads of
other people's offices surrounding my
room which is this one and my other room
which is that we no one comes in my
office other than if they're going to
put a parcel there that's been delivered
for me that was the thing that tips it
all the Xbox one has gone as well I
could understand it
Saburo monitor but who wants to burn an
office building right now there's like
an accountancy built these people have
serious people but like working in the
they're not playing xbox so I'm just
really confused by suppose we're just
going to have to wait and see wait and
see what security says or like what we
can see on the CCTV because I have no
idea like so confused since have been
and gone back from LA I need to sort
something out because I had it really
really really really good I had it
nailed down to the tee and something
happened that something is well going to
LA this is happened since I got back
from El run more and sort out sleep back
I also need to see security you know
start this thing tomorrow Saturday and O
Saturday today where a lot of people
have a live look at the crack of dawn
I'm going to go for a run trying in mind
it's currently 331 a.m. sometimes I find
if I'm not strict with myself but I
don't do things that have to be really
strict and I have to hit the nail on the
head you don't give it a hundred percent
what's the point in even trying also
we're going to get up in the morning
we're going to kick start this do you no
matter what bad things life throws at
you like today losing those monitors in
the office I still have no idea there's
no point in sitting there and dwelling
over it and getting all sad and upset
where's that going to get any you got a
picture not you've got to look at your
goal and you've got to get guys money's
been Alex you guys have been awesome
guys Dale's and keep smiling cook here
for yesterday's vlog guys and click here
to subscribe and I'll see you in about
four hours yes
