just a slight tidy out this morning Oh
guys three things to tell you room tidy
this room looks awesome from yesterday I
packed something awesome in this bag
let's go right I rise into the office
first off got a few errands to do there
we go jobs completed back to the office
I'm back so I'm happy today guys the
weather has toned down a little bit
today didn't wash yours and I've dead
put the lotions back on we're in the
office the heat is bearable was where I
was hiding up the server room yesterday
and we did all the work and bits in
there I actually found I actually found
this all we know is it's called the Stig
look at this beast oh wow hey guys
Mozgov logs here it does actually send
this out to me I don't even know what
it's called
they sent a elves making me to use up my
setup at home but I just didn't really
get along with it because my computers
in the other room and as up the trail
has cable through walls and we are
building and ROG sets us up there which
is lacking a pair of headphones
I don't think ROG sent it out what's it
called ROG oh my god it's worth 228
pounds
what Dutch tower okay yeah this is
definitely going in the system
Oh No look at this this this is getting
me now just waiting on that monitor man
this is going to be so good just what
I'm just literally waiting on that
monitor this is going to be so cool
there guys like you looking through
initially as I've said we're just
waiting just waiting on the monitor so
result when I brought you up on
something real quick after a tweet I got
yesterday and I tweet out and I'm doing
a Twitter only giveaway generally be
saying this because now all you guys are
going to pull it over to my Twitter and
like the tweet I pretty much said I
wanted to give away a 1.5 a Google pixel
and an iPhone 7 plus 3 phone I collected
whilst I was tidying out yesterday a lot
of people already came to me to give
away the phones when I did between it's
got like almost three thousand favorites
or something crazy for Twitter users
thank you for being so active appreciate
it I feel like I'm insane Alex you're
already doing a giveaway on YouTube your
dignity's doing a giveaway here you
already doing giveaway well yes some of
the time for giveaways because some of
the time we're doing the live streaming
room right for example I'm doing the ROG
setup that is the computers it used to
run the editing there but if you are the
sort of person that does like giveaways
make sure you follow me on all my social
medias because I do secret ones on
snapchat and secret ones like the phone
one I just told you about I get
questions all the time like Alex I want
to do YouTube I want to go into each you
what's the main thing I should focus on
the question I get on Twitter the most
it's probably the question I get about
YouTube in real life when people say
what should i do or how do you do it
what is the most important thing let me
tell you the most important thing
and now the most important thing isn't a
second sub from Subway legend - the most
important thing is interaction so I
don't need this thing this is a common
trend in in my videos right you may have
you may not have depending on how long
you've been watching but I've always
always try to in every single video
include my audience in some way that
being you guys I say guys a lot as well
I don't think it's long and hard about
this because I get this question a lot
and I said it's more some people in real
life as well as online - like when I'm
talking somebody in real life I have to
give a really good answer any chasing
someone in real life it means more and
my number one tip used to be just do you
and the rest will follow right do what
you enjoy I think going up neck and neck
with that is interaction interaction so
on massive thank you to whoever sent me
a frozen mask thank you to whoever
assembly there's massive Amazon bots and
thank you to all of these people who in
the last week have sent me something
well a letter of some sort look at it
open on camera inspiration inside this
that is why I love all right guys I've
just been doing a little bit of client
work here this is a net which look like
what a network looks like someone's
network that I'm configuring as you can
see one of their devices has gone down
so I need to sort that out Jacob we're
just running to my room do everything
what we can do mate we haven't been in
your your gaming room for a while she'd
be another look at that yeah okay she
says there you had some ideas for this
room but they're not very good three
they're not regular bro tell me tell me
one of them tell me the best one of your
not very good idea but I want to do some
things so um
jester's it gets dirty really what you
mean by dirty you mean like all the
disks and stuff all over the floor then
I in the right place and they're gonna
get scratches on this b4 disc down here
Jacob that's upside down - where should
that because if your idea isn't boring
no Jacob you're 100% right it's not a
boring idea it may seem boring but it's
not keeping things in that place is what
you need to do this is what happens when
you then put you this back in the box
again to get what grassley sees on it
you knows what it's doing
what about like a big tall thing we
could put here and what you can do is
you can slop in these discs and with
with the distance idly exactly and they
aren't all just scattered all over the
floor line we could build another one of
these a little mini one and put it there
and then you can stack all your games up
on it like that again not just same
stain we'll have to get the home base
and do it again wait wait what that do
you remember in a video we did a while
ago I asked the audience I said I'm
going to get you a present for this room
and asked the audience to tell me what
it should be what do you think the most
requested item for me to buy you was it
was an X it was an Xbox one thing you'd
be allowed an Xbox one or not so what do
you think about that Xbox one with a
custom controller that's what you guys
said and luckily enough it's what you
want isn't it right all of you guys you
can have to tell me if you think Jacob
deserves it one thing I remember is
you've been doing very good at your
football recently
by the way Jacob loves football people
back time wait tournament I didn't know
about that I'm going to come and watch
you if I'm free Oh guys it's that time
again
there we go back in the gym well I'm not
in the gym yet but what I'm telling
myself is good things don't come easy
and why does it look better I need to be
in that thing every single day instead
of them doing random shots of me setting
out I'm just going to video this whole
thing time lapse is only last half an
hour on this
and I'm probably going to spend 50
minutes in here but everybody asked what
I do with the gym so I'm just good
time-lapse it I love to McCumber 20
minutes into that workout and it was
turned off it - the battery was dead so
I have no idea when it actually died I
don't know how much of that you guys
actually saw date night tonight well not
date night necessarily it's one of my
friend from schools birthdays and he
also knows Maria my girlfriend as well
we all went to the same school it is
birthday tonight but Maria and I are
going as a couple to it personally I'm
not a massive fan of going out and
drinking it's not something I really
enjoyed doing but for occasions like
birthdays and things that everybody else
is going out it's just nice to go out I
don't drink much and I'm not going both
far tonight so what I do is I just take
my credit card and all that all my cards
are out my wallet so it's just my ID in
here and then all I do is I've got 35
pounds right here I just put this in my
wallet and then that's all I'm allowed
to spend on the night out very mind 17
pounds of that is my my taxi
I know everybody said I like you've
Apple pay yeah well guys today I'm going
to end this video with this piece of fan
mail which I found really cute as well
as really awesome unfortunately his
name's on here so I'll check them out
but if you recognize this then then this
is yours I was just really the way the
way easiest has been spelt and the way
inspired has been spelt
it's just so just touches my heart
anyway guys might not like you guys have
been awesome I hope you've all had a
brilliant day here for yesterday's video
guys hate to subscribe and I'll catch
you in tomorrow's one a DA
Oh
