first mornings job fitting this for a
client all done very sweaty morning I
just got back from the opportunity I've
been out this morning installing
somebody's internet that's all of my
jobs done for today managed to do them
this morning and get them out the way
we'll start today's video I wanted to
let you guys know something I've got
four phones well I've actually got five
I've got I've got a galaxy essay which I
need to find in today's video you'll see
how I'm going to find it a little bit
later but for now I've got four phones
here I've got iPhone 7 plus another
iPhone 7 plus the one plus 5 which I
picked up yesterday on my Google pixel
right that's my pleasure phone and the
pixels my work phone that leaves an
iPhone a one plus five in the sh to give
away let me know if I were to do a
giveaway by subscribing leaving a like
and commenting below what phone you this
this is where I'm going to find that
essay this room this room is turned into
my absolute dumping ground this phone is
in here somewhere and I really let
myself go this room is a mess I've told
you guys before that a dirty workspace
never equals clean work
marginese to cable take go through onto
the side of this wall into my well two
of the monitors out of the three
monitors the third cable was this one
and it wasn't long enough for me to
route it through this cable trunking it
just went straight across there and
looks super messy and plug straight into
a while back I bought this longer one
I've taped it to it
let me hold on before I start plugging
things in
about my friends is they dusted out your
computer guys if you're afraid of
spiders look away now look at this bad
boy hiding behind there oh my hey dude
actually not much imagine not a massive
stone spiders myself but they don't
freak me out as much as they're for it
other people out I just don't not fan I
need to try and get you to safety
because this room is far too hot for you
sir hi guys there we go I'm finished
look how sweet this all looks now all of
you guys saw when I came home from LA
this all this was on the floor
everything was a mess a bracket broke
underneath there off-camera I've
installed a new bracket underneath the
desk everything is fine I've installed
the right length cables for the monitors
so these all come round here looking all
like okay well mine is looking sweet
this blue cable right now this was messy
so I installed this one and it runs to a
4 port USB hub underneath the desk which
is 2 for this keyboard one for the mouse
mat and one for the mouth that one's for
the webcam that one's for my DAC that's
the Ethernet simple app I've also
installed this computer like I said I
would here next to the games console so
there's a computer Xbox one s ps4 Pro
all I need to do now is get a super long
cable from the TV in the back that can
run from down there above that door
above there down the cable trunking
underneath that cable trunking there
straight to that PC and then whatever
happens in the back will be run off this
little bad yet but it's also really good
today
it also goes straight over to this
computer when I have friends around and
we want to do a little bit of a LAN what
perfect work and also now we're all
ready for when the new PC arrived can
just take out all the cables put the new
PC in good job not work job more on the
word work actually what I've been to do
this morning install a little antenna on
somebody's house was what was what a lot
of people would call work or clients
work you're working for a client or
you're doing a job you're working right
work a lot of people fail to realize it
is not work it's an opportunity it's an
opportunity to learn and an opportunity
to expand everything you guys do in in
life whether you call it work or not
whether you've done it a hundred times
already in this is your 101 time doing
it opportunities guys are usually
disguised as hard work that's what
scares a lot of people off it I thought
this morning I checked Twitter as I
usually do and had a tweet from one of
you guys and I get tweets along the same
sort of lines saying Alex I want to give
up what I'm doing because it's not going
anywhere
what do I do about it do I carry on or
do I stop and try something out and if
you're thinking that was one thing you
need to understand and it's a thing
called the butterfly effect and the
theory goes that a butterfly on the
other side of the world flaps its wings
and it causes a tornado on the other
side of the world extreme example but
what I'm trying to say here is use that
there advising for that exam or you
turning up at 9:00 a.m. to your job
might seem like something you don't want
to do at the time but just think of it
this way that butterfly flapping its
wings is you turning up to work at 9:00
a.m. or sat there advising for that exam
that's next week and the tornado of that
the butterfly effect from the exam side
is you getting a really good mark and
getting a really good opportunity from
that are you working hard at what you do
a bigger things coming in the future I'd
never say I work I say I'd never say to
myself that you're doing work I said
that you're giving yourself opportunity
in the office
nice try and shocker life can be quite
serious but it's also about having fun
as well I think we got I'll call this
setup looks to just need the monitor DPD
parcel wasn't clothes that I ordered not
the monitor by the way just listen to
the office to move a few bit carpet
loves coming to measure up this bit with
a carpet on Friday guys let me know if I
should get this bit carpeted too I might
get a nice carpet put down here like a
full-on nice carpet and then just carpet
tiles in this fix it'll be cheaper or
I'll leave there depending on what you
guys say in the comments down below
should I do the whole thing or should I
just do that bit so the less is what's
going to be near as a table and a camera
for tech flow videos with a light-up
tech flow sign on the wall that business
would be the pretty bitch get what I
mean
I don't really give in but this office
is far too hot that's far too much I'm
just I'm literally like my shirt is
where I pies are about 50 emails got
about 150 months ago growing the aircon
unit and finish them off sometime
tomorrow it's been 27 degrees here in
the UK today not sunny but just 27
degrees really humid really sweaty
Peter's here so an hour and a half later
to Domino's pizzas consumed that's my
one Toby's already put it in the bin
you gave the league a catch-up with Toby
that was a good evening
Toby's now in the spare room off to
sleep amazed while try and finish
today's video in this little room
sinners refocused on it so much today
but look how much cleaner that looks I
mean I didn't really highlight how bad
this looked beforehand but it was awful
and now everything is so much cleaner
Brown the essay which my god it needs a
clean as I said I don't need that money
phone so I'm going to try organize a
giveaway for you guys anyway guys I'm
going to end today's video here guys
stay awesome
keep smiling click here if you missed
yesterday's vlog and here if you new to
subscribe adios
