trying to get home on the tube but they
shut the tube down because there's a
load of police and they're escorting a
guy so I can't get home English is
holding him there I'm counting two six
seven officers the world is a scary
scary place at the moment
so what Gladiator sponsored a tech flow
video because I asked them to and I
think can you send out one of your
pre-built computers so I can do the
pre-built computer experience what is it
like to buy a pre-built computer and are
they any good
turns out they're amazing imagine the
process of trying to plan Jake
Mitchell's
gaming setup so if you guys can put some
stuff in the comments down below that
you think I should be including in
another youtubers setup something that I
might men ie if the youtubers setup that
I'm doing want to livestream should I
include a capture card does a youtuber
need dual monitors what do I need to do
just so I don't miss anything because
I'm going to propose to gladiators I
keep your PC and give it to Jake for his
setup because I think it'll be more than
adequate and it sees all this stuff out
before the carpet man comes later this
week good old carpet man I can't do that
now though because today is Tuesday the
28th Q's day today we go back to a
normal work week I bought this little TC
down because this is a PC I eventually
want to use a little mini PC for the for
the back setup at home but for now I've
got a quick meeting the other side of
town
did I say other side of the town a man
halfway down the country
upward out the country come grandeur hot
beer put my shorts on now I was kind of
a little bit scared leaving the house in
short something is that where I live in
in Nottingham it wasn't as hot as it is
here here it's like falsi here we are
I'm in London navigating through these
busy streets as usual carrying a
ridiculously oversized skateboard I've
had my meeting this morning over some
food that when that went really well and
now I did just come all the way down to
London for that little little meeting
I've been invited somewhere things
that's going to be kind of cool this
afternoon and I want to bring you guys
with we families in here so it's in this
area right now it's close be Matata
working I'm not very sure what's going
on but it's a wonderful event
I'm a little bit late and I've been told
on the doors also lots I think I'm a
little bit too late sighing what do you
think it's they found importance then
what is as usual a copy by to this thing
super Wiseman and in the live stream
that's been on this TV right here in
this room is just full of people like
people in the know like tech reviewers
most of like people my digital revenue
we're here for example Thor now walks
out into this room where everybody is
now having drinks for pretty much it
with the oneplus finally going I'm just
excited because I think I'm going to get
the phone myself today and it's not even
out yet so that's what I'm excited for
ok I think I'll pick up a phone and
around here is my name um Alex broke
soul of text slow
brother one plus five so just finish the
1 plus event and coming down here here's
the monster my name and this gon more
actual name right
she's the news lady she's done in that
newspapers so if you ever want to get a
newspaper then where are we right now
I don't know London see the whole fun
there you go come here govern newspaper
and off you go
right back where I started the blog I am
now a proud owner well I say proud
nobody know I'm tested it out yet of the
1+5 this thing isn't even out yet like
youkai even buy it you can pre-order it
but no one has this yet am I allowed to
I'm sure I'm allowed to show you guys
anyway so this is the one plus five the
one plus five right and it's got this
case which they gave me to protect it
but I'm going to take it off so this is
mine now which is awesome let me show
you something which one's the iPhone now
money G that's it right next to my
iPhone 7 plus and that is it next to my
Google pixel I would put it next to my
essay but I have no idea when my essay
is I've kind of lost it sore so proud
owner I thought it would be a proud
owner of this phone just yet so why
don't we find out
perfect timing to test out a camera so
there is my civic coming to test out a
camera is because well the 1+5 phone
that just came out a big deal about it
was how good the camera was and I'm a
camera freak and I know a lot of you
guys are so I thought what we do is
compare it to my flagship growing the
phone that I use my daily driver the
iPhone 7 plus which takes some fairly
remarkable photos is itself I'll even
throw the pixel in there too and as
always you guys decide let's get the
phone out and test out the front
vlogging features so this is the iPhone
7 plus front facing camera take a note
on an electric skateboard right now so
note the audio quality and the visual
quality of the front camera on the
iPhone 7 plus same thing but now on the
1 plus 5 this is the front facing camera
that we're taking it out okay well the
audio quality and I think we're in 1080p
on this camera back on my vlogging
camera now here's a photo from the 1 + 5
now cropped in here's the photo from the
iPhone 7 plus now cropped in and here's
a photo from the Google pixel now
cropped in let me know your honest
thoughts in the comment section down
below about the 1 plus 5 and if you
think the camera on it is any good so
that's the one plus you guys will hear
more from me about that honest text flow
video I'm going to take this home for
these setups in the bathroom and then
we'll go from that
wake up earlier go to sleep earlier eat
more run more drink more water
and make good breakfast eating better
and making good breakfast has been
nailed just now I'm going to make some
banana and berry fruit smoothies for
breakfast tomorrow morning the plan with
this mini PC here because at the moment
as it's done I'm using this laptop down
here to run that pee hood and it's just
that down there and looks unprofessional
so what I was going to do with route the
cable from that TV up there over the
door frame and then get this little mini
PC and just sort of stick it in there
like that and then that can just run
that can just run the TV in there but
then I can also plug into my amplifier
and use it as a media streaming PC for
the TV in the actual room on the wall
hey Alex I just wanted to write for you
and say how much I'm inspired by you
I've been watching since January of 2016
I enjoy watching all of your videos and
I'm also part of the hashtag snapchat
squad on your daily vlogs Matthew thank
you so much Matthew's also made me some
awesome stickers is a big one and a
small one and then he's done some some
tech slow ones dude I can't draw to save
my life as I said numerous times on the
vlog whilst I'm thanking Matthew I also
want to go ahead and thank one-plus for
inviting me down to that event today and
of course for giving me a free one plus
five brand new before it's out I really
appreciate it I'm going to try do a
giveaway for one of those if that's what
you guys want guys remember go to bed
earlier wake up earlier keep smiling
drink water
eat healthy and make good breakfast guys
I'll see you in tomorrow's vlog click
here for yesterday's here to subscribe
see you in tomorrow's on audio
