what was it you wanted to try across
there that was an interesting business
meeting at 10:30 a.m. on Monday morning
welcome to the vlog good morning guys
how are y'all doing my name is of course
I hope you don't mind this is going to
be shot the whole day I can't vlog
because it's too hot so the only way to
get around it is to have this fan
strapped to the how many joking bottle
as a joke I was a terrible joke so I
don't know if you guys are aware but if
you live in the UK I'm sure you are
aware home belong to all of us UK folks
we've been hit with a heat wave for the
next couple of weeks we're having a
massive heat wave right it won't sound
that mental if I tell you the spec the
specs being is going to be about 30
degrees all week here in the UK which if
you're not from here that's a lot for
the UK but you see the thing is 30
degrees doesn't sound that high and if
it was if I was in Spain and it was 30
degrees or in LA was 30 degrees I was
absolutely fine out by the pool as in
seungkwan one I was chilling it was
bearable 30 degrees in the UK that's a
different story because the humidity
here in the UK is so high it can be 30
degrees here in 30 degrees elsewhere in
the world but in the UK is going to feel
much hotter because it's so much more
humid me just sat here talking I'm
getting a sweat on plus the fact that
well this room right here radiates heat
flash you around this time about the end
of June I did a video called why would
anybody spend this much money right and
I got an amazing deal on this Dyson fan
the reason I picked it up was because I
did get an amazing deal on it I got it
for half
price I've always wanted to do what I
think I'm going to do today I'm going to
go buy something I'm going to test it
out and I'm going to tell you guys my
honest opinion as to whether they work
or not I'm literally sweating but first
I need to nip over to the office
surprises love you Lucas oh my god
quickly nip into the office this
afternoon and cut a card on there this
is a mr. d pd delivery i don't know how
to miss think it was the monitor to
complete this setup I don't know this
love I've got a line of reschedule it to
come tomorrow so hopefully we'll find
out there another question you guys
rescuing with Alex if you got any work
on as you come back you know when you
get back from LA or mine have you got
any client work to do any network
installs doing any promotional videos I
kept my wings fairly quiet for the week
that came back because the new oblique
super jet lives and managed to get up
super early this morning so I'm dying
today but it's working so I don't have
much work on this week I do have a job
that I need to do but I don't have a
tall enough ladder to do it so I'm kind
of delaying it
I do a simple little bit of drilling and
I've got sweat running down my nose
it's absolutely wicked no tables doing
an absolutely perfect job of routing
those cables under the net will come out
there under a nice little hole what I'll
do is I'll do some cable management to
the back of the desk for now though I'm
just going to plug them in and see if
they light up because well it looks even
more special when there's no cables and
no wires running to an RGB keyboard and
mouse oh that is absolutely wicked
happy with that guys over there I think
it's going to turn out what the monitor
arrived because turned out really really
really awesome
as you can see everywhere I go I just
got sweat driven from my head I'm not
lying to you guys it is ridiculously hot
or uncomfortably hot especially in this
room right here not necessarily whole
office but this room right here because
it's the Attic of the office the Sun
hits the roof so he comes in here and
doesn't get let out so it's just extra
extra hot in here and don't even get me
started about going up there I then even
step foot in that room that room as you
know when you've left the car in the Sun
for about two hours and then you go in
the car that's what that room is like I
think it's time to go do something about
but for now that is exactly how I need
it to the monitor to arrive good job
team that is a prime demonstration of
how hot it is that guy walking just
there so here we go this is it I'm doing
this purely to prove a point to myself
okay goodbye they don't have what I was
looking for in there so I'm going to
have to improvise with this that will be
behind the desk for ya
riot pressures will come to click and
Collect thank you my appreciate it yeah
okay legend cheers mate thank you but I
didn't have one in stock what I'm trying
to prove myself a point today by going
to buy something so I've reserved one
are being queue that's about 30 miles
away so let's go
so work I'm going to be bringing it back
I liked Alex by the Dyson Airblade it's
worth it no it's not
oh right there we go this may be the
remanence tolls my problems a wind down
to B&Q with the main reason that goes to
queries is because I know the guys there
so they give me like a really really
really good discount between me and you
they're the people that gave me 50% off
that fan they also gave me a hefty chunk
off of things but then they didn't even
have it in stock since 70,000 being
Humana jh2 blag the same the same
percentage off so I got this not for
Half Price just under heart price and
just to let you know it still works out
cheaper than what I pay for this I've
got the pipe out the window let's turn
it on oh right okay and now I'm going to
bit over the top with it but I really
want to see if these indoor air con
units actually work by the way I have to
take my top off tell us what into much
whilst I was installing it so that's the
downside right I'm going to come back in
this room in 10 minutes
and see if it's cooler wash the car
okay okay I can confirm one thing this
bad boy it works you guys have got an
office or a room to cool don't ever buy
one of these don't waste your money buy
one of these or just a normal fan moral
of the story just don't buy this verse
you got a date this evening with Maria
I'm not child to see her since have been
to LA I saw Bruce Lee the night I came
back we haven't spent much time together
because of my jet lag so we stopping
together tonight and we're going for a
quick date this evening and hopefully we
can come back to an air-conditioned room
to get what I'm saying
uh I'll see you in the air
Oh
my gosh
very sweet guys meal finished up with
more Asians upstairs we fell asleep for
like an hour and a half not sure why she
did because I think I did because of my
jet lag and she doesn't have jet lag so
I'm sure what that's about
anyway guys that you've enjoyed today's
vlog I've loved putting it together to
you guys it's been absolutely awesome I
will get some fun out out from under the
bed and show it like I do at the end of
every video but Marie's asleep or about
to sleep on my bed so I can't lift it up
- you get the point anyway guys might as
well as you guys win or some guys stay
awesome and remember keep smiling click
hey of yesterday's video hit subscribe
and I'll catch you in tomorrow's one
healthy place is a dia
Oh
