morning guys how we livin my name is Wu
that was scary
my name guys is of course Alexander oh
okay it's very very very wet on the
floor even though it's not raining in
this thing is sliding everywhere
guys I've just quickly nipped to the
shops to get some bulbs because I'm
doing a project this afternoon and I'm
pretty sure you guys are going to
absolutely love it and I love absolutely
love doing last-minute projects
cheering guys just arrived home before I
go ahead and do this project with these
new lights though I've got a little
something that kind of wanted to show
you this is really important to me so
book these bulbs for one side for now
and we'll do that later but I received a
package this morning which is this and I
want to go ahead and unbox it so guys if
you guys will be excited as I am about
this when you want me because I know
exactly what this is this is something
that I ordered on eBay and I'm actually
I'm actually really looking forward to
checking oh wow that's sick they're
really really cool so guys this is gonna
be different for you guys that live over
in America but in the UK our number
plates look like this and this is my
private plate but as you can see Alex
you probably thinking that says DLL AOB
now DLL of good DLL is the clan name and
AOB is my actual initials Alex Oliver
Brooks and you think in who's in the
clan well the clone is pretty cool it
has two members in it and well actually
unfortunately I'm the only member that
said alive which is a shame but it's a
legacy so it was my grundle and either
were in the clan he had dll pgb Peter
George Brooks and I have dll AOB Alex
Oliver Brooks now for the keen eyes of
you probably thinking oh X you've had
this plate on your car for ages and
world
but as you can see these number plates
here they're already on my car
I just standard boring number plates
with the place of where I bought this
car from and I don't want that I want
some really cool reflective number
plates that are actually embossed look
at how the lettering comes off the
plates that's gonna look so sick so guys
I actually got these done on eBay I'll
put a link to the eBay listing in the
description if you own a car and you
want to do this yourself these are
really cool and I think people will
really notice the difference one for the
back and one for the front
guys I don't know if that shows up on
the vlog but in real life these look
absolutely amazing compared to these old
boring ones you can really actually see
the emboss coming off them it looks
really really cool
impressed with those new plates on the
car as I say guys I'll drop the eBay
link down in the description but if
you're watching this in like maybe a
couple of weeks time that link may have
depleted and killed itself so it may not
work but for those of you watching now
the links down there so you guys saw me
going to the shop earlier to pick up
some LED bulbs and I told you that I
have a project that I wanted to take
this afternoon and for that well
assistant Luke join me while I was out
there getting those drone shots and he's
been hard at work for the past half an
hour but so have i I've been outside in
the garden installing some little
spotlights all around the exterior of
the garden and what I want to do is
create the smart garden the smartest
garden as to where I've got the quiet
about this because if it doesn't work
I'm gonna look like an idiot where I can
say Alexa turn on the garden lights and
the whole garden
so essentially guys I'm going to talk
you through how we're doing this in a
seconds if you want to go ahead and do
it you can do but I've got me quiet
because I want to surprise the people
that live here ie my father when he
comes back from work later but
essentially before we had this really
weird timer system and it just never
really worked like some days the lights
are be on some days the lights would be
off we had an electrician round I even
had Jordan round trying to fix it he
installed a photocell which turns the
lights on when it gets dark
automatically that broke so it's time to
make this thing smart many deep deck
sleep tale okay so you guys about three
hours later Luke and I have finished and
you probably can I'll expose it taking
you three and a half hours to do well
let me show you and let me preface you
book will you seatbelts in because this
is gonna absolutely blow you away feel
free to copy me on this if you can do
the same so as it already explained we
had a timer system here this black cable
went to all of the outside lights the
timer system broke Jordan came to fix it
he fixed it and it worked for a month
and then it broke again
so I'd had enough of messing about so
had Luke around and he knows a thing or
two about all of this stuff and what
he's done is this is the feed in and
he's wired into a one gang socket which
is then well it's just a normal plug
socket and then it has a tp-link smart
plug on it and that tp-link is all the
smart features that lets you control it
via alexa and via your phone and we'll
show you that in a second because it's
really really cool and then what Luke's
done is he's wired a plug here a short
little cable into this fuse spur unit
which gives you a switch to turn it on
or off and then out the power goes
through this black cable to all of the
outside lights and then we have some
really rubbish outside lights around
this house a Luke and I and we scrapped
all of those and we installed some
spotlights let me show you how this
works
we've also added by the way for your
electronic nerds out there an RCD
protection system so this is all 100%
safe so guys essentially what I'm gonna
do is pull my phone out my pocket right
now and I'm gonna go on to the tp-link
casa application then oh you go ahead
and do is you click the on button and on
come all of the lights press it again
turns them off
press it again turns them all on it even
does the lights either side of the gates
wicked so Luke has got a really
high-powered light to light me up right
now and I want to explain to you guys
that well I'm gonna 4G right now doing
this so I could be absolutely anywhere
yes we could have put a normal time of
icon and had them come on when it gets
dark
but I want to be the other side of the
world and turn on my garden lights you
can also set schedules on this thing -
seven - come on at five o'clock and go
off at midnight and there's even guys
spotlights in the back of the garden so
if Luke turns off his light light and I
click this little button right here bang
on come the lights in the back garden
and off again insane so guys these are
the old garden lights Alexa and smart
enabling the entire garden light system
cuz I guarantee nobody else has
automated garden because it's easy
enough getting a smart bulb or a smart
plug and putting it inside but doing it
for the garden is a totally different
story we've always got to be that one
step ahead
really really really magical all the
lights so you guys can see Alexa turn
off Aurora okay turn on the garden
lights guys that's mental you know I
think Alexa turn on Alex's room
this is sick so guys after some hard
work today you know I'd really love
cheeky little dominoes have not one of
these in ages sweet then guys I'm gonna
go ednan today's daily vlog here I
really do hope you have enjoyed it one
last time
Alexa turn off the garden lights sick
guys if you have enjoyed today's daily
vlog I'd really appreciate it if you
could drop me a like rating you thought
what I've done in the garden it was
really cool I think it's just something
different
anyway guys - but no likes you guys have
been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling and I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's daily vlog adios
