some day today but suddenly ain't any
time for stopping let's crack on and do
this thing this summer is going to be
insane I'll explain why later in the
video
well here we are is great things only
happen and I apologize for being the
boring one but great things only happen
with great organization
there we are back in the office on
Sunday exactly where I want to be
someone asked me on Twitter earlier they
said Alex I want to get into vlogging
you've inspired me to start vlogging I
really want to start doing it and they
just simply said have you got any
pointers that you could give me on
Twitter and I said yeah of course man
why I said to him was just vlog what do
you like to do blog what you find
interesting just be you and blog what
you want to vlog and I said to me though
technology and words that I want
primarily I vlog on this YouTube channel
and that is how I do it so we don't want
it to anybody starting vlogging get rid
of the story side of it just for what
you want to vlog right off it's on a
Sunday I then even open my emails I
think I'm going to double with that
tomorrow I'm going to have literally
thousands because I didn't do any work
emails whilst I was in LA but I'll come
to the office for one reason today and
that reason being I'm going to start on
this day you people are out the loop you
probably go everything else you've got a
whole lot of rog republic of gamers gear
and why have you got all of this gear
let me explain but first of you probably
say an Alec you had a editing desk in
editing PC we've had a curb monitor
organ keyboard awesome computer awesome
Mouse why are you redoing it in the
first place so let me give you some
context this desk was the editing day my
friend Jed used to sit here and edit a
lot of the textile videos before I
stripped it down to pieces and if I had
any client videos or wedding cubes or
any promotional videos that I was trying
to edit out come and I'll sit there and
do them on the editing day so he my desk
primarily either for gaming or doing my
email this was just for editing and
whilst the whole setup was absolutely
fine it has one drawback so when you
finish your project in your editor and
it was looking all good and it came time
to render it out and you click render it
would take days absolutely day to render
anything just to give you guys some
context what we used to do because it
used to take so long to render
everything out we put everything on a
hard drive installed it all on this
computer and then rendered the same
files out on this computer it took 10
minutes replace the graphics curb
place the CPU we installed more RAM it
made no difference
yeah I'm just as baffled as you guys are
and Jed and I were getting sick and
tired of having to edit on here and then
move everything over to here just to
render it out I said right I'm going to
redo it and I have plans to build a PC
but then one evening in the back I had
an awesome idea I thought to myself what
have I never seen in a setting perform
what have I never seen anybody do before
and then the idea click wife I build a
set up with all of the part keyboard
mouse computer mouse mat monitor
everything else head set all from the
same manufacturer and I decided to go
with a sis's rog republic of gamers line
so the keyboard has got the rog claim
owner this is my favorite keyboard right
next to the Corsair rapid fire I've got
the Corsair rapid fire Edition at home
and then here at my desk in the office
I've actually got the Claymore so we're
going to have to clean walls in the
office don't come through the dog sit
might blow you up and then I've never
knew this before this is the ROG PG o PG
I am whatever it is it's absolutely
awesome with its RGB lighting but the
stealth extended mouse mat and again the
gr x2 mini gaming PC this should be more
than powerful enough now with a few
models of this PC I've got the email
from ROG and has said to me the one
that's inside of here is a top spec one
that means core i7 770 it means a
geforce gtx 1060 with three gig gddr5
vram means we've got 32 gigs of DDR for
RAM on the actual motherboard itself got
a 512 gigabyte SSD in there to the OS
and then a one terabyte stay to drive
for all of the editing in still got
wireless AC but that doesn't really
matter because I'm going to be ether
nesting it anyway and I don't know why
doesn't say on the box that the PC
itself actually has or a sync on it
there's a light thing around the PC yes
the PC has lights on it it will sync up
with the mouse and keyboard and all
sitting together
the one thing I'm missing is the monitor
hopefully overtaking delivery for that
soon but for now let's start this thing
shall we
we're gonna clean the desk down put the
extended mouse mat on and well put the
keyboard down and the mouse down
obviously before we had a wireless
keyboard a mouse by Logitech to get this
to work obviously wide is always betting
you're always going to get better
performance I'm gonna have to put a
little hole in this mouse mat and a
little hole under the table then what I
can do is route this the cables for this
underneath the keyboard so there's no
cable going down there and looking
horrible or to speak is the concerned I
think I'm going to get rid of those
because I really am going for here the
forum
ROG setup I want everything on this desk
to be by ROG obviously other than things
like the lamp and the USB extender
because I don't think ROG do a USB
extender they also don't do speakers but
I've gotta draw the line somewhere
we under that the sweat dripping off my
forehead that is me done for today
I don't mind you always me - next time I
bring my drill to the office I'll get
these cables sorted and then sort out
plugging the rest of everything in but
now I just need to wait on the monitor I
want you guys to get involved won't you
guys let me know if you think that we
should have the PC down there or get rid
of the speaker's which I'm going to do
anyway and have the PC up on the debt
when it see what it looks like wait a
minute happen a big deal about this it's
a PC actually have livest on it so I've
been the best up plug it in and see what
the lights actually look like and then
we can make the decision as to whether
we put on the desk or not right I don't
know how good the lights are going to be
so okay but it's cool that is wicked
okay I think it needs to go on the desk
like that ah look at that man that was
insane I might have another keyboard in
the mouth and it's all insane okay this
is going to be wicked
oh we go guys this what happens when you
put your mind to things and have an idea
and actually make things happen as I
told you guys I had this idea whilst I
was in in the back you know everybody
does the miles from us set up but I was
the first side to do the mile to myself
but now when everybody's in successive
video the call it miles must set off and
I'm like really privileged to have that
title so I thought what hasn't anybody
else done and I thought wow this is a a
system using all the products like mouse
keyboard computer all the peripherals
from the same manufacturer using ROG in
this case who's going to be absolutely
awesome when we're going and as always
if you guys have any tips or you think
we could do anything better to this oh
you have anything you want to throw
forward throw it to me on Twitter or put
it in the comment section down below and
if you see a good idea in the comment
section down below be sure to give it a
thumbs up so I'll see what some does the
Sun is setting which doesn't really mean
anything to me because my sleep schedule
is still messed up but I'm going to go
back because making setups on a Sunday
in zippy it gets you kind of hungry
twenty-eight degrees all day today so
while this is cooking on here guys check
out the sunset that's right above me
right now
okay this is sick actually I've never
done like a proper Instagram lies before
here we go we're on Instagram live right
now I mean it's a munch got some tunes
on we're chilling in the garden there we
go a ball is back with me because well
I'm going to a really cool idea to keep
it in here and then connect it up to the
computer that is out of that this
computer this screw here that when you
were here you can literally fuse this
mouse and it'll be on the computer
as always guys I'm going to end today's
video with a bit of fan love that fun
appreciation for you guys by opening
something from the Pierre box because
when I send some things there it is and
it's also in the description of each
video I hope you love this drawing Alex
I don't usually draw I tried and it
turned out better than I expected
dude that is absolutely awesome I could
not draw like that I wrote this before
your Pierre box opened and I really hope
that it can be on your wall
dude this is definitely going on the new
wall in the office quick sighs no Harris
the guys that drew this put his facebook
on the back so I'm just going onto
Facebook just a message and let him know
that I really appreciate it
is replied and he's well they said is
really really happy that I've got it a
little bit more than yeah so Harris
thank you for that in the office along
with everything else but guys for now
thank you so much for all the support
click here for yesterday's video click
here to subscribe and I'll see you in
tomorrow's vlog hope you all are I keep
smiling ah da
