I didn't realize checkout is literally
in five minutes one last little scout
around I don't think I have forgotten
anything at least we're all good nothing
down there nothing in the bathroom no
nothing in the lounge
nothing down the back nothing left on
charge room key one two three bags one
board hotel room it's been lovely I've
really appreciated this I'm now seven
minutes late to check out
just my last step today in LA I'm
leaving about 6 p.m. this evening but
right now I've got a meeting the other
side of town so I'm really unsure as to
house managed to bag myself a business
meeting whilst I'm here in LA but hub
and it's with a company called keep
liqui tea they make networking gear and
I absolutely love their gear I've used
them numerous times in my videos in the
past not sponsored whatsoever I
genuinely love these guys product and
they noticed that I was in LA and is
that Alex you want to come down to our
HQ so I said yeah a genuinely riding
this electric skateboarding holding our
gorilla pod and talking to a camera I
just feel like a baby came tonight now
right now like whole scenery the sky is
absolutely
hello
amazing meeting this morning with
ubiquity I'm here doing a lot of
projects with them in the up-and-coming
future got back to my hotel and there's
a load of music coming from the pool I
think there's a pool by going on it's my
last day in LA I may as all joy
la it's been awesome thank you so much -
yeah forget it thank you welcome my
pleasure
arrived at the airport all checked in
and now it's got a 10-hour flight home
right over to your right thank you very
much Roger ten hours on the plane now I
arrived back into London around 4:00
p.m. tomorrow much I'm going to do this
in terms of videos because this times
owners really mess this up in a month
please canal but I'm happy because I'm
going home and I can't wait to get home
right back in England it's legitimately
hotter than it was in LA though too hard
after this off till I'm waiting on one
last piece of luggage and then I can go
right through to one first issue on the
train today was the last expected to
happen lady on the train I made it to
the train I'm pregnant girl apart
I'm doing this can't believe it
I'm not going to book a taxi let's do it
the battery died
it into a stir I know the store manager
here so I'm going to put on charge for
ten minutes and see if I can people can
make it home about any keys onyx Olcott
even stop up at the office
Oh termination we will do this so a
little bit of Ribena oh and just just
get yourself a co-op choir after yeah
last way it's my board to charge up I'm
going to buy this but I've also been
wandering around and realized and
remember this actually Father's Day
tomorrow and I haven't got much out of
anything but a card I've already got in
the card but obviously I've been in LA
the last weeks it's been difficult to
try and organize something so what I
think I'm going to do tomorrow is on the
ultimate Father's Day guide and just buy
your dad everything a dad needs why not
I'll put a show on for him spell his
name out in candle buy all the things
that I think a dad meaning right it's
been about 10 minutes hopefully the
board has got some juice hello hello I
have forgot no one lives as many more
turn on the light I was riding home and
I forgot we unbox all this stuff air
rush I wish I'd left it now
right your wish is my command I totally
forgot the week I totally forgot that we
unboxed all of this stuff we've got the
new ROG gear we've got this new PC which
corrode you they actually emailed me and
they were like hey Alex thanks for
unboxing this stuff yeah this is
actually the highest spec gr8 number 2
there is I 7 in it I believe not sure on
the GPU but I think it's got 32 gigs of
RAM up it's a beast all the boxes down
there oh your guys fun I was doing the
desk that I need to take to the oven I
promised my computer on because I caught
the babysitter taking photos of my stuff
on the camera but that is absolutely
sweet that we've got all of this what
wasn't that what is this little box okay
so that's a power but for all of that
now I'm going to go ahead and unpack all
of this guys ah look at all the stuff
I've also got this okay this has got my
gaming laptop in it and the Xbox I
brought for live-streaming even though
any major like livestream one so this is
going to go here is love the Xbox one
which I bought the live streaming I only
make livestream want to that and this
laptop are both going to go back in what
the hell whoa the only thing keeping it
attached is well that went in strained
from a motherboard to turn the computer
on with a little button I hope doesn't
bend the motherboard pins what the hell
is my phone so the screw fell out there
where is it then do when I put that
little bracket in there actually used a
bigger one I've issues like a tiny
little bracket to keep the held onto the
wall I'm such an idiot
I'm gonna go buy a bigger bracket for
that tomorrow I'm sorry guys I need to
sort this out like now and I'll do it
I'm just going to do a time-lapse of me
putting this back together I'm not even
sure this computers going to work I was
on the floor from up here it's just it's
just gone black and the keyboard went
off and now ok mouse mouse keyboards
back on getting windows ready don't turn
off your computer
oh my there's an update there was an
update okay fingers crossed the hell man
what the hell man though what the hell
what the actual hell how does that
happen like whilst I'm away please
yes okay it will
I have absolutely zero idea how that
happened I'm just happy that it all
seems to be working because I've got a
new very expensive PC arriving soon it's
going to be sitting in the same place
I'm almost lucky that we didn't get the
new PC sooner because it could have
broken it right guys I'm going to go
ahead and unpack everything and put all
this stuff back in its box you take the
up to the office all of the editing
stuff all but on the plane journey for
10 hours and I'm absolutely dying guys I
love your faces as always thank you so
much for all the support that you leave
on the videos and on Twitter and I
didn't do a blog yesterday I was
traveling and everybody was like yo Alex
why have you done a blog well as always
I just like to thank you guys for all
the supporting your leave and all that
you know support that you gave me it
really just does mean the world so thank
you from the bottom bottom of my heart
oh yeah I don't have Ethernet the
ethernet cable suppose I'll just be
connecting by Wi-Fi for now I know guys
my name's not like you guys with Ulsan
guys sails and keeps smiling even when
bad things happen keep smiling I'll
catch you guys in tomorrow so I'll cook
here for yesterday click here subscribe
oh yes
well
