how the brilliant day
look at that sky out there man just look
at that sky the sky has been like that
in LA pretty much all week can i
absolutely love it I love the vibe that
Sun gives you it's such a good
fulfilling vibe it changes the way that
you speak to yourself and the way that
you speak to yourself is the most
important thing right now it's the right
cat man you're in the right place I'm
not a good copy in a juicer from this
coffee shop wish the angel coffee house
owner back in Lincoln recommended me
absolutely
so here we go guys this is a no
monumental moment for all of us is not
just to me right welcome to Venice Beach
guys I reckon I display so much of just
other people's YouTube videos good thing
that right there is a very very very
famous gay part my go see if I can
record a little video by making friends
with some of the skaters I haven't
recorded escape video and some while so
let us see what academic
ha ha ha
yeah
that is absolutely wicked the spectacled
vending machines here Oh My look at that
all of them so there we go that has been
my day at Santa Monica beach I've sat
here
all day I've kind of taken a little bit
of a day off but no work to do all day
today so I'll start here videoing
skateboarders pre inspiring myself to
some cinematography stuff and I love
like reinstalling yourself getting up
and going and do something making
awesome friends in the process today's
in so fun you guys know I've got a
massive passion cinematography and
hanging out at the skate park today it's
been absolutely wicked this just isn't
going to go well at all
I've been hanging around with these guys
all day absolutely awesome laughs a lot
of the martial YouTube himself a lot
bigger than me man will be wicked yeah
I'm black me man
so the hell is happening that login brah
very much oh now I can officially say
that I've risen the booster board down
here with all the stars on it and it's a
bit wet are there some there we go dude
totally you have a free meal see the
thing guys has been absolutely awesome
as you can feel for the whole day on the
beach with my other YouTube friends and
I've got a little bit of a burnt red
nose and then hung out with so many
other youtubers there unlike the sort of
same mission as I am at the same time
we're just the whole day just chatting
about YouTube and it was so fun on the
beach in our abundance of skateboards of
anyway I didn't do much vlogging so what
I thought of series actually answered
and I never ever do this and I need to
do it more answer some questions on my
hashtag ask Mars ma RZ aham arz twitter
hashtag on twitter handle is is so long
I don't even isn't going to be any
question he says has tried to ask Mars
over any bad part about being a youtuber
smiley face I think the worst thing
about being a youtuber and take it with
a grain of salt but the worst thing
about being a youtuber is that everybody
can see your mistakes no matter how big
or small they are and sometimes even if
it's a small little mistake like if I
mispronounce something or say something
wrong or a youtuber does something just
a slight little bit wrong the whole
comment section is full of it at
multiple gaming hashtag ask miles how
does it feel knowing you inspired
thousands of people it feels absolutely
incredible I don't know how I'm doing
this I'm just all about learning from
mistakes and bettering myself trying to
see the positive light in every single
situation that life throws at you and
just go from there and I think that is
the best way to live life I always said
the most important person you can talk
to is yourself and the way you do that
changes you from being a negative person
to a really positive person just by the
way that you speak to yourself
I'm Volvo gaming hashtag after Mars do
you want to move and if you do tell us
please and if you don't or do tell us
what
place you like or want to move that was
a tongue twister one currently 19 years
old right now and yes I am always
looking for places to move to out of my
dad's house so you don't know I only
live with my dad at the moment and have
done for well pretty much all of my life
my mom and dad are split up in my head
I'm not 100% oh I want to move out as
soon as I can but I'm always looking for
different properties and I'm just on the
Browse really and if something really
cool comes up then I may consider it
almost let us pick you guys around it if
I was to go and look at a new place I
would definitely make sure I blog that
because it would be the place where I do
all my videos no I mean if you guys
aren't okay with it then I am definitely
not going to be okay with it so that
would be a definitely a you know a
family thing that those guys can do
together as a family
are awesome images on screen of some
places I've been looking at recently but
with John Tenney question yes I would
definitely move out if the opportunity
and right place came to be I'm looking
at the moment for a flatte not a house I
want a really cool swanky flat that up
guys can let's check out with a load of
tech so this monster is my final day in
LA
pretty much tidied everything up I've
just left all of this mess out here in
case I want to do a stream tomorrow
afternoon for you guys going so I'm
going to cook this vlog short here I'm
going to leave you to it I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's well we're traveling
back to the UK my name's ben alex the
red-nosed youtuber click here for
yesterday's video here to subscribe and
obviously I'll see you in tomorrow as
one Olivia faces had yet
