good morning LA voting guys how we all
doing my name is of course Alex welcome
back to another daily vlog the grind
never stopped I went to the hotel's gym
this morning gonna check it at a workout
feeling pumped ready for the day Georgia
said he wants to meet me down in the
hotel lobby in the lobby and he's not
here area is I found him I'm tempted to
pawn this off you know why I caught him
I just stood on end fellow like I
literally got on it and fellow so got
the kids out this morning George is over
there a little bit of a newbie
skateboarding session trying to help
George out learn how to ride a
skateboard let's see if we can go and
find it now you finding it the George
has never ridden a skateboard before
never mind an actual electronic
skateboard so trying to get him a little
bit used to it
and your laws
things like this that make me genuinely
love what I do that I can come to places
like this video and show you guys this
is just amazing I don't know what I'm
trying to say to everybody but it's just
I don't know I just feel so good right
now it's just absolutely gorgeous I've
got a load of questions saying Alex why
the hell did you buy a boosters ball
what are you doing well mainly because
this guy persuaded me to you it was this
guy's fault but also for him I would
have never bought one the second reason
is because you're never going to
experience a skateboard or Electric
skateboards on American roads anywhere
else in the world that these American
Road exactly you can't hear anything
you're gonna get that in America what I
mean is that you can jump on this right
and you can just go right then listen
for that noise is notable America is a
place to ride a skateboard hands down oh
I've lost George
okay let's click the Ferrari been around
family yeah we have a good you like LA
good yeah little good you're a great
program oh yeah
that is what you want after a hardcore
boosted boards - George tell everybody
what I said to you about mindset earlier
about how you were going to pack up
riding the board now like nah man
sorta mindset out yeah I'm sensitive on
this off you know why what's awesome I
just stood on in fellow focus
determination not giving up pretty much
what happened was I went outside my
hotel room early and I saw George sat
there it's boosted goodness I did why
you're not writing it is I don't want to
right now I'm not very good at it I was
like no dude you're in the wrong mindset
sorta months out you got on it and now
you're not even in beginner mode anymore
bro I'm actually not I'm you actually -
exactly
so we're going to go out on the runway
again in a bit focus determination not
giving up so I managed to film a text
flow video this morning so that's going
to go up on the channel the same evening
this vlog goes up actually lean out on
the boost it was about 4 to 5 minutes
with George and it lost two bars but no
three bars of batch we've got two bars
left to go to I'm sure got it on charge
today I'm having a bit of a chill day
the last few days have been active locks
the last few days have been absolutely
mulling with the release of the Xbox one
X and heading off to e3 and going to buy
these boards with George so today George
and I always said what we're going to do
is I'm going to train him up and try and
get him to use the booster ball properly
try and get up so you don't properly
ride it and get the confidence to and
I'm going to do is my time to get to
experience riding the board around the
LA Street before we head off somewhere
really awesome with them tomorrow
crow so I met back up with George he's
here we leave here a quick to break quit
dip in the pool now we're back on the
board for training session number two
with George thanks Don you try booster
balls your pull over
oh well you guys watch my videos yeah as
awesome I don't know how to write a ski
for at all
these guys are absolutely loving it
we're brothers and we love Mars Mars and
he just let us write as Bruce aborting
he's awesome
those guys are awesome I'll put their
instagrams in the description so this
Wednesday evening here in Los Angeles
xbox the final night with them really so
we're going up but a really really
nicely I mean really really nice okay
bro no man Alex yeah everybody else is
going out but I've had to come back so
well it's absolutely awesome meal with
Microsoft and the meal itself was
absolutely gorgeous but my experience at
the meal hasn't been the best as I sat
down I got a little bit of a headache so
I asked for some water had that water
then had another water then I had
another water and it was just getting
worse to the point where now I can't
even think properly to form a sentence
everybody was just about to order a
suite or a pudding and I was like I
can't even have that I'm just going to
go home after the pudding everybody was
going to go out for drinks and I've just
said are my head is just absolutely
pounding I think I've got a little bit
of sunstroke there what sunstroke is
it's when you spent too long in the Sun
a little bit worried because it can have
quite a bad effect with you throwing up
and being ill for a few days so at the
moment it's just a headache
I hope it stays like this I'm going to
be optimistic about it and hopefully
I'll feel better in the morning but I'm
going to get some sleep any of you guys
have had some stroke in the past please
let me know what is the best way to deal
with it so hopefully I'm alright
tomorrow on my brain is absolutely
pounding let me try an out show you this
thing guys my name's Ben I like you guys
have been awesome guys stay awesome keep
smiling and if you're ill like me be
optimistic to keep yesterday's blogs
allocators subscribe guys I'll see you
in tomorrow's vlog I love your faces
adios
