can't go wrong early morning in LA doing
a little bit of work got myself some
fruit eggs bacon and sausage
exactly right so I'm sat here with
George and we're on a little bit of a
mission good afternoon it's just turned
mid day so I almost say good morning
there how are you yeah very good thank
you
just a quick inquiry to see if you had
any boosted board v2s in stock right now
so guys the last time you saw me I was
down at the pool with George and we were
on the phone asking around for boosted
balls have actually secured right we've
actually found two shops that have got
two boosted balls in each so there's
enough booster balls would like reserve
them I'm clearly live-streaming right
now I can sneak off some zombies but the
chat going on my laptop she's absolutely
awesome I've got like 350 people in here
which is dick so hello to everybody
watching so after I stream for a little
bit George's by the pool we're going to
go pick up these boosted boards and just
and just have fun
in LA today we should have some fun in
LA let's do it right I'm going to stream
for 40 minutes and then we'll do this
thing so I'm going to get rid of that
beautiful on board so there we go live
stream over everything seemed to work
absolutely fine I was buzzed with her
like Mac speak 400 views absolutely
amazing George is here we're about to go
on a mission this one
thank you very much mayor get it sugar
so this is the shot right yeah we got a
couple this is the demo board if you
want to I've never been on one before
there there are a lot of one so that is
the demo boards they've got in the shop
and then I just do this one on
I've got no balance bro I've literally
got like no balance gonig on it so
you've never rode a skateboard before no
skateboard coughing let's get a copy and
get a copy
okay so George and I have secured the
boosted boards right and it was an even
better purchase and I've once would have
hoped because this is actually as you
can see a demo unit so I got a fair
chunk of money off it
you only get a little bit too excited
about your purchase me get you back
let's do thank you I'm not sure how I'm
going to get this thing home but it says
please keep this box of storage travel
and shipping and I'm also not sure if
I'm going to keep this board or sell it
when I get back to the UK if I sell it I
could probably get more than I bought
for it because they've got a huge
discount quit being a Democrat George is
just going to pay full price for you
don't you have on a pre-order they don't
you
somehow get all of this gear into III
and have a little wander around without
having to lug it around all day if we
can do this I'll be surprised
III here we come yeah this is III
managed to put the booster boards in the
check baggage area so at least we can
wonder III not holding any boxes I've
just managed to come out
III that event is kind of a little bit
of a disappointment there isn't really
much better than the new Call of Duty
with an hour's working time which I'm
not playing in hours to go play call of
duty
there's the Xbox booth which is
absolutely awesome and nothing that I
haven't already showed you guys in the
previous days now we understood that
we're privileged to have those
opportunities but and that there really
isn't anything else there so we're just
we're just going to have some food now
at the yard house right there already
all sat down over there right and I
think wait a minute first record is like
that I know
more lately
oh boy come on Sol in your beautiful I'm
sorry he put these people behind his
chair so I fell in behind me
I'm sorry sorry Roger are you ready I'm
ready
welcome to blogeee I'm ready question is
what shot you gonna go watch all my
gonna get is an interesting man I
thought about over here okay yes so I
actually have at home was called a slick
revolution board it's a uk-based company
and they make Electric skateboards much
like the boosted ball but everybody that
I've spoken to or I talk about a boosted
board it said that well these are bad
apparently the pennies at the box
caitli as well thank you for the M love
for the numerous inspirational things
you said about this board I I hope is
everything you say it is don't we I feel
like we're brothers opening presents on
Christmas morning this is brother Matt
this is actually the moment so when i
watch the video that created oh and he
was like never show his board and it is
so it is like what he said Katie's right
like you can bomb it
you must have a resinous cable before
honey never malai so put this thing in
what is called the full speed or high
speed mode from its regular mode I've
just been riding it in like whilst I've
been using it like inside and just
outside now the last five minutes
this thing is crazily dangerously fast
are you thinking I like it
so obviously you can feel free to call
me a big girl if you want big girl's
blouse but I wouldn't dare show you guys
what this thing is like in full speed
mode just because it's far too dangerous
and if I come up as a great man call a
nice not what I want wash them in LA I'm
a troll give you guys an example of its
speed in just one second
wait that is a quarter throttle right
I'm not even going to push it to half
because coming off at this speed
feel like I've had a successful little
test run of the booster board I'm going
to just leave it there that's going to
be rose amazing good really age myself
okay so a little bit more on e3 me and
George arrived quite late after picking
up the board and that we checked in was
all good quite happy that we went a
little bit later because apparently in
the morning other goodies that when told
us that the queue was really bad to get
the passes we got there there's
absolutely no queue off though I've
never been to an e3 event before but I
know a lot of people that have and spoke
to them today and they said that this
event this e3 and 2017 is the first
event where III are allowing members of
the public to come and these people are
all people that work with companies and
there was being quite sour about it they
were saying all the event is so much
better without members of the public
there I would say that that really
depends on what the event is about like
is the event public oriented or is the
event all about business and from today
it was just sort of like a I don't know
who's really cool those people playing
games like I think the public should be
going to things like however I do think
that if they are going to invite public
they probably needs to invest in a
little bit of a bigger space because my
one complaint is that that event is so
crowded
there we go this wraps up an absolutely
awesome day in LA checking out III has
been really really really really cool
even though I didn't really enjoy that
much because it was too busy having gone
for a run today I've let myself down
because I've been so busy but first
thing in the morning doesn't even get up
gonna run or I might even go to the gym
not sure guys anyway guys mine is nice
you guys been awesome guys stay awesome
and keep smiling
click happy yesterday's vlog click here
to subscribe and I'll see you in
tomorrow's one every face is a do
