the reason them under the rush is so mad
this morning is because I was up at 5:30
a.m. this time editing yesterday's vlog
got that uploaded and now it's 7:30
about to get on a bus and head to eat
the ring but I'm not just going to eat
reasonable person I've actually got some
backstage access to the new Xbox one
right because I've been working so hard
for you guys to put like 5:00 a.m. this
morning
editing blogs and stuff I haven't had
any chance to have any breakfast so
progress to III and having a sick day
and miss me a dipper to starboard can
try and get a little bit of breakfast
honestly guys of absolute little nerdy
rocker right now I feel just like so
privileged to be here in LA at the Xbox
one extra launch event right behind me
you can go and play those games they
give me a hard drives going how to load
a game for each I might make it takes
over D on it I don't know I'm just a
little bit I like the world is
overwhelmed all of it is just insane
check this out this is the X e K
Developer Kit Xbox one X
Xbox have given me like a hard drive
that I can plug into this Xbox and
record footage in like 4k
but I've finished playing ball so that
was awesome I just had a message from my
guys at Xbox saying that I get to go and
do a private hands-on with the Xbox one
heck this is going to be sick
I'm just following
understand guys that not many people are
going to get this opportunity what I'm
about to show you guys net for everybody
right now not many people are going as
opportunities but I am honestly super
super privileged and this is the back
end of the of the holy 3 hello hey doing
oh my god okay I'm freaking out this is
it this is genuinely it right let's take
a look so guys here we are in this
really awesome special booth with this
awesome Xbox branding like down there is
like the actual Expo going on and then
up here behind closed doors pretty much
is the Xbox one X right here and I was
telling you guys in yesterday's vlog
that didn't really say much about the
console at the actual launch event they
focused a lot on gaming which is
obviously a brilliant thing but I was
like intrigued as to what was going on
behind the console and I'm happy to say
that I've got one right here to check
out so let's have a look shall we let's
just dive into this new one is the Xbox
one X now a lot of people saying all the
design is quite boring personally I
absolutely love it because it starts all
the same as the matte black iPhone and I
absolutely love the matte black iPhone
you put it up against this and it just
looks like super super stealth pulls in
exactly the same place and they're
exactly the same like the exact same
layout so what you can actually do the
reason they've done it is so if you want
to upgrade this console or the Xbox 1s
the Xbox one everything is all there you
literally the ports in the exact same
place you just take out your HDMI and
your power you plug it into the new Xbox
one X you're good to go you can see
there we've got power HDMI in from your
satellite box HDMI out CTV to SuperSpeed
ports the IRL obviously optical audio
and Ethernet that is it on the back
absolutely brilliant there you go that
is it we've looked at the console that's
what's going on down there
that was amazing should i go how back
should I do it I'm not really allowed to
come out
look at the expo down there thanks again
for coming to e3 with Xbox you might
have heard their spots design lab
launched in the UK today which I'll
celebrate we've designed you a special
III additional app control and war guys
we can stream I bought my xbox all the
way here Bartlett got a controller
controller xbox thank you for the
control of that is all working
absolutely fine I've pretty much got all
my streams also got my head visited up
for in in a minute but I've got all my
stream set up I'm not using the old
Ganner I can't get this thing to work is
a little rubbish so what I'm doing is
I'm actually wirelessly casting the Xbox
to the computers this is over the Wi-Fi
and then I've got the webcam set up
their microphone their chair their TV
they're producing gaming on so hopefully
a couple nights this week being around 8
p.m. UK time somewhere around that
region I'm going to try to do some
streams over on my twitch so be sure to
go follow my twitch don't already by the
way I realized this control that it
actually says on it they're made at e3
2007 to 80 things out of a thousand I've
still got my day one Xbox one controller
home I've got so many limited edition
controllers it's unreal and I've got my
own custom Mars bar one as well right
I'm going to go for a run I didn't get
to go for this morning cuz I had to jet
off to the e3 conference and see
everything right let's go I'm going to
try and beat the climb that I've got
yesterday morning remember you are your
worst enemy back from the runner
absolutely dying
George's narrow ones lead to my path
yeah your room is so good it's like why
is it like a patios I don't have this I
don't have this looks gonna soak for
it's like a mother's sake yeah listen
you just leave him I'm working up a cup
i I've got my room in now on masters
double bed
right so the whole Microsoft I've
invited up drinks this evening but
George and I bundle a lot to learn every
one of them to be created so we've got
our drones it's going to load of restart
the computer about half an hour looking
around the area the loads of places to
fly drones that aren't no-fly zones and
they're safe to fly in and they aren't
breaking any laws so it spent the time
to look into this with loads of cool
places like we've been quite at Santa
Monica beach we have to bring the
airport controls we're going to do that
another day and get the close of the
airport control we found this little
place which is in the middle of nowhere
okay fly zone for LA that we're going to
take the Mavericks level the tomb of X
I've got mine you've got yours
thanks for the sick journey appreciate
it thank you very much
LEDs up with a legend man you legend
hype like the gold be legend legend walk
boy thank you very much for one beef
that you guys I really hope you enjoyed
all of that drone footage that George
and I managed to go and get and that
taxi driver on the way back what the
hell's in fact we had LEDs in the uber
making the best Hoover drivers I've ever
had so far not to mention the fact that
he was well dangerously spinning a
fidget spinner whilst driving but that's
fine anyway you guys cook here for
yesterday's vlog if you missed it it was
also one of the best days of my life
like here to subscribe
might as well like you guys been awesome
I'll catch you in tomorrow's vlog adios
