our games against malware your problem
is to bridge the gap between where you
are now and where you want to be no stay
in LA guys I'm going to kick it off with
the regards if you're enjoying the daily
blows be sure to smash me a like rating
let's go from
it's not something outside but it's very
very very humid and very hard 22 minutes
and four seconds 2.4 miles
I've had enough right of me saying that
I'm going to do things and then doing
like a half-ass job at them I said for
ages that I want to try new gym every
day and run every day and then I do it I
do that and I keep it off for like a few
weeks and then I just deteriorate off a
little towards myself and I'm so
motivating I saw a quote earlier today
and it blew my mind it said go and look
in the mirror and then it said see that
person in the mirror that's your worst
enemy I'm going to go for a run every
single morning while I'm in LA
anyway I hope all of you guys are ok
today is a very very very special day
not just for me but for the whole
channel this video alone marks a very
very very special day and I'm honestly
privileged to be the first vlogger in
the world to cover this project Scorpio
so yes you heard me correctly project
scorpy but we think you serve Alex what
the heck is Project Scorpio pretty much
I'm going to take all my cameras for
this in all my lenses because I want to
just arc is going to be amazing
accomplish on the first vlogger in the
world to get this opportunity others as
a collector to get this opportunity I
can't believe we're doing it today I'm
about to head downstairs to get in the
bus to head to the reveal event the
project Scorpio people we change
yourself Alex what is project Scorpio
going to be called xbox something we're
going to find out that name today at the
event when it gets launched I can't wait
it's a private event today I've got my
political operation my ticket is on my
phone to get in guys let's do this
I know so there's the e3 book mate but
I've got those that Ferrari there to go
to the event Wow
as much as I wish that was true I didn't
get a Ferrari I wish yeah now to return
this it's got a pretty swanky book there
we go 40 minute book journey over I
arrived at this event I'm very very very
privileged to be bringing you guys all
of it this is so cool I think we're
gonna get searched by a dog
go knocking on my dog stay away we've
got better cameras than you fairly
representing representing a Sony screwed
are you guys doing you're getting boat
search Hank you know right I'll have a
bag so I think I'm clear to go through
here so the security here it's off the
top notch they're doing bag searches
we've got a great these machines just
against the event but I'm super happy
that security that tight just like peace
of mind is a shame that this sort of sub
is necessary for peace of mind plus
security got my badge
let's go guys laughs yeah check this out
bring it all inside here for about 45
minutes an hour and 45 minutes I think
the event is about to start
put your Scorpio bringing on
did it say this 2017 xbox III blank
ladies and gentlemen the head of Xbox
with the bent
please welcome Patrick Sutherland
executive vice president EA worldwide
studio that's it not even over that was
incredible absolutely love the words
that abandoned was indescribable being
in that that was entertainment this
kitchen comes over is like can we be in
the blog can we be in the blog
especially I called that I so come over
and I was like mate he's going to say
can I be in the blog and until later can
I be in the vlog all in my office bro
yeah I'll see you have seen my videos
you're a legend since I actually want
the fun I thought yous whiter be in the
vlog quickly stops for George doing
right so today was the actual launch of
the Xbox one X is the compost they're
calling it project Scorpio Xbox one but
like things the convention it was live
stream to like millions of people whilst
I was there it was honestly a phenomenal
experience being that I can't put it
into words will describe how awesome it
was see all of that this has some food
this is actually III behind of me I'll
be going there tomorrow and Wednesday
the convention this morning though it
was
this is my you back oh yes thank you
super driver ever
thanks for the appreciate it for you
this morning has been incredible I also
in between the expo and going to Hooters
stopped off at a t-mobile store I've got
a 4G SIM card for this phone I'm going
to run the hotspot on this phone with
the 4G SIM card from honestly as I've
said numerous times I can't describe how
awesome this morning was actually being
there I wish that showed more Hardware
related stuff is there an external power
break what are the ports on it we just
didn't see any of that it was just oh
here's a picture of the console and oh
yeah here's a load of games they're
really pushing 4k though coming yeah
that's really cool but what do you think
of the name
what do you think of the console what do
you think of the games let me know in
the comments and I'll also set up a xbox
one x QT in the description to view
hardcore people you want to go leave
your thoughts on it there that would be
much appreciated it really helped me out
4k TVs with their input lag they've got
a bit of catching up to do for the
hardcore gamers in my personal opinion
right I'm going to go chill by the pool
for a bit to drink this so this wraps up
guys an absolutely awesome day in LA I
think Microsoft are taking me to an
Italian place tonight so I'm not going
to take the big vlogging we're going to
walk out the age 6500 and whack on the
10th or eight in the lens I'll see you
guys on their release portable volume
rig activated
managed to drag myself head of the table
Microsoft meal bribing guys meal with MS
over guys as always here for yesterday's
vlog to see me build and do a tour of
this awesome hotel room here to
subscribe guys my husband are like you
guys have been awesome sales and keep
smiling I'll catch you in tomorrow's
vlog alley
