good morning London is 6:52 a.m.
Microsoft has got me on a bus that
leaves in 11 minutes to go to terminal 5
really ballot buses and trained time and
all this traveling stuff I'm not very
good at it and it freaks me out but like
anything it's all your mindset enter
into it with a positive mindset and
you'll be absolutely fine right no
parking these guys play don't care look
at these things oh wow oh my look at
that
now that is Airport travel if I do say
so myself look at these sends a Range
Rover all the m-52 can choose
unfortunately I won't be getting
underneath any of these I'm upward on
the bus
speaking of buses I think this is my bus
run down welcome it 620 this morning
straight over to the airport checked in
drop the bags are picked up an
overpriced Bluetooth speaker had a
smoothie now I'm waiting for the flight
sir ocean flying in premium economy
class and I've never flown in Premium
Economy or this is going to be really
interesting for me as well as you just
about to board the flight this is so
exciting so for the whole team on board
we hope very much we joint the
experience of flying with us family
we'll see you again soon so guys so guys
will say bag reclaimed Neil welcome to
Los Angeles
let's do this I think this this is
romantist and I'm not hundred cents
although this is great banter
while other rooms like is in i3 yeah and
it says is it taking a moment hey guys
I'm in the room which I'm going to be
residing in for the rest of this week
for LA well I'm in LA for e3 and as you
guys know yesterday I packed a
ridiculous amount of gear in this
suitcase not so much clothes and things
more a really high-powered gaming laptop
and an Xbox because the 50 guys whilst
I'm here I'm here for a while I want to
do some live stream it turns out we can
do that because there's a 45 inch TV
here and then also another 45 inch TV in
in the bedroom and we've got HDMI inputs
are so at least resell the stream here
play some games on here sit on the sofa
and chat with you guys over that TV this
was proper wonky light right if you guys
are the telogen this is a lot more
mental than I thought it was going to be
right so I've got the gaming laptop here
Xbox 1s I've got a webcam they're ready
to start streaming and I've got down
there the old ghetto so the Xbox goes to
the elgato that your gutter goes to the
computer and the Gaza also goes to the
TV
well the TV's got like this weird like
remote thing and system Oh Brittany you
can't get access to the HDMI input
around the hotel and they're sending an
engineer up to help me
right here's the sentence behind me I'm
kind of proud of it but I'm not going to
talk about a douche a meaner nip down to
the pool mr. Benson mr. George Benson
said I get yourself down to the pool
porn some shorts put on a t-shirt or
vibing out that's what we said I'll see
you guys I'll see you guys on some
backup in the room was it with Tori this
and oh my god I want to unbox it so bad
sweet push back from the pool what's
under the pool I was able to think to
myself I think of how well everything is
gone I have managed to bring all this
stuff in nothing's broken everything we
survived I've arrived lost no bags
everything has gone smoothly for one and
then I realized that I forgot an Xbox
controller and my Apple watch charger
and my watch is dead making mistakes is
absolutely fine as long as you're except
heals up the fact that you're not going
to make the same mistake again you make
the same mistake twice
then there's problems saying I'm
probably not going to take an Xbox
anywhere in a suitcase again but Apple
watch charger I probably shouldn't wear
an Apple watch should I wearing an Apple
watch is the mistake I made Bose
Soundlink revolves beaker this is Bose
is brand new Bluetooth speaker literally
only came out a couple weeks back and oh
my that thing is a beast
so like why is it so like it's either
dead or broken I'm going to assume gay
but I believe I think the charge you up
and test it when I'm back an exchange
right now both night here with Microsoft
so we're going for like a a really nice
meal I've been told look at it it's more
than just some swing shot yes sweet
let's do this
in a restaurant right but we've got our
own room in the restaurant our own room
in the restaurant like these three it's
all Xbox
so we guys it's like 1:00 in the morning
here in the USA you stop back to the
hotel room go back to the hotel room
after a conversation I just had with
George Benson George Benson being
another youtuber if you guys don't know
him or haven't heard of him I miss I you
know George Benson he's 21 years old I
might be 22 years old he's got a few
more years on the life-experience book
than I do and yeah he says to me while
stirring this bar and yeah we went to a
bar I thought we were only going to food
hence white took this massive logging
rig out with me how is this vlogging
reground all evening we went to a
massive bar thing like a massive like
bull thing you could anyway it goes to
me mrs. Alex you could stay out and
drink all night everybody else is still
out there drinking I've gotten over back
home and this is the differences with
you Alex
you could stay out and drink and have
some fun but you've got work to do
is that dedicated to your own YouTube
channel that you that comprised the Nite
Owl to go back and finish the video and
of course he's absolutely right I'm
going to go ahead and do exactly what I
want to prioritize in my life at the
moment that is YouTube or more
specifically doing what I love which is
YouTube technology as you can see so
this is my hotel room as you can see
I've got a better room apparently than
most people
I've got an actual like main living
space all my stuff is uncharged over
here I've got my route to my spare
camera lenses GoPro everything on charge
headphones got my family revolver in the
middle of the room just as I got back
well this is my live stream yourself I
forgot an Xbox controller so I'm going
to have to ask Xbox or Microsoft from
here for a controller tomorrow to hope
defin get a few live shows I'm on
twitch.tv for plus mr. marswell for you
guys anyway guys with that being said
I'm going to go ahead and end today's
video here
unfortunately I've got no fan mail to
open or end on today's video and that is
going to be the case throughout the week
so I apologize for that
but guys tomorrow's vlog Thursday
properly you know is awesome can't wait
to see you there guys might as well I
like you guys girls and
to subscribe not already here for
yesterday's vlog or catch you in
tomorrow's vlog I love your faces stay
awesome keep smiling
of course adios
