I've let myself down let my family down
I've let my friends down this is an
Atari workspace one thing I'm going to
need amongst all of this is some Sun
cream not we going on messy personal
it's just because I'm off to LA tonight
so I need to pack but first I want to
get on the work I was a package from
Asus there and we'll open that later
morning sir
look at you hard at work already
ninety-two editing windows open right
nice and early in the morning
inspirational that mate inspirational
arriving to the office this morning jet
was heavy for me props to him his
artwork that do this thing but making
this morning really just chat about sir
well text Mike before I go away to LA
well amazed don't give you hell today I
appreciate it I'll see that happen
tonight
Oh drama best and Andromeda I trust
Michael this is totally fun he said I
love hard as nails because I've got a
cold sore on my face and I feel you know
I can tell people I've been in a fight I
might as well look wonderful by the way
if I give you hard work I will clean a
bit cheers mate
if you guys see this screen burn on this
monitor I bless you had chrome oh look
at these monitors have ever done that to
me before
anyway guys morning to you all is Friday
but Jasmin has the previous - morning -
prepared a few videos with text flows
our video coming up about a phone
everybody missed and about awesome
networking video coming up on pepper
we've have to sort it all out over like
the like the last two days because
obviously in LA and Logan bells
recording leet expert videos I'm going
to be focusing mainly on these vlogs and
then when we get back we're going to hit
up on the main channel you guys know
exactly what we're doing on the main
channel okay cute
we're going to be decking out this room
for the ultimate live streaming room for
the main channel and I literally can't
wait to get back streaming again it's
going to be so fun unfortunately the
only thing that stopping us from
starting is no carpet hello I've been
referred from Andy : to get a come get a
carpet fitted I wanted to get a little
carpet measured up okay let's do the 20
of them George may provide there we go
it's got a man comedy about the carpet
soon as I get back from LA let's move
this thing do you guys have any special
requests or you think we could do
anything won't unique or you know to
this room then please put them down the
comment TV there so far they're all the
computer hardware in there because have
any bright ideas feel free to let me
know I think will be absolutely awesome
maybe with your guys input this is going
to be absolutely awesome to put together
my most interactive series so far there
we go my little office is all clean you
guys not actually hate men hence why
open this video complaining about how
I'm tied in my room was this morning
leaving for LA I'm currently in my
office in a mess or Target the best I
can right let's go sort this out
I ain't just being
you guys have old cuts been in the gym
clean myself most importantly shave
already already sur la tomorrow
talking about la I still need to pack
and I'm leaving in two hours but first I
need to go onto my grandma's and
installed installed her new computer I
took it round this morning to copy
everything over I need to go background
to make sure everything is ok come on
granddad alright alright then she's got
this little thing at the moment and I'll
go into that enjoy the computer love you
too
l'viyah tick remote computer all
installed hopefully she's a lot happy
with that you can actually go online to
online banking and obviously watch my
table right I'm in a slight bit of
trouble my train is at 5:52 to London
get currently my watch on on come on
come on go five minutes to five I'm
going away for a week to LA and I
haven't even packed yet there is no
compromises because I want to collect
this hd60 in case on a livestream from
my hotel room this is a custom hd60 from
our gutter
I wanted camera as a backup blogging
rate in case this die if this dies then
I'm in Tripoli cop the bit by office I
will miss you so much
actually no precious things are going to
have to go in this bag because I'm not
having them loose inside inside there
right so I've got a gaming laptop and an
Xbox in the main suitcase for live
streaming as well as a microphone and an
elgato this is my travel bag that needs
well all of my other camera gear and
stuff in it I believe that that is
absolutely everything so Ben was tidying
up I promised you guys and I'd also
promised myself that before I go and I
am in a rush here and open this now this
is from Asus and well I know I don't
know what's inside but I know what it's
for so I know you guys have been saying
Alex why don't you do a set up in the
office which is buy one buy one brand
like monitor computer keyboard mouse all
of it buy one brand Asus saw the video
where I talked about that and this is
hey Alex we'd love to send you some
stuff so this is what they sent in here
and I thought to be absolutely awesome
but also take a look at it today so and
so that further ado let's have a look
cool that means I know we've got the
Claymore this is the ROG Claymore
mechanical keyboard I have this in the
office myself with the removable numb
and then an extended Mouse map to go
over the whole death patients already
sent me a mouse it's sad the office and
then the pool this is our little beat
now this is brand new this was actually
revealed at the show I went to with Asus
like two months ago this is like a mini
little gaming PC it's absolutely another
coming different variants that's not
saying on the on the side of the box
what one this actually is I believe this
comes in an i5 and an i7 this is the i7
I 7 I'm not sure on the graphics card
though asus thank you I'd love to spend
more time talking about what you sent me
and I will do when I'm back in up when
I'm back in England but as I've stated
Natalia I'm sweating I'm really late for
my train
right arrived in 2004 hour and a half
over of my traveling I'm trying to make
it to not to apply to my hotel room
the bubbly hotel room for this evening I
believed Terminal 3 at Heathrow
to that guy yeah this one he was a
homeless man and there was someone
actually I'm not sure I arrived at the
situation late but they were shouting
abuse to this homeless guy three other
guys got this a Visa guy away from him
and then he just looked at me he just
said I'm so so hungry so I took things
that also got me cheeseburger
I hope he's all right I think what used
a lovely time
a motel though I think this is it okay
this is one swanky hotel oh my this is
sick room 4050 guys made it is a hotel
room check out how cool this room is
like it just looks so swanky not like an
overly sized room or anything it's just
like it's just really nice you guys
obviously can't tell but it's breathing
in here the aircon is on but it's really
nice the bed is massive double little
setup here about to do some work for
this evening and I'm holding on charge
over here for tomorrow getting ready
with its anchor for port charging
straight in the walls that's got my
headphones charging a GoPro and the a
6500 my backup vlog that's a blood
backup vlogging camera and then
listening tomorrow this is what's going
to get my old plane battery life that
thing charges up this 15 inch laptop
right I will pull enough to keep it
juiced up so I'm going to have that
laptop on the whole nine hour plane ride
too much that's the point I don't know
what I'm going to vlog tomorrow I'm on a
nine-hour plane journey so I think you
know why's me I blow with an 87 s
everyday editor on Final Cut and get it
uploaded I don't love with an iPhone so
I'm sure I can put something together
I'm a tough cookie we'll figure it out
guys remember my saying I always say m
gk l love you my friends don't think
just go let's start this la trip off
with a massive bang can't wait for me
please subscribe guys click here for
yesterday's vlog I'll catch you in
tomorrow's one I love your faces stay
awesome keep smiling
ah do
