install this little mesh point this
morning ties up the cable so the dog
doesn't shoot through it hopefully a
happy client good morning guys how are
you all doing my name is of course how
angry hit me up in the email form not
sponsored whatsoever I said Alex you've
said in your blogs you're going to LA
how long you go in for now I'm for some
reason or a big fan of my channels and I
said to them I'm going to seven days and
they went oh this is your first holiday
where you're going for more than two
days or a long weekend and the first
whole day where you're taking a USBC
laptop I said Alex I don't think you're
going to be able to do it safely
you see me prepared for USBC but you're
not sort of hanker where is this going
like what what are you trying about and
it arrived in the post this is what I'm
calling the USBC care package pension2
detail as always on par I love a company
that cares deeply about their
presentation hence why pretty much every
single cable I own is an anchor cable
before it goes to the voting place I've
got some parcels I need to drop off for
you guys one giveaway box and then I
learned stuff to return from the Pierre
box shoot time has come the polling
station right here I can't ever come in
there though ah done I voted I've done
it lots of times have you voted Nathan
are you ready are you ready but I really
appreciate it we're advanced make me
things and give me presents
jezus brought me these but they're not
from jet they're from other people he's
picked them up from the angel coffee
house
don't send things to angel I pay a lot
of makeup air box to send them to that
this is annoying the people at angel
speaking of that and stuff arrived at my
pear box for you boy hello so man
forgetting so far well okay based on it
you're faithful to everything Oh super
like guys have had get over this morning
just doing a little bit of work for me
and he brought this parcel with it then
someone left it or actually sent it to
angel coffee house call me how to do
some work for in the past and that is it
so please don't send parcels for me to
the angel or what are the youtubers I
don't just open that the big boxes that
come to the pier but I sit down and open
everything like I spent a good couple
hours every other evening
Kamala bar clock very thoughtful please
turn to me to the copy house
Peter box it's always down there every
single building so this is the DJI
maverick bro I bought this if you watch
yesterday's lottery if you haven't seen
yesterday's vlog I highly recommend you
go watch you had a load of fun down
London with the Apple store bought this
and it was good last getting slightly
concerned and probably a little bit
ahead of myself here actually maybe not
when I go away I always leave pass to
the last minute and I haven't even
packed yet go to LA was the main reason
I bought this drone and I start my trip
to LA tomorrow
oh my god a big truck just went past
that we had like massive speakers on the
top and it was shouting out verbally but
I'm saying is I need to practice with
this go to LA and I want to know how to
use it ah there we go got the turtle
shell on let's go have some fun oh my
god is so bumpy the things I do for you
guys yeah but I suppose I'm mainly doing
this for myself but Isley quit oh look
so out of the range name titles that
being spark Mavic phantom and inspire
model range this is the second cheapest
drone after the spark this is the second
most expensive drone after the DJI
inspire to chatting about this we're
talking about the new range of drones
excluding the Phantom three first of all
look like this looks cool because I
painted it before it was just Y if I was
going to give something to look I give
it to this because it has awesome
accenting little white propellers it
looks awesome I love the gray looks a
tire let's skip that and go straight to
portability portability one-nil Lovick
what advantages does the inspire one
have over the Maverick with it being
bigger let's check out before we get to
that though the controllers I'm giving
the winner for the controller straight
to the inspire one this is awesome and
it looks cool but it's just so like
you've got to buy like different cables
and then your phone has to like fit into
here and you just can't do it or
one-handed it's just a bit of a push
that down plug in the phone
due to the inspired size in the weight
of the legs rotate you can actually move
the camera around 360 degrees around the
drone so as you can see I can actually
move the camera around and look at the
Maverick which is up there and on the
maverick that isn't even an option all
you can do is look up and down that's to
one for the inspire next up is how
user-friendly are they now the inspire
one is a professional drone and it's
very intimidating on this controller
with this screen but the point goes to
the maverick this time we dis screen on
the controller you get a load of awesome
information even all the way down to the
RPM of the drone and you see that there
right so it's to all what's net like
this one be right I'm going to go ahead
and start both the drones from the same
location and once again Paulo with my
car that's the finish line three two one
right five ten three two one
feet and their cross they lie okay that
was a Taiwan but the Mavic won it with
six second there's seven seven seconds
right battery test both the drones have
been in the air pat the same time the
Maverick is on 68% and the Nspire is on
forty-nine Mavic wins
price to performance well they both do
the same thing pretty much I'll have to
give that one to the mammoth price to
performance definitely goes to the MA
there's one last thing I want to test
and Mavic you're going first
are you ready this is the follow me
satellite signal to week apply satellite
I'll still give that one to the Mavic
because it does have more follow-me
features than this this has like follow
me but the Maverick has like object
tracking and like loads of different
things like that this has none of that
the inspire has none of that all it can
do is follow you that concludes my
testing the mafic is the mother is a
little wonder machine
so uh oh my hey bro yeah okay so guys
for the last couple hours I think I'm
figuring the computer that I'm going to
go round give my grandma's tomorrow
morning so yeah like pretty much the
main question I've got yesterday's video
when I bought the Maverick with Alex you
are in the fortunate position to have
been flying drones for a long time on
YouTube and you know I've been a massive
fan of drones in before I was into
YouTube and I've been into YouTube for
for doing YouTube videos for like five
years now I've been into drones that
long that long that when I had a massive
passion for drones and I still didn't
when I smell my passion started you
couldn't just go out buy something like
this you actually have to build them and
they had to put GoPro on them and like
you build every aspect of it so you
could choose to have like return to home
on the drone or you know if you didn't
have the budget you could leave that out
and obviously you just buy a drone now
and you're privileged with all of the
you know all of the features that they
come with obviously they don't come with
bird but I remember I had a pair of
goggles that went over my face called
fat shark they look fat sharp and they
have like and it was a 5.8 gigahertz
link between the drone and the and the
sakshat goggles in a massive turning
point for drones in the last two or
three years they've really upped their
game yeah again a brilliant example of
the idea is only the easy part make
things happen
Oh before I get sidetracked this arrived
from from Asus I don't think about that
much things inside of it may take think
it's something exciting right guys I'm
going to end today's video here as usual
by opening something that you guys have
sent me from the pier pop this one says
PepsiCo that sick Luke Lane thanks for
the message and that is wicked so with
all that being said guys - nice you guys
have been awesome thanks for tuning into
today's vlog I really appreciate it Jeff
Ally wreckage were enjoyed here for
yesterday's vlog click here to subscribe
and I'll see you in tomorrow's one let's
go to LA and yeah
you
