all of you guys know I've joined I'm
doing this thing called CrossFit right
and it's where well you go and you sort
of do like a strength exercise and then
you do a sort of like a running stamina
exercise thing in it all in an hour and
a load of people go but we do these like
pull-ups all right well I don't usually
do a pull-up like that yeah like I'm
really good at pull-ups I can do no more
pull-ups today it's like really really
easily but these guys do what's called a
kipping pull-up when you go like that
and then you go anybody else you guys
CrossFit today because I am super super
busy as you guys will see throughout the
blog so just gonna do a quick gym
session this morning there's somebody's
controlling this computer right now
because so what was that in the office
now for about two and a half hours and
guess how much work we've got done zero
Adobe Premiere Pro isn't working and
some random person is on the phone
controlling the computer what start to
the day look guys we're not moving the
mouse somebody is doing this from Adobe
it's all working now three hours later
good morning guys is how we all doing my
name is of course our like to office day
this morning we are in the office Jed
and I recording tech flow videos guys
pretty much what we are doing on tech
flow is a video that's been highly
requested for me to do and it's how to
use these little dishes to transfer
internet from one place to another and
these things if they're set up correctly
can transfer Wi-Fi internet like over 10
kilometers and you guys have requested
me to do a video like this for ages so
bear with me guys on the blog today
because I want to do a really good job
filming this video for tech flow so I'll
catch up with you guys in a little bit
once jets gone home
so guys Jed has just gone home and I
for the vlog sorry so guys in a vlog the
other day Luke and I poured it out the
loft and I want you guys wait a minute
we didn't just bored out the loft we
boarded out the loft put a carpet down
and then installed LED lights throughout
the entirety of the loft guys we could
literally make this into a room like
it's absolutely Luke isn't a huge appear
it's very very big so when you guys to
let us know what we could do with the
loft maybe publique not like he was know
what you doing with the loft you've
spent the time to board it out no the
reason I'm boarding out is because I
want him to install a network cabinet up
here to take care of all of my internet
stuff which is currently mounted very
unprofessionally but in a cool manner on
that board up there I want to get it in
a server rack on this wall so luke and I
are running it from back there and then
the rack is going to go on there but
whilst it bored out a lot we may as well
turn this into into some sort of a room
the space is actually really big we've
still got some more floor board to board
out but it really hasn't been expensive
to do this as you can see we can keep
going down there all the way to the
edges much like we have with this carpet
here you can physically walk all the way
over here and the space guys is
absolutely massive like he's you can
literally walk what is mental how big it
is up here but you guys know I am moving
out of this house and before I go ahead
and do that I want to get all of this in
a proper server rack on here now
obviously the whole point of all that up
there is because I sell internet to
people wirelessly but on a real guys
what should we be calling this loft or
what should we be turning this loft into
you could even put a LAN set up up here
anything a set of computers back-to-back
50 people can sit there in game you guys
let me know but before we go into the
new house it will be awesome awesome
awesome to do something in this loft but
for now I need to go to the office
because I've got some tidying to do and
some things to well give away
to you guys absolutely awesome day today
managed to get my inspire one working
this morning I am really low down
awesome today finishing off the loft
with assistant Luke I need to go home
this evening and order some stuff all
along I'll do that with you guys but
first that is absolutely mental so guys
I am on a mission to try and clear out
this corner of the office it's my little
job that I needed to do today amongst
everything else I've done give me
literally three seconds sort it
sorted guys how much nicer is this
looking now and there's a reason behind
all of this
so yesterday I asked you guys how I
should go about giving away all of this
and I explained that I know I'm trying
to give away my for next at the moment
and now I will be giving away but I
can't get them because it's really hard
to get off in X's here in England I'm
not giving away my won because they kind
of used that but in the meantime guys we
had some Corsair gear to give away and I
never actually went through until before
Christmas
what Corsair actually had sent out for
us to give away so we've got two mouse
mats here we've got four headsets look
two keyboards or mice what if not all
more extended mouse mats the different
calibers of prices in the products here
so there needs to be some sort of
hierarchy system in how you guys tell me
how I should be giving these away
because obviously a cloth mm 300 mouse
Mart isn't the same caliber as the MM
800 from Corsair that's the normal Mouse
map and that has a mouse map that
freakin light so you guys get the gist
but my OCD has been going absolutely mad
over the last months because that has
been in the corner and it's about time
but I cleared it oh oh and also if you
guys wear hats
hit me up I'll send you one of these I
don't actually wear how they really just
they just don't suit me whatsoever so
I'm gonna go ahead and finish off
today's vlog ordering a load of stuff I
know you guys love to see me buy things
especially for my business this won't be
my wireless one I promise you guys I
would order the server right at the end
of this video and today well right now
in fact I'm gonna go ahead and do that
okay so guys this is how serious all
this is being right now the total of the
checkout is 389 21 and in here we've got
some power stuff and then this is what
you call a UPS a UPS is brilliant
because as I've explained when the power
goes out the UPS keeps everything
running so for sure outages of power
everything will stay online then this
this and this and this and this is all
cable management stuff for my server app
and this is my server rack it will go on
the wall it's wall-mounted and as you
can see all your network gear it goes
inside of here
your boys absolutely smashing it even
guys I all of you are as excited for the
future and all the things that you are
doing as I am even if you're doing
something that you're not really that
bothered about guys at the moment now
could we like exams or you've got
something horrible coming up like a like
a test put your rolling guys it'll be
over sooner than you think I promise but
guys that's we're gonna go ahead and end
today's daily vlog money's been I like
you guys have been awesome guys remember
to stay awesome keep smart and I'll see
you guys in tomorrow's daily vlog I'll
miss you until tomorrow guys adios
can me wear it
