is supermassive worse this morning for
some reason me and trains just don't
make office this morning used to pick up
this Bob mean trains don't mix I used to
get the train to school every single
morning right and that train guy like
train guard he's been there ever since
ever since I've been going to school and
they saw the coach at within them
it's my trainer such a lovely guy one of
the nicest train conductors I've ever
met so arrived in London all of you say
Alex what you woodland up all this time
why are you down here what is going on
Alex you're scaring me
and well I'm about to scare you even
more right now I'm going to university
so in London today and I pop down to
Goldsmith's University because they've
invited me down here to their computing
undergrad show where all of these
undergraduate while displaying their
inventions that they've made here at uni
but a little walk around and there's
some pretty cool stuff I'm going to
check this DJ out because I like DJ's
right tell me what you got going on here
this looks really interesting so this is
a expanded vinyl system where you can
record a sound from a mic or from a
piano or from anything and then you can
play it back on the vinyl and manipulate
it so I can just say something into that
microphone
SiC the DJ's that was really cool this
one has really caught my eye because
well on Apple's keynote yesterday they
were talking massively about a our
augmented reality and this this is
really cool these built an app right so
when you go into a vinyl store like a
vinyl record point your phone at the
vinyl and it will play what song is on
the vinyl am i correct yeah right let's
give it a go yeah visually tracking on
the rear cut also like so that's
something that you just built by
yourself yeah here and you
that's amazing got people here as are
creating games that I'm raising laptop
team games are there right now hope this
god-awful noise and I've come over to
this bit this is like blowing my mind a
little bit okay so pretty much they've
got a massive sub woofer underneath the
table and then that laptop is feeding
that's the woofer through this amplifier
and then vibrating the water that's on
top of the table then these leads are
shooting into the water and reading the
vibration see how much that water is
moving now and it's hardly picking it up
right way so if I knock the table and
shake the water there you go
use the joypad or oh wow okay okay oh
this is so surreal this present time
with the controller as well oh wow reach
the finish line as if I can do this for
some pull into the water over here like
that really she's really open my eyes
actually because it like really hit home
that if you have an idea but you don't
execute it like and actually make
something and turn your ideas into
reality you know then it's not just a
nicely you can actually experiment with
it like the ideas the easy part the
execution is the hard part and that is
what I've seen here today that is really
cool oh there we go early mornings
activities all finished
thank you Goldsmith inviting me down
that was really really eye-opening
officer
there we go I've come out of the uni
I've taken a trip to central London and
I'm now in Covent Garden I'm here for
well two reasons going to one shop here
we are
whither I I'm joking here we are we've
arrived or Covent Garden laughter I want
to return something and pick something
right refund it's successfully completed
I've got the money back my little
projector which wasn't what I thought it
would be I thought it'd be better to
produce any plans got more money back
quite other they sell so no speakers
after the release of the new the new
home pods one more flight of stairs and
then we'll be to the bit that's going to
hold the item but I want to purchase
okay so and that is why I won right that
is what I won they don't have the prize
on the box at all right I want this and
for one reason only I'll explain why
later in the vlog
I have well and truly secured the
package from Apple wicked man I'm
genuinely so exposed to how I go with
this thing like I don't think myself get
Alex Fairplay holes news my friend but
did a video a couple weeks ago where I
told you guys I made a mistake buying
inspire one that being that has been new
laws introduced in the UK where if
you're going to charge for client work
ie for a wedding you have to physically
have a drone license to do so right so
now what everybody says they do if
they're filming for corporate like a
wedding or a promotional video they say
they are donating donate the drone
footage it's a very gray area
so I've mainly been using my drone just
for YouTube and stuff and therefore yeah
it's been a waste of money because it's
so big and I can never take it anywhere
thus the thoughts of Isaac was born
let's see what it's all about
unfold the front arms forward right so
as far as I can tell is all and box
props are on the control excluding it's
got my comics phone on it as you can see
on the screen they said it says charging
over here I've got the background charge
for the actual drone itself so that
looks like it's going up nicely
oh man this is wicked I wish I was your
Benson earlier and we're both saying
that we're going to take our Mavericks
to LA with us there'll be war as a
maverick Noah joking now probably and
quite badly but it'll be absolutely
sweet having two Mavericks up in LA
that'll be wicked first impressions of
it is so god damn life like it's a lot
smaller than you think it let's begin
bald head you guys can see that for the
camera gimbal there you know honestly it
does not feel very secure but I'm sure
it'll be absolutely fine and comparing
it to the sensor on the Google pixels it
looks about the same
this is so sweet I've got my phone
plugged into there's the control of
those even well you can see there's me
love L right I need a bigger space to
fly this thing
a little bit a little bit a little bit I
take one of them over the inspire
portability any day I know the job send
me stuff in the past I bought this out
of my own money I'm not being sponsored
or paid to say anything about this I
bought it out of my own money today at
the Apple store you guys saw it let's do
a proper video on this tomorrow
don't you watch around the channel soon
there should be an inspire one giveaway
probably not think I could ever give my
custom inspire one away I absolutely
love that thing
I can totally see why you would have one
if you were to put an upgraded camera on
it though but it's a words of like one
and a half two thousand pounds just for
the camera for the drone and it's a
drone you're inevitably going to crush
it or something is going to go wrong and
it'll that Mavic I like it that my big I
like it to all the people that I like
get one you were right and I didn't get
one I was wrong
I've now got one it's mutual pure self
winning is never everything just winning
something never fulfills you another but
wanting to win and having drive to win
it and what I mean by winning is setting
yourself a goal like these are my goals
for this week I've had them written down
those were last week's or crossed I'll
just write it down and work your ass
right guys I'm going to end today's vlog
here by opening something from the peer
box custom PlayStation 4 Mars bar
stickers and what they go on the actual
front of the controller and then those
go on the back wait a minute go before
watt my own screen over this thing I
want to say a massive thank you for
Goldsmiths University for inviting me
down today and be sure to head over to
the website in the description where you
can check out all of the computing
degrees at Goldsmiths University have to
offer anyway guys my name's Alex you
guys have been awesome drop a light
Retton you can enjoy guys click here to
subscribe click here for yesterday's
vlog I'll see you in tomorrow's one
anyway
adios
